woordenboek	n	het · mv. woordenboeken	dictionary
gratis	a		free, without charge
gratuit	a		gratuitous, not obliged to
pond	n	het · mv. ponden	metric pound (500 grams); pound (453.6 grams); British pound, pound sterling (currency)
raven	v	ravede – geraved	to (hold a) rave, to party wildly
dialect	n	het · mv. dialecten	dialect (language variety); non-standard dialect; vernacular
patronage	n	het · mv. patronages	patronage (act of providing approval and support)
deal	n	de · mv. deals	deal, a transaction or arrangement; a deal, a bargain (a favourable transaction)
product	n	het · mv. producten	product
fa	n	de · mv. fa's	fa (fourth diatonic (or sixth chromatic) musical note); F (the musical clef or key)
aam	n	het · mv. amen	aam
aardwolf	n	de · mv. aardwolven	aardwolf
abacus	n	de · mv. abaci	abacus (arithmetic calculation device, usually with beads on rods); abacus (upper portion of a column's capital)
abattoir	n	het · mv. abattoirs	abattoir, slaughterhouse
abject	a		reprehensible, despicable, abject
abracadabra	i		abracadabra (magic spell)
abracadabra	n	het	abracadabra, gibberish language
abrupt	a		abrupt (sudden)
on	d		rarely used as shorthand for oneven (odd), the prefix on- means not…
quiz	n	de · mv. quizzen	quiz
millennium	n	het · mv. millennia	millennium
week	n	de · mv. weken	week, period of seven days
week	a		soft, tender, fragile; weak, gentle, weakhearted
nu	d		now, at the present moment; now, this time (indicating a certain amount of impatience)
nu	c		now (that)
nu	n	het	the present; n (letter of the Greek alphabet)
lente	n	de · mv. lentes	spring: the season between winter and summer; year of age
zomer	n	de · mv. zomers	summer
herfst	n	de · mv. herfsten	autumn, fall
winter	n	de · mv. winters	winter
robot	n	de · mv. robots	robot
absent	a		absent
absolutist	n	de · mv. absolutisten	absolutist (one believing in metaphysical absolutes)
accolade	n	de · mv. accolades	brace, curly bracket ({ }); anything that resembles the above
alien	n	de · mv. aliens	an alien, an extraterrestrial
de	t		the; definite article, masculine and feminine singular, plural
de	p		per
en	c		and; well, so; plus, and
en	d		not (often with another negator, see usage notes); only, merely, no other than, none other than (together with maar)
het	r		it; third-person singular neuter subjective personal pronoun; third-person singular neuter objective personal pronoun
van	p		of (possession, property); of (general association); by, of (creator)
van	d		of, from; from; by, from
van	n	de · mv. vans	a surname or nickname beginning with the preposition van; any surname
hoed	n	de · mv. hoeden	a hat, worn on the head; a cover, protecting something else
ik	r		I; first-person singular subjective personal pronoun
te	d		too (indicating excess)
te	p		to; located at, in, on
te	t		in idiom; a form of the definite article de
dat	r		that, that there; that same (thing), the aforementioned; who, which, that
dat	c		that (introducing a subordinate clause); used behind another subordinating conjunction
die	t		that; referring to a thing or a person further away; those
die	r		that (one) (singular); those (ones) (plural); who, whom, which, that
in	p		in (expressing containment)
in	d		in, inside; into
in	a		in style, fashionable
een	t		a, an; indefinite article, placed before a singular noun, indicating a…
een	u		one
een	n	de · mv. enen	one (digit or figure 1); one (use or instance of the number 1)
hij	r		he; third-person singular masculine subjective personal pronoun
hij	n	de · mv. hij's	he (a male)
niet	d		not, no, don't: used to express negation
niet	n	de · mv. nieten	staple (wire fastener)
zijn	v	was – geweest	to be, to exist; Used to connect a noun to an adjective that describes it; Used to form the perfect tense of the active voice of some verbs, together…
zijn	t		his; third-person singular masculine possessive determiner; its
lens	n	de · mv. lenzen	optical lens; crystalline lens in the eye; a type of barbless harpoon used for killing whales
lens	a		empty; weak, flaccid
wolf	n	de · mv. wolven	wolf (Canis lupus; the largest wild member of the canine subfamily); one of many other canids of the family Canidae, especially of the genus Canis
star	a		stiff, frozen; rigid
o	i		oh
acid	n	de	LSD, lysergic acid diethylamide; acid
Mexico	m		Mexico (a country in North America); Mexico (a state of Mexico)
decade	n	de · mv. decades	a décade, 'week' of ten days in the French republican calendar; hence any…; a set of ten book volumes, as part of a larger opus
letter	n	de · mv. letters	letter (letter of the alphabet)
Japan	m		Japan (a country in East Asia)
beer	n	de · mv. beren	a bear, any member of the family Ursidae; a person who is physically impressive and/or crude; boar (male swine)
pseudo-	n		pseudo-
bit	n	het · mv. bitten	bit (for a working animal); bit (rotary cutting tool); mouthguard
man	n	de · mv. mannen	man, human male, either adult or age-irrespective; husband, male spouse
man	i		indicates that something is larger/stronger/etc. than usual
are	n	de · mv. aren	are, a unit of surface area
doctrine	n	de · mv. doctrines	doctrine
port	n	de/het · mv. porten	postage; port, port wine, Porto
os	n	de · mv. ossen	ox (castrated bull)
date	n	de · mv. dates	a date (romantic outing)
lol	n	de	fun
lol	i		LOL ("laughing out loud", expression of mirth)
bot	a		not sharp, blunt, dull; impolite, badly behaving: curt, blunt, rude
bot	n	het · mv. botten	bone; flounder (a type of fish); boot
Esperanto	m		Esperanto
libero	n	de · mv. libero's	a libero; a libero, a sweeper
ten	x		to the, at the (followed by a masculine or neuter word)
stock	n	de · mv. stocks	stock, goods in supply; basic capital; shares (equity)
onderuitputting	n	de · mv. onderuitputtingen	incomplete use of budgeted funds
onderbenutting	n	de	underutilization, incomplete use (of e.g. a budget)
RAM	n	het	RAM (random-access memory)
USSR	m		USSR (initialism of Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, official name of…
most	n	de	must (unfermented or partially fermented mashed grapes or rarely other…
war	n	de · mv. warren	confusion, disarray; tangle, mess; an elevated area on the floor of a body of water, a kind of contraption for…
country	n	de	country music
euro	n	de · mv. euro's	euro (currency); a euro (a coin of that currency)
Finland	m		Finland (a country in Northern Europe)
bank	n	de · mv. banken	bench; couch, sofa; place where seashells are found
open	a		open, not closed; open for business; open, receptive
consensus	n	de	consensus
fruit	n	het	fruit (produced by trees or bushes, or any sweet vegetable; only literal sense)
metadata	n		metadata
big	n	de · mv. biggen	piglet, little pig
meeting	n	de · mv. meetings	meeting
quisling	n	de · mv. quislingen	quisling
last	n	de · mv. lasten	load, weight; burden; hindrance, problem
acacia	n	de · mv. acacia's	a shrub or tree of a species that belongs to the genus Acacia; any plant resembling an acacia
radio	n	de · mv. radio's	radio, tuner
barcode	n	de · mv. barcodes	barcode
um	i		um (expressing hesitation)
Andorra	m		Andorra (a microstate in Southern Europe, between Spain and France)
Afghanistan	m		Afghanistan (a landlocked country between Central Asia and South Asia)
Angola	m		Angola (a country in Southern Africa)
Bangladesh	m		Bangladesh (a country in South Asia)
Burundi	m		Burundi (a country in East Africa)
Bolivia	m		Bolivia (a country in South America)
Bhutan	m		Bhutan (a country in South Asia, in the Himalayas)
Botswana	m		Botswana (a country in Southern Africa)
Belize	m		Belize (an English-speaking country in Central America, formerly called…
Canada	m		Canada (a country in North America); a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
China	m		China (a country in eastern Asia)
Colombia	m		Colombia (a country in South America)
Cuba	m		Cuba (a country, the largest island (based on land area) in the Caribbean)
Cyprus	m		Cyprus (an island and country in the Mediterranean Sea, normally considered…
Ecuador	m		Ecuador (a country in South America)
blood	a		not courageous; timid
Gabon	m		Gabon (a country in Central Africa)
Ghana	m		Ghana (a country in West Africa)
Guatemala	m		Guatemala (a country in northern Central America)
Guyana	m		Guyana (a country in South America)
Honduras	m		Honduras (a country in Central America)
India	m		India (a country in South Asia)
Iran	m		Iran (a country in West Asia)
Jamaica	m		Jamaica (an island and country in the Caribbean)
Kiribati	m		Kiribati (a country consisting mostly of the Gilbert Islands archipelago,…
gas	n	het · mv. gassen	gas; liquefied petroleum gas; unpaved street
Laos	m		Laos (a country in Southeast Asia)
Liechtenstein	m		Liechtenstein (a microstate in Central Europe)
Liberia	m		Liberia (a country in West Africa, on the Atlantic Ocean, with Monrovia as…
Monaco	m		Monaco (a city-state in Western Europe)
Malta	m		Malta (an archipelago and country in Southern Europe, in the Mediterranean Sea); Malta (the largest island in the Maltese Archipelago); a neighbourhood of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Mauritius	m		Mauritius (a country in the Indian Ocean, east of East Africa and Madagascar); Mauritius (the main island of the country of Mauritius)
Mozambique	m		Mozambique (a country in East Africa and Southern Africa)
Niger	m		Niger (a country in West Africa, situated to the north of Nigeria)
Nigeria	m		Nigeria (a country in West Africa, south of the country of Niger)
Nicaragua	m		Nicaragua (a country in Central America)
mars	n	de · mv. marsen	march; basket (usually worn on the back like a rucksack); the platform at the top of the lower mast of a sailing ship
mars	i		march! (military command)
Brasil	m		a village in Aruba
mi	n	de · mv. mi's	mi
Nepal	m		Nepal (a country in South Asia, located between China and India)
Oman	m		Oman (a country in West Asia in the Middle East)
Panama	m		Panama (a country in Central America)
Peru	m		Peru (a country in South America)
Pakistan	m		Pakistan (a country in South Asia)
Portugal	m		Portugal (a country in Southern Europe, on the Iberian Peninsula)
Paraguay	m		Paraguay (a country in South America)
Qatar	m		Qatar (a country in West Asia in the Middle East)
Rwanda	m		Rwanda (a country in East Africa)
Thailand	m		Thailand (a country in Southeast Asia)
Tonga	m		Tonga (a country and archipelago of Polynesia in Oceania)
Uganda	m		Uganda (a country in East Africa)
Uruguay	m		Uruguay (a country in South America)
Venezuela	m		Venezuela (a country in South America)
Vietnam	m		Vietnam (a country in Southeast Asia)
Zambia	m		Zambia (a country in Southern Africa)
Zimbabwe	m		Zimbabwe (a country in Southern Africa)
software	n	de	software (encoded computer instructions)
computer	n	de · mv. computers	computer
abstract	a		abstract
absurd	a		absurd
abundant	a		abundant
accent	n	het · mv. accenten	accent (distinctive pronunciation of a language; phonetic and phonological…; a notably deviant or disprivileged pronunciation of a language
affix	n	het · mv. affixen	Affix (linguistics and mathematics)
smiley	n	de · mv. smileys	smiley
accountant	n	de · mv. accountants	an accountant; an account-keeper or auditor
accumulator	n	de · mv. accumulatoren	battery, accumulator
Aruba	m		Aruba (an island, dependent territory, and constituent country of the…
Barbados	m		Barbados (an island and country in the Caribbean)
Benin	m		Benin (a country in West Africa, formerly Dahomey)
Brunei	m		Brunei (a country in Southeast Asia)
Belarus	m		Belarus (a country in Eastern Europe)
Belarus	n	de · mv. Belarussen	Belarusian (male or of unspecified gender); a make of tractor, named for Belarus
Vanuatu	m		Vanuatu (a country and archipelago of Melanesia in Oceania)
Tuvalu	m		Tuvalu (a country and archipelago of Polynesia in Oceania)
Turkmenistan	m		Turkmenistan (a country in Central Asia)
Achilles	m		Achilles
shuttle	n	de · mv. shuttles	a space shuttle; a shuttlecock, shuttle; a shuttle bus
map	n	de · mv. mappen	folder; directory, folder
ad	p		costing, totaling; at, on
index	n	de · mv. indexen	index (list); index (number or coefficient representing various relations); index finger
Wales	m		Wales (a constituent country of the United Kingdom)
Suriname	m		Suriname (a country in South America); synonym of Surinamerivier (“Suriname River”)
storm	n	de · mv. stormen	storm; a wind scale for very strong wind, stronger than a gale, less than a…; assault, storming
Lesotho	m		Lesotho (a country in Southern Africa)
drink	n	de · mv. drinks	a beverage, a drink
Jupiter	m		Jupiter (planet); Jupiter (Roman god)
Zaïre	m		Zaire (former name of the Democratic Republic of the Congo: a country in…
Congo	m		Democratic Republic of the Congo (a country in Central Africa, larger and to…; Republic of the Congo (a country in Central Africa, smaller and to the west…; Congo (a major river in Central Africa which flows for about 4,380 km (2,720…
Eritrea	m		Eritrea (a country in East Africa, on the Red Sea)
Fiji	m		Fiji (a country and archipelago of over 300 islands in Melanesia in Oceania)
Georgia	m		Georgia (a state in the Southern United States)
Guadeloupe	m		Guadeloupe (an island at the northeastern edge of the Caribbean); Guadeloupe (an archipelago, overseas department, and administrative region…
baby	n	de · mv. baby's	baby (infant)
yes	i		yay (exclamation of happiness or enthusiasm)
Samoa	m		Samoa (a country consisting of the western part of the Samoan archipelago in…
stand	n	de · mv. standen	posture, position, bearing; rank, standing, station; class
emoticon	n	de/het · mv. emoticons	emoticon
yeti	n	de · mv. yeti's	yeti
radar	n	de · mv. radars	radar (detection system operating by means of radio waves)
Taiwan	m		Taiwan (a partly-recognized country in East Asia consisting of a main island…; Taiwan (an island between the Taiwan Strait and Philippine Sea in East Asia)
president	n	de · mv. presidenten	president
fuck	i		fuck!
fuck	n	de · mv. fucks	a fuck
DNA	m		National Assembly of Suriname
close	a		close (intimate or immediate in personal relationship); close (almost resulting in disaster)
kill	n	de · mv. kills	guy, dude
drug	n	de · mv. drugs	a recreational drug, psychoactive substance, especially when illegal and…
plant	n	de · mv. planten	plant, any member of the kingdom Plantae; cabbage, vegetable (person with severe brain damage)
stylus	n	de · mv. stylussen	stylus (sharp pen used for writing on clay tablets or wax tablets); stylus (plastic stick used for interacting with touch-screen devices)
dar	n	de · mv. darren	drone (non-working male bee, ant or wasp)
beige	a		beige
green	n	de · mv. grenen	Scots pine, Pinus sylvestris; green, putting green
magenta	n	het · mv. magenta's	magenta (pinkish purple colour)
magenta	a		magenta (being of the magenta colour)
pink	n	de · mv. pinken	pinkie (little finger); one-year-old calf, a bovine yearling; a pink (historic coastal fishing boat with one mast, often landed on beaches)
violet	n	het · mv. violetten	violet, a purplish colour
violet	a		violet-coloured
grapefruit	n	de · mv. grapefruits	grapefruit (tree of the species Citrus paradisi); grapefruit (fruit produced by the tree of the species Citrus paradisi)
citrus	n	de · mv. citrussen	a citrus, a tree of the genus Citrus; a citrus fruit, a fruit from a tree of the genus Citrus
Chinese	n	de · mv. Chinesen	woman from China
tuba	n	de · mv. tuba's	tuba (large brass musical instrument)
tempo	n	het · mv. tempo's	tempo (pace, relative speed); tempo, time
duel	n	het · mv. duels	a duel
musical	n	de · mv. musicals	musical (stage performance, show or film that involves singing, dancing and…
wrong	n	de · mv. wrongen	torse (a ring made of two strips of cloth intertwined used on top of helmets…
worst	n	de · mv. worsten	sausage
dollar	n	de · mv. dollars	dollar (currency, especially the US dollar)
cast	n	de · mv. casts	cast (people performing a movie or play)
router	n	de · mv. routers	router (networking device)
keyboard	n	het · mv. keyboards	keyboard (electrical keyboard instrument); keyboard (input device for a computer)
weekend	n	het · mv. weekenden	weekend
been	n	het · mv. benen	leg, limb of a person, horse (other animals would have poten) and certain…; side, leg; the upper part of a sock, above the ankle
pip	n	de	Pip (any of various respiratory diseases in birds, especially infectious coryza); of humans, a disease (particularly the common cold or the flu), malaise or…
pit	n	de · mv. pitten	a seed inside a fruit; wick (of a candle, lamp or other implement); burner (on a stove)
Welsh	m		Welsh (language)
Welsh	n		the Welsh (people of Wales)
Welsh	a		Welsh
imperfect	a		imperfect (not perfect)
of	c		or; whether, if; either ... or
parallel	n	de · mv. parallellen	parallel (all senses)
parallel	a		parallel
pi	n	de · mv. pi's	pi (Greek letter); pi (number)
jack	n	het · mv. jacks	jacket
thee	n	de · mv. theeën	tea; tea-time, tea break, meeting in which tea is served; half-time
design	n	het · mv. designs	design
sol	n	de · mv. sollen	sol (the fifth step in the solfège scale of C, preceded by fa and followed…
humor	n	de · mv. humoren	humour (sense of amusement)
tennis	n	het	tennis (sport)
polyglot	n	de · mv. polyglotten	a polyglot, one who has mastered several languages; a publication with an original texts along with translations in several…
polyglot	a		polyglot
shit	i		shit, darn
shit	n	de	stuff, shit; shit, garbage, trash, of low quality; trouble
hand	n	de · mv. handen	a hand of a human, other simian or other animal with fingers
toe	d		due for, ready for, in need of; after, afterwards; shut, closed (especially as part of a compound verb like toedoen)
toe	i		come on!, go on! (used when trying to coax someone into doing something)
el	n	de · mv. ellen	a unit of length corresponding to about 69 cm: ell, cubit
regime	n	het · mv. regimes	regime (political order); regime (undemocratic political order or government); regimen, diet
finish	n	de	finish; end
anoa	n	de · mv. anoa's	anoa, Bubalus depressicornis
zebra	n	de · mv. zebra's	a zebra, a black-and-white striped equid of the genus Equus: Equus zebra,…; a zebra crossing, a pedestrian crossing
elk	t		each; every
elk	r		everyone; everybody
alpaca	n	de · mv. alpaca's	alpaca
lama	n	de · mv. lama's	llama, Lama glama; Buddhist lama
Roemenië	m		Romania (a country in Southeastern Europe)
guanaco	n	de · mv. guanaco's	guanaco (a South American ruminant (Lama guanicoe), closely related to the…
Volapük	m		Volapük (definite article is often omitted)
wombat	n	de · mv. wombats	wombat
koala	n	de · mv. koala's	koala (Phascolarctos cinereus)
jacht	n	de	hunt, hunting; chase, pursuit; yacht (fast, light and now often luxurious (sailing) boat)
wiki	n	de · mv. wiki's	wiki
voornaam	n	de · mv. voornamen	first name
voornaam	a		important, distinguished
voornamelijk	d		mainly, mostly; predominantly
tree	n	de · mv. treden	step (of a staircase), stair
bongo	n	de · mv. bongo's	a bongo (small Cuban drum used in pairs)
impala	n	de · mv. impala's	impala
boy	n	de · mv. boys	boy, young man
girl	n	de · mv. girls	girl, lass
antecedent	n	het · mv. antecedenten	antecedent (thing that precedes; prior fact, background fact); antecedent (referent of a word, esp. of a pronoun)
adjunct	n	de · mv. adjuncten	an adjunct, a subordinate person, esp. an attendant of a government official
her	d		here; hither
copula	n	de · mv. copula's	copula
subject	n	het · mv. subjecten	subject (theme or topic); subject; subject, ego
stem	n	de · mv. stemmen	voice, sound made by the mouth using airflow; the ability to speak; vote
amai	i		exclamation of surprise or disappointment; boy!; oh my, amazing
rechtsomkeert	d		only used in rechtsomkeert maken
kiwi	n	de · mv. kiwi's	kiwi (bird of the genus Apteryx); kiwifruit (Actinidia chinensis var. deliciosa, syn. Actinidia deliciosa); kiwifruit, kiwi
qua	p		regarding, concerning, in terms of
mikado	n	de · mv. mikado's	mikado, pick-up sticks (game of skill); mikado, a former title of the emperors of Japan during a certain period; any emperor of Japan
air	n	de · mv. airs	air, pretension or pretentious attitude; tune, melody
amusement	n	het	entertainment, amusement
argument	n	het · mv. argumenten	an argument (fact or statement used to support a proposition); a series of propositions, intended so that the conclusion follows logically…; an argument (independent variable of a function)
arm	n	de · mv. armen	arm; branch (especially of streams and organisations)
arm	a		poor (not rich); poor (unfortunate)
as	n	de · mv. assen	ash; ashes; axis
as	p		eive ... as: as ... as
Maneblusser	n	de · mv. Maneblussers	a native or inhabitant of the city of Middelburg, Netherlands
bijvoeglijk	a		adjectival
accident	n	het · mv. accidenten	accidental property
west	d		west; westwards
Korea	m		Korea (a geographic region in East Asia, consisting of two countries,…; Korea (a peninsula in East Asia, containing the countries of North Korea and…
boom	n	de · mv. bomen	tree; beam; mast
aanbidden	v	aanbad – aanbeden	to worship; to adore
was	n	de · mv. wassen	wash, washing, laundry (act of cleaning with water); laundry (clothes that need to be or have just been washed); wax
wassen	v	waste – gewassen	to wash, to clean; to grow, to rise, to increase, to become higher and/or bigger, to wax; to rub wax on, to wax
wassen	a		made of wax, waxen
kerel	n	de · mv. kerels	lad, fellow, bloke; a long overgarment
kluit	n	de · mv. kluiten	lump, clod (mostly in connection to earth or soil)
sibling	n	de · mv. siblingen	sibling
non	n	de · mv. nonnen	nun
nicht	n	de · mv. nichten	female cousin; daughter of someone's uncle or aunt; niece
hot	a		right, on the right side; hot, popular; hot, sexy, attractive
warm	a		warm, hot; 20 °C or more
cool	a		cool, fashionable
Thai	m		Thai (language)
Thai	n	de · mv. Thai	a Thai person
vleugel	n	de · mv. vleugelen	wing to fly with; building wing; grand piano
men	r		one, you, they, everyone; humanity, (the) people, the public opinion
bahasa	n	het	Malay and later, Indonesian language
habitat	n	de · mv. habitats	habitat
hack	n	de · mv. hacks	hack (exploit; illegitimate attempt to gain access)
astronaut	n	de · mv. astronauten	a (male) astronaut
project	n	het · mv. projecten	project (planned endeavor)
experiment	n	het · mv. experimenten	experiment
Afrikaans	a		African; of, from or pertaining to Africa; Afrikaans
Afrikaans	m		Afrikaans (language)
pigment	n	het · mv. pigmenten	pigment, coloring substance
finale	n	de · mv. finales	a final, e.g. the end-round in a competition; the finale of a music piece
update	n	de · mv. updates	an update
bergamot	n	de · mv. bergamotten	bergamot (pear-shaped citrus fruit)
rat	n	de · mv. ratten	a rat, medium-sized rodent belonging to the genus Rattus, or of certain…; any of the numerous, fairly large members of several rodent families that…; a traitor
indigo	n	het · mv. indigo's	the colour indigo
indigo	a		indigo-coloured
room	n	de	cream (of milk)
lob	n	de · mv. lobben	lobe, lobule; lob (arcing pass of a ball)
sombrero	n	de · mv. sombrero's	sombrero (hat)
tutu	n	de · mv. tutu's	tutu
hut	n	de · mv. hutten	a small wooden shed, hut; a primitive dwelling; a cabin on a boat
alligator	n	de · mv. alligators	alligator, crocodilian of the genus Alligator
hobby	n	de · mv. hobby's	hobby (activity)
pen	n	de · mv. pennen	a long feather of a bird; pen (writing utensil); pin
tin	n	het	tin (metal, metallic element)
hi	i		A friendly, informal greeting; hi; Represents laughter
amber	n	het · mv. ambers	amber (colour of fossil resin)
caracal	n	de · mv. caracals	caracal (Caracal caracal)
minister	n	de · mv. ministers	minister (a politician who heads a ministry); a servant of a monastery, or assistant of a priest
sepia	n	de	cuttlefish; the color sepia; a style of yellowish/brownish-and-black photography
diesel	n	de	diesel
fascist	n	de · mv. fascisten	fascist
avocado	n	de · mv. avocado's	avocado, alligator pear
tortilla	n	de · mv. tortilla's	tortilla (flat round bread)
salsa	n	de · mv. salsa's	salsa (dance); salsa (spicy tomato sauce)
om	p		around, about; at (a time); for (some purpose or object), concerning
om	d		around, about; around, over (to another state); over, from an upright to a horizontal position (as in "fall over")
om	c		in order to; shortening of om te
om	a		convinced, persuaded; up; over
epigram	n	het · mv. epigrammen	epigram (short, pithy poem)
episode	n	de · mv. episoden	an episode (instalment); an episode (action, time period or sequence of events)
equinox	n	de · mv. equinoxen	equinox
hazel	n	de · mv. hazels	hazel
marina	n	de · mv. marina's	common, ordinary girl (often with a pejorative meaning)
hamster	n	de · mv. hamsters	hamster
replica	n	de · mv. replica's	replica (exact copy)
safari	n	de · mv. safari's	safari
brochure	n	de · mv. brochures	a brochure, a booklet
toilet	n	het · mv. toiletten	toilet, bathroom (room containing a lavatory); toilet (fixture used for urination and defecation); personal grooming
al	t		all, all of
al	d		already; yet; emphatic modifier of adverbs
al	c		even if
bei	n	de · mv. beien	berry; bey, beg (historical Turkish official)
del	n	het · mv. dellen	dune valley; dell, small depression in a landscape; trollop, floozie
adel	n	de	nobility (class of people); nobility (quality of being noble)
ai	i		expression of pain, grief or pity: ay
ai	n	de · mv. ais	pale-throated three-toed sloth (Bradypus tridactylus)
vrij	a		free; not imprisoned or enslaved; unconstrained
vrij	d		fairly, rather, quite, very
wij	r		we; first-person plural subjective personal pronoun
wei	n	de	a product obtained from milk; whey
haar	r		her; third-person singular feminine objective personal pronoun
haar	t		her; third-person singular feminine possessive determiner; their
haar	n	de/het · mv. haren	hair (collection of hairs); hair (mammalian keratin filament); trichome (hair-like growth on a plant)
mijn	t		my; first-person singular possessive determiner
mijn	n	de · mv. mijnen	mine (place where ore is taken out of the ground); mine (device meant to explode when stepped upon or touched); shaft dug by an insect larva in plant organs, such as leaves
god	n	de · mv. goden	god, deity
bad	n	het · mv. baden	bath (object); the act or process of bathing; immersion
kind	n	het · mv. kinderen	child, kid, non-adult human; first-degree descendant, still a minor or irrespective of age; product of influence, breeding etc
bal	n	de · mv. ballen	a ball or any object with such a shape; testicle, nut; pass, shot
tamp	n	de · mv. tampen	the end of a rope or chain; penis
ban	n	de · mv. bannen	excommunication, denunciation, shunning; anathema which is cast upon one who is excommunicated; magic spell
barak	n	de · mv. barakken	barracks (housing for (garrisoned) soldiers); barrack (building used for housing in a (concentration) camp); barrack (any relatively primitive temporary building, especially used for…
beat	n	de · mv. beats	a beat, a rhythmic pattern, notably in music; beat an early rock genre
bed	n	het · mv. bedden	bed (furniture for sleeping); patch, bed; layer, often a substratum
talk	n	de	talc (soft, fine-grained mineral used in talcum powder)
song	n	de · mv. songs	song
zak	n	de · mv. zakken	sack or sack-like container, such as a bag, sachet, pouch; a pocket; a scrotum
bef	n	de · mv. beffen	an ornamental pair of bands worn hanging over the chest, notably as part of…; by analogy, any of certain other similar objects; a patch on the throat or chest of a different color on cats or dogs
begin	n	het	start, beginning
bel	n	de · mv. bellen	bell; bubble; rag
beginner	n	de · mv. beginners	beginner (someone who is just starting something, or has only recently started)
benen	a		made of bone
benen	v	beende – gebeend	to walk in large strides
sound	n	de · mv. sounds	sound (distinctive style and sonority of a particular musician, orchestra etc.)
positron	n	het · mv. positronen	positron
benzol	n	het	benzene
ver	d		far
ver	a		far, distant
vers	a		fresh
vers	n	het · mv. verzen	a verse, a stanza; a short poem; verse (poetic form with fixed rhyme and meter)
look	n	de/het · mv. loken	any plant of the genus Allium; leek; a look, (clothing) style, appearance
graffiti	n	de · mv. graffiti	graffiti (drawings on a public surface)
jargon	n	het · mv. jargons	jargon, specialised language
slang	n	de · mv. slangen	snake, squamate of the suborder Serpentes; hose (flexible tube); slang, language outside the conventional register specific to a social group
pedant	a		pedantic
polder	n	de · mv. polders	polder (land reclaimed from a body of water and enclosed by dykes)
me	r		myself; first-person singular reflexive pronoun; me, myself (the ethical dative)
Taiwanese	n	de · mv. Taiwanesen	Taiwanese woman
talent	n	het · mv. talenten	talent (gift, quality, capability)
handicap	n	de · mv. handicaps	disability; handicap, disadvantage; handicap, measure of ability
leg	n	de	The act or process of laying something, particularly eggs
angel	n	de · mv. angels	sting, dart (insect's organ); hook, fish-hook, angle; tang (extension of a tool or weapon's head that is inserted in a handle)
IMF	n	het	IMF
pizza	n	de · mv. pizza's	pizza (Italian dish)
perfect	a		perfect
slim	a		intelligent, bright; clever, smart
re	n	de · mv. re's	re (second note of a major scale)
Assam	m		Assam (a state in northeastern India)
hadj	n	de	hajj
piñata	n	de · mv. piñata's	piñata (decorated container filled with candy)
pata	n	de · mv. pata's	canvas shoe, trainer, sneaker; synonym of schoen (“shoe”)
gans	n	de · mv. ganzen	a goose, a waterfowl of the family Anatidae, especially of the subfamily…
gans	t		whole, entire
gans	d		entirely
heel	a		complete, full, whole; intact, unbroken, undamaged, untarnished; big, significant
heel	d		very
Ottawa	m		Ottawa (a city in Ontario, Canada; the capital city of Canada)
boulevard	n	de · mv. boulevards	boulevard
Zulu	n	mv. Zulu's	police helicopter
zoom	n	de · mv. zomen	edge, border; hem (border of a cloth that is turned around and stitched); zoom (augmentation of a view)
Brasilia	m		Brasília (a municipality, the capital city of Brazil; the state capital of…
do	n	de · mv. do's	do, the musical note
chat	n	de · mv. chats	chat (online conversation); chat (online conversation platform)
Turk	n	de · mv. Turken	a Turkish person, a Turk
deem	n	de · mv. demen	dumb person
ia	i		hee-haw
dia	n	de · mv. dia's	slide
kali	n	de · mv. kali's	river
tak	n	de · mv. takken	branch, twig, bough; branch, offshoot, division
hard	a		hard, strong; strong, not easily devalued; unquestionable, uncontestable
hard	d		fast, swiftly; very; loudly
nada	r		nothing
transgender	a		transgender
transgender	n	de · mv. transgenders	a transgender person
dada	n	het	dada, the cultural movement
dada	a		related to the dada art movement; bizarre, irrational, like dada art
dada	i		bye-bye
dada	d		away
dodo	n	de · mv. dodo's	dodo, †Raphus cucullatus; sleep, nighty night
wilde	n	de · mv. wilden	savage, uncivilized person; brute
rail	n	de · mv. rails	rail
winkel	n	de · mv. winkels	shop, store (establishment that sells goods to the public); a shop, service point
eventueel	d		possibly; occasionally
eventueel	a		possible; occasional
down	a		down, depressed
mama	n	de · mv. mama's	mama, mother
palm	n	de · mv. palmen	palm (tropical tree of the family Palmae); a palm, the flat (middle part of the hand)
lam	n	het · mv. lammeren	lamb, the young of a sheep; kid, the young of a goat; the meat - or fleece/wool produce of a lamb
lam	a		lame, unable to move, paralyzed; very drunk
adherent	a		adherent
pin	n	de · mv. pinnen	peg, pin; PIN (A number used to confirm an individual's identity, e.g. when using an…
race	n	de · mv. races	a speed contest, a race
darmstadtium	n	het	darmstadtium
arts	n	de · mv. artsen	physician, doctor
daar	d		there
daar	c		since (preceding a reason why something is like it is)
hier	d		here
er	d		there (can refer to any place, used when not emphasizing the distance to the…; there (used in more constructions than in English, often not translated); of them, of those (often not translated in English)
copyright	n	het · mv. copyrights	copyright
facet	n	het · mv. facetten	facet
bet	d		better
bled	n	het · mv. bledden	a metal strip with holes; a flat board such as a tabletop; middle of nowhere
breed	a		broad, wide; large, ample
creep	n	de · mv. creeps	creep (someone creepy or sexually disconcerting); creep (slow downslope movement of weathered material)
dove	n	de · mv. doven	a deaf person
drank	n	de · mv. dranken	beverage, drink; alcoholic drinks, taken collectively
feed	n	de · mv. feeds	encapsulated online content, such as news or a blog, that can be subscribed…; a mechanism on social media for users to receive updates from their network
blond	a		blond, fair; of light color (usually said about light hair color, but it can…; stupid
fit	a		fit (in good shape)
account	n	de/het · mv. accounts	a subscription to an electronic service; a B2B-customer
dart	n	de · mv. darts	dart
gave	n	de · mv. gaven	a gift, donation, present; a gift, talent
held	n	de · mv. helden	hero
go	n	het	go; go, an approval or permission to do something
grind	n	het	gravel, pebbles, shingle; the diseases scabies (human), mange (canine)
hang	n	de · mv. hangen	a support for hanging objects, such as a nail for a picture frame; a place to dry or smoke produce; a hankering, desire
have	n	de · mv. haven	property, possession
hit	n	de · mv. hits	a hit song, a very popular and successful song; a success, something popular and successful (especially in the entertainment…; a Shetland pony
heldin	n	de · mv. heldinnen	heroine
input	n	de · mv. inputs	input (data fed into a process)
keep	n	de · mv. kepen	notch, carven mark; the brambling, Fringilla montifringilla; synonym of keeper
continent	n	het · mv. continenten	continent (landmass)
continent	a		continent
lied	n	het · mv. liederen	song
made	n	de · mv. maden	maggot; a fly larva that eats decomposing flesh; agricultural meadow used for hay, hayland
meet	n	de · mv. meten	the finish line in a competition
met	p		with, along with (another person); with, using (a tool, instrument or other means); at, for, during (a holiday/festivity)
met	n	de/het	ground meat (sometimes specifically uncooked)
cliché	n	het · mv. clichés	a cliché; an unoriginal work; a printing plate, a stereotype
machine	n	de · mv. machines	machine (mechanical or electrical device)
mal	n	de · mv. mallen	mold, cast (device to help creating shapes)
mal	a		foolish, crazy, lacking common sense
sic	d		sic (thus)
tractor	n	de · mv. tractoren	tractor (agricultural vehicle)
reactor	n	de · mv. reactoren	atomic reactor; chemical reactor
actor	n	de · mv. actores	actor; agent, player (who has a part in some field of economical, social or…
factor	n	de · mv. factoren	a factor, element; factor
shirt	n	het · mv. shirts	a T-shirt or other shirt, typically including undershirts
spelling	n	de · mv. spellingen	spelling
spelt	n	de	spelt (grain)
statement	n	het · mv. statements	statement, declaration; statement, instruction in a computer program
bug	n	de · mv. bugs	a bug (a software problem)
brief	n	de · mv. brieven	letter (written message)
boot	n	de · mv. boten	boat
camera	n	de · mv. camera's	camera
business	n	de	business (commercial activity or specific commercial enterprise)
crime	n	de	hassle, struggle, pain in the neck (something extremely annoying or unpleasant)
body	n	de · mv. body's	bodysuit, leotard, onesie; body, substance
basket	n	de · mv. baskets	basket (the goal in basketball)
complex	a		complex (composite); complex (complicated); complex (containing an imaginary component or involving imaginary numbers)
complex	n	het · mv. complexen	complex (collection of buildings or facilities with a common purpose); complex (abnormal mental state caused by repression)
bridge	n	het	bridge (card game)
curve	n	de · mv. curven	curve: curved line
cell	n	de · mv. cells	cellular phone, mobile phone
sleep	n	de · mv. slepen	dragging, towing; train, the part of wedding gown that drags behind the bride
prove	n	de · mv. proven	a gift out of love; a life-long maintenance
put	n	de · mv. putten	pit, well; drain
remake	n	de · mv. remakes	remake (of a film)
ring	n	de · mv. ringen	ring, hollow circular object; ring; beltway, ring road
rang	n	de · mv. rangen	rank
parasol	n	de · mv. parasols	parasol
set	n	de · mv. sets	a set (collection of objects belonging together); a set (installation consisting of multiple appliances); a set (tennis match)
ambivalent	a		ambivalent (simultaneously experiencing conflicting drives)
bourgeois	n	de · mv. bourgeois	bourgeois
charlatan	n	de · mv. charlatans	charlatan
filibuster	n	de · mv. filibusters	a filibuster, a tactic to delay Congressional procedures
dupe	n	de · mv. dupes	victim
interest	n	de · mv. interesten	interest
shot	n	de/het · mv. shots	shot (sequence of frames); shot (measure/serving of alcohol)
show	n	de · mv. shows	a show (entertainment)
smelt	n	de	a quantity of molten material
spoken	v	spookte – gespookt	to haunt; to be stormy and wild
speed	n	de	amphetamines
spin	n	de · mv. spinnen	spider (member of the order Araneae); particle spin; political spin, media spin
spit	n	het · mv. spitten	a skewer
spat	n	de · mv. spatten	blowgun; spot, speckle, stain
split	n	het · mv. splitten	split, crack, fissure; crushed stone; slit in a piece of clothing, such as in a skirt or dress
spread	n	de · mv. spreads	a spread (two facing pages in a book, newspaper etc.); a spread (a form of food designed to be spread, such as butters or jams); a spread (difference between the prices of two similar items)
stick	n	de · mv. sticks	a hockey stick; a joystick, stick-shaped control device; a memory stick to store IT data
stank	n	de · mv. stanken	stench, stink
impact	n	de · mv. impacts	impact (strong influence or effect)
strike	n	de · mv. strikes	strike (act of knocking down all ten pins on the first roll of a frame)
string	n	de · mv. strings	G-string, thong; character string
taken	v	taakte – getaakt	to take, to grasp; to touch
wake	n	de · mv. waken	a wake (a gathering to remember a dead person)
woke	a		woke; holding left-wing views or attitudes, (especially) with regards to…
wed	n	het · mv. wedden	ford, shallow river crossing; drinking place for animals
wet	n	de · mv. wetten	law (rule); law (body of rules declared and/or enforced by a government); law of nature
wind	n	de · mv. winden	wind (movement of air); flatulence, fart; greyhound
era	n	de · mv. era's	era, age, epoch
concern	n	het · mv. concerns	company, business, concern
bi	a		bisexual
bib	n	de	library
crush	n	de · mv. crushes	crush (infatuation with somebody one is not dating; object of this infatuation)
bitter	a		bitter (having an acrid taste); bitter, embittered
bitter	n	de/het · mv. bitters	bitters, a type of strong spirits made by steeping (often bitter) herbs in…
box	n	de · mv. boxen	speaker, loudspeaker; playpen; compartment for livestock
cement	n	het	cement (powder, paste)
cake	n	de · mv. cakes	pound cake
base	n	de · mv. basen	base, alkali
cover	n	de · mv. covers	a cover, cover song, cover version (rerecording of a previously recorded…; a cover, the front of a magazine or of the package of a storage medium
stork	n	de · mv. storken	synonym of ooievaar (“Ciconia ciconia”)
basis	n	de · mv. basissen	basis (principle, foundation, that which is elementary); base (lower portion, foundation)
relaxed	a		relaxed, chill, nice
hebben	v	had – gehad	to have, to possess, own, hold; to be afflicted with a disease; Used to form the perfect tense of the active voice of most verbs, together…
worden	v	werd – geworden	to become, to get, to grow, to turn; Used to form the imperfect tense of the passive voice, together with a past…
microbe	n	de · mv. microben	microbe
zullen	v	zou – -	used to form the future tense of a verb, together with an infinitive; will,…; used to form the conditional mood of a verb, together with an infinitive
vel	n	het · mv. vellen	a skin, a hide; a fur, a pelt; a sheet (e.g. of paper
vendel	n	het · mv. vendels	company
venen	v		to extract peat
ven	n	het · mv. vennen	mere, a small shallow lake or pond
Russisch	a		Russian, referring to Russia
Russisch	n	het	Russian, language of Russia
kek	a		eye-catching (visually pleasing in a hip or bold manner); fashionable; sassy (bold and spirited
bol	n	de · mv. bollen	a sphere; a ball, globe or bulb; a head
bol	a		convex; bulging; chubby
effect	n	het · mv. effecten	effect; security, notably bond or stock; spin (rotation of a ball)
door	p		through; across, around (within a certain space); because of, due to
door	d		through; forward, on; through (implying motion)
door	n	de · mv. doren	fool, moron
flat	n	de · mv. flats	flat, apartment; tower block
piano	n	de/het · mv. piano's	piano
crisis	n	de · mv. crises	crisis; financial crisis
octopus	n	de · mv. octopussen	octopus
penis	n	de · mv. penissen	penis
rooster	n	de/het · mv. roosters	grill, grid a metallic maze-structure; some things containing one; a device for roasting
wisent	n	de · mv. wisenten	wisent
otter	n	de · mv. otters	Any otter; European otter, Lutra lutra
lynx	n	de · mv. lynxen	lynx (felid of the genus Lynx), also used of certain other medium-sized…; Eurasian lynx (Lynx lynx)
marmot	n	de · mv. marmotten	marmot, rodent of the genus Marmota
laser	n	de · mv. lasers	laser (monochromatic, coherent beam of light); laser (device producing a monochromatic, coherent beam of light); Laser (dinghy)
modem	n	de/het · mv. modems	modem
ram	n	de · mv. rammen	ram (male sheep); male rabbit; battering ram
krot	n	het · mv. krotten	derelict or rudimentary house, shanty
biet	n	de · mv. bieten	beet, beetroot plant or tuber of the genus Beta, esp. Beta vulgaris; small amount
biet	d		a bit
bil	n	de · mv. billen	buttock (each of the two large fleshy halves of the posterior part of the…; a hammer-like double-edged tool used by stonecutters and millers
Rom	n	de · mv. Roms	Rom (member of the Roma people), Romani
rood	a		red; left, socialist, labor
rood	n	het	the colour red
sap	n	het · mv. sappen	juice; sap (fluid in plants)
du	r		Second-person singular informal pronoun; thou
list	n	de · mv. listen	a cunning plan, a ruse, a trick
long	n	de · mv. longen	lung
high	a		high (intoxicated with a drug other than alcohol)
living	n	de · mv. livings	living room
plasma	n	het · mv. plasma's	plasma, dense ionised gas; blood plasma; cytoplasm
house	n	de	house music, house (a genre of music)
doctor	n	de · mv. doctoren	doctor (person who has attained a doctorate)
metal	n	de	metal (rock genre)
blade	n	de · mv. blades	a running blade (prosthetic limb used for running)
live	a		live, being broadcast as it happens
guts	n	de · mv. gutsen	gouge, a suddenly flowing quantity of fluid; a chisel type with a hollow beak
flow	n	de · mv. flows	rhythm, flow of music (particularly in jazz); flow (ability to skilfully rap); flow (mental state characterized by concentration, focus, and enjoyment of a…
volume	n	het · mv. volumen	volume (three-dimensional quantity of space); volume (sound level)
none	n	de · mv. nonen	an interval of 13 (kleine none) or 14 (grote none) halftones
wow	i		wow (exclaims surprise or amazement)
rotten	v	rotte – gerot	to rot, to go bad, to decay
correct	a		correct
meter	n	de · mv. meters	meter (device that measures things or indicates a physical quantity); measurer (person who measures something); meter, metre (unit of distance)
pos	n	de · mv. possen	ruffe (Gymnocephalus cernua)
lift	n	de · mv. liften	a lift, an elevator; a free ride, a lift
klok	n	de · mv. klokken	clock; watch, wristwatch; bell
klim	n	de · mv. klimmen	climb, act of climbing; climb, an object or stretch that is climbed
ether	n	de · mv. ethers	air, broadcasting; ether (organic compound containing an oxygen atom bonded to two hydrocarbon…
augment	n	het · mv. augmenten	augment (prefix before a past-tense verb)
sorry	i		sorry (expressing regret); sorry, pardon, excuse me
baron	n	de · mv. baronnen	baron, a specific aristocratic title; a magnate, especially a wealthy and influential (industrial) entrepreneur
monarch	n	de · mv. monarchen	monarch
Antarctica	m		Antarctica (the southernmost continent, south of the Southern Ocean,…
dictator	n	de · mv. dictatoren	dictator (tyrant, despot)
communist	n	de · mv. communisten	communist
katana	n	de · mv. katana's	a katana
san	n	de · mv. san's	san (archaic Greek letter)
bo	n	de · mv. bo's	sandwich
display	n	de/het · mv. displays	display (screen)
attachment	n	de/het · mv. attachments	attachment (to an email); attachment, personal bonding
g	n		The seventh letter of the Dutch alphabet, written in the Latin script; a unit of gravitational acceleration
u	r		you (polite); thee (dialectal); yourself (polite)
kolonie	n	de · mv. kolonies	colony, dependent human settlement, state or territory; colony, a camp etc. where people are living together for certain purposes,…; colony, collective noun for various insects which nest and live together,…
kudde	n	de · mv. kuddes	herd; collective noun for cows, (koeien), horses (paarden), elephants…
meute	n	de · mv. meuten	pack, rout, crowd
stop	n	de · mv. stoppen	an action of stopping, cessation; a plug for a sink, a stopper; an electric fuse
nut	n	het	use, point, utility, sense; benefit
nut	a		useful
carburator	n	de · mv. carburatoren	carburetor, carburettor
mare	n	de · mv. maren	message, report, story; rumor; depression in non-volcanic stone
prefix	n	de/het · mv. prefixen	prefix
prefix	a		fixed, predetermined
gram	n	de/het · mv. grammen	gram (unit of mass); wrath
gram	a		angry, irate
unbinilium	n	het	unbinilium
integer	a		honest, trustworthy, having integrity
persen	v	perste – geperst	to press tight, to squeeze; to extort
meer	n	het · mv. meren	lake
meer	d		anymore, any longer
peer	n	de · mv. peren	a pear, a fruit of the pear tree; a light bulb; a pear tree, Pyrus communis
teen	n	de · mv. tenen	toe; clove (of garlic); twig, thin branch
pet	n	de · mv. petten	cap (headwear with a peak at the front)
pet	a		bad, crappy
content	a		content(ed), satisfied
content	n	de	the content of a medium
anime	n	de · mv. anime's	anime; an anime
manga	n	de · mv. manga's	manga; mango; mango tree, Mangifera indica
CEO	n	de · mv. CEO's	CEO; chief executive officer
party	n	de · mv. party's	party; a social gathering for celebration or fun, often in a nightlife setting
platform	n	het · mv. platformen	a platform, flat surface, notably a dais or stage; a political platform, (electoral) program; a plateau
plank	n	de · mv. planken	shelf; plank
kin	n	de · mv. kinnen	chin
thermometer	n	de · mv. thermometers	thermometer
band	n	de · mv. banden	bond, connection, relationship, liaison, tie (attachment, as in a relation); band (all English senses, above, except for group of musicians); tire / tyre (e.g., a car tyre)
Hindi	m		Hindi (language)
proton	n	het · mv. protonen	proton
neutron	n	het · mv. neutronen	neutron
weer	d		again, once more; back
weer	n	het	weather; defense; resistance
weer	c		whether
hoop	n	de	hope, aspiration, wish; a pile, heap, stack; a lot, heaps
pub	n	de · mv. pubs	pub (public house, especially one in the UK or Ireland)
harem	n	de · mv. harems	harem (private part of an Arab house, esp. the women's quarters); harem (group of female partners in a polygamous household); harem (group of female animals belonging to one male)
heet	a		hot (very warm); spicy, hot
squash	n	het	squash (sport played in a walled court with a soft rubber ball and bats like…
gourmet	n	de · mv. gourmets	a person of refined palate for food and drink, a gourmet, a foodie; a kind of festive meal, similar to raclette or Chinese hot pot, prepared at…
Tibet	m		Tibet (a geographic region in Central Asia, the homeland of the Tibetan people); Tibet (an autonomous region of China)
halm	n	de · mv. halmen	haulm, stalk, stem of grasses (including grain and reed)
etcetera	d		et cetera, and so on
menu	n	het · mv. menu's	menu
teek	n	de · mv. teken	tick (insect)
teken	n	het · mv. tekenen	sign, indication, mark; sign, symbol; character
zien	v	zag – gezien	to see
mop	n	de · mv. moppen	a joke, jest; a tune, melody; a type of cookie
mark	n	de · mv. marken	a march, a mark (border region)
raaf	n	de · mv. raven	raven (Corvus corax); A raven, term used for certain other large birds of the genus Corvus
community	n	de · mv. community's	community, particularly a virtual community or a group of people sharing…
sake	n	de	sake (Japanese rice wine)
wal	n	de · mv. wallen	coast, shore (side of land near to the water); earthen levee as protection against flooding; wall around city as military defense
want	c		for, because, as
want	n	de · mv. wanten	a mitten, type of glove in which four fingers get only one section, besides…; a coarse type of woolen fabric; anything made from it
start	n	de · mv. starts	start
lekker	a		having a nice taste, tasty, delectable; good, nice, pleasant, satisfying in a more generic sense; hot, sexy, physically attractive
lekker	n	de · mv. lekkers	leaker
sofa	n	de · mv. sofa's	a couch, a sofa
gender	n	de/het · mv. genders	gender (mental analog of sex)
hem	r		him; third-person singular masculine objective personal pronoun; it (tagger in a game of tag)
masker	n	het · mv. maskers	mask
massage	n	de · mv. massages	physical massage
masseur	n	de · mv. masseurs	masseur
masseuse	n	de · mv. masseuses	masseuse
slapen	v	sliep – geslapen	to sleep
dank	n	de	gratitude, thanks; show/token of recognition; reward, recompense
trein	n	de · mv. treinen	train (railway vehicle)
Laura	m		a female given name
Amsterdam	m		Amsterdam (a city and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands; the…; Amsterdam Island, an island and overseas territory of France located in the…
hart	n	de/het · mv. harten	heart, main muscle pumping blood through the body; the center point or zone of an object, image etc; the core or essence of some thing, reasoning etc
naam	n	de · mv. namen	name; reputation
arrogant	a		arrogant
hun	t		their; third-person plural possessive determiner
hun	r		The nominative case of the third-person plural personal pronoun: they (only…
landen	v	landde – geland	to (arrive on) land from the air (for birds, airplanes); to land, bring an aircraft or other vehicle (down) to land; to (arrive on) land by ship
Brussels	a		of, from or pertaining to Brussels
luik	n	het · mv. luiken	hatch; shutter; panel, as in a triptych
Leuven	m		Leuven (the largest city and provincial capital of Flemish Brabant,…; a hamlet in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
peen	n	de · mv. penen	carrot (Daucus carota)
lui	a		lazy
luier	n	de · mv. luiers	diaper, nappy
lies	n	de · mv. liezen	the groin, between the pubis and the thighs
kies	n	de · mv. kiezen	molar; certain resembling objects
kies	a		delicate, choice; tasteful, appropriate, well chosen
wier	n	het · mv. wieren	seaweed
wier	r		whose (feminine, plural)
mond	n	de · mv. monden	mouth; any mouthlike opening; hand
alert	a		alert
wee	a		nauseating
wee	n	de · mv. weeën	contraction during labour or childbirth
penalty	n	de · mv. penalty's	penalty kick
ekster	n	de · mv. eksters	Eurasian magpie (Pica pica); magpie (any of various corvids, particularly of the genus Pica)
Vietnamese	n	de · mv. Vietnamesen	woman from Vietnam
game	n	de · mv. games	a video game, an electronic game
precedent	n	het · mv. precedenten	precedent
context	n	de · mv. contexten	context
putter	n	de · mv. putters	a European goldfinch, Eurasian goldfinch (Carduelis carduelis); a putter, a golf club used to putt
snuffelvliegtuig	n	het · mv. snuffelvliegtuigen	sniffer plane
paper	n	de/het · mv. papers	paper (academic essay)
file	n	de · mv. files	traffic jam; file (an aggregation of data on a storage device identified by a name)
image	n	het · mv. images	image (characteristic perceived by others)
help	i		help!
link	a		dangerous; sly, cunning; jolly, nice
link	n	de · mv. links	physical connection, as in a hardware cable; logical connection, as in reasoning about causality; hyperlink
vliegtuig	n	het · mv. vliegtuigen	aeroplane, winged aircraft
passage	n	de · mv. passages	a passage, a stage of a journey; a passageway, a corridor, a narrow route; a paragraph or section of text with particular meaning
memory	n	het	pelmanism; a memory card game in which a pack of cards is spread out…
eng	a		scary, creepy; narrow; small
las	n	de · mv. lassen	joint, weld
nazi	n	de · mv. nazi's	Nazi, member of the NSDAP; a member of similar movements, whether Nazi, fascist, neo-Nazi or in any…; an authoritarian, strict or nitpicky person
ruin	n	de · mv. ruinen	gelding (castrated male horse)
damp	n	de · mv. dampen	vapour (UK), vapor (US)
dampen	v	dampte – gedampt	to steam, to give off steam or smoke; to vape (to inhale the vapour of an electronic cigarette)
host	n	de · mv. hosts	host
sense	n		only used in sense maken
discreet	a		discreet (with discretion); discrete (not continuous)
kerf	n	de · mv. kerven	a carve or groove
nuance	n	de · mv. nuances	nuance (minor distinction); nuance (subtlety or fine detail)
order	n	de/het · mv. orders	order (command); order (request for product or service)
hanger	n	de · mv. hangers	hanger; pendant
output	n	de · mv. outputs	output (data sent out); output (that which is produced)
uh	i		er, uh
oh	i		oh
ah	i		ah (expressing understanding or surprise)
ha	i		ha
kick	n	de · mv. kicks	kick, thrill (something that excites or gives pleasure)
rein	a		clean, spotless; pure, sheer
fier	a		proud, self-confident; gallant, high-hearted, of noble spirit
bij	p		at, with; by, close to; to, towards
bij	d		alongside, with; in order to adjust or improve
bij	a		caught up, not lagging behind
bij	n	de · mv. bijen	bee, insect of the clade Anthophila
bloed	n	het	blood; a grave consequence, a high price; a whole body
blut	a		without money, broke, bankrupt
wapen	n	het · mv. wapens	weapon; coat of arms; a branch or division of the armed forces (e.g., army, navy, cavalry)
ham	n	de · mv. hammen	ham (cured pork from the thigh of a swine)
vond	n	de · mv. vonden	synonym of vondst (“a find; the act of finding”)
geven	v	gaf – gegeven	to give; to have a negative effect; to care about
jaguar	n	de · mv. jaguars	jaguar
otto	n	de · mv. otto's	wheelie bin
rot	a		rotten, spoiled, decayed, putrid; rotten, tedious, unkind, mean
rot	n	het · mv. rotten	rot (process of becoming rotten; putrefaction); a file (of men)
dame	n	de · mv. dames	noblewoman; Polite term or title of address for any (adult or adolescent) woman; queen
elf	u		eleven
elf	n	de · mv. elven	the number eleven, or a representation thereof; elf, brownie (small folkloric creature); elf (humanoid pointy-eared creature in fantasy)
tank	n	de · mv. tanks	tank (storage reservoir); tank (armoured fighting vehicle with tracks and direct-fire gun); a muscular, physically imposing man
wand	n	de · mv. wanden	wall; face (as in mountain face)
kimono	n	de · mv. kimono's	kimono
duo	n	het · mv. duo's	twosome
mot	n	de · mv. motten	butterfly-like insect: moth (usually nocturnal insect of the order Lepidoptera); a slap, a blow, a hit (physical aggression with hands or fists); a quarrel, tiff
miljoen	n	het · mv. miljoenen	a million, 10⁶
bloem	n	de · mv. bloemen	flower, bloom of flowering plant; flour of wheat or corn
muziek	n	de	music (sound; art)
boek	n	het · mv. boeken	book; omasum
honing	n	de	honey
gamma	n	het · mv. gamma's	gamma (Greek letter); array, spectrum; selection, assortment
coke	n	de · mv. cokes	coke (type of processed carbon used as fuel); synonym of cocaïne
download	n	de · mv. downloads	download
test	n	de · mv. testen	test; a test, an earthen bowl or pot; a test, a cupel (used in smelting)
delta	n	de · mv. delta's	the Greek letter delta; a river delta, a network of one or more rivers and tributaries pouring out…
epsilon	n	de · mv. epsilons	epsilon, the name for the fifth letter of the Greek alphabet; the IPA symbol that represents the open-mid front unrounded vowel; an arbitrarily small quantity
digamma	n	het · mv. digamma's	digamma (archaic Greek letter)
huh	i		huh (an exclamation indicating puzzlement)
stud	n	de · mv. studs	colloquial (in the Netherlands) abbreviation of student
London	m		London (a city in southwestern Ontario, Canada)
Stockholm	m		Stockholm (the capital city of Sweden)
Madrid	m		Madrid (the capital city of Spain)
Ankara	m		Ankara (the capital city of Turkey and the capital of Ankara Province); Ankara (a province and metropolitan municipality in central Turkey around…
munt	n	de · mv. munten	coin; currency; tails (side of a coin)
mint	n	de · mv. mints	a mint-flavored candy; mint (colour)
mint	a		mint (colour)
rook	n	de	smoke
transferium	n	het · mv. transferiums	park and ride (a place on the outskirts of a city where people can park…
kilometer	n	de · mv. kilometers	kilometre
decameter	n	de · mv. decameters	a decametre, 10 metres
dino	n	de · mv. dino's	a dino, a dinosaur; archosaur of the super-order Dinosauria
okapi	n	de · mv. okapi's	okapi
genus	n	het · mv. genera	a rank in a taxonomic classification, in between family and species; a taxon at this rank; gender
helium	n	het	helium
orthodontist	n	de · mv. orthodontisten	orthodontist
seconde	n	de · mv. seconden	second (a unit of time)
chaos	n	de	chaos (disorder); primordial disorder
carbon	n	het	fibre-reinforced polymer; black diamond; carbon paper
asterisk	n	de · mv. asterisken	asterisk
kappa	n	de · mv. kappa's	kappa (letter of the Greek alphabet)
respect	n	het	respect
osso	n	de · mv. osso's	house
appel	n	de · mv. appels	apple (Malus domestica, fruit or tree); appeal (act of imploring or exhorting; a discourse wherein this is done)
café	n	het · mv. cafés	café; coffee shop; pub, bar
steen	n	de · mv. stenen	stone (small rock); stone (hard substance); stone (drupe pit)
lambda	n	de · mv. lambda's	lambda (letter of the Greek alphabet)
mu	n	de · mv. mu's	mu (letter of the Greek alphabet)
gift	n	de · mv. giften	donation; something given (away) voluntarily; poison
gift	a		poisonous, toxic, venomous
centimeter	n	de · mv. centimeters	centimetre, one-hundredth of a metre; tape measure
decimeter	n	de · mv. decimeters	decimetre: one tenth of a metre
millimeter	n		millimetre
hectometer	n	de · mv. hectometers	a hectometre (100 m)
petroleum	n	de	petroleum
corrupt	a		corrupt (lacking integrity, being prone to discriminating, open to bribes, etc.); corrupt (containing (many) errors); deprave, morally corrupt
dag	n	de · mv. dagen	day (period of 24 hours); daytime (time between sunrise and sunset); a meeting or assembly with legal or political power, originally convened on…
dag	i		hello, short for goedendag (“good day”) 'goodday; goodbye'; goodbye, same shortening
dam	n	de · mv. dammen	dam; king (double draught/checker)
hm	i		hmm (expressing hesitation)
xi	n	de · mv. xi's	xi (letter of the Greek alphabet)
dal	n	het · mv. dalen	valley; a type of stone to pave the floor with, flagstone
premier	n	de · mv. premiers	prime minister
nucleus	n	de · mv. nucleusen	nucleus, core
decibel	n	de · mv. decibels	decibel
wok	n	de · mv. woks	wok (large cooking pan, typical of East-Asian cuisine)
echo	n	de · mv. echo's	echo; ultrasound scan
sonar	n	de · mv. sonars	sonar
milligram	n	de/het · mv. milligrammen	milligramme, milligram (0.001 gramme)
milliliter	n	de · mv. milliliters	milliliter, millilitre (0.001 litre)
lithium	n	het	lithium
beryllium	n	het	beryllium
neon	n	het	neon
magnesium	n	het	magnesium
aluminium	n	het	aluminium
chlorine	n	de	chlorine
argon	n	het	argon
calcium	n	het	calcium
scandium	n	het	scandium (chemical element)
titanium	n	het	titanium
vanadium	n	het	vanadium (chemical element)
gallium	n	het	gallium (chemical element with atomic number 31)
germanium	n	het	germanium (chemical element)
selenium	n	het	selenium
krypton	n	het	krypton
rubidium	n	het	rubidium (chemical element)
strontium	n	het	strontium (chemical element)
yttrium	n	het	yttrium
niobium	n	het	niobium (chemical element)
technetium	n	het	technetium
ruthenium	n	het	ruthenium
rhodium	n	het	rhodium
palladium	n	het	palladium (element); palladium, safeguard (something that guarantees protection)
cadmium	n	het	cadmium
indium	n	het	indium
tellurium	n	het	tellurium
xenon	n	het	xenon
barium	n	het	barium
cerium	n	het	cerium
praseodymium	n	het	praseodymium
neodymium	n	het	neodymium
promethium	n	het	promethium
samarium	n	het	samarium
europium	n	het	europium
gadolinium	n	het	gadolinium
terbium	n	het	terbium
dysprosium	n	het	dysprosium
holmium	n	het	holmium
erbium	n	het	erbium
thulium	n	het	thulium
ytterbium	n	het	ytterbium
lutetium	n	het	lutetium
hafnium	n	het	hafnium
osmium	n	het	osmium
iridium	n	het	iridium
thallium	n	het	thallium
polonium	n	het	polonium
radon	n	het	radon
francium	n	het	francium
radium	n	het	radium
actinium	n	het	actinium
thorium	n	het	thorium
protactinium	n	het	protactinium
uranium	n	het	uranium
neptunium	n	het	neptunium
plutonium	n	het	plutonium
americium	n	het	americium
curium	n	het	curium
berkelium	n	het	berkelium
californium	n	het	californium
einsteinium	n	het	einsteinium
fermium	n	het	fermium
mendelevium	n	het	mendelevium
nobelium	n	het	nobelium
lawrencium	n	het	lawrencium
rutherfordium	n	het	rutherfordium
dubnium	n	het	dubnium
seaborgium	n	het	seaborgium
bohrium	n	het	bohrium
hassium	n	het	hassium
meitnerium	n	het	meitnerium
roentgenium	n	het	roentgenium
ununtrium	n	het	ununtrium
ununquadium	n	het	ununquadium
ununpentium	n	het	ununpentium
ununhexium	n	het	ununhexium
ununseptium	n	het	ununseptium
ununoctium	n	het	ununoctium
ununennium	n	het	ununennium
cesium	n	het	caesium, cesium
li	n	de	li (Chinese unit of distance)
ne	t		a, an
bus	n	de · mv. bussen	bus, omnibus (vehicle); minibus, minivan; bus (electrical conductor)
school	n	de · mv. scholen	a school, educational institution that provides education, whether combined…; a thematic educational institute within a larger one, such as in a…; any organisation providing instruction
buggy	n	de · mv. buggy's	a baby buggy, a pushchair, a stroller; a buggy (small motor vehicle)
buggy	a		Buggy, containing programming errors
au	i		ouch!
links	d		on the left; to the left
links	a		left; left-wing, leftist, belonging to the ideological left; left-handed
links	n	het	the left, the left side or tendency, especially in politics and any ideology
na	p		after; bar, except Used to form ordinal numbers in relation to a superlative…
na	a		close
si	n	de · mv. si's	musical note; ti
ar	a		angry, furious; sorry, sad, regrettable
ar	n	de · mv. arren	sledge
pot	n	de · mv. potten	jar, pot, solid container; kitty or pool (where stakes, etc., are centralized); loo, crapper (toilet)
deuterium	n	het	deuterium
samoerai	n	de · mv. samoerai	samurai
vacuüm	n	het · mv. vacuüms	a vacuum; emptiness, meaninglessness
vacuüm	a		in or constituting a vacuum; empty, meaningless
croissant	n	de · mv. croissants	croissant
pers	n	de · mv. persen	a press, mechanical device to exert pression; the press, media; a Persian cat (breed)
Attica	m		Attica (region in Greece where Athens is located)
vat	n	het · mv. vaten	barrel, tank; vessel; grip, both literal and figurative
pint	n	de · mv. pinten	a glass of beer (usually 25 cl or 33cl, not an imperial pint)
la	n	de · mv. laden	drawer; la (music)
po	n	de · mv. po's	chamber pot
ra	n	de · mv. ra's	spar (horizontal beam or pole of a ship's mastwork)
pa	n	de · mv. pa's	pa, dad
es	n	de · mv. essen	ash, ash tree (Fraxinus excelsior); ash (any tree of genus Fraxinus); E-flat
foetus	n	de/het · mv. foetussen	fetus
decigram	n	de/het · mv. decigrammen	decigramme, decigram (0.1 gramme)
centigram	n	de/het · mv. centigrammen	centigramme, centigram
parlement	n	het · mv. parlementen	parliament
pis	n	de	piss; cheap beer
tri	n	het	synonym for trichloorethyleen, a chemical solvent
wan	n	de · mv. wannen	winnowing basket
half	a		half; half before the next whole; the middle of that month
twee	u		two
twee	n	de · mv. tweeën	two
drie	u		three
vier	u		four
vier	n	de · mv. vieren	a sign for or representation of four; the value four, e.g. as a score
vijf	u		five
zes	u		six
zes	n	de · mv. zessen	six (the digit or figure 6)
zeven	u		seven
zeven	v	zeefde – gezeefd	to sift, sieve, strain
acht	u		eight
acht	n	de	attention, heed; banishment, ostracism
negen	u		nine
negen	n	de · mv. negens	a nine, an instance or representation of the digit nine; a nine, an instance or use (e.g. score or amount) of the number nine
tien	u		ten
twaalf	u		twelve
dertien	u		thirteen
veertien	u		fourteen
vijftien	u		fifteen
zestien	u		sixteen
zeventien	u		seventeen
achttien	u		eighteen
negentien	u		nineteen
twintig	u		twenty
info	n	de	info, information
informatie	n	de · mv. informaties	information
decagram	n	de/het · mv. decagrammen	decagramme, decagram (10 gramme)
mus	n	de · mv. mussen	sparrow, bird of the family Passeridae, especially of the genus Passer and a…
gut	i		gee
rho	n	de · mv. rho's	rho (letter of the Greek alphabet)
milkshake	n	de · mv. milkshakes	milkshake
zebrapad	n	het · mv. zebrapaden	a zebra crossing, a crosswalk (place where pedestrians can cross a street)
Albert	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Albert
orgaan	n	het · mv. organen	organ (part of an organism); mouthpiece, a spokesperson or medium aligned with an organisation; public body, a public board, an organisation
insect	n	het · mv. insecten	insect, arthropod of the class Insecta; bug (any small arthropod or invertebrate that somewhat resembles an insect)
pik	n	de · mv. pikken	penis; a down, prejudiced attitude against someone who is thus 'picked on',…; mate, bro
spade	n	de · mv. spaden	spade
spade	a		late
lexicon	n	het · mv. lexicons	lexicon
tool	n	de · mv. tools	a tool, aid, instrument, auxiliary device
omega	n	de · mv. omegas	omega (Greek letter)
lief	a		nice, sweet, lovely; beloved, dear
lief	n	het · mv. lieven	one's beloved in a romantic relationship, i.e. a boyfriend or girlfriend
der	d		there
das	n	de · mv. dassen	A badger, various species of genera Meles and Taxidea; Eurasian badger (Meles meles); necktie
Dijle	m		Dyle (River flowing through Belgium)
Schelde	m		The river Scheldt (a river in France, Belgium and the Netherlands)
hallo	i		hello (a general greeting used when meeting somebody); Asks for a response or attention; Used when asking for an already known answer
hallo	n	de · mv. hallo's	A quick and friendly greeting
generator	n	de · mv. generatoren	generator (one that generates); generator (machine that converts mechanical energy into electrical energy)
shop	n	de · mv. shops	shop
onus	n	de · mv. onussen	burden
intelligent	a		intelligent, bright, smart
online	d		online (on, via or connected to the Internet or another network)
online	a		online (on, via, connected or related to the Internet or another network)
dok	n	het · mv. dokken	dock
Toscane	m		Tuscany (an administrative region of Italy, located north of Lazio and south…
onthaalpagina	n	de · mv. onthaalpagina's	page for receiving visitors; main page
spectrum	n	het · mv. spectrums	spectrum
manifest	n	het · mv. manifesten	manifest
manifest	a		manifest; obvious, undeniable
echt	a		authentic, true, genuine, real
echt	d		really
echt	n	de	the institution or bond of marriage; matrimony
fork	n	de · mv. forks	a fork, splitting-up of an existing process into itself and a child process…
restaurant	n	het · mv. restaurants	restaurant
circuit	n	het · mv. circuits	racetrack; electric circuit; exclusive group of individuals, clique, circle
lever	n	de · mv. levers	liver; edible animal liver as a dish or culinary ingredient
kloot	n	de · mv. kloten	testicle
kerosine	n	de · mv. kerosines	kerosene
lava	n	de	lava
thanks	i		thanks
halal	a		allowed, in keeping with Islamic principles
halal	d		done in keeping with Islamic principles
gras	n	het · mv. grassen	grass
pop	n	de · mv. poppen	cocoon, pupa; doll; As a term for a girl or woman
mozzarella	n	de	mozzarella (soft Italian or Italian-style cheese made from cow's or…
must	n	de · mv. musts	a must (necessity, prerequisite)
sacrament	n	het · mv. sacramenten	sacrament
evangelist	n	de · mv. evangelisten	an evangelist, an author of one of the gospels; a Christian missionary; a preacher in an evangelical church
cherub	n	de · mv. cherubs	six-winged humanoid angel; putto
protestant	n	de · mv. protestanten	Protestant (a modern Christian denomination not belonging to the Catholic or…
rock	n	de	rock (style of music)
crash	n	de · mv. crashes	crash, collision, esp. when involving aircraft; economic crash, especially in relation to stock exchanges; computer crash
cash	n	de	cash
cash	a		in coins and bills/notes
lunch	n	de · mv. lunchen	a lunch, a meal eaten around noon
ei	n	het · mv. eieren	egg; female gamete; The digraph ei
kennel	n	de · mv. kennels	kennel
college	n	het · mv. colleges	a collegial board, either advisory (committee) or as an authority; a secondary school, a high school, (now Belgium) especially in Roman…; an academic lecture, class
maximum	n	het · mv. maxima	maximum
minimum	n	het · mv. minima	minimum
mini	a		mini (tiny)
mega	a		mega (huge)
marathon	n	de · mv. marathons	marathon
net	n	het · mv. netten	net (mesh); net (device for catching and trapping); television channel
net	a		clean, tidy; decent, proper
net	d		tidily, neatly; decently, properly; just, nearly, barely
navel	n	de · mv. navels	navel
sloop	n	de/het · mv. slopen	pillowcase, pillowslip; demolition
mast	n	de · mv. masten	mast (pole on a ship, to which sails can be rigged); mast, fodder for pigs or other animals made up of acorns and beechnuts
switch	n	de · mv. switches	switch (act of switching); switch (person interested in acting both in a dominant and a submissive…
Daniel	m		a village in Curaçao
vegan	a		vegan
vegan	n	de · mv. vegans	vegan
smegma	n	het	smegma
jambe	n	de · mv. jamben	iamb
harp	n	de · mv. harpen	harp
splinter	n	de · mv. splinters	splinter (long, sharp fragment of material)
protagonist	n	de · mv. protagonisten	protagonist, main character; champion (defender of a cause)
Tagalog	m		Tagalog (language)
privacy	n	de	privacy
ons	r		us; first-person plural objective personal pronoun; ourselves
ons	t		our; first-person plural possessive determiner
ons	n	het · mv. onsen	metric ounce (100 grams)
bang	a		scared, frightened; fearful; anxious
bang	n	de · mv. bangen	a sharp, percussive sound, like the sound of an explosion or gun; bang
à	p		indicates an approximate number; indicates the price etc. each
belt	n	de · mv. belten	a dumpsite, notably for waste products; (clothing) A belt
bitch	n	de · mv. bitches	bitch (somewhat general term of abuse for a woman; disagreeable, assertive,…; bitch (person in a submissive or low-placed position)
equidistant	a		equidistant
rust	n	de · mv. rusten	rest, calm, peace; half-time
transcendent	a		transcendental, not algebraic
calculus	n	de · mv. calculi	computation, calculation; calculus (stony concretion that forms in a bodily organ)
algebra	n	de	algebra
mies	a		mean; unwell; scared
bagel	n	de · mv. bagels	bagel (ring-shaped pastry); dredged peat (also: baggel)
torus	n	de · mv. torussen	torus
parachute	n	de · mv. parachutes	parachute
acetyleen	n	het	acetylene
punch	n	de	punch (beverage)
fruitcake	n	de · mv. fruitcakes	a fruitcake, cake flavored with fruit
whiteboard	n	het · mv. whiteboards	whiteboard
constant	a		constant, invariable; constant, continuous, unceasing
matrix	n	de · mv. matrices	matrix (type of array)
vector	n	de · mv. vectoren	vector, an element of a vector space
scalar	n	de · mv. scalars	scalar (quantity with only magnitude)
Algiers	m		Algiers (the capital and largest city of Algeria)
Bali	m		Bali
Bangkok	m		Bangkok (the capital city of Thailand)
Barcelona	m		Barcelona (the capital city of Catalonia, Spain)
Dublin	m		Dublin (the capital city of Ireland)
Edinburgh	m		Edinburgh (the capital city of Scotland); Edinburgh, Edinburgh (a council area of Scotland)
Florence	m		Florence (a city and comune, the capital of the Metropolitan City of…; Florence (a metropolitan city of Tuscany, established in 2015; in full, the…
Florida	m		Florida (a state of the United States)
plastic	n	het	plastic (synthetic polymer substance); plastic (specific type of synthetic polymer)
plastic	a		plastic
bar	n	de · mv. bars	a bar, counter, drink cabinet; a bar, pub serving alcohol; bar (a unit of pressure, equal to 100,000 pascals)
bar	a		harsh, tough (used mainly with koude (“cold”), or omstandigheden (“conditions”)); barren, inhospitable, bare; crude, grim, unfriendly
bar	d		extremely (only in a negative sense)
sail	n	het · mv. sails	the fin or sail of a submarine
Helsinki	m		Helsinki (the capital city of Finland; a municipality, the capital of the…
union	n	de · mv. unions	a trade union
zoo	n	de · mv. zoos	zoo
Java	m		Java (island of Indonesia); a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kiev	m		Kyiv (an oblast of Ukraine)
Nairobi	m		Nairobi (the capital city of Kenya)
stressor	n	de · mv. stressors	stressor
nice	a		nice
Oslo	m		Oslo (a county and municipality, the capital city of Norway)
Palermo	m		Palermo (a port city and comune, the capital of the Metropolitan City of…; Palermo (a metropolitan city in Sicily, established in 2015; in full, the…
legen	v	leegde – geleegd	to empty
import	n	de · mv. importen	geographical import; a person or people who is/are not native to a city, village or region, but…
Rome	m		Rome (a major city, the capital of Italy and the Italian region of Lazio,…; Rome (a metropolitan city of Lazio, Italy); a hamlet in Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Johannesburg	m		Johannesburg (a city, the provincial capital of Gauteng, South Africa)
cola	n	de · mv. cola's	cola (drink)
feta	n	de	feta
skin	n	de · mv. skins	skin
pat	n	het	tie, draw, stalemate; the slot in the frame that accepts the axle of the wheel; dropout
tap	n	de · mv. tappen	tap
Tarragona	m		Tarragona (a province of Catalonia, Spain); Tarragona (a city in Tarragona, Catalonia, Spain)
Tunis	m		Tunis (the capital city, since 1159, and largest city of Tunisia)
Vancouver	m		Vancouver (a seaport, the largest city in British Columbia, Canada); Vancouver (a city, the county seat of Clark County, Washington, United States)
Zanzibar	m		Zanzibar
Zurich	m		Zurich (the capital city of Zurich canton, Switzerland); a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Zagreb	m		Zagreb (the capital and largest city of Croatia)
koper	n	het	copper (metal, element); buyer
Gerard	m		a male given name
alchemist	n	de · mv. alchemisten	alchemist
popcorn	n	de/het	popcorn
sandwich	n	de · mv. sandwiches	sandwich
sigma	n	de · mv. sigma's	sigma (letter of the Greek alphabet)
tau	n	het · mv. taus	tau (Greek letter)
phi	n	de · mv. phi's	phi (letter of the Greek alphabet)
chi	n	de · mv. chi's	chi (letter of the Greek alphabet)
psi	n	de · mv. psi's	psi (letter of the Greek alphabet)
nihil	r		nothing
vent	n	de · mv. venten	chap, fellow
fan	n	de · mv. fans	fan (admirer)
terp	n	de · mv. terpen	artificial mound or hillock used as shelter during high tide
dharma	n	de	dharma (order of the universe, society, etc.; one's social or religious duty…
papier	n	het · mv. papieren	paper (A material used for writing or printing on, made from cellulose pulp…; a piece of paper; money (cf. slang sense of paper)
papyrus	n	de · mv. papyri	the papyrus plant, Cyperus papyrus; the paper-like material made from the papyrus plant; a scroll made of that material
serpent	n	de/het · mv. serpenten	serpent, serpentine dragon, large snake; an unpleasant, spiteful or foulmouthed person, especially used of women; serpent (wind instrument)
element	n	het · mv. elementen	element
nucleon	n	het · mv. nucleonen	nucleon
botanist	n	de · mv. botanisten	botanist
pianist	n	de · mv. pianisten	pianist
hockey	n	het	hockey, almost always field hockey
Nepalese	n	de · mv. Nepalesen	Nepali (female from Nepal)
Telugu	m		Telugu; a Dravidian language of India
Telugu	n	de · mv. Telugu's	a Telugu; a member of the people who speak the Telugu language
wat	r		what: e.g. (1) asking for a subject complement; (2) asking for a sentence object; what: e.g. (1) as the object of a sentence
wat	t		some (for countable and uncountable nouns); what (a), such
wat	d		a bit, somewhat; how, so
hamburger	n	de · mv. hamburgers	hamburger
affect	n	het · mv. affecten	affect
enkel	a		single; only, sole
enkel	d		exclusively, only, solely
enkel	n	de · mv. enkels	ankle
Epirus	m		Epirus (a historical region and ancient kingdom in Southeastern Europe,…; Epirus (a geographic region and administrative region in northwest Greece,…
candela	n	de · mv. candela's	candela
ampère	n	de · mv. ampères	ampere
kilogram	n	de · mv. kilogrammen	kilogram
coulomb	n	de · mv. coulombs	coulomb (unit of electric charge)
farad	n	de	farad
joule	n	de · mv. joules	joule
ohm	n	de · mv. ohms	ohm
siemens	n	de	siemens (unit of electrical conductance)
goal	n	de · mv. goals	goal, target in sports, especially soccer; a hit in it, a point scored
score	n	de · mv. scores	score (number of points earned)
Liechtensteiner	n	de · mv. Liechtensteiners	Liechtensteiner (a person from Liechtenstein or of Liechtenstein descent)
brood	n	het · mv. broden	bread; a loaf of bread; a similar bakery product or other baked dish
pauper	n	de · mv. paupers	pauper (one who is extremely poor)
volt	n	de · mv. volts	volt (unit)
watt	n	de · mv. watts	watt
Swahili	m		Swahili (language)
drone	n	de · mv. drones	drone (unmanned aircraft)
kim	n	de · mv. kimmen	horizon
bont	n	het	fur
bont	a		motley, variegated, multi-colored; mixed, varied, heterogeneous
vloeien	v	vloeide – gevloeid	to flow (to move as a fluid)
flux	n	de · mv. fluxen	flux
spam	n	de	spam (undesired electronic content)
trial	n	de · mv. trials	cross with small but sturdy and very versatile motorcycles, cars or bicycles
hype	n	de · mv. hypes	hype
Bask	n	de · mv. Basken	Basque (native or inhabitant of the Basque Country, Spain) (usually male)
banjo	n	de · mv. banjo's	banjo (stringed instrument)
sabbatical	n	de/het · mv. sabbaticals	sabbatical (extended period of leave)
Jan	m		a male given name, equivalent to English John
Nederlands	a		of the Netherlands; Dutch, Netherlandish; of the Dutch language
Nederlands	m		Dutch, the language spoken in the Netherlands and in Flanders (i.e. the…
gym	n	de · mv. gyms	gym (fitness facility)
check	n	de · mv. checks	check (inspection or examination)
judo	n	het	judo (Japanese martial art)
gymnasium	n	het · mv. gymnasia	a type of secondary school (for 12- to 18-year-olds) which prepares students…
prototype	n	het · mv. prototypes	prototype
cheque	n	de · mv. cheques	check, cheque (a note promising to pay money to a named person or entity); voucher, used to pay a stated amount for a specific purpose
Brabant	m		North Brabant; Duchy of Brabant
Limburg	m		Limburg (a province of the Netherlands); Limburg (a province of Flanders, Belgium); Limburg an der Lahn (the capital city of Limburg-Weilburg, Hesse, Germany)
Mechelen	m		a city and municipality of Belgium; a village in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
bergen	v	borg – geborgen	to store, to stash away; to salvage (a vessel)
club	n	de · mv. clubs	club (an association of members joining together for some common purpose,…; club (an implement to hit the ball in certain ball games, such as golf); nightclub
infinitief	n	de · mv. infinitieven	infinitive
briller	n	de · mv. brillers	person wearing glasses
los	a		loose; separate, individual
los	n	de · mv. lossen	synonym of lynx
Sarajevo	m		Sarajevo (the capital city of Bosnia and Herzegovina); Sarajevo (a canton of Bosnia and Herzegovina)
Sofia	m		Sofia (the capital city of Bulgaria)
ach	i		oh (expression of compassion, surprise and dismay)
backslash	n	de · mv. backslashes	backslash
occult	a		occult
factotum	n	de · mv. factotums	factotum (jack-of-all-trades)
Alexander	m		a male given name from Ancient Greek, equivalent to English Alexander
gabardine	a		made from gabardine
gabardine	n	de · mv. gabardines	the woolen (cloth) Gabardine; an overcoat or raincoat (of this material)
collage	n	de · mv. collages	collage (image created by placing pictures on a surface); collage (composite created by the assemblage of various works)
Allah	m		Allah
panda	n	de · mv. panda's	panda, giant panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca); red panda (Ailurus fulgens)
miasma	n	het · mv. miasmata	miasma (noxious atmosphere or influence)
sick	a		sick (amazing, awesome, excellent)
land	n	het · mv. landen	land, country, realm, territory; land (part of Earth not covered by water); a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands
Holland	m		Holland (a historical province of the Netherlands); Holland, the Netherlands (a country in Western Europe)
lip	n	de · mv. lippen	lip (part of the mouth); lip (of a container)
cent	n	de · mv. centen	cent, a subunit of currency equal to one-hundredth of the main unit of the…; cent, a subunit of currency equal to one-hundredth of the euro
wasabi	n	de	wasabi (condiment)
gazelle	n	de · mv. gazellen	gazelle, mammal of the tribe Antilopini
wildebeest	n	het · mv. wildebeesten	gnu, wildebeest
flamingo	n	de · mv. flamingo's	a flamingo, bird of the family Phoenicopteridae; the greater flamingo, Phoenicopterus roseus
hyena	n	de · mv. hyena's	hyena, any member of the family Hyaenidae
flag	n	de · mv. flags	flag
cobra	n	de · mv. cobra's	cobra (venomous snake from certain genera of the family Elapidae, especially…; Indian cobra (Naja naja)
brioche	n	de · mv. brioches	brioche
atlas	n	de · mv. atlassen	atlas (bound or digital collection of maps); atlas (top vertebra)
Zeus	m		Zeus (Supreme ruler of all Greek gods, husband to Hera)
fair	a		fair (just, honest, equitable, adequate)
fair	n	de · mv. fairs	a fair (social event, type of market)
festival	n	het · mv. festivals	a festival (festive event or gathering)
type	n	het · mv. types	type: a class, someone or something from a class. The diminutive is used…
steel	n	de · mv. stelen	stem (of a plant); handle (of a broom, a pan)
plan	n	het · mv. plannen	a set of intended actions, through which one expects to achieve a goal:…; a technical drawing; a detailed map of a relatively small area, such as a building or settlement
drama	n	het · mv. drama's	drama (theatrical work; anything involving play acting); something tragic, a tragedy
galah	n	de · mv. galahs	synonym of roze kaketoe
proper	a		clean
front	n	het · mv. fronten	front
code	n	de · mv. codes	book or body of laws, code of laws, lawbook; system of rules and principles, e.g. of conduct; code (set of symbols)
video	n	de · mv. video's	video, movie (regardless of medium); videotape; video, video signal or the visual element of a medium
transport	n	het · mv. transporten	transport
farm	n	de · mv. farms	A player-made mechanism that generates a desired item; A place where the growing of crops takes place
scanner	n	de · mv. scanners	scanner (scanning device)
request	n	de/het · mv. requests	request (message sent over network)
producer	n	de · mv. producers	producer
propaganda	n	de · mv. propaganda's	propaganda
offer	n	het · mv. offers	sacrifice, offering; victim
research	n	de	research
dons	n	het	down, small bird feathers used as insulation material in covers and sleeping…; a bed cover (e.g. a duvet) filled with down; a piece of down or fluff
papa	n	de · mv. papa's	dad (term of address for one’s father, especially used by young children)
dis	n	de · mv. dissen	laid table; meal, dish; D-sharp
lite	n	de · mv. liten	the (rare) singular of liten
happen	v	hapte – gehapt	to take a bite; to gasp
je	r		one, people, you, someone, anyone; an unspecified individual or group of…; I, one
hond	n	de · mv. honden	dog (Canis lupus familiaris); A derogatory term for a human; a reprehensible person
hamer	n	de · mv. hamers	hammer
service	n	de · mv. services	service; after-sales
cruise	n	de · mv. cruises	cruise
Bretagne	m		Brittany (a cultural region, historical province, and peninsula in northwest…; Brittany (an administrative region of northwest France, including most of…
Valletta	m		Valletta (the capital city of Malta)
Spitsbergen	m		Svalbard (an archipelago, territory, and unincorporated area of Norway…; Spitsbergen (the largest island of the Svalbard archipelago); a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
glad	a		smooth, polished; slippery
glad	d		completely, entirely (mostly along with verbs and adjective with a negative…
wort	n	het	wort (unfermented beer)
yam	n	de · mv. yams	yam, a tropical vine; its edible root
dans	n	de · mv. dansen	dance
roman	n	de · mv. romans	a novel (work of fiction)
Duits	a		German
Duits	m		German language
Drenthe	m		Drenthe, a province of the Netherlands
Flevoland	m		Flevoland (a province of the Netherlands)
Friesland	m		Friesland (a province of the Netherlands); a hamlet in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
souvenir	n	het · mv. souvenirs	souvenir
magazine	n	het · mv. magazines	magazine (periodical publication)
mug	n	de · mv. muggen	a mosquito, a gnat, any fly of the suborder Nematocera except sometimes the…; a bug, an insignificant individual
Westen	n	het	the West
zenit	n	het	zenith
sein	n	het · mv. seinen	signal; railway signal
gezellig	a		having an inviting and friendly ambiance; cosy, nice, pleasant, sociable,…
prestige	n	het	prestige
staat	n	de · mv. staten	state (political entity); state, condition, status; table, list, chart
slip	n	de · mv. slips	a pair of briefs; a short type of underpants which covers the buttocks but…; a pair of knickers or panties
baden	v	baadde – gebaad	to bathe
ex	n	de · mv. exen	ex (former partner)
cornflakes	n		corn flakes; plural of cornflake
bes	n	de · mv. bessen	berry; B-flat; an old woman
poker	n	het	poker (card game); somebody who pokes a fire
wiegen	v	wiegde – gewiegd	to rock, to sway
wieg	n	de · mv. wiegen	cradle; birthplace
Gelderland	m		Gelderland (a province of the Netherlands)
Groningen	m		Groningen (a city, municipality, and capital of Groningen, Netherlands); Groningen (a province of the Netherlands); a village and ressort in Saramacca, Suriname
Overijssel	m		Overijssel (a province of the Netherlands)
Utrecht	m		Utrecht (a city and municipality, the capital of Utrecht province, Netherlands); Utrecht (a province of the Netherlands)
Zeeland	m		Zeeland (a province of the Netherlands); a village and former municipality of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
turf	n	de · mv. turven	peat; a tally mark representing five; a fat book, tome
clitoris	n	de · mv. clitores	clitoris
snooker	n	de · mv. snookers	snooker
pool	n	de · mv. polen	magnetic pole (especially of the Earth and other celestial bodies); electrical pole (e.g. of a battery); an opposing side of a principle or a doctrine
more	n	de · mv. moren	the unit of length (short or long) in poetic metre
log	a		lumbering, inert, slow in movement; immobile; plumb, (too) heavy in built and/or weight
log	n	het	falsehood; a chip log, instrument to measure a vessel's speed; logbook
pachinko	n	de · mv. pachinko's	pachinko
special	n	de · mv. specials	a special broadcast episode
recent	a		recent
aal	n	de · mv. alen	eel (fish), (Anguilla anguilla); elver (young eel); ale (obsolete)
pater	n	de · mv. paters	father (as a religious title)
frater	n	de · mv. fraters	a twite (Linaria flavirostris, syn. Carduelis flavirostris)
ros	n	het · mv. rossen	horse; steed
ros	a		of an impure red color; reddish; ginger, red-haired
nix	n	de · mv. nixen	nix, nixie (water spirit)
gast	n	de · mv. gasten	guest; knave, worker, apprentice, delivery boy; dude, guy
coyote	n	de · mv. coyotes	coyote (Canis latrans)
skunk	n	de	skunk, weed with a high level of THC
ska	n	de	ska
pudding	n	de · mv. puddingen	pudding (type of dessert)
blad	n	het · mv. bladeren	a leaf (of a plant); a sheet of paper, leaf (in a book); a page
Chickasaw	m		Chickasaw (language)
Malayalam	m		Malayalam
Mohawk	m		the Mohawk people; the Mohawk language
Punjabi	a		Punjabi, of, pertaining to, descended from the people or culture of the…
Punjabi	n	de · mv. Punjabi's	Punjabi (person)
Punjabi	m		Punjabi (language)
Quechua	m		Quechua (language)
Shona	m		Shona (African language)
Tamil	m		Tamil; language spoken in the state of Tamil Nadu, India and in Sri Lanka,…; A person born in one of those regions, belonging to the Tamil people
Urdu	m		Urdu (language)
Vlaams	m		Flemish
Vlaams	a		Flemish
appendix	n	de · mv. appendices	an appendix, a section appended to the main body of a text or publication…; a vermiform appendix; the appendix of a balloon
bureau	n	het · mv. bureaus	desk; office, office building (especially office buildings for writing and…; agency (government organisation, such as a police station: "politiebureau";…
corpus	n	het · mv. corpora	a collection of writings, a text corpus
scenario	n	het · mv. scenario's	scenario (screenplay, plot outline); scenario (model of events)
truck	n	de · mv. trucks	truck, lorry (heavy motor vehicle designed to carry goods)
label	n	het · mv. labels	quality label; music label
mango	n	de · mv. mango's	mango; mango tree, Mangifera indica
curry	n	de · mv. curry's	the spicy condiment curry powder; a curry dish; curry ketchup
cembalo	n	de · mv. cembalo's	harpsichord, cembalo
loo	n	de/het · mv. loos	a clearing in a forest; a forest on sandy soil with (many) clearings
lust	n	de · mv. lusten	lust, desire (especially sexual, but also more generally); object of desire; pleasure, joy
tarantula	n	de · mv. tarantula's	Any wolf spider of genus Lycosa, particularly Lycosa tarantula; synonym of vogelspin (“tarantula, theraphosid spider”)
trucker	n	de · mv. truckers	trucker (truck driver)
ecologist	n	de · mv. ecologisten	an environmentalist
datum	n	de · mv. datums	date (point in time); datum (piece of information)
ee	n	de	a law or rule; the bond of marriage
focus	n	de · mv. focussen	focus; focus, centre
fungus	n	de · mv. fungi	fungus, member of the kingdom Fungi
medium	n	het · mv. media	means, system or instrument for fulfilling an end; medium which a wave or force traverses; middle voice
medium	a		of medium size; medium rare
stimulus	n	de · mv. stimuli	stimulus
vita	n	de · mv. vitae	vita (hagiography)
juni	n	de · mv. juni's	June (month)
juli	n	de · mv. juli's	July
porto	n	de · mv. porti	the postage due for having a letter or package transported and delivered by…
pons	n	de · mv. ponsen	punch (tool for punching or drilling holes)
Christus	m		Christ, Messiah (Christian title for Jesus of Nazareth)
opus	n	het · mv. opera	opus
homo	n	de · mv. homo's	gay, homosexual; Used as a general slur
paar	n	het · mv. paren	pair, couple; a few, a couple, some
hippie	n	de · mv. hippies	hippie
wen	d		when
wen	c		if, when
tram	n	de · mv. trams	a tram, a streetcar, vehicle on rails for passenger transport in cities
trailer	n	de · mv. trailers	trailer (unpowered vehicle towed behind another); semi-trailer truck; trailer, camper, caravan (furnished vehicle towed behind another)
Venus	m		Venus (planet); Venus (Roman goddess)
verbum	n	het · mv. verba	verb
via	p		via, through, by way of; by (means of); using (a medium)
veto	n	het · mv. veto's	veto
hecatombe	n	de · mv. hecatomben	hecatomb, public sacrifice involving many sacrificial animals; carnage, massacre, any great loss of life whether intentional or not
anaconda	n	de · mv. anaconda's	anaconda, constrictor of the genus Eunectes
barg	n	de · mv. bargen	barrow, castrated boar
berg	n	de · mv. bergen	mountain, hill; a large amount, a pile; a stock, reserve
zona	n	de	shingles
Marcus	m		Mark (book of the Bible); Mark (traditional author of the Gospel of Mark); a male given name
metropolis	n	de · mv. metropolissen	metropolis
kleur	n	de · mv. kleuren	a color, colour; a party obedience, as in politics; a suit (of cards)
top	n	de · mv. toppen	top (uppermost part); apex; summit, peak (high point of a mountain or object)
top	a		great, very good
topje	n	het · mv. topjes	top (garment worn to cover the torso)
placebo	n	de · mv. placebo's	placebo
tsarina	n	de · mv. tsarina's	tsarina (female tsar/empress, wife of a tsar)
tartan	n	de/het · mv. tartans	tartan (woollen cloth with a distinctive pattern of intersecting orthogonal…; a kilt or cloak made of tartan
ton	n	de · mv. tonnen	barrel; ton (1000 kilograms); 100,000 of some monetary unit, particularly guilders
nudist	n	de · mv. nudisten	a nudist
naturist	n	de · mv. naturisten	a naturist
neger	n	de · mv. negers	a black person, a Negro (male or of unspecified gender)
nie	d		never
brandstof	n	de · mv. brandstoffen	fuel
direct	a		direct, immediate; direct, blunt, frank
direct	d		immediately
oase	n	de · mv. oasen	oasis
rad	n	het · mv. raderen	wheel (a circular device facilitating movement or transportation)
rad	a		quick, swift
rand	n	de · mv. randen	edge, brink, rim; boundary
recht	a		straight
recht	n	het · mv. rechten	a right, competence, authority, privilege; justice; jurisprudence, the law
rechts	d		on the right; to the right
rechts	a		right; rightist, belonging to the ideological right; right-handed
moment	n	het · mv. momenten	moment (very brief period of time); moment of force, moment
rob	n	de · mv. robben	seal, any member of the family Phocidae; rabbit
Eskimo	n	de · mv. Eskimo's	Eskimo (person)
Eskimo	m		the Eskimo language (group)
hymne	n	de · mv. hymnes	song of praise
kunnen	v	kon – gekund	can, to be able to; may, can, to be allowed to; to be possible
nee	i		no
neen	i		no; stressed or formal form of nee
lofzang	n	de · mv. lofzangen	song of praise
passer	n	de · mv. passers	compass (device used with a pencil to draw an arc or circle on paper)
nerd	n	de · mv. nerds	nerd
job	n	de · mv. jobs	job
smog	n	de	smog
semester	n	het · mv. semesters	semester (period of six months)
trimester	n	het · mv. trimesters	trimester (period of three months)
per	p		for each; for every; per
corps	n	het · mv. corpsen	student society, especially a traditional and hierarchical one
ja	d		yes
ja	n	de/het · mv. ja's	yes
ja	i		yes!
auto	n	de · mv. auto's	car, automobile
Cherokee	m		the Cherokee language; Cherokee people
Cherokee	n	de · mv. Cherokees	a member of the Cherokee people
sedan	n	de · mv. sedans	sedan, saloon (car type)
saloon	n	de · mv. saloons	saloon (tavern in the Old West)
best	a		fine, okay; dear, venerable (in a polite address)
best	d		quite, rather
fuga	n	de · mv. fuga's	fugue (piece of music)
lid	n	het · mv. leden	member (of a group); member, limb (extremity of a body); member, penis
dragon	n	de	tarragon (the edible Mediterranean herb Artemisia dracunculus); treacle mustard (Erysimum cheiranthoides); a (French) dragoon
centaur	n	de · mv. centauren	centaur
basilisk	n	de · mv. basilisken	a basilisk (mythological or heraldic monster, part serpent, part rooster); a basilisk, a tree-dwelling lizard of the genus Basiliscus
beet	n	de · mv. beten	bite
canon	n	de · mv. canons	canon (set of representative or pre-eminent literary works); canon (set of authoritative religious books, especially those constituting…; canon (religious law)
Carthago	m		Carthage
puppy	n	de/het · mv. puppy's	puppy (young dog)
hop	n	de · mv. hoppen	hoopoe, the species Upupa epops or an individual of this species; any bird of the family Upupidae; hop, Humulus lupulus
hop	i		synonym of hoppa (“let's go, hey presto, alley-oop”)
gander	n	de · mv. ganders	gander, male goose
tender	n	de · mv. tenders	tender; coal-car
mode	n	de · mv. modes	fashion, trend
wit	a		white; legally obtained by having paid the appropriate taxes
wit	n	het · mv. witten	white (color); cocaine; ability to think and reason
hen	r		them; third-person plural objective personal pronoun; they (singular) subject pronoun
hen	n	de · mv. hennen	hen, female chicken; female of a related species; a female of the species of birds brooding on the ground
aquarium	n	het · mv. aquaria	aquarium
fucking	a		fucking, intensifier, especially to indicate annoyance
fucking	d		fucking
doe	n	de · mv. doe's	a festival of song and dance organised and performed by and for enslaved people
does	a		sleepy, dozy, not fully awake or to one's senses
kip	n	de · mv. kippen	a chicken, Gallus gallus domesticus; a female chicken, a hen; Kip, currency in Laos
worm	n	de · mv. wormen	worm, vernacular term for various, mostly legless invertebrates; often…
vos	n	de · mv. vossen	fox, carnivore of the tribe Vulpini; red fox (Vulpes vulpes); fox fur
bark	n	de · mv. barken	the bark of certain trees, used for its tannin; barge, a large type of rowing or sailing boat
marine	n	de · mv. marines	a navy; an armed navy (naval branch of armed forces)
rouge	n	de/het · mv. rouges	rouge (red or pink makeup to add colour to the cheeks)
canvas	n	het · mv. canvassen	canvas, sail; canvas, fabric used for painting
socialist	n	de · mv. socialisten	socialist
detonator	n	de · mv. detonators	detonator
tumult	n	het · mv. tumulten	tumult
beauty	n	de · mv. beauty's	a beauty, looker, beautiful person; a beautiful other creature or thing; human beauty, as the object or goal of cosmetics etc
crack	n	de	crack (variety of cocaine)
cup	n	de · mv. cups	cup (trophy); cup (one of the two parts of a brassiere which each cover a breast)
comfort	n	het · mv. comforts	physical comfort, ease
kitten	n	de · mv. kittens	a young cat; kitten
kitten	v	kitte – gekit	to apply sealant to
steward	n	de · mv. stewards	steward, male flight attendant
jij	r		you; second-person singular subjective personal pronoun
speech	n	de · mv. speechen	speech, oration (oral monologic address of some length)
sinister	a		sinister
hark	n	de · mv. harken	rake (garden tool)
ATM	n	de · mv. ATM's	automated teller machine
ticket	n	de/het · mv. tickets	ticket or voucher
token	n	de/het · mv. tokens	token, an atomic piece of data
hola	i		hello, hi
quarantaine	n	de · mv. quarantaines	a quarantine, sanitary measure of isolating infected people; its duration or…; any isolation, exclusion
Polen	m		Poland (a country in Central Europe); a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
trio	n	het · mv. trio's	trio, threesome, triad (group of three people or things); menage a trois, threesome (sex act, three people having sex together)
detail	n	het · mv. details	detail
leer	n	het	leather; doctrine; theory, teachings
leger	n	het · mv. legers	army, armed forces; form (habitation of a hare); mass, multitude
gel	n	de/het · mv. gels	gel (suspension of solid in liquid); gel (cosmetic preparation)
jam	n	de · mv. jams	jam (congealed sweet mixture of conserved fruits)
dandy	n	de · mv. dandy's	dandy
incubus	n	de · mv. incubussen	an incubus (evil spirit); a nightmare (horrible dream); a burden, obsession, yoke
cricket	n	het	cricket (sport)
ter	x		for, for the (followed by a feminine singular noun, e.g., one ending in -ing); in the
moor	n	de · mv. moren	something black, notably a black horse; a whistling kettle, used to boil water in, as for tea or coffee
eunuch	n	de · mv. eunuchen	a eunuch (castrated man); a eunuch (castrated male harem guard)
abandonware	n	de	abandonware
latte	n	de · mv. lattes	latte (coffee drink)
balustrade	n	de · mv. balustrades	balustrade; railing
baluster	n	de · mv. balusters	baluster
trap	n	de · mv. trappen	stairs, staircase; ladder; degree, grade
tor	n	de · mv. torren	beetle (insect of the order Coleoptera)
ren	n	de · mv. rennen	a run; an enclosed area where small or mid-sized livestock such as poultry…
bon	n	de · mv. bonnen	receipt; ticket, fine (e.g. for speeding); voucher
bom	n	de · mv. bommen	bomb (explosive); flat-bottomed marine fishing vessel; bung, stopper (for barrels)
bok	n	de · mv. bokken	male goat, billy; vaulting horse; sawbuck
mos	n	het · mv. mossen	moss (small seedless plant(s) growing on surfaces); lichen (symbiotic association(s) of algae and fungi)
reuk	n	de · mv. reuken	smell
hout	n	het · mv. houten	wood (material); particular kind of wood; piece of wood, stick
fik	m		dog's name
fik	n	de · mv. fikken	fire
den	n	de · mv. dennen	pine, pine tree
bos	n	het · mv. bossen	wood, forest; bunch, bouquet
zon	n	de · mv. zonnen	sun, Sun
reus	n	de · mv. reuzen	giant
buil	n	de · mv. builen	a bruise, a bump; a boil, a swelling; a small, closed bag or poach
tuil	n	de · mv. tuilen	bouquet of flowers; toil, work
ruil	n	de · mv. ruilen	swap, exchange
muil	n	de · mv. muilen	an animal's mouth and muzzle or snout; a person's face; A funny, angry ... face one makes, facial expression
mout	n	de	malt
bout	n	de · mv. bouten	bolt (threaded metal cylinder); haunch, leg of an animal as food; fart
fout	n	de · mv. fouten	error, mistake; fault, defect
fout	a		wrong; unfashionable, cheesy, inappropriate
zout	n	het · mv. zouten	salt
zout	a		salted; salty (taste)
tik	n	de · mv. tikken	tick (a kind of sound); tap; slap
sik	n	de · mv. sikken	beard of a goat; a goatee or soul patch
dik	a		thick; fat; cool, nice
dik	d		fatly, thickly; well, rather, considerably
mik	n	de · mv. mikken	loaf of bread; mouth, mug; stomach (organ)
lik	n	de · mv. likken	lick (a caress with the tongue); a small amount; prison, jail
weg	n	de · mv. wegen	way, road; manner, way (figuratively)
weg	d		away; gone, disappeared; hammered
riet	n	het · mv. rieten	reed
hik	n	de · mv. hikken	hiccup
neus	n	de · mv. neuzen	nose; smell, bouquet, nose; Jew, kike
pagina	n	de · mv. pagina's	page
zeg	i		hey, used to draw the addressed person's attention; Used for emphasis, especially if the message is sudden or contrastive
heg	n	de · mv. heggen	hedge, hedgerow
wijs	a		wise
wijs	n	de · mv. wijzen	tune; mode, method, manner; mood
Gijs	m		a male given name
haas	n	de · mv. hazen	hare, lagomorph of the genus Lepus; meat of the hare, fillet; rabbit, pacesetter (runner in a distance race who sets the pace)
eend	n	de · mv. eenden	A duck, waterfowl of the family Anatidae excluding the subfamily Anserinae;…; A Citroën 2CV car
naar	p		to, towards in time, space, consequence, purpose etc
naar	a		nasty, scary; unpleasant, sickening
op	d		up; onto, up onto; so as to finish or use up
op	p		on, upon; indicates physical location; on, in, at
op	a		up, awake, out of bed; up, all gone, no more, finished; tired, exhausted
kom	n	de · mv. kommen	bowl; basin; socket (hollow part in a bone)
dom	a		dumb, brainless; stupid, silly; accidental, thoughtless
dom	n	de · mv. dommen	a duomo, either an episcopal cathedral or another major church (often a…; a dome, cupola; an ecclesiastical form of address, notably for a Benedictine priest
som	n	de · mv. sommen	sum; problem
oom	n	de · mv. ooms	uncle
ook	d		also, too, moreover; either; -ever
oor	n	het · mv. oren	ear; handle (of cup, mug)
oog	n	het · mv. ogen	eye; pip (of dice); eye of a needle
zet	n	de · mv. zetten	shove, push; move, turn (e.g. in a game)
voor	p		for; before; in front of
voor	c		before
voor	n	het · mv. voors	pro, advantage, upside, positive; furrow
boor	n	de · mv. boren	drill; boron
muur	n	de · mv. muren	wall; wall (figuratively, any barrier which limits access); a type of fast-food vending machine with compartments arranged similar to a…
puur	a		pure; neat, free from contaminants; unadulterated, undiluted
zuur	a		sour; acidic; peevish, humorless, fretful
zuur	n	het · mv. zuren	acid
duur	a		expensive, dear
duur	n	de	duration
zit	n	de · mv. zitten	the act of sitting; seat
kuur	n	de · mv. kuren	treatment, cure; mood, whim, quirk
kaas	n	de · mv. kazen	cheese
vaas	n	de · mv. vazen	vase, decorative pot or glass often used for containing severed branches or…
gaas	n	het · mv. gazen	gauze, mesh, wire gauze
vijs	n	de · mv. vijzen	screw
baas	n	de · mv. bazen	boss, chief, superior; employer, manager; boss
waas	n	het · mv. wazen	haze, mist; bloom; film
jas	n	de · mv. jassen	a coat (outer garment); a jack or knave, especially as a trump card
interregnum	n	het · mv. interregna	interregnum
heilig	a		holy; sacred
tape	n	de · mv. tapes	tape
canard	n	de · mv. canards	canard, hoax
bolide	n	de · mv. bolides	bolide; an exceptionally bright meteor; fast racing car
stol	n	de · mv. stollen	stollen
barnen	v	barnde – gebarnd	to burn
Ezra	m		Ezra (the fifteenth book of the Bible); Ezra (a Jewish high priest and Biblical character)
instrument	n	het · mv. instrumenten	instrument; musical instrument
adder	n	de · mv. adders	viper, adder (snake of the family Viperidae); common viper (Vipera berus)
adieu	i		farewell, adieu
Schelm	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
eigen	a		own, private (not shared); characteristic, typical, specific
spot	n	de	mockery; spot; a spotlight
administrator	n	de · mv. administratoren	administrator, manager (person in an administrative capacity); ecclesiastical administrator, a steward of a bishop
nonna	n	de · mv. nonna's	a (young) woman of mixed Indonesian/Malay and European descent; a young lady, a miss
advent	n	de	Advent (period from the fourth Sunday before Christmas until Christmas Eve)
Afar	m		Afar (language)
pollen	n	het	pollen
pollen	v	pollde – gepolld	to poll, to periodically check the status of a device or variable
ambulance	n	de · mv. ambulances	ambulance (emergency vehicle)
hangar	n	de · mv. hangars	hangar, a garage-like building for aircraft
concubine	n	de · mv. concubines	concubine
sabotage	n	de	sabotage
saboteur	n	de · mv. saboteurs	saboteur
aft	n	de · mv. aften	aphtha (a sore in the mucous membrane of the mouth)
joker	n	de · mv. jokers	joker (playing card); any wild card or similar, even in non-card games
agenda	n	de · mv. agenda's	a calendar (book), a diary, a booklet or other device where one notes down…; an agenda (list of matters at a meeting)
agent	n	de · mv. agenten	a police officer; a police officer of the low(est) rank, constable, junior officer; an undercover agent
register	n	het · mv. registers	a register, an index, esp. as an appendix in a book; a register, a lodger; a register, a musical range
alarm	n	het · mv. alarmen	alarm
interval	n	het · mv. intervallen	interval
ale	n	de/het	ale
alibi	n	de/het · mv. alibi's	alibi
alkali	n	het · mv. alkaliën	alkali
allure	n	de · mv. allures	air, pretension
meerkat	n	de · mv. meerkatten	a guenon, vervet, talapoin or patas; one of a number of monkeys of the genus…
chip	n	de · mv. chips	a chip (one-piece circuit or hybrid device containing a circuit and another…
aloud	a		ancient, time-honoured, from time immemorial
gnomon	n	de · mv. gnomons	gnomon
pointer	n	de · mv. pointers	pointer
amateur	n	de · mv. amateurs	amateur
blog	n	de/het · mv. blogs	blog
knot	n	de · mv. knotten	a knot, bun (of hair), skein; the top or crest (with messy branches) of certain woody plants, notably willows; a flax seed box
kam	n	de · mv. kammen	a comb, utensil to groom hair, fur etc; a ridge or comb-like structure; a cam
snack	n	de · mv. snacks	snack
amen	i		amen, so be it (at the end of a religious prayer); amen; an expression of strong agreement
amen	n	het · mv. amens	amen
America	m		a village in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
ammonia	n	de	ammonia solution
amuse	n	de · mv. amuses	appetiser, hors d'oeuvre
analyse	n	de · mv. analyses	analysis (action of taking something apart to study it); analysis (mathematical study of functions, sequences, series, limits,…
anarchist	n	de · mv. anarchisten	anarchist
sketch	n	de · mv. sketches	sketch, skit (short comic work)
rubber	n	het · mv. rubbers	rubber (pliable material derived from the sap of the rubber tree); piece of rubber used in machines; a condom
gene	r		one, person (preceded by a definite article or demonstrative); the latter, the other
Kongo	m		Congo (a major river in Central Africa which flows for about 4,380 km (2,720…; Kongo (a Bantu language)
demon	n	de · mv. demonen	genius, lar; demon
Manx	a		of, or relating to the Isle of Man and/or its Celtic people; of, or relating to Manx Gaelic
Manx	m		Manx Gaelic, the Goidelic language spoken on the Isle of Man
Maya	n	de · mv. Maya's	a Maya; a member of the Maya people
Maya	m		a female given name
carillon	n	de/het · mv. carillons	carillon
gloednieuw	a		brand new
spiksplinternieuw	a		brand new
orthodox	a		conforming to conventional norms in opinion or practice; staying close to established customs, not particularly innovative
nou	d		come on; modal particle indicating a certain degree of urgency or impatience…; modal particle expressing a certain contrast or disjuncture
nou	i		so, well; when pressing someone; well
duit	n	de · mv. duiten	an amount of money, a sum of money; money in general
pisang	n	de · mv. pisangs	weirdo (strange, odd or eccentric person); someone who is unlucky
film	n	de · mv. films	a film, thin layer or membrane; especially the physical medium film; a film production, movie
pendek	n	de · mv. pendekken	synonym of onderbroek (“underpants”)
dan	d		then, at that time (in the future); then, after that; then, in that case
dan	c		than (in comparison)
dan	p		but, except
dan	n	de · mv. dans	unit of grading proficiency of black belt or greater than black-belt in…
Sranan	m		synonym of Suriname (“Suriname”)
bord	n	het · mv. borden	plate, dish (cutlery); plank, board (as in "blackboard" (see schoolbord) or as in "chessboard" (see…; sign (traffic, etc.)
genotype	n	het · mv. genotypen	genotype
ante	n	de · mv. anten	anta, corner pilaster
apart	a		separate; unusual
huishoudhulp	n	de · mv. huishoudhulpen	household help
niche	n	de · mv. niches	a niche
trichomanie	n	de	trichotillomania
step	n	de · mv. steps	kick scooter
steppe	n	de · mv. steppes	steppe
ski	n	de · mv. ski's	ski
move	n	de · mv. moves	move (step in the execution of a plan or purpose)
farao	n	de · mv. farao's	pharaoh
roof	n	de · mv. roven	robbery, robbing, banditry, rapine; scab (on a wound)
piste	n	de · mv. pistes	racetrack for athletic contests; piste; circus ring
oven	n	de · mv. ovens	oven, furnace
fee	n	de · mv. feeën	fairy
manager	n	de · mv. managers	a manager, someone in management
sneer	n	de · mv. sneren	snide remark, dig
Åland	m		Åland
snot	n	het	snot, nasal mucus
drop	n	de · mv. droppen	droplet; licorice, especially a variety sold as small sweets/candies
tee	n	de · mv. tees	tee (flat area of ground from which players hit their first shots on a golf…
urine	n	de · mv. urines	urine
even	d		shortly, briefly; for a short period, for a while; for a moment
even	a		even, opposite of odd
nerf	n	de · mv. nerven	grain of wood; vein of a leaf
anus	n	de · mv. anussen	anus
ever	n	de · mv. evers	wild boar (Sus scrofa)
expert	n	de · mv. experts	expert
hotel	n	het · mv. hotels	hotel
hostel	n	het · mv. hostels	hostel, youth hostel
massa	n	de · mv. massa's	mass; mass, large amount; multitude, mass, throng, crowd
insecticide	n	het · mv. insecticides	pesticide
hoofdpagina	n	de · mv. hoofdpagina's	main page
gum	n	de · mv. gummen	an eraser
dessert	n	het · mv. desserten	a dessert
Castiliaans	n	het	Castilian (language spoken in Spain and Latin America)
crucifix	n	het · mv. crucifixen	a crucifix
bob	n	de · mv. bobs	bob, bobsleigh
printer	n	de · mv. printers	a printer (electronic device for printing papers or three-dimentional objects)
propeller	n	de · mv. propellers	a propeller
over	d		over, above; over (implying motion); remaining, left over
over	p		over; about, concerning; in
over	i		over (a radio procedure word meaning that the station is finished with its…
roe	n	de · mv. roes	bundle of twigs, especially in Sinterklaas folklore
uni	a		plain, monocoloured
grime	n	de · mv. grimes	professional make-up, as done by a make-up artist, particularly in the…; grime (musical genre)
Adonis	m		Adonis (beautiful young man loved by Aphrodite)
sadomasochist	n	de · mv. sadomasochisten	sadomasochist
Bloemfontein	m		Bloemfontein (a city in South Africa)
hectogram	n	de/het · mv. hectogrammen	hectogramme, hectogram (100 grammes)
eggen	v	egde – geëgd	to harrow
maart	n	de · mv. maarten	March
Duitser	n	de · mv. Duitsers	German (person)
Spaans	a		Spanish
Spaans	m		Spanish (language); a surname
Spaans	d		callously, savagely, cruelly
Griek	n	de · mv. Grieken	Greek (person)
Engels	a		English; angelical
Engels	m		English (language)
deur	n	de · mv. deuren	door
bier	n	het · mv. bieren	beer (alcoholic drink brewed from grains or other starch material); a serving of beer; a variety of beer
Japans	a		Japanese; Japonic
Japans	m		Japanese language
vandaag	d		today
vliegen	v	vloog – gevlogen	to fly; to steer an aircraft, to fly; to soar, to rush
poep	n	de · mv. poepen	a fart; shit; very
slaan	v	sloeg – geslagen	to hit, to slap; to beat, overcome; to strike
leven	v	leefde – geleefd	to live
leven	n	het · mv. levens	life (act or duration of living); life, biography (particularly, but not necessarily a hagiography); a life (a chance to play)
stuk	n	het · mv. stukken	a piece, part, share (of a whole); a theatrical piece, play, skit; a document (especially official)
stuk	a		broken, rendered useless; out of order
Chinees	m		Chinese (language)
Chinees	a		Chinese
Chinees	n	de · mv. Chinezen	a Chinese person; a Chinese or Chinese-Indonesian restaurant; Chinese food
vrucht	n	de · mv. vruchten	fruit (often edible, seed-bearing part of a plant); fruit, i.e. produce, yield, result; fear
lok	n	de · mv. lokken	lock of hair; one curl in hair of the head, confer goldilocks; hole
Italiaans	a		Italian
Italiaans	m		Italian (Romance language spoken in Italy)
ijzer	n	het · mv. ijzers	iron (metal); iron bar or tool
zwijn	n	het · mv. zwijnen	pig; swine, fiend (of a person); bicycle
aarde	n	de · mv. aardes	earth, soil, ground; earth, ground
nagel	n	de · mv. nagels	a nail (on the fingers or toes); a nail, a spike-shaped, usually metal fastener used for joining wood or…
rennen	v	rende – gerend	to run, to move fast
Kroatisch	a		Croatian
Kroatisch	m		Croatian (language)
groen	a		green; pertaining to terrestrial nature; green, relating to green parties, green politics or sustainability in general
groen	n	het	the colour green; greenery, verdure
dier	n	het · mv. dieren	animal (any member of the kingdom Animalia)
dier	t		her, their, the latter's (genitive feminine singular and genitive plural of die)
sinaasappel	n	de · mv. sinaasappelen	orange (fruit)
nap	n	de · mv. nappen	drinking cup
roots	n		roots (ancestry, origin)
inverse	n	de · mv. inversen	inverse
ADHD	n	de	attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
MRI	n	de · mv. MRI's	magnetic resonance imaging
Bratislava	m		Bratislava (the capital city of Slovakia)
pest	n	de	a plague, pest, pestilence; a specific bovine plague; an obnoxious person
pesticide	n	het · mv. pesticides	pesticide
cacao	n	de	cocoa
eg	n	de · mv. eggen	harrow
dos	n	de · mv. dossen	garb, clothing, especially extravagant or unusual clothes; pelt, fur; patch of hair, especially one's headhair
coma	n	het · mv. coma's	coma (state of unconsciousness); coma (head of a comet)
essay	n	het · mv. essays	essay
nor	n		jail, prison; imprisonment
single	n	de · mv. singles	a single (short music record, e.g. 45 RPM vinyl with an A side and a B side;…; a single (person without a romantic partner)
single	a		single (without a romantic partner)
sleet	n	de	wear
panna	n	de · mv. panna's	a nutmeg, a tunnel (act of passing a ball between an opponent's legs while…
T-shirt	n	het · mv. T-shirts	T-shirt
schade	n	de	damage, detrimental effect
arcade	n	de · mv. arcaden	arcade (array of arches)
Thomas	m		Thomas (biblical figure); a male given name of biblical origin; a surname originating as a patronymic
parameter	n	de · mv. parameters	parameter
cheers	i		cheers (toast)
toast	n	de · mv. toasts	Melba toast
bottom	n	de · mv. bottoms	bottom (passive or submissive role in sexual relations)
alcohol	n	de · mv. alcoholen	alcohol (class of compounds); alcohol (ethanol specifically); alcoholic beverages, collectively
tattoo	n	de · mv. tattoos	tattoo
hectare	n	de · mv. hectaren	hectare
liter	n	de · mv. liters	litre
hobo	n	de · mv. hobo's	oboe (woodwind)
component	n	de · mv. componenten	component
defect	a		broken, not working
defect	n	het · mv. defecten	a defect
crêpe	n	de · mv. crêpes	crepe (thin pancake); crepe (soft thin light fabric with a crinkled surface)
pap	n	de · mv. pappen	mush; porridge; pa, dad
racist	n	de · mv. racisten	racist
stage	n	de · mv. stages	probation, induction; apprenticeship; internship
prop	n	de · mv. proppen	a swab, plug made of paper, cloth, slime or some other suitable material; a piece of paper or similar which has been crumpled into a ball-like shape,…; an embolism
coach	n	de · mv. coaches	trainer, instructor, tutor, coach; counselor
trainer	n	de · mv. trainers	trainer; coach
Bern	m		Bern (the capital city of Switzerland; the capital city of Bern canton); Bern (a canton of Switzerland)
hoe	d		how
hoe	c		the ... the, forms a parallel comparative
shovel	n	de · mv. shovels	loader (tractor with a scoop)
Uranus	m		Uranus (planet); Uranus (Greek god)
Pluto	m		Pluto (god of the underworld); Pluto (dwarf planet, former planet)
cowboy	n	de · mv. cowboys	cowboy
kebab	n	de	kebab (seasoned meat grilled on a spit), esp. doner kebab
gyros	n	de	gyro (Greek sandwich)
whisky	n	de · mv. whisky's	whisky, whiskey
whiskey	n	de · mv. whiskeys	whiskey
parsec	n	de · mv. parsecs	parsec
object	n	het · mv. objecten	object, item; object
bistro	n	de · mv. bistro's	a bistro, a diner (particularly in a French style)
bruschetta	n	de · mv. bruschetta's	bruschetta
hoeden	v	hoedde – gehoed	to tend, to look after, to take care of; to beware of, to guard against, to prevent
Socrates	m		Socrates
malt	n	de/het · mv. malts	malt beer
leek	n	de · mv. leken	layman, non-clergyman; layman, non-expert, amateur; small body of water, like a pool
leek	a		lay, worldly, secular, profane
beagle	n	de · mv. beagles	beagle (hound)
pester	n	de · mv. pesters	a bully (person who bullies or pesters somebody)
chateau	n	het · mv. chateaus	château
email	n	het	enamel; tincture
porno	n	de	porn
porno	a		hot, attractive, sexy
broom	n	het	bromine
tech	n	de	tech (technology), particularly high-tech or digital technology
diet	n	het	folk, people; the combined Flemish, Dutch and Afrikaner people
odo	n	de · mv. odo's	an African Surinamese proverb
toga	n	de · mv. toga's	a gown worn by academics, Christian priests or ministers, and certain…
wie	r		who, whom; the one who, whoever
deva	n	de · mv. deva's	deva, a Hindu or Buddhist deity
snob	n	de · mv. snobs	snob
bolus	n	de · mv. bolussen	a sweet, soft pastry containing cinnamon from Zeeland, originating from…; a turd, a pat; a type of fat clay
marimba	n	de · mv. marimba's	marimba
tornado	n	de · mv. tornado's	tornado
gamer	n	de · mv. gamers	a gamer, someone who plays video games
lover	n	het · mv. lovers	foliage
wonder	n	het · mv. wonderen	wonder, miracle
pasta	n	de · mv. pasta's	paste; pasta
starter	n	de · mv. starters	first-time home buyer; start-up
tsunami	n	de · mv. tsunami's	tsunami
pro	n	het · mv. pro's	pro (advantage of something); pro (person who supports a concept or principle); pro (professional)
pro	p		pro (in favor of)
term	n	de · mv. termen	term; a word or phrase, especially one from a specialised area of knowledge; one of the addends in a sum
umlaut	n	de · mv. umlauten	umlaut
bemoeial	n	de · mv. bemoeiallen	a busybody, a meddlesome person
tong	n	de · mv. tongen	tongue; sole (Solea solea)
rok	n	de · mv. rokken	skirt (clothing); full dress, white tie (formal clothing); layer on a bulb such as an onion
stern	n	de · mv. sterns	tern
umami	n	de	umami
ufo	n	de · mv. ufo's	UFO (all meanings)
lo	n	de · mv. lo's	matrilineal clan within a Maroon tribe
smart	n	de · mv. smarten	pain, sorrow, grief
hangslot	n	het · mv. hangsloten	padlock
psyche	n	de · mv. psyches	psyche, soul, spirit
pax	n	de	soldier, private
Paul	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Paul
bonus	n	de · mv. bonussen	a bonus, an extra or premium; Any one-off gain; good marks in a rating scale, notably to calculate an insurance premium…
filter	n	de/het · mv. filters	a filter (dense mesh or fabric used for filtration); a cigarette filter; a light filter
actrice	n	de · mv. actrices	actress
vicissitude	n	de · mv. vicissitudes	vicissitude
adagio	n	het · mv. adagios	adage; adagio
adagio	d		adagio
adagio	a		describing a passage having this mark
sub	n	de · mv. subs	submarine, sub
Keulen	m		Cologne (the largest city in North Rhine-Westphalia, in western Germany)
super	d		very, extremely, super
super	a		great, super
tenor	n	de · mv. tenoren	tenor
alto	n	de · mv. alto's	someone who participates in an alternative subculture (e.g. a hipster, emo…
like	n	de · mv. likes	like
like	c		like, as though, such as; like, as, the way
fix	n	de · mv. fixes	fix (single dose of a narcotic drug); fix (something that satisfies a yearning or a craving)
palindroom	n	het · mv. palindromen	palindrome
senior	n	de · mv. senioren	elderly person, senior citizen; senior (higher-ranked person, for example in job titles)
junior	n	de · mv. junioren	junior (younger or lower-ranked person, for example in job titles)
pogrom	n	de · mv. pogroms	pogrom
eufemisme	n	het · mv. eufemismen	euphemism
sexy	a		sexy
agio	n	het · mv. agio's	agio
agitator	n	de · mv. agitators	an agitator, one who stirs up unrest, a demagogue
duplex	n	de · mv. duplexen	duplex (house made up of two dwelling units)
hol	n	het · mv. holen	a hole, hollow, cavity; a cargo hold; an anus, arsehole
hol	a		hollow, having an empty space inside
kit	n	de · mv. kitten	metal can, used mainly for coal; sealant; set of tools
barf	n	de	vomit
barf	i		Expression of disgust, as if one has to vomit
gaan	v	ging – gegaan	to go, to move from one place to another; to leave or depart, to move away; to lead (in a direction)
cataract	n	de · mv. cataracten	cataract, waterfall; cataract
jade	n	de/het	jade
gong	n	de · mv. gongs	gong (disc-shaped metal percussion instrument)
data	n		data, information
courgette	n	de · mv. courgettes	a courgette, a zucchini (fruit); the courgette plant, a variety of Cucurbita pepo
placenta	n	de · mv. placentae	placenta
madam	n	de · mv. madammen	madam, lady; madam, female counterpart of a pimp
med	n	de · mv. meds	Medication(s)
duet	n	het · mv. duetten	a duet (musical piece performed by two players or two singers); a ballet routine performed by two dancers
Spaanse	n	de · mv. Spaansen	female Spanish person
Purmerend	m		Purmerend (a city and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands)
zwaard	n	het · mv. zwaarden	a sword, heavy blade weapon; a leeboard
kamer	n	de · mv. kamers	a bedroom; a living room; a non-campus residence for students
albatros	n	de · mv. albatrossen	albatross, seabird of the family Diomedeidae
albino	n	de · mv. albino's	albino: person or animal congenitally lacking melanin pigmentation in the…
albino	a		albino, albinistic: congenitally lacking melanin pigmentation in the skin,…
album	n	het · mv. albums	album (book of photographs, stamps, or autographs); album (vinyl record or group of audio recordings in any media)
student	n	de · mv. studenten	a student at an institute for academic tertiary education
monster	n	het · mv. monsters	a monster, terrifying and dangerous creature; an extremely antisocial person, especially a criminal; sample
sabel	n	de · mv. sabels	sabre (Commonwealth), saber (US) (sword with a narrow, slightly curved blade); sable (Martes zibellina); sable, the colour black
golem	n	de · mv. golems	a golem, a clay automaton
engel	n	de · mv. engelen	angel
por	n	de · mv. porren	a poke, jab
para	n	de · mv. para's	para (paratrooper)
para	a		synonym of paranoïde
bravo	i		bravo!
io	i		io (exclamation of triumph)
zee	n	de · mv. zeeën	sea; sea (a vast mass, expanse; multitude)
ego	n	het · mv. ego's	ego, self
amulet	n	de/het · mv. amuletten	amulet, talisman
Claudia	m		a female given name
web	n	het · mv. webben	web (spiderweb); the Web, the World Wide Web
zuigeling	n	de · mv. zuigelingen	suckling, infant which isn't weaned yet
hermitage	n	de · mv. hermitages	hermitage (dwelling of a hermit)
protest	n	het · mv. protesten	protest (occasion to express dissatisfaction); protest (expression of disagreement)
wade	n	de · mv. waden	popliteus; shroud; type of trawl
royal	n	de · mv. royals	royal
badge	n	de/het · mv. badges	a badge, a distinctive mark, token or sign on clothing; a badge, a card granting access
frank	a		frank, candid, blunt, open-hearted
bogen	v	boogde – geboogd	to claim recognition; to (cause to) bend
regen	n	de · mv. regens	rain
sherry	n	de · mv. sherry's	sherry
gent	n	de · mv. genten	gander, male goose; bird of the Sulidae family
boef	n	de · mv. boeven	crook, thief, thug; rascal, scamp
Orden	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
dab	n	de	the dab (hip-hop dance move)
lab	n	het · mv. labs	lab
sampi	n	de · mv. sampi's	sampi (archaic Greek letter)
bromide	n	de	bromide; bromide (sedative)
fax	n	de · mv. faxen	fax
virus	n	het · mv. virussen	virus; virus (computer virus)
Armeens	a		Armenian
Armeens	m		Armenian (language)
metro	n	de · mv. metro's	an underground railway or underground-railway system, a subway, a metro; an underground-railway train
tour	n	de · mv. tours	tour (journey through a particular building, estate, country, etc.); tour (journey through a given list of places, such as by an entertainer…
limousine	n	de · mv. limousines	limousine (luxury sedan)
abo	n	het · mv. abo's	subscription
abt	n	de · mv. abten	an abbot, monastic superior of an abbey
moot	n	de · mv. moten	a thick slice or a cut, especially of fish; a chunk of any whole; a part
brand	n	de · mv. branden	destructive, catastrophic fire (such as a house fire)
les	n	de · mv. lessen	course, lesson
koppa	n	de · mv. koppa's	koppa (letter of the Greek alphabet)
trias	n	de · mv. triaden	triad
keeper	n	de · mv. keepers	keeper, goalie
eten	v	at – gegeten	to eat
eten	n	het	food; dinner
gate	n	de · mv. gates	airport gate; scandal
breve	n	de · mv. breves	breve
kea	n	de · mv. kea's	the kea, Nestor notabilis
falafel	n	de · mv. falafels	falafel
niente	r		nothing
tribade	n	de · mv. tribades	lesbian, tribade
Odessa	m		Odessa, a city and oblast in Ukraine
Texas	m		Texas (a state in the south-central region of the United States)
bacon	n	de/het	back bacon
fragment	n	het · mv. fragmenten	a fragment, broken portion; a fragment, part of a work (whether due to selection or incompleteness)
pardon	i		I'm sorry, pardon
pardon	n	het · mv. pardons	pardon, clemency
cult	n	de · mv. cults	cult (socially proscribed marginal religious group)
clochard	n	de · mv. clochards	vagrant, tramp, bum
conform	p		in accordance with, according to
Babylon	m		Babylon (an ancient city, the ancient capital of Babylonia in modern Iraq,…
vast	a		firm, fast, tight; fixed, not moving or changing; stuck, unable to get out
vast	d		surely, certainly; sure, yeah, right
manoeuvre	n	de/het · mv. manoeuvres	maneuver (movement of a vehicle); maneuver (movement of military troops); maneuver (movement of the body)
Maleis	a		Malay, relating to people and/or language
Maleis	m		the Malay language
diner	n	het · mv. diners	dinner, supper
serre	n	de · mv. serres	conservatory room (greenhouse or winter garden, usually as part of a house)
première	n	de · mv. premières	premiere
kumquat	n	de · mv. kumquats	kumquat
wichtig	a		important, significant, weighty; of importance, of significance
coup	n	de · mv. coups	a coup, a coup d'état, a putsch; a coup, a quick, surprising, brilliant move or action
anno	d		in the year
clou	n	de · mv. clous	punch line
hooligan	n	de · mv. hooligans	hooligan
incident	n	het · mv. incidenten	an incident
Peter	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Peter
cru	a		crude, coarse
jus	n	de · mv. jus	gravy
plu	n	de · mv. plu's	umbrella, brolly
bachelor	n	de · mv. bachelors	a bachelor's degree; the first or lowest academic degree conferred by…; a bachelor, someone who has achieved a bachelor's degree
tumor	n	de · mv. tumoren	tumour, swelling
kot	n	het · mv. kotten	bad, ramshackle housing; rudimentary building to store (garden) material
lis	n	de/het · mv. lissen	iris (plant of the genus Iris)
clan	n	de · mv. clans	clan, kin group, esp. in relation to the Scottish Highlands or Scotland in…; a group of gamers playing on the same team, a clan
triskelion	n	het · mv. triskelions	triskelion; a figure composed of three interlocked spirals (or three bent…
monitor	n	de · mv. monitors	screen, display; speaker boxes for monitoring sound, on stage directed at musicians or aimed…
cabriolet	n	de · mv. cabrioletten	cabriolet, convertible (car with a convertible top); cabriolet (light carriage with a convertible top, drawn by one horse)
tachyon	n	het · mv. tachyonen	tachyon
Jap	n	de · mv. Jappen	a Jap, a Japanese person
incest	n	de	incest
present	a		present (not absent)
present	n	het · mv. presenten	present, gift
schwul	a		homosexual
trans	a		trans (transgender or transsexual)
trans	n	de · mv. transen	transgender person
vagina	n	de · mv. vagina's	vagina
trant	n	de	manner
trapezium	n	het · mv. trapeziums	trapezium, trapezoid (four-sided shape with no sides parallel and no equal…
occasion	n	de · mv. occasions	secondhand automobile
ode	n	de · mv. odes	ode (lyrical poem, usually in praise of something or someone)
omelet	n	de · mv. omeletten	omelette
onager	n	de · mv. onagers	onager, Asiatic wild ass, Equus hemionus
pact	n	het · mv. pacten	pact
pad	n	het · mv. paden	path (narrow road, usually unpaved); toad (an amphibian of the order Anura similar to a frog with shorter legs…; the slot in the frame that accepts the axle of the wheel
page	n	de · mv. pages	a page, a butterfly of the family Papilionidae; page (sheet of paper)
park	n	het · mv. parken	park
architect	n	de · mv. architecten	architect
professor	n	de · mv. professoren	professor
performance	n	de · mv. performances	performance (act of performing); performance (that which is performed or accomplished); performance (live show)
pirouette	n	de · mv. pirouettes	pirouette
taxi	n	de · mv. taxi's	a taxi
quagga	n	de · mv. quagga's	quagga (Equus quagga quagga)
quotum	n	het · mv. quota	quota, quotum
quota	n	de · mv. quota's	synonym of quotum
mes	n	het · mv. messen	knife, cleaver; blade
waag	n	de · mv. wagen	weighing scales; place (building) where goods are weighed; wave
maestro	n	de · mv. maestro's	maestro (master in some art, especially a composer or conductor)
bleu	a		timid, shy
libel	n	de · mv. libellen	dragonfly, insect of the infraorder Anisoptera; dragonfly or damselfly, insect of the order Odonata; booklet, notably a libel (defamatory writing)
belligerent	a		belligerent, engaged in warfare
belligerent	n	de · mv. belligerenten	a belligerent, armed party in warfare
formule	n	de · mv. formules	formula; phrase, formulation
Adam	m		Adam (Biblical character, mythological first man); a male given name from Hebrew
ma	n	de · mv. ma's	mother
clown	n	de · mv. clowns	clown (entertainer)
ayatollah	n	de · mv. ayatollahs	a religious leader in Twelver Shi'ism; highest grade of theological scholarship in Shi'ism; a (thought) leader or key figure in general
part	n	het · mv. parten	part
azalea	n	de · mv. azalea's	azalea (plant of the obsolete genus Azalea)
axolotl	n	de · mv. axolotls	axolotl
trema	n	het · mv. trema's	diaeresis, trema
avifauna	n	de · mv. avifauna's	avifauna, bird fauna; the birdlife of an area; a book about bird fauna
benzine	n	de	petrol, gas, gasoline (fuel containing alkanes)
golf	n	de · mv. golven	wave; gulf; golf
sec	a		dry; simple, plain, matter-of-fact, without adornment
jazz	n	de	jazz
bokken	v	bokte – gebokt	to buck, said of a quadruped, e.g. a horse: to leap upward while arching its…; to react to opposition or adversity grumpily and capriciously, like a…
geep	n	de · mv. gepen	garfish
maker	n	de · mv. makers	maker (person or thing that makes, produces or repairs something)
dossier	n	het · mv. dossiers	dossier; file, physical collection of documentation
sauna	n	de · mv. sauna's	sauna; a session in a sauna
val	n	de · mv. vallen	a fall (act or event of falling); a downfall, demise; a physical trap, snare
tra	n	de · mv. tra's	path in the forest, trail; firebreak
chauffeur	n	de · mv. chauffeurs	driver (person who drives a motorized vehicle, such as a car or a bus;…
zo	d		so, thus, like that/this; so, that, to such an extent; as .. as
zo	c		if
sup	n	de · mv. sups	a standup paddleboard
Andreas	m		Andrew (apostle, brother of the apostle Peter); a male given name from Ancient Greek, equivalent to English Andrew
frigo	n	de · mv. frigo's	fridge, refrigerator
oxide	n	het · mv. oxiden	oxide
pal	n	de · mv. pallen	catch (mechanism which stops something from moving the wrong way)
pal	d		firm, firmly; right, immediately
column	n	de · mv. columns	a recurring opinion piece in a newspaper or magazine; a column
spaghetti	n	de	spaghetti
mat	n	de · mv. matten	rug, mat; mullet; checkmate
mat	a		matte, not reflecting light; dull, uninteresting
nest	n	het · mv. nesten	a nest (place to hatch young, especially bird structure); a nest (residence; retreat
joystick	n	de · mv. joysticks	joystick (mechanical control device); tiller extension (attachment to the tiller)
silo	n	de · mv. silo's	a silo (building for storage)
enigma	n	het · mv. enigma's	enigma
eigenvector	n	de · mv. eigenvectoren	eigenvector
mier	n	de · mv. mieren	ant; insignificant individual
rest	n	de · mv. resten	rest (that which remains)
plat	a		flat; of soft consistency; a flat surface
plat	n	het · mv. platten	dialect; one’s local dialect
brie	n	de	brie (variety of French cheese)
bladder	n	de · mv. bladders	blister, particularly of paint
baker	n	de · mv. bakers	a midwife; one who helps women in childbirth with deliveries
visum	n	het · mv. visa	visa (permit for entering or leaving a country)
discriminant	n	de · mv. discriminanten	discriminant
brada	n	de · mv. brada's	bro, friend
reis	n	de · mv. reizen	travel; trip, tour
autobus	n	de · mv. autobussen	bus, coach (vehicle)
Mercurius	m		the planet Mercury; Mercury, the Roman god
David	m		David; a male given name from Hebrew, equivalent to English David; a surname originating as a patronymic
des	n	de · mv. dessen	D-flat; DES (diethylstilbestrol)
des	c		the ... the (used with te as an intensifier to indicate the degree of an action)
exploit	n	het · mv. exploiten	a legal document which proves that another document has been handed over to…; exploit
klipspringer	n	de · mv. klipspringers	the klipspringer, Oreotragus oreotragus
springbok	n	de · mv. springbokken	the springbok, Antidorcas marsupialis
dot	n	de · mv. dotten	a tuft, a bunch, a clump; a lot, a large amount; cutie, something small and adorable
diameter	n	de · mv. diameters	diameter (length of diametrical chord); diameter (diametrical chord)
rare	n	de · mv. raren	weird person
kopje	n	het · mv. kopjes	an act of rubbing one's face on someone or something to spread pheromones
database	n	de · mv. databases	database
fez	n	de · mv. fezzen	fez
cappuccino	n	de · mv. cappuccino's	cappuccino
gallon	n	de/het	gallon
geelwortel	n	de · mv. geelwortels	Curcuma longa, turmeric (spice, plant); Xanthorhiza simplicissima, yellowroot
senator	n	de · mv. senatoren	senator
testament	n	het · mv. testamenten	testament (document containing a person's will); testament (part of the Bible)
waterproof	a		waterproof
waterproof	n	de · mv. waterproofs	waterproof object; waterproof material
chinchilla	n	de · mv. chinchilla's	chinchilla, rodent of the genus Chinchilla; lesser chinchilla, long-tailed chinchilla, Chinchilla lanigera; chinchilla fur
kraken	v	kraakte – gekraakt	to crack, break open (a shell); to make a creaky sound, like something being cracked; to break up into (chemical) components
Estisch	m		Estonian (language)
keel	n	de · mv. kelen	throat; gules, the blazoning term for the color red
cheat	n	de · mv. cheats	cheat (unfair advantage in a computer game)
buldog	n	de · mv. buldoggen	a bulldog
babbelen	v	babbelde – gebabbeld	to chatter, to chit-chat, to talk casually
biltong	n	de · mv. biltongen	biltong
disco	n	de · mv. disco's	a discotheque, a nightclub; Disco (genre of dance music)
Jacob	m		a male given name from Hebrew, equivalent to English Jacob or James
seder	n	de · mv. seders	seder (Passover meal); seder (portion of the Torah or Mishnah)
yo	i		yo (informal greeting, interjection similar to hey)
veertig	u		forty
vijftig	u		fifty
zestig	u		sixty
zeventig	u		seventy
skink	n	de · mv. skinken	a skink, any lizard of the family Scincidae
protocol	n	het · mv. protocols	protocol (collection of rules and procedures); protocol (book containing official documents); protocol (official record of minutes or agreements)
opium	n	de/het	opium
twist	n	de	strife, discord; dispute; twist: dance, turn
gibbon	n	de · mv. gibbons	gibbon, primate of the family Hylobatidae
frame	n	het · mv. frames	frame
frequent	a		frequent
modern	a		modern
grip	n	de · mv. grippen	hold (to ensure control)
moi	i		greeting, hi; valediction, bye
moi	r		me
judoka	n	de · mv. judoka's	judoka
zombie	n	de · mv. zombies	zombie
geestdrift	n	de	enthusiasm, passion
brownie	n	de · mv. brownies	brownie (cake)
snorkel	n	de · mv. snorkels	snorkel (swimming gear, breathing tube); submarine snorkel, snort
tam	a		tame, not wild; boring, unexciting, bland
jak	n	de · mv. jaks	yak, the ox-like Himalayan bovine, Bos grunniens; tight upper body garment
yell	n	de · mv. yells	yell, a slogan to be shouted, especially in sports or games (e.g. by…
januari	n	de · mv. januari's	January
februari	n	de	February
oktober	n	de · mv. oktobers	October (the tenth month of the Gregorian calendar, following September and…
oligarchie	n	de · mv. oligarchieën	oligarchy
tot	p		to, up to; until
tot	c		until, till
milieu	n	het · mv. milieus	environment; milieu
rank	a		slender, svelte
rank	n	de · mv. ranken	tendril, a thin winding stem; name of various vines; an object or ornamental pattern resembling a stem
pocket	n	de · mv. pockets	a pocketbook, a portable book of compact size, usually a paperback
schaduw	n	de · mv. schaduwen	shade; shadow; blemish
contact	n	het · mv. contacten	physical contact, touching; contact (close association); contact (communication, exchange)
surprise	n	de · mv. surprises	a gift wrapped in an ingenious or creative manner; often given anonymously…; a surprise gift
loden	a		leaden, made of lead
tag	n	het · mv. tags	tag
intellect	n	het · mv. intellecten	intellect
camper	n	de · mv. campers	a camper (recreational vehicle), a motor home
blogger	n	de · mv. bloggers	blogger
lier	n	de · mv. lieren	lyre; hurdy-gurdy, wheel fiddle; winch
flop	n	de · mv. floppen	a failure, something that went wrong
diskette	n	de · mv. diskettes	floppy disk, diskette
Miriam	m		a female given name, variant of Mirjam
zeef	n	de · mv. zeven	screen, sieve
slot	n	het · mv. sloten	lock (something used for fastening); castle; end, conclusion, final
boxer	n	de · mv. boxers	boxer (dog); boxer engine
lipstick	n	de · mv. lipsticks	lipstick
hip	a		genteel (stylish, elegant); fashionable (characteristic of or influenced by a current popular trend or…
inhale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inhalen
embryo	n	het · mv. embryo's	embryo
kuit	n	de · mv. kuiten	calf, fleshy part of the lower leg; the corresponding part of a sock or stocking; spawn, roe (fish eggs)
fresco	n	het · mv. fresco's	fresco
pere	n	de · mv. peren	father
gist	n	de · mv. gisten	yeast
plot	n	de/het · mv. plots	plot (course of a story); plot (graph or diagram)
pentagram	n	het · mv. pentagrammen	pentagram (shape of five-pointed star)
soap	n	de · mv. soaps	soap opera
mild	a		mild
soft	a		soft, gentle
terrorist	n	de · mv. terroristen	a terrorist
station	n	het · mv. stations	station (place for vehicles to stop); disk drive; radio station or television station
mascara	n	de · mv. mascara's	mascara
pus	n	de/het	pus (whitish-yellow bodily substance)
barrel	n	de · mv. barrels	standard oil barrel (barrel containing roughly 159 litres or 42 US gallons); jalopy (dilapidated, old or mediocre vehicle; in Dutch also used of bicycles)
mong	n	de · mv. mongs	mong, shortened version of mongool
moa	n	de · mv. moa's	moa (extinct bird of the family †Dinornithidae)
cultivar	n	de · mv. cultivars	cultivar
laden	v	laadde – geladen	to load (cargo, a weapon, data); to charge (with electricity); to convocate
acne	n	de	acne
charge	n	de · mv. charges	a charge (fast ground attack)
editor	n	de · mv. editors	editor (computer program to edit text documents)
collier	n	de/het · mv. colliers	necklace
significant	a		significant
boiler	n	de · mv. boilers	water heater
foyer	n	de · mv. foyers	foyer (lobby, waiting room or parlour)
strand	n	het · mv. stranden	beach, strand
record	n	het · mv. records	a record, a best achievement; a record, something recorded on an electronic storage medium; a data point in a database
col	n	de · mv. cols	turtleneck (high, close-fitting collar); mountain pass; glue
cider	n	de · mv. ciders	cider
haver	n	de	any wild species or cultivar of the genus Avena; Avena sativa, the cereal oat
vest	n	de · mv. vesten	fortified wall, city wall; moat; boulevard
vet	a		fat; greasy; emphatical, (in print) bold
vet	n	het · mv. vetten	fat; grease
vet	d		very
these	n	de · mv. theses	statement, thesis, proposition; thesis (lengthy essay)
Tbilisi	m		Tbilisi (the capital city of Georgia)
rap	a		quick, fast
rap	n	de	rap music
joint	n	de · mv. joints	joint, marijuana cigarette (generally larger than a stickie)
eek	n	de · mv. eken	oak bark
bever	n	de · mv. bevers	beaver (rodent of the genus Castor); European beaver (Castor fiber)
salet	n	het · mv. saletten	a salon, a small room where one receives guests
later	a		having to do with or occurring in the future
later	d		later; in the future
later	i		bye, later
kamikaze	n	de · mv. kamikazes	kamikaze (attack requiring the suicide of the one carrying it out,…; kamikaze (one who carries out a suicide attack, especially with an aircraft)
wig	n	de · mv. wiggen	wedge
rumba	n	de · mv. rumba's	rumba
target	n	het · mv. targets	target (goal or objective)
glottis	n	de · mv. glottissen	glottis
wees	n	de · mv. wezen	an orphan, person or animal having survived both parents; an orphaned one, left out of a sequence
underdog	n	de · mv. underdogs	underdog (competitor or someone at a disadvantage)
bard	n	de · mv. barden	bard, Celtic poet, singer
hacker	n	de · mv. hackers	a hacker
lei	n	de · mv. leien	slate (material); slate (object)
level	n	het · mv. levels	level (segment of a game); level (numeric value quantifying an ability, a character or an item)
mist	n	de · mv. misten	fog, mist
transfer	n	de/het · mv. transfers	transfer
Robert	m		a male given name
Alexandra	m		a female given name from Ancient Greek, equivalent to English Alexandra
Tim	m		a male given name
malle	n	de · mv. mallen	someone who acts silly
palaver	n	het · mv. palavers	A discussion or debate
hadji	n	de · mv. hadji's	hajji
quark	n	de · mv. quarks	quark
mix	n	de · mv. mixen	mix, mixture; hybrid
studio	n	de · mv. studio's	a studio flat/apartment; studio (place where radio or television programs, records or films are made)
loot	n	de · mv. loten	a sprout, shoot, stem etc. growing on an existing plant part; a descendant, offspring; something originating, growing, developing from another
ion	n	het · mv. ionen	ion (charged atom or compound)
stereo	a		stereo, stereophonic
stereo	d		stereo, stereophonically
stereo	n	de · mv. stereo's	a stereo set, a stereo installation
baculum	n	het · mv. bacula	penis bone
stress	n	de	stress
pylon	n	de · mv. pylonnen	a traffic cone
manja	n	de · mv. manja's	mango; mango tree, Mangifera indica
dingo	n	de · mv. dingo's	dingo, Canis lupus dingo (Australian wild dog)
model	n	het · mv. modellen	model (type, design); model (someone or something serving as an artistic subject); model (simplified representation)
guy	n	de · mv. guys	guy
glucose	n	de	glucose
sucrose	n	de	sucrose
fructose	n	de	fructose
funk	n	de	funk (music style)
musket	n	het · mv. musketten	musket; hundreds and thousands, nonpareils, tiny sprinkles
primer	n	de · mv. primers	primer (substance used to prime wood, metal, etc. in preparation for painting); primer (layer of makeup that goes beneath the foundation; undermakeup)
mest	n	de/het	dung; fertilizer
resort	n	het · mv. resorts	a resort (place with recreational environment for holidays)
redundant	a		redundant
bounty	n	de · mv. bounty's	A black person who acts and speaks like a white person
cannabis	n	de	cannabis, plant of the genus Cannabis, especially Cannabis sativa or…; cannabis, a drug made from parts of this plant
bint	n	het · mv. binten	heavy wooden beam, especially as part of a roof; several beams, forming the structure of a building or a roof
ark	n	de · mv. arken	ark (ark of the covenant); ark (ship); houseboat
yen	n	de · mv. yens	yen, Japanese monetary unit and coin
stoned	a		stoned, high (under the influence of drugs, especially recreational drugs)
recalcitrant	a		recalcitrant
client	n	de · mv. clients	client
bouquet	n	het · mv. bouquets	aroma, bouquet (scent of wine)
serf	n	de · mv. serven	a serf (semifree peasant obliged to remain on the lord's land and to perform…
malaria	n	de	malaria
marketing	n	de	marketing (promotion, distribution and selling of a product or service; the…
aster	n	de · mv. asters	aster, flowering plant of the genus Aster; a flower from this plant
mamba	n	de · mv. mamba's	a mamba, venomous snake of the genus Dendroaspis
ginder	d		yonder; there; used to indicate something that is not here
ginds	d		over there, yonder
perk	n	het · mv. perken	a delimited piece of ground, e.g. a flowerbed
contract	n	het · mv. contracten	contract
export	n	de · mv. exporten	export
conflict	n	het · mv. conflicten	a conflict, clash or dispute
stemming	n	de · mv. stemmingen	mood, atmosphere; vote, ballot (act or instance of voting); tuning, intonation
wild	a		wild
wild	n	het	game (food; animals hunted for meat); wildlife
master	n	de · mv. masters	a master, boss, superior; a ruler, sovereign; a master's degree
helper	n	de · mv. helpers	one who helps, gives aid; deputy, assistant, aide, flunky
excellent	a		excellent, splendid
rage	n	de · mv. rages	craze, fad, fashion
opera	n	de · mv. opera's	opera
team	n	het · mv. teams	team (group of people)
eureka	i		eureka
yurt	n	de · mv. yurts	yurt
circa	p		circa: about, approximately
circa	d		circa: about, approximately
baryon	n	het · mv. baryonen	baryon
joh	i		Used to address someone, somewhat like dude or mate
sport	n	de · mv. sporten	a sport; (uncountable) sports; rung, step on a ladder
shag	n	de	shag (coarse shredded tobacco)
plug	n	de · mv. pluggen	wall plug (used to hold nails and screws)
genre	n	het · mv. genres	kind, type, genre
elegant	a		elegant
codicil	n	het · mv. codicillen	codicil
wheelie	n	de · mv. wheelies	wheelie (action or stunt where a bicycle, motorcycle, or other vehicle is…
ouzo	n	de · mv. ouzo's	ouzo
verachten	v	verachtte – veracht	to scorn, to despise, to abominate
verafschuwen	v	verafschuwde – verafschuwd	to loathe, detest, abominate
blitzkrieg	n	de	blitzkrieg
seppuku	n	de	seppuku
Orion	m		Orion
dapper	a		brave, courageous
doen	v	deed – gedaan	to do; to put; to cause to, to make
doen	n	het	routine
triage	n	de	triage (sorting of patients); selection, sorting, choosing
anagram	n	het · mv. anagrammen	anagram
Alex	m		a male given name
imam	n	de · mv. imams	imam
Ecuadoraan	n	de · mv. Ecuadoranen	Ecuadorian (person from Ecuador)
Europa	m		Europe (a continent located west of Asia and north of Africa); Europa (a moon in Jupiter); Europa (several characters, most notably a Phoenician princess abducted to…
kloof	n	de · mv. kloven	gap, gorge, ravine
hals	n	de · mv. halzen	the neck; the front side of the neck; throat
dirk	n	de · mv. dirken	topping lift
kris	n	de · mv. krissen	kris (Indonesian or Malay with a wavy blade)
cocktail	n	de · mv. cocktails	cocktail
sax	n	de · mv. saxen	sax, short sword, dagger; sax, saxophone
pook	n	de · mv. poken	poker (stick to kindle the fire in a fireplace); gearstick
blind	a		blind (unable to see)
blind	n	het · mv. blinden	window shutter
jo	i		hi; bye; you too
Estland	m		Estonia (a country in northeastern Europe, on the southeastern coast of the…
aspect	n	het · mv. aspecten	aspect, element; aspect, appearance; aspect (grammatical category)
blush	n	de	blush (makeup used to redden the cheeks)
redden	v	redde – gered	to save, rescue; to manage, cope, be fine
WikiWoordenboek	n	het	Wiktionary
salvo	n	het · mv. salvo's	salvo, volley, a series of shots
dancing	n	de · mv. dancings	dancehall (public hall for dancing)
hostie	n	de · mv. hosties	host (consecrated bread / wafer)
autodidact	n	de · mv. autodidacten	autodidact, self-taught person
emo	n	de · mv. emo's	emo (form of guitar-driven alternative rock that is particularly or notably…; emo (individual associated with the above genres or subculture; young person…
rugby	n	het	rugby (sport)
Abe	m		a male given name, West Frisian variant of Albert and Abel
corgi	n	de · mv. corgi's	corgi, Welsh corgi (dog)
parvenu	n	de · mv. parvenu's	parvenu (a social climber not accepted by his or her new milieu, often due…
alfabet	n	het · mv. alfabetten	alphabet
senang	a		comfortable, at ease, pleasant
pathos	n	de	pathos
impertinent	a		insolent, ill-mannered
adobe	n	de · mv. adobes	adobe
alp	n	de · mv. alpen	alp, (very) high mountain
clique	n	de · mv. cliques	clique, subgraph
angst	n	de · mv. angsten	fear, fright, anxiety
anode	n	de · mv. anoden	anode
anomie	n	de	lawlessness; anomie
aorta	n	de · mv. aorta's	aorta
Argus	m		Argus
Arum	m		a village and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
atrium	n	het · mv. atria	atrium
Babel	m		Babylon (an ancient city, the ancient capital of Babylonia in modern Iraq,…
balk	n	de · mv. balken	a beam, solid support; a cuboid; a section, icon et cetera in such rectangular shape
bibber	n	de · mv. bibbers	shiver, tremble
boa	n	de · mv. boa's	boa (snake of the genus Boa); fur or plumed scarf, boa
bode	n	de · mv. boden	messenger, deliverer; servant
butyl	n	het	butyl
cache	n	de · mv. caches	cache (fast temporary storage where recently or frequently used information…; cache, geocache
cervix	n	de · mv. cervixen	neck; the cervix between the uterus and the vagina
chic	a		chic, elegant
coca	n	de · mv. coca's	coca, plant of the family Erythroxylaceae; coca, consumable leaves of these plants
corona	n	de · mv. corona's	corona; coronavirus or coronavirus disease, particularly COVID-19; the 2019-2021 COVID-19 pandemic
hadron	n	het · mv. hadronen	hadron
bebop	n	de	bebop
chiton	n	de · mv. chitons	chiton (Greek tunic); chiton (mollusc of the class Polyplacophora)
crux	n	de · mv. cruces	crucial or otherwise serious, difficult problem
dammer	n	de · mv. dammers	a player of checkers
delver	n	de · mv. delvers	a delver, a digger, an excavator
diode	n	de · mv. dioden	diode
dogger	n	de · mv. doggers	dogger, fishing boat used for catching cod and haddock
dor	a		dry, wilted (having a relatively low or no liquid content)
duffel	n	de · mv. duffels	duffel coat; duffel (cloth)
dun	a		thin, slender; sparse; runny
dynamo	n	de · mv. dynamo's	dynamo (small electricity generator)
eider	n	de · mv. eiders	a type of seaduck; an eider
elan	n	het	élan
eland	n	de · mv. elanden	elk, moose, Alces alces
elfin	n	de · mv. elfinnen	a female elf (fantasy humanoid)
emmer	n	de · mv. emmers	bucket (container); emmer (Triticum dicoccon)
epoxy	n	de/het · mv. epoxy's	epoxy resin, epoxy
erg	a		serious, considerable, severe; awful, terrible
erg	d		very; much; very much
ethyl	n	het	ethyl
faro	n	het	a type of beer
filet	n	de/het · mv. filets	filet (compact piece of meat or fish)
fjord	n	de · mv. fjorden	fjord; Fjord horse
gage	n	de · mv. gages	wage for work performed (in particular for a performance by performing artists)
gala	n	het · mv. gala's	a ceremonial celebration, originally a ball (formal dance), now often a prom; formal dress
ganger	n	de · mv. gangers	a pedestrian
gaper	n	de · mv. gapers	a yawner, one who yawns; a figurehead with an open mouth used as the shop sign of a pharmacy
grout	n	het · mv. grouten	grout
hap	n	de · mv. happen	bite; chunk; snack, light meal
holm	n	de · mv. holmen	a small island; an islet
hub	n	de · mv. hubs	hub (point where many routes meet and traffic is distributed, dispensed or…
humus	n	de	humus (soil organic matter); compost
ibis	n	de · mv. ibissen	ibis, bird of the family
iris	n	de · mv. irissen	iris (coloured part of the eye); synonym of lis (“plant of genus Iris”)
jute	n	de	jute (material and plant)
kapok	n	de	kapok (silky fibre obtained from seed pods of the silk-cotton tree used for…
kelp	n	de	kelp (Laminariales order algae)
kern	n	de · mv. kernen	nucleus, physical core; nucleus (of an atom); nuclear -
khan	n	de · mv. khans	a khan (nobleman in various Central Asian countries)
kola	n	de · mv. kola's	a kola tree, tree of the genus Cola; a kola nut
laster	n	de	slander, libel (untrue, injurious statement, either written or said)
lavabo	n	de · mv. lavabo's	sink, washbasin
lemma	n	het · mv. lemma's	lemma (proved or accepted proposition used in a proof); lemma (the canonical form of an inflected word, dictionary form)
loge	n	de · mv. loges	theatre box, compartment; Masonic lodge; reception area, lobby (of a hotel for instance)
lolly	n	de · mv. lolly's	lollipop, lolly; penis
luxe	n	de · mv. luxes	luxury
luxe	a		luxurious; deluxe
lysine	n	de	lysine
macho	a		macho (pertaining to machismo)
macho	n	de · mv. macho's	a macho male
magma	n	het	magma (molten terrestrial mass)
meson	n	het · mv. mesonen	meson
methyl	n	het	methyl
mica	n	het · mv. mica's	mica
milt	n	de · mv. milten	spleen
motet	n	het · mv. motetten	motet
muon	n	het · mv. muonen	muon
neuron	n	het · mv. neuronen	neuron
ocelot	n	de · mv. ocelotten	ocelot (mammal)
octant	n	de · mv. octanten	octant
palier	n	de · mv. paliers	landing (on stairs)
pas	d		just, recently; hardly; only, not until, not any sooner
pas	a		fitting, having a proper fit, having the correct size and shape
pas	n	de · mv. passen	pace, step; also as a measure of distance; mountain pass
patina	n	het	patina: the color or incrustation which age gives to works of art;…
pep	n	de	the drug speed
pion	n	de · mv. pionnen	pawn; piece, pawn (generic player piece in boardgames resembling the pawn in chess); pawn (someone without control
pleura	n	de · mv. pleura's	pleura
pol	n	de · mv. pollen	a bundle of plants, with the soil it stands on or that hangs from it
poller	n	de · mv. pollers	a retractable road bollard
pomp	n	de · mv. pompen	pump (device for moving liquid or gas)
propyl	n	het	propyl
rabat	n	het · mv. rabatten	discount; heightened strip of land between ditches on which trees are planted
raster	n	het · mv. rasters	grid; raster
rotor	n	de · mv. rotoren	rotor
rune	n	de · mv. runen	rune
sabra	n	de · mv. sabra's	Sabra (native-born Israeli)
sachem	n	de · mv. sachems	sachem, Native American chief
sadist	n	de · mv. sadisten	sadist
sage	n	de · mv. sagen	story of heraldry and valor, a saga
sago	n	de	a powdered starch obtained from certain palms used as a food thickener; any of the palms or other plants from which sago is extracted
schema	n	het · mv. schema's	visualisation, diagram; conceptual model
schist	n	de · mv. schisten	schist
sepoy	n	de · mv. sepoys	a sepoy, native soldier in the British East Indies, in particular British India
serum	n	het · mv. sera	blood serum
silt	n	het · mv. silten	silt
soma	n	mv. soma's	a Somalian
sop	n	het · mv. soppen	water with soap, usually for washing, suds; the sea in terms of somebody who will sail on it
spar	n	de · mv. sparren	spruce; certain tree of the family Pinaceae, especially of the genus Picea,…
strop	n	de · mv. stroppen	a noose; hanging (execution); bad luck, loss
tapir	n	de · mv. tapirs	tapir
tas	n	de · mv. tassen	bag; cup (like a cup of coffee or tea); heap
telex	n	de · mv. telexen	telex
tensor	n	de · mv. tensoren	tensor
triode	n	de · mv. trioden	triode
vee	n	het	livestock, cattle
vis	n	de · mv. vissen	fish (aquatic organism); fish (quantity of the above seen as catch, product, meat)
wadi	n	de · mv. wadi's	wadi; rain garden, urban swale, bioswale (a shallow planted ditch for collecting…
yucca	n	de · mv. yucca's	yucca, evergreen of the genus Yucca
struggle	n	de · mv. struggles	struggle (strife, contention, great effort)
arrest	n	het · mv. arresten	sentence passed by a higher court; confiscation ordered by a legal ruling
troop	n	de · mv. tropen	trope
arbiter	n	de · mv. arbiters	arbiter, arbitrator; referee
banner	n	de · mv. banners	banner (web advertisement)
biceps	n	de · mv. bicepsen	biceps; any two-headed muscle; the biceps brachii
brink	n	de · mv. brinken	village green, functioning as a central square; edge or margin of a field; edge or margin of a hill
cape	n	de · mv. capes	a cape
chef	n	de · mv. chefs	a boss, chief, head, leader; a culinary chef, a head cook
concert	n	het · mv. concerten	concert (musical entertainment)
debacle	n	de/het · mv. debacles	debacle
diabetes	n	de	diabetes
document	n	het · mv. documenten	document
dominant	a		dominant
douceur	n	de · mv. douceurs	douceur, sweetener
douche	n	de · mv. douches	shower
drab	n	de/het	sediment, dregs; goop, filth
drift	n	de · mv. driften	passion; strong and sudden upwelling of anger: a fit; urge, strong desire
elite	n	de · mv. elites	elite (group with a high or privileged status)
embargo	n	het · mv. embargo's	embargo (order prohibiting ships from leaving port); embargo (ban on trade with another country); embargo (temporary ban or restriction on making certain information public)
eminent	a		eminent, distinguished
equator	n	de · mv. equators	equator (great circle, equidistant from the poles, on Earth or another sphere)
etiquette	n	de	etiquette
exact	a		exact, precise
extra	d		extra
extra	a		extra
extra	n	de · mv. extra's	something extra, something in addition
extract	n	het · mv. extracten	extract, decoction
fanfare	n	de · mv. fanfaren	a band consisting of brass, saxophone and percussion players; a fanfare (flourish); hubbub, excitement, commotion
fauna	n	de · mv. fauna's	fauna, the animal life inhabiting an area; a book describing the animal life in a region
flap	n	de · mv. flappen	flap (something flexible that is loose); banknote
foundation	n	de · mv. foundations	foundation (cosmetic cream roughly skin-colored, designed to make the face…; nonprofit foundation; foundation (that upon which anything is founded
freak	n	de · mv. freaks	freak (oddball); freak (dedicated fan)
fret	n	de · mv. fretten	ferret, Mustela putorius furo; fret, on the neck on for example a guitar
gang	n	de · mv. gangen	passageway, alley; gait, walk (person's manner of walking or stepping); hallway, corridor
gap	n	het · mv. gappen	gap
geld	n	het · mv. gelden	money
geld	a		not pregnant; male
glans	n	de	lustre, shine, shimmer, gloss, glistening; gloss
corpulent	a		overweight, corpulent
glamour	n	de	glamour
grief	n	de · mv. grieven	grievance, complaint, bone to pick, issue
harmonica	n	de · mv. harmonica's	harmonica, mouth harp (portable wind instrument); harmonica, glass harmonica (musical instrument made from hemispherical glasses)
hater	n	de · mv. haters	hater (someone who hates); hater, enemy or criticaster
hinder	n	de	hindrance, impediment, obstruction
horde	n	de · mv. horden	a horde; a troop of boy scouts, comprising no more than 24 cubs; hurdle (obstacle used in races)
indent	n	de · mv. indenten	A requisition or order for supplies
indiscreet	a		indiscreet
intact	a		intact
ladder	n	de · mv. ladders	a ladder; a ladder, a run (length of unravelled fabric)
lap	n	de · mv. lappen	a rag, a piece of cloth; a patch, a piece of cloth; a slice of meat
lap	i		exclamation of dismay, disappointment
lease	n	de · mv. leases	lease
loom	a		lazy, pleasantly slow, languid
loom	d		lazily
lot	n	het · mv. loten	destiny, fate, lot; lottery ticket
mangonel	n	de · mv. mangonellen	mangonel
marge	n	de · mv. marges	margin
meander	n	de · mv. meanders	meander
migrant	n	de · mv. migranten	migrant
mindful	a		mindful (of or pertaining to mindfulness; sustaining meta-attention of the…
munificent	a		generous
triceps	n	de · mv. tricepsen	triceps brachii
Pegasus	m		Pegasus
planner	n	de · mv. planners	planner, a person in charge of planning; planner, a notebook for keeping tasks and appointments
prise	n	de · mv. prises	electrical outlet, wall socket
psalm	n	de · mv. psalmen	psalm
pugilist	n	de · mv. pugilisten	pugilist, boxer, fistfighter
punk	n	de	punk, punk rock (rock genre); a punk (member of the punk subculture, fan of punk rock)
rag	n	het · mv. raggen	spider silk; a piece of ragtime music
rapper	n	de · mv. rappers	rapper (performer of rap music)
rave	n	de · mv. raves	rave (electronic dance party)
ree	n	de/het · mv. reeën	the roe, Capreolus capreolus; any deer of the genus Capreolus
reef	n	de · mv. reven	line drawn on the ground, furrow
repertoire	n	de · mv. repertoires	repertoire
reserve	n	de · mv. reserves	reserve, emergency supply (that which is reserved, or kept back, as for…; military reserves; reservation, restraint
route	n	de · mv. routes	route, course, way (particular pathway or direction one travels); road, route
scan	n	de · mv. scans	scan (result or output of a scanning process)
scout	n	de · mv. scouts	a scout, a boy scout or girl scout; a talent scout
server	n	de · mv. servers	server (a computer or software that provides services to other programs or…
site	n	de · mv. sites	web site; archaeological site; construction site
skate	n	de · mv. skates	inline skate
slag	n	de · mv. slagen	a blow, knock, strike; a stroke, limb movement; a style of movement, notably style of swimming
slap	a		slack; weak
span	n	het · mv. spannen	a span, a team (pair or larger team of draught animals); a cart or instrument with a team of draught animals; a romantic pair, couple
spare	n	de · mv. spares	spare
spurt	n	de · mv. spurts	spurt (short sudden energetic effort), especially in running or cycling
stadium	n	het · mv. stadiums	a stage; a phase
stang	n	de · mv. stangen	bar (of metal, wood, etc.)
steak	n	de · mv. steaks	steak
stout	a		naughty, disobedient, mischievous; high (expectations)
stout	n	de/het	stout (brew)
sober	a		simple, plain, austere; sober, not drunk
suite	n	de · mv. suites	suite (group of interconnected rooms); suite (music piece)
surplus	n	het · mv. surplussen	a surplus value, notably of money; a remaining quantity, notably stock excess
extravagant	a		extravagant
exorbitant	a		exorbitant
synecdoche	n	de · mv. synecdoches	synecdoche
tact	n	de	tact, discernment
tang	n	de · mv. tangen	pliers; tongs; pincers, tweezers
teak	n	het · mv. teaks	teak
tent	n	de · mv. tenten	tent (for camping, special occasions, etc.); pavillion; a building, especially one used for commercial purposes
tint	n	de · mv. tinten	hue
trapper	n	de · mv. trappers	bicycle pedal
trend	n	de · mv. trends	trend, tendency
vedette	n	de · mv. vedettes	celebrity, star
veil	a		venal
wane	n	de	Sextonia rubra (a species of South American tree that produces hardwood)
nope	i		nope
edict	n	het · mv. edicten	edict
hexameter	n	de · mv. hexameters	hexameter
poet	n	de	loot, stolen money or goods; money
cis	n	de · mv. cissen	C-sharp
tut	n	de · mv. tutten	an unlikable or silly woman or girl
vertaalwoordenboek	n	het · mv. vertaalwoordenboeken	translation dictionary; a dictionary that gives the translation for a given…
stalling	n	de · mv. stallingen	a place where gear can be stored, or where vehicles (especially bicycles)…
smoothie	n	de · mv. smoothies	a smoothie
santé	i		cheers!
heterodox	a		heterodox (deviating from some orthodoxy, whether religious or ideological)
vanille	n	de	vanilla
babi	n	de · mv. babi's	Bábí (follower of Bábism); pork in an Indonesian or Malay dish
trip	n	de · mv. trips	a trip, a short excursion, a vacation, travelling; hallucination, tripping
motel	n	het · mv. motels	a motel (roadside hotel for motorists)
boring	n	de · mv. boringen	drilling; bore of a car's cylinder or canon
aap	n	de · mv. apen	monkey, ape, simian; any member of the infraorder Simiiformes; Term of abuse, presenting a person as not quite human on account of…
apin	n	de · mv. apinnen	a female monkey, primate or ape
clip	n	de · mv. clips	clip (something which clips or grasps; a device for attaching one object to…; video or audio clip
pil	n	de · mv. pillen	a pill, a usually ball- or oval-shaped, coated portion of a drug to be taken…; 'the' contraceptive pill; an analogous ball-shaped object
burger	n	de · mv. burgers	citizen, civilian; middle-class or bourgeois person, burgher; a burger
hologram	n	het · mv. hologrammen	hologram, hologramme
bingo	n	de · mv. bingo's	bingo (a game of chance); bingo (a win in that game of chance)
bingo	i		bingo; expression to claim a win in bingo; expression to indicate that a hit has been landed or that one has an idea
begrip	n	het · mv. begrippen	understanding, comprehension; understanding, empathy; notion, concept, term
eon	n	de/het · mv. eonen	eon; eternity; eon, aeon
bonbon	n	de · mv. bonbons	a praline, a small chocolate-covered candy/sweet
peloton	n	het · mv. pelotons	platoon; peloton
stip	n	de · mv. stippen	dot; ICH: a disease that affects (aquarium) fish Ichthyophthirius multifiliis
dunk	n	de	opinion; dunk
maki	n	de · mv. maki's	lemur, lemurid (mammal from the family Lemuridae)
quiche	n	de · mv. quiches	quiche
rigide	a		rigid
cryptogram	n	het · mv. cryptogrammen	cryptic crossword (crossword puzzle with cryptic definitions)
holocaust	n	de · mv. holocausten	holocaust, genocide
camouflage	n	de · mv. camouflages	camouflage
petulant	a		exuberant
relevant	a		relevant
irrelevant	a		irrelevant
Jiddisch	a		Yiddish (of the language)
Jiddisch	m		Yiddish (the language)
piccolo	n	de · mv. piccolo's	piccolo (small flute); piccolo, hotel porter; piccolo (small bottle of champagne)
gladiator	n	de · mv. gladiatoren	gladiator; entertainer who engages in mortal combat
imperium	n	het · mv. imperia	empire; business empire
Chris	m		a male given name
Baal	m		a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
recidivist	n	de · mv. recidivisten	recidivist
cookie	n	het · mv. cookies	cookie
git	n	de/het · mv. gitten	lignite; jet (black, gemstone-like geological material); a stone made of this material
spork	n	de · mv. sporks	spork
bah	i		An exclamation of disapproval, contempt or disgust: bah, yuck
donut	n	de · mv. donuts	a doughnut, a donut
tip	n	de · mv. tippen	tip, extreme end of something; tip, small amount of money left for a waiter, taxi driver, etc. as a token…; filter, for a joint
nova	n	de · mv. novae	nova, nova star
supernova	n	de · mv. supernovae	supernova
banger	n	de · mv. bangers	banger (energetic, high-quality song)
diagram	n	het · mv. diagrammen	diagram
patriarch	n	de · mv. patriarchen	patriarch
matriarch	n	de · mv. matriarchen	matriarch
kaf	n	het	chaff; kaph (Semitic letter)
mem	n	de · mv. memmen	mem (letter of the Hebrew alphabet); mom, mother; breast
midwinter	n	de · mv. midwinters	midwinter; winter solstice, midwinter
pamper	n	de · mv. pampers	a diaper, a nappy
staal	n	het	steel; sample
koolstof	n	de	carbon
siroop	n	de · mv. siropen	syrup, especially an inviscid variety; a soft drink made from a fruit-based concentrate diluted with water; squash
Anne	m		a female given name, equivalent to English Ann or Anne; a male given name
suiker	n	de · mv. suikers	sugar
voedsel	n	het · mv. voedsels	food; nutrient
organisme	n	het · mv. organismen	a biological organism
qat	n	de	khat (the plant Catha edulis); khat (a psychoactive stimulant obtained from the plant)
kat	n	de · mv. katten	domestic cat, pussy, Felis silvestris catus; feline; female cat
Johan	m		a male given name, equivalent to English John
partner	n	de · mv. partners	partner, love interest, romantic and/or sexual companion; partner, companion (someone whom one engages in business)
eh	i		er, uh (confusion; space filling)
karaoke	n	het	karaoke
gospel	n	de · mv. gospels	gospel music; gospel song
Lucifer	m		Lucifer (mythological fallen angel)
rebbe	n	de · mv. rebbes	an Ashkenazi rabbi, in particular a Chasidic one; rebbe
logo	n	het · mv. logo's	logo (visual symbol or emblem that acts as a trademark or a means of…
reservoir	n	het · mv. reservoirs	reservoir
naan	n	de · mv. naans	naan
gat	n	het · mv. gaten	gap, hole; godforsaken place, hamlet; arsehole
pension	n	het · mv. pensions	a pension, boarding house; a regularly made payment, as admission to certain boarding establishments; the services such establishment provides, notably lodging and some meals
pederast	n	de · mv. pederasten	pederast
subito	d		immediately, suddenly; suddenly, abruptly
leren	v	leerde – geleerd	to learn, to study; to teach
leren	a		leathern (made of leather)
praten	v	praatte – gepraat	to talk
horen	v	hoorde – gehoord	to hear; to belong; to be supposed to, to be meant to
voelen	v	voelde – gevoeld	to feel, to have sensation of; to feel, to experience a feeling
kietelen	v	kietelde – gekieteld	to tickle
proeven	v	proefde – geproefd	to taste (something), to test or detect by tasting; to try, experience, find out, feel, taste
werken	v	werkte – gewerkt	to work, labour; to function, work, be in working order; to warp, settle
drinken	v	dronk – gedronken	to drink, consume a liquid; to be an alcoholic
drinken	n	het	drink, beverage
bezitten	v	bezat – bezeten	to own, to possess
kijken	v	keek – gekeken	to look; to watch (e.g. a film), to observe
volgen	v	volgde – gevolgd	to follow (go after); to follow (understand, pay attention to); to take
herkennen	v	herkende – herkend	to recognize
trekken	v	trok – getrokken	to pull, to draw; to manage, to have the strength for; to migrate
duwen	v	duwde – geduwd	to push
boeren	v	boerde – geboerd	to farm, practice agriculture; to do (well, badly...) in some business; to burp, to belch
spelen	v	speelde – gespeeld	to play; to play (a game); to play (a musical instrument)
spelen	n		an organised series of athletic or other entertaining competitive events,…
verdedigen	v	verdedigde – verdedigd	to defend
aanvallen	v	viel aan – aangevallen	to attack
flirten	v	flirtte – geflirt	to flirt
zoenen	v	zoende – gezoend	to kiss
duiken	v	dook – gedoken	to dive
vallen	v	viel – gevallen	to fall, to tumble; to fall, to begin (said of certain types of time period); to fall, to occur on a certain date
klimmen	v	klom – geklommen	to climb
luisteren	v	luisterde – geluisterd	to listen; to listen, to obey, comply with
plagen	v	plaagde – geplaagd	to tease; to trouble; to torment
boren	v	boorde – geboord	to drill
zagen	v	zaagde – gezaagd	to saw
boeken	v	boekte – geboekt	to book, to reserve; to book, to register, to record; to achieve
shift	n	de · mv. shifts	shift (people working in turn); shift (button on a keyboard); shift (the act of shifting)
bouillon	n	de · mv. bouillons	stock, broth (water in which meat (or other food) has been boiled)
cito	d		quickly, hastily
shampoo	n	de · mv. shampoos	shampoo (product for washing hair)
Sanskrit	m		Sanskrit
Macedonisch	a		Macedonian
Macedonisch	m		Macedonian language
surfboard	n	het · mv. surfboards	surfboard
specie	n	de · mv. speciën	mortar (mixture of lime or cement, sand and water); material used in casting; coinage, specie, coins
gamba	n	de · mv. gamba's	viola da gamba; scampi, prawn
kosteloos	a		free, without charge
dentist	n	de · mv. dentisten	dentist
mores	n		customs, rules
item	n	het · mv. items	item (matter of discussion); item (specific object)
permanent	a		permanent
permanent	n	de · mv. permanenten	perm, permanent, permanent wave
boson	n	het · mv. bosonen	boson
fermion	n	het · mv. fermionen	fermion
lepton	n	het · mv. leptonen	lepton
neutrino	n	het · mv. neutrino's	neutrino
graviton	n	het · mv. gravitonen	graviton (hypothetical force-carrying particle)
evening	n	de · mv. eveningen	levelling, equalisation, act or process of making or becoming even or equal; equinox
dobber	n	de · mv. dobbers	float (buoyant device used when fishing)
hedonist	n	de · mv. hedonisten	hedonist, adept and/or practitioner of hedonism, either the pursuit of…
etymon	n	het · mv. etyma	etymon
blanco	a		blank; unwritten or not filled with printing, painting or other marks
straffen	v	strafte – gestraft	to punish; to sentence
ketchup	n	de · mv. ketchups	ketchup
jury	n	de · mv. jury's	jury
illusionist	n	de · mv. illusionisten	magician, illusionist
equivalent	a		equivalent
equivalent	n	het · mv. equivalenten	equivalent
mud	n	het · mv. mudden	an old measure of volume, varying in content over time and regions; nowadays…; a wooden container having such content
brunch	n	de · mv. brunchen	a brunch
diagnose	n	de · mv. diagnoses	diagnosis
firma	n	de · mv. firma's	a large-scale company, a firm
rebel	n	de · mv. rebellen	rebel
rebel	a		rebellious
prompt	d		immediately, promptly
prompt	a		quick, immediate
prompt	n	de · mv. prompts	prompt
alla	i		so be it, go ahead; granted, I'll admit
fel	a		bright, shiny (e.g. sunlight); fierce, feisty, even bitter; flashy, showy
fel	d		fiercely
poli	n	de · mv. poli's	an outpatient clinic
module	n	de · mv. modulen	module
jungle	n	de · mv. jungles	jungle, dense tropical rainforest
SUV	n	de · mv. SUV's	SUV (sports utility vehicle)
harakiri	n	de · mv. harakiri's	hara-kiri
placemat	n	de · mv. placemats	place mat
dood	a		dead
dood	d		a lot
dood	n	de · mv. doden	death
hou	a		friendly, of a favourable disposition
interim	n	het · mv. interims	interim (transitional period); Someone temporarily performing a given task (replacing someone else for whom…
interim	d		temporarily, ad interim
atelier	n	het · mv. ateliers	workshop, studio; in particular in relation to artistic activities, the…
acteur	n	de · mv. acteurs	actor (person who performs in a theatrical play or film)
mille	n	het	grand (sum of the value of 1,000 monetary units)
Gibraltar	m		Gibraltar (a peninsula, city, and overseas territory of the United Kingdom,…; Gibraltar, Strait of Gibraltar (a strait connecting the Mediterranean to the…
dildo	n	de · mv. dildo's	dildo
dateline	n	de · mv. datelines	dateline
instinct	n	het · mv. instincten	instinct (innate response, impulse or behaviour)
wang	n	de · mv. wangen	cheek
coterie	n	de · mv. coteries	coterie, clique (exclusive circle of associates)
adolescent	n	de · mv. adolescenten	adolescent
torpedo	n	de · mv. torpedo's	a torpedo (projectile adapted for underwater use)
benadrukken	v	benadrukte – benadrukt	to emphasize
gorilla	n	de · mv. gorilla's	gorilla, primate of the genus Gorilla
diabolo	n	de · mv. diabolo's	diabolo
piranha	n	de · mv. piranha's	piranha
seks	n	de	sex (sexual intercourse)
apartheid	n	de · mv. apartheden	the state of being separate; separateness; a characteristic that sets something or someone apart
Pentateuch	m		Pentateuch (first five books of the Hebrew Bible)
genie	n	het · mv. genieën	genius, mental brilliance; a genius, exceptionally gifted person; military engineers (technical corps)
jeans	n	de · mv. jeans	a pair of jeans (denim trousers); any denim garment; the cotton fabric denim
sushi	n	de · mv. sushi's	sushi
variant	n	de · mv. varianten	a variant
putsch	n	de · mv. putschen	a putsch, a coup d'état
flask	n	de · mv. flasken	flask
plunder	n	de · mv. plunders	one's property, (collective) possessions; notably furniture and other (mainly small) home inventory
staatsgreep	n	de · mv. staatsgrepen	coup d'état, stroke of state
lading	n	de · mv. ladingen	cargo; charge, tension; charge
cheeseburger	n	de · mv. cheeseburgers	cheeseburger
Vessem	m		a village and former municipality of Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
manuscript	n	het · mv. manuscripten	a manuscript, written (not printed) text or composition; a manuscript submitted for reproductive publication
casus	n	de · mv. casussen	a legal case; a case, occurrence, instance, especially used for a case study, reference or…; a case, (instance of) grammatical case
Steven	m		a male given name from Ancient Greek
denim	n	het	denim
fondant	n	de/het · mv. fondants	fondant (sugary substance)
barbecue	n	de · mv. barbecues	barbecue
norm	n	de · mv. normen	a norm, standard
ratio	n	de · mv. ratio's	ratio, proportion; reason
quetzal	n	de · mv. quetzals	quetzal (bird of genus Pharomacrus); quetzal (Guatemalan currency)
trogon	n	de · mv. trogons	trogon (bird of family Trogonidae)
Rijnsburg	m		Rijnsburg (a village and former municipality of Katwijk, South Holland,…
eclair	n	de · mv. eclairs	éclair
scalp	n	de · mv. scalpen	scalp (hair-covered skin, especially as a trophy)
helm	n	de · mv. helmen	helmet, protective headwear; helmet above a shield; marram, European beachgrass (Ammophila arenaria)
feuilleton	n	het · mv. feuilletons	feuilleton (section of a newspaper)
antichrist	m		Antichrist (the false messiah appearing in the book of Revelation)
antichrist	n	de · mv. antichristen	antichrist
rabbi	n	de · mv. rabbi's	rabbi
Pyongyang	m		Pyongyang (the capital city of North Korea)
paradox	n	de · mv. paradoxen	paradox
evident	a		evident
binding	n	de	binding, tying, act of applying bonds to someone or of fastening something; connection, bond, tie (association or commitment to someone or something)
konijn	n	het · mv. konijnen	a rabbit, a bunny; any non-hare lagomorph of the family Leporidae
eb	n	de	ebb
pregnant	a		poignant, incisive; meaningful, polysemic
hum	n	het · mv. hummen	mood
hum	i		uttering to attract attention, without literal meaning
sip	a		sad, subdued
mortel	n	de/het · mv. mortels	mortar (mixture based on cement or lime)
gelid	n	het · mv. gelederen	row of a formation, battle line; an organizational rank, especially a military rank; a joint, a point of articulation
spectrometer	n	de · mv. spectrometers	spectrometer (instrument for measuring the absorption of light by chemical…
salami	n	de · mv. salami's	salami
stream	n	de · mv. streams	a stream
pram	n	de · mv. prammen	a boob, a tit
landing	n	de · mv. landingen	landing, touchdown of an airplane or any other airborne object; the act of disembarking a ship, particularly in military contexts
lingerie	n	de · mv. lingeries	lingerie (women's underwear)
cranberry	n	de · mv. cranberry's	cranberry
persona	n	de · mv. persona's	an imaginary person representing a particular type of client or customer,…
CV	n	het · mv. CV's	curriculum vitae
fugue	n	de · mv. fugues	a fugue state
rum	n	de	rum (alcoholic beverage)
motor	n	de · mv. motoren	engine (mechanical device); motorbike
podium	n	het · mv. podia	stage; podium
pony	n	de · mv. pony's	a pony, small horse breed; a hairstyle with a fringe/bangs
viola	n	de · mv. viola's	synonym of altviool (“viola”)
dealer	n	de · mv. dealers	dealer (seller of automobiles); drug dealer
plus	p		plus; plus (having in addition)
plus	n	de · mv. plussen	plus sign; +; plus, advantage
opening	n	de · mv. openingen	opening, gap; the act or process of being opened; opening (first moves of the game)
post	n	de · mv. posten	mail; a mail office, a post office; a location or station, where a soldier is supposed to be
brunette	n	de · mv. brunettes	brunette (brown-haired or dark-haired female)
attest	n	het · mv. attesten	certificate, document supporting an assertion
ester	n	de · mv. esters	ester
aroma	n	het · mv. aroma's	aroma; food flavouring
convex	a		convex
bond	n	de · mv. bonden	society, fellowship; union, association, guild; coalition, alliance, league
mayo	n	de · mv. mayo's	mayonnaise
walrus	n	de · mv. walrussen	walrus, any member of the family Odobenidae of which Odobenus rosmarus is…
flipper	n	de · mv. flippers	flipper, fin (swimming gear); flipper (limb-like appendage of an aquatic animal); flipper, flipper bumper (lever in a pinball machine for hitting the ball;…
schatten	v	schatte – geschat	to estimate; to appraise
chloride	n	het · mv. chloriden	chloride
tunnel	n	de · mv. tunnels	tunnel
zigzag	n	de · mv. zigzags	zigzag (line in a sawtooth pattern)
fort	n	het · mv. forten	castle; fort
Irak	m		Iraq (a country in West Asia in the Middle East)
bobo	n	de · mv. bobo's	sucker, fool; football bigwig; any bigwig
solo	n	de · mv. solo's	solo (piece or passage performed or typified by a single performer)
beamer	n	de · mv. beamers	a consenter, who assents to a statement; a video projector
stad	n	de · mv. steden	city, town; the town/city centre
shanty	n	de · mv. shanty's	a shanty, a sailing song
horror	n	de	horror (genre of fiction)
basilica	n	de · mv. basilica's	basilica
rector	n	de · mv. rectoren	rector
bazaar	n	de · mv. bazaars	bazaar, a marketplace; fair
district	n	het · mv. districten	district
hoon	n	de	mockery, sneering; scorn, derision
Kessel	m		a town and former municipality of Limburg, Netherlands; a former village and former municipality of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
tango	n	de · mv. tango's	tango (Argentine-Uruguayan dance and musical style)
swastika	n	de · mv. swastika's	swastika
spa	n	de · mv. spaden	spade; mineral water; spa (health resort near a spring)
spa	a		late
emporium	n	het · mv. emporia	emporium (trading centre)
discipline	n	de · mv. disciplines	discipline, self-control; discipline, regime of forcing compliance; discipline, sanction
regiment	n	het · mv. regimenten	regiment (division of an army); regimen, regime (particular system of enforcing discipline)
bumper	n	de · mv. bumpers	bumper of a car, fender
plaag	n	de · mv. plagen	plague
dip	n	de · mv. dippen	dip (sauce for dipping); a minor depression, a short-lived sadness; a minor economic setback, no worse than a short, minor recession
leeftijd	n	de · mv. leeftijden	age (amount of time a being or object has lived or existed); age (stage of one's life or existence)
basta	i		basta, enough, that is final
protist	n	de · mv. protisten	protist (unicellular organism)
boomer	n	de · mv. boomers	a baby boomer, stereotypically associated with selfish or old-fashioned ideas
alle	r		all (every individual of the given class)
sul	n	de · mv. sullen	naive, gullible person who is easily deceived
drum	n	de · mv. drums	drum, usually one belonging to a drum kit
Exodus	m		Exodus (supposed departure of the Israelites from Egypt); Exodus (book of the Hebrew Bible)
helix	n	de · mv. helices	helix
bimbo	n	de · mv. bimbo's	bimbo (unintelligent floozie)
website	n	de · mv. websites	web site
corner	n	de · mv. corners	corner
mis	n	de · mv. missen	mass (service in a Catholic church)
mis	a		wrong; missed, not a hit
hal	n	de · mv. hallen	hall, hallway; frozen ground
miss	n	de · mv. missen	a winner of a beauty contest; a beauty; a girl with a high self-esteem
villa	n	de · mv. villa's	mansion (large, (normally) expensive, sumptuous house)
professional	n	de · mv. professionals	a professional practitioner of a trade, métier; an expert in a (professional) field
western	n	de · mv. westerns	western (work set in the Old West)
circumflex	n	de/het · mv. circumflexen	circumflex
argonaut	n	de · mv. argonauten	argonaut (octopus of family Argonautidae); greater argonaut (Argonauta argo)
arena	n	de · mv. arena's	arena (enclosed area for the presentation of sporting or other spectacular…; arena (building housing such an area)
begonia	n	de · mv. begonia's	begonia (plant of genus Begonia)
dahlia	n	de · mv. dahlia's	dahlia, plant of the genus Dahlia
modulus	n	de · mv. moduli	modulus (absolute value of a complex number); modulus (coefficient)
halt	i		stop! freeze!
halt	n	het	halt, pause, cessation
Massachusetts	m		Massachusetts (a state of the United States)
Washington	m		a neighbourhood of Noord, Aruba
insult	n	het · mv. insulten	seizure, attack
geranium	n	de · mv. geraniums	a geranium, plant of the genus Geranium; a pelargonium
lobelia	n	de · mv. lobelia's	lobelia (any plant of the genus Lobelia)
strip	n	de · mv. strips	strip (long thin piece); comic (a cartoon story)
hovercraft	n	de · mv. hovercrafts	hovercraft
dilemma	n	het · mv. dilemma's	dilemma (between two alternatives)
ananas	n	de · mv. ananassen	pineapple (plant or fruit of Ananas comosus or, rarely, another member of…
schlemiel	n	de · mv. schlemielen	schlemiel
directeur	n	de · mv. directeurs	director, manager (in a company), general manager, CEO (or at a lower (e.g.,…; director (a person in charge of various other institutions); director or manager (who has an executive mandate within an institution,…
halo	n	de · mv. halo's	halo (atmospheric phenomenon); similar visual effect resulting from undesirable, roughly circular spots on…
recherche	n	de	criminal-investigation unit or department of a police force; criminal investigation, detective work
subcontinent	n	het · mv. subcontinenten	subcontinent (large landmass smaller than a continent)
Cornwall	m		Cornwall (a peninsula, cultural area, maritime ceremonial county, and duchy…
poinsettia	n	de · mv. poinsettia's	synonym of kerstster (“poinsettia”)
lemming	n	de · mv. lemmingen	lemming (rodent)
ravage	n	de · mv. ravages	havoc, damage
burrito	n	de · mv. burrito's	burrito
status	n	de · mv. statussen	status (condition); status (legal position); status (station, social standing)
asperge	n	de · mv. asperges	asparagus, Asparagus officinalis (plant, vegetable)
census	n	de · mv. censussen	a census
horizon	n	de · mv. horizonten	horizon
mamma	n	de · mv. mamma's	mamma, breast
tal	t		numerous, many, lots
tal	n	het · mv. tallen	a number; a quantity
gul	a		generous, unselfish; unsparing, plentiful; hearty, cordial
gul	n	de · mv. gullen	young cod
bunker	n	de · mv. bunkers	bunker (low-lying fortification built into the landscape); bunker (hole with a surface of sand or dirt, placed on a golf course as a…; bunker, cargo hold, storage room
fonds	n	het · mv. fondsen	fund (amount of money, usually on an account, destined for some purpose); stock (e.g. in an exchange)
pixel	n	de · mv. pixels	pixel
blank	a		white, pale; white (having a light skin tone); not written or printed on
container	n	de · mv. containers	shipping container, cargo container; dumpster or domestic recycling bin, large waste container
compliment	n	het · mv. complimenten	compliment
uniform	n	het · mv. uniformen	uniform; a distinctive outfit
uniform	a		uniform
patio	n	de · mv. patio's	patio
coherent	a		coherent
compact	a		compact (closely packed), dense; compact (having all necessary features fitting neatly into a small space)
baobab	n	de · mv. baobabs	baobab, any tree of the genus Adansonia
paprika	n	de · mv. paprika's	sweet pepper, bell pepper (plant or fruit of Capsicum annuum varieties…; paprika (spice)
drek	n	de	dirt, filth; excrement
drek	d		later, later today
folklore	n	de	folklore
mutant	n	de · mv. mutanten	mutant
mens	n	de · mv. mensen	human, any member of the species Homo sapiens; person; woman
forum	n	het · mv. fora	forum (ancient Roman marketplace); forum (venue, medium, vehicle; general place of exchange)
admin	n	de · mv. admins	admin, administrator (user with special privileges)
vin	n	de · mv. vinnen	fin; fin (aircraft component)
arrangement	n	het · mv. arrangementen	a musical arrangement; a package deal, especially in relation to recreative services
pupil	n	de · mv. pupillen	pupil (aperture of the eye); minor, generally a prepubescent child over the age of 5; favoured student, protégé
retina	n	de · mv. retina's	retina
scrotum	n	het · mv. scrota	scrotum
Rijn	m		The Rhine, a major European river flowing through Austria, Switzerland,…
sergeant	n	de · mv. sergeants	sergeant (non-commissioned officer in several armed forces)
artefact	n	het · mv. artefacten	artifact
barista	n	de · mv. barista's	barista
stollen	v	stolde – gestold	to coagulate, to solidify, to congeal; to coagulate, to solidify
uit	d		out, from the inside to the outside; out, off (to an extinguished or switched-off state); over, finished, completely
uit	p		out of, from
folder	n	de · mv. folders	leaflet with information or advertising
routine	n	de · mv. routines	routine
veer	n	de · mv. veren	a feather, plume; a mechanical spring (e.g. metallic helix which resists stress); a twisted leaf, notably of a fern
vibe	n	de · mv. vibes	vibe
aura	n	de · mv. aura's	aura
uzi	n	de · mv. uzi's	an uzi (submachine gun)
tritium	n	het	tritium
exponent	n	de · mv. exponenten	exponent (number by which a base is raised to a power); exponent; someone or something that characterically represents or advocates…
outfit	n	de · mv. outfits	outfit (set of clothing)
undercover	a		undercover
undercover	d		undercover (in a covert fashion, not using one's real identity)
surveillance	n	de · mv. surveillances	stakeout
upgrade	n	de · mv. upgrades	upgrade (improved component or replacement item, usually applied to technology)
vibrator	n	de · mv. vibrators	vibrator (vibrating sex toy); vibrator (any vibrating device)
museum	n	het · mv. musea	museum
isotherm	n	de · mv. isothermen	isotherm
wagon	n	de · mv. wagons	a train car, a wagon (railway carriage, a nonpowered unit in a railroad train)
establishment	n	het · mv. establishments	establishment (the ruling class or authority group)
biscuit	n	het · mv. biscuits	biscuit (cookie)
zone	n	de · mv. zonen	zone
erotica	n	de	erotica (erotic subject matter)
paard	n	het · mv. paarden	horse (Equus caballus or Equus ferus); a knight; a pommel horse
loser	n	de · mv. losers	loser
stigma	n	het · mv. stigma's	stigma (an indication of infamy or disgrace); stigma (mark on the body corresponding to one of the wounds of the…; stigma (a ligature of the Greek letters sigma and tau: Ϛ / ϛ)
trauma	n	het · mv. trauma's	trauma
anemometer	n	de · mv. anemometers	anemometer, windmeter
Irene	m		a female given name
lamp	n	de · mv. lampen	lamp; vacuum tube, thermionic valve
logos	n	de	logos
satire	n	de · mv. satires	a satire
satyr	n	de · mv. satyrs	satyr, faun
stereotype	n	het · mv. stereotypes	stereotype
stoma	n	de · mv. stoma's	stoma (one of the tiny pores in the epidermis of a leaf or stem through…; stoma (artificial anus)
Barbara	m		a female given name, equivalent to English Barbara
barometer	n	de · mv. barometers	barometer
diploma	n	het · mv. diploma's	diploma
dogma	n	het · mv. dogmata	dogma (colloquially with connotations of strictness and inflexibility)
ecstasy	n	de	ecstasy (MDMA, recreational drug)
epidermis	n	de · mv. epidermissen	epidermis
ethos	n	de	ethos
hyper	a		hyperactive, particularly in a panicked or frenetic way
hyper	n	de · mv. hypers	hyperglycaemia
charisma	n	het · mv. charisma's	charisma (gift of the Holy Spirit); charisma (personal affability)
cinema	n	de · mv. cinema's	cinema; movie theater (building where films are shown to an audience); cinema (the art or industry of making films)
climax	n	de · mv. climaxen	climax (culmination of a narrative's rising action); climax (culmination or acme, the last term in an ascending series)
macron	n	de · mv. macrons	macron
mentor	n	de · mv. mentors	a mentor, wise/grey adviser, tutor etc
panorama	n	het · mv. panorama's	panorama, vista
paranoia	n	de	paranoia
paranoia	a		paranoid
patriot	n	de · mv. patriotten	patriot
patriot	a		patriotic
karma	n	het	karma
yoga	n	de	yoga
amok	n	de/het · mv. amoks	uproar, riot, noise
goulash	n	de · mv. goulashes	goulash
bungalow	n	de · mv. bungalows	a bungalow (small holiday home, usually single-storey)
slalom	n	de · mv. slaloms	slalom
veranda	n	de · mv. veranda's	veranda
condor	n	de · mv. condors	condor, Andean condor, Vultur gryphus
Inca	n	de · mv. Inca's	Inca (member of a Quechuan people)
quinoa	n	de · mv. quinoa's	quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa); the seeds of the quinoa
kink	n	de · mv. kinken	kink (curl, twist, or bend)
ombudsman	n	de · mv. ombudsmannen	ombudsman
sprint	n	de · mv. sprints	sprint
scrum	n	de · mv. scrums	scrum
animo	n	de/het	desire, interest in doing something
impotent	a		impotent (lacking force or vigor); impotent (sexually incapable)
arko	n	de	The option to open windows in order to regulate temperature
videogame	n	de · mv. videogames	video game
aso	n	de · mv. aso's	an antisocial, brutish or inconsiderate person
aso	a		antisocial, inconsiderate
berm	n	de · mv. bermen	berm, verge, roadside (strip of land next to a road, street or sidewalk)
coleslaw	n	de	coleslaw
holster	n	de · mv. holsters	holster (leather case into which a gun fits snugly)
mannequin	n	de · mv. mannequins	a clothes model or fashion model, a mannequin
slurp	n	de · mv. slurpen	a gulp that involves slurping noises; a slurping noise, especially when drinking or eating
spook	n	het	phantom, ghost; spectre, horror, terror; an imaginary horror, conceptual nightmare
slipper	n	de · mv. slippers	slipper; slide (rubber shoe with open heel and open toes)
borg	n	de · mv. borgen	surety, bail; guarantor; deposit
lungo	n	de · mv. lungo's	lungo (type of espresso)
collo	n	het · mv. colli	parcel, package
veld	n	het · mv. velden	field, open country; an agricultural field; a patch of grass and/or other small plants
neutrum	n	het · mv. neutra	neuter gender; a word (esp. a noun) in the neuter gender
stort	n	het · mv. storten	a place where waste or garbage is left, a dump
och	i		alas
pont	n	de · mv. ponten	ferry, ferryboat
Himalaya	m		Himalayas (a mountain range in South Asia)
commando	n	het · mv. commando's	military command; order, imperative (especially in relation to the military or animal training); unit or division over whom an officer has command
spoor	n	het · mv. sporen	track; railway track; trace
trek	n	de · mv. trekken	appetite; journey, migration; animal migration
braai	n	de · mv. braaien	a barbecue; an open outdoor grill built specifically for the purpose of braaing; a social meeting, including the braaing of meat
kraal	n	de · mv. kralen	a bead (of a necklace or abacus); several similarly spheric objects; a kraal, corral (enclosure for livestock)
dorp	n	het · mv. dorpen	village, small settlement
bruto	a		gross (excluding deductions)
bruto	d		gross (excluding deductions)
scope	n	de · mv. scopes	scope, domain
jazzy	a		jazzy (in the style of jazz)
zetten	v	zette – gezet	to set, to put; to typeset; to make ready, prepare, brew (mostly of hot drinks)
minus	p		minus; minus (without)
minus	n	het · mv. minussen	minus sign; minus (disadvantage)
Saturnus	m		the Roman god Saturn; Saturn, the sixth planet from Earth's Sun
Chicago	m		Chicago (a large city in Illinois, United States)
tequila	n	de · mv. tequila's	tequila
diorama	n	het · mv. diorama's	a diorama (three-dimensional display of a setting or scenery)
dansen	v	danste – gedanst	to dance
nylon	n	het	Nylon; a nylon stocking
didgeridoo	n	de · mv. didgeridoos	didgeridoo
migraine	n	de · mv. migraines	migraine
genocide	n	de · mv. genocides	genocide
lactose	n	de	lactose
divan	n	de · mv. divans	a divan (piece of furniture)
tetrahydrocannabinol	n	de	tetrahydrocannabinol
zeppelin	n	de · mv. zeppelins	Zeppelin
paracetamol	n	de	acetaminophen (white crystalline compound used in medicine as an anodyne to…
podcast	n	de · mv. podcasts	podcast
ethanol	n	het	ethanol
voltmeter	n	de · mv. voltmeters	voltmeter
chill	a		chill, chilled out, laid back; chill, nice, pleasant
etymologie	n	de · mv. etymologieën	etymology (study of the origin and development of words); etymology (proposed explanation for the origin and development of a word)
aldehyde	n	de · mv. aldehyden	aldehyde
happening	n	de · mv. happenings	happening (spontaneous or improvised event)
jetski	n	de · mv. jetski's	jetski
Louis	m		a male given name, variant of Lodewijk
Boston	m		Boston (the capital and largest city of Massachusetts, United States)
Hitler	m		Hitler (Adolf Hitler, German dictator)
smurf	n	de · mv. smurfen	smurf
louche	a		seedy, fishy, shady
covalent	a		covalent
cellulose	n	de · mv. celluloses	cellulose (complex carbohydrate)
heliometer	n	de · mv. heliometers	heliometer
trawler	n	de · mv. trawlers	trawler (fishing boat using a trawl net or dragnet)
taps	a		tapered
alt	n	de · mv. alten	alto (musical part); alto (person or instrument); a woman singing or playing the alto part
trombone	n	de · mv. trombones	trombone
carrousel	n	de · mv. carrousels	carrousel, merry-go-round (fairground ride); carrousel, type of group dressage in formation (equestrian discipline)
cloaca	n	de · mv. cloaca's	cloaca (duct in certain vertebrates used for reproduction and excreting…
console	n	de · mv. consoles	a projection from a wall supporting a superincumbent weight; a console (electronic control instrument with displays and an input device); a video game console, a console, especially a non-portable one
interview	n	het · mv. interviews	interview (conversation intended for recording statements for publication)
origine	n	de · mv. origines	origin (start place); origin (place of creation)
quasi	d		quasi
rem	n	de · mv. remmen	brake
fagot	n	de · mv. fagotten	bassoon (musical instrument in the woodwind family)
ballast	n	de · mv. ballasten	ballast (weights used in ships or aerostats); baggage (something that hampers functioning)
gravel	n	de/het	claycourt (surface for playing tennis)
prominent	a		prominent
pluralis	n	de · mv. pluralissen	synonym of meervoud (“plural”)
spindel	n	de · mv. spindels	a rod used for spinning and winding natural fibres; a spindle; a central pillar around which a staircase spirals
hint	n	de · mv. hints	hint
soit	i		so be it
knap	a		attractive, handsome, pretty; impressive, decent, rather good or big; smart, intelligent, gifted, clever
knap	d		quite, rather, pretty (reinforces what follows)
minder	a		worse, not as good; less fortunate
minaret	n	de · mv. minaretten	minaret
djellaba	n	de · mv. djellaba's	a djellaba
min	p		minus
min	n	de · mv. minnen	minus sign; minus (disadvantage); love
min	a		few, little, less common synonym of weinig; opprobrious, unpleasant
prat	a		focused, bent, fixated
prat	n	de · mv. pratten	a pride, arrogance; the act of pouting or sulking
stalking	n	de	stalking (act or crime of following and harassing someone)
facelift	n	de · mv. facelifts	a facelift (remodelling of a face, facade, front or general appearance of…
narc	n	mv. narcs	a narcissistic person; a police officer assigned to or engaging in illegal narcotics control
deciliter	n	de · mv. deciliters	decilitre, deciliter (0.1 litre)
weblog	n	de/het · mv. weblogs	a weblog
dito	a		aforesaid, named; identical
dito	n	het · mv. dito's	indicating the same month as above; ditto, the aforesaid day or date
dito	d		ditto, aforesaid, such
furry	n	de · mv. furries	a furry (member of furry fandom)
hetero	n	de · mv. hetero's	a heterosexual, a hetero
Bislama	m		the Bislama language
polio	n	de	polio, poliomyelitis
streaker	n	de · mv. streakers	a streaker (one who runs naked in public, especially at sports games)
tanker	n	de · mv. tankers	tank ship
journalist	n	de · mv. journalisten	press journalist
perplex	a		perplexed, befuddled
etymologist	n	de · mv. etymologisten	etymologist
Arthur	m		a male given name from English
Provo	m		a Dutch counterculture movement of the 1960s
winning	n	de · mv. winningen	acquisition, gain; extraction
kongsi	n	de · mv. kongsi's	kongsi; clique, coterie, cabal
Viking	n	de · mv. Vikingen	a Viking
merde	i		shit!, crap!
pisser	n	de · mv. pissers	one who pisses; penis; amateur
rapport	n	het · mv. rapporten	a report; a report card
sulfide	n	het · mv. sulfiden	sulfide (anion of sulphur or a compound thereof)
flora	n	de · mv. flora's	flora (plant life, in particular the plant living or endemic in a certain area); flora (plant book)
blessure	n	de · mv. blessures	injury (in particular, from practising a sport), sports injury
monarchie	n	de · mv. monarchieën	monarchy
mycelium	n	het · mv. mycelia	mycelium
Arie	m		a male given name
lasso	n	de · mv. lasso's	lasso
ruimte	n	de · mv. ruimtes	space, room (for a physical object to occupy); room (in a building); space, outer space
turner	n	de · mv. turners	gymnast
donk	n	de · mv. donken	a sandy hill, typically of glacial origin, protruding above a silty area
giro	n	de · mv. giro's	giro (transfer of funds)
gal	n	de	bile, gall (yellow-green bodily fluid secreted by the liver); bile, anger, wrath; a gall (abnormal growth on a plant caused by foreign organisms)
cyanide	n	het	cyanide (C≡N-based compound)
knagen	v	knaagde – geknaagd	to gnaw
knaging	n	de · mv. knagingen	gnawing with, for instance, a pang or qualm of conscience
chino	n	de · mv. chino's	pair of trousers made of chino; chino
campus	n	de · mv. campussen	campus
speelgoed	n	het	toys
inner	n	de · mv. inners	collector (of taxes)
cliffhanger	n	de · mv. cliffhangers	cliffhanger
incorrect	a		incorrect
Francis	m		a male given name
taxon	n	het · mv. taxa	taxon
concurrent	n	de · mv. concurrenten	a competitor, an economic rival
concurrent	a		concurrent, corresponding
pedel	n	de · mv. pedellen	beadle
cabaret	n	het · mv. cabarets	cabaret, type of live entertainment; comedy, live performance of jokes and satire
cactus	n	de · mv. cactussen	cactus, plant of the family Cactaceae
shredder	n	de · mv. shredders	a shredder, a machine that shreds material into smaller pieces; a shredder, one who plays guitar solos in the shredding style
casino	n	de · mv. casino's	casino, gambling house
pose	n	de · mv. posen	stance or pose
romance	n	de · mv. romances	a sentimental love song or love story
tuberculose	n	de	tuberculosis (disease)
bas	n	de · mv. bassen	bass (instrument); bass (low frequencies of sound); bass (singing voice)
dek	n	het · mv. dekken	a deck; a cover; a surface
nul	u		zero, nought
nul	n	de · mv. nullen	a zero, naught, the numerical expression of none, nothing; a score of zero, the worst possible result; a good-for-nothing, worth-/use-less person
nul	a		worthless
precursor	n	de · mv. precursors	precursor (forerunner, predecessor); precursor (chemical compound)
thrash	n	de	thrash metal, thrash
revolver	n	de · mv. revolvers	revolver
cartoon	n	de · mv. cartoons	cartoon (humorous drawing, often with a caption, or a strip of such drawings); cartoon (animated piece of film which is often but not exclusively humorous)
toon	n	de · mv. tonen	tone; the front portion of a hoof
criterium	n	het · mv. criteria	criterion, standard for comparison and appreciation; notably in cycling, race of low athletic merit
Marie	m		a female given name, equivalent to English Mary
macaroni	n	de	macaroni
quad	n	de · mv. quads	quad, quad bike
multiplex	n	het	plywood consisting of more than three veneers
verhoog	n	het · mv. verhogen	dais, podium
Caroline	m		a female given name of French origin
binge	n	de · mv. binges	binge
procedure	n	de · mv. procedures	procedure
opener	n	de · mv. openers	opener (device that opens something)
systole	n	de · mv. systoles	systole
Kees	m		a male given name
optimist	n	de · mv. optimisten	optimist
organist	n	de · mv. organisten	organ player, organist
Mario	m		a male given name from Latin, Mario
adat	n	de · mv. adats	a Malay or Indonesian legal tradition; adat, traditional Malay law
contrast	n	het · mv. contrasten	a contrast
militaria	n	de	militaria, military memorabilia or paraphernalia
retort	n	de/het · mv. retorten	retort (flask used for distillation)
fut	n	de	vim, energy, pep, vitality
Damascus	m		Damascus (the capital city of Syria; an ancient settlement, the ancient…
Samuel	m		Samuel (a Biblical figure; one of two books of the Bible); a male given name from Hebrew, equivalent to English Samuel
Sam	m		a male given name; a female given name
wad	n	het · mv. wadden	wadeable, tidal mud flat
kidnapper	n	de · mv. kidnappers	a person who kidnaps someone
kiosk	n	de · mv. kiosken	a kiosk
tig	t		tens, dozens, lots, umpteen
convent	n	het · mv. conventen	convent, monastery
lachen	v	lachte – gelachen	to laugh
schreien	v	schreide – geschreid	to cry; to weep
reden	n	de · mv. redenen	reason, ground; proportion
reden	v	reedde – gereed	to equip (a ship); to equip, fit, supply with (something with a supplemental tool)
miljard	n	het · mv. miljarden	a billion, a milliard, 10⁹
trottoir	n	het · mv. trottoirs	sidewalk (US), pavement (UK), footpath (Australia, India, New Zealand)
etude	n	de · mv. etudes	etude
waken	v	waakte – gewaakt	to stay awake; to watch, to be alert
wanderlust	n	de	wanderlust (a strong impulse or longing to travel)
voyeur	n	de · mv. voyeurs	voyeur
sheriff	n	de · mv. sheriffs	sheriff
plein	n	het · mv. pleinen	square, plaza
dop	n	de · mv. doppen	a shell (of an egg or a fruit for example); a hemispherical container such as a thimble; a bottle cap
stunt	n	de · mv. stunts	stunt
impasse	n	de · mv. impasses	impasse (situation in which no progress can be made)
zoethout	n	het	liquorice: the plant (root) liquorice is made of
ui	n	de · mv. uien	onion (Allium cepa); Nickname for someone from Rijnsburg
menarche	n	de · mv. menarches	menarche
mais	n	de	corn, maize
counter	n	de · mv. counters	counter-attack, counter
aan	p		on (positioned at the outer surface of; attached to); at, on (near
aan	d		on, (of a device) being operative; on, (of clothing) being worn; Denoting growth or restoration
aan	a		on (functional, operational); amazing, lit
vintage	n	de · mv. vintages	vintage (yield of grapes or wine from a vineyard or district during one season); vintage (wine, especially high-quality, identified as to year and vineyard…; vintage clothing
vintage	a		vintage
smaragd	n	de · mv. smaragden	emerald
tuin	n	de · mv. tuinen	a garden, yard
bolster	n	de · mv. bolsters	a bur, a spiny cupule, often of a chestnut
watersport	n	de · mv. watersporten	watersport (sport played on or in water)
gluten	n	het	gluten
immanent	a		immanent
zeugma	n	het · mv. zeugmata	zeugma
redder	n	de · mv. redders	savior, rescuer
congruent	a		congruent; congruent (coinciding exactly when superimposed)
Ruud	m		a male given name
buste	n	de · mv. busten	bust (a sculptural portrayal of a person's head and shoulders); breast, of a woman
rayon	n	het · mv. rayons	region, regional section or subdivision (e.g. of a city or local government,…
lang	a		long; tall; long (time), lengthy, a long time
lang	d		by far
klein	a		small, little; almost
Vogel	m		a surname
punt	n	het · mv. punten	point (a position, place, or spot); point (moment in time); point (central idea, argument, or opinion of a discussion or presentation)
cyanose	n	de	cyanosis
maltose	n	de	[[]]maltose
bocht	n	de · mv. bochten	a bend, curve, inflection, something not straight; a twist, change; a bight, broad curvature of a coastline, bay
adres	n	het · mv. adressen	address (direction for letters)
urn	n	de · mv. urnen	funerary urn; any other footed vase
samen	d		together
vulva	n	de · mv. vulva's	vulva
stretcher	n	de · mv. stretchers	stretcher
Welshman	n	de · mv. Welshmen	Welshman, inhabitant of Wales
crèche	n	de · mv. crèches	a day nursery for small children until age 3 in Belgium (Flanders) or age 4…
Cathay	m		Cathay (northern China)
bonze	n	de · mv. bonzen	bonze (Buddhist priest); boss, bigwig
lek	a		leaky
lek	n	het · mv. lekken	leak
glas	n	het · mv. glazen	glass (material); glass (vessel); glass (quantity)
telling	n	de · mv. tellingen	counting, count
consistent	a		consistent, coherent
Alfred	m		a male given name
periderm	n	het · mv. peridermen	periderm
mainstream	a		mainstream
mainstream	n	de	mainstream ("that what is common")
activist	n	de · mv. activisten	an activist
hoofdstad	n	de · mv. hoofdsteden	capital city; The EU-member states, as opposed to 'Brussel'
steden	v	steedde – gesteed	to place; to hold in place
Istanbul	m		Istanbul (a city in Turkey); Istanbul (a province in Turkey)
haha	i		haha; indicates laughter
robe	n	de · mv. roben	gown, robe
patience	n	het	patience, solitaire (game that can be played by one person)
poster	n	de · mv. posters	a trade union member who is on the lookout to deter strikebreakers; a poster, a large sheet of printed paper that is hung vertically (e.g. on a…; a billboard or placard to be posted on a public or private place
tremolo	n	de · mv. tremolo's	tremolo
censor	n	de · mv. censors	censor
ditto	a		dated spelling of dito
aubade	n	de · mv. aubades	a song or musical performance to honour someone, performed in the morning
compost	n	de/het	compost, natural fertilizer produced by decaying organic matter
kehilla	n	de · mv. kehillot	kehillah, organized Jewish community
audio	n	de · mv. audio's	audio
tiara	n	de · mv. tiara's	tiara (papal crown or ornamental coronet)
sticker	n	de · mv. stickers	sticker (adhesive decal)
limbo	m		Limbo, the place where innocent souls barred from heaven exist
limbo	n	de · mv. limbo's	Limbo, in-between place, state or condition of neglect or oblivion which…; limbo, the low-dancing game below a bar; a Limburger, a person from Limburg
cuisine	n	de	cuisine; a characteristic style of preparing food, often associated with a…
bowling	n	de	bowling; tenpin bowling; bowling alley
incoherent	a		incoherent
sociolect	n	het · mv. sociolecten	sociolect
idiolect	n	het · mv. idiolecten	idiolect
napalm	n	de/het	napalm
latrine	n	de · mv. latrines	a very simple toilet facility, usually just a pit or trench; a latrine
rasp	n	de · mv. raspen	grater, for example for cheese; surform tool; grating (loose material that comes from something being grated),…
racket	n	het · mv. rackets	racket (sports implement)
parking	n	de · mv. parkings	car park, parking lot
karate	n	de/het	karate (Japanese martial art)
wording	n	de	the act of becoming; the moment of becoming; genesis
telegram	n	het · mv. telegrammen	telegram
popo	n	de · mv. popo's	synonym of politie (“police”); synonym of politieagent (“police officer”)
derailleur	n	de · mv. derailleurs	derailleur (mechanism to move from one gear to another)
libretto	n	het · mv. libretto's	libretto
supporter	n	de · mv. supporters	a supporter, a sports fan supporting a certain team or person
butler	n	de · mv. butlers	a butler (chief male servant of a household; valet; booze manservant)
Afrika	m		Africa (the continent south of Europe and between the Atlantic and Indian…
koffer	n	de · mv. koffers	a suitcase; a luggage compartment in a small vehicle; a trunk, a boot
tablet	n	de/het · mv. tabletten	tablet, pill (piece of medicine in solid state); flat, rectangular piece or slab; tablet computer
monter	a		bright, cheerful, lively
aller	t		of all; (archaic) genitive plural of al
marron	n	de · mv. marrons	Maroon (a member of ethnic groups in the Americas descended from Africans…
firmament	n	het · mv. firmamenten	firmament (vault or sphere of the heavens, seen as solid in older…
zwart	a		black; dark, black; illegally obtained, without paying due taxes
zwart	n	het	the colour black
ventilator	n	de · mv. ventilatoren	fan, ventilator (device that circulates fresh air)
viaduct	n	de · mv. viaducten	viaduct
lota	n	de	tinea versicolor (a skin condition causing discoloured patches); lota (a spherical brass pot)
spinster	n	de · mv. spinsters	spinner (female)
cluster	n	de · mv. clusters	cluster; star cluster
guillotine	n	de · mv. guillotines	guillotine
bourgeoisie	n	de · mv. bourgeoisieën	bourgeoisie
cholera	n	de	cholera
ultimatum	n	het · mv. ultimatums	ultimatum
rats	n	de	A dish consisting of a hodgepodge of (leftover) vegetables and mashed…
ieuw	i		ew
apocope	n	de · mv. apocope's	apocope (loss or omission of a sound or syllable from the end of a word)
gaydar	n	de · mv. gaydars	gaydar
carré	n	de/het · mv. carrés	square; square shaped pastry; four of a kind
zij	r		she; third-person singular feminine subjective personal pronoun; they
zij	n	de · mv. zij's	she (a female); side (the side of one's body); flank
flank	n	de · mv. flanken	side, flank
bedding	n	de · mv. beddingen	bed of any body of water; riverbed, seabed; floor or frame on which an artillery mount or gun carriage is deployed
netto	a		net (including deductions)
netto	d		net (including deductions)
angina	n	de · mv. angina's	angina
kalium	n	het	potassium
var	n	de · mv. varren	young bull
potas	n	de	potash
transman	n	de · mv. transmannen	trans man
snood	a		villanous and criminal
ranch	n	de · mv. ranches	ranch, notably livestock breeding farm, especially in North America and in…
tweet	n	de · mv. tweets	tweet (Twitter post)
broccoli	n	de · mv. broccoli's	broccoli
dashboard	n	het · mv. dashboards	dashboard (instrument panel of a motor vehicle or aircraft)
hygrometer	n	de · mv. hygrometers	hygrometer
yogi	n	de · mv. yogi's	yogi
yogini	n	de · mv. yogini's	yogini, female practitioner of yoga
symposium	n	het · mv. symposia	symposium
memorandum	n	het · mv. memoranda	memorandum (reminder, short note)
Elch	m		Othée, a village in Belgium
garage	n	de · mv. garages	a garage (repair shop for motorised vehicles); a garage (building or room for storing and modifying motorised vehicles)
primo	d		firstly
primo	p		the first day of
prima	a		excellent; OK, satisfactory, reasonably good; not exceptional
prima	d		good, fine
inconsistent	a		inconsistent
yup	n	de · mv. yuppen	yuppie (young upwardly mobile urban professional person)
bof	n	de · mv. boffen	mumps (contagious disease); luck, fortune
polis	n	de · mv. polissen	insurance policy; insurance plan; a polis
heft	n	het · mv. heften	handle of a knife or other tool, haft, hilt; control, charge
monocle	n	de · mv. monocles	monocle
Louise	m		a female given name
urgent	a		urgent
theater	n	het · mv. theaters	theater (US), theatre (Commonwealth): either drama, the art form, or a drama…
centrum	n	het · mv. centra	the centre, middle of focal part (e.g. of activity); centre (UK); a centre, centralised facility
mom	n	de/het · mv. mommen	mask; a specific kind of beer
bikini	n	de · mv. bikini's	bikini
pulsen	v	pulste – gepulst	to violently dispossess, to loot, to destroy property and environment, of…
understatement	n	het · mv. understatements	understatement
tandem	n	de · mv. tandems	tandem (vehicle, bicycle); tandem (arrangement); a phase in the mating ritual of dragonflies
grim	a		grim
Leviticus	m		Leviticus (book of the Hebrew Bible)
fusain	n	de · mv. fusains	a fusain, a charcoal sketch; fusain, a type of charcoal used for drawing
kater	n	de · mv. katers	a tomcat, tom, male cat; a hangover
centrale	n	de · mv. centrales	hub, central; plant, factory; exchange (in a communications network)
katachtige	n	de · mv. katachtigen	felid, feline; any member of the family Felidae
sloping	n	de · mv. slopingen	demolition, the act or process of demolishing
Sahara	m		Sahara; a neighbourhood of Wageningen, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
flagellant	n	de · mv. flagellanten	flagellant, one who self-flagellates or is voluntarily flagellated as a form…
vrijdag	n	de · mv. vrijdagen	Friday
vrijdag	d		on Friday
zondag	n	de · mv. zondagen	Sunday
zondag	d		on Sunday
mooi	a		beautiful, pretty, handsome; nice, good
ie	r		Second-person singular, mute form: you
ie	d		always, every time, continuously; ever, sometime, at some point
teller	n	de · mv. tellers	numerator (the number or expression written above the line in a fraction); someone who counts; any device that displays numerical information such as a Geiger counter or a…
sonnet	n	het · mv. sonnetten	sonnet
sonde	n	de · mv. sondes	probe; feeding tube (medical equipment)
bigamist	n	de · mv. bigamisten	bigamist
controller	n	de · mv. controllers	controller; controller (a person who audits, and manages the financial affairs of a…
snert	n	de	pea soup; nonsense; goopy mess, gunk
malcontent	a		dissatisfied
malcontent	n	de · mv. malcontenten	a Dutch Roman Catholic noble who served the Spanish cause early in the Dutch…; a liberal Protestant in the early 20th century who rejected conventional…
nobel	a		noble, honourable
insignificant	a		insignificant
cholesterol	n	de/het	cholesterol
castellum	n	het · mv. castella	castellum
pandemonium	n	het · mv. pandemoniums	pandemonium, residence of all demons/devils, hell; pandemonium, a 'hellish' chaos, notably terrible noise and disorder
montage	n	de · mv. montages	an assembly; a montage of images, especially cinema editing
medley	n	de · mv. medleys	several songs strung together
verdwijnen	v	verdween – verdwenen	to disappear; to dwindle
lager	n	de/het · mv. lagers	bearing (a metal block or other construction holding a rotating axis in…; beer of low fermentation; laager (wagon fort used by Boers, especially Voortrekkers)
marshmallow	n	de · mv. marshmallows	marshmallow
Brit	n	de · mv. Britten	Brit, Briton
piercing	n	de · mv. piercings	piercing (ornament)
aspis	n	de · mv. aspides	asp
ka	n	de · mv. ka's	dominant woman; ka (ancient Egyptian notion of the soul, with raised arms, signfying an…
deadline	n	de · mv. deadlines	deadline
comeback	n	de · mv. comebacks	comeback
vol	a		full, replete; complete; whole
loop	n	de · mv. lopen	course, duration; a river course; course of a projectile
femicide	n	de · mv. femicides	femicide
Herbert	m		a male given name from Old Dutch, equivalent to English Herbert
script	n	het · mv. scripts	script (written text of a dramatic performance); script (sequential list of commands)
thriller	n	de · mv. thrillers	thriller (genre of fiction)
principe	n	het · mv. principes	principle
Champagne	m		Champagne (a cultural region and former province of France, the terroir of…; a surname from French
chili	n	de · mv. chilis	chili pepper; chili (dish)
abc	n	het	alphabet
bildungsroman	n	de · mv. bildungsromans	bildungsroman
motto	n	het · mv. motto's	motto
trampoline	n	de · mv. trampolines	a trampoline
couscous	n	de	couscous
etymologisch	a		etymological
sweater	n	het · mv. sweaters	sweater, sweatshirt
patent	n	het · mv. patenten	patent
patent	a		excellent, exquisite
tolerant	a		tolerant
cringe	a		cringe, cringeworthy
Engeland	m		England (a constituent country of the United Kingdom); Great Britain (a large island of the United Kingdom in Northern Europe); United Kingdom (a kingdom and country in Northern Europe)
kan	n	de · mv. kannen	jug; pot (for tea, coffee, etc.); can (cylindrical vessel)
foton	n	het · mv. fotonen	a photon, quantum of light; the unit of electromagnetic radiation
expertise	n	de · mv. expertises	expertise; expert investigation
fluisteren	v	fluisterde – gefluisterd	to whisper
gefluister	n	het	a murmur
bod	n	het · mv. boden	order; offer
elitist	n	de · mv. elitisten	elitist (supporter of rule or management by elites)
alg	n	de · mv. algen	alga
alfa	n	de · mv. alfa's	the letter alpha (first letter of the Greek alphabet); Historically used in educational contexts to denote a humanistic orientation; someone who is educated in the humanities or otherwise prefers such subjects
pictogram	n	het · mv. pictogrammen	pictogram; icon
privilege	n	het · mv. privileges	privilege, prerogative (particular right or favour)
budget	n	het · mv. budgetten	a budget
citroengras	n	het	lemongrass (Cymbopogon citratus)
universale	n	het · mv. universalia	universal
tappen	v	tapte – getapt	to tap (draw off liquid from a vessel)
transistor	n	de · mv. transistoren	transistor (semiconductor device); transistor radio
brandblusser	n	de · mv. brandblussers	fire extinguisher
Marianne	m		a female given name
transmigrant	n	de · mv. transmigranten	a (male) transmigrant
rib	n	de · mv. ribben	rib; a truss (wooden frame)
referendum	n	het · mv. referenda	referendum
auditorium	n	het · mv. auditoria	auditorium (large room for speeches, meetings, performances, etc.)
ringtone	n	de · mv. ringtones	ringtone (sound made by a ringing telephone)
airbag	n	de · mv. airbags	an airbag
persiflage	n	de · mv. persiflages	lighthearted caricature or mockery, as in a comedy sketch
platitude	n	de · mv. platitudes	platitude, cliché
toolbox	n	de · mv. toolboxen	a set of auxiliary devices to tackle a set of related problems, e.g. a…
archivist	n	de · mv. archivisten	archivist
oregano	n	de	synonym of wilde marjolein (“oregano plant, Origanum vulgare”); oregano: the leaves of Origanum vulgare used as food
poule	n	de · mv. poules	pool, group (stage of a competition before the knockout stages)
ontdekking	n	de · mv. ontdekkingen	discovery
ontdekken	v	ontdekte – ontdekt	to discover
opdage	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opdagen
interpolatie	n	de · mv. interpolaties	interpolation
aambei	n	de · mv. aambeien	piles, haemorrhoids, hemorrhoids
bis	n	de · mv. bissen	B-sharp
bis	i		Used to request an encore
extrapolatie	n	de · mv. extrapolaties	extrapolation
alkyl	n	de · mv. alkylen	alkyl
cello	n	de · mv. cello's	cello
specialist	n	de · mv. specialisten	specialist
slop	n	het · mv. sloppen	a bad situation; a very narrow street, a back alley, often dead-end
deodorant	n	de/het · mv. deodoranten	deodorant
bidden	v	bad – gebeden	to pray; to pray to (often with a preposition phrase); to bid
zwemmen	v	zwom – gezwommen	to swim
zingen	v	zong – gezongen	to sing; to sing, to blab to the police, to confess under interrogation
jota	n	de · mv. jota's	iota (Greek letter); iota (small amount)
alf	n	de · mv. alven	a type of folkloristic humanoid or spirit; an elf
monoxide	n	het · mv. monoxiden	monoxide
dioxide	n	het · mv. dioxides	dioxide
peroxide	n	het · mv. peroxiden	peroxide
organigram	n	het · mv. organigrammen	organigram
aubergine	n	de · mv. aubergines	an aubergine, an eggplant (plant), Solanum melongena; the fruit of the eggplant, an aubergine (fruit); aubergine, eggplant (color)
aubergine	a		having the color aubergine
tol	n	de · mv. tollen	top, spinning top (a toy); toll, customs (tax or fee); toll, heavy burden
natrium	n	het	sodium (a reactive metal)
Rusland	m		Russia (a transcontinental country in Eastern Europe and North Asia)
Monica	m		a female given name
amnion	n	het · mv. amnionen	amnion
Hercules	m		Hercules
afro	n	de · mv. afro's	afro, fro
bits	a		abrupt, snappy, unfriendly
Rebecca	m		a female given name from Hebrew
absint	n	de/het	absinthe (liquor)
Andromeda	m		Andromeda
nadar	n	de · mv. nadars	crush barrier
archetype	n	het · mv. archetypen	archetype
topless	a		topless (lacking clothes on the upper part of the body)
dors	n	de · mv. dorsen	threshing floor, usually in a barn
vont	n	de/het · mv. vonten	baptismal font
sibilant	n	de · mv. sibilanten	sibilant
anagnorisis	n	de · mv. anagnorises	anagnorisis
klamboe	n	de · mv. klamboes	mosquito net
pier	n	de · mv. pieren	a worm, earthworm; a pier, jetty; a physical trap
coulisse	n	de · mv. coulissen	side of a stage, dressing room beside a stage, side wing
filatelist	n	de · mv. filatelisten	philatelist
mausoleum	n	het · mv. mausolea	mausoleum
celadon	n	het	celadon (color); celadon (ceramic glaze, ceramic ware)
reseda	n	de · mv. reseda's	a reseda, a plant of the family Resedaceae, particularly those of the genus…
scène	n	de · mv. scènes	scene, stage; fuss, scene (exhibition of passionate or strong feeling before others,…
nonchalant	a		nonchalant
frisbee	n	de · mv. frisbees	Frisbee (disk)
Abraham	m		a male given name from Hebrew, equivalent to English Abraham; Abraham
gadget	n	de/het · mv. gadgets	gadget
divers	a		diverse; several
salamander	n	de · mv. salamanders	salamander, amphibian of the order Caudata
groot	a		big, large, great; great, important, eminent; tall
predator	n	de · mv. predatoren	predator (An organism (usually animal) that kills other non-plant organisms…; human predator (A criminal, in particular a sexual predator.)
diamant	n	het	diamond (substance); a diamond
translatie	n	de · mv. translaties	translation (motion without deformation or rotation); translation (conversion of text from one language to another)
Adolf	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Adolph
deo	n	de · mv. deo's	deodorant
focaccia	n	de · mv. focaccia's	focaccia
Kelly	m		a unisex given name
Napoleon	m		Napoleon Bonaparte; Louis Bonaparte (generally called "Lodewijk Napoleon")
huis	n	het · mv. huizen	a house, home; residence; an adjoining building with a separate function
indirect	a		indirect
analemma	n	het · mv. analemma's	analemma; a kind of astrolabe
apert	a		clear, overt
dolk	n	de · mv. dolken	a dagger, a relatively small, two-sided knife, fit as a stabbing weapon
singel	n	de · mv. singels	a body of water surrounding the inner portion of a city or a village; a band passed under the belly of an animal, which holds a saddle in place;…
taal	n	de · mv. talen	language (form of communication consisting of vocabulary and grammar); language (capability to communicate with words); language (means or manner of expression)
modernist	n	de · mv. modernisten	a modernist (adherent of modernism)
rond	a		round, circular; finished, completed
rond	d		around, about; around (implying motion)
rond	p		around; concerning, related to
rond	n	het · mv. ronden	sphericity; circularity, roundness; sphere
methanol	n	de	methanol
koud	a		cold (temperature); cold (unfriendly)
urethra	n	de · mv. urethrae	urethra
niveau	n	het · mv. niveaus	level
exorcist	n	de · mv. exorcisten	exorcist
chatroom	n	de · mv. chatrooms	a chat room
parachutist	n	de · mv. parachutisten	parachutist
chips	n		potato chips, crisps
chips	i		shoot; minced oath for Dutch shit
Peking	m		Beijing, Peking (a direct-administered municipality, the capital city of China)
Dennis	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Dennis
Maria	m		Mary (Biblical character, mother of Jesus); Mary (Biblical character, Mary Magdalene); a female given name from Hebrew
ranking	n	de · mv. rankings	ranking, relative placement in a list; ranking, classification
homoseksueel	a		homosexual
homoseksueel	n	de · mv. homoseksuelen	homosexual
hummus	n	de	hummus
Montenegro	m		Montenegro (a country on the Balkan Peninsula in Southeastern Europe)
ballonet	n	de · mv. ballonetten	the ballonet of a blimp
danser	n	de · mv. dansers	dancer, person who dances
tanga	n	de · mv. tanga's	thong, G-string; woman, girl
monument	n	het · mv. monumenten	monument
protector	n	de · mv. protectoren	a protector, guardian, regent etc
referent	n	de · mv. referenten	expert, specialist; someone who can provide information about a job applicant when requested; a…
capoeira	n	de	capoeira
dressing	n	de · mv. dressings	dressing (cold sauce for salads); walk-in closet, dressing room
Amerika	m		America, the Americas (a supercontinent consisting of North America, Central…; a hamlet in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
tel	n	de · mv. tellen	count; second; a short moment
circus	n	het · mv. circussen	circus (company of performers; place where this company performs)
vader	n	de · mv. vaders	father, male parent; forefather
als	c		if, when; when, as soon as; as though, as if
als	p		like, as; even ... als: as ... as
Lorentz	m		a surname; Hendrik Antoon Lorentz, Dutch physicist and Nobel laureate
espresso	n	de · mv. espresso's	espresso
dato	n	het	the given date
Limburgs	m		Limburgish (the Germanic language)
Limburgs	a		Limburgish (related to the language or the Limburg region)
gitaar	n	de · mv. gitaren	guitar
bast	n	de · mv. basten	inner bark; velvet; skin, hide
songwriter	n	de · mv. songwriters	songwriter
calorie	n	de · mv. calorieën	calorie
percentage	n	het · mv. percentages	percentage (amount or rate as part of 100)
designer	n	de · mv. designers	designer
browser	n	de · mv. browsers	web browser
distro	n	de · mv. distro's	distro, especially an open-source distribution, often of Linux
protasis	n	de · mv. protases	protasis, dependent clause of a conditional sentence
Ajax	m		AFC Ajax
commune	n	de · mv. communes	a commune (community living together with common property)
parade	n	de · mv. parades	a parade; a festive or ceremonial procession
a	n	de · mv. a's	a stream of water
Aam	m		a hamlet in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Aarde	m		Earth (the planet); personification (e.g. as a deity) of humanity's homeworld
Abby	m		a female given name
Acht	m		a village in Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ad	m		a diminutive of the male given name Adriaan or formerly of Adolf
Ada	m		a female given name
Afrikaner	n	de · mv. Afrikaners	Afrikaner
Ali	m		a male given name from Arabic, equivalent to English Ali; a female given name, equivalent to English Ethel, most common in the…
Alma	m		a neighbourhood of Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Amber	m		a female given name, Amber
Amen	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Ane	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Angel	n	de · mv. Angelen	Angle
Anna	m		a female given name, equivalent to English Ann; Anna (Biblical prophetess)
Annie	m		a female given name
Appel	m		a hamlet in Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Argonaut	n	de · mv. Argonauten	Argonaut (sailor on the Argo)
Aster	m		a male given name from Latin
Atlas	m		Atlas (mythological giant); Atlas Mountains; Atlas (moon of Saturn)
Axel	m		a city and former municipality of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Ballast	m		a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Baskisch	a		Basque
Baskisch	m		Basque (language)
Bath	m		a village and former municipality of Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Bea	m		a female given name
Bella	m		a female given name
Belle	m		a female given name
Benjamin	m		Benjamin (Biblical character, mythological son of Jacob); The youngest child of a family, the youngest person of a group; a male given name
Bent	m		a hamlet in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Berg	m		a village in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Maaseik, Belgium; a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Bergen	m		Mons (a city, municipality, and capital of Hainaut, Belgium); Bergen (a port city, municipality, and former county of the county of…; a village and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Bo	m		a male given name
Bob	m		a male given name, Bob; designated driver
Boom	m		a Belgian town and municipality in the Flemish province of Antwerp; a surname
Boot	m		a surname
Boots	m		a surname
Born	m		a village and former municipality of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Borne	m		a village and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands; a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bos	m		a surname
Boy	m		a male given name
Brand	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Burger	m		a surname
Butler	m		an English and Irish occupational surname for someone who was a butler or…
Centaur	m		Centaurus
Chan	m		Chan Santokhi
Chili	m		Chile (a country in South America)
Co	m		a male given name; a diminutive of the female given name Jacoba
Cor	m		a male given name, hypocoristic form of Cornelis; a female given name, hypocoristic form of Cornelia
Corrie	m		a diminutive of the female given name Cornelia
Daan	m		a male given name
Dale	m		a hamlet in Aalten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Delft	m		Delft (a city and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands)
Dem	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Dirk	m		a diminutive of the male given name Diederik
Don	m		Don (a river, the fifth-longest in Europe, in Tula, Lipetsk, Voronezh,…
Dork	m		a Dutch surname
Eng	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Enter	m		a village in Wierden, Overijssel, Netherlands
Esse	m		a neighbourhood of Zuidplas, South Holland, Netherlands
Essen	m		a hamlet in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Est	n	de · mv. Esten	Estonian person
Est	m		a village in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Evert	m		a male given name
Ewe	m		Ewe (ethnic group); Ewe (language)
Fin	n	de · mv. Finnen	Finn (inhabitant of Finland)
Fort	m		a village in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands; a district of Colombo, Sri Lanka
Frank	n	de · mv. Franken	Frank (member of a Migration-Period Germanic tribe)
Frank	m		a male given name from Dutch, Frank
Franse	n	de · mv. Fransen	Frenchwoman
Galicisch	a		Galician (of or pertaining to Galicia (the region) or Galician (the language))
Galicisch	n	het	Galician (the language of Galicia, a region of the Northwestern Iberian…
Gans	m		a surname
Genesis	m		Genesis (a book of the Hebrew Bible)
Gent	m		Ghent (the capital of East Flanders, Belgium)
Giraffe	m		Camelopardalis
Glas	m		a surname
God	m		God
Gun	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Hal	m		a hamlet in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hall	m		a village in Brummen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ham	m		a hamlet in Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hans	m		a diminutive of the male given name Johannes
Hector	m		Hector (hero from the Iliad)
Heel	m		a village and former municipality of Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
Hella	m		a female given name from German
Hill	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Holocaust	m		Holocaust
Holt	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Horn	m		a village and former municipality of Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Hub	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Hun	n	de · mv. Hunnen	a Hun, member of the nomadic tribe; a barbarian, brute
Ido	m		Ido
Indonesisch	a		Indonesian (of or pertaining to Indonesia or the Indonesian language)
Indonesisch	m		Indonesian; the language of Indonesia
Iris	m		Iris (divine messenger, goddess of rainbows); a female given name
Jo	m		a diminutive of the female given names Johanna and Josefien
Job	m		Job (the eighteenth book of the Old Testament); Job (Biblical character); a male given name
Joke	m		a diminutive of the female given name Jo
Judas	m		Judas
Kim	m		a unisex given name from English
Komen	m		Comines (a city in Belgium)
Koran	m		the Qur'an
Landen	m		Landen (a city and municipality of the province of Flemish Brabant,…
Lang	m		a surname
Lek	m		a river, the northern arm of the River Rhine, in the provinces of Utrecht,…
Lent	m		a village and former municipality of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Leo	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Leo
Let	n	de · mv. Letten	Latvian (a man from Latvia)
Lier	m		Lier (a city in Antwerp province, Belgium); Lier (a municipality of Buskerud county, Norway); Lyra
Lies	m		a village in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands; a diminutive of the female given name Elisabeth, variant of Lisa
Linda	m		a female given name
Lok	m		a neighbourhood of Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lore	m		a diminutive of the female given name Eleonore
Luik	m		Liège, a province of Belgium; Liège, a city in Belgium
Luk	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Luke
Lynx	m		Lynx
Made	m		a village in Drimmelen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maire	m		a former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Maltese	n	de · mv. Maltesen	a Maltese woman
Man	m		Man, Isle of Man (an island and Crown dependency of the United Kingdom in…
Manhattan	m		Manhattan (a borough and island of New York City, New York, United States)
Manhattan	n	de · mv. Manhattans	Manhattan (cocktail)
Marcel	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Marcel
Mark	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Mark; a hamlet in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Mars	m		Mars (planet); Mars (Roman god); a neighborhood of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Max	m		a male given name
Meer	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
Mia	m		a female given name
Mies	m		a diminutive of the female given name Maria
Mill	m		a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Monster	m		a village and former municipality of Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Moor	n	de · mv. Moren	a Moor (member of a Berber people from western North Africa, also ruling…; a black person, a negro
Most	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Ms.	n		majesteits — Majesty
Nagel	m		a surname
Namen	m		Namur, a city in southern Belgium; Namur, a former countship in present Belgium, named after its above capital city; Namur, a province of Belgium, named after its above capital city
Narcissus	m		Narcissus
Nel	m		a female given name
Net	m		Reticulum
Nutter	m		a hamlet in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
O	m		a surname
Oda	m		a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Park	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Pers	m		a Persian, a person from Persia
Petra	m		a female given name from Ancient Greek, masculine equivalent Peter,…
Phoenix	m		Phoenix
Pier	m		a diminutive of the male given name Pieter
Pol	m		a male given name; a hamlet in Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
Pool	n	de · mv. Polen	a Pole
Pools	a		Polish
Pools	m		Polish (language)
Post	m		a surname
Rabat	m		Rabat (the capital city of Morocco, and capital city of the region of…
Ram	m		Aries
Ren	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Renaissance	m		Renaissance
Riga	m		Riga (the capital city of Latvia)
Rik	m		a male given name
Rob	m		a male given name
Robin	m		a unisex given name, equivalent to English Robin
Ruth	m		Ruth (Moabite woman, Biblical character); Ruth (book of the Hebrew Bible; the eighth book according to the Christian…
Sem	m		Shem (a son of Noah); a male given name
Sextant	m		Sextans
Slang	m		Serpens
Son	m		a village in Son en Breugel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Spa	m		a town and municipality in the province of Liège, Wallonia, Belgium, famous…
Steen	m		a surname
Stein	m		a village and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet and former municipality of Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Stella	m		a female given name from Latin
Strand	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Su	m		Suriname
Tallinn	m		Tallinn (the capital city of Estonia)
Thorn	m		a city and former municipality of Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
Tom	m		a male given name
Ton	m		a male given name
Toon	m		a male given name
Tora	m		Torah (first five books of the Hebrew Bible)
Trees	m		a diminutive of the female given name Theresia
Turks	a		Turkish; Turkic
Turks	m		Turkish language
Union	m		a neighbourhood of Sint Eustatius, Netherlands
Val	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Veda	n	de · mv. Veda's	Veda
Vene	m		Ronald Venetiaan
Vera	m		a female given name
Vilnius	m		Vilnius (the capital city of Lithuania)
Vita	m		a female given name
Ward	m		a given name, either as a diminutive of Edward or officially given…
Wend	n	de · mv. Wenden	Wend, one of several Slavic groups living near German-speaking areas
Winkel	m		a village and former municipality of Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands; a surname
Winter	m		a surname
Wolf	m		Lupus
Zon	m		the Sun (closest star to the Earth)
Zoom	m		a hamlet in Nunspeet, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
bh	n	de · mv. bh's	bra
sm	n	het	sadomasochism
champagne	n	de · mv. champagnes	the sparkling wine champagne from the French region Champagne; a brand, type or serving of champagne; the color champagne
artillerie	n	de · mv. artillerieën	artillery weapons; the division of an army specialised in artillery weapons
locker	n	de · mv. lockers	a locker (lockable storage compartment)
familie	n	de · mv. families	relatives (extended kin); family (close kin); family
rog	n	de · mv. roggen	ray (flat-bodied marine fish); stingray; skate (flat-bodied fish of the family Rajidae)
nacht	n	de · mv. nachten	night
april	n	de · mv. aprillen	the month of April
september	n	de · mv. septembers	September (the ninth month of the Gregorian calendar, following August and…
november	n	de · mv. novembers	November (the eleventh month of the Gregorian calendar, following October…
december	n	de · mv. decembers	December
adonis	n	de · mv. adonissen	Adonis (beautiful man)
braille	n	het	braille
peter	n	de · mv. peters	a godfather
gesundheit	i		Said to someone who has just sneezed, bless you
lak	n	de/het · mv. lakken	lacquer; foolery, foolishness, nonsense; indifference (only in lak hebben aan)
ugli	n	de · mv. ugli's	ugli
internet	n	het	Internet (specific internet consisting of the global network of computers)
mie	n	de · mv. mies	woman; Chinese-style wheat noodle (e.g. ramen)
capsule	n	de · mv. capsules	capsule (encapsulation containing drugs or supplements); cover over the cork and opening of a bottle
brigade	n	de · mv. brigades	brigade, a military unit consisting of two or more regiments, often using…; a police unit of varying size or purpose, but often serving a specialised…
Samaria	m		Samaria (ancient capital of the northern kingdom of Israel and of the region…; Samaria (ancient region in Palestine)
sardine	n	de · mv. sardines	sardine, fish of the family Clupeidae
cupcake	n	de · mv. cupcakes	a cupcake
tafel	n	de · mv. tafels	table (item of furniture); meal, spread on (a) table(s); multiplication table
feminist	n	de · mv. feministen	feminist
badminton	n	het	badminton
napoleon	n	de · mv. napoleons	the 20-franc gold coin, the franc germinal, originally issued under…
pon	n	de · mv. ponnen	nightgown, nightdress
kras	a		stark, blatant, extreme; stout, vigorous, spry, young for one's age
kras	n	de · mv. krassen	a scratch on a hard, even surface; a blemish (on someone's reputation)
zuster	n	de · mv. zusters	sister (fictive female kin member); sister (nun); nurse (woman who provides care for the ill)
knoop	n	de · mv. knopen	button (knob or small disc serving as a fastener); knot (i.e. a loop of string or any other long flexible material which cannot…; knot
vogel	n	de · mv. vogels	bird, any member of the class Aves; a feathered target in archery or shooting; a dude, a cat (slang term for a man)
seminar	n	de/het · mv. seminars	seminar (class or conference for advanced studies)
wien	r		who/whom
muskusos	n	de · mv. muskusossen	musk ox
magnolia	n	de · mv. magnolia's	magnolia, tree or shrub of the genus Magnolia
lucifer	n	de · mv. lucifers	match (device to make fire)
joe	i		bye; okay, sure; thanks
Abel	m		Abel (Biblical character); a male given name of biblical origin
cassette	n	de · mv. cassettes	an audio cassette; any of various other cassette storage media; a case for a film reel
abel	a		capable, able
donderdag	n	de · mv. donderdagen	Thursday
donderdag	d		on Thursday
zaterdag	n	de · mv. zaterdagen	Saturday
zaterdag	d		on Saturday
maandag	n	de · mv. maandagen	Monday
maandag	d		on Monday
dinsdag	n	de · mv. dinsdagen	Tuesday
dinsdag	d		on Tuesday
woensdag	n	de · mv. woensdagen	Wednesday
woensdag	d		on Wednesday
diss	n	de · mv. disses	a diss
Christine	m		a female given name
licht	a		light, of little weight; easy, mild; light, bright
licht	n	het · mv. lichten	light, illumination; light source; inspiration (in z'n licht opsteken)
roes	n	de · mv. roezen	intoxication; haze; high
islam	n	de	Islam
python	n	de · mv. pythons	python, constrictor of the family Pythonidae
trots	n	de	pride
trots	a		proud
trots	p		despite
consult	n	het · mv. consulten	consult, consultation
freon	n	de · mv. freonen	Freon
valg	n	de · mv. valgen	fallow
lychee	n	de · mv. lychees	lychee (Litchi chinensis)
omerta	n	de · mv. omertas	omertà, (extensively) wall of silence, code of silence
dengue	n	de	dengue, febrile disease caused by the Dengue virus
Frans	a		French
Frans	m		French (language); a male given name, equivalent to English Francis
ambidexter	a		ambidexter
subwoofer	n	de · mv. subwoofers	subwoofer (a woofer dedicated to the reproduction of low-pitched audio…
metroseksueel	a		metrosexual
areola	n	de · mv. areola's	areola (circle around a nipple)
zeeland	n	het · mv. zeelanden	land adjacent to the sea, coastal land
huid	n	de · mv. huiden	skin; hide; the hull of a ship or aircraft
taco	n	de · mv. taco's	taco
Halloween	n	het · mv. Halloweens	Halloween (October 31st)
elpee	n	de · mv. elpees	LP
Mohammed	m		Muhammad (prophet of Islam)
detective	n	de · mv. detectives	private detective; work of detective fiction, such as a detective novel, film, or series
oma	n	de · mv. oma's	grandma, granny, nan; any old woman
emir	n	de · mv. emirs	emir (an Islamic prince or leader)
vlog	n	de/het · mv. vlogs	vlog
vlogger	n	de · mv. vloggers	a vlogger
fakir	n	de · mv. fakirs	fakir
Fatima	m		a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
gothic	n	de · mv. gothics	a goth, a member of gothic subculture; the goth subculture
lint	n	het · mv. linten	a ribbon, a cloth band or non-textile (non-adhesive) tape; a decoration, a medal, especially in chivalric, civil and military contexts
CU	m		ChristianUnion, a conservative Christian social political party in the…
Hassan	m		a male given name from Arabic
singleton	n	de · mv. singletons	a singleton (lone playing card); a singleton (design pattern, class, set)
blunder	n	de · mv. blunders	a blunder, serious error or mistake
lolita	n	de · mv. lolita's	lolita, nymphet
medio	p		in the middle of
heilige	n	de · mv. heiligen	a Christian believer who is believed to have performed miracles and to…; a Christian believer, a member of the church; a Muslim believer who is believed to have performed miracles and to…
kosmonaut	n	de · mv. kosmonauten	a (male) cosmonaut (astronaut, usually a Russian or Soviet one)
TBS	n	de	terbeschikkingstelling
nabla	n	de · mv. nabla's	nabla, ∇
crème	n	de · mv. crèmes	cream (color/colour); cream (ointment)
Tanger	m		Tangier (a port city, the capital of the region of Tangier-Tetouan-Al…
sulky	n	de · mv. sulky's	sulky (light, two-wheeled, horse-drawn cart used in harness racing)
retro	n	de	retro style
retro	a		retro (of, or relating to, the past, past times, or the way things were)
guerrilla	n	de · mv. guerrilla's	a guerrilla war; guerrilla warfare; a guerrilla fighter
eloquent	a		eloquent
opdrachtgever	n	de · mv. opdrachtgevers	a commissioner, one who commissions an action
smoking	n	de · mv. smokings	tuxedo, dinner jacket
turbulent	a		turbulent
dissident	n	de · mv. dissidenten	dissident
Marokko	m		Morocco (a country in North Africa)
expo	n	de · mv. expo's	expo, exposition
graf	n	het · mv. graven	grave
graf	d		very
Bahr	m		a hamlet in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kramer	m		a surname originating as an occupation
geit	n	de · mv. geiten	goat, any member of the genus Capra; goat (Capra aegagrus) or the domesticated goat (Capra aegagrus hircus); any female of the genus Capra or of the above (sub)species
gingivitis	n	de	gingivitis
Aalst	m		Aalst (a city in East Flanders, Flanders, Belgium); Aalst (an arrondissement of East Flanders, Flanders, Belgium); a village and former municipality of Zaltbommel, Gelderland, Netherlands
potpourri	n	de · mv. potpourri's	several songs strung together (medley); a mixture of dried fragrant plant material, often in a decorative bowl, used…; a number of varied literary articles
vv	n		VC (“volleyball club”); abbreviation of volleybalvereniging…; SC (“soccer club”) or FC (“football club”)
sinus	n	de · mv. sinussen	sine; sinus
leiden	v	leidde – geleid	to lead, to take the lead; to guide; to lead, to go, to follow a path to
ISS	m		ISS; the International Space Station
nat	a		wet
nat	n	het	moisture
abortus	n	de · mv. abortussen	abortion, induced abortion; miscarriage, spontaneous abortion
janet	n	de · mv. janetten	an effeminate man; an effeminate homosexual
Aristoteles	m		Aristotle
avg	n	de · mv. avg's	A stereotypical Dutch dinner consisting of a piece of meat, boiled potatoes,…
memo	n	de/het · mv. memo's	memo (reminder, short note)
regent	n	de · mv. regenten	regent, acting head of state in a monarch's place
hu	i		brr (an expression of cold, fear or disgust, as if shuddering); giddyup (exclamation to urge on an animal)
Bagdad	m		Baghdad (the capital city of Iraq); Baghdad (a governorate of Iraq)
dixi	n	de · mv. dixi's	portable toilet
Joegoslavië	m		Yugoslavia (a former country in Southeastern Europe in the Balkans, now…
garde	n	de · mv. gardes	a whisk, a beater; a rod, penal implement; a guard (body of guards), especially an elite unit
cellist	n	de · mv. cellisten	cellist
sentiment	n	het · mv. sentimenten	sentiment
infarct	n	het · mv. infarcten	infarct
assistent	n	de · mv. assistenten	assistant, person who assists, aid
ces	n	de · mv. cessen	C-flat
donor	n	de · mv. donoren	a donor; an organ donor
scheren	v	schoor – geschoren	to shave (reflexive pronouns are used for self-directed actions); to shear; to order, arrange, prepare
sparen	v	spaarde – gespaard	to spare, leave untouched; to save up
ballerina	n	de · mv. ballerina's	ballerina
dong	n	de	dung, manure; dong, the currency of Vietnam
curator	n	de · mv. curatoren	curator, one who manages a collection; curator, one who manages an estate; liquidator appointed by a judge after bankruptcy
chemo	n	de · mv. chemo's	chemotherapy
röntgen	n	de	röntgen
teamwork	n	het	teamwork
peritoneum	n	het · mv. peritonea	peritoneum
peritonitis	n	de	peritonitis
hacken	v	hackte – gehackt	to hack (to attempt to gain illegitimate access)
pacifist	n	de · mv. pacifisten	a pacifist
pissen	v	piste – gepist	to piss
malware	n	de	malware
ignorant	a		ignorant
motte	n	de · mv. mottes	a raised earth mound, often topped with a wooden or stone structure and…
supplement	n	het · mv. supplementen	a supplement, addition; a surcharge, additional cost; a supplementary angle, which, when added to a given angle, makes 180°
stremmen	v	stremde – gestremd	to block, to obstruct; to curdle
Schrift	m		synonym of Bijbel (“Bible”)
perron	n	het · mv. perrons	a boarding platform on which passengers wait for a train: it is next to a spoor
Hof	m		a neighbourhood of Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
app	n	de · mv. apps	an app; a text message sent using an app; a chat on a text messaging app, particularly a group chat
Bus	m		a hamlet in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
bitumen	n	het · mv. bitumina	bitumen, mineral pitch
opossum	n	de · mv. opossums	opossum, marsupial of the family Didelphidae
Corsica	m		Corsica (an island and administrative region of France, in the Mediterranean…
Halle	m		a city in Flemish Brabant, Belgium; a village in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands; a city in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany
donjon	n	de · mv. donjons	donjon, keep
temperament	n	het · mv. temperamenten	the usual mood of a person, or typical manner of thinking, behaving, and…; temperament: a tendency to become irritable or angry, temper; temperament: a specific system of note pitches of a musical instrument
TGV	m		TGV (French high-speed train)
hoi	i		A greeting acknowledging someone’s arrival or presence, comparable to…; A farewell acknowledging someone's departure, comparable to English goodbye, bye
Heer	m		Lord, God; a neighbourhood and former municipality of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Benelux	m		Benelux (an economic and customs union made up of Belgium, the Netherlands…; Benelux (a region of Europe, consisting of the countries which constitute…
storing	n	de · mv. storingen	malfunction; disruption; interference
indien	c		if
indien	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of indienen
Schimmel	m		a surname
syfilis	n	de	syphilis
Elen	m		a village and former municipality of Dilsen-Stokkem, Belgium
Sumatra	m		Sumatra (the largest island entirely in Indonesia and the world’s sixth…
grill	n	de · mv. grills	grill
mandag	n	de · mv. mandaggen	one day of labour by one person; a man-day
ara	n	de · mv. ara's	a macaw; any bird of the genus Ara; any of various parrot species of different genera that resemble those of…
ara	v		give
armband	n	de · mv. armbanden	bracelet
hui	n	de	whey
bigot	a		holier-than-thou, excessively pious; sanctimonious
bigot	n	de · mv. bigotten	a holier-than-thou person, an extremely pious person
radiator	n	de · mv. radiators	radiator (device to emit heat)
balts	n	de	courtship display (especially by birds)
diastole	n	de · mv. diastoles	diastole
dinosaurus	n	de · mv. dinosaurussen	dinosaur, archosaur of the super-order Dinosauria
plexus	n	de · mv. plexussen	plexus
techno	n	de	techno (musical genre)
Ceres	m		a neighbourhood of Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
jee	i		an expression of surprise: gosh, golly, gee
tilt	n	de · mv. tilts	only used in op tilt
pino	n	de · mv. pino's	Bloke, rando, guy; Sex object. acronym of potentieel interessant neukobject
ballet	n	het · mv. balletten	ballet
lassen	v	laste – gelast	to weld
Handel	m		a village in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
dealen	v	dealde – gedeald	to sell drugs
bodega	n	de · mv. bodega's	bodega, winery, wine bar; bodega, storeroom, cellar
har	n	de · mv. harren	hinge; gap, narrow opening (especially of doors, windows and hatches)
nog	d		still, as before; yet; more, in addition
anticlimax	n	de · mv. anticlimaxen	anticlimax
stellen	v	stelde – gesteld	to position; place; to state, to put forward (a question or problem)
verlies	n	het · mv. verliezen	loss, defeat; losing someone or something
pierement	n	het · mv. pierementen	a (large) street organ
auteur	n	de · mv. auteurs	author; composer, artist, creator of a work
lepra	n	de	leprosy
sari	n	de · mv. sari's	sari (women's garment from the Indian subcontinent)
detector	n	de · mv. detectors	detector
enclave	n	de · mv. enclaves	enclave
orzo	n	de · mv. orzo's	orzo
karst	n	de · mv. karsten	karst (terrain with caves formed by limestone dissolution by underground…
grot	n	de · mv. grotten	cave, cavern
sneaker	n	de · mv. sneakers	sneaker
knoopsgat	n	het · mv. knoopsgaten	buttonhole
voorbeeld	n	het · mv. voorbeelden	example; role model; preview
blister	n	de · mv. blisters	blister pack
tauon	n	het · mv. tauonen	tauon
kaon	n	het · mv. kaonen	kaon
cavalcade	n	de · mv. cavalcades	horse parade, cavalcade
provocateur	n	de · mv. provocateurs	provocateur
rollen	v	rolde – gerold	to roll; to dupe, cheat on; to pickpocket, to pinch
malen	v	maalde – gemalen	to grind; to worry, overthink; to paint
beginnen	v	begon – begonnen	to begin
denken	v	dacht – gedacht	to think
sok	n	de · mv. sokken	sock
kol	n	de · mv. kollen	witch; white spot on the forehead of a horse or a cow
kol	a		difficult, troublesome; magical
jok	n	de · mv. jokken	jest; frivolous, unserious intent or mood; joke, jest, prank
impetigo	n	de	impetigo
schaden	v	schaadde – geschaad	to damage, to harm, to hurt
theoretisch	a		theoretical
envelop	n	de · mv. enveloppen	an envelope, closing paper wrapper as used for mailing
herbarium	n	het · mv. herbaria	herbarium; herbarium book
Jemen	m		Yemen (a country in West Asia in the Middle East)
bonk	n	de · mv. bonken	lump, clod; large, coarse man; gorilla, hulk
thallus	n	de/het · mv. thalli	thallus
Belg	n	de · mv. Belgen	Belgian (inhabitant of Belgium)
Thanksgiving	n	de	Thanksgiving
stalker	n	de · mv. stalkers	stalker (a person who secretly follows someone, sometimes with unlawful…
krom	a		bent, curved, not straight; off, weird, irregular, flawed
nerts	n	de · mv. nertsen	European mink, Mustela lutreola; the pelt of a mink
gewinnen	v	gewon – gewonnen	to acquire as the result of a struggle or contest; to beget
bestellen	v	bestelde – besteld	to order, demand delivery; to deliver
kiel	n	de · mv. kielen	bottom of a ship: the keel
deuteron	n	het · mv. deuteronen	deuteron, deuterium nucleus
triton	n	de · mv. tritons	triton, tritium nucleus
Triton	m		Triton
aluminiumfolie	n	de/het · mv. aluminiumfolies	aluminium foil (foil made of aluminium)
skateboard	n	het · mv. skateboards	skateboard
wissen	v	wiste – gewist	to erase
richtig	a		correct; just; straight even
richten	v	richtte – gericht	to direct, aim
essayist	n	de · mv. essayisten	an essayist, an essay writer
iel	a		thin, slender
iel	i		ew
zymase	n	de · mv. zymasen	zymase, enzymatic ferment functioning as a catalyst for converting…
zouk	n	de	zouk
symbolisch	a		symbolic
symbolisch	d		symbolically
allegorisch	a		allegorical, allegoric
anders	d		otherwise; differently
cd	n	de · mv. cd's	CD, compact disc
relict	n	het · mv. relicten	relict
blender	n	de · mv. blenders	blender (kitchen appliance)
mixer	n	de · mv. mixers	mixer (device, esp. kitchen appliance, for mixing); music mixer
amplitude	n	de · mv. amplitudes	amplitude
taser	n	de · mv. tasers	a taser (electro-stun weapon)
sabbat	n	de · mv. sabbatten	Sabbath
luster	n	de · mv. lusters	a chandelier, an ostentatious ceiling light
haven	n	de · mv. havens	harbour; port
multimeter	n	de · mv. multimeters	multimeter
Boer	m		a surname, Boer; a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
supercontinent	n	het · mv. supercontinenten	supercontinent (large landmass consisting of multiple continents or an…
boer	n	de · mv. boeren	a (male) farmer, peasant; a boor, yokel, ruffian, rustic; a merchant (and sometimes producer) of a certain product group, mainly…
kunst	n	de · mv. kunsten	art; prowess, ability
labrador	n	de · mv. labradors	labrador, Labrador retriever; labradorite
wartaal	n	de · mv. wartalen	gibberish, jargon
Teheran	m		Tehran (the capital city of Iran); Tehran (a province of Iran)
façade	n	de · mv. façades	façade (of a building); façade (deceptive outward appearance); face
rubella	n	de	rubella
parasitologie	n	de	parasitology
zigeuner	n	de · mv. zigeuners	Gypsy, member of the Roma; gypsy, person who leads a nomadic life
eis	n	de · mv. eisen	requirement; demand
westen	n	het	west
sanatorium	n	het · mv. sanatoria	sanatorium (institution that treats chronic diseases and provides supervised…
nek	n	de · mv. nekken	nape of the neck; neck
Levant	m		Levant (a cultural region of West Asia consisting of the eastern…
sensor	n	de · mv. sensoren	sensor
producen	v	producete – geproducet	to produce (music or film)
holler	n	de · mv. hollers	a (hurried) runner
enfin	d		finally; “in the end”; implies that a summary of something will follow
sepsis	n	de	sepsis
intolerant	a		intolerant
waar	d		where, in which place; where, the place that; what, which thing
waar	a		true; authentic; legitimate
waar	n	de · mv. waren	a commodity, ware, merchandise, product
rug	n	de · mv. ruggen	back, backside; ridge
gewicht	n	het · mv. gewichten	weight; a pair of antlers; an antler
rappen	v	rapte – gerapt	to rap (speak lyrics in the style of rap music)
schelm	n	de · mv. schelmen	rogue, scoundrel, fiend; imp, prankster, rascal
eisen	v	eiste – geëist	to demand; to claim; to require
velo	n	de · mv. velos	bicycle
epilepsie	n	de	epilepsy
helikopter	n	de · mv. helikopters	helicopter
bara	n	de · mv. bara's	vada (a savoury doughnut made of mung bean flour)
Lapland	m		Lapland
sector	n	de · mv. sectoren	sector
hinterland	n	het · mv. hinterlanden	hinterland (rural territory, backwater)
plateau	n	het · mv. plateaus	plateau (level expanse of land); plateau (comparatively stable level); plateau (tray) (Southern)
prairie	n	de · mv. prairies	prairie
serenade	n	de · mv. serenades	serenade
Tadzjikistan	m		Tajikistan (a country in Central Asia)
kort	a		short
debutant	n	de · mv. debutanten	one who debuts, a debutant or debutante
debutante	n	de · mv. debutantes	a debutante, a woman who debuts
terril	n	de · mv. terrils	slag heap
immer	d		always
muffin	n	de · mv. muffins	muffin (cupcake-shaped baked good)
nota	n	de · mv. nota's	notice, official message or document
balkon	n	het · mv. balkons	balcony
skyr	n	de	skyr
dagblad	n	het · mv. dagbladen	daily newspaper
til	n	de · mv. tillen	dovecote
Edgar	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Edgar
Palestina	m		Palestine (a country in Western Asia, in the Middle East; the State of…; Palestine (region in the southern Levant, covering modern-day Palestine and…
mager	a		lean, (nearly) without fat; meager, skinny, thin; poor, pitiful, skim
tasten	v	tastte – getast	to feel with the hands, to grope
gladius	n	de · mv. gladii	Roman short sword; gladius
Holz	m		a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
lessen	v	leste – gelest	to quench (thirst); to take a lesson (usually a driving lesson)
ramen	v	raamde – geraamd	to make an estimate; to fix an estimate, to budget; to stretch on a frame, as done with cloth to be dried
ramen	n	de	ramen (Japanese dish)
machete	n	de · mv. machetes	machete
Erica	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
webinar	n	de/het · mv. webinars	webinar (interactive seminar conducted via Internet)
tilapia	n	de · mv. tilapia's	tilapia (Tilapia spp.)
acquis	n	het	acquis (totality of EU legislation and court decisions)
haggis	n	de	haggis
indicator	n	de · mv. indicatoren	indicator
ketamine	n	de	ketamine
aerobics	n		aerobics (type of exercise to music)
Gerrit	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Gerard
springen	v	sprong – gesprongen	to jump, to leap; to explode, to shatter
wellness	n	de	wellness
Ljubljana	m		Ljubljana (the capital city of Slovenia)
Zelt	m		a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
voilà	i		voilà, there it is
kroepoek	n	de	prawn crackers, or any other deep-fried crackers from Indonesian (Javanese)…
houten	a		wooden, made of wood
houten	v	houtte – gehout	to paint something, so as to give the impression that it is made of…
Heide	m		a village in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Heumen, Gelderland, Netherlands
schal	n	de · mv. schallen	a resonating sound or noise
jingle	n	de · mv. jingles	a jingle (song segment used in a commercial or radio program; also used for…
competent	a		competent
houtig	a		woody (of plants or plant parts)
specht	n	de · mv. spechten	woodpecker, bird of the family Picidae
Robbe	m		a surname
gelatine	n	de · mv. gelatines	gelatine
Schild	m		Scutum
bastion	n	het · mv. bastions	bastion; a projecting part of a rampart
serie	n	de · mv. series	series
Tinte	m		a village in Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
docent	n	de · mv. docenten	teacher, docent
cognac	n	de · mv. cognacs	cognac
desktop	n	de · mv. desktops	desktop computer; main graphical user interface of a system
fuckhoofd	n	het · mv. fuckhoofden	fuckhead
hoofd	n	het · mv. hoofden	head; head (of an organisation), chief, boss; a transversal dam or pier at the entrance of a sea harbour
upload	n	de · mv. uploads	upload (file transfer)
Pericles	m		Pericles
aileron	n	de · mv. ailerons	aileron (aeroplane part)
voicemail	n	de · mv. voicemails	voicemail, voice mailbox (system); voicemail, voice message (message)
oder	c		or
esp	n	de · mv. espen	aspen, Populus tremula
cascade	n	de · mv. cascades	cascade (waterfall or series of small waterfalls)
Bart	m		a male given name
flink	a		large, considerable; stalwart, brave, sturdy
flink	d		considerably, very
flink	n	de · mv. flinken	A sturdy or stalwart person
bidon	n	de · mv. bidons	a bidon; a sports drinking bottle, especially one used on a bicycle
hors	n	het · mv. horsen	horse
morgen	d		tomorrow
morgen	n	de · mv. morgens	morning
dropping	n	de · mv. droppings	airdrop (act of dropping goods, equipment, or personnel from an aircraft); game in which people are brought to an unknown location, from which they…
introvert	a		introvert
introvert	n	de · mv. introverten	an introverted person
bandage	n	de · mv. bandages	bandage
ficus	n	de · mv. ficussen	A fig; any plant belonging to the genus Ficus
sampan	n	de · mv. sampans	sampan (Chinese wooden boat)
jogger	n	de · mv. joggers	a jogger, some who jogs
targe	n	de · mv. targes	a targe (concave, round or variously shaped shield)
Madagaskar	m		Madagascar (an island and country off the east coast of Africa)
Luxemburg	m		Luxembourg (a small country in Western Europe); Luxembourg (a province of Wallonia, Belgium); Luxembourg, Luxembourg City (the capital city of Luxembourg)
Nederland	m		Netherlands (the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands,…; Kingdom of the Netherlands (official name of the Netherlands: a country…; a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
gulp	n	de · mv. gulpen	fly; opening in a man's pants to facilitate relieving himself
potent	a		potent, forceful; capable of procreation, potent
Libanon	m		Lebanon (a country in West Asia in the Middle East)
barracuda	n	de · mv. barracuda's	barracuda, fish of the genus Sphyraena
babysitter	n	de · mv. babysitters	babysitter
decennium	n	het · mv. decennia	a decade, a period of ten years
rapier	n	het · mv. rapieren	rapier
aids	n	de	AIDS
schol	n	de · mv. schollen	floating plate (e.g. ice floe or tectonic plate); ice floe; European plaice (Pleuronectes platessa, a species of flatfish)
schol	i		cheers (toast when drinking)
sprot	n	de · mv. sprotten	sprat (Sprattus sprattus), a small, herring-like fish
buurt	n	de · mv. buurten	neighborhood, part of town; vicinity, proximity
kaap	n	de · mv. kapen	a cape, headland; privateering, attacking and looting enemy ships under the auspices of one's…
fairway	n	de · mv. fairways	fairway: the area between the tee and the green, where the grass is cut short
dé	t		the most excellent
plectrum	n	het · mv. plectrums	plectrum, pick (object for plucking certain string instruments)
scepter	n	de · mv. scepters	sceptre
burg	n	de · mv. burgen	synonym of burcht (“fortified place, fortress”)
medicus	n	de · mv. medici	doctor, physician
skit	n	de · mv. skits	skit (“short comedic performance”)
olifant	n	de · mv. olifanten	elephant
Julia	m		a female given name
emeritus	a		emeritus
attaché	n	de · mv. attachés	attaché
baklava	n	de · mv. baklava's	baklava
puree	n	de · mv. purees	puree
headliner	n	de · mv. headliners	headliner (headlining band or performer at a concert or similar event)
baguette	n	de · mv. baguettes	baguette (bread); baguette (gem cut in a long rectangular shape); drumstick
liken	v	likete – geliket	to like (on social media)
België	m		Belgium (a country in Western Europe that has borders with the Netherlands,…
panty	n	de · mv. panty's	a pantyhose, nylon tights worn about legs by women
delict	n	het · mv. delicten	crime, wrong
Jesse	m		a male given name
Denise	m		a female given name, equivalent to English Denise
Tokio	m		Tokyo (a prefecture, the capital and largest city of Japan)
Openbaring	m		the Bible Book of Revelation
Isabella	m		a female given name
bazooka	n	de · mv. bazooka's	bazooka (antitank weapon)
realpolitik	n	de	realpolitik
gebed	n	het · mv. gebeden	prayer
aerogram	n	het · mv. aerogrammen	aerogram (a thin piece of foldable and gummed paper for writing a letter and…
financier	n	de · mv. financiers	financier, sponsor
gabber	n	de · mv. gabbers	a guy; a friend; a pal
headline	n	de · mv. headlines	headline (heading or title of a magazine or newspaper article); headline (top-billed attraction)
mantel	n	de · mv. mantels	cape, cloak, mantle; the mantle of a planet; the hull of an object
handsfree	a		handsfree
macht	n	de · mv. machten	political power, control; power, might, capability; a power in international politics
lobby	n	de · mv. lobby's	lobby (entryway or reception area); lobby (class or group of interested people who try to influence public…; act of lobbying
giechelen	v	giechelde – gegiecheld	to giggle
Akkadisch	m		Akkadian
Akkadisch	a		Akkadian
af	d		off; off, from (implying motion)
af	a		finished, done (when working on something); out, dismissed from play under the rules of the game, e.g. by having been tagged
Bruno	m		a male given name
ziekenhuis	n	het · mv. ziekenhuizen	a hospital, medical care facility; an infirmary
bully	n	de · mv. bully's	bully (way of resuming the game with a standoff between two opposing players…
escort	n	de · mv. escorts	escort (sex worker)
brunet	a		brunette, having brown hair
trips	n	de · mv. tripsen	thrips
Sint	n	de · mv. Sinten	Saint; Sinterklaas
nes	n	de · mv. nessen	headland, spit
foto	n	de · mv. foto's	photo, photograph
buffer	n	de · mv. buffers	a buffer for storage; a buffer, margin for safety; a buffer (device on trains and carriages designed to cushion the impact…
diva	n	de · mv. diva's	a diva
kost	n	de · mv. kosten	cost, expenses; board, livelihood, meals and lodgings; food, nourishment
ensemble	n	het · mv. ensembles	ensemble; ensemble (group of musicians); troupe
Latijn	m		Latin language
Latijn	n	de · mv. Latijnen	Latin, a citizen of Ancient Rome or the region of Latium
waren	v	waarde – gewaard	to wander, to roam; to watch; to protect
glop	n	het · mv. gloppen	opening, hole, crevice; alley, narrow passage, narrow street; open space, clearing
barricade	n	de · mv. barricades	a barricade
hest	v		synonym of hebst
prins	n	de · mv. prinsen	prince
nummer	n	het · mv. nummers	number used as a means of identification; number (used to show the rank of something in a list or sequence); a song or musical performance
atten	v	atte – geat	to empty a glass by drinking it in one draught; to down, to chug
tekst	n	de · mv. teksten	text; lyrics
historie	n	de · mv. historiën	history
hork	n	de · mv. horken	A blunt, somewhat rude person; wasp
gen	n	het · mv. genen	gene
spammer	n	de · mv. spammers	a spammer
Borneo	m		Borneo, a Pacific island shared by Indonesia, Malaysia and Brunei; a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
kant	n	de · mv. kanten	side, face (of an object); side (as opposed to top or bottom); way, direction
boks	n	de · mv. boksen	a box, a punching move; fist bump
kalender	n	de · mv. kalenders	calendar
shoarma	n	de	shawarma
anapest	n	de · mv. anapesten	anapest
spies	n	de · mv. spiesen	spike, long spear, pike; skewer
entree	n	de · mv. entrees	the entrance to a house, i.e. the room beyond the front door, from which…; the right of entry to a building or land where there is no general right of…; the price of entry
reflex	n	de · mv. reflexen	reflex (automatic response by an organism)
kaste	n	de · mv. kasten	a caste, hereditary Indian socio-religious class (except the 'unclean'…; a similarly closed social class, especially if rather impenetrable -notably…; any closed, social and/or hierarchic group, such as a priesthood or a…
colchicine	n	de	colchicine
flou	a		blurred, unclear
darter	n	de · mv. darters	a darts player, a darter
kakapo	n	de · mv. kakapo's	the kakapo, Strigops habroptila
trigger	n	de · mv. triggers	trigger
gangster	n	de · mv. gangsters	gangster
gangster	a		cool, awesome
oeuvre	n	het · mv. oeuvres	oeuvre
baptist	n	de · mv. baptisten	Baptist (Protestant denomination practicing adult baptism, of English origin); baptiser; epithet of John the Baptist
frees	n	de · mv. frezen	milling cutter
nicotine	n	de	nicotine (C₁₀H₁₄N₂, alkaloid)
rede	n	de · mv. redes	reason (as a concept); address, discourse, speech; a place to anchor, anchorage
psychose	n	de · mv. psychoses	psychosis
aula	n	de · mv. aula's	the auditorium or main hall of a school or university
lat	n	de · mv. latten	a slat, a lath; LAT (living apart together)
loon	n	het · mv. lonen	wage, pay, reward
personage	n	het · mv. personages	character in a work of fiction
Marker	n	de · mv. Markers	an inhabitant of Marken, Noord-Holland
Marker	a		of or pertaining to Marken
bruin	a		brown
bruin	n	het · mv. bruinen	the color brown; heroin
Nes	m		a village and former municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a village in Ameland, Friesland, Netherlands; a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
gapper	n	de · mv. gappers	thief
talisman	n	de · mv. talismans	talisman, amulet
ep	n	de · mv. ep's	EP, extended play
nationalist	n	de · mv. nationalisten	nationalist
adrenaline	n	de	adrenaline
ballon	n	de · mv. ballonnen	balloon; hot-air balloon
stil	a		still, not moving; silent, soundless; quiet, pacific
HST	m		HST; initialism of Hubble Space Telescope
tallit	n	de/het · mv. tallitot	a tallit
manen	v	maande – gemaand	to urge, admonish; to demand, dun (especially a payment)
kop	n	de · mv. koppen	cup (for drinking); head; a (male) human
minnen	v	minde – gemind	to love; to neck, cuddle; to have an affinity for
zymose	n	de	zymosis, fermentation
soredium	n	het · mv. sorediën	soredium
agente	n	de · mv. agentes	female police officer; female spy
saldo	n	het · mv. saldi	balance on an account
ongeletterd	a		illiterate
guerrillero	n	de · mv. guerrillero's	a guerrilla fighter
logger	n	de · mv. loggers	lugger (small sailing vessel)
extremist	n	de · mv. extremisten	extremist
exhibitionist	n	de · mv. exhibitionisten	exhibitionist
Lucas	m		Luke (book of the Bible); Luke (traditional name of the author of the Gospel of Luke); a male given name from Ancient Greek
calva	n	de · mv. calva's	synonym of calvados (“French apple brandy”)
Windhoek	m		Windhoek (a city, the capital city of Namibia)
linoleum	n	het	linoleum
hof	n	de/het · mv. hoven	court, residence of a monarch or other high-placed person; court, entourage of a monarch or other high-placed person; court of law
rots	n	de · mv. rotsen	a rock
Eden	m		Eden (mythological garden in Genesis)
minibus	n	de · mv. minibussen	minibus, minivan
plebs	n	het	plebs, rabble, riffraff
luns	n	de · mv. lunzen	linchpin; any pin inserted into an opening to keep an object in place
hoes	n	de · mv. hoezen	cover
training	n	de · mv. trainingen	training (imparting or acquisition of skills, esp. in exercise and sports,…; a training session
taille	n	de · mv. tailles	waistline
frase	n	de · mv. frasen	phrase
loops	a		in heat/on heat
broodmager	a		very skinny
vergeetachtigheid	n	de	forgetfulness
betovering	n	de · mv. betoveringen	enchantment, charm, allure, beguilement; spell, bewitchment, witchery, magic
toneelstuk	n	het · mv. toneelstukken	play (artistic genre in which actors enact a story in front of a live audience)
toepassing	n	de · mv. toepassingen	application, act of applying; purpose, use; application, program
dineren	v	dineerde – gedineerd	to have a meal in the evening; to dine, to have dinner
schreeuwen	v	schreeuwde – geschreeuwd	to yell; to bellow; to shout
poes	n	de · mv. poezen	a female cat; a cat of either sex; a vagina, pussy
koe	n	de · mv. koeien	cow; a female of certain mammals, in particular bovines
rosé	n	de · mv. rosés	rosé wine
protium	n	het	protium
fuckbuddy	n	de · mv. fuckbuddy's	fuck buddy
zand	n	het	sand
moeras	n	het · mv. moerassen	swamp, morass
schaap	n	het · mv. schapen	sheep (a woolly ruminant animal of the genus Ovis); someone with very curly hair; sheep (unthinking follower)
mannetje	n	het · mv. mannetjes	the male of a species of animal or plant; man who performs odd jobs for money, often without paying tax; a man who flaunts his masculinity
schip	n	het · mv. schepen	ship (a large, water borne vessel); nave (the middle or body of a standard medieval church or cathedral,…
dakje	n	het · mv. dakjes	a circumflex diacritic
ezel	n	de · mv. ezels	donkey, ass (Equus asinus or Equus asinus asinus); fool, idiot; easel
portret	n	het · mv. portretten	portrait
beeld	n	het · mv. beelden	image; statue, sculpture; impression, idea
kombucha	n	de · mv. kombuchas	kombucha (fermented tea)
examen	n	het · mv. examens	exam, examination, major test
avance	n	de · mv. avances	overture, approach, advance (act of accosting)
piel	n	de · mv. pielen	duckling; penis
trees	n	de · mv. trezen	incompetent woman
swa	n	de · mv. swa's	mate, bud, friend
consigliere	n	de · mv. consiglieri	a legal counsel and advisor of a crime boss, in particular in the mafia
bescherming	n	de · mv. beschermingen	protection (state or quality of being protected); protection, shelter (something that protects)
oorlog	n	de · mv. oorlogen	war
verstoppen	v	verstopte – verstopt	to hide, conceal. Also reflexive; to clog
zerk	n	de · mv. zerken	gravestone, headstone
kobold	n	de · mv. kobolden	kobold
pels	n	de · mv. pelzen	a fur, the fur coat of certain mammals
ampul	n	de · mv. ampullen	an ampoule, small, closed (glass or artificial) vial, as used to dose medicine; a small jug, notably for liturgical use
mas	n	de · mv. massen	gold weight
Mandarijns	a		Mandarin
Mandarijns	m		the Mandarin language
idem	d		idem, ditto
steelpan	n	de · mv. steelpannen	deep pan or pot with a handle; steelpan, steel drum
dragen	v	droeg – gedragen	to carry; to wear (clothes); to transfer
drumstick	n	de · mv. drumsticks	a drumstick, the lower leg of a fowl (especially a chicken); a drumstick, a stick used for drumming
inferno	n	het · mv. inferno's	hell-like place or situation; hellfire; a large fire
lobbyist	n	de · mv. lobbyisten	lobbyist
kwik	n	het	mercury; the temperature
lijk	n	het · mv. lijken	the dead but otherwise (mostly) intact body, particularly of a human but…; leech
lijk	d		like
sprookje	n	het · mv. sprookjes	a usually old, allegorical short story; story presented as true that is not believable; dream come true (very desirable life)
daglicht	n	het	daylight
eiland	n	het · mv. eilanden	island
eilander	n	de · mv. eilanders	islander
chanson	n	het · mv. chansons	chanson (French, lyric-driven song)
garnering	n	de · mv. garneringen	garnish, embellishment, decoration; garnish
imago	n	het · mv. imago's	image; imago: the full grown form of an insect
procent	n	het · mv. procenten	percent
exempel	n	het · mv. exempelen	a short moralising didactic story about exemplary conduct; an example
ozon	n	de/het	ozone
nectar	n	de · mv. nectars	nectar, beverage drunk by the Olympians; nectar, liquid produced by flowers
beatbox	n	de · mv. beatboxen	beatbox
Lisa	m		a female given name
aanbod	n	het	offer; supply
Portland	m		a neighbourhood of Albrandswaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Osen	m		a hamlet in Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
wants	n	de · mv. wantsen	true bug (insect belonging to the Heteroptera, suborder within the Hemiptera)
gotisch	a		Gothic, pertaining to Gothic art and architecture; Gothic, pertaining to black letter
micrometer	n	de · mv. micrometers	micrometer (unit of measure); micrometer (measuring device)
marinade	n	de · mv. marinades	marinade
getto	n	het · mv. getto's	ghetto
hellen	v	helde – geheld	to incline
delinquent	n	de · mv. delinquenten	criminal
ramp	n	de · mv. rampen	disaster, catastrophe; an accident; a ramp
fundament	n	het · mv. fundamenten	basis; foundation, basis
immigrant	n	de · mv. immigranten	immigrant
spondee	n	de · mv. spondeeën	spondee
emigrant	n	de · mv. emigranten	emigrant
basilect	n	het · mv. basilecten	the basilect; the low-prestige register of a language, divergent from the…
dagen	v	daagde – gedaagd	to dawn; to light, illuminate, color by lighting; to rise
tante	n	de · mv. tantes	aunt (sister or sister-in-law of a parent); a woman, especially an older or assertive one
romper	n	de · mv. rompers	a one-piece garment for an infant or small child; a onesie or romper; an adult loungewear jumpsuit with short sleeves
bavarois	n	de · mv. bavarois	bavarois
stele	n		stele, a vertical stone structure
bodybuilding	n	het	bodybuilding
bodybuilder	n	de · mv. bodybuilders	bodybuilder
edik	n	de · mv. ediken	vinegar, especially dilute vinegar used as a drink
bak	n	de · mv. bakken	container, such as a box, a crate, a tray or a tub; a large amount, lots; drinking vessel, usually a cup or mug
eik	n	de · mv. eiken	oak tree (tree of the genus Quercus); oak wood
hel	n	de · mv. hellen	hell, an infernal afterlife; a terrible place or ordeal
hel	a		bright
pils	n	de/het · mv. pilsen	pilsner beer; lager beer
bros	a		brittle, having a tendency to break into many small pieces, especially of…
orka	n	de · mv. orka's	killer whale, orca (Orcinus orca)
koffie	n	de · mv. koffies	coffee (beverage); coffee (serving of the above beverage)
grein	n	het · mv. greinen	a small something; a grain
escadrille	n	de/het · mv. escadrilles	escadrille, small squadron; especially of aeroplanes
jammer	i		too bad, unfortunately
jammer	a		unfortunate, sad; too bad, a pity
prolepsis	n	de	prolepsis
bende	n	de · mv. bendes	gang, squad; mess as in: a disagreeable mixture of a large quantity of objects in…
vertaling	n	de · mv. vertalingen	translation
Neptunus	m		Neptune, the eighth planet of our solar system; Neptune, the Roman sea god
mangrove	n	de · mv. mangroven	a mangrove tree; a mangrove forest
folio	n	het · mv. folio's	folio (leaf of a book or manuscript); folio (sheet of paper folded in half); folio (book made of sheets of paper each folded in half)
aanraken	v	raakte aan – aangeraakt	to touch
eyeliner	n	de · mv. eyeliners	eyeliner
blusher	n	de · mv. blushers	synonym of blush
slinger	n	de · mv. slingers	the act of slinging; a pendulum. Such object in mechanics, e.g. on a clock; a garland, a line with party flags or similar decoration
gros	n	het · mv. grossen	a gross; a dozen dozens, 144; the bulk, largest part, largest proportion, majority
binden	v	bond – gebonden	to tie; to wrap; to bind (generally, legally/contractually)
incongruent	a		incongruent, incompatible, not in agreement
Priscilla	m		Priscilla (Biblical character from Acts); a female given name from Latin
christen	n	de · mv. christenen	Christian
compressor	n	de · mv. compressors	compressor
divergent	a		divergent
sas	n	de/het · mv. sassen	good spirit; sluice; an explosive or highly flammable compound used in various explosives such as…
benefice	n	de/het · mv. benefices	an office, privilege or advantage; a charitable event or institution
ding	n	het · mv. dingen	matter, thing
rocker	n	de · mv. rockers	a rocker (rock musician or rock fan); a rocker (rock song)
vitrine	n	de · mv. vitrines	vitrine, showcase; shop window
creepy	a		creepy (scary or sexually disconcerting)
greige	n	het	greige (color between grey and beige)
greige	a		greige (of a color between grey and beige)
botanica	n	de	botany
idealist	n	de · mv. idealisten	an idealist
branding	n	de · mv. brandingen	breakers (foaming waves), surf
canapé	n	de · mv. canapés	canapé (food); canapé (furniture)
sachet	n	het · mv. sachets	sachet
anker	n	het · mv. ankers	anchor
salmonella	n	de · mv. salmonella's	salmonella, bacterium of the genus Salmonella
epaulet	n	de · mv. epauletten	epaulette
fluor	n	het	the chemical element fluorine (symbol: F)
halter	n	de · mv. halters	a dumbbell or barbell
portefeuille	n	de · mv. portefeuilles	wallet, billfold (small, folding sleeve for paper currency, driver's…; portfolio (post, set of responsibilities)
pulsar	n	de · mv. pulsars	pulsar
somber	a		somber (US), sombre (Commonwealth)
daven	v	daafde – gedaafd	to rage, to rant; to shake, to tremble, to waver
Christina	m		a female given name
masochist	n	de · mv. masochisten	a masochist; a glutton for punishment
Menno	m		a male given name
aasvogel	n	de · mv. aasvogels	bird feeding on carrion, vulture; vulture, a person who profits from the suffering of others
parallax	n	de · mv. parallaxen	parallax
merci	i		thank you
merci	n	de · mv. mercis	thank you
succulent	a		succulent, juicy; succulent (storing water in leaves or other tissue)
succulent	n	de · mv. succulenten	synonym of vetplant (“succulent plant”)
incontinent	a		incontinent (unable to restrain natural discharges)
lacrosse	n	het	lacrosse
dammen	v	damde – gedamd	to play checkers; to dam
dammen	n	het	checkers, draughts
planning	n	de · mv. planningen	planning; schedule
kool	n	de · mv. kolen	a cabbage, plant of genus Brassica; the edible leaves of a Brassica; coal
modaal	a		modal
pummel	n	de · mv. pummels	bumpkin (unsophisticated person, usually male)
misère	n	de · mv. misères	misery
militant	a		militant (belligerent, tending to violence, defensive)
militant	n	de · mv. militanten	a militant, combatant; a devoted supporter, activist
scriptorium	n	het · mv. scriptoria	scriptorium (place where manuscripts are produced)
psalter	n	het · mv. psalters	psalter (book of Psalms); psaltery (musical instrument)
gezegde	n	het · mv. gezegden	saying, proverb; predicate
gedachte	n	de · mv. gedachten	thought, idea
idee	n	het · mv. ideeën	idea; idea, notion
mening	n	de · mv. meningen	an opinion
opinie	n	de · mv. opinies	opinion
visie	n	de · mv. visies	vision
visioen	n	het · mv. visioenen	vision (something dreamlike or imaginary thought to be seen; mystical…
tiramisu	n	de · mv. tiramisu's	tiramisu
kinds	a		demented: literally like a child
incompetent	a		incompetent
reduceren	v	reduceerde – gereduceerd	to reduce
gerundium	n	het · mv. gerundiums	gerund
Theo	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Theo
unbiunium	n	het	unbiunium
Gaza	m		Gaza, Gaza City (a city in Palestine)
horeca	n	de	the hotel and catering industry
zijrivier	n	de · mv. zijrivieren	tributary (river which joins another, larger river)
afgeleefd	a		decrepit, worn with age; burned out, worn-out
aanval	n	de · mv. aanvallen	an act of aggression; assault, attack; a sudden convulsion
aanval	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanvallen
aardappel	n	de · mv. aardappelen	potato (tuber eaten as vegetable); potato plant (Solanum tuberosum)
aardig	a		friendly, nice; nice; considerable, substantial
achter	p		behind; beyond
gezocht	a		searched for, wanted
's-Gravenhage	m		synonym of Den Haag
zoeken	v	zocht – gezocht	to search; to look for, to seek
braadpan	n	de · mv. braadpannen	Dutch oven, casserole
carbide	n	het	carbide, C₂²⁻ or C⁴⁻
nitride	n	het · mv. nitriden	nitride
achtergrondmuziek	n	de	background music
treinspoor	n	het · mv. treinsporen	railway track
turbine	n	de · mv. turbines	turbine
sinaasappelboom	n	de · mv. sinaasappelbomen	orange tree
sorteren	v	sorteerde – gesorteerd	to sort
depot	n	de/het · mv. depots	a depot, a storage facility
correspondent	n	de · mv. correspondenten	a correspondent, in particular a reporter
afkorting	n	de · mv. afkortingen	abbreviation; abridgement
Nazareth	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
sediment	n	het · mv. sedimenten	sediment
okra	n	de · mv. okra's	okra (Abelmoschus esculentus)
halva	n	de · mv. halva's	halva
midden	n	het · mv. middens	middle, centre
midden	d		in the middle
Brussel	m		Brussels (the capital city of Belgium); any of the above legal entities decreeing from Brussels
Columbus	m		a surname; Columbus, chiefly in reference to Christopher Columbus
vega	n	de · mv. vega's	a vegetarian, a veggie
vega	a		veggie, vegetarian
hongersnood	n	de · mv. hongersnoden	famine
flaneur	n	de · mv. flaneurs	a person who walks the city in order to experience it
gigolo	n	de · mv. gigolo's	A gigolo, a male having sexual relationships for money
sirocco	n	de · mv. sirocco's	sirocco (wind on the Mediterranean originating from North Africa)
clement	a		clement
maar	d		only, just; as long as; only
maar	c		but; yet; only
combo	n	de · mv. combo's	combo (small musical group); combo (composite move)
twitcher	n	de · mv. twitchers	twitcher (avid birdwatcher, esp. one who travels long distances to observe…
laptop	n	de · mv. laptops	laptop (computer with a clamshell design, portable and foldable)
decaliter	n	de · mv. decaliters	decalitre, decaliter (10 litre)
bascule	n	de · mv. bascules	balance, balance scales; counterweight
Kosovo	m		Kosovo (a partly-recognized country on the Balkan Peninsula in Southeastern…
harder	n	de · mv. harders	a mullet, fish of the family Mugilidae; a flathead mullet, flathead grey mullet, Mugil cephalus
aai	n	de · mv. aaien	a stroke or caress
aak	n	de · mv. aken	barge (type of ship that sails on rivers)
aaien	v	aaide – geaaid	to stroke, to caress, to pet
lesbo	n	de · mv. lesbo's	lesbian
aalbes	n	de · mv. aalbessen	red currant or white currant (Ribes rubrum); the berry of this plant; a red or white currant
aalbessensap	n	het · mv. aalbessensappen	currant juice (of Ribes nigrum or Ribes rubrum)
Aken	m		Aachen, a city in Germany
aalbessenstruik	n	de · mv. aalbessenstruiken	currant bush
aalkorf	n	de · mv. aalkorven	eelpot, eelbuck (device for catching eels)
aalmoes	n	de · mv. aalmoezen	alms (gift to a beggar); charity, small gift, pittance
aalmoezenier	n	de · mv. aalmoezeniers	almoner; Roman Catholic chaplain, padre
aalscholver	n	de · mv. aalscholvers	cormorant (a kind of seabird); great cormorant, (Phalacrocorax carbo)
machinist	n	de · mv. machinisten	locomotive operator; steam engines operator on a vessel; machinist, scenery operator in a theater
verhouten	v	verhoutte – verhout	to lignify
neushoorn	n	de · mv. neushoorns	rhinoceros, mammal of the family Rhinocerotidae
onderscheiden	v	onderscheidde – onderscheiden	to distinguish, to discriminate; to distinguish, discern; to treat with distinction
onderscheiden	a		various, different; diverse; several
giraf	n	de · mv. giraffen	a giraffe, mammal of the genus Giraffa
wars	a		disliking, having an aversion
onterven	v	onterfde – onterfd	to disinherit, to disown
revanche	n	de · mv. revanches	revenge, retaliation; a rematch in sports or games
wissel	n	de · mv. wissels	points; switch (in Flanders a "wissel" has the normal masculine grammatical…; substitution
wodka	n	de · mv. wodka's	vodka (clear distilled alcoholic liquor made from grain mash)
drom	n	de · mv. drommen	flock (of people), throng, crowd
columbarium	n	het · mv. columbaria	dovecote, columbarium
bijou	n	de · mv. bijoux	a piece of jewelry, often specifically with fake gems
waterman	n	de · mv. watermannen	water boy, water carrier
franchise	n	de · mv. franchises	franchise (exemption from financial or legal obligation); franchise (agreement between franchiser and franchisee)
Abchazisch	m		Abkhaz; language spoken in Abkhazia
coromandel	n	het	calamander, striped ebony (a heavy wood, brown in color with deep black…
influencer	n	de · mv. influencers	influencer
berceuse	n	de · mv. berceuses	a lullaby, especially one composed by a composer
luid	a		loud
luid	n	de · mv. luiden	sound; assertion
chocolatier	n	de · mv. chocolatiers	chocolatier
colporteur	n	de · mv. colporteurs	a door-to-door salesperson
crouton	n	de · mv. croutons	crouton
confronteren	v	confronteerde – geconfronteerd	to confront
flair	n	de/het	flair (talent or aptitude); intuition, sixth sense; flair (distinctive style or elegance)
opa	n	de · mv. opa's	granddad, grandpa, pops; any old man
Soto	m		a village in Curaçao
citadel	n	de · mv. citadellen	citadel
tras	n	het	trass, ground tuff; bagasse (the residue from processing sugar cane after the juice is extracted)
beroemd	a		famous, renowned
vrouw	n	de · mv. vrouwen	woman; wife
zilver	n	het	silver; argent, i.e. white
vuur	n	het · mv. vuren	fire; heater; a lighter
vuur	a		great, amazing, extraordinary, dope
uur	n	het · mv. uren	an hour, a period of time; the hour, the time of day; o'clock
zoon	n	de · mv. zoons	son
zeil	n	het · mv. zeilen	sail; tarpaulin, tarp
zus	n	de · mv. zussen	sister
zus	d		so, in such a way
zeep	n	de · mv. zepen	soap
werk	n	het · mv. werken	work, labor; profession, job, employment, line of work; workplace
wetenschap	n	de · mv. wetenschappen	knowledge; science, scholarly knowledge, scholarship (collective discipline of learning…; any academic discipline
wiel	n	het · mv. wielen	wheel
woord	n	het · mv. woorden	word
wens	n	de · mv. wensen	wish
wereld	n	de · mv. werelden	world
wijn	n	de · mv. wijnen	wine (an alcoholic beverage produced by a certain fermentation procedure;…
wolk	n	de · mv. wolken	visible mass of atmospheric water; visible mass of matter, in the medium air, resembling an atmospheric cloud; visible mass of matter in any medium, resembling an atmospheric cloud
antwoord	n	het · mv. antwoorden	answer, reply
avond	n	de · mv. avonden	evening, night
cirkel	n	de · mv. cirkels	circle
boerderij	n	de · mv. boerderijen	a farm
avondeten	n	het	supper, dinner, evening meal
baan	n	de · mv. banen	a track, lane; a job, professional occupation; orbit (path of one object around another)
fles	n	de · mv. flessen	bottle
feest	n	het · mv. feesten	party; feast; celebration
bibliotheek	n	de · mv. bibliotheken	library
broer	n	de · mv. broers	brother (male sibling); bro
brug	n	de · mv. bruggen	bridge (construction); bridge (dental prosthesis); a substantive connection in a discourse allowing one to move from one…
belofte	n	de · mv. beloften	promise, vow, pledge
bodem	n	de · mv. bodems	bottom (e.g. of a box or of the sea); soil, ground; territory
dak	n	het · mv. daken	roof
eeuw	n	de · mv. eeuwen	a century, 100 years; many years, a very long time; far too long, (an) eternity
doos	n	de · mv. dozen	box; vagina, cunt, twat; stupid female, cunt, twat (objectionable woman)
feit	n	het · mv. feiten	fact
gevangenis	n	de · mv. gevangenissen	a jail, a prison; especially an institution where convicts are incarcerated,…
gereedschap	n	het · mv. gereedschappen	tool; tools
groente	n	de · mv. groenten	vegetables; a (type of) vegetable
hoek	n	de · mv. hoeken	corner; angle; hook
glimlach	n	de · mv. glimlachen	smile
beest	n	het · mv. beesten	an animal, a beast; an animal kept as livestock, a head; a cruel, wild, uncivilised, uninhibited or brutal person
gebied	n	het · mv. gebieden	area, region; domain, subject area
deksel	n	de/het · mv. deksels	lid (top or cover of a container)
goud	n	het	gold; or, gold
chocolade	n	de	chocolate
grootvader	n	de · mv. grootvaders	grandfather
honger	n	de	hunger
hemel	n	de · mv. hemelen	sky, heavens (visible sky); heaven (divine abode; type of afterlife)
hemel	i		synonym of mijn hemel (“my goodness!; heavens!”)
hoeveelheid	n	de · mv. hoeveelheden	quantity, amount
krant	n	de · mv. kranten	newspaper
heuvel	n	de · mv. heuvels	hill
jaar	n	het · mv. jaren	year (the time it takes the Earth to circle the Sun; its equivalent on other…; year (the individuals associated with a year, notably the students in or…
kaars	n	de · mv. kaarsen	candle
raam	n	de/het · mv. ramen	window; frame, framework, context; estimate
antwoorden	v	antwoordde – geantwoord	to answer, reply
ademen	v	ademde – geademd	to breathe
afmaken	v	maakte af – afgemaakt	to finish; to kill, to finish off
afhangen	v	hing af – afgehangen	to depend
bouwen	v	bouwde – gebouwd	to build, to construct
bedekken	v	bedekte – bedekt	to cover, bedeck
beslissen	v	besliste – beslist	to decide, to determine; to decide, to make a definitive choice (between options)
betalen	v	betaalde – betaald	to pay; to pay for, suffer the consequences of
drogen	v	droogde – gedroogd	to dry
gebruiken	v	gebruikte – gebruikt	to use; to consume, to eat or drink (food or drink); to consume (resources or goods)
blijven	v	bleef – gebleven	to stay, to remain; to stay, to remain, to still be; to keep/keep on, to continue (remain doing/behaving)
dienen	v	diende – gediend	to serve; to ought to, to be to, be expected to
branden	v	brandde – gebrand	to burn, to set aflame, to be alight; to be lit; to burn, to write to a storage medium
breken	v	brak – gebroken	to break
brengen	v	bracht – gebracht	to bring, to carry; to deliver, to supply
bewegen	v	bewoog – bewogen	to move, to be in motion; to move, to cause to be in motion; to budge, to motivate, to spur, to induce
bijten	v	beet – gebeten	to bite
drijven	v	dreef – gedreven	to float; to drive, to push (cattle e.g.)
dromen	v	droomde – gedroomd	to dream
bevatten	v	bevatte – bevat	to contain; to comprehend
borstelen	v	borstelde – geborsteld	to brush
delen	v	deelde – gedeeld	to divide, to split up; to share; to divide
gebeuren	v	gebeurde – gebeurd	to happen
gebeuren	n	het	something which is happening or which happened; event
genieten	v	genoot – genoten	to enjoy oneself, to have a pleasant experience; to enjoy; to enjoy, to use or benefit from
huilen	v	huilde – gehuild	to cry, to weep; to howl, like a (were)wolf or wind
haten	v	haatte – gehaat	to hate
begrijpen	v	begreep – begrepen	to understand (concepts, ideas), to comprehend, to grasp
winnen	v	won – gewonnen	to win, to triumph, to be victorious (in); to acquire; to extract, to refine, to harvest (from base materials such as ore or crops)
wachten	v	wachtte – gewacht	to wait
zeggen	v	zei – gezegd	to say, tell
zinken	v	zonk – gezonken	to sink
zinken	a		made of zinc
zitten	v	zat – gezeten	to sit; to be, to be placed or located; Forms a continuous aspect. Although it carries an implication of sitting,…
verrassen	v	verraste – verrast	to surprise, to amaze, to awe
trouwen	v	trouwde – getrouwd	to marry
tekenen	v	tekende – getekend	to draw (by pencil); to sign (write a signature)
kloppen	v	klopte – geklopt	to knock or beat audibly; to defeat; to pulsate, like a heart
komen	v	kwam – gekomen	to come; to happen, to arise, to come to be, to be caused; synonym of klaarkomen (“to orgasm, come”)
buurman	n	de · mv. buurmannen	neighbour (male)
buurvrouw	n	de · mv. buurvrouwen	neighbour (female)
bui	n	de · mv. buien	shower (rain), or generally a bout (of bad weather such as snow); mood, episode
beroep	n	het · mv. beroepen	profession, vocation; appeal (act of invoking or appealing to something or someone, notably a…; appeal
boos	a		mad, angry; upset, frustrated; evil
blauw	a		blue; visibly bruised; pertaining to aquatic nature
blauw	n	het · mv. blauwen	the colour blue; police (especially in the phrase: blauw op straat (“police on the street”))
blij	a		happy; momentarily. For generally in life, see gelukkig; glad
blij	n	het · mv. blijen	lead (metal); the colour of lead
dichtbij	a		close, nearby
bewolkt	a		cloudy
doorzichtig	a		transparent
belangrijk	a		important
compleet	d		completely, thoroughly
compleet	a		complete
elektrisch	a		electric
droog	a		dry (not wet); arid (getting little precipitation); dry, dull, uninspired
donker	a		dark
donker	n	het	darkness, the dark
normaal	a		normal, usual, in accordance with what is common; normal, perpendicular
normaal	d		normally, usually
normaal	n	de · mv. normalen	normal (line or vector perpendicular to another element); normal, standard, the usual state
tevreden	a		content, satisfied
wakker	a		awake
vroeg	a		early
wreed	a		cruel, callous; wicked, cool, awesome
wreed	d		very, a lot
zoet	a		sweet-tasting; sweet, pleasant; calm
zoet	n	het	the sweet taste; sweets, such as candy; good things in life
zonnig	a		sunny; merry, cheerful
zwaar	a		heavy, hefty; strong, potent; big, sizeable
ziek	a		sick, ill; excellent
ziek	d		very
zacht	a		soft; gentle; mild (of weather)
vriendelijk	a		friendly, kind
vriendelijk	d		friendly, kindly
jong	a		young; new
jong	n	het · mv. jongen	a young: a young being, especially an immature animal
eenzaam	a		lonely, lonesome
druk	n	de · mv. drukken	pressure; edition, printing (of a publication)
druk	a		busy, crowded, hectic (of a place); busy, preoccupied (of a person); restless, uneasy
goedkoop	a		cheap, inexpensive, affordable; cheap (of inferior quality or little value); cheap, being uncharitable or simplistic
makkelijk	a		easy; complacent
kasteel	n	het · mv. kastelen	castle, either palatial or fortified; any large, opulent building, in particular a residence
kantoor	n	het · mv. kantoren	office; cabinet
keuken	n	de · mv. keukens	kitchen; cuisine
kok	n	de · mv. koks	cook, chef
koning	n	de · mv. koningen	a king, monarch; a king, top-dog; a king
koningin	n	de · mv. koninginnen	female monarchic ruler of a kingdom; consort of a king; queen
koorts	n	de · mv. koortsen	fever, illness or symptom; feverish obsession
knie	n	de · mv. knieën	a knee; a kneeing, a prod or blow with the knee
lepel	n	de · mv. lepels	spoon
leeuw	n	de · mv. leeuwen	lion; burial mound
liefde	n	de · mv. liefdes	love
lichaam	n	het · mv. lichamen	body; corpse, dead body; legal body, organisation such as a corporation, association or assembly
maand	n	de · mv. maanden	a month
maan	n	de · mv. manen	moon; mane
maaltijd	n	de · mv. maaltijden	meal
maag	n	de · mv. magen	stomach, gut; a member of one's kin, a blood relative
kans	n	de · mv. kansen	chance; opportunity; probability
lucht	n	de · mv. luchten	air (mixture of gases); sky; odour, smell
markt	n	de · mv. markten	a physical market place, usually a public square; The whole of trade, commercial activity; any specific economic sector where competitive trade occurs in goods or services
moeder	n	de · mv. moeders	mother, female parent
meisje	n	het · mv. meisjes	girl (especially of a premature age); girlfriend
minuut	n	de · mv. minuten	minute (unit of time)
nieuws	n	het	news
noot	n	de · mv. noten	nut; testicle, nut; note (musical note)
activiteit	n	de · mv. activiteiten	activity (state of being active); activity (something with which one is occupied); activity (movement)
afspraak	n	de · mv. afspraken	arrangement, agreement, understanding; appointment, date
afname	n	de · mv. afnames	decrease, decline, diminution, shrinkage; purchase, acquisition; sale, take-up
afname	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afnemen
afval	n	de/het	rubbish, garbage, trash; the act of dropping out (of a race etc.); apostasy, the act of rejecting a previous affiliation or belief
afval	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afvallen
broek	n	de · mv. broeken	a pair of trousers, pair of pants; a pair of underpants or pants (underwear), bottom part of underwear or…; a marsh, wetland
bruiloft	n	de · mv. bruiloften	wedding reception, wedding feast; wedding anniversary
bedreiging	n	de · mv. bedreigingen	threat, menace (something that poses a risk); threat, menace (that which expresses a threat)
boete	n	de · mv. boetes	fine, financial penalty; penance, paining atonement
bedreven	a		skillful
bruikbaar	a		usable, functional, operable; useful, handy
comfortabel	a		comfortable
diep	a		deep, down low; profound; intense
diep	n	het	the deep, profound part of a body of water; a canal
dochter	n	de · mv. dochters	daughter (female offspring); offshoot, something derivative or subordinate
bijzonder	a		special; unusual
gezicht	n	het · mv. gezichten	seeing, the ability to observe visually, vision, sight; face, front-side of a head; sight, visual impression, view, vision
geluk	n	het · mv. gelukken	luck, good luck; happiness
geboorte	n	de · mv. geboorten	birth
gebruik	n	het · mv. gebruiken	use; custom, practice
grap	n	de · mv. grappen	joke; an adverse event or unnecessary item that incurs a considerable cost
grens	n	de · mv. grenzen	physical, territorial border, frontier; boundary, limit, threshold
gevaar	n	het · mv. gevaren	danger, peril
geur	n	de · mv. geuren	a scent, smell, odour, odor; (notably the diminutive, with the indefinite article: een geurtje) An…
genot	n	het	pleasure
groep	n	de · mv. groepen	group; circuit in an electrical installation, protected by a circuit breaker
geluid	n	het · mv. geluiden	sound
geloof	n	het · mv. geloven	belief, conviction; faith, religion
gebeurtenis	n	de · mv. gebeurtenissen	event, occasion, occurrence
gif	n	het · mv. giffen	poison, venom, toxin; GIF (image format)
grootmoeder	n	de · mv. grootmoeders	grandmother
controle	n	de · mv. controles	checkup, investigation; control (having someone or something in one's power)
conditie	n	de · mv. condities	condition, state; condition, conditional clause; endurance
behalve	p		except
dus	d		so, therefore, thus, ergo
daarom	d		therefore, so, that's why; thereby, because of that
daarom	i		exactly, right, spot on; because, non-answer to a question of reason or purpose
binnenkort	d		soon
bijvoorbeeld	d		for example
altijd	d		always
alleen	a		alone, by oneself; lonely
alleen	d		only, exclusively; just, only, merely
actief	a		active
actief	n	het	active voice
afgelopen	a		last, past; finished, ended
algemeen	a		general; common
alles	r		everything
alsjeblieft	d		please; here you are
ander	a		other; different
ander	r		another, another person, someone else
jagen	v	joeg – gejaagd	to hunt; to tug (a boat) (not by other vessels); to move quickly
jongen	n	de · mv. jongens	a boy, any male child; members of a male 'peers' group, e.g. a military unit; Informal term used to address multiple children of masculine or mixed…
jongen	v	jongde – gejongd	to give birth, to have offspring, i.e. to deliver one or more young; to multiply, grow
haast	n	de	hurry, haste
haast	d		almost, nearly
hoogte	n	de · mv. hoogtes	height
helft	n	de · mv. helften	half
beschermen	v	beschermde – beschermd	to protect
boven	d		above; upstairs
boven	p		above
bijna	d		almost; soon
beker	n	de · mv. bekers	beaker, cup, chalice (drinking vessel, often but not always without a…; cup (trophy)
bezoek	n	het · mv. bezoeken	visit; visitors
eenheid	n	de · mv. eenheden	unity; unit (measure); unit (squad or party
gedrag	n	het	behaviour, conduct
geliefde	n	de · mv. geliefden	loved one
schaar	n	de · mv. scharen	a pair of scissors; a claw (e.g. of a crab)
schouder	n	de · mv. schouders	shoulder
varken	n	het · mv. varkens	pig (Sus scrofa domesticus); a swine, a dirty, gross or foul person
sleutel	n	de · mv. sleutels	a key; a wrench, a spanner; a clef
traan	n	de · mv. tranen	tear (in the eye); fish oil
toekomst	n	de · mv. toekomsten	future
tand	n	de · mv. tanden	natural tooth, more specifically incisor; artificial object of similar shape and/or purpose, as on a cartwheel
telefoon	n	de · mv. telefoons	telephone (device); telephone call
slaapkamer	n	de · mv. slaapkamers	bedroom
ster	n	de · mv. sterren	star (celestial body); a concave polygon with regular, pointy protrusions and indentations,…; an asterisk (*). (often used in the diminutive: sterretje)
stilte	n	de · mv. stilten	silence
soep	n	de · mv. soepen	soup, liquid dish; a mirky mess; chaos, trouble
sneeuw	n	de	snow (frozen precipitation); snow, static, noise (on a display screen); cocaine
smaak	n	de · mv. smaken	taste, sense of taste; taste, decorum
snelheid	n	de · mv. snelheden	speed, velocity
stof	n	het	dust; substance in general, matter, material; a specific substance or material
verzameling	n	de · mv. verzamelingen	collection; set
vrijheid	n	de · mv. vrijheden	freedom
voetbal	n	het	football, soccer (association football); football (the ball itself)
spel	n	het · mv. spellen	game; playing (e.g. of a musical instrument)
structuur	n	de · mv. structuren	structure
peper	n	de · mv. pepers	pepper (Piper nigrum or the spice obtained from its berries); pepper (Capsicum plants or their fruit used as vegetable or spice)
postzegel	n	de · mv. postzegels	a stamp, a postage stamp
ontbijt	n	het · mv. ontbijten	a breakfast, first meal of the day, usually in the morning
olie	n	de · mv. oliën	any natural or industrial oil; petroleum in particular
naald	n	de · mv. naalden	a needle, a pin (for sewing, injections, tattooing etc.); a needle (leaf of coniferous trees); the needle of a record player
culverin	n	de · mv. culverinnen	culverin, a kind of handgun
scheiden	v	scheidde – gescheiden	to separate; to divorce
vechten	v	vocht – gevochten	to fight
tellen	v	telde – geteld	to count, to enumerate; to determine the number of; to matter, to be of significance
stelen	v	stal – gestolen	to steal
spreken	v	sprak – gesproken	to speak
schrijven	v	schreef – geschreven	to write; to write (data)
reizen	v	reisde – gereisd	to travel
schieten	v	schoot – geschoten	to shoot, fire; to shoot, to kill (especially game); to rush, to move quickly
proberen	v	probeerde – geprobeerd	to try, to attempt
kiezen	v	koos – gekozen	to choose, decide; to vote; to elect, choose
gehoorzamen	v	gehoorzaamde – gehoorzaamd	to obey
kopen	v	kocht – gekocht	to buy, purchase
kennis	n	de	knowledge; acquaintance, friend
verwijderen	v	verwijderde – verwijderd	to remove
verenigen	v	verenigde – verenigd	to unite
veranderen	v	veranderde – veranderd	to change
verzamelen	v	verzamelde – verzameld	to collect, to gather
willen	v	wilde – gewild	to want, desire; to want to, will, be willing to; to want to go somewhere (cf. English want in)
vriezen	v	vroor – gevroren	to freeze
vergeven	v	vergaf – vergeven	to forgive
vergeven	a		overrun, crawling
verdienen	v	verdiende – verdiend	to earn, get paid, have an income; to deserve
vergelijken	v	vergeleek – vergeleken	to compare
ontsnappen	v	ontsnapte – ontsnapt	to escape
noemen	v	noemde – genoemd	to call, to name; to mention
maken	v	maakte – gemaakt	to make, create, prepare; to fix, to repair, to mend; to make, cause to become
lenen	v	leende – geleend	to borrow; to lend; to lend itself to, be fit
liegen	v	loog – gelogen	to lie (to tell lies)
blazen	v	blies – geblazen	to blow; to hiss (like a cat)
bellen	v	belde – gebeld	to ring, like using a bell; to call, by bell (originally) or (now mostly) telephone; to dial
draaien	v	draaide – gedraaid	to turn, to turn round; to play (a record, CD, song, etc.); to input into a telephone, to call (a phone number)
groeien	v	groeide – gegroeid	to grow physically; to increase
falen	v	faalde – gefaald	to fail; to default (a payment)
koken	v	kookte – gekookt	to cook, boil; to seethe, boil with anger
kosten	v	kostte – gekost	to cost; take, require (time, effort, etc.)
krijgen	v	kreeg – gekregen	to get, to receive, to come into possession of (anything ranging from…; to get, to be presented with; to get, to (manage to) cause to become
buiten	d		outside
buiten	p		outside, out of
buiten	n	het · mv. buitens	a mansion and its surrounding estate in the countryside
binnen	d		inside, indoors; (to) inside, into
binnen	p		inside, within; within (a time)
binnen	a		set for life (having obtained such success professionally and having been…
beneden	d		below; downstairs
beneden	p		under, below, beneath
beter	a		not sick anymore; recovered (from a disease); of high quality
goed	a		good (not bad); correct, right (factually or morally); all right, fine
goed	d		well; correct; pretty, quite
goed	n	het · mv. goederen	goods, wares, commodities, assets; clothes, clothing, outfit
draad	n	de · mv. draden	thread; wire; screw thread
beide	t		both
beide	r		both
boord	n	de · mv. boorden	border, boundary; shore, bank; collar (of a shirt)
informant	n	de · mv. informanten	informer, informant
beetje	d		a bit, a little bit, somewhat
beetje	t		a bit of, a little bit of, some (before mass nouns); something of, anyone or anything worth its salt (before countable nouns)
beetje	n	het · mv. beetjes	small amount
deken	n	de/het · mv. dekens	a blanket, warm textile cover; a blanket, covering layer; the permanent flooring of a fishery vessel
onderzoek	n	het · mv. onderzoeken	research, experiment, study, trial, test, survey; investigation, inquiry, examination, survey
plattegrond	n	de · mv. plattegronden	map (of an area), floor plan (of a building)
probleem	n	het · mv. problemen	problem
plafond	n	het · mv. plafonds	ceiling; maximum, upper limit
politie	n	de	police
positie	n	de · mv. posities	position, posture; position; post (e.g., of employment), position, rank
prijs	n	de · mv. prijzen	price, fare, charge; price, price tag, price ticket; prize, award, trophy
pijn	n	de · mv. pijnen	pain, ache (physical); pain, hurt (psychological); pine (tree)
persoon	n	de · mv. personen	person, individual; person, character, personality; person, hypostasis
potlood	n	het · mv. potloden	a pencil; graphite; graphite powder
publiek	n	het · mv. publieken	audience
publiek	a		public
periode	n	de · mv. periodes	period (of time); era; period (length of a repeating interval of a periodic function or repeating…
kennen	v	kende – gekend	to know (a person, a thing), be acquainted with, to have knowledge of the…; to know, experience
poort	n	de · mv. poorten	gate; nutmeg (passing a ball between opponent's legs)
prinses	n	de · mv. prinsessen	princess
provincie	n	de · mv. provinciën	province; countryside, hinterland
pistool	n	het · mv. pistolen	pistol
plaatje	n	het · mv. plaatjes	picture; something adorable
schreeuw	n	de · mv. schreeuwen	scream
vijver	n	de · mv. vijvers	pond
vraag	n	de · mv. vragen	question, query; question, issue, problem; interrogative, question (sentence form formulating a query)
vinger	n	de · mv. vingers	finger
vlees	n	het · mv. vlezen	meat; flesh
vlag	n	de · mv. vlaggen	flag
verf	n	de · mv. verven	paint
vlieg	n	de · mv. vliegen	a fly
vijand	n	de · mv. vijanden	enemy
derde	a		third
derde	n	het · mv. derden	a third (part); third party
deel	n	het · mv. delen	part, piece; volume (of a book or album)
dubbel	a		double, twofold; ambivalent; ambiguous
deze	t		this; referring to a thing or a person closer by; these
deze	r		this (one); those (ones)
noch	c		neither...nor; nor
eerste	a		first
enthousiast	a		enthusiastic
enthousiast	n	de · mv. enthousiasten	one who is inspired or possessed by a deity; esp. one inspired by God; a fanatic
enkele	r		a few, some
extreem	a		extreme
extreem	d		extremely
gezond	a		healthy, being in good health; healthy, beneficial for health
mogelijk	a		possible
mogelijk	d		possibly
leeg	a		empty, hollow; listless, lethargic
smal	a		narrow; small
slecht	a		bad
snel	a		fast, quick, rapid
sterk	a		strong, having physical strength; concentrated, strong, powerful in taste; implausible, improbable
simpel	a		simple
vragen	v	vroeg – gevraagd	to ask (a question); to demand, exact; to require, need
vangen	v	ving – gevangen	to catch
zuiden	n	het	south; southern, from the south
zwembad	n	het · mv. zwembaden	swimming pool
ziel	n	de · mv. zielen	soul (animate principle in non-materialist anthropologies); sound post
zaak	n	de · mv. zaken	a thing, matter (general term with for a concept other than animate beings); a matter, affair, business; a business, commercial enterprise, store, shop
zorg	n	de · mv. zorgen	care; concern; worry
werelddeel	n	het · mv. werelddelen	continent
woud	n	het · mv. wouden	forest, woods, jungle; mass, multitude, sea (now chiefly in relation to rules and prescriptions)
rijk	a		rich; wealthy; abundant
rijk	n	het · mv. rijken	a realm, kingdom ruled by a monarch; an empire under the sway of a dominant (e.g. colonial) power; the state, notably in a monarchy ('the crown')
rijst	n	de	rice
richting	n	de · mv. richtingen	direction; movement, tendency
richting	p		in the direction of; to, towards
rekenmachine	n	de · mv. rekenmachines	calculator
ongeluk	n	het · mv. ongelukken	unhappiness, misery; accident; bad luck, misfortune
onderwerp	n	het · mv. onderwerpen	subject, topic; subject (of a sentence)
oosten	n	het	east (cardinal direction)
ochtend	n	de · mv. ochtenden	morning
oceaan	n	de · mv. oceanen	ocean
plaat	n	de · mv. platen	board, sheet, plate; record (e.g. an LP)
plaats	n	de · mv. plaatsen	place, position; a settlement; a town, city, village, hamlet or the like
privé	a		private
populair	a		popular
schoon	a		clean; cleansed
schoon	d		cleanly; beautifully; completely, fully, utterly
schoon	n	het	beauty
schoon	c		although
kapot	a		broken, defective, kaput; knackered
kapot	d		incredibly, very
dagga	n	de	cannabis, weed
hoog	a		high
geel	a		yellow
geel	n	het	the colour yellow
nieuw	a		new
moeilijk	a		hard, difficult
moeilijk	d		used as an intensifier; incredibly, extremely
oranje	a		orange
oranje	n	het	the color orange
roze	a		pink, rosy
scherp	a		sharp, able to cut easily; alert, on the ball; clever, intelligent, witty
genoeg	t		enough; plenty
genoeg	d		enough, to enough of a degree, with sufficient frequency
gemeen	a		mean, hurtful; intense, extreme; common, shared, communal
gemeen	d		in common
gemeen	n	het	common people, plebs
gisteren	d		yesterday
gevaarlijk	a		dangerous
grappig	a		funny
grijs	a		grey, grey-colored; old; weathered, tarnished, affected by wear and tear
grijs	n	het · mv. grijzen	the color grey, any mix of black and white
gespannen	a		tense
geschikt	a		adequate, suitable, appropriate; friendly, amiable (when talking about a person)
gerecht	n	het · mv. gerechten	court of law; a meal, or a dish served alone or part of a meal as a course
gerecht	a		just, fair, deserved
honderd	u		hundred
honderd	n	het · mv. honderden	a count of hundred
honderd	i		great, perfect, all right
noorden	n	het	north
melk	n	de	milk (nutritious liquid produced by a lactating mammalian mother); milk (nutritious liquid derived from vegetable sources, sometimes as a…; various 'milky' juices (that resembles or looks like milk), as secreted by…
wollen	a		woolen, woollen
uitleggen	v	legde uit – uitgelegd	to explain; to interpret
uitnodigen	v	nodigde uit – uitgenodigd	to invite
uitvinden	v	vond uit – uitgevonden	to invent; to find out
uitzoeken	v	zocht uit – uitgezocht	to pick out, to choose, to select; to sort out, to organise; to get to the bottom of, to investigate
zonder	p		without
tijd	n	de · mv. tijden	time; tense
verschil	n	het · mv. verschillen	difference
verhaal	n	het · mv. verhalen	story; redress, reparation, remedy
verjaardag	n	de · mv. verjaardagen	birthday
verandering	n	de · mv. veranderingen	change
vorm	n	de · mv. vormen	a form, shape; a format
verlaten	v	verliet – verlaten	to leave; to abandon; to count on, rely on something (+ op (preposition))
verliezen	v	verloor – verloren	to lose (possession); to lose (a game), to be defeated
vernietigen	v	vernietigde – vernietigd	to destroy
veroveren	v	veroverde – veroverd	to conquer
vertrekken	v	vertrok – vertrokken	to depart, to leave
verkopen	v	verkocht – verkocht	to sell; to sell, to be sold, to be saleable; to hit someone
vertellen	v	vertelde – verteld	to tell; to miscount
vertrouwen	v	vertrouwde – vertrouwd	to trust
vertrouwen	n	het	trust, faith
verwachten	v	verwachtte – verwacht	to expect, await
nemen	v	nam – genomen	to take, to take hold of, to grasp or grab; to take, to choose out of some options, to pick; to take, to use a particular route or type of transport
mogen	v	mocht – gemogen	to be allowed; may, can, be allowed to; may go, can go, to be allowed to go
lezen	v	las – gelezen	to read
lopen	v	liep – gelopen	to walk, go somewhere regardless of speed; to walk in general; to stretch, to run (to extend in space or through a range) (often of…
lopen	n	de	a dry measure of content; an apparently larger land measure
raken	v	raakte – geraakt	to touch; to hit (to not miss); to become
vergeten	v	vergat – vergeten	to forget (lose remembrance of); to forget (fail to do); to leave (fail to take)
vinden	v	vond – gevonden	to find (after searching); to find, to come across; to find, to think, to feel, to be of opinion
televisie	n	de · mv. televisies	television
trui	n	de · mv. truien	jumper, sweater
terugkomst	n	de	return
totaal	d		totally
totaal	a		total
totaal	n	het · mv. totalen	total, sum
titel	n	de · mv. titels	title
taart	n	de · mv. taarten	a pie, large cake, or cobbler; a hag, bag
vriend	n	de · mv. vrienden	friend; boyfriend (romantic partner)
vreemde	n	de · mv. vreemden	nominalization of vreemd: stranger, foreigner; foreign land, parts where one is not at home; chiefly used in in den vreemde
volgorde	n	de · mv. volgorden	order, ordering, sequence
voet	n	de · mv. voeten	foot (lowest part of the legs); foot, base (lowest part of any standard, support, stand or pillar); imperial foot (unit of measure)
vork	n	de · mv. vorken	basic piece of cutlery with two or more teeth; other pronged tool; fork of a two-wheeled vehicle
zwak	a		weak; shabby
zwak	n	het	soft spot; weakness
voorzichtig	a		careful
veilig	a		safe
veilig	d		safely
vies	a		dirty (not clean); dirty, also in a sexual sense; bad-tasting, disgusting
laag	a		low
laag	n	de · mv. lagen	layer; class, stratum, level (in a society)
laat	a		late (not early); tardy
laat	n	de · mv. laten	serf
langzaam	a		slow
langzaam	d		slowly, gradually, bit by bit
huren	v	huurde – gehuurd	to rent, hire
houden	v	hield – gehouden	to keep, preserve; to keep, to care for; to hold, to be engaged in
halen	v	haalde – gehaald	to fetch, to get; to reach (a goal), to catch; to make it
opnemen	v	nam op – opgenomen	to pick up, to raise; to pick up or answer (the phone or horn); to take in, to admit, to reserve a spot for
vaak	d		often
vaak	a		frequent, regular
vaak	n	de	sleepiness
tamelijk	d		rather, fairly
zeer	a		sore, painful; painful, grieving; hurtful
zeer	n	het · mv. zeren	a physical pain, ache, hurt; grief, suffering
zeer	d		very, to a high degree or intensity; sorely, painfully, notably in zeer doen (“to hurt”)
natuurlijk	d		naturally; of course
natuurlijk	a		natural
wanneer	d		when
wanneer	c		when; whenever
waarschijnlijk	d		probably
waarschijnlijk	a		probable, likely
thuis	d		at home (at one's dwelling or in one's home area)
thuis	n	het · mv. thuizen	one's home
toename	n	de · mv. toenamen	increase
toename	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toenemen
tweede	a		second, number two
geboren	a		born
oefening	n	de · mv. oefeningen	practice; exercise (activity or problem to train a skill, e.g. exercises in…
opeens	d		suddenly, all of a sudden
zeker	a		certain, sure; confident, secure; confirmed
zeker	d		certainly, surely; particularly, especially; at least
zelfde	t		same; like, alike
zorgen	v	zorgde – gezorgd	to make sure, to ensure
zoals	c		like, such as; as, just like, just as, the way that
niets	r		nothing
oud	a		old (having existed for a relatively long period of time); old (of an earlier time); stale
ruiken	v	rook – geroken	to smell (i.e. to perceive a smell); to smell (i.e. to emit a smell)
ooit	d		sometime (in the future), someday, at some point; ever; once (in the past)
oorzaak	n	de · mv. oorzaken	cause
gemak	n	het · mv. gemakken	convenience; ease, comfort; toilet
gevolg	n	het · mv. gevolgen	consequence, result; entourage
grond	n	de · mv. gronden	ground, dirt, soil; floor, ground; ground, land, territory
haan	n	de · mv. hanen	a cock, a rooster (male chicken); the male of various other species of gallinaceous birds; an object resembling or depicting a cock
hert	n	het · mv. herten	a deer, a ruminant of the family Cervidae; sometimes used of members of the…; venison, the meat of a deer
kaart	n	de · mv. kaarten	postcard; playing card; map (of an area)
kast	n	de · mv. kasten	cupboard, closet, wardrobe
kist	n	de · mv. kisten	a box, chest; a coffin; an aeroplane
klas	n	de · mv. klassen	a school class; a classroom; travel class (such as first class or economy class)
klasse	n	de · mv. klassen	quality, class; social class; classification
klasse	a		Of high quality; superb
verdrietig	a		sad (chiefly in relation to the emotions of human and animals)
stom	a		mute, unable to speak, as medical condition or species-determined; speechless; soundless, silent
stoel	n	de · mv. stoelen	a chair, a piece of furniture used for sitting, normally portable and having…; any seat, from stool to throne; a dais
kruis	n	het · mv. kruizen	cross (X-shape); cross (such shape as used in heraldry); cross (execution device with such shape)
natuur	n	de · mv. naturen	nature; character
vrede	n	de	peace; peace treaty
lood	n	het · mv. loden	lead; lot (old unit of weight, equal to 1⁄30 or 1⁄32 of a pound); plumb bob, plummet
meneer	n	de · mv. meneren	sir, mister
lach	n	de	smile; laugh
kuil	n	de · mv. kuilen	pit in the ground
laken	n	het · mv. lakens	woollen broadcloth (fulled and woven fabric made of wool), very sought-after…; bedsheet
laken	v	laakte – gelaakt	to criticize, reproach, denounce
mand	n	de · mv. manden	basket (receptacle, traditionally made of wicker, now also frequently of…
maat	n	de · mv. maten	measure, size; measure, bar; rhythm, beat
stap	n	de · mv. stappen	step
fris	a		fresh, refreshing; cool, chilly; clean, pure, hygienic
fris	n	de	soft drink; a cold sweet drink, usually carbonated
fijn	a		nice, pleasant; fine, thin; delicate, meticulous
resultaat	n	het · mv. resultaten	result
signaal	n	het · mv. signalen	signal (sign made to give notice); signal (electromagnetic action that conveys information); signal (simple interprocess communication)
snijden	v	sneed – gesneden	to cut
repareren	v	repareerde – gerepareerd	to repair
versturen	v	verstuurde – verstuurd	to send (off); to dispatch
verspreiden	v	verspreidde – verspreid	to spread around
knippen	v	knipte – geknipt	to cut with scissors; to cut (remove an item and place it in memory for later use); to snap one's fingers
moeten	v	moest – gemoeten	to be necessary, to be required; to have to, must; should, be meant to, be supposed to
liggen	v	lag – gelegen	to lie; to be lying down; to be, to be placed or located
welkom	a		welcome
welkom	i		welcome!
waarom	d		why, because of what
gebruikelijk	a		usual; customary
herinneren	v	herinnerde – herinnerd	to remind, prompt; to remember, remind oneself, recall
helder	a		clear, bright; clear, lucid, obvious; clear, transparent, lucid
gewoon	a		regular, ordinary, usual; normal, common; wont, having a certain habit
gewoon	d		simply, just
grof	a		rough, coarse; rude, very blunt; extreme, gross, grave
gedragen	v	gedroeg – gedragen	to behave, to behave oneself
gedragen	a		worn; solemn (tone)
gemakkelijk	a		easy
gemakkelijk	d		easily
gelijk	a		equal, like, alike; equal, equivalent
gelijk	d		immediately, at once
gelijk	c		like, such as; as, just like, just as, the way that
gelijk	n	het	right, justice; correctness
geen	t		no, not a, not an, not any; none
geen	a		yonder, yon, that
vergelijkbaar	a		comparable
vals	a		fake, false; off-key, out of tune; vicious
oneven	a		odd, uneven
lomp	a		coarse; rude; surly
lomp	n	de · mv. lompen	a rag
hoewel	c		though, although; however
hoeveel	t		how much, how many
hoeveel	r		how much, how many
sigaret	n	de · mv. sigaretten	cigarette
rivier	n	de · mv. rivieren	a river
aangeven	v	gaf aan – aangegeven	to hand, to pass; to indicate, to point out; to report, to notify, to declare
veel	t		many, much, a lot of
veel	r		much, a lot
veel	d		much; often, frequently
verstand	n	het	reason, mind, intellect, brains, wit; understanding, knowledge
vergissen	v	vergiste – vergist	to make a mistake
kraan	n	de · mv. kranen	crane (machine for lifting); tap, faucet; synonym of kraanvogel (“crane (bird)”)
vullen	v	vulde – gevuld	to fill; to be filling
voorkomen	v	kwam voor – voorgekomen	to exist, to occur; to happen; to appear
voorkomen	n	het · mv. voorkomens	appearance, look
vroeger	a		having to do with or occurring in the past
vroeger	d		earlier; formerly, previously; in the past
verleden	n	het	the past
verleden	a		previous, last
vierkant	a		square
vierkant	n	het · mv. vierkanten	square (geometric shape)
vierkant	d		in one's face
succes	n	het · mv. successen	success
succes	i		good luck
straat	n	de · mv. straten	street, paved way; channel, strait; straight
meel	n	het	flour, meal, farina
overleden	a		deceased
speciaal	a		special; served with mayonnaise (or a similar sauce), curry ketchup and chopped onions
speciaal	d		specially, especially, particularly
vergelijking	n	de · mv. vergelijkingen	comparison; equation
rechtvaardig	a		fair, just
verkeerd	a		wrong; distorted
klaar	a		ready; finished, done (of a task); finished, done (of a person performing a task)
vannacht	d		tonight, this night, the night at the end of the current day; last night, the night at the end of the previous day
vanmorgen	d		synonym of vanochtend
vouwen	v	vouwde – gevouwen	to fold; to arrest
vreemd	a		strange, weird, odd; foreign, exotic
voorzien	v	voorzag – voorzien	to provide, to supply (optionally [with van ‘with’]); to facilitate; to foresee, to predict, to expect
voeden	v	voedde – gevoed	to feed
vloer	n	de · mv. vloeren	a floor; any ground, surface; the bottom, lowest level
verschrikkelijk	a		awful, terrible
verschrikkelijk	d		terribly, extremely
verhoging	n	de · mv. verhogingen	increase, the act of raising; elevation, an eminence (raised portion of land); elevated body temperature, mild fever, febrile hyperthermia
verder	d		further; furthermore, on top of that, otherwise, for the rest
vakantie	n	de · mv. vakanties	a holiday, vacation; an easy, carefree time
vak	n	het · mv. vakken	a compartment (e.g. a shelf, a section); a subject, discipline, class, notably in education; a profession
vaarwel	i		goodbye, farewell (connotation is somewhat sad, almost poetic)
vaarwel	n	het	a farewell, an occasion of saying goodbye; a departure
margarine	n	de · mv. margarines	margarine
portfolio	n	de/het · mv. portfolio's	portfolio (case for carrying papers, drawings, photographs, maps and other…; portfolio (collection of such documents, especially the works of an artist…; portfolio (group of investments and other assets held by an investor)
pimpernel	n	de · mv. pimpernellen	a burnet, any plant of the genus Sanguisorba
naken	v	naakte – genaakt	to draw near, to approach, to be imminent
serval	n	de · mv. servals	serval (Leptailurus serval)
Transvaal	m		Transvaal (a geographical region and former province of South Africa)
Johannes	m		John; John (book of the Bible); a male given name from Late Latin Iōhannēs [in turn from Koine Greek Ἰωάννης…
cadeau	n	het · mv. cadeaus	present; gift
subaltern	a		subaltern (of a lower rank or position)
Stefan	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Stephen
exordium	n	het · mv. exordia	introduction, preface (to an essay or plea)
Andes	m		the Andes
maas	n	de · mv. mazen	the basic element constituting a mesh or net
sambal	n	de · mv. sambals	Sambal, a relish made from chili peppers; a spicy spread made of chili peppers and chicken, esp. chopped liver
Maas	m		Meuse, Maas (a major river that flows about 901 km (560 mi) from France…; a surname
gematria	n	de	gematria
horst	n	de · mv. horsten	an area of the earth's surface which is raised relative to surrounding land;…; an elevated land overgrown with shrub; a nest of a bird of prey
inwit	a		extremely white
coronavirus	n	het · mv. coronavirussen	coronavirus (member of the family Coronaviridae)
douchen	v	douchte – gedoucht	to shower, to take a shower
nomineren	v	nomineerde – genomineerd	to nominate
dijk	n	de · mv. dijken	dike, levee
klomp	n	de · mv. klompen	a wooden shoe, clog; a clump, nugget, lump (an unshaped piece or mass); a kicker, protective footwear worn by goalkeepers
kroeg	n	de · mv. kroegen	a pub
weten	v	wist – geweten	to know (knowledge), to be aware of something; to remember; to be able to, to manage to (literally, "to know how to/to know of a way to")
wegen	v	woog – gewogen	to weigh (to determine the weight or be of a specified weight); to weight (to calibrate, to assign weight to individual statistics); to weigh (to evaluate, to assign value or relative importance to)
ontbijten	v	ontbeet – ontbeten	to breakfast, have breakfast
afslaan	v	sloeg af – afgeslagen	to decline, to reject; to halt, to stop, to switch off; to turn, to take off in a direction perpendicular to the one one was…
genezen	v	genas – genezen	to heal
streek	n	de · mv. streken	region; stroke (movement e.g. with a paintbrush); prank, trick, antic
jat	n	de · mv. jatten	hand; cup (like a cup of coffee or tea)
maquette	n	de · mv. maquettes	architectural model
revers	n	de · mv. revers	revers, lapel
menhir	n	de · mv. menhirs	menhir
delicatessen	n		delicacies, fine food
Tiber	m		Tiber, the river that flows through Rome in Italy
platina	n	het	platinum
cortège	n	de/het · mv. cortèges	cortege
toko	n	de · mv. toko's	a grocery store or supermarket specializing in Southeast Asian (especially…; shop, store, stand; any company or business
Frankrijk	m		France (a country located primarily in Western Europe); a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighborhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Duitsland	m		Germany (a country in Central Europe)
Schotland	m		Scotland (a constituent country of the United Kingdom)
Spanje	m		Spain (a country in Southern Europe, including most of the Iberian peninsula)
Ierland	m		Ireland (a country in northwestern Europe)
IJsland	m		Iceland (an island and country in the North Atlantic Ocean in Europe)
Noorwegen	m		Norway (a country in Scandinavia in Northern Europe)
Letland	m		Latvia (a country in northeastern Europe)
Zweden	m		Sweden (a country in Scandinavia in Northern Europe)
Wit-Rusland	m		Belarus (a country in Eastern Europe)
Oekraïne	m		Ukraine (a country in Eastern Europe, bordering on the north shore of the…
Zwitserland	m		Switzerland (a country in Western Europe and Central Europe; official name:…
Oostenrijk	m		Austria (a country in Central Europe); a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Litouwen	m		Lithuania (a country in northeastern Europe)
Bulgarije	m		Bulgaria (a country in Southeastern Europe)
Hongarije	m		Hungary (a country in Central Europe)
Albanië	m		Albania (a country in Southeastern Europe)
Kroatië	m		Croatia (a country on the Balkan Peninsula in Southeastern Europe)
lus	n	de · mv. lussen	loop
sheikh	n	de · mv. sheikhs	sheikh
Groenland	m		Greenland (a large self-governing dependent territory of Denmark, in North…
Denemarken	m		Denmark (a country in Northern Europe); a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Kopenhagen	m		Copenhagen (the capital city of Denmark)
Londen	m		London (the capital city of the United Kingdom; the capital city of England)
Parijs	m		Paris (the capital and largest city of France)
Parijs	a		Parisian
Brazilië	m		Brazil (a large Portuguese-speaking country in South America)
Antwerpen	m		Antwerp (the largest city and provincial capital of the province of Antwerp,…; Antwerp (a province of Flanders, Belgium)
Argentinië	m		Argentina (a country in South America)
Brugge	m		Bruges (the capital city of West Flanders province, Belgium)
Bolivië	m		Bolivia (a country in South America)
Algerije	m		Algeria (a country in North Africa)
Libië	m		Libya (a country in North Africa)
Tunesië	m		Tunisia (a country in North Africa)
Zuid-Afrika	m		South Africa (a country in Southern Africa)
Pruisen	m		Prussia (a geographical area on the Baltic coast of Northeast Europe); Prussia (a former duchy, kingdom and (after German unification in 1871) a…
schiereiland	n	het · mv. schiereilanden	peninsula
Arabisch	m		Arabic (language or script)
Arabisch	a		Arabian; Arab; Arabic
Italië	m		Italy (a country in Southern Europe)
Slovenië	m		Slovenia (a country on the Balkan Peninsula in Central Europe)
Macedonië	m		Macedonia (a geographic region in Southeastern Europe in the Balkans,…; Macedonia (former name of North Macedonia: a country in Southeastern Europe…; Macedonia (a geographic region and former administrative region of Greece)
Bosnië	m		Bosnia (a geographic region of Bosnia and Herzegovina, consisting of the…; Bosnia (a country in southeastern Europe; in full, Bosnië en Herzegovina)
heeft	v		second-person (u) singular present indicative of hebben; have
Noord-Amerika	m		North America (the continent forming the northern part of the Americas)
Zuid-Amerika	m		South America (the continent forming the southern part of the Americas)
antarctisch	a		Antarctic
ijszee	n	de · mv. ijszeeën	a sea of ice; a polar ocean
noordelijk	a		northern
zuidelijk	a		southern
arctisch	a		Arctic
zuidpool	n	de · mv. zuidpolen	south pole
Zuidpool	m		South Pole
Noordpool	m		North Pole
noordpool	n	de · mv. noordpolen	north pole
Amerikaans	a		pertaining to the Americas; pertaining to the United States
overkant	n	de · mv. overkanten	the other side, the opposite side, the far side
steeds	d		always, continually, all the time, every time, each time; increasingly, more and more, ever (+ comparative)
overzijde	n	de · mv. overzijden	the other side; the opposite side
ideogram	n	het · mv. ideogrammen	ideogram
tjalk	n	de · mv. tjalken	an old Dutch sailing barge with a round bow, leeboards and a gaff-rigged mast
ontvangen	v	ontving – ontvangen	to receive
flauwvallen	v	viel flauw – flauwgevallen	to faint
bespreken	v	besprak – besproken	to discuss
laatst	a		latest, most recent, newest; last, furthest behind; final, ultimate
laatst	d		recently
mengsel	n	het · mv. mengsels	mixture
avondklok	n	de · mv. avondklokken	curfew; curfew bell, evening bell
stoomboot	n	de · mv. stoomboten	steamboat
tikfout	n	de · mv. tikfouten	typo, typing error
tulp	n	de · mv. tulpen	a tulip, a plant of the genus Tulipa; a tulip, a flower of this plant
windmolen	n	de · mv. windmolens	windmill; wind turbine
kruidnagel	n	de · mv. kruidnagelen	clove, the dried, often ground flower buds of Syzygium aromaticum
binnenkant	n	de · mv. binnenkanten	interior, inside
donatie	n	de · mv. donaties	donation
typfout	n	de · mv. typfouten	typo, typing error
aansteker	n	de · mv. aanstekers	lighter
aardbei	n	de · mv. aardbeien	strawberry (berry of various plants of genus Fragaria); strawberry (any plant of genus Fragaria)
abrikoos	n	de · mv. abrikozen	apricot
accu	n	de · mv. accu's	battery; accumulator
achternaam	n	de · mv. achternamen	surname
ader	n	de · mv. aders	vein; any narrow and long passageway essential to a larger networked system such…
asbak	n	de · mv. asbakken	ashtray
dokter	n	de · mv. dokters	doctor (physician, medical doctor)
banaan	n	de · mv. bananen	banana; black person, person of African heritage
boter	n	de · mv. boters	butter, a spread made from churned milk; a butter substitute, typically made of vegetable oils
bril	n	de · mv. brillen	a pair of glasses or goggles; a pattern on various animal species, often named after it; a toilet seat
gracht	n	de · mv. grachten	canal (in a city, with houses on each side); grave
naaimachine	n	de · mv. naaimachines	sewing machine
peetoom	n	de · mv. peetooms	godfather
thuiskwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of thuiskomen
thuiskomen	v	kwam thuis – thuisgekomen	to come home
deugd	n	de · mv. deugden	virtue
bekijken	v	bekeek – bekeken	to look at, to view
installeren	v	installeerde – geïnstalleerd	to install; to settle, take one's place
haai	n	de · mv. haaien	a shark, fish of the superorder Selachimorpha (sometimes also including…; a ruthless person; a greedy person
haai	a		big, strong, firm; fortified; smart, clever, crafty
jurk	n	de · mv. jurken	dress
kus	n	de · mv. kussen	kiss of peace (Christian greeting); socialist fraternal kiss
marmer	n	het	marble (type of stone)
muis	n	de · mv. muizen	mouse (rodent); mouse (an input device to operate a computer by steering a cursor and clicking); ball of the thumb
paleis	n	het · mv. paleizen	palace
baard	n	de · mv. baarden	beard (mass of facial hair that includes chin hair); key bit; awn, beard
snor	n	de · mv. snorren	moustache; Savi's warbler (Locustella luscinioides)
zool	n	de · mv. zolen	a sole (of a foot or shoe)
zweet	n	het	sweat
zalm	n	de · mv. zalmen	salmon
aanbieden	v	bood aan – aangeboden	to offer; to offer oneself, to volunteer, (in sexual contexts) to solicit
hartaanval	n	de · mv. hartaanvallen	heart attack
aanvaller	n	de · mv. aanvallers	attacker; attacker, striker
afspraakje	n	het · mv. afspraakjes	a romantic date
afspreken	v	sprak af – afgesproken	to agree, to make an agreement; to make an appointment
schuldig	a		guilty
onschuldig	a		innocent
onzeker	a		uncertain; insecure
verdomd	a		damned
kenmerkend	a		characteristic
teleurstellend	a		disappointing
onafhankelijk	a		independent; irrespective of
onafhankelijk	d		independently
illegaal	a		illegal
illegaal	n	de · mv. illegalen	an illegal, illegal immigrant
legaal	a		legal, lawful, licit
betoverend	a		enchanting
ongelooflijk	a		unbelievable
ontroostbaar	a		inconsolable
wekelijks	d		weekly
wekelijks	a		weekly
dagelijks	a		daily
saai	a		boring, tedious
saai	n	de/het	woven woollen cloth
boterham	n	de · mv. boterhammen	a slice of bread; sandwich
hopen	v	hoopte – gehoopt	to hope for, to wish for; to heap, pile up
kleden	v	kleedde – gekleed	to dress; to fit someone, to suit someone (of a piece of clothing)
laten	v	liet – gelaten	to leave, to cause to remain in the same position or state; to leave, to allow to remain/continue to; to let, to allow to
lijken	v	leek – geleken	to seem, appear; to look like, resemble (depict well what it is intended to); to please
markeren	v	markeerde – gemarkeerd	to mark
moorden	v	moordde – gemoord	to murder, to kill
missen	v	miste – gemist	to miss (not hit); to miss, to go without; to spare, to afford (going without)
ontmoeten	v	ontmoette – ontmoet	to meet; to encounter, come across
ontwikkelen	v	ontwikkelde – ontwikkeld	to develop
overeenkomen	v	kwam overeen – overeengekomen	to agree; to correspond to
overvallen	v	overviel – overvallen	to raid; to rob, mug; to take by surprise, surprise
passeren	v	passeerde – gepasseerd	to pass by; to happen
presenteren	v	presenteerde – gepresenteerd	to present; to show; to host (a show)
reiken	v	reikte – gereikt	to reach, to extend out, to stretch
rijzen	v	rees – gerezen	to rise
schetsen	v	schetste – geschetst	to sketch; to describe with words; to scam
schijnen	v	scheen – geschenen	to shine; to appear, to seem
schudden	v	schudde – geschud	to shake, to tremble, to waver; to shuffle (cards); to nod as in to express disagreement
vazal	n	de · mv. vazallen	vassal
sluiten	v	sloot – gesloten	to close; to make, to affirm (a pact, friendship etc.)
verbieden	v	verbood – verboden	to forbid, prohibit
staan	v	stond – gestaan	to stand, to be upright; to be, to be placed or located; Forms a continuous aspect. Although it carries an implication of standing,…
zouten	v	zoutte – gezouten	to salt
snuiten	v	snoot – gesnoten	to blow one's nose; to trim a candle's wick
bakken	v	bakte – gebakken	to bake; to pan-fry
invriezen	v	vroor in – ingevroren	to freeze in; to freeze
opstaan	v	stond op – opgestaan	to stand up; to get up, to rise; to be on, to be cooking
stijgen	v	steeg – gestegen	to climb, to go up, to rise; to ascend
heten	v	heette – geheten	to be named; to have as name; to be called
opstijgen	v	steeg op – opgestegen	to ascend, to rise; to take off (with an aircraft)
behangen	v	behing – behangen	to hang things on, to behang; to wallpaper
braden	v	braadde – gebraden	to roast; to grill; to pan-fry
hangen	v	hing – gehangen	to hang
verlopen	v	verliep – verlopen	to proceed, to go by; to expire, to become invalid; to fade
opkomen	v	kwam op – opgekomen	to come up, to rise; to stand up for; to come on (i.e. a stage)
voorschrijven	v	schreef voor – voorgeschreven	to prescribe
uitzenden	v	zond uit – uitgezonden	to send out, to deploy; to broadcast; to emit
uitkomen	v	kwam uit – uitgekomen	to be able to figure out or find a solution for; to come out right, to fit together, to be solvable, to have a result or solution; to be fitting, to be convenient
oversteken	v	stak over – overgestoken	to cross, to traverse; to protrude, stick out
ondergaan	v	onderging – ondergaan	to undergo, endure; to put up with; to go down
omslaan	v	sloeg om – omgeslagen	to turn over; to turn, to change direction or disposition; to knock over
aanbakken	v	bakte aan – aangebakken	to burn to the pan; to sear, char
aansteken	v	stak aan – aangestoken	to light, kindle; to infect, taint
typen	v	typte – getypt	to type
vervolgens	d		subsequently
tonnage	n	de	tonnage (water displacement of a ship measured in tons); tonnage (cargo capacity of a ship's hold)
koto	n	de · mv. koto's	a traditional Surinamese dress, traditionally worn by women of African descent; a koto; a Japanese stringed instrument
celesta	n	de · mv. celesta's	celesta (musical pipe instrument)
toreador	n	de · mv. toreadors	torero, bullfighter, toreador
totem	n	de · mv. totems	totem, object that signifies a kinship group; totem, physical representation of a kinship symbol
gemeenzaam	a		familiar, intimate; ordinary, common; of speech: colloquial, informal
informeel	a		informal, unofficial, unceremonious; familiar, colloquial; casual
informeel	d		informally
brevet	n	het · mv. brevetten	a formal document, such as a certificate or licence; a permit or licence allowing one to use certain vehicles or engage in…; a papal brief
remise	n	de · mv. remises	carriage house; public transport depot; remittance
reprise	n	de · mv. reprises	a repeat, resumption
plastron	n	het · mv. plastrons	plastron (lower part of a turtle/tortoise shell); plastron, breastplate, piece of armour covering the chest
muskusrat	n	de · mv. muskusratten	muskrat (Ondatra zibethicus)
metafysica	n	de	metaphysics
matrijs	n	de · mv. matrijzen	mould, matrix; die (a device for cutting things into a specified shape or for stamping…
honkbal	n	het	baseball (sport); baseball (ball)
wiskunde	n	de	mathematics
koerier	n	de · mv. koeriers	courier
Esther	m		the Book of Esther; Esther, the main character of the Book of Esther; a female given name
komkommer	n	de · mv. komkommers	cucumber
barrière	n	de · mv. barrières	barrier
Marta	m		Martha (biblical character)
epoche	n	de · mv. epochen	epoch
Susanna	m		Susanna; a female given name, equivalent to English Susan
poncho	n	de · mv. poncho's	poncho
multinational	n	de · mv. multinationals	a multinational company
romp	n	de · mv. rompen	trunk, torso; hull
Khoisan	m		Khoisan, people; Khoisan, group of languages
Hottentot	n	de · mv. Hottentotten	a Khoekhoe person, a member of the native people of southwestern Africa
salon	n	de/het · mv. salons	salon, room for receiving guests; pub, café or restaurant (often posh or trendy, or in a French context)
consul	n	de · mv. consuls	consul (official in foreign country)
pooier	n	de · mv. pooiers	male pimp
polsstokspringen	n	het	pole vault, pole-vaulting
orgasme	n	het · mv. orgasmen	orgasm
acrolect	n	het · mv. acrolecten	the acrolect; the high-prestige register of a language, mainly used in…
Jacobs	m		a surname originating as a patronymic
knots	n	de · mv. knotsen	bludgeon, club
knots	a		bizarre, extremely odd
energie	n	de · mv. energieën	energy
kids	n		children
discus	n	de · mv. discussen	discus
bars	a		stern, strict
sits	n		chintz
maal	n	het · mv. malen	meal; time, turn, occurrence; stain
tet	n	de · mv. tetten	boob; tit; teth (Semitic letter)
Jacobus	m		a male given name, the Latinized form of Jacob; James
wagen	n	de · mv. wagens	a wagon, carriage; a cart; an automobile, car, van
wagen	v	waagde – gewaagd	to venture, take risks; to dare, presume; to risk, to jeopardize
diligence	n	de · mv. diligences	a diligence, a stage-coach
mover	n	de · mv. movers	device used to precisely maneuver a caravan or other large vehicle
doch	c		yet, but, still, on the contrary, no, yes; but rather
bathos	n	de	bathos
ets	n	de · mv. etsen	etching
steven	n	de · mv. stevens	one of the two ends of a ship's hull; the bow or the stern; a bow of a ship
Portugese	n	de · mv. Portugesen	a Portuguese woman
aas	n	het	bait; carrion; ace (playing cards)
irritant	a		annoying, causing irritation or annoyance; vexatious
consequent	a		consequent, resulting; logically consistent
sultan	n	de · mv. sultans	sultan, a Muslim ruler title; a certain pastry
mamzer	n	de · mv. mamzers	mamzer, bastard (child born from a disallowed relationship)
promenade	n	de · mv. promenades	promenade
tribune	n	de · mv. tribunes	grandstand, bleachers
Poltava	m		Poltava (an oblast in east-central Ukraine); Poltava (a city, the administrative centre of Poltava Raion, Poltava Oblast,…; Poltava (a raion of Poltava Oblast, Ukraine)
chapeau	i		Used to express appreciation
curling	n	het	curling (winter sport where players aim and slide stones down a sheet of ice)
illustrator	n	de · mv. illustratoren	illustrator
drugs	n		recreational drugs
bees	n	de · mv. bezen	kiss; berry
oligarch	n	de · mv. oligarchen	an oligarch (member of an oligarchy); a plutocrat, an oligarch, especially in relation to the former Eastern Bloc
Marius	m		a male given name
paperback	n	de · mv. paperbacks	a paperback
paperback	a		paperback
steno	n	de/het	shorthand
stek	n	de · mv. stekken	spot, place, home; cutting, a leaf, stem, branch, or root removed from a plant and cultivated…
abces	n	het · mv. abcessen	abscess
cannelure	n	de · mv. cannelures	flute (groove in a column)
discours	n	het · mv. discoursen	discourse (way of thinking involving certain concepts and terms); discourse (exposition of some length)
helen	v	heelde – geheeld	to heal; to accept (and sell) stolen goods; to fence
birdie	n	de · mv. birdies	birdie
augustus	n	de · mv. augustussen	August (month)
prelaat	n	de · mv. prelaten	prelate
kerkvorst	n	de · mv. kerkvorsten	high prelate of a church
sjambok	n	de · mv. sjambokken	a sjambok, a long heavy whip
tamarin	n	de · mv. tamarins	tamarin (monkey of genus Saguinus)
secundo	d		secondly
stomp	a		blunt, not sharp; having over 90 degrees
stomp	n	de · mv. stompen	stump (short, formless, protruding object); blow (painful hit with the fist or the elbow)
typist	n	de · mv. typisten	a typist
flashback	n	de · mv. flashbacks	flashback
dimmer	n	de · mv. dimmers	a dimmer (rheostat)
cakewalk	n	de · mv. cakewalks	cakewalk (dance); funhouse
atjar	n	de	pickle from Indonesian cuisine
rebels	a		rebellious
Hasselt	m		the capital city of Limburg, Belgium; a municipality in the arrondissement of Hasselt in Belgium; a city and former municipality of Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Blankenberge	m		a municipality and town on the coast of Belgium
Oostende	m		Ostend (a city and municipality of Belgium)
Turnhout	m		a city in the province of Antwerp, Belgium
blokkade	n	de · mv. blokkades	blockade
hor	n	de · mv. horren	insect screen
choco	n	de · mv. choco's	solid chocolate; a bar or piece of chocolate; a chocolate milk, coco
overladen	v	laadde over – overgeladen	to load goods from one vehicle to another, to transfer goods; to load excessively, to pile up; to make/ become overladen
dopers	a		Anabaptist
zwanzer	n	de · mv. zwanzers	one who jokes; a joker
dut	n	de · mv. dutten	a nap
boon	n	de · mv. bonen	bean
stibium	n	het	antimony
necropolis	n	de · mv. necropolissen	necropolis (burial site, esp. an old one)
honk	n	het · mv. honken	base (safe zone, e.g. in baseball and similar sports)
exodus	n	de · mv. exodussen	exodus
uittocht	n	de · mv. uittochten	exodus
Uittocht	m		the Exodus; the departure of Hebrew slaves from Egypt
sociologie	n	de	sociology
lollig	a		funny, jolly
weinig	t		little, few, not much, not many
weinig	r		little, not much, not a lot
weinig	d		little, not much; not often
roepen	v	riep – geroepen	to cry, shout; to call, summon, invite etc
stoppen	v	stopte – gestopt	to stop, to halt; to plug; to stuff, to put, to insert
wekken	v	wekte – gewekt	to wake, to wake up; to cause, to elicit (particularly of certain emotions)
smaken	v	smaakte – gesmaakt	to taste; to taste good, to be likable in taste
scheidbaar	a		separable
achten	v	achtte – geacht	to regard, consider; to estimate, to reckon
prosecco	n	de · mv. prosecco's	Prosecco (wine)
legging	n	de · mv. leggingen	act of placing; legging (leg covering)
handlanger	n	de · mv. handlangers	accomplice, henchman (one who assists in criminal or unethical activity); assistant; helper
Mongolië	m		Mongolia (a country in East Asia)
baren	v	baarde – gebaard	to bear, to give birth to; to cause, to bring about
worstelaar	n	de · mv. worstelaars	wrestler
slaaf	n	de · mv. slaven	slave
sigaar	n	de · mv. sigaren	cigar
shutter	n	de · mv. shutters	a glass or acrylic slat, a window pane of a jalousie window or louvered window; a jalousie window, a louvered window (a window consisting of parallel glass…
camping	n	de · mv. campings	campsite
sikh	n	de · mv. sikhs	Sikh
luis	n	de · mv. luizen	member of the Aphidoidea; member of the Psocodea
timing	n	de · mv. timings	timing (synchronisation; regulation of pace or time)
verassen	v	veraste – verast	to incinerate; to cremate
debriefing	n	de · mv. debriefings	debriefing; the act of debriefing, or the state of being debriefed; the report of a mission or project, or the information so obtained
intern	a		internal, inside of something, of the body etc
roken	v	rookte – gerookt	to smoke (a tobacco product, another drug, a surrogate, a foodstuff); to smoke, to produce smoke
sneaky	a		sneaky, in an elusive way
jurist	n	de · mv. juristen	lawyer, jurist
wringen	v	wrong – gewrongen	to wring; to twist; to wrest
sponsor	n	de · mv. sponsors	sponsor
florist	n	de · mv. floristen	one who engages in the study of wild flora (floristics)
drummer	n	de · mv. drummers	drummer (especially one who plays a drum kit)
conditioner	n	de · mv. conditioners	hair conditioner
prof	n	de · mv. proffen	professor; professional
scooter	n	de · mv. scooters	motor scooter
sympathie	n	de · mv. sympathieën	sympathy
carronade	n	de · mv. carronades	carronade
ondertekenen	v	ondertekende – ondertekend	to sign, to put a signature under
onder	d		under, downwards; (to) under (implying motion); covered (especially with something dirty)
onder	p		under, below, beneath, underneath; covered with; among, in the midst of, including
zuigen	v	zoog – gezogen	suck; vacuum, hoover; suckle, nurse
waffel	n	de · mv. waffels	mouth, beak, trap
vuurwapen	n	het · mv. vuurwapens	firearm
egel	n	de · mv. egels	hedgehog
Renate	m		a female given name, from Latin Renata, the feminine form of Renatus meaning…
hogepriester	n	de · mv. hogepriesters	high priest (usually male, sometimes of unspecified gender)
trekker	n	de · mv. trekkers	puller, (someone or something that pulls); trigger; tractor (agricultural vehicle)
instanton	n	het · mv. instantons	Instanton
vizier	n	het · mv. vizieren	visor, a removable protective guard on a (knight's) helmet; backsight, a visual aiming aid on the barrel of a gun; a high-ranking official or minister in an Islamic government, especially in…
meervoud	n	het · mv. meervouden	plural
ringworm	n	de · mv. ringwormen	annelid, worm of the phylum Annelida; ringworm, infectious fungal disease
arbeid	n	de	labour, work; work
ijs	n	het	ice (frozen liquid, notably water); ice cream
duif	n	de · mv. duiven	a pigeon, dove, bird of the family Columbidae; a female dove or pigeon; a dove, someone with dovish political views or inclinations
affaire	n	de · mv. affaires	matter, issue; political scandal or controversy; sexual affair
Boötes	m		Boötes
Cepheus	m		Cepheus
Cassiopeia	m		Cassiopeia
flagrant	a		flagrant, blatant (obvious and offensive)
irredentist	n	de · mv. irredentisten	irredentist
pomelo	n	de · mv. pomelo's	cross between pomelo (Citrus maxima) and grapefruit (Citrus ×paradisi),…
cenote	n	de · mv. cenotes	cenote
pericarp	n	het	pericarp
onde	n	de · mv. onden	wave
mede	d		co-; with someone or something else (mee)
mede	n	de	mead (fermented drink made from honey)
rooibos	n	de · mv. rooibossen	rooibos plant (Aspalathus linearis); rooibos (tea made from the above plant)
quaestor	n	de · mv. quaestoren	treasurer, today mostly used in academic/student organizations
syncope	n	de · mv. syncopes	the loss or elision of a sound from the interior of a word (for example the…; a loss of consciousness when someone faints, a swoon; syncope
pallet	n	de · mv. pallets	pallet
Lars	m		a male given name
drinker	n	de · mv. drinkers	one who drinks; a regular drinker of alcoholic beverages
dol	a		crazy, silly, mad; mindless, reckless; irate
dol	n	de · mv. dollen	thole(-pin); rowlock, oarlock
zoek	a		lost, missing, gone
zelfstandig	a		independent, autonomous, sovereign; self-employed; self-reliant, self-supporting
zilveren	a		silvern, silver; made of silver
naamwoord	n	het · mv. naamwoorden	noun (in the general sense, adjectives included)
Latijns	a		Latin
Latijns	m		the Latin language
kunne	n	de	gender, sex
fantasie	n	de · mv. fantasieën	fantasy, imagination (capacity for imagining and thinking up things); fantasy (something that has been imagined); fantasy, imagination (fantastic image or state, state of fantasy)
realist	n	de · mv. realisten	realist (someone with concern for fact and reality); realist (artist who seeks to faithfully represent reality); realist (one who thinks that universals are real)
peetvader	n	de · mv. peetvaders	godfather (mob boss); godfather (male godparent)
scrip	n	de · mv. scrips	scrip (share certificate)
abdij	n	de · mv. abdijen	an abbey, monastery under a prelate styled abbot
aanhangsel	n	het · mv. aanhangsels	attachment; appendix
aard	n	de · mv. aarden	nature, character, disposition
modus	n	de · mv. modussen	mode; mood
afbeelding	n	de · mv. afbeeldingen	picture, image; mapping
carbonade	n	de · mv. carbonades	dated spelling of karbonade
tricolon	n	het · mv. tricola	tricolon
edelgesteente	n	het · mv. edelgesteenten	precious stones
beheerder	n	de · mv. beheerders	manager, warden, administrator, curator, steward
enigszins	d		somewhat; to some degree; rather
draaikont	n	de · mv. draaikonten	a U-turner; an inconsistent person, who readily changes position (literally,…; a fidget
bastaardwoord	n	het · mv. bastaardwoorden	loan, loanword
doek	n	de/het · mv. doeken	cloth, linen, fabric; a piece of cloth; screen, curtain (at the theater)
coffeeshop	n	de · mv. coffeeshops	an establishment that sells cannabis products and often also non-alcoholic…
flitspuit	n	de · mv. flitspuiten	atomiser / atomizer
feitenkennis	n	de	an often trivial knowledge of facts
grijsaard	n	de · mv. grijsaarden	greybeard; grey-haired old man
oosters	a		easterly, oriental
vechthaan	n	de · mv. vechthanen	gamecock; brawler
gesjirp	n	het	chirping
dragelijk	a		bearable, tolerable
jenever	n	de · mv. jenevers	jenever
kemphaan	n	de · mv. kemphanen	ruff (Calidris pugnax syn. Philomachus pugnax); brawler, streetfighter; gamecock
gerucht	n	het · mv. geruchten	rumor; sound, clamour
lengte	n	de · mv. lengten	length; height (of a person)
pyxis	n	de · mv. pyxiden	a small box for storing consecrated hosts, e.g. in a tabernacle or for…; a type of small box from Ancient Greece holding small, valuable items (such…
stewardess	n	de · mv. stewardessen	stewardess, air hostess
toorn	n	de	ire, wrath
decor	n	het · mv. decors	stage setting, decor, scenery; decor; decoration
heil	n	het	prosperity; salvation
feedback	n	de	feedback
provider	n	de · mv. providers	an Internet or telephone provider
vroom	a		pious, devout
commandant	n	de · mv. commandanten	commander
riff	n	de · mv. riffs	riff
maître	n	de · mv. maîtres	master (an expert, a qualified teacher)
hotdog	n	de · mv. hotdogs	hot dog
fries	n	de/het · mv. friezen	frieze; Frisian horse
topping	n	de · mv. toppings	topping (any food item added on top of another, such as sprinkles on ice…
snip	n	de · mv. snippen	a snipe or woodcock, thin-beaked bird of the genera Gallinago, Scolopax,…; a 100 guilders banknote
winters	a		wintry, winterlike
blubber	n	de	mud, or anything of similar consistency and slipperiness; blubber, fatty tissue
ernst	n	de	seriousness
Seychellen	m		Seychelles (an archipelago and country in East Africa, in the Indian Ocean)
epifauna	n	de	aquatic, especially benthic, fauna that lives on sediment or on a substrate,…
couplet	n	het · mv. coupletten	verse of a song
pacemaker	n	de · mv. pacemakers	pacemaker (medical implement that is used to stimulate a heart to beat); pacemaker (one who sets the pace in a race, to guide the others)
timen	v	timede – getimed	to time (measure or record the time, duration, or rate of something); to time (choose when something commences)
moslim	n	de · mv. moslims	Muslim; a Muslim person, adherent to Islam
Georgië	m		Georgia (a transcontinental country in the Caucasus region of Europe and…
Cambodja	m		Cambodia (a country in Southeast Asia)
Griekenland	m		Greece (a country in Southeastern Europe)
Jordanië	m		Jordan (a country in West Asia in the Middle East)
Nieuw-Zeeland	m		New Zealand (a country and archipelago of Oceania, to the east of Australia)
Armenië	m		Armenia (a country in the South Caucasus region of Asia, sometimes…
Kameroen	m		Cameroon (a country in Central Africa)
Kaapverdië	m		Cape Verde (an archipelago and country in West Africa)
Mauretanië	m		Mauritania (a country in West Africa)
Moldavië	m		Moldova (a country in Eastern Europe)
Maleisië	m		Malaysia (a country in Southeast Asia)
Wallonië	m		Wallonia
Ethiopië	m		Ethiopia (a country in East Africa)
Indonesië	m		Indonesia (a country and archipelago in maritime Southeast Asia)
Indië	m		the Indonesian War of Independence; synonym of Indonesië (“Indonesia”); used to refer to the territory and…
Israël	m		Israel (a country in Western Asia in the Middle East, at the eastern shore…; Israel (a Biblical region of Western Asia roughly coextensive with the…; Israel, Jacob (mythological character)
Koeweit	m		Kuwait (a country in West Asia in the Middle East)
Kazachstan	m		Kazakhstan (a country in Central Asia and Eastern Europe)
Kirgizië	m		Kyrgyzstan (a country in Central Asia, bordering on Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan,…
Namibië	m		Namibia (a country in Southern Africa)
Noord-Korea	m		North Korea (a country in East Asia, whose territory consists of the…
Slowakije	m		Slovakia (a country in Central Europe)
Somalië	m		Somalia (a country in East Africa, in the Horn of Africa)
Saoedi-Arabië	m		Saudi Arabia (a country in West Asia in the Middle East)
Zuid-Korea	m		South Korea (a country in East Asia, comprising the southern part of the…
Soedan	m		Sudan (a country in North Africa and East Africa)
Syrië	m		Syria (a country in West Asia in the Middle East)
Turkije	m		Turkey (a country located in Eastern Thrace in Southeastern Europe and…
Oeganda	m		Uganda (a country in East Africa)
Oezbekistan	m		Uzbekistan (a country in Central Asia)
Vaticaanstad	m		Vatican City (a city-state in Southern Europe, an enclave within the city of…
Equatoriaal-Guinea	m		Equatorial Guinea (a country in Central Africa)
Egypte	m		Egypt (a country in North Africa and West Asia); a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Ivoorkust	m		Ivory Coast, Côte d'Ivoire (a country in West Africa)
Catalonië	m		Catalonia (an autonomous community in northeast Spain)
Nieuw-Caledonië	m		New Caledonia (an archipelago and overseas territory of France in Oceania)
Oost-Vlaanderen	m		East Flanders (a province of Belgium)
Vlaanderen	m		Flanders (a cultural region in the north of Belgium); Flanders (a historical county of Western Europe; in full, County of Flanders)
West-Vlaanderen	m		West Flanders (a province of Belgium)
aar	n	de · mv. aren	ear (of corn, grain etc.); eagle
conformist	n	de · mv. conformisten	conformist
evenwijdig	a		parallel
Emma	m		a female given name
credo	n	het · mv. credo's	confession of faith, creed; (strong) conviction
fokken	v	fokte – gefokt	to breed (animals)
wenkbrauw	n	de · mv. wenkbrauwen	eyebrow
wimper	n	de · mv. wimpers	eyelash
topper	n	de · mv. toppers	someone or something excellent; a belter, a ripper; the greater scaup, Aythya marila
ambergris	n	het	ambergris
mwah	i		meh
gymnast	n	de · mv. gymnasten	gymnast
eikel	n	de · mv. eikels	acorn; glans penis; jerk, arse, prick
lotus	n	de · mv. lotussen	lotus, plant of the genus Nelumbo; used for certain plants of the genus Nymphaea; simulated casualty, patient actor, simulated patient, standardized…
pizzeria	n	de · mv. pizzeria's	pizzeria
hydrant	n	de · mv. hydranten	hydrant, fire hydrant
crematorium	n	het · mv. crematoria	crematorium, crematory
pointe	n	de · mv. pointes	punchline
columnist	n	de · mv. columnisten	a (male or unspecified) regular writer of a column, such as in a magazine or…
elders	d		elsewhere
cel	n	de · mv. cellen	component of a battery; component of a body tissue; a small room, such as a prison or cloister cell
natto	n	de	natto (Japanese fermented soybean dish)
slush	n	de · mv. slushes	slush (half-melted snow or ice); slush (flavored shaved ice served as a drink)
scampi	n	de · mv. scampi	various species in the order Decapoda, eaten as food
bassist	n	de · mv. bassisten	a musician playing a bass; esp. a bass guitarist
gips	n	het	plaster cast; gypsum
chihuahua	n	de · mv. chihuahua's	Chihuahua (dog)
piri-piri	n	de · mv. piri-piri's	African birdseye chile pepper
symbiont	n	de/het · mv. symbionten	a symbiont, a symbiote
soulmate	n	de · mv. soulmates	soulmate
perfectionist	n	de · mv. perfectionisten	perfectionist
bondage	n	de	bondage (BDSM sexual practice involving physical restraining)
ontvangstbewijs	n	het · mv. ontvangstbewijzen	receipt
garçon	n	de · mv. garçons	waiter in a bar, restaurant etc
delirium	n	het · mv. deliria	delirium
zich	r		Third person singular and plural reflexive pronoun; himself, herself,…; Second person singular and plural formal reflexive pronoun
canasta	n	de · mv. canasta's	canasta (Uruguayan cardgame); canasta (meld of seven cards in the above game)
barman	n	de · mv. barmannen	barman, male bartender
jullie	r		you; second-person plural subjective personal pronoun; second-person plural objective personal pronoun
jullie	t		your; second-person plural possessive determiner
gij	r		you; thou, ye
mij	r		me; first-person singular objective personal pronoun
jou	r		you; second-person singular objective personal pronoun
telkens	d		in each case, each time; repeatedly, time and again
pessimist	n	de · mv. pessimisten	pessimist
finalist	n	de · mv. finalisten	finalist
aanvang	n	de · mv. aanvangen	commencement, inception, beginning
aanvang	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanvangen
overwinnen	v	overwon – overwonnen	defeat, crush, overcome; conquer, vanquish; surmount, get over
inrichten	v	richtte in – ingericht	to arrange, organize; to equip, furnish; to set up
paal	n	de · mv. palen	post, stake, pole, pile; goalpost; pale, perpendicular stripe
paal	a		pale; faded, discolored
letten	v	lette – gelet	to pay attention, to mind; to prevent from doing something, to keep, to hinder, to stop
bekoring	n	de · mv. bekoringen	charm, appeal, attractiveness, allure; temptation; pleasure
troosten	v	troostte – getroost	to comfort, console, solace
smeken	v	smeekte – gesmeekt	to beg, implore, urge
haasten	v	haastte – gehaast	to hasten, to hurry, make haste
zakken	v	zakte – gezakt	to fall, to drop, to sink; to come down, to go down; to fail, to flunk
achtergrond	n	de · mv. achtergronden	background
push-up	n	de · mv. push-ups	push-up (exercise)
Berber	n	de · mv. Berbers	Berber, Berber person
Berber	m		Berber, Berber languages
achtergrondkleur	n	de · mv. achtergrondkleuren	background colour
aanvangen	v	ving aan – aangevangen	to begin, to start, to commence
vierde	a		fourth
vierde	n	de · mv. vierden	a fourth in ranking; one in four parts, a quarter
vijfde	a		fifth
zesde	a		sixth
zevende	a		seventh
achtste	a		eighth
negende	a		ninth
tiende	a		tenth
tiende	n	het · mv. tienden	tithe
elfde	a		eleventh
twaalfde	a		twelfth
dertiende	a		thirteenth
veertiende	a		fourteenth
vijftiende	a		fifteenth
zestiende	a		sixteenth
zeventiende	a		seventeenth
achttiende	a		eighteenth
negentiende	a		nineteenth
twintigste	a		twentieth
eenentwintig	u		twenty-one
eenentwintigste	a		twenty-first
tweeëntwintig	u		twenty-two
drieëntwintig	u		twenty-three
vierentwintig	u		twenty-four
vijfentwintig	u		twenty-five
zesentwintig	u		twenty-six
zevenentwintig	u		twenty-seven
achtentwintig	u		twenty-eight
negenentwintig	u		twenty-nine
dertig	u		thirty
eenendertig	u		thirty-one
tweeëndertig	u		thirty-two
drieëndertig	u		thirty-three
vierendertig	u		thirty-four
vijfendertig	u		thirty-five
zesendertig	u		thirty-six
zevenendertig	u		thirty-seven
achtendertig	u		thirty-eight
negenendertig	u		thirty-nine
eenenveertig	u		forty-one
tweeënveertig	u		forty-two
drieënveertig	u		forty-three
vierenveertig	u		forty-four
zesenveertig	u		forty-six
vijfenveertig	u		forty-five
zevenenveertig	u		forty-seven
achtenveertig	u		forty-eight
negenenveertig	u		forty-nine
eenenvijftig	u		fifty-one
tweeënvijftig	u		fifty-two
vierenvijftig	u		fifty-four
drieënvijftig	u		fifty-three
zesenvijftig	u		fifty-six
vijfenvijftig	u		fifty-five
achtenvijftig	u		fifty-eight
negenenvijftig	u		fifty-nine
zevenenvijftig	u		fifty-seven
eenenzestig	u		sixty-one
tweeënzestig	u		sixty-two
drieënzestig	u		sixty-three
vierenzestig	u		sixty-four
vijfenzestig	u		sixty-five
zesenzestig	u		sixty-six
zevenenzestig	u		sixty-seven
achtenzestig	u		sixty-eight
negenenzestig	u		sixty-nine
drieënzeventig	u		seventy-three
eenenzeventig	u		seventy-one
tweeënzeventig	u		seventy-two
vierenzeventig	u		seventy-four
vijfenzeventig	u		seventy-five
mank	a		lame
paella	n	de	paella
imperialist	n	de · mv. imperialisten	imperialist (proponent of imperialism)
myriameter	n	de · mv. myriameters	a myriametre (10 km)
rei	n	de · mv. reien	circle dance, dance in which the participants form a circle, walk or dance…
courant	a		current, prevalent, standard
courant	n	het · mv. couranten	currency
honorarium	n	het · mv. honoraria	honorarium (compensation, such as a salary, for professional services)
equalizer	n	de · mv. equalizers	equalizer (device for altering audio frequencies)
lifter	n	de · mv. lifters	hitchhiker
Twi	m		Twi (language)
melamine	n	de	melamine
mastaba	n	de · mv. mastaba's	a mastaba (ancient Egyptian tomb structure)
wel	d		the opposite of not (used to add positive emphasis to the verb, much like…; no less than, as much as, as many as (expressing amazement); fairly
wel	n	het	weal (general state of well-being and prosperity); well, source; well
chronometer	n	de · mv. chronometers	chronometer
odeur	n	de · mv. odeurs	odor, smell
harken	v	harkte – geharkt	to rake, to use a rake on
schadenfreude	n	de	schadenfreude
kever	n	de · mv. kevers	beetle (insect of the order Coleoptera)
zeng	n	de · mv. zengen	gust, windflaw
damar	n	de	damar (resin)
kap	n	de · mv. kappen	cap; cover; stroke
Jeroen	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Jerome or Jeremy
spahi	n	de · mv. spahi's	a spahi
rak	n	het · mv. rakken	a straight section of a waterway; a straight distance or section that one traverses by sailing; a rack, a frame
torero	n	de · mv. torero's	torero, bullfighter, toreador
kor	n	de · mv. korren	a trawl, a dragnet used for trawling over or close to the seabed
kar	n	de · mv. karren	a cart, vehicle on wheels without motor; any wheeled vehicle, in particular a car or truck
syrinx	n	de · mv. syrinxen	syrinx (voice organ in birds); syrinx (fluid-filled neuroglial cavity)
kering	n	de · mv. keringen	barrier, retaining wall (structure designed to keep water or earth in or out)
vod	n	het · mv. vodden	rag
dagboek	n	het · mv. dagboeken	diary
kram	n	de · mv. krammen	staple (U-shaped metal fastener to bind materials together, for example to…; surgical staple
cabine	n	de · mv. cabines	cabin (of an aircraft or ship); cab (of a train)
kas	n	de · mv. kassen	a greenhouse; a public or private entity, mainly concerned with managing funds for a…; a counter, room etc. where cash payments are made and/or received
metselaar	n	de · mv. metselaars	bricklayer, mason
kul	n	de · mv. kullen	testicle; marble (small ball used in various games); loser, wuss, wimp
mulat	n	de · mv. mulatten	mulatto
maja	i		maar ja; anyway, anyhow
Michel	m		a male given name from French, variant of Michaël, equivalent to English Michael
lel	n	de · mv. lellen	slap; lobe; wattle (of a bird)
magnetron	n	de · mv. magnetrons	microwave oven (fast heating device with mainly culinary use)
stopper	n	de · mv. stoppers	stop (device to block path)
tussen	p		between; among, amidst
tenger	a		slim
conga	n	de · mv. conga's	a conga (tall, narrow Cuban hand drum used in pairs); Conga (Cuban march music and dance style)
chloroform	n	de	chloroform
chauvinist	n	de · mv. chauvinisten	chauvinist
classeur	n	de · mv. classeurs	a binder, a hard-cover folder
bollen	v	bolde – gebold	to swell, to billow; to inflate; to puff out
dolken	v	dolkte – gedolkt	to stab with a dagger
Diwali	m		Diwali
hak	n	de · mv. hakken	heel of a shoe; heel of a foot; hoe (agricultural tool, gardening tool)
mol	n	de · mv. mollen	a mole, any insectivore of the family Talpidae; a European mole, Talpa europaea; a mole, an infiltrator, an infiltrant
pauk	n	de · mv. pauken	kettledrum, usually in the plural: timpani
mak	a		tame (domesticated, tamed); calm, tame (in a calm state of mind. not agitated)
Wilhelmina	m		a female given name, masculine equivalent Willem
brr	i		brr (exclamation of cold); an exclamation of disgust or aversion
koor	n	het · mv. koren	choir, vocal ensemble; choir, part of a church building; chorus
gom	n	de · mv. gommen	gum, various viscous or sticky substances exuded by certain plants or…; an object made from gum
nevel	n	de · mv. nevelen	fog; nebula
rit	n	de · mv. ritten	a ride on a mount (animal) or man-powered vehicle; a drive in an animal-drawn or motorized vehicle; a stage or lap as part of a long tour or journey
nar	n	de · mv. narren	court jester; fool
gemet	n	het · mv. gemeten	a measure of land roughly the size of an acre
kil	a		cold-hearted, cold-blooded; cold, chilly (of temperatures, weather, etc.)
kil	n	de · mv. killen	kill, waterway on sandflats or mud flats; creek, rivulet
azen	v	aasde – geaasd	to predate; to long, to desire
kapseizen	v	kapseisde – gekapseisd	to capsize; to keel over
peet	n	de · mv. peten	godparent; witness at baptism; various other kin, notably one which a child is named after
casco	n	het	shell of a building, car or ship
volk	n	het · mv. volken	people, nation; tribe; folk, the common people, the lower classes, the working classes
hein	n	de · mv. heinen	physical demarcation between fields or yards, like a fence, wall or ditch; skinny person; skinny horse
kont	n	de · mv. konten	butt, bum, arse; a cunt (an extremely unpleasant or objectionable person)
ebben	v	ebde – geëbd	to ebb, to recede (especially of tides)
ebben	n	het	ebony (wood)
ebben	a		ebony (made of ebony wood)
ras	n	het · mv. rassen	race, breed
ras	a		quick
monarchist	n	de · mv. monarchisten	monarchist
katten	v	katte – gekat	to slate, to criticise heavily, in a snide manner
kanten	a		made or consisting of lace
kanten	v	kantte – gekant	to make/ give (a) side(s), edge etc; to (give a) shape; to let graze along the side of a pasture
toom	n	de/het · mv. tomen	bridle, rein; a flock of birds (especially ducks, geese and swans); frenulum
dwerg	n	de · mv. dwergen	dwarf (small human; small specimen, breed or species of animal); dwarf (small folkloristic humanoid)
tegel	n	de · mv. tegels	tile
tuig	n	het · mv. tuigen	thing; physical device, contraption; riff-raff
tonder	n	het	tinder
haat	n	de	hatred
bloot	a		bare, naked, nude; unprotected, uncovered; unaided
bloot	n	het	nakedness, especially as art subject or in porn
hertog	n	de · mv. hertogen	duke
meten	v	mat – gemeten	to measure; to measure up
strychnine	n	de/het	strychnine
stamper	n	de · mv. stampers	pistil (reproductive organ of certain plants); pestle (stick used for crushing and grinding); compactor, such as those used to compact soil
vlijt	n	de	diligence
groet	n	de · mv. groeten	greeting
schoot	n	de · mv. schoten	the act(ivity) of shooting; a shot; the projectile
chamets	n	de	chametz
vlot	a		smooth, easy; quick, fast
vlot	n	het · mv. vlotten	raft
vloed	n	de · mv. vloeden	flood (high tide); flood, current (stream); flood (inundation)
gieten	v	goot – gegoten	to pour; to mould or cast; to pour down, to precipitate heavily
groeten	v	groette – gegroet	to greet; to salute
schotel	n	de · mv. schotels	dish; saucer; satellite dish
vatten	v	vatte – gevat	to grasp; to grasp mentally, to understand; to catch, to apprehend
hitte	n	de	heat (extreme warmth)
coupé	n	de · mv. coupés	train compartment; coupé (type of sports car)
zugzwang	n	de	zugzwang (situation in which a disadvantageous move is forced on a player)
integratie	n	de · mv. integraties	integration
inspan	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inspannen
saté	n	de · mv. satés	satay
chemise	n	de · mv. chemises	chemise (garment)
pyjama	n	de · mv. pyjama's	pyjamas, a matching set of light material trousers and vest for wearing to…
fis	n	de · mv. fissen	F-sharp
amaretto	n	de · mv. amaretto's	amaretto; a glass or other serving of amaretto
kroon	n	de · mv. kronen	regal headgear; royal power; part of a tooth not covered by gum
stuiver	n	de · mv. stuivers	stiver, 5 cents (0.05 guilder); penny
dubbeltje	n	het · mv. dubbeltjes	Dutch coin of 10 cents (0.10 guilders or euros)
kwartje	n	het · mv. kwartjes	a coin of 25 cents (0.25 guilder), quarter; quarter of a pill of recreational drugs, particularly ecstasy
piek	n	de · mv. pieken	a highest point; a peak; a summit, a peak, the highest point of a mountain
rijksdaalder	n	de · mv. rijksdaalders	a Dutch coin worth 2+¹⁄₂ guilders; a coin used until the decimalization of 1816 worth 50 stuivers rather than…
vijfje	n	het · mv. vijfjes	a 5 guilder coin, issued from 1988 until 2001; a 5 guilder bank note; a 5 euro bank note, issued from 2002
tientje	n	het · mv. tientjes	a 10 guilder / euro banknote
geeltje	n	het · mv. geeltjes	post-it note
zonnebloem	n	de · mv. zonnebloemen	a sunflower, flower of the genus Helianthus
honderdje	n	het · mv. honderdjes	a 100 guilder banknote; a 100 euro banknote
vuurtoren	n	de · mv. vuurtorens	a lighthouse; a 250 guilder banknote (before the introduction of the euro); a redhead, ginger
duizendje	n	het · mv. duizendjes	a 1000 guilder banknote
gulden	a		golden, made of gold; precious, excellent, priceless; guilded, plated with gold or coated with something resembling gold
gulden	n	de · mv. guldens	the guilder (or florin, abbreviated fl.), the Dutch national currency before…; the Netherlands Antillean guilder (now the Caribbean guilder), the national…; name of several historical gold or silver coins
onderwijzer	n	de · mv. onderwijzers	teacher
Edam	m		a city in Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
Stevens	m		a surname originating as a patronymic
hode	i		Used to convey surprise: holy shit; bloody hell
hode	n	de · mv. hoden	testicle
Zhuang	m		Zhuang (language)
Trent	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
schijten	v	scheet – gescheten	to shit, to poop
droom	n	de · mv. dromen	dream
helpen	v	hielp – geholpen	to help; to provide, to supply; to get hooked, to cause (someone) to be very keen (on), addicted or depended
rijp	a		ripe (of fruit etc.)
rijp	n	de	hoarfrost
openen	v	opende – geopend	to open
thuisfront	n	het · mv. thuisfronten	home front
werpen	v	wierp – geworpen	to throw; to give birth
smelten	v	smolt – gesmolten	to melt; to smelt
slijten	v	sleet – gesleten	to tear; to wear down; to sell
vlieten	v	vloot – gevloten	to flow
druipen	v	droop – gedropen	to drip
dooien	v	dooide – gedooid	to thaw, to melt
weit	n	de	wheat
pak	n	het · mv. pakken	package; suit (set of clothes)
tuk	n	de · mv. tukken	a nap
yaoi	n	de	yaoi
doden	v	doodde – gedood	to kill
dopen	v	doopte – gedoopt	to dip, to immerse; to baptize, to christen; to name (give a name to)
breuk	n	de · mv. breuken	fracture, break; fraction; fault
schaffen	v	schafte – geschaft	to procure; to serve up
scheppen	v	schiep – geschapen	to create; to scoop (up), to shovel (away); to hit and subsequently heave up (by a vehicle at high speed)
bruid	n	de · mv. bruiden	bride
gereed	a		ready, prepared; done, finished, completed; reasonable, serious
zweten	v	zweette – gezweet	to sweat
paddenstoel	n	de · mv. paddenstoelen	mushroom; mushroom-shaped signpost
handstand	n	de · mv. handstanden	handstand
doof	a		deaf
Tobias	m		Tobias (Biblical character); a male given name from Hebrew
hospes	n	de · mv. hospites	landlord
pullus	n	de · mv. pulli	a pullus; the young chick of a bird
pianola	n	de · mv. pianola's	pianola
zwijgen	v	zweeg – gezwegen	to be silent, to shut one's mouth; to keep silent
weduwe	n	de · mv. weduwen	widow, surviving wife
roede	n	de · mv. roeden	a rod, woody branch or staff, notably as a symbol of authority; a rod, similar object in various materials (e.g. for a curtain); a faggot, bavin or other bundle of sticks or twigs, used for making brooms…
ritus	n	de · mv. ritussen	rite
Minsk	m		Minsk (capital of Belarus)
nier	n	de · mv. nieren	a kidney; an animal kidney eaten as a food
Amman	m		Amman (the capital city of Jordan)
Santiago	m		Santiago, Santiago de Chile (the capital city of Chile)
Paramaribo	m		Paramaribo (the capital city of Suriname); Paramaribo District (a district of Suriname)
juk	n	het · mv. jukken	a yoke; a burden; something which represses or restrains a person
neder	d		down; low-
netel	n	de · mv. netels	nettle, plant of the unrelated genera Urtica or Lamium
roer	n	het · mv. roeren	a boat's wheel; a rudder, device to steer a vessel; (used absolutely, with the definite article: het roer) control
ruim	a		spacious, roomy; large, wide; ample, generous
ruim	d		more than, over, easily
ruim	n	het · mv. ruimen	the wide, open space; a cargo hold
schemer	n	de · mv. schemers	twilight
Eridanus	m		Eridanus (mythical river); Eridanus
regering	n	de · mv. regeringen	governing (act of; ruling a state or similar political entity); government (a governing council: especially the executive branch of government)
wetten	v	wette – gewet	to whet, hone or rub on with something for the purpose of sharpening an…; to prepare, make preparations; to point as a weapon
nippertje	n	het · mv. nippertjes	instant, brief moment
positivist	n	de · mv. positivisten	positivist
fosfor	n	de/het	phosphorus
wedden	v	wedde – gewed	to wager, to bet, to accept a gamble
korf	n	de · mv. korven	basket
overmoed	n	de	overconfidence, hubris, recklessness
overmoedig	a		overconfident, too courageous or brave, reckless
Kinshasa	m		Kinshasa (the capital city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo)
postcode	n	de · mv. postcodes	a postcode, a postal code
bakkie	n	het · mv. bakkies	cuppa joe (a cup of coffee)
middel	n	het · mv. middelen	means; medicine, cure; waist
middag	n	de · mv. middagen	midday, noon; afternoon (period from 12 PM to 6 PM)
Shetland	m		Shetland, Shetland Islands (an archipelago and council area of Scotland,…
mei	n	de	May
Hank	m		a village in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
moe	a		tired, weary
moe	n	de	mother
loof	n	het	foliage
uier	n	de · mv. uiers	udder
Bahrein	m		Bahrain (an archipelago, island, and country in West Asia in the Persian Gulf)
urushiol	n	het	urushiol
vermoeid	a		tired, exhausted
tocht	n	de · mv. tochten	journey, expedition, march; draught, air current; a small waterway that connects all the other waterways in a polder to a…
dij	n	de · mv. dijen	thigh
dij	r		Second-person singular, objective: thee
rij	n	de · mv. rijen	row, line; row (entries in a table going left to right); line, queue of people waiting for something
vocht	n	het	dampness, moisture; liquid
vocht	a		moist
wacht	n	de · mv. wachten	the function, duty of standing guard; a watch or vigil; a guard-post
nauw	a		narrow; close
nauw	n	het	strait
rijden	v	reed – gereden	to ride; to drive
gems	n	de · mv. gemzen	chamois (mountain goat, Rupicapra rupicapra)
piramide	n	de · mv. piramiden	pyramid
postscriptum	n	het · mv. postscriptums	post scriptum
planetarium	n	het · mv. planetaria	planetarium
biecht	n	de · mv. biechten	confession
kruk	n	de · mv. krukken	stool (piece of furniture without back or armrests); crutch (device to assist in motion); handle
Nora	m		a female given name
wiek	n	de · mv. wieken	sail of a windmill or blade on a wind turbine; propeller of a helicopter or similar aircraft; wick
stal	n	de · mv. stallen	a stable, a place to keep hoofed animals; a pigsty, particularly disorderly place; a pool of horses, racers etc. owned or managed by a same person or entity
sollen	v	solde – gesold	to throw back and forth (of a ball); to play, to mess
aannemen	v	nam aan – aangenomen	to take; to accept; to adopt
aardbeving	n	de · mv. aardbevingen	earthquake
absorberen	v	absorbeerde – geabsorbeerd	to absorb
kolk	n	de · mv. kolken	vortex, maelstrom; a drain that is part a sewer system; a small waterway connected to one or several windmills that control the…
sliding	n	de · mv. slidings	a slide tackle; slide, track (one of two parallel grooves that guide the small wheels of a…
veter	n	de · mv. veters	a lace (string)
caravan	n	de · mv. caravans	caravan (type of trailer, mobile home)
brak	a		brackish; bad; hungover
brak	n	de · mv. brakken	hound, brach (of either sex)
kut	n	de · mv. kutten	vulva, especially the vagina; cunt, pussy; cunt, a strongly disliked person, usually towards women
kut	i		fuck!
kut	a		crap, not entertaining
kommer	n	de	problems, worries, concern; sadness, sorrow
krank	a		sick, ill
boomslang	n	de · mv. boomslangen	the boomslang, Dispholidus typus
dikkop	n	de · mv. dikkoppen	large-headed person; stubborn person; runner doped up on human growth hormone
Josephine	m		a female given name
dichtdoen	v	deed dicht – dichtgedaan	to close
niemand	r		nobody, no one
temen	v	teemde – geteemd	to drawl, to talk slowly
telo	n	de · mv. telo's	strips of parboiled and then fried cassava; a snack consisting of telo and a small serving of salt cod
conducteur	n	de · mv. conducteurs	conductor (ticket collector); cue sheet; partition containing one band player's particular part
danken	v	dankte – gedankt	to thank
dulden	v	duldde – geduld	to tolerate; to endure
gedacht	n	het	opinion
etter	n	de/het	pus; a nasty person, a prat
cava	n	de · mv. cava's	Cava
scala	n	de/het · mv. scala's	assortment, range
stoep	n	de · mv. stoepen	pavement, footpath, sidewalk; stoop, platform before a (major) door into a building, doorstep
nuk	n	de · mv. nukken	whim, impulse
lof	n	de	praise
reeds	d		already
kous	n	de · mv. kousen	stocking, long sock; mantle (incandescent covering of a heat source)
zat	a		having had enough, having had it up to here, fed up; drunk, tipsy; sated, full
zat	t		plenty
zat	d		enough
leider	n	de · mv. leiders	leader, head, chief
pasar	n	de · mv. pasars	an Indonesian market or fair
rotan	n	de · mv. rotans	rattan
roti	n	de · mv. roti's	the Indian Surinamese version of roti; a soft, flexible, unleavened…; a dish served on or with a roti, usually consisting of a serving of chicken…
jep	i		yup, yep, yes
reflector	n	de · mv. reflectors	reflector (reflecting disk on the rear of a vehicle; chiefly a bicycle)
lende	n	de · mv. lenden	loin, bottom part of the back; flank, side; fellow countryman
lyceum	n	het · mv. lycea	lyceum
krap	a		without much room, narrow, close
zot	a		crazy, mad
zot	n	de · mv. zotten	a fool
pret	n	de	fun
fiche	n	het · mv. fiches	chip, token; card, like a punch card, microfiche or file card
mistel	n	de · mv. mistels	synonym of maretak (“mistletoe, Viscum album”)
Stier	m		Taurus
goodwill	n	de	goodwill
lacher	n	de · mv. lachers	laugher (one who laughs); joke
huur	n	de · mv. huren	renting, hiring; rent
autogyro	n	de · mv. autogyro's	Official spelling of autogiro
autogiro	n	de · mv. autogiro's	autogyro
kozak	n	de · mv. kozakken	Cossack
ruggengraat	n	de · mv. ruggengraten	vertebral column; spine, backbone; backbone, fundamental support, core of an organization
geïnteresseerde	n	de · mv. geïnteresseerden	one who is interested, an interested party
geïnteresseerd	a		interested
gelukkig	a		happy; generally in life. For momentarily, see blij; pleased, satisfied, fulfilled
gelukkig	d		luckily; thankfully
schier	d		almost
schier	a		fast, quick; neat, tidy, proper; grey, in particular light grey
schede	n	de · mv. scheden	sheath, scabbard; vagina
saus	n	de · mv. sausen	sauce (liquid condiment, usually of more than watery consistency)
gastvrijheid	n	de	hospitality
heks	n	de · mv. heksen	witch (sorceress); witch (term of abuse for a woman)
slager	n	de · mv. slagers	butcher (one who prepares and sells meat and meat products)
beenhouwer	n	de · mv. beenhouwers	butcher, who professionally sells (and often prepares) meat products
burgemeester	n	de · mv. burgemeesters	mayor, burgomaster (head of a city or municipality); synonym of kleine burgemeester (“Larus glaucoides”); synonym of grote burgemeester (“Larus hyperboreus”)
bedreigen	v	bedreigde – bedreigd	to threaten (to pose a risk to); to threaten (to express a threat to)
poos	n	de · mv. pozen	undefined period of time, an indefinite period; eternity
noest	a		industrious
oir	n	het	descendant
heksenketel	n	de · mv. heksenketels	witch's cauldron; pandemonium
filiaal	n	het · mv. filialen	branch, as a location of an organization with several locations
eva	n	de · mv. eva's	a half-apron
spuitbus	n	de · mv. spuitbussen	spray can
werklust	n	de	industry (3)
Eva	m		Eve (mythological first woman); a female given name
petticoat	n	de · mv. petticoats	petticoat (woman's undergarment worn under a dress or skirt, worn to make…
tetrarch	n	de · mv. tetrarchen	a tetrarch (governor or ruler of a quarter of a country); a tetrarch (one of the four members of a jointly ruling tetrarchy); a tetrarch (officer in charge of a fourth part of a phalanx in Ancient Greece)
Agatha	n	de	a female given name from Ancient Greek, equivalent to English Agatha
kokos	n	de/het	the white flesh of the coconut, often in a desiccated form; coconut
reservist	n	de · mv. reservisten	reservist
holebi	n	de · mv. holebi's	collective name for homosexuals, lesbians and bisexuals; lesbigay; LGB
dumping	n	de · mv. dumpingen	dumping
cabotage	n	de	cabotage
Helena	m		a female given name, a Latinate variant of Heleen (=Helen)
broche	n	de/het · mv. broches	a brooch
waypoint	n	het · mv. waypointen	waypoint
kunde	n	de · mv. kundes	skill, competency
leghorn	n	de · mv. leghorns	leghorn, breed of chicken from Livorno
Egge	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
pipet	n	de/het · mv. pipetten	a pipette
ganu	n	de · mv. ganu's	gun
arbitrage	n	de · mv. arbitrages	refereeing; arbitration
nr.	n		No., no. abbreviation of nummer
nr	n	het · mv. nrs	No.; no.; abbreviation of nummer
puf	n	de · mv. puffen	wish; desire
vot	n	de · mv. votten	butt, buttocks, posterior
waarvoor	d		what for
wenden	v	wendde – gewend	to direct oneself, turn; to come about
rekenen	v	rekende – gerekend	to calculate, to do arithmetic; to count [with tot ‘as (belonging to)’; or with als ‘as’], to consider…
stolp	n	de · mv. stolpen	cover; bell jar
kei	n	de · mv. keien	cobble, cobblestone; pebble; boulder
permafrost	n	de	permafrost
polonaise	n	de · mv. polonaises	polonaise (stately Polish dance); polonaise (music accompanying this dance); an informal dance, similar to a conga line, where a chain of people is…
komma	n	de · mv. komma's	comma
drog	n	het	deceit, falsehood
tölt	n	de	a particular gait of a horse, particularly Icelandic ones
ketel	n	de · mv. ketels	kettle, cauldron (a pot used to boil water); boiler (device for heating a building)
besogne	n	de · mv. besognes	everyday occupation, daily concern, daily business (that which occupies…
vlas	n	het	flax plant (Linum usitatissimum); the fibers of said plant
moker	n	de · mv. mokers	lump hammer
pekel	n	de	brine (salt water)
pepel	n	de · mv. pepels	butterfly
constante	n	de · mv. constanten	constant, non-variable factor or quantity
rek	n	het · mv. rekken	a rack or stand; the ability for a material to stretch; tolerance, flexibility, permissiveness
maillot	n	de/het · mv. maillots	maillot
smet	n	de · mv. smetten	a stain, a blemish; an imperfection, a stain on something otherwise clean and pure
kaalgat	n	de · mv. kaalgaten	an extremely poor person, a poor sod
kramp	n	de · mv. krampen	cramp
truc	n	de · mv. trucs	trick
smak	n	de · mv. smakken	crash, blow, smack
sier	n	de	decoration; reception, welcome
souper	n	de · mv. soupers	a dinner, the main meal taken in the evening
campagne	n	de · mv. campagnes	campaign; campaign, offensive
ruis	n	de	noise, rushing sound; sound or signal generated by random fluctuations; static
tolk	n	de · mv. tolken	an interpreter, one who translates/interprets speech in another language and…; any content interpreter, who explains; a spokesperson
Bethlehem	m		Bethlehem (a city in the West Bank, Palestine); a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
processor	n	de · mv. processors	a microprocessor
hoofs	a		courtly, particularly in a medieval context
remover	n	de · mv. removers	remover (that which removes); (particularly) nail polish remover
mam	n	de · mv. mammen	mother (mum)
Achab	m		Ahab (historical king of Israel in Samaria, Biblical figure)
Edom	m		Edom (land and region in the southern Levant and northern Arabia); Edom, Esau
bevel	n	het · mv. bevelen	order, command
paruresis	n	de	the inability to urinate in the presence of others: paruresis
doppio	n	de · mv. doppio's	doppio (double shot of espresso)
nikkel	n	het	nickel; nickel (the coin)
sweatshirt	n	het · mv. sweatshirts	sweatshirt
Spencer	m		a male given name from English
bons	n	de · mv. bonzen	thump, knock, bang
combi	n	de · mv. combi's	combination, combi; minivan, kombi
Miranda	m		Miranda
uren	d		for hours, for a long time
huizen	v	huisde – gehuisd	to live (have permanent residence)
Sven	m		a male given name from Swedish
Tarzan	m		Tarzan
oord	n	het · mv. oorden	place
penning	n	de · mv. penningen	a medal or commemoration coin; money, cash; pin, pinning
woestijn	n	de · mv. woestijnen	desert (environmental area with very little precipitation)
spiritualist	n	de · mv. spiritualisten	Spiritualist (dissident Christian stressing communion with the Holy Spirit…
Hebreeuws	m		Hebrew (Semitic language, official language of Israel)
Hebreeuws	a		Hebrew
stoom	n	de	steam
stappen	v	stapte – gestapt	to march; to step; to go out on the town
stille	n	de · mv. stillen	silent person, who rarely speaks; undercover agent (male only)
streng	a		strict, severe, rigorous, unbending, cruel
streng	n	de · mv. strengen	string, twined object, as most ropes or cords
sund	i		pity, a shame
reçu	n	het · mv. reçu's	receipt
colère	n	de · mv. colères	anger, rage
leguaan	n	de · mv. leguanen	an iguana; lizard of the family Iguanidae; historically also including…
silicium	n	het	silicon (chemical element with atomic number 14)
equipe	n	de · mv. equipes	sports team, especially in cycling and horse-racing
pompon	n	de · mv. pompons	pompon (bundle of yarn, string, ribbon, etc. tied in the middle and left…
wis	a		sure, certain
wis	n	de · mv. wissen	twig; bundle, bunch
duodecimo	n	het · mv. duodecimo's	a size of paper, so called because it is originally made by folding and…; a page of that size; hence, a whole book having pages of that size
wrang	a		astringent (mouthfeel), tart
belladonna	n	de · mv. belladonna's	synonym of wolfskers (“deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna)”)
astronomie	n	de · mv. astronomieën	astronomy, the natural science branch studying the physical universe beyond…
planeet	n	de · mv. planeten	a planet
racer	n	de · mv. racers	a racer, one who races
practicum	n	het · mv. practica	practicum (college course)
humeur	n	het · mv. humeuren	mood, mental state
charmant	a		charming, agreeable, nice
sightseeing	n	de/het	sightseeing
oester	n	de · mv. oesters	oyster (mollusc of the family Ostreidae)
blok	n	het · mv. blokken	a block (e.g. wood); a street block; a political bloc
blenden	v	blendde – geblend	to blind; to mix in a blender, to blend
Bucht	m		a neighbourhood of Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
carpaccio	n	de	carpaccio
dringen	v	drong – gedrongen	to press, push (into a tight space, a crowd etc); to insist; to force entry
pancetta	n	de · mv. pancetta's	pancetta
retour	d		back whence one came
retour	n	het · mv. retouren	return; return ticket for a train
champignon	n	de · mv. champignons	a champignon, a button mushroom, Agaricus bisporus
ewa	i		an informal greeting, similar to yo
fust	n	het · mv. fusten	cask (e.g. containing beer)
vaart	n	de · mv. vaarten	voyage (by boat), navigation; speed, momentum, rate; canal, waterway
valk	n	de · mv. valken	a falcon, bird of the family Falconidae, in particular of the genus Falco; a type of sailboat (see picture)
venster	n	het · mv. vensters	window
stracciatella	n	de	stracciatella (type of Italian egg-based soup); stracciatella (type of Italian ice cream with chocolate shavings)
augurk	n	de · mv. augurken	gherkin (small cucumber that is usually pickled)
edel	a		noble
etatisme	n	het	etatism
Kuil	m		a surname
treeplank	n	de · mv. treeplanken	running board (step under the car door)
Heiland	m		Savior (North America), Saviour (Commonwealth)
heulen	v	heulde – geheuld	to conspire
kabeljauw	n	de · mv. kabeljauwen	A cod, fish of the family Gadidae; Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua)
Kiel	m		Carina; a former village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
klemmen	v	klemde – geklemd	to clamp, to squeeze; to jam, to not move smoothly
erkennen	v	erkende – erkend	to acknowledge, to recognize
kooi	n	de · mv. kooien	cage; bunk
kurk	n	het · mv. kurken	cork (material); cork (stop of a bottle)
Korn	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
haakbus	n	de · mv. haakbussen	harquebus, arquebus
Laken	m		a Belgian municipality, near Brussels, site of the largest royal palace estate
Weite	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
gouvernement	n	het · mv. gouvernementen	colonial government, part of the governance apparatus of a country that…; provincial or local government; seat of provincial government
lernen	v	lernde – gelernd	to study the Torah, Talmud or other Jewish religious writings
Linde	m		a village in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands; a hamlet in Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
matroos	n	de · mv. matrozen	sailor, seaman
ober	n	de · mv. obers	waiter
Dante	m		a neighborhood of Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands, Europe; a male given name from Italian, equivalent to English Dante
stoker	n	de · mv. stokers	stoker, one who stokes fuel; agitator, one who sows division or discord
labo	n	het · mv. labo's	lab
kwakzalver	n	de · mv. kwakzalvers	a quacksalver, fake healer; a swindler, cheater, fraud, hustler
schenken	v	schonk – geschonken	to give as a present, to gift; to pour from a vessel
scheu	a		queer
Scheide	m		a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Schenkel	m		a neighbourhood of Capelle aan den IJssel, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
sperren	v	sperde – gesperd	to bar, inhibit
stiften	v	stiftte – gestift	to draw or apply colour using a stift; to chip (in football)
stro	n	het	straw
Mieke	m		a female given name, pet form of Maria
reiger	n	de · mv. reigers	heron, waterbird of the family Ardeidae
watten	n		cotton wool
wafel	n	de · mv. wafels	waffle; wafer
werf	n	de · mv. werven	wharf, quay; field of interest and action, chapter on a to do list; time, occasion, instance
graal	n	de	grail (artifact in Arthurian legend); grail (something that is highly sought-after)
anomalie	n	de · mv. anomalieën	anomaly
schouw	n	de · mv. schouwen	fireplace; mantelpiece; pole-driven boat
tuigen	v	tuigde – getuigd	to rig (a sailing ship); to harness, to put a harness on; to declare officially, to testify
steken	v	stak – gestoken	to prick, sting; to sting, hurt; to stab, thrust (with a sharp instrument such as a dagger)
interviewer	n	de · mv. interviewers	a male interviewer
René	m		a male given name from French
Sulawesi	m		Sulawesi (an island of Indonesia, the world's eleventh-largest island)
vrijen	v	vree – gevreeën	to make love, to have sex; to make out, to cuddle, to hug and kiss; to have a relationship, to be a couple, to go out with someone
rund	n	het · mv. runderen	any bovine animal; idiot, stupid person
salade	n	de · mv. salades	salad (a food made primarily of a mixture of raw ingredients, typically…; a sallet, a salade (certain type of round helmet)
verneuken	v	verneukte – verneukt	to deceive; to fuck up, to screw
Juno	m		Juno
sparing	n	de · mv. sparingen	wall opening for cables and pipes
nakomeling	n	de · mv. nakomelingen	descendant, offspring
Nisse	m		a village and former municipality of Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Petersburg	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
nectarine	n	de · mv. nectarines	nectarine
hinten	v	hintte – gehint	to hint
innen	v	inde – geïnd	to cash (exchange (a check/cheque) for money); to collect (e.g., taxes)
wellen	v	welde – geweld	to soak, to soften by putting into water
spuwen	v	spuwde – gespuwd	to spit
catwalk	n	de · mv. catwalks	catwalk (narrow elevated stage on which models parade)
papaver	n	de · mv. papavers	papaver, poppy (plant of the genus Papaver); several kinds of narcotic drugs made from the poppy
dicht	a		closed, shut; thick, tight, dense
dicht	d		close, closely; closed; tightly, densely
dicht	n	het · mv. dichten	poem
bede	n	de · mv. beden	plea
beugen	v	beugde – gebeugd	to fish with a longline
borgen	v	borgde – geborgd	to secure, to keep safe; to guarantee; to ensure the sustainability of a particular policy or procedure
dwang	n	de	coercion, compulsion
stylist	n	de · mv. stylisten	stylist
dichten	v	dichtte – gedicht	to close; to stop up; to compose a poem
julienne	d		in thin strips, in the manner of julienne
julienne	n	de	the cutting technique of cutting food into thin strips; julienne, French cut (food that has been cut in julienne)
Bert	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Bert
dagdromer	n	de · mv. dagdromers	daydreamer
nijverheid	n	de · mv. nijverheden	industry
noodzaak	n	de · mv. noodzaken	necessity, need
indringer	n	de · mv. indringers	intruder, invader, transgressor
tij	n	het · mv. tijen	tide
termijn	n	de · mv. termijnen	term, period; deadline
opgave	n	de · mv. opgaven	the act of stating, declaring, indicating (e.g. data in a form); task, assignment
opgave	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opgeven
jaloezie	n	de · mv. jaloezieën	envy, jealousy; window blind
immuniteit	n	de · mv. immuniteiten	immunity
schaak	n	het	chess; check
schaak	i		check; said when one can strike the opponent's king in chess, but the…
bestraling	n	de · mv. bestralingen	irradiation; radiotherapy
dualiteit	n	de · mv. dualiteiten	duality
fatsoen	n	het · mv. fatsoenen	decency, propriety
bekwaamheid	n	de · mv. bekwaamheden	competence, capability, skill, adeptness; legal capacity
bekommernis	n	de · mv. bekommernissen	solicitude, distress
goudsmid	n	de · mv. goudsmeden	goldsmith
zilversmid	n	de · mv. zilversmeden	silversmith
edelmoedigheid	n	de · mv. edelmoedigheden	magnanimity
heiligschennis	n	de · mv. heiligschennissen	sacrilege, desecration
kracht	n	de · mv. krachten	power, force, strength; force
lokaas	n	het · mv. lokazen	bait; lure, especially in angling
ingenieur	n	de · mv. ingenieurs	engineer
initiaal	n	de · mv. initialen	initial, a first letter of a name; drop cap, initial, a large, usually ornate first letter in a manuscript or…
initiaal	a		initial
leesbaarheid	n	de	legibility; readability
onbezonnenheid	n	de · mv. onbezonnenheden	rashness, impetuosity
onbeweeglijkheid	n	de	immovability; immobility
speleoloog	n	de · mv. speleologen	speleologist
immigratie	n	de · mv. immigraties	immigration
druivensap	n	het · mv. druivensappen	grape juice
druif	n	de · mv. druiven	grape
vijg	n	de · mv. vijgen	a fig tree; any plant of genus Ficus; Ficus carica or fig tree, which yields the edible fruit commonly known as fig
bloemkool	n	de · mv. bloemkolen	cauliflower; large breast, melon, bazonga (often modified with adjectives or phrases…
bloesem	n	de · mv. bloesems	blossom, bloom
pruim	n	de · mv. pruimen	a plum tree, one of certain trees of the genus Prunus, especially Prunus…; a plum (fruit from a plum tree); a quid (piece of chewing tobacco)
bloedhond	n	de · mv. bloedhonden	bloodhound; someone skilled in finding people; skilled or persistent tracker or stalker
bloemlezing	n	de · mv. bloemlezingen	anthology
uil	n	de · mv. uilen	owl, bird of the order Strigiformes; noctuoid, owl moth, owlet; idiot
arend	n	de · mv. arenden	eagle, large bird of prey of the family Accipitridae
merel	n	de · mv. merels	blackbird (Turdus merula)
mees	n	de · mv. mezen	tit, bird of the family Paridae
meester	n	de · mv. meesters	a master, boss, superior; a schoolteacher, notably in primary education; a manager, person put in charge of something
ooievaar	n	de · mv. ooievaars	A stork, bird of the family Ciconiidae; white stork (Ciconia ciconia)
wesp	n	de · mv. wespen	wasp (various insects of the order Hymenoptera, especially of the…
vrachtwagen	n	de · mv. vrachtwagens	truck, lorry
geloofwaardigheid	n	de · mv. geloofwaardigheden	credibility
gelijkwaardigheid	n	de · mv. gelijkwaardigheden	equality, equivalence
gelijkmoedigheid	n	de	equanimity
gelijkmatigheid	n	de · mv. gelijkmatigheden	evenness, constancy, steadiness
gebrekkigheid	n	de · mv. gebrekkigheden	defectiveness; infirmity
droogte	n	de · mv. droogten	drought
weerbarstigheid	n	de · mv. weerbarstigheden	stubbornness, headstrongness
wedergeboorte	n	de · mv. wedergeboorten	rebirth, revival; reincarnation, transmigration
wedstrijd	n	de · mv. wedstrijden	race, competition; game, match
waarheid	n	de · mv. waarheden	truth
waardigheid	n	de · mv. waardigheden	dignity, honour
taalkunde	n	de	linguistics
samentrekking	n	de · mv. samentrekkingen	contraction
lichamelijkheid	n	de	corporality
kapel	n	de · mv. kapellen	chapel, small Christian place of worship; shrine, small non-Christian temple or sanctuary; orchestra
kerk	n	de · mv. kerken	church, house of Christian worship; church, confessional religious organization; church, temple, non-Christian house of worship
kathedraal	n	de · mv. kathedralen	cathedral
kathedraal	a		cathedral
klooster	n	het · mv. kloosters	cloister, monastery
druiper	n	de · mv. druipers	one who drips; a falling drop of liquid or its dried-up result; the clap, gonorrhoea
kardinaal	n	de · mv. kardinalen	cardinal (high-ranking official in the Catholic Church, Prince of the Church); cardinal (Cardinalid bird)
kardinaal	a		cardinal
paus	n	de · mv. pausen	pope
kapitaal	n	de/het · mv. kapitalen	fortune n; capital (money) n; capital (letter) c
luidspreker	n	de · mv. luidsprekers	speaker, loudspeaker
lasterpraat	n	de	slander
pompelmoes	n	de · mv. pompelmoezen	pomelo (fruit of the tree Citrus maxima)
landeigenaar	n	de · mv. landeigenaren	landowner
laan	n	de · mv. lanen	lane, avenue
oneindigheid	n	de · mv. oneindigheden	infinity
eeuwigheid	n	de · mv. eeuwigheden	eternity
ongedierte	n	het	vermin, pests, harmful or undesirable animals; undesirable people
ongehoorzaamheid	n	de · mv. ongehoorzaamheden	disobedience
vervanging	n	de	substitution, replacement; as a substitute for
kanker	n	de · mv. kankers	cancer; cancer, something harmful that festers and spreads elsewhere
kanker	a		fucking
kanker	d		fucking
kanker	i		An expression of anger, annoyance, etc. damn, fuck
zonneschijn	n	de	sunshine
smeltwater	n	het	meltwater
niemandsland	n	het · mv. niemandslanden	no man's land
gemeenschap	n	de · mv. gemeenschappen	community; commonality; intercourse, sexual intercourse
neveneffect	n	het · mv. neveneffecten	side effect, by-product
Meike	m		a female given name
catechist	n	de · mv. catechisten	catechist
rus	n	de · mv. russen	a sod, turf of soil, grass, reed or other vegetation; rush (Juncus, Luzula); sea thrift (Armeria maritima)
ket	n	de · mv. ketten	a kid; a young guy
dolen	v	doolde – gedoold	to wander, to roam
Jacqueline	m		a female given name
Herman	m		a male given name
graver	n	de · mv. gravers	a digger, someone who digs
tombe	n	de · mv. tombes	tomb
aad	n	de · mv. aden	shallow oval tub or tray used for acquiring cream from milk; a type of churn
Daphne	m		a female given name
projector	n	de · mv. projectoren	a projector (projection device)
beton	n	het	concrete
gering	a		little; insignificant, trivial
cabochon	n	de · mv. cabochons	cabochon
Homberg	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighborhood of Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
bougie	n	de · mv. bougies	spark plug; bougie (medical device); candle
hinken	v	hinkte – gehinkt	to limp, to hobble (walk with difficulty due to injury)
hoppa	i		Exclamation of encouragement or excitement, often said during the…
overeten	v	overat – overeten	to overeat
flagellum	n	de · mv. flagella	flagellum
antisepsis	n	de	antisepsis
nak	n	de · mv. nakken	a bump or small line of an insufflated drug
nok	n	de · mv. nokken	ridge of a roof; cam
ponzu	n	de	ponzu
seinen	v	seinde – geseind	to signal
basalt	n	het	basalt (type of igneous rock)
immens	a		immense, enormous, huge
onoverbrugbaar	a		unbridgable / unbridgeable
tegen	p		against; to, towards; to, versus (in scores/results)
aks	n	de · mv. aksen	an axe, usually denoting a heavy axe
naast	p		beside, next to; in addition to
tijdens	p		during
sinds	c		since
sinds	p		since
wegens	p		because of, for
langs	p		along, alongside (implying motion); past; through
langs	d		past
dankzij	p		thanks to
tegenover	p		opposite; against, versus
volgens	p		according to
Kenia	m		Kenya (a country in East Africa)
faveur	n	de · mv. faveuren	favor
Sara	m		Sarah; a female given name from Hebrew
golfbreker	n	de · mv. golfbrekers	breakwater
kletsnat	a		very wet; soaked
wachtwoord	n	het · mv. wachtwoorden	password
uitzaaiing	n	de · mv. uitzaaiingen	metastasis
fauteuil	n	de · mv. fauteuils	armchair
retraite	n	de · mv. retraites	retreat
parterre	n	de/het · mv. parterres	ground floor; parterre, flowerbed; parterre, level garden with flowerbeds
paternoster	n	de/het · mv. paternosters	a rosary, a paternoster; a paternoster elevator
patroon	n	de · mv. patroons	patron saint; patron, protector, Maecenas; boss, employer
bomen	v	boomde – geboomd	to close/shut with a beam; to pole (push a craft forward with a pole); to land on a tree (of a pheasant)
tristesse	n	de · mv. tristesses	tristesse
Johanna	m		a female given name from Latin, masculine equivalent Johannes, equivalent to…; Joanna
radiometer	n	de · mv. radiometers	radiometer
ratatouille	n	de · mv. ratatouilles	ratatouille: a traditional French Provençal stewed vegetable dish consisting…
terrarium	n	het · mv. terraria	terrarium
melden	v	meldde – gemeld	to report, to communicate; let know
melken	v	molk – gemolken	to milk a (farm) animal; to play meekly, without risk, notably in duel ball sports like tennis
merken	v	merkte – gemerkt	to mark; to notice
tabascosaus	n	de · mv. tabascosauzen	tabasco sauce
kati	n	de · mv. kati's	a leaden box fitting such weight, notably to ship tea
schonen	v		to clean
schmutzig	a		grubby, dirty
Rotterdam	m		Rotterdam (a city and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands)
olm	n	de · mv. olmen	elm (tree of the genus Ulmus); olm (Proteus anguinus)
krater	n	de · mv. kraters	meteoric crater; volcanic crater; crater caused by an explosion
jerrycan	n	de · mv. jerrycans	a jerrycan or similar container, used for fuel or other liquids (especially…
spannen	v	spande – gespannen	to strain, to put tension on; to stretch
spinnen	v	spon – gesponnen	to spin: make yarn by twisting and winding fibres together; to purr; to tell stories, fib, lie
stinken	v	stonk – gestonken	to stink
treffen	v	trof – getroffen	to hit, strike; to find (by chance), hit upon, to encounter; to be opportune
treffen	n	het · mv. treffens	encounter; meeting
wecken	v	weckte – geweckt	to home-can (to conserve home-made products by heating and storing them in…
winden	v	wond – gewonden	to wind (turn coils of something around)
rechtdoor	d		straight, straight ahead
netjes	a		tidy, neat; decent, proper
netjes	i		nice! neat!
leerling	n	de · mv. leerlingen	a learner, someone who learns; someone formally enrolled for some education: a pupil, student, apprentice,…
stempel	n	de/het · mv. stempels	stamp, die, seal (of wax); stamp, postmark (of ink); any kind of mark or sign of influence
nodig	a		necessary, needed; inevitable
nodig	d		necessarily, badly, urgently
iets	r		something; anything
iets	d		a little, somewhat
orde	n	de · mv. ordes	state of being ordered, arranged, in line with rules; group, society; taxonomic order
leuk	a		nice, pleasant, enjoyable; attractive
studie	n	de · mv. studies	the activity of studying (mental effort to learn or acquire knowledge); a study (tertiary education, usually at an academic level); a study, (piece of) research
terug	d		backwards, back (in the opposite direction); back, to a previous place or condition; back, in return
opleiding	n	de · mv. opleidingen	education, training, instruction
steun	n	de · mv. steunen	support; backup; dole, unemployment benefit
meubel	n	het · mv. meubels	piece of furniture; person who has been around in an organization for a very long time
iemand	r		someone; anyone
ieder	t		each; any
ieder	r		everybody, everyone
iedereen	r		everyone
jouw	t		your; second-person singular possessive determiner
jouw	i		Expression of scorn
jouw	n	de	a jeer
mevrouw	n	de · mv. mevrouwen	madam, miss
kleren	n		clothes
beignet	n	de · mv. beignets	beignet
glimlachen	v	glimlachte – geglimlacht	to smile
rouw	n	de	mourning; sorrow, grief
piloot	n	de · mv. piloten	pilot
Gondel	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Alvíssmál	m		the Alvíssmál
Hávamál	m		Hávamál
harmonium	n	het · mv. harmoniums	harmonium (musical instrument)
norovirus	n	het · mv. norovirussen	norovirus, virus of the genus Norovirus
neer	d		down, downwards
soms	d		sometimes; maybe, perhaps
soort	n	het · mv. soorten	sort, kind; species
startup	n	de · mv. startups	startup (new company or organization or business venture)
maquillage	n	de · mv. maquillages	makeup
bandeau	n	de · mv. bandeaus	bandeau (band for the hair); bandeau (narrow, tight bra, especially when strapless; hence, any women's…
kohl	n	de	kohl
vuvuzela	n	de · mv. vuvuzela's	vuvuzela
vertalen	v	vertaalde – vertaald	to translate
acidose	n	de	acidosis (an abnormally increased acidity of the blood)
hedendaags	a		current, contemporary, modern
poutine	n	de · mv. poutines	poutine
beiden	v	beidde – gebeid	to await, to bide; to wait
Judea	m		Judaea (central-southern region of Roman Palestine)
Völuspá	m		the Völuspá
grammatica	n	de · mv. grammatica's	grammar (rules for speaking and writing a language); grammatical manual
Krim	m		Crimea (a geographic region and peninsula in Eastern Europe, jutting out…
kade	n	de · mv. kades	quay, wharf
astma	n	het	the chronic respiratory disease asthma
wak	n	het · mv. wakken	a hole in ice (on the surface of a body of water)
equipage	n	de · mv. equipages	the crew, equipment and stock of a ship; a carriage with draught animals and tack
Hanna	m		Hannah (Biblical character); a female given name
maté	n	de	mate, yerba mate (Ilex paraguariensis); mate (tea-like beverage made with yerba mate)
thinner	n	de	paint thinner
lila	n	het · mv. lila's	lilac (color); a small, even shoulder-portable type of (colonial?) field gun, notably used…
lila	a		lilac
remonstrant	n	de · mv. remonstranten	Remonstrant (Arminian)
trom	n	de · mv. trommen	drum
bron	n	de · mv. bronnen	source; spring (in fountain); well (the place to get water)
verte	n	de · mv. verten	distance (typically not as a physical quantity)
excursie	n	de · mv. excursies	excursion, tour
appartement	n	het · mv. appartementen	an apartment
zijnen	t		dative neuter/plural of zijn
bouteille	n	de · mv. bouteilles	bottle
toren	n	de · mv. torens	a tower; a rook; the fin or sail of a submarine
mangel	n	het · mv. mangels	lack, deficiency; a mangle; a hand-operated device with rollers, for wringing laundry
samosa	n	de · mv. samosa's	samosa
Waterloo	m		a village in Walloon Brabant, Belgium; the site of a major military battle…; a hamlet in Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
assemblage	n	de · mv. assemblages	assembly (act or process of assembling, putting together)
spanning	n	de · mv. spanningen	tension, suspense; voltage
rover	n	de · mv. rovers	robber
curare	n	het	curare
doper	n	de · mv. dopers	baptiser, one who baptises
Philippine	m		a city and former municipality of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Elisabeth	m		Elizabeth, mother of John the Baptist; a female given name
panne	n	de · mv. pannes	breakdown, technical failure, particularly of a vehicle
sawa	n	de · mv. sawa's	rice paddy
neef	n	de · mv. neven	male cousin; nephew
zwager	n	de · mv. zwagers	brother-in-law (brother of one's spouse or husband of one's sibling)
schoonbroer	n	de · mv. schoonbroers	brother-in-law
nooit	d		never
stoffig	a		dusty
buks	n	de · mv. buksen	shotgun; box (tree)
frappant	a		striking; noticeable; remarkable
ruft	n	de · mv. ruften	fart
camion	n	de · mv. camions	lorry; truck
paring	n	de · mv. paringen	pairing (in a tournament); copulation, mating
snaphaan	n	de · mv. snaphanen	silver coin from Guelders; early type of flintlock; any type of flintlock
Hakka	m		Hakka (language)
paling	n	de · mv. palingen	eel
vair	n	het	vair (fur used in heraldry)
beuger	n	de · mv. beugers	a longline fisherman
ippon	n	mv. ippons	ippon (full point)
kaka	n	de · mv. kaka's	kaka (Nestor meridionalis)
veropenbaren	v	veropenbaarde – veropenbaard	disclose
Kabel	m		a hamlet in Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands
Maastricht	m		Maastricht (a city, municipality, and capital of Limburg, Netherlands)
rotting	n	de · mv. rottingen	The process of rotting; A rattan walking stick
plots	d		suddenly
reeks	n	de · mv. reeksen	a series, a sequence; a series of print publications
Australië	m		Australia (a country consisting of a main island, the island of Tasmania and…; Australia (a continent consisting of the land on the Australian tectonic…
paperclip	n	de · mv. paperclips	a paper clip
complot	n	het · mv. complotten	conspiracy
pens	n	de · mv. pensen	paunch, rumen; tripe; tripe filled with minced meat
parfum	n	het · mv. parfums	a perfume, a luxury product providing a fragrant scent; a perfume, a pleasant scent
pistolet	n	de · mv. pistolets	a bread bun shaped like a short baguette
cavia	n	de · mv. cavia's	guinea pig (Cavia porcellus)
kaal	a		featureless, bare, smooth, bland, plain; bald, bare, without fur, plumage, foliage etc; bald (having little or no hair on the head)
heptyl	n	het	heptyl
moskee	n	de · mv. moskeeën	mosque
Celebes	m		Celebes, Sulawesi
suikerspin	n	de · mv. suikerspinnen	candy floss/cotton candy/fairy floss
snoep	n	de/het	sweets, candy
pepermunt	n	de · mv. pepermunten	a peppermint plant (Mentha × piperita); a mint, a peppermint (sweet)
pijnboompit	n	de · mv. pijnboompitten	pine nut (edible seed of a pine)
fraude	n	de · mv. fraudes	fraud
Aad	m		a diminutive of the male given name Adriaan; a diminutive of the female given name Adriana
Aäron	m		Aaron (Biblical figure); a male given name from Hebrew, equivalent to English Aaron
Aat	m		a diminutive of the male given name Adriaan
deïsme	n	het	deism
pandeïsme	n	het	pandeism
pantheïsme	n	het	pantheism
Adriaan	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Adrian
Achmed	m		a male given name from Arabic, equivalent to English Ahmed
Abdel	m		a male given name from Arabic, equivalent to English Abdul
Abdoel	m		a male given name from Arabic, equivalent to English Abdul
Abdoella	m		a male given name from Arabic, equivalent to English Abdullah
veganist	n	de · mv. veganisten	a vegan
Dijon	m		Dijon (the capital city of Côte-d'Or department, France)
Aart	m		a diminutive of the male given name Arnoud
Aard	m		a male given name, variant of Arnold
Aardse	m		a male given name, variant of Arnold
Acco	m		a male given name, variant of Age
Adrie	m		a male given name, derived from Adriaan; a female given name, derived from Adriënne
Adri	m		a male given name, derived from Adriaan
Achiel	m		a male given name, variant of Achilles
linde	n	de · mv. linden	linden, tree of the genus Tilia
els	n	de · mv. elzen	alder (tree of the genus Alnus); awl; bodkin
beuk	n	de · mv. beuken	a beech, tree of the genus Fagus; common beech (Fagus sylvatica); a ram or heavy knock
ceder	n	de · mv. ceders	cedar, tree of the genus Cedrus
wilg	n	de · mv. wilgen	willow (tree of the genus Salix)
populier	n	de · mv. populieren	a poplar, tree of the genus Populus
lariks	n	de · mv. lariksen	larch (Larix)
lork	n	de · mv. lorken	larch (Larix)
iep	n	de · mv. iepen	an elm, tree of the genus Ulmus
treurwilg	n	de · mv. treurwilgen	weeping willow (Salix babylonica)
cipres	n	de · mv. cipressen	cypress
abeel	n	de · mv. abelen	abele; term used of certain poplars, mainly the white poplar (Populus alba),…
hazelaar	n	de · mv. hazelaars	hazel (Corylus avellana)
enthousiasme	n	het	enthusiasm, feeling of excitement
lustig	a		eager, with pleasure and readiness; lively, eager, vivacious; lustful, lewd
lustig	d		eagerly, readily
odalisk	n	de · mv. odalisken	an odalisque
individu	n	het · mv. individuen	individual (person considered alone)
kille	n	de · mv. killes	organized Jewish community
zogen	v	zoogde – gezoogd	to breastfeed, to suckle
timide	a		timid
levenslang	a		lifelong
verboden	a		forbidden, prohibited
lendenwervel	n	de · mv. lendenwervels	lumbar vertebra, any of the five vertebrae in the loin or lower back region…
ribbenboog	n	de · mv. ribbenbogen	costal arch, the medial ends of the seventh to tenth costal cartilages that…
diagnosticeren	v	diagnosticeerde – gediagnosticeerd	to diagnose, to determine the root cause of a problem
innovatie	n	de · mv. innovaties	innovation
kits	n	de · mv. kitsen	ketch (small two-masted vessel)
kits	a		in order, okay
leb	n	de · mv. lebben	abomasum; rennet
spiritus	n	de · mv. spiritussen	methylated spirit; a kind of diacritic used on Ancient Greek vowels to indicate aspiration or…
exocarp	n	het	exocarp
Aalbert	m		a male given name, variant of Albert
Aalbrecht	m		a male given name, variant of Albert; a surname
Aalderik	m		a male given name
Aaldrik	m		a male given name
Aalrik	m		a male given name
Adelbert	m		a male given name of rare usage, variant of Albert, equivalent to English…
stadion	n	het · mv. stadions	stadium, arena
sedum	n	de/het · mv. sedums	synonym of vetkruid (“stonecrop, succulent plant of genus Sedum”)
Adelwijn	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Alwin; a female given name
Adelwin	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Alwin
Alfons	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Alfonso
Alonso	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Alfonso
Alonzo	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Alfonso
Adelmar	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Aylmer
Adalmar	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Aylmer
Almar	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Aylmer
Aldemar	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Aylmer
Albano	m		a neighbourhood of Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands
Aaldert	m		a male given name
pees	n	de · mv. pezen	a sinew; a bowstring
Epicurus	m		Epicurus (ancient Greek philosopher)
lavas	n	de · mv. lavassen	lovage
snoek	n	de · mv. snoeken	pike (any fish of the genus Esox); pike, Northern pike, Esox lucius
hibiscus	n	de · mv. hibiscussen	hibiscus, flowering plant of the genus Hibiscus
stylo	n	de · mv. stylo's	ballpoint pen, biro
endocarp	n	het	endocarp
endotherm	a		endothermic
vang	n	de · mv. vangen	the brake wheel of a windmill, a brake
gier	n	de · mv. gieren	vulture; monster, notably hellspawn; human vulture, rapacious or predatory person
tiet	n	de · mv. tieten	tit, breast
bidder	n	de · mv. bidders	someone who prays
receptionist	n	de · mv. receptionisten	a receptionist
folie	n	de/het · mv. folies	foil (sheet of material)
cyclamen	n	het · mv. cyclamens	synonym of cyclaam
ronde	n	de · mv. ronden	round, iteration; tour, stage race; lap, tour
BEF	n		Belgische frank, the Belgian franc, Belgium's national currency before the…
citer	n	de · mv. citers	zither (musical instrument)
Breda	m		Breda (a city and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands)
duidelijk	a		clear, precise; obvious, clear
duidelijk	d		clearly
Moors	m		a surname
poema	n	de · mv. poema's	puma
annuleren	v	annuleerde – geannuleerd	to cancel; to annul
brein	n	het · mv. breinen	brain; mastermind
airplay	n	de	airplay
snipper	n	de · mv. snippers	a shred, a snippet
mahjong	n	het	mahjong
mahjong	i		mahjong, a call declaring a winning hand in the game of mahjong
non-profit	a		nonprofit
Haïti	m		Haiti (a country in the Caribbean)
alarmist	n	de · mv. alarmisten	alarmist
treksprinkhaan	n	de · mv. treksprinkhanen	locust
Sandra	m		a female given name
actinometer	n	de · mv. actinometers	actinometer
pseudocode	n	de	pseudocode
dvd	n	de · mv. dvd's	DVD
moonwalk	n	de · mv. moonwalken	moonwalk
collega	n	de · mv. collega's	colleague
sprong	n	de · mv. sprongen	jump, leap
sores	n		tsuris; misery, worry
wattmeter	n	de · mv. wattmeters	wattmeter
atalanta	n	de · mv. atalanta's	red admiral (Vanessa atalanta)
animator	n	de · mv. animatoren	animator; animateur
ofte	c		or
entourage	n	de · mv. entourages	entourage (retinue of associates or attendants); decoration surrounding something
recycling	n	de · mv. recyclings	recycling
laf	a		cowardly
Lansing	m		a surname from English
toch	d		still, nevertheless, anyway; after all, despite what was expected; yes, surely
tafereel	n	het · mv. taferelen	scene, picture
atol	n	de/het · mv. atollen	atoll
Jericho	m		Jericho (a city in the West Bank, Palestine)
Juda	m		Judah (son of Jacob); Judah, Judea (a traditional region and ancient kingdom (c. 930 — 586 BCE) in…; Judah (Israelite tribe)
nep	n	de	imitation, fake
nep	a		fake, not real; artificial, not natural
neuken	v	neukte – geneukt	to fuck, to screw; to fuck, to disrespect; used to express one's displeasure or disrespect for…
harpist	n	de · mv. harpisten	harpist
Jasper	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Caspar
dozijn	n	het · mv. dozijnen	dozen, twelve
ambulant	a		ambulant
Margreet	m		a female given name, equivalent to English Margaret
duizend	u		thousand
duizend	n	het · mv. duizenden	a thousand
koren	n	het	grain; corn (any cereal)
koren	v	koorde – gekoord	to be sick, to have a tendency to vomit; to vomit
molenaar	n	de · mv. molenaars	miller
kou	n	de	cold (low temperature); cold (illness)
ernstig	a		serious
beloven	v	beloofde – beloofd	to promise
geloven	v	geloofde – geloofd	to believe, to hold a belief; to believe, to be convinced by; synonym of loven (“to praise”)
emitter	n	de · mv. emitters	emitter (terminal of a transistor)
salto	n	de · mv. salto's	somersault, flip (jump where one makes a 360° rotation)
stam	n	de · mv. stammen	trunk of a tree; stem; tribe, clan
Willis	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
ent	n	de · mv. enten	graft (particularly on a tree)
minima	n		the poorest citizens
bipolar	n	de	bipolar disorder
hé	i		hey
weet	n	de · mv. weten	awareness, knowledge; knowledge; science
teddybeer	n	de · mv. teddyberen	a teddy bear
Kandahar	m		Kandahar (a city, the capital of the province of Kandahar in southern…; Kandahar (a province in southern Afghanistan)
kart	n	de · mv. karts	kart, cart, go-kart, go-cart (small vehicle used for racing)
kuchen	v	kuchte – gekucht	to give out a dry and brief cough
Atte	m		a male given name from West Frisian
Pim	m		a diminutive of the male given name Willem
Timo	m		a diminutive of the male given name Timotheüs
geocache	n	de · mv. geocaches	geocache
geocaching	n	het	geocaching
Pien	m		a diminutive of the female given name Josephine
webcam	n	de · mv. webcams	webcam
doping	n	de	doping
vieren	v	vierde – gevierd	to celebrate; to let loose, to let go
theïsme	n	het	theism
alinea	n	de · mv. alinea's	paragraph
corso	n	het · mv. corso's	parade
hospiteeravond	n	de · mv. hospiteeravonden	housewarming (party to invite friends to a new house or apartment)
bolder	n	de · mv. bolders	a maritime bollard
leder	n	het	leather
elven	u		after met z'n: involving eleven people; after prepositions like na, om, voor: eleven o'clock
bronzen	a		bronze, bronzen
bronzen	v	bronsde – gebronsd	to bronze
Alpen	m		the Alps (a mountain range in Western Europe)
atrofie	n	de · mv. atrofieën	atrophy (diminishing functionality)
bajes	n	de · mv. bajesen	slammer, jail, prison
balen	v	baalde – gebaald	to be annoyed, frustrated or fed up
balen	i		too bad, that sucks
basen	v	basede – gebased	to inhale or insufflate (heated cocaine)
baten	v	baatte – gebaat	to avail
bombeen	n	de · mv. bombenen	a seriously swollen leg
bordes	n	het · mv. bordessen	a raised platform, often with a flight of steps, that lead into a building; an intermediate platform between flights of stairs, which normally involves…; a balcony (open or roofed), porch or lean-to
boten	v	bootte – geboot	to hit; to knock the seeds out of a flax plant
cachen	v	cachete – gecachet	to cache (store data in a cache); to cache, geocache
Subaru	m		a Japanese automotive manufacturer; a male or female given name from Japanese
souteneur	n	de · mv. souteneurs	pimp, souteneur
namedropping	n	de/het	name-dropping
plotseling	d		suddenly
plotseling	a		sudden
cancelen	v	cancelde – gecanceld	to cancel
chape	n	de · mv. chapes	screed
chillen	v	childe – gechild	to chill, to relax
concedo	d		I concede, admittedly
concilie	n	het · mv. concilies	a church council in which bishops and eminent theologians are assembled to…
conserven	n		preserved food, canned food
daten	v	datete – gedatet	to date
eyeopener	n	de · mv. eyeopeners	eye-opener
duren	v	duurde – geduurd	to take, last (a certain time)
pips	a		sickly, whitish or pale
spits	a		pointed
spits	n	het · mv. spitsen	a pointed tip; a top, a peak, a pinnacle or an apex; a spire
pats	i		clap, crash
roos	n	de · mv. rozen	rose, ornamental plant of the genus Rosa; rose, used as a heraldic charge; bullseye, the center of a target, as used at shooting practice
enteren	v	enterde – geënterd	to board, to capture and invade a ship
remonstrants	a		Remonstrant, following or belonging to the Remonstrant denomination
filmen	v	filmde – gefilmd	to film, to capture on a video medium (originally film reels)
firman	n	de/het · mv. firmans	firman
vesting	n	de · mv. vestingen	fortification
generen	v	geneerde – gegeneerd	to feel embarrassed; to provide for oneself
harten	n	de · mv. hartens	hearts; a playing card of the hearts suit
uppercut	n	de · mv. uppercuts	uppercut
alstublieft	i		please; here you are (when handing something to someone else)
graag	d		willingly, gladly (meaning that the subject enjoys doing the action of the verb)
graag	i		please (when being offered something)
beurt	n	de · mv. beurten	turn (a chance to use (something) shared in sequence with others); maintenance, service; sex, intercourse
wil	n	de	will
hoor	i		modal particle indicating reassurance or confidence from the speaker:…; modal particle indicating disagreement or a certain nuance with an earlier…
hoor	n	de	only used in hoor en wederhoor
kraam	n	de/het · mv. kramen	stall; childbirth
briefje	n	het · mv. briefjes	note, bill (of money)
garnaal	n	de · mv. garnalen	shrimp, arthropod of the suborder Pleocyemata, especially of the infraorder…
haring	n	de · mv. haringen	Atlantic herring (Clupea harengus); a clupeid fish, any fish of the family Clupeidae; a tent peg
mossel	n	de · mv. mosselen	mussel, bivalve of the family Mytilidae; blue mussel, common mussel (Mytilus edulis)
werkwoord	n	het · mv. werkwoorden	verb; something which requires continuous effort; an ongoing process
boodschappen	n		shopping, groceries
winkelen	v	winkelde – gewinkeld	to shop, to go shopping (mainly for luxury goods, rather than groceries:…
pinnen	v	pinde – gepind	to pay by debit card; to withdraw money with such a card
kassa	n	de · mv. kassa's	cash desk, checkout; box office, booking office; cash register, till
kers	n	de · mv. kersen	a cherry tree, one of certain trees of the genus Prunus, especially the…; a cherry, a stone fruit of a cherry tree; cress: a term used of various plants, chiefly but not solely of the family…
tomaat	n	de · mv. tomaten	tomato, fruit of Solanum lycopersicum; tomato plant, Solanum lycopersicum
meloen	n	de · mv. meloenen	melon (plant or fruit of certain varieties of members of the Cucurbitaceae,…; melon (organ containing adipose tissue present in toothed whales); melon, (large) breast
citroen	n	de · mv. citroenen	a lemon (fruit); lemon tree (Citrus limon)
sla	n	de	lettuce; salad
sinaasappelsap	n	het	orange juice
knabbelen	v	knabbelde – geknabbeld	to nibble
anderhalf	u		one and a half
ongeveer	d		about, roughly, approximately
afwas	n	de	dishes (unwashed dishware)
afwas	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afwassen
afwassen	v	waste af – afgewassen	to wash off; to wash up, to do the dishes
invullen	v	vulde in – ingevuld	to fill in
rechtsaf	d		towards the right (while turning)
linksaf	d		towards the left (while turning)
stoplicht	n	het · mv. stoplichten	a traffic light; one of the lights on a traffic light or on another signalling device, in…
parkeergarage	n	de · mv. parkeergarages	parking garage; indoor car park (compare: parkeerterrein)
voorbij	d		past; just beyond; past (implying motion)
voorbij	p		past, beyond
voorbij	a		past, previous
precies	a		exact, precise; accurate, careful
precies	d		exactly, precisely
ergens	d		somewhere, anywhere; somehow, in some unspecified way
linkerkant	n	de · mv. linkerkanten	left-hand side
rechterkant	n	de · mv. rechterkanten	right-hand side
evacué	n	de · mv. evacués	evacuee
helemaal	d		completely; all the way, the whole way; especially, even more so
afslag	n	de · mv. afslagen	exit turn (on a freeway); Dutch auction (usually of fish) (reverse auction that starts at a high price…; land erosion caused by a body of water
politiebureau	n	het · mv. politiebureaus	police station
postkantoor	n	het · mv. postkantoren	post office
sleets	a		extremely worn and weathered; hoary
liever	d		rather, preferably
schoonmaken	v	maakte schoon – schoongemaakt	to clean
verven	v	verfde – geverfd	to paint
bestaan	v	bestond – bestaan	to exist, to be; to consist, to be made
bestaan	n	het	existence
skelet	n	het · mv. skeletten	skeleton (support structure of an organism; ensemble of animal bones); frame, skeleton (supporting frame of an inanimate or non-animal object or…
geraamte	n	het · mv. geraamtes	skeleton; frame
violist	n	de · mv. violisten	violinist
boekwinkel	n	de · mv. boekwinkels	bookshop, bookstore
boekhandel	n	de · mv. boekhandels	bookshop, bookstore
kledingzaak	n	de · mv. kledingzaken	clothes shop
warenhuis	n	het · mv. warenhuizen	a department store; a warehouse; a greenhouse in which crop rotation is practised
sportwinkel	n	de · mv. sportwinkels	sports shop
schoen	n	de · mv. schoenen	shoe (footwear)
overhemd	n	het · mv. overhemden	shirt
stropdas	n	de · mv. stropdassen	necktie
horloge	n	het · mv. horloges	watch (wearable timepiece)
oorbel	n	de · mv. oorbellen	earring (piece of pierced ear jewelry of any type)
schilderij	n	de/het · mv. schilderijen	painting
schilderen	v	schilderde – geschilderd	to paint
komisch	a		comic, comical
onen	v	oonde – geoond	to yean
cahier	n	de/het · mv. cahiers	notebook, writing pad; folder; magazine, proceeding, journal
waarschuwen	v	waarschuwde – gewaarschuwd	to warn, to let someone know, to notify about a threat or consequences
buschauffeur	n	de · mv. buschauffeurs	bus driver
strippenkaart	n	de · mv. strippenkaarten	ticket for local public transport (i.e. for buses, trams, and metro)
afstempelen	v	stempelde af – afgestempeld	to stamp, to mark or check off by stamping (e.g. on a strippenkaart)
treinkaart	n	de · mv. treinkaarten	train ticket
kaartje	n	het · mv. kaartjes	ticket, especially a train ticket
NS-station	n	het · mv. NS-stations	train station
geldig	a		valid
enkeltje	n	de · mv. enkeltjes	one-way ticket, single ticket
loket	n	het · mv. loketten	a ticket window; a counter, an office (at an institution)
volgend	a		following, next, subsequent
wisselgeld	n	het	change (money returned after not paying exactly; stock of money used for…; bargaining chip
juist	a		right, correct; just
juist	d		just, at that moment; exactly; conversely, on the other hand
krantenkiosk	n	de · mv. krantenkiosken	newspaper stall
fietsenstalling	n	de · mv. fietsenstallingen	a shed, rack, garage or other area where bicycles can be parked
telefooncel	n	de · mv. telefooncellen	telephone box, telephone booth
bushalte	n	de · mv. bushaltes	bus stop
restauratie	n	de · mv. restauraties	buffet at a railway station; the restoration of an object of artistic or historical significance
Aagje	m		a diminutive of the female given name Agatha
Aafje	m		a diminutive of the female given name Agatha
Aagtje	m		a diminutive of the female given name Agatha
Hester	m		a female given name
wisselkantoor	n	het · mv. wisselkantoren	bureau de change, currency exchange (exchange bureau)
tijdschrift	n	het · mv. tijdschriften	magazine (periodical of which print instalments appear); magazine (copy/issue of a periodical)
wisselen	v	wisselde – gewisseld	to swap, to exchange; to vary, to change (over time, by circumstances etc.)
ingang	n	de · mv. ingangen	entrance; input; entry, lemma (in a dictionary)
uitgang	n	de · mv. uitgangen	exit, outgang; output; ending, termination
Miep	m		a diminutive of the female given name Maria
Ienje	m		a female given name
herhaling	n	de · mv. herhalingen	repetition; repeat, rerun
herhalen	v	herhaalde – herhaald	to repeat
jongeling	n	de · mv. jongelingen	young man, lad
individualist	n	de · mv. individualisten	an individualist
inhaler	n	de · mv. inhalers	overtaker (a driver who overtakes another vehicle); inhaler
megawatt	n		megawatt
lactase	n	de · mv. lactases	lactase
paren	v	paarde – gepaard	to pair; to mate, to copulate
parodie	n	de · mv. parodieën	parody
laven	v	laafde – gelaafd	to quench one's thirst
pasen	v	paaste – gepaast	to give, to pass
pateen	n	de · mv. patenen	paten
loe	n	het	weak coffee (and, by extension, tea)
lockdown	n	de · mv. lockdowns	lockdown (emergency confinement)
Maud	m		a female given name
Jonas	m		Jonah; a male given name
planten	v	plantte – geplant	to plant, place a seed or plant in suitably fertile substrate in order that…; to plant an inanimated object in the soil or a hard surface, e.g. a banner; to plant an idea etc
premie	n	de · mv. premies	a prize, a reward; a premium, money paid for e.g. an insurance; a bounty, a reward for killing or capturing a suspect, convict or animal at…
amusant	a		entertaining, amusing
waterbed	n	het · mv. waterbedden	waterbed (mattress filled with water; bed with such a mattress)
ordenen	v	ordende – geordend	to bring into order, to tidy
rapen	v	raapte – geraapt	to gather, to pick up
raspen	v	raspte – geraspt	to grate
reclame	n	de · mv. reclames	publicity; advertisement or ads; the stock that is advertised at a discount
regentes	n	de · mv. regentessen	regentess (female ruling in somebody else's stead)
remedie	n	de · mv. remedies	remedy
rente	n	de · mv. rentes	interest, payment for credit
segment	n	het · mv. segmenten	a segment
ronden	v	rondde – gerond	to make round; to go around
roten	v	rootte – geroot	to ret (to soak in water to prepare for further processing)
talen	v	taalde – getaald	to long, to care
talles	n	de · mv. talleisem	a tallit
silbe	n	de · mv. silben	syllable
testen	v	testte – getest	to test, to try out
tiran	n	de · mv. tirannen	tyrant, despotic ruler; any oppressive, bossy or dictatorial person; a tyrant flycatcher, any bird of the family Tyrannidae
tomen	v	toomde – getoomd	to briddle; to rein in
tornen	v	tornde – getornd	to unpick; to loosen a stitch; to impinge on something
subsidie	n	de · mv. subsidies	a subsidy, a subvention
bezant	n	de · mv. bezanten	bezant (coin); bezant
trillen	v	trilde – getrild	to tremble, to twitch; to vibrate, to oscillate
trote	n	de · mv. trotes	doormat; not very assertive person who lets others take advantage of them
turnen	v	turnde – geturnd	to do gymnastics
valide	a		valid; healthy, strong, not handicapped
varen	v	voer – gevaren	to sail, to go by boat, to navigate; to ascend or descend; to fare
varen	n	de · mv. varens	fern (plant of the class Polypodiopsida)
velen	v	veelde – geveeld	to endure, to bear
vete	n	de · mv. vetes	feud
visite	n	de · mv. visites	visit; visitors, guests
waxen	v	waxte – gewaxt	to wax (remove hairs by pulling off a thin film of wax)
ricinus	n	de · mv. ricinussen	synonym of wonderboom (“castor oil plant”)
piet	n	de · mv. pieten	VIP, important person; synonym of Zwarte Piet; canary
edelweiss	n	de/het · mv. edelweissen	edelweiss, Leontopodium alpinum
charme	n	de · mv. charmes	charm (quality of inspiring delight or admiration)
geste	n	de · mv. gesten	gesture, movement of an appendix or body; gesture; story, history
bagage	n	de	baggage; luggage; load, a person's relevant (especially hindering) background
planter	n	de · mv. planters	a planter, one who plants (usually plants or perhaps fungi); a farmer, a tiller; in particular the owner or operator of a plantation, a…
carrière	n	de · mv. carrières	career, a person's occupation(s)
verhaaltje	n	het · mv. verhaaltjes	tale, story
revue	n	de · mv. revues	revue; review
tefilla	n	de · mv. tefillot	prayer; Jewish phylactery
officiant	n	de · mv. officianten	officiant, officiating priest or other person holding a religious office; officiating official
wending	n	de · mv. wendingen	turn, chance to do something; turn of events, change of circumstance
rol	n	de · mv. rollen	role, function (as in actions or tasks that a person or a group is expected…; role, character; roll (cylindrical object, often used as a rolling part)
vriendin	n	de · mv. vriendinnen	female friend; girlfriend (unmarried female romantic partner)
cancan	n	de · mv. cancans	cancan (dance)
Naomi	m		Naomi (Biblical figure); a female given name
Nathalie	m		a female given name
wonen	v	woonde – gewoond	to live (in a certain place)
heerlijk	a		wonderful (when referring to a sensation), great; delicious; lordly, suzerain (pertaining to a feudal lord)
platteland	n	het · mv. plattelanden	country, countryside
Jens	m		a male given name
vanwege	p		because of, due to
bedrijf	n	het · mv. bedrijven	business, economic activity; profession; company, firm, corporation
ontwerper	n	de · mv. ontwerpers	designer
vogeltjesmarkt	n	de · mv. vogeltjesmarkten	bird market, a place for selling and buying poultry
heroïne	n	de	heroin
rijtuig	n	het · mv. rijtuigen	a carriage or coach, such as in a train
gids	n	de · mv. gidsen	guide (person guiding others); guide (text providing guidance)
biefstuk	n	de · mv. biefstukken	beefsteak, steak
eigenlijk	a		actual
eigenlijk	d		actually, really, in reality, strictly speaking
nagerecht	n	het · mv. nagerechten	dessert
voorgerecht	n	het · mv. voorgerechten	a starter, the first course of a meal, an entrée
hoofdgerecht	n	het · mv. hoofdgerechten	a main course, the main dish of a meal
toetje	n	het · mv. toetjes	dessert, afters
verslapen	v	versliep – verslapen	to oversleep
Tessa	m		a female given name
figurant	n	de · mv. figuranten	extra; irrelevant person, bit player
Jakob	m		Jacob (Old Testament figure); a male given name, variant of Jacob
manier	n	de · mv. manieren	way, manner; manner, good behaviour
terreur	n	de · mv. terreurs	terror, instance or cause of fear; regime of terror; terrorism
vandalisme	n	het	vandalism (needless damage or destruction of property)
aflevere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afleveren
amende	n	de · mv. amendes	fine
mislukkeling	n	de · mv. mislukkelingen	failure, loser
vertaler	n	de · mv. vertalers	translator
trut	n	de · mv. trutten	bitch (pejorative term for a woman); boring, narrow-minded or slow person; pussy, cunt (vulva or vagina)
alm	n	de · mv. almen	alpine pasture
Hubert	m		a male given name
ambassade	n	de · mv. ambassades	an embassy, diplomatic legation to permanently represent a foreign state at…; an ambassadorial mission; an embassy building
zo'n	t		such a; such a, what a; about, approximately
poeh	i		A sigh of relief; An exclamation of surprise or admiration
crudités	n		crudités
opvallen	v	viel op – opgevallen	to stand out; to notice
verklaren	v	verklaarde – verklaard	to declare, state; to explain; to clarify
brisant	a		fast, snappy, explosive
paradigma	n	het · mv. paradigmata	paradigm (canonical or exhaustive set of inflected forms; set of forms with…; paradigm (framework of concept, practices and theories
betel	n	de · mv. betels	betel vine, Piper betle; betel palm, Areca catechu
hens	n	de	only used in alle hens aan dek (“all hands on deck”); only used in in de hens (“on fire”)
gade	n	de · mv. gaden	spouse (husband or wife)
boobytrap	n	de · mv. boobytraps	booby trap
brasserie	n	de · mv. brasserieën	brasserie
pruik	n	de · mv. pruiken	wig, peruke
adem	n	de	breath
rijbewijs	n	het · mv. rijbewijzen	driver's license
loterij	n	de · mv. loterijen	lottery
terrasje	n	het · mv. terrasjes	outdoor café
opdracht	n	de · mv. opdrachten	task, assignment, an action that one is required to do; commission, something that has been commissioned; order, request
eerder	a		earlier, former; previous, prior
eerder	d		earlier; before, previously; more, rather
eerder	n	de · mv. eerders	one who pays honor; plower, plowman or plowboy
elkaar	r		each other, one another
voornaamwoord	n	het · mv. voornaamwoorden	pronoun
onzijdig	a		neutral; neuter
vrouwelijk	a		womanly, feminine; female; feminine
Kerstmis	m		Christmas
onderwijs	n	het	education
telwoord	n	het · mv. telwoorden	numeral
allemaal	r		all, everyone
allemaal	d		Indicates that the speaker expects the listener to give a comprehensive list…
allemaal	t		all this/these; all kinds of, all sorts of
vanochtend	d		this morning, the morning at the beginning of the current day (in the past)
vanmiddag	d		this afternoon, the afternoon of the current day (in the future or past)
vanavond	d		tonight, this evening, the evening of the current day (in the future or past)
mobiel	a		mobile
mobiel	n	de · mv. mobielen	a mobile (kinetic arrangement)
telefoontje	n	het · mv. telefoontjes	telephone conversation
meteen	d		immediately; at once; while one is at it (while doing something related), at the same time
vorig	a		previous
gauw	d		quickly; soon
inlichtingen	n		information
verlichting	n	de	lighting, illumination; alleviation, solace
verlichting	m		the Enlightenment
fiets	n	de · mv. fietsen	bicycle; motorbike
tramhalte	n	de · mv. tramhaltes	a tram stop (Commonwealth), a streetcar stop (North America)
stationsgebouw	n	het · mv. stationsgebouwen	station building
bushokje	n	het · mv. bushokjes	bus shelter
spaarpot	n	de · mv. spaarpotten	piggy bank (not necessarily pig-shaped); an amount of money to keep close at hand for emergencies (usually in the…
blijken	v	bleek – gebleken	to appear, to become apparent; to appear; to turn out
volkomen	a		complete, total
volkomen	d		completely
verbeteren	v	verbeterde – verbeterd	to improve; to correct
verbetering	n	de · mv. verbeteringen	an improvement, amelioration; a correction, rectification,; a reparation, amendment
centrifuge	n	de · mv. centrifuges	centrifuge
dief	n	de · mv. dieven	a thief, one who steals
inschenken	v	schonk in – ingeschonken	to pour
vlucht	n	de · mv. vluchten	flight (the act of flying, an instance thereof); a flock, a swarm (of flying birds); flight, escape
aantal	n	het · mv. aantallen	countable amount; a number, a plurality; a few
leeuwin	n	de · mv. leeuwinnen	lioness
Leeuwenhoek	m		a neighborhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
bijwoord	n	het · mv. bijwoorden	adverb
betrouwbaar	a		trustworthy, reliable
afronden	v	rondde af – afgerond	to round up; to round off, wrap up; to finish
jaarverslag	n	het · mv. jaarverslagen	annual report
publiceren	v	publiceerde – gepubliceerd	to publish
vergadering	n	de · mv. vergaderingen	meeting, gathering
vergaderen	v	vergaderde – vergaderd	to gather together, meet up, assemble
relatie	n	de · mv. relaties	relation; relationship
zakenrelatie	n	de · mv. zakenrelaties	business relation
getekend	a		full of both physical and emotional scars
zoveel	t		so many, so much; that many, that much
zoveel	r		so many, so much; that many, that much
cijfer	n	het · mv. cijfers	digit, numeral; statistic, figure; a grade given for an assignment or class, particularly in primary school
hekel	n	de · mv. hekels	a hatred; hackle, hatchel
erop	d		following, next
intuïtie	n	de · mv. intuïties	intuition
besteden	v	besteedde – besteed	to spend
daarop	d		thereupon, following that
zekerheid	n	de · mv. zekerheden	certainty; collateral
tegenwoordig	a		present (in time), current
tegenwoordig	d		nowadays, presently
omdat	c		because
bericht	n	het · mv. berichten	message; news; communication
vooral	d		especially, above all; most of the time
althans	d		at least, anyway, at any rate
bijbel	n	de · mv. bijbels	bible (copy of the Bible); any large book
mannelijk	a		manly; male; masculine
letterkunde	n	de · mv. letterkundes	literature; the academic study of literature, literary science, literary studies
natuurkunde	n	de	physics
sterrenkunde	n	de	astronomy
stelkunde	n	de	algebra
medicijn	n	het · mv. medicijnen	medicine, cure, medication (substance)
franco	a		with freightages paid by the sender
Franco	m		a male given name from Italian or Spanish, equivalent to English Frank or…; a surname from Spanish; notably refers to Francisco Franco, the long-ruling right-wing 20th century…
humanist	n	de · mv. humanisten	humanist
merk	n	het · mv. merken	mark; logo; brand
Leopold	m		a male given name
Cornelia	m		a female given name
Higgsboson	n	het · mv. Higgsbosonen	Higgs boson
Confucius	m		Confucius
hotelier	n	de · mv. hoteliers	hotelier
koninklijk	a		royal
koninklijk	d		royally (in the manner of royalty)
woede	n	de	anger, wrath, outrage; frenzy
esthetica	n	de	aesthetic; aesthetics
overwintering	n	de · mv. overwinteringen	the act or instance of spending the winter, overwintering
profiterole	n	de · mv. profiteroles	profiterole
hypnose	n	de · mv. hypnoses	hypnosis
novelle	n	de · mv. novelles	a short novel, short story, a novella; a literary essay on closely related events
legering	n	de · mv. legeringen	alloy; encampment, camping, establishment of a (military) base
pulver	n	het	powder
Bretons	a		Breton
tautologie	n	de · mv. tautologieën	tautology
balling	n	de · mv. ballingen	exile (exiled person)
plundering	n	de · mv. plunderingen	looting, plundering
redding	n	de · mv. reddingen	rescue, rescuing
looping	n	de · mv. loopings	loop-the-loop (manoeuvre or amusement ride feature involving a vertical loop)
kretek	n	de · mv. kreteks	kretek
nano-ohm	n	de/het · mv. nano-ohms	nano-ohm: 10⁻⁹ ohm
micro-ohm	n	de/het · mv. micro-ohms	microohm: 10⁻⁶ ohm
kilo-ohm	n	de/het · mv. kilo-ohms	kiloohm: one thousand ohm
pico-ohm	n	de/het · mv. pico-ohms	pico-ohm: 10⁻¹² ohm
supercomputer	n	de · mv. supercomputers	a supercomputer, type of computer that has great processing power
sporangium	n	het · mv. sporangia	sporangium
conservator	n	de · mv. conservators	curator (of a museum or a library)
brigadier	n	de · mv. brigadiers	constable (police officer of some seniority)
taiga	n	de · mv. taiga's	taiga (subarctic evergreen coniferous forest)
Saunders	m		a neighbourhood of Sint Maarten
poot	n	de · mv. poten	limb (arm or leg) of an animal (sometimes human); leg or foot; hand
dra	d		soon
slagen	v	slaagde – geslaagd	to succeed (obtaining what was desired); to pass a test or examination
regel	n	de · mv. regels	line of writing, verse; (pre-printed) straight line to write it on; rule, regulation, custom, prescript
expressionist	n	de · mv. expressionisten	expressionist (artist working in the expressionist style)
vort	a		gone, lost, vanished
vort	i		go! move!
conjunctie	n	de · mv. conjuncties	syzygy; conjunction
radicaal	a		radical, fundamental, thorough-going
radicaal	n	de · mv. radicalen	radical
legio	a		legion, numerous
legio	n	het · mv. legio's	a multitude, a crowd
politiek	n	de · mv. politieken	politics
politiek	a		political
petto	n		only used in in petto
verstaan	v	verstond – verstaan	to understand (language, words), to hear clearly
cursus	n	de · mv. cursussen	an educational course, on its own or as part of an academic or evening…; the documentation associated with a course, usually compiled by teachers…
Joachim	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Joachim
floret	n	de · mv. floretten	foil
pronomen	n	het · mv. pronomina	pronoun
Byzantium	m		Byzantium (an ancient Greek city situated on the Bosporus in modern Turkey,…
tondeuse	n	de · mv. tondeuses	hair clipper
heit	n	de · mv. heiten	dad, father
oer	n	het	ferrous ground, sand clotted by iron(III) oxide, bog iron ore
stik	i		drat, darn; Used as an expression of frustration, if something doesn't work…
hiel	n	de · mv. hielen	heel, part of the foot; analogous part of footwear or another physical entity
serendipiteit	n	de · mv. serendipiteiten	serendipity
koers	n	de · mv. koersen	a course of action, approach; a course of a plane or ship; the price of a stock or bond, rate, notably on an exchange
triplex	a		threefold
triplex	n	het	plywood consisting of three veneers
vaardigheid	n	de · mv. vaardigheden	skill
onderhandelen	v	onderhandelde – onderhandeld	to negotiate
voordeel	n	het · mv. voordelen	advantage; front part
nadeel	n	het · mv. nadelen	disadvantage
jezelf	r		yourself
mijzelf	r		myself
basisschool	n	de · mv. basisscholen	elementary school (US), primary school (UK)
lesgeven	v	gaf les – lesgegeven	to teach in class
mezelf	r		myself
Mariëlle	m		a diminutive of the female given name Marie
dezelfde	t		the same
dezelfde	r		the same
voldoening	n	de · mv. voldoeningen	satisfaction
uitstellen	v	stelde uit – uitgesteld	to postpone, defer, delay
mogelijkheid	n	de · mv. mogelijkheden	possibility
alvast	d		already; in advance (to do something before an ensuing event)
tevens	d		at the same time; moreover, also
onmogelijk	a		impossible
bepalen	v	bepaalde – bepaald	to determine, to figure out; to determine, to decide, to choose; to limit oneself, to restrain oneself, to contain oneself
besluiten	v	besloot – besloten	to decide, to make a decision
uiteindelijk	a		eventual; final
uiteindelijk	d		in the end; eventually
functie	n	de · mv. functies	job, position; function, purpose; function
sollicitatie	n	de · mv. sollicitaties	job application
inleveren	v	leverde in – ingeleverd	to turn in; to sacrifice, to compromise, to give up on
aanraden	v	raadde aan – aangeraden	to suggest, advise
raden	v	raadde – geraden	to guess; to advise
muf	a		stale, musty (having lost its freshness)
ultramarathon	n	de · mv. ultramarathons	ultramarathon
Golgotha	m		Golgotha
verongelijktheid	n	de	a feeling of being wronged by a society
luister	n	de	lustre/luster, splendor; glory
tabletop	n	de · mv. tabletoppen	tabletop exercise (An emergency exercise where participants come together in…
voltijds	d		full-time
voltijds	a		full-time
deeltijds	d		part-time
deeltijds	a		part-time
oplossing	n	de · mv. oplossingen	solution (e.g. to a mathematical problem); solution
tja	i		Used to express thinking or pondering; hmm, yeah well; Used to express ambivalence or resignation
bestand	n	het · mv. bestanden	archive, file; file; truce
bestand	a		capable of withstanding, capable to withstand
goh	i		gosh, gee
redelijk	a		reasonable
redelijk	d		reasonably, fairly, rather
heen	d		away; to, towards; gone, outside the boundaries of the norms
heen	n	het	sea clubrush (Bolboschoenus maritimus)
huisarts	n	de · mv. huisartsen	general practitioner, primary care physician
spreekkamer	n	de · mv. spreekkamers	a doctor's office, a surgery, a consulting room, a consultation room
voorstellen	v	stelde voor – voorgesteld	to present, to put forth, to introduce; to propose, to suggest; to imagine
bezig	a		busy, occupied; in progress, on
stoer	a		firm, robust, sturdy, butch; tough, cool
stoer	i		cool, nice
hè	i		huh; said when surprised or puzzled; ugh, aww
sturen	v	stuurde – gestuurd	to steer, guide; to send
stuur	n	het · mv. sturen	a steering device, notably a steering wheel in a vehicle or handlebars on a…; (used absolutely, with the definite article: het stuur) Control
duizeligheid	n	de · mv. duizeligheden	dizziness
Ines	m		a female given name
terugkomen	v	kwam terug – teruggekomen	to come back, to return; to be echoed in; to go back on
röntgenfoto	n	de · mv. röntgenfoto's	radiograph, X-ray photograph
uitslag	n	de · mv. uitslagen	score in a competition or test; outcome (of a decision); what appears at the surface, e.g. moisture
jeuken	v	jeukte – gejeukt	to itch
waterpokken	n		chicken pox
besmettelijk	a		contagious
jeuk	n	de	an itch; an itching
recept	n	het · mv. recepten	recipe; prescription
zalf	n	de · mv. zalven	salve, cream, ointment; mayonnaise
sensualist	n	de · mv. sensualisten	sensualist (person who believes in enjoying sensuality); sensualist (one who holds to the doctrine of sensualism)
topos	n	de/het · mv. topoi	topos, literary theme; topos, mathematical structure
112	m		112, the pan-European emergency phone number
orchidee	n	de · mv. orchideeën	synonym of orchis
buis	n	de · mv. buizen	pipe, duct; television; a type of coat or jacket
allerlei	t		all kinds of; various
aandacht	n	de	attention; respect; affection
radeloos	a		desperate, being in dire need of something, and willing to take risks to get it; at a loss, being uncertain about something, or lacking something (ideas,…
behandeling	n	de · mv. behandelingen	medical or therapeutic treatment, therapy; judicial treatment
lichamelijk	a		physical, bodily
zeuren	v	zeurde – gezeurd	to whine, to complain in an unpleasant manner; to persist
achtereen	d		in succession
plek	n	de · mv. plekken	spot, place; bruise
boem	i		boom
levensbelangrijk	a		vitally important
naïef	a		naive
discotheek	n	de · mv. discotheken	discotheque
vluchten	v	vluchtte – gevlucht	to flee
gevlucht	n	het · mv. gevluchten	a sail cross; the sail beams of a windmill, connecting the sweeps to the…
zowat	d		just about; nearly; practically
zelfs	d		even (extreme example)
hartstikke	d		very, freaking, hella
waarop	d		after which
afleveren	v	leverde af – afgeleverd	to deliver, to drop off
tijdstip	n	het · mv. tijdstippen	moment in time, point in time, time of day
koop	n	de · mv. kopen	a purchase, bought acquisition
bedenken	v	bedacht – bedacht	to bethink; to think of, to make up; to reconsider, to change one's mind
aanbieding	n	de · mv. aanbiedingen	offer; special, discount offer
bevrijding	n	de · mv. bevrijdingen	liberation
bevrijden	v	bevrijdde – bevrijd	to liberate, to free
supermarkt	n	de · mv. supermarkten	supermarket
rustig	a		calm, tranquil, quiet; taking one's time, not hurried
rustig	d		calmly, tranquilly, quietly; unhurriedly, leisurely
tenminste	d		at least
koelkast	n	de · mv. koelkasten	a refrigerator, a fridge; an unfashionable, large, bulky cell phone
uitsparen	v	spaarde uit – uitgespaard	to save (e.g. money); spare; to leave a hole or space
Sieme	m		a male given name
internetten	v	internette – geïnternet	to use the internet
computeren	v	computerde – gecomputerd	to use the computer
belastingformulier	n	het · mv. belastingformulieren	tax form
belasting	n	de · mv. belastingen	strain, burden, load; tax, taxation; load
belasten	v	belastte – belast	to burden, to encumber; to charge (e.g. taxes), to tax or levy; to charge, to order, to invest
goeie	i		nice!
tuinieren	v	tuinierde – getuinierd	to garden (to do gardening work)
rollerskate	n	de · mv. rollerskates	a roller skate
camelia	n	de · mv. camelia's	a camellia, plant of the genus Camellia
baco	n	de · mv. baco's	a rum and coke
André	m		a male given name borrowed from French
trouwens	d		besides; by the way
bovendien	d		moreover, furthermore; besides, in addition
dierentuin	n	de · mv. dierentuinen	zoo
overig	a		remaining
bezoeken	v	bezocht – bezocht	to visit
kletsen	v	kletste – gekletst	to chat; to smack, to slap
onpersoonlijk	a		impersonal
eenvoudig	a		plain (not elaborate or embellished); easy (not difficult); simplex, unitary (not composite)
vanaf	p		starting from, from onwards, as of, as from; from the top of; away from
bezorgen	v	bezorgde – bezorgd	to deliver (hand over); to provide
bevestiging	n	de · mv. bevestigingen	confirmation; attachment
bedrijven	v	bedreef – bedreven	to do, to perform, to carry out; to commit, perpetrate
godsdienst	n	de · mv. godsdiensten	religion
vaker	d		more often (comparative degree of vaak)
bereiken	v	bereikte – bereikt	to arrive at, to reach, to get to; to achieve, to attain
afdeling	n	de · mv. afdelingen	department, branch; section, part; regiment, army unit consisting of more than one battalions
zowel	c		both, as well as
dwars	a		in a crosswise direction, transverse, at right angles; slantwise, diagonal, askew; rebellious, stubbornly disobedient
bedoelen	v	bedoelde – bedoeld	to intend, to have an aim; to mean, to intend to communicate
middeleeuws	a		medieval
zeilboot	n	de · mv. zeilboten	sailboat, sailing boat
spreekbeurt	n	de · mv. spreekbeurten	oral presentation, lecture as a school project
verscheidene	t		various
plaatselijk	a		local
bepaald	a		certain; specific; definite
bepaald	d		certainly, definitely, absolutely
omgeving	n	de · mv. omgevingen	surroundings, area, environment, environs; social circle, environment
landelijk	a		national; rural
zender	n	de · mv. zenders	sender, a person who sends; transmitter; a television or radio channel
boulevardblad	n	het · mv. boulevardbladen	tabloid
zogenaamd	a		so-called (having such a name, being called such)
zogenaamd	d		supposedly (according to a dubious claim)
invloed	n	de · mv. invloeden	influence
blijkbaar	d		apparently
blijkbaar	a		evident, apparent
hopelijk	d		hopefully
beslist	d		definitely, absolutely
absoluut	a		absolute, complete, perfect
meestal	d		most of the time, in most cases, usually
regelmatig	a		regular
zelden	d		rarely, seldom
lelijk	a		ugly
lelijk	d		badly
integendeel	d		on the contrary
rondleiding	n	de · mv. rondleidingen	guided tour
fietstocht	n	de · mv. fietstochten	bike ride
poffertje	n	het · mv. poffertjes	poffertje, a small Dutch puffed pancake, a baby pancake
jeugd	n	de	young age, early stage of life; state or quality of being young; young people
onderaan	p		at the bottom of
onderaan	d		at the bottom
bovenaan	p		at the top of
bovenaan	d		at the top
vrolijk	a		cheerful, merry, gleeful
overigens	d		besides
toen	d		then, subsequently (at a time in the past); back then, at the time, in those days
toen	c		when, at the time that (in the past)
buitenland	n	het	all foreign countries, collectively; anything abroad
binnenland	n	het · mv. binnenlanden	everything within the boundaries of a nation (as opposed to buitenland); inland, hinterland, upcountry
openbaar	a		public; non-affiliated (e.g. neither Catholic, Protestant, nor socialist)
trouw	n	de · mv. trouwen	loyalty, faithfulness; marriage
trouw	a		true, faithful, loyal
gelul	n	het	bullshit, empty talk
geweld	n	het	violence; strong or violent force; ferocity
stompzinnig	a		stupid, harebrained
maatschappij	n	de · mv. maatschappijen	company; society
stiekem	d		secretly, sneakily
stiekem	a		secretive, sneaky
luchtmacht	n	de · mv. luchtmachten	airforce
passen	v	paste – gepast	to fit (have the right size); to try on, to fit, to try for size; to befit, to suit, to behoove, to be appropriate
gebruiker	n	de · mv. gebruikers	user
goedemorgen	i		good morning
slikken	v	slikte – geslikt	to swallow
fors	a		stout, large; substantial, considerable
fors	d		strongly
verzekering	n	de · mv. verzekeringen	insurance; assurance, act of assuring, something that one has assured
illuster	a		illustrious, renowned, i.e. famous and distinguished
verzekeren	v	verzekerde – verzekerd	to assure; to insure
verkiezing	n	de · mv. verkiezingen	election (by vote or ballot); election, predestination of the elect in orthodox Calvinism
zetel	n	de · mv. zetels	chair, seat, especially as in parliament
verkiezen	v	verkoos – verkozen	to prefer; to elect
aanklagen	v	klaagde aan – aangeklaagd	to denounce, accuse, indict, sue
meest	t		most; superlative degree of veel
meest	d		mostly, usually
gunning	n	de · mv. gunningen	the act of awarding or allocating a project to a bidder
ridder	n	de · mv. ridders	knight; a champion
serieus	a		serious
overwegen	v	overwoog – overwogen	to consider (think about doing)
formeren	v	formeerde – geformeerd	to form
concurrentie	n	de	competition
uitsluiten	v	sloot uit – uitgesloten	to exclude; to preclude
Braziliaans	a		Brazilian
schnitzel	n	de · mv. schnitzels	schnitzel
invloedrijk	a		influential
erkend	a		acknowledged, accepted; recognized
liefhebber	n	de · mv. liefhebbers	fan, enthusiast; amateur, dilettante
bisschop	n	de · mv. bisschoppen	bishop (official in Orthodox, Catholic and some Protestant churches…; bishop, bishop's wine; bishop
Genua	m		Genoa (a port city and comune, the capital of the Metropolitan City of Genoa…; Genoa (a metropolitan city of Liguria, established in 2015; in full, the…
Berlijn	m		Berlin (the capital and largest city of Germany); Berlin (a state of Germany, containing the capital city); a settlement and former plantation in Para, Suriname
geregeld	a		regular; controlled
geregeld	d		regularly
commentaar	n	de/het · mv. commentaren	commentary, comment (act or result of commenting); comment (message or speech act in which comment is given); commentary (text genre commenting on something, e.g. another text)
geval	n	het · mv. gevallen	case, situation, instance; thing
begroting	n	de · mv. begrotingen	a budget, projected income and spending of a public or private organisation…; a budget, the funds (or other means) reserved for a project
vorming	n	de · mv. vormingen	formation; education
overleg	n	het · mv. overleggen	consultative forum, consultative conference (an organisational format that…
overleg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overleggen (“to…
partij	n	de · mv. partijen	party, quantity; side or actor in a conflict, procedure et cetera; political party
partij	t		some, a few, a small number of
gesprek	n	het · mv. gesprekken	talk, verbal conversation
verslag	n	het · mv. verslagen	report
eindverslag	n	het · mv. eindverslagen	final report
indienen	v	diende in – ingediend	to offer, to hand in
dienst	n	de · mv. diensten	service; draft
bergleeuw	n	de · mv. bergleeuwen	mountain lion, puma
taak	n	de · mv. taken	task
benoemen	v	benoemde – benoemd	to appoint, to nominate; to name, to call by someone's or something's name
meerdere	t		more, several, multiple
meerdere	r		several, multiple
meerdere	n	de · mv. meerderen	someone higher in rank; a superior or boss
informateur	n	de · mv. informateurs	advisor; politician who researches the possible coalition options before a new…
formateur	n	de · mv. formateuren	trainer; chief political negotiator for formal talks that are intended to lead to the…
afloop	n	de · mv. aflopen	ending, result, termination
afloop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aflopen
beweging	n	de · mv. bewegingen	movement, motion (act of physically moving); physical activity, exercise; movement, group, organisation (people with a common ideology or goal)
voldoende	t		sufficient
voldoende	n	de/het · mv. voldoendes	passing grade
beleid	n	het	policy, strategy, course of action; care, circumspection
inzetten	v	zette in – ingezet	to insert; to start off; to use, to employ
daarvoor	d		before that, previously, formerly; for that, therefore
onderhandeling	n	de · mv. onderhandelingen	negotiation
vreemdeling	n	de · mv. vreemdelingen	stranger (unfamiliar person hailing from elsewhere)
vreemdelingenbeleid	n	het · mv. vreemdelingenbeleiden	immigration policy
verdeling	n	de · mv. verdelingen	division, partition, distribution
inkomensverdeling	n	de · mv. inkomensverdelingen	income distribution
Wouder	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Walter
verschillend	a		different; various
verschillen	v	verschilde – verschild	to differ
bodywarmer	n	de · mv. bodywarmers	bodywarmer
poging	n	de · mv. pogingen	attempt
pogen	v	poogde – gepoogd	to attempt
wetgeving	n	de · mv. wetgevingen	legislation
huwelijk	n	het · mv. huwelijken	marriage
verworvenheid	n	de · mv. verworvenheden	achievement
aangaf	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aangeven
standpunt	n	het · mv. standpunten	standpoint; point of view
voorzitter	n	de · mv. voorzitters	chairperson, president
tonen	v	toonde – getoond	to show, to demonstrate; to sound, to resound
bereidheid	n	de	willingness
betekenen	v	betekende – betekend	to mean, to signify
heersen	v	heerste – geheerst	to rule; to prevail
woning	n	de · mv. woningen	house, abode, residence, dwelling
onrecht	n	het	injustice
onrecht	a		incorrect, wrong
nood	n	de · mv. noden	emergency, crisis, distress (often used in compounds); need
huurwoning	n	de · mv. huurwoningen	tenement
wachtlijst	n	de · mv. wachtlijsten	waiting list
lijst	n	de · mv. lijsten	list; picture frame
slechts	d		only, just
verhuizen	v	verhuisde – verhuisd	to move house (to move from one residence to another)
acuut	a		acute, sharp; acute, sudden, immediate
acuut	d		acutely, very quickly, immediately; urgent
ministerie	n	het · mv. ministeries	ministry (government department under the authority of a minister)
organisatie	n	de · mv. organisaties	an organization (institution); organisation, the way or degree that something is organised
frons	n	de · mv. fronsen	a frown, a furrow of one's eyebrows or forehead
inschrijven	v	schreef in – ingeschreven	to register
aanmelden	v	meldde aan – aangemeld	to apply, to announce; to apply; to log in
strategisch	a		strategic
wachttijd	n	de · mv. wachttijden	waiting time
oplopen	v	liep op – opgelopen	to incur, to receive or suffer (an injury); to contract (a disease); to increase
Hartman	m		Hartman: a surname
rationalist	n	de · mv. rationalisten	rationalist (adherent of rationalism)
revolutionairenveldbed	n	het · mv. revolutionairenveldbedden	stretcher for revolutionaries
passant	n	de · mv. passanten	passer-by; a traveller in transit who is staying somewhere for a short period of time
cosplay	n	de · mv. cosplays	cosplay
grammaticus	n	de · mv. grammatici	grammarian
cosplayer	n	de · mv. cosplayers	cosplayer
briefing	n	de · mv. briefings	briefing (short and concise summary of a situation); briefing (presentation of information or instruction)
donder	n	de	thunder (sound produced by a thunderstorm); the head or body; a thing (as in not a single thing)
bliksem	n	de · mv. bliksems	lightning
Bornholm	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Constantijn	m		a male given name from Latin, equivalent to English Constantine
Christiaan	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Christian
aangedaan	a		touched, moved
aanraking	n	de · mv. aanrakingen	touching; contact
boodschap	n	de · mv. boodschappen	message; errand
kerstboodschap	n	de · mv. kerstboodschappen	Christmas message
meningsuiting	n	de · mv. meningsuitingen	expression (of opinions)
democratie	n	de · mv. democratieën	democracy
bevochten	v	bevochtte – bevocht	synonym of bevochtigen
beperken	v	beperkte – beperkt	to limit, to curtail, to restrict, to constrain; to abridge
beschaving	n	de · mv. beschavingen	civilization (organised culture encompassing many communities); civilization (society, as opposed to wild nature)
beledigen	v	beledigde – beledigd	to offend
onderstrepen	v	onderstreepte – onderstreept	to underline, underscore
godsdienstvrijheid	n	de · mv. godsdienstvrijheden	freedom of religion
kwetsen	v	kwetste – gekwetst	to offend, to insult
oproepen	v	riep op – opgeroepen	to call, invoke; to appeal to
waarde	n	de · mv. waarden	value, monetary or figurative worth; moral value, principle; value for a parameter
omgaan	v	ging om – omgegaan	to go around; to pass; to handle, to cope, to deal
onontbeerlijk	a		indispensable, essential
wijsheid	n	de · mv. wijsheden	wisdom; maxim, saying, adage, concise nugget of wisdom
grondslag	n	de · mv. grondslagen	foundation, basis; foundation of a building, basis; originally specifically one consisting of…
geschieden	v	geschiedde – geschied	to occur
beschimpen	v	beschimpte – beschimpt	to taunt; to abuse
beheerst	a		restrained
onbeheerst	a		unrestrained
doel	n	het · mv. doelen	aim, purpose; destination; goal
wijzen	v	wees – gewezen	to point; to point out, indicate; to direct to (by extension, to send to)
opleggen	v	legde op – opgelegd	to put on; to impose
tolerantie	n	de · mv. toleranties	tolerance
erkenning	n	de · mv. erkenningen	recognition (of someone's achievements)
iemands	t		someone's, one's
vergen	v	vergde – gevergd	to demand, utter/pose a requirement; to require, necessitate
cultuur	n	de · mv. culturen	culture (practices and beliefs particular to a society or group); culture (arts, historic heritage and creative media as a sector); culture (cultivation, tillage of crops)
redetwisten	v	redetwistte – geredetwist	to argue, quarrel
beheersen	v	beheerste – beheerst	to control, to master; to have mastery over, to know (how to)
inspanning	n	de · mv. inspanningen	effort
vereisen	v	vereiste – vereist	to need, require
opvatting	n	de · mv. opvattingen	concept, idea; opinion, view
rekening	n	de · mv. rekeningen	a calculation; a mathematically consistent set of data in accounting; a client's account at a bank etc
geslaagd	a		successful
bewaren	v	bewaarde – bewaard	to preserve, keep; to guard, watch over
tegenstelling	n	de · mv. tegenstellingen	opposition, opposite; contrast
oprecht	a		sincere, honest, upright, upstanding
zoektocht	n	de · mv. zoektochten	search, quest
verdraagzaam	a		tolerant
samenleving	n	de · mv. samenlevingen	society (long-standing group of people sharing cultural aspects; people of…; cohabitation
adagium	n	het · mv. adagia	adage
Jutland	m		Jutland (a cultural region and peninsula in northwestern Europe, consisting…
skinhead	n	de · mv. skinheads	skinhead (member of a punk subculture characterised by a shaved head)
onbedoeld	a		unintentional
onbedoeld	d		unintentionally
toedoen	v	deed toe – toegedaan	to close, shut
toedoen	n	het	help, cooperation; activity
gesloten	a		closed
buitensluiten	v	sloot buiten – buitengesloten	to shut out, to lock out; to exclude, to shun
kennelijk	a		apparent
kennelijk	d		apparently
balkondeur	n	de · mv. balkondeuren	balcony door
brandweer	n	de · mv. brandweren	firefighting, fire department, fire brigade
verkleumd	a		stiff/numb with cold
hoogwerker	n	de · mv. hoogwerkers	aerial work platform
straf	n	de · mv. straffen	a punishment, penalty, sanction; a discomfort, misfortune
straf	a		heavy, hefty; spicy; implausible, improbable
voorkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorkomen (“to…
terrine	n	de · mv. terrines	terrine (dish); terrine (pâté)
verhalen	v	verhaalde – verhaald	to narrate; to make someone pay the costs for something
waargebeurd	a		real, actual (having a basis in true events) (often used of stories,…
visser	n	de · mv. vissers	a fisher, a fisherman or, less commonly, a fisherwoman
overboord	d		overboard
krabvisser	n	de · mv. krabvissers	crab fisher
krab	n	de · mv. krabben	crab, crustacean of the infraorder Brachyura
Pasen	m		Easter, the major Christian feast commemorating the Resurrection of Christ
Pinksteren	m		Pentecost, Whitsun
mee	d		along, together (i.e. with one)
mee	a		able to follow
Anton	m		a male given name
skateboarder	n	de · mv. skateboarders	a skateboarder
quenelle	n	de · mv. quenelles	dumpling, quenelle (food); quenelle (gesture)
inbox	n	de · mv. inboxen	inbox (folder for incoming electronic files such as emails)
magie	n	de	magic, sorcery (occult woo, black or white magic, etc.); hence supernatural…; a magical, surprising, fascinating feat
Genève	m		Geneva (a city in Switzerland); Geneva (a canton of Switzerland)
metrum	n	het · mv. metra	metre
slier	n	de · mv. slieren	The act of sliding or gliding; A ribbon, wisp, strand
Vlaming	n	de · mv. Vlamingen	Fleming (person from Flanders)
Nedersaksisch	a		Low Saxon
Nedersaksisch	m		the Low Saxon language
Nederduits	m		the Low German or Low Saxon language, now in general usage often restricted…
Nederduits	a		Low German (see above)
Nederlandstalig	a		having knowledge of the Dutch language, said especially of native speakers; in the Dutch language
Fries	n	de · mv. Friezen	a Frisian, member of a Germanic people (both the modern people and the…; a West Frisian specifically; a speaker of the West Frisian language
Fries	a		Frisian (any member of the Frisian people); West Frisian specifically (of the Frisian part of the Netherlands)
Fries	m		Frisian (any of the Frisian languages); specifically, West Frisian
Leeuwarden	m		Leeuwarden (a city, municipality, and capital of Friesland, Netherlands)
Cornelis	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Cornelius
personalia	n		general personal information (such as would be listed on e.g. a curriculum…
yuri	n	de	yuri
baar	n	de · mv. baren	a bier, a stretcher, a litter; a device used to carry someone or something,…; a bed on which a dead person is displayed before he is buried
baar	a		said of money; cash
sportivo	n	de · mv. sportivo's	A person to whom exercise and sports are very important
moedertaal	n	de · mv. moedertalen	mother tongue; ancestral language (language that is the ancestor of another language)
Amerikaanse	n	de · mv. Amerikaansen	a female American
ophangen	v	hing op – opgehangen	to hang up (to append or suspend); to hang, to execute by hanging; to hang up (a telephone), to end a telephone conversation
ophing	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of ophangen
zichzelf	r		oneself; himself/herself/themselves; yourself (in combination with the polite pronoun u.)
executie	n	de · mv. executies	execution (act, process or manner of putting something into practice); execution (act of fulfilling a death sentence or killing under summary law)
nadoen	v	deed na – nagedaan	to imitate
nadeed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of nadoen
jarige	n	de · mv. jarigen	person whose birthday it is; birthday girl, birthday boy; birthday kid
slaap	n	de	sleep; sleepiness; temple (slightly flatter region on either side of the human head)
aantreffen	v	trof aan – aangetroffen	to find, encounter, come across
stapelbed	n	het · mv. stapelbedden	bunkbed
genitaliën	n		genitals
terechtstelling	n	de · mv. terechtstellingen	execution, the act of carrying out a death sentence
stelling	n	de · mv. stellingen	position, configuration; thesis, contention; sentence
verdrijven	v	verdreef – verdreven	to expel, to dispel, to drive away; to while (away)
gevecht	n	het · mv. gevechten	fight, combat, battle, struggle
Iraaks	a		Iraqi
vrezen	v	vreesde – gevreesd	to fear
nieuwsgierig	a		curious, inquisitive
vernemen	v	vernam – vernomen	to learn (of), to find out, to hear (about)
kwaad	a		angry, furious; bad, evil, crooked
kwaad	n	het · mv. kwaden	evil; harm
geschenk	n	het · mv. geschenken	gift, present
kerstgeschenk	n	het · mv. kerstgeschenken	Christmas gift
wereldoorlog	n	de · mv. wereldoorlogen	world war
uiting	n	de · mv. uitingen	expression, utterance
sfeer	n	de · mv. sferen	sphere, round object; atmosphere, ambiance, mood
voormalig	a		former
molen	n	de · mv. molens	mill
papiermolen	n	de · mv. papiermolens	paper mill
fabriek	n	de · mv. fabrieken	factory
karton	n	het · mv. kartons	cardboard, paperboard; cardboard package
kartonfabriek	n	de · mv. kartonfabrieken	cardboard factory
rondgang	n	de · mv. rondgangen	a tour
watermolen	n	de · mv. watermolens	watermill
aandrijven	v	dreef aan – aangedreven	to drive, to power, to supply a driving force to; to float near, to approach or arrive floating
riem	n	de · mv. riemen	belt, strap, thong, collar; seat belt; oar, paddle
wolfs	a		wolfish
Maarten	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Martin
godverdomme	i		Goddamn!; fuck!
poepen	v	poepte – gepoept	to defecate; to shit
woningmarkt	n	de · mv. woningmarkten	housing market
vertonen	v	vertoonde – vertoond	to show, exhibit
overspannenheid	n	de	emotional exhaustion
Randstad	m		Randstad (a region and conurbation in the Netherlands)
verkoper	n	de · mv. verkopers	salesman, seller
vraagprijs	n	de · mv. vraagprijzen	asking price
verkoopprijs	n	de · mv. verkoopprijzen	bidding price
verkoop	n	de · mv. verkopen	sale (exchange of goods)
kruipen	v	kroop – gekropen	to crawl; to creep
oorspronkelijk	a		original; pristine
relatief	a		relative
relatief	d		relatively
relativiteit	n	de	relativity
leggen	v	legde – gelegd	to lay (to place in a lying position); to lay (eggs) (to produce and deposit eggs)
lijden	v	leed – geleden	to undergo, endure, suffer; to suffer
lijden	n	het	suffering
geleden	d		ago
voorzijn	v	was voor – voorgeweest	to precede, to get to a place before (someone else)
afdingen	v	dong af – afgedongen	to haggle for a lower price
dingen	v	dong – gedongen	to solicit
lonen	v	loonde – geloond	to be rewarding, to pay, to be profitable
beloning	n	de · mv. beloningen	reward
vereniging	n	de · mv. verenigingen	association; unification; union
verenigd	a		united
makelaar	n	de · mv. makelaars	a broker, notably in stocks and other financial products; a real estate agent, broker in immovable property
makelaardij	n	de · mv. makelaardijen	real estate agency
verhit	a		fiery, hot, feverish
oververhit	a		overheated
dreigen	v	dreigde – gedreigd	to threaten; to be imminent, to loom
dreiging	n	de · mv. dreigingen	threat
concluderen	v	concludeerde – geconcludeerd	to conclude
conclusie	n	de · mv. conclusies	conclusion; opinion (judicial opinion delivered by an Advocate General to the European…
slinken	v	slonk – geslonken	to shrink, to lessen, to decrease
aantonen	v	toonde aan – aangetoond	demonstrate, show, prove
voegen	v	voegde – gevoegd	to place, to put; to add; to grout
aanvoegen	v	voegde aan – aangevoegd	to join up
bieden	v	bood – geboden	to offer; to bid
gebieden	v	gebood – geboden	to command, order; to be in command
aanvoegend	a		subjunctive
aantonend	a		indicative
gebiedend	a		imperative
presentatie	n	de · mv. presentaties	presentation
representeren	v	representeerde – gerepresenteerd	to represent
representatief	a		representative, characteristic; trying to make an impression, impressive
voordoen	v	deed voor – voorgedaan	to demonstrate; to occur; to pose, act, pretend (with als)
deelwoord	n	het · mv. deelwoorden	a participle, a verb form that may function nominally or adjectivally
voltooid	a		completed; perfect
onvoltooid	a		unfinished; imperfect
voordoet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voordoen
woonregio	n	de · mv. woonregio's	residential area
opvallend	a		striking, notable
woningtype	n	het · mv. woningtypen	housing type
vrijstaand	a		free-standing
aanvankelijk	d		initially, at first
aanvankelijk	a		initial
dreigend	a		threatening; imminent, looming, impending
econoom	n	de · mv. economen	economist
werker	n	de · mv. werkers	worker
arbeider	n	de · mv. arbeiders	worker, labourer
krapte	n	de	shortage
doordat	c		because (implying an external cause)
hypotheek	n	de · mv. hypotheken	mortgage
hypotheekrente	n	de · mv. hypotheekrenten	mortgage interest, mortgage rate
leegstaand	a		empty-standing
koopwoning	n	de · mv. koopwoningen	self-owned house
verzadiging	n	de	saturation; satiety
verzadigen	v	verzadigde – verzadigd	to saturate; to satisfy
schaarste	n	de · mv. schaarsten	scarcity
kandidaat	n	de · mv. kandidaten	candidate
advies	n	het · mv. adviezen	advice
raad	n	de · mv. raden	an advice, counsel; a council, board, body which advises, concerts and/or decides; essential supply, necessity
meedoen	v	deed mee – meegedaan	to take part, participate
inschrijving	n	de · mv. inschrijvingen	registration
voorbijganger	n	de · mv. voorbijgangers	passer-by
martelaar	n	de · mv. martelaars	martyr
singlet	n	de · mv. singlets	a singlet, short, sleeveless type of shirt, worn alone (as in sports) or as…
offeren	v	offerde – geofferd	to sacrifice
politica	n	de · mv. politica's	female politician
voorzetsel	n	het · mv. voorzetsels	preposition
coördinator	n	de · mv. coördinatoren	coordinator
voegwoord	n	het · mv. voegwoorden	conjunction
tussenwerpsel	n	het · mv. tussenwerpsels	interjection
instelling	n	de · mv. instellingen	institution; attitude; setting, configuration option
klikken	v	klikte – geklikt	to click; to go well relationwise, to have a click; to squeal on someone, to snitch
lidwoord	n	het · mv. lidwoorden	article
spijkeren	v	spijkerde – gespijkerd	to nail
bijspijkeren	v	spijkerde bij – bijgespijkerd	to brush up
betaalbaar	a		payable, affordable
inclusief	a		inclusive
inclusief	p		including, included
klik	n	de · mv. klikken	click, sharp sound; a good connection between (two) people; a press of a mouse button
schoonheid	n	de · mv. schoonheden	beauty; beautiful person or object
korting	n	de · mv. kortingen	discount
actueel	a		current, present
ondergoed	n	het	underwear
tijdig	a		timely, at the proper time; in time, sufficiently early
afsluiten	v	sloot af – afgesloten	to close off, seal; to conclude, to end, to terminate
reisverzekering	n	de · mv. reisverzekeringen	travel insurance
korten	v	kortte – gekort	to shorten; to reduce in money (especially income)
kortaf	a		abrupt, brusque
afvragen	v	vroeg af – afgevraagd	to wonder
gezondheid	n	de	health
gezondheid	i		gesundheit, bless you
tafelen	v	tafelde – getafeld	to dine at (a) table(s)
eerlijk	a		honest; fair, just
klant	n	de · mv. klanten	customer, client; chap, bloke
geschiedenis	n	de · mv. geschiedenissen	history (that which happened in the past, especially insofar as it is…; history, historical science (the scientific study thereof); event, happening
communicatie	n	de · mv. communicaties	communication
onderneming	n	de · mv. ondernemingen	venture, enterprise, concern
ondernemen	v	ondernam – ondernomen	to undertake (an enterprise)
voorgrond	n	de · mv. voorgronden	foreground
vestiging	n	de · mv. vestigingen	branch, location (subsidiary business); establishment, settlement, founding (the action of establishing or founding…
aansluiten	v	sloot aan – aangesloten	to connect; to install; to fit, to join up, to connect, to interface
doelgroep	n	de · mv. doelgroepen	target group, target audience
werkzaam	a		operative, active; hardworking; employed
geklets	n	het	waffle, chatter
hoofdstuk	n	het · mv. hoofdstukken	chapter (in a book, film etc.)
zielig	a		sad, pitiful; pathetic
zoen	n	de · mv. zoenen	kiss, smooch; a chocolate-coated cream or marshmallow treat
maalderij	n	de · mv. maalderijen	millhouse
paardenstal	n	de · mv. paardenstallen	horse stable
inhoud	n	de · mv. inhouden	content; contents; index
inhoud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inhouden
bloeddruk	n	de · mv. bloeddrukken	blood pressure
advertentie	n	de · mv. advertenties	advertisement
belang	n	het · mv. belangen	interest, concern; importance, significance
advocaat	n	de · mv. advocaten	attorney, lawyer; an alcoholic beverage made of liquor or pure alcohol, egg yolks and sugar or…
schepper	n	de · mv. scheppers	creator, author, inventor; a tool used for shovelling or digging
reclamebureau	n	het · mv. reclamebureaus	advertising agency
verpakking	n	de · mv. verpakkingen	packaging
leunen	v	leunde – geleund	to lean
kledingkast	n	de · mv. kledingkasten	wardrobe
bekend	a		known; familiar, trusted
bekende	n	de · mv. bekenden	an acquaintance, someone known/trusted to the person of reference, yet often…; The known, what one is familiar with
opwaarderen	v	waardeerde op – opgewaardeerd	to revalue, increase in value; to top up (to extend the credit of something)
waarderen	v	waardeerde – gewaardeerd	to appreciate, to value; to estimate the value of, to appraise
huidig	a		current, present
digitaal	a		digital (representing values as discrete, usually binary, numbers); digital (pertaining to computers or circuit-board electronics); digit (pertaining to digits, fingers)
afdrukken	v	drukte af – afgedrukt	to print from a computer printer; to print
drukken	v	drukte – gedrukt	to press; to print; to hide (by pressing its body close to the ground)
beperkt	a		restricted, limited
webwinkel	n	de · mv. webwinkels	online store
ouder	n	de · mv. ouders	parent, father or mother; by extension a substitute caregiver; synonym of ouderdom (“age”)
liniaal	n	de/het · mv. linialen	ruler, straightedge
moord	n	de · mv. moorden	murder, a type of killing legally in a more severe degree than homicide
openlijk	d		openly
terwijl	c		while, during the same time that; whereas
mits	c		provided that, as long as
mits	p		provided that there is also, on the condition of
raak	a		hitting; to the point; on target
raak	n	de · mv. raken	rake
strijkijzer	n	het · mv. strijkijzers	iron, smoothing iron (device for pressing clothes); a racing cyclist who is bad at sprinting
strijken	v	streek – gestreken	to stroke; to iron, press (clothes); to play a string instrument
keten	n	de · mv. ketenen	chain, fetter, shackle; chain (of events or businesses); a network of civil society organisations, healthcare institutions,…
keten	v	keette – gekeet	to fool around noisily and hyperactively
kleding	n	de	clothing
aankoop	n	de · mv. aankopen	purchase
aankoop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aankopen
uniek	a		unique
uniek	d		uniquely
skitta	n		shit, crap
meertalig	a		multilingual
uitspraak	n	de · mv. uitspraken	pronunciation; judgment, decision; assertion, claim, expression
spraak	n	de · mv. spraken	speech (act, manner or faculty of speaking)
waterval	n	de · mv. watervallen	waterfall
huisdier	n	het · mv. huisdieren	domestic animal; pet
omvatten	v	omvatte – omvat	to envelop, encompass; to include
bevelhebber	n	de · mv. bevelhebbers	commander
bewerken	v	bewerkte – bewerkt	to work; to work on, to till; to edit, to rework
trefwoord	n	het · mv. trefwoorden	entry (in a dictionary); headword
uitdrukken	v	drukte uit – uitgedrukt	to express (to convey meaning); to press out, to squeeze out
verwijzing	n	de · mv. verwijzingen	reference; link (hypertext); referral
zodanig	d		in such a way, to such an extent; so
zodanig	t		such
wijzigen	v	wijzigde – gewijzigd	to edit, change, modify, alter
modificeren	v	modificeerde – gemodificeerd	to modify
persagentschap	n	het · mv. persagentschappen	news agency
agentschap	n	het · mv. agentschappen	agency
rimpel	n	de · mv. rimpels	wrinkle
schildpad	n	de · mv. schildpadden	tortoise, turtle; reptile of the order Testudines
schild	n	het · mv. schilden	shield; shell, carapace, cuttlebone or scale
reptiel	n	het · mv. reptielen	reptile, any member of the class Reptilia
Jezus	m		Jesus, Jesus of Nazareth; a male given name from Hebrew of Hebrew origin
Jezus	i		Jesus
Mozes	m		Moses
slavernij	n	de · mv. slavernijen	slavery; oppression, submission, bondage
theoloog	n	de · mv. theologen	theologian
schrijver	n	de · mv. schrijvers	writer, author
theologie	n	de	theology
dichter	n	de · mv. dichters	poet
gedicht	n	het · mv. gedichten	poem
omroep	n	de · mv. omroepen	broadcaster, an organisation providing radio and/or television broadcasts; one of several membership-based non-governmental organizations, originally…; broadcasting, the technical business of transmitting audiovisual content via…
omroep	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omroepen
omroepen	v	riep om – omgeroepen	to make an announcement by means of a public address system, to tannoy; to broadcast
aimabel	a		amiable
eigenzinnig	a		idiosyncratic
baksteen	n	de/het · mv. bakstenen	a brick, a hardened block of, for example, clay; brick, the building material
vegetariër	n	de · mv. vegetariërs	a vegetarian
dichtbinden	v	bond dicht – dichtgebonden	to tie up, to close by tying shut
lasteren	v	lasterde – gelasterd	to slander
praat	n	de	talk, talking
klagen	v	klaagde – geklaagd	to complain; to sue
verfijnen	v	verfijnde – verfijnd	to refine
aanbieder	n	de · mv. aanbieders	provider
heiligen	v	heiligde – geheiligd	to hallow, to sanctify
heiligenbeeld	n	het · mv. heiligenbeelden	image of a saint
editie	n	de · mv. edities	edition
blinken	v	blonk – geblonken	to shine, to glitter (reflect light)
barmhartig	a		merciful; charitable
verwijden	v	verwijdde – verwijd	to widen
werkplek	n	de · mv. werkplekken	workplace
tweetalig	a		bilingual
invoeren	v	voerde in – ingevoerd	to introduce; to input, enter; to import
voeren	v	voerde – gevoerd	to guide, lead; to wage (war); to bear a coat of arms
vragenlijst	n	de · mv. vragenlijsten	questionnaire
wensen	v	wenste – gewenst	to wish
eiken	a		oaken
plaatsen	v	plaatste – geplaatst	to place; to qualify (become eligible for some position, usually in sports)
aanpassen	v	paste aan – aangepast	to change, adjust; to adjust, adapt; to fit, try on
afmeting	n	de · mv. afmetingen	dimension (size); the act or process of measuring
zorgeloos	a		carefree
onderhoud	n	het	maintenance; overhaul; audience (formal meeting)
onderhoud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of onderhouden…
onderhouden	v	onderhield – onderhouden	to maintain, to keep in good condition; to converse; to submerge, keep under
waardering	n	de · mv. waarderingen	appreciation; appraisal
meting	n	de · mv. metingen	measurement
afhalen	v	haalde af – afgehaald	to pick up, take away (of e.g. a placed order)
afkorten	v	kortte af – afgekort	to shorten; to abbreviate; to abridge
afmeten	v	mat af – afgemeten	to measure off
landbouw	n	de	agriculture
landbouwer	n	de · mv. landbouwers	farmer
bouwer	n	de · mv. bouwers	builder
zaag	n	de · mv. zagen	saw (cutting tool); female nagger, whiner (annoying woman)
bureaula	n	de · mv. bureauladen	desk drawer
kunstenaar	n	de · mv. kunstenaars	artist
scheikunde	n	de	chemistry
geneeskunde	n	de	medicine (discipline)
beeldend	a		visual, "plastic", pictorial
eer	n	de	honour; copper; bronze
eer	c		ere, before
aankijken	v	keek aan – aangekeken	to look at, to look in the eye
achting	n	de	regard, esteem, estimation (opinion or judgment of something, negative or…
vermogen	n	het · mv. vermogens	ability, power, capacity; power; fortune (large sum of money)
vermogen	v	vermocht – vermogen	to be able to do, to be able to achieve
enkelvoud	n	het · mv. enkelvouden	singular
vervoegen	v	vervoegde – vervoegd	to conjugate
aanzien	v	zag aan – aangezien	to watch, to view; to view as, to take for, to mistake for, to regard as; to watch, to behold
aanzien	n	het	regard, prestige; appearance
aangezien	c		since, because, seeing as
geslacht	n	het · mv. geslachten	sex; gender; grammatical gender
eigenschap	n	de · mv. eigenschappen	property, feature, quality
nogal	d		rather, quite
lieveling	n	de · mv. lievelingen	favorite; darling
krachtig	a		powerful, strong
krachtig	d		powerfully, forcefully, strongly
liefst	d		most preferably
verkrijgen	v	verkreeg – verkregen	to obtain, gain, get
navolgen	v	volgde na – nagevolgd	to succeed, to come after, to follow (an example)
aanduiden	v	duidde aan – aangeduid	to indicate, to mark, to point out; to express, to put into words
duiden	v	duidde – geduid	to point to, refer to, suggest; to explain, clarify
voorop	d		on/at the front; first, foremost
voorop	p		on/at the front of
uitbeelding	n	de · mv. uitbeeldingen	portrayal
nagenoeg	d		almost, virtually, practically
vlak	a		flat, plane
vlak	n	het · mv. vlakken	a plain, a flat surface; a domain, sphere, field of interest; face (flat bounding surface of a polyhedron)
vlak	d		straight, immediately, just, right
bazen	v	baasde – gebaasd	to babble, to talk nonsense
bedoeling	n	de · mv. bedoelingen	intention (goal, purpose); eggcorn of bedoening
overzicht	n	het · mv. overzichten	synopsis, outline; survey, overview of the entire situation
eigenaar	n	de · mv. eigenaars	owner
tennissen	v	tenniste – getennist	to play tennis
sporten	v	sportte – gesport	to practice sports in general, to play a sport, to exercise
tennisser	n	de · mv. tennissers	tennis player
beroepsmatig	a		professional
sporter	n	de · mv. sporters	one who plays a sport (habitually)
haram	a		haram, forbidden, not allowed
haram	d		in a way that is forbidden
periosteum	n	het · mv. periostea	periosteum
opaline	n	de	opal glass, opaline (type of opaque translucent glass)
opaline	a		opaline, made of opal glass
centiliter	n	de · mv. centiliters	centilitre, centiliter
verschrikken	v	verschrikte – verschrikt	to frighten, startle (weak inflection; strong inflection proscribed); to be frightened, to be startled (strong inflection)
verschrikking	n	de · mv. verschrikkingen	horror
rommel	n	de	junk, low-quality stuff; mess, disorder
waardeloos	a		worthless
waard	n	de · mv. waarden	an innkeeper, a publican; a landlord, a host; a holm, holme, an area surrounded by rivers or a riverine floodplain
waard	a		worth
handelswaar	n	de · mv. handelswaren	merchandise
handel	n	de	trade (activity of trading); business, company (commercial entity); shop, store (merchant's business)
volwassen	a		adult, full-grown
geestelijk	a		mental, concerning the mind; spiritual; clerical
geestelijk	d		spiritually; mentally
geest	n	de · mv. geesten	ghost, spirit, immaterial being; mind, mental consciousness; mindset, mentality
Martinus	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Martin
Petraeus	m		a surname
raar	a		strange, odd, weird, unusual
volgroeid	a		full-grown, adult
kenmerk	n	het · mv. kenmerken	characteristic; reference number
verkennen	v	verkende – verkend	to explore
achterkasteel	n	het · mv. achterkastelen	aftcastle; raised structure on the stern of a ship, covered by the poop deck
voorkasteel	n	het · mv. voorkastelen	forecastle
estheet	n	de · mv. estheten	aesthete
gevoelig	a		sensitive; prone, predisposed, inclined (to usually undesirable quality)
hierheen	d		hither, towards here
pan	n	de · mv. pannen	pan, especially for cooking; cooking pot; roof tile
recreant	n	de · mv. recreanten	someone who practices or enjoys recreation
princeps	n	de	princeps; Roman emperor
heer	n	de · mv. heren	a lord; master; a gentleman
positivo	n	de · mv. positivo's	a person with a positive mindset
stiletto	n	de · mv. stiletto's	stiletto
daarheen	d		thither, to there
achtertuin	n	de · mv. achtertuinen	backyard
steunen	v	steunde – gesteund	to support, keep up, back up, assist; to rest, be based or founded on; to moan, groan
uitgebreid	a		vast, spacious; comprehensive, extensive; copious
uitgebreid	d		extensively, copiously
uitbreiden	v	breidde uit – uitgebreid	to extend, to expand; to escalate, to become more serious
ondersteuning	n	de · mv. ondersteuningen	support
winkelwagen	n	de · mv. winkelwagens	shopping cart
kampanje	n	de · mv. kampanjes	poop deck (e.g. of galleys)
achtereind	n	het · mv. achtereinden	rear end
schepen	n	de · mv. schepenen	alderman
schepen	v		to embark, ship; to travel by ship
verblijven	v	verbleef – verbleven	to stay, to reside (to remain in a particular place)
enig	t		some; any
enig	a		only, single; cute, nice, adorable
toenemen	v	nam toe – toegenomen	to increase
ophogen	v	hoogde op – opgehoogd	to raise, make higher
geblinddoekt	a		blindfolded
koek	n	de · mv. koeken	cookie, cake, biscuit, wafer; any type of cake or biscuit; something doughy or sticky
pannenkoek	n	de · mv. pannenkoeken	pancake; pannekoek; flapjack
koekhappen	n	het	bite-the-cake; a game, especially for children, in which piece(s) of cake…
concreet	a		concrete, not abstract; perceivable, real
tastbaar	a		tangible, palpable
herinnering	n	de · mv. herinneringen	a memory, something that one remembers; the act of remembering; a reminder, something that reminds one about something
wijken	v	week – geweken	to yield, make way; to recede; to disappear
afgang	n	de · mv. afgangen	the act of descending; the act of leaving the stage; the loss of face
terugtrekken	v	trok terug – teruggetrokken	to withdraw, to pull back; to pull back, to retreat
achteruitgaan	v	ging achteruit – achteruitgegaan	to decline, recede
uitgaan	v	ging uit – uitgegaan	to go out (to go to public places for leisure); to turn off, to shut down; to expire, to break up (of a relationship)
piepjong	a		very young
piep	n	de · mv. piepen	a peep, a squeak
piep	i		squeak, peep; peep (euphemism for a profanity)
aanrander	n	de · mv. aanranders	assailant
aanranden	v	randde aan – aangerand	to assault sexually, to commit severe physical sexual violence against
joggen	v	jogde – gejogd	to jog
gewenst	a		wished for, desired
ongewenst	a		undesirable
elektronisch	a		electronic
fantastisch	a		fantastic, great; fantastic, imaginative; unreal, unrealistic, fantastical
trimmen	v	trimde – getrimd	to work out, especially to jog; to trim the hair of a dog or a horse
bijknippen	v	knipte bij – bijgeknipt	to trim (with scissors)
aanspreken	v	sprak aan – aangesproken	to address; to accost; to appeal to, to be appealing to
slachtoffer	n	het · mv. slachtoffers	victim
slacht	n	de	slaughter
slachten	v	slachtte – geslacht	to slaughter
negeren	v	negeerde – genegeerd	to ignore; to belittle, to torment, to treat like a flunky
hierop	d		subsequently, following this
achtervolgen	v	achtervolgde – achtervolgd	to pursue
achtervolging	n	de · mv. achtervolgingen	pursuit
opmerking	n	de · mv. opmerkingen	remark, observation
opmerken	v	merkte op – opgemerkt	to remark, notice
daad	n	de · mv. daden	deed, act, action
ontstaan	v	ontstond – ontstaan	to arise, to come into being
beetpakken	v	pakte beet – beetgepakt	to clutch
pakken	v	pakte – gepakt	to grab, to take; to get, to fetch; to pack, to compact
trok	n	de · mv. trokken	current of air, draft
voorwerp	n	het · mv. voorwerpen	a physical object; the object (of a sentence)
wegvoeren	v	voerde weg – weggevoerd	to carry away
modder	n	de	mud
onbepaald	a		uncertain, indefinite
meewerken	v	werkte mee – meegewerkt	to cooperate
aanduiding	n	de · mv. aanduidingen	mark; indication, designation
genoemd	a		said, given
gewild	a		wanted, desired, popular
toestand	n	de · mv. toestanden	situation, condition; an unpleasant situation; state
situatie	n	de · mv. situaties	situation, circumstance
verkeren	v	verkeerde – verkeerd	to find oneself (e.g. in a situation); to be found, be located; to handle, get along with
handeling	n	de · mv. handelingen	act, action
handelen	v	handelde – gehandeld	to trade, do business; to act; to handle, to deal with or endure something or someone (particularly…
betasten	v	betastte – betast	to feel, to grope
Indo	n	de · mv. Indo's	a person of partially native Indonesian and partially European descent
Jerevan	m		Yerevan (the capital city of Armenia)
Lissabon	m		Lisbon (the capital city of Portugal)
statie	n	de · mv. staties	train station
zicht	n	het · mv. zichten	sight, view, vision; sickle (short scythe)
yoghurt	n	de · mv. yoghurts	yogurt
zeis	n	de · mv. zeisen	scythe
omstandigheid	n	de · mv. omstandigheden	circumstance, condition
pseudocide	n	de · mv. pseudocides	pseudocide
madrassa	n	de · mv. madrassa's	madrasa (Islamic school)
monorail	n	de · mv. monorails	monorail
tinten	v	tintte – getint	to tint
informeren	v	informeerde – geïnformeerd	to inform, to give information; to inquire, to search or to ask for information
opsporen	v	spoorde op – opgespoord	to trace, identify
verrassend	a		surprising
verrassend	d		surprisingly
Albanese	n	de · mv. Albanesen	an Albanian woman
cultus	n	de · mv. cultussen	cult, a particular tradition of worship or veneration of deities, ancestors,…; religious service
ontzaglijk	a		enormous, immense, awe-inspiring
beestenbende	n	de · mv. beestenbendes	a complete mess (mess as if resulting from animals stampeding)
cambium	n	het · mv. cambia	cambium
natie	n	de · mv. naties	nation
vorst	n	de · mv. vorsten	the generic term for prince, monarch, ruler; a prince, rendering of tradition-specific title of certain ranks (all below…; frost
glijden	v	gleed – gegleden	to slide; to lapse
gedeelte	n	het · mv. gedeelten	part, section
schuinen	v	schuinde – geschuind	to slant
schuin	a		slanted, slanting; obscene
schuin	d		diagonally
oppervlak	n	het · mv. oppervlakken	surface
opperen	v	opperde – geopperd	to cock hay, form hay-cocks; to suggest; to bring stones, mortar etc. to the masons
wrijving	n	de · mv. wrijvingen	friction
wrijven	v	wreef – gewreven	to rub
nauwelijks	d		hardly, barely
idioom	n	het · mv. idiomen	idiom, expression or a combination of words used in a language in a way…
tsaarschap	n	het · mv. tsaarschappen	tsarship, czarship
tsaar	n	de · mv. tsaren	tsar, tzar, czar
voorspelling	n	de · mv. voorspellingen	forecast; prophecy
voorspellen	v	voorspelde – voorspeld	to predict, foresee, foretell, forespell
spellen	v	spelde – gespeld	to spell
weersvoorspelling	n	de · mv. weersvoorspellingen	weather forecast; weather forecasting
verkeer	n	het	traffic; intercourse, exchange, dealings; verquere, a historical tables game
verkeersinformatie	n	de	traffic information, traffic news, traffic updates, traffic report…
gehoor	n	het	hearing (faculty); audience, listeners
risico	n	het · mv. risico's	risk
Hemelvaart	m		Ascension Day; Christ’s ascension
hemelvaart	n	de · mv. hemelvaarten	ascension to Heaven
schorsen	v	schorste – geschorst	to suspend, delay (an event, proceeding) by inserting a pause; to suspend, temporarily depose / remove from office or from membership or…; to strip off bark
huiswerk	n	het	homework (educational assignment to be done in one's own time)
ordelijk	a		neat, in order
fatsoenlijk	a		decent
aantekening	n	de · mv. aantekeningen	note
pilus	n	de · mv. pili	pilus (bacterial appendage)
kapiteel	n	het · mv. kapitelen	capital (uppermost part of a column)
koer	n	de · mv. koeren	garden, yard (usually fenced); courtyard, yard; schoolyard
Hell	m		a hamlet in Putten, Gelderland, Netherlands
oké	a		okay, correct, acceptable, satisfactory; good
oké	i		OK
wijze	n	de · mv. wijzen	manner, mode, way, method; melody; mood of speech
natuurijs	n	het	natural ice
getal	n	het · mv. getallen	an expressed number; the number, either singular or plural
haak	n	de · mv. haken	hook; bracket (for enclosing text or mathematical symbols); shoal, sandbank
haken	v	haakte – gehaakt	to hook, to catch; to crochet; to long strongly for
afzonderen	v	zonderde af – afgezonderd	to isolate
bekendmaken	v	maakte bekend – bekendgemaakt	to announce, to make known; to denounce
skeeler	n	de · mv. skeelers	skate, in-line skate (originally one with five wheels, but soon also used…
skeeleren	v	skeelerde – geskeelerd	to skate on in-line skates
bestuur	n	het · mv. besturen	management; governing board; reign
besturen	v	bestuurde – bestuurd	to steer; to operate; to drive (e.g. a car or vehicle)
starten	v	startte – gestart	to start, begin
strijd	n	de · mv. strijden	conflict, strife; battle, active fighting, warfare
strijden	v	streed – gestreden	to fight, to wage battle or war; to fight, to engage in conflict or competition
vastzitten	v	zat vast – vastgezeten	to be stuck; to be in the state of incarceration
schaats	n	de · mv. schaatsen	skate, ice skate
aftroeven	v	troefde af – afgetroefd	to score off, to achieve success over
drenkplaats	n	de · mv. drenkplaatsen	a well or watering hole, a place where water or another potable liquid is…; a drinking establishment, a watering hole, a pub
ijskast	n	de · mv. ijskasten	refrigerator (originally a cupboard filled with ice to keep goods cool)
induiken	v	dook in – ingedoken	to dive in; to enter, to pop in
anderszins	d		otherwise
bestuurder	n	de · mv. bestuurders	driver; manager
spugen	v	spoog – gespogen	to spit; to vomit
methanal	n	de	methanal
aju	i		bye, see you
sperma	n	het	sperm, semen (fluid animal seed)
smartphone	n	de · mv. smartphones	smartphone
waterboarding	n	de/het	waterboarding (a torture technique in which the victim is immobilized, has…
betonen	v	betoonde – betoond	to show; to emphasize, to accent
medeleven	n	het	condolence
aanslag	n	de · mv. aanslagen	deposit (substance layered on a surface); stroke, keystroke; attack, assault
militair	n	de · mv. militairen	soldier
militair	a		military
Afghaans	a		Afghan
wonden	v	wondde – gewond	to wound, hurt
wond	n	de · mv. wonden	wound
missie	n	de · mv. missies	mission, task; mission (proselytisation)
patrouille	n	de · mv. patrouilles	patrol (going of the rounds); patrol (group of guards doing rounds)
zelfmoord	n	de · mv. zelfmoorden	suicide; self-destruction, self-destructive behaviour
zelf	d		oneself, referring to the subject of a sentence: myself, yourself, itself,…; oneself, by oneself, alone
zelf	n	het	self
zelfmoordaanslag	n	de · mv. zelfmoordaanslagen	suicide attack (attempt on people's lives in which the attacker commits…
explosief	n	het · mv. explosieven	explosive
explosief	a		explosive
afstand	n	de · mv. afstanden	distance; offset; offstand
kamp	n	het · mv. kampen	camp; a political or social fraction or group; field
ontploffing	n	de · mv. ontploffingen	explosion
ontploffen	v	ontplofte – ontploft	to explode
voertuig	n	het · mv. voertuigen	vehicle
pantservoertuig	n	het · mv. pantservoertuigen	armored vehicle (US), armoured vehicle (UK)
pantser	n	het · mv. pantsers	armor (US), armour (UK)
verwonding	n	de · mv. verwondingen	wound, injury
lichter	n	de · mv. lichters	lighter (type of barge use for transporting cargo to and from a moored boat)
momenteel	d		at the moment, currently
verplegen	v	verpleegde – verpleegd	to nurse
plegen	v	placht – geplacht	to do (something) habitually, customarily; to usually happen; to commit (a crime)
terugkeren	v	keerde terug – teruggekeerd	to return; to recur
keren	v	keerde – gekeerd	to turn around, to turn around an axis
schreef	n	de · mv. schreven	line, stroke of the pen; border (over de schreef: across the border); a decoration at the end of lines which make up letters
moed	n	de	courage, bravery, daring; mood; internal nature, mental disposition
voorspoedig	a		successful, prosperous, propitious, favourable
spoedig	a		imminent, arriving or occurring soon, soon; speedy
spoedig	d		soon
herstel	n	het	recovery; restoration, repair
ondanks	p		despite, in spite of
toewensen	v	wenste toe – toegewenst	to wish
bleek	a		pale; bleak
bleek	n	de	bleach (chemical used for bleaching); the act of bleaching; bleachfield
indruk	n	de · mv. indrukken	impression
indruk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of indrukken
motivatie	n	de · mv. motivaties	motivation
aantasten	v	tastte aan – aangetast	to affect badly, to damage (by contact), to attack (chemically)
plannen	v	plande – gepland	to plan
doorgaan	v	ging door – doorgegaan	to go through (with), to proceed, continue; to take place, (hence negated) to fall through, be cancelled
zulk	t		such
rechtszaak	n	de · mv. rechtszaken	lawsuit
landschap	n	het · mv. landschappen	landscape
scherper	n	de · mv. scherpers	pencil sharpener
legger	n	de · mv. leggers	an animal that lays eggs, especially an egg-producing bird; a ledger, register (book for keeping records and/or notes); a vorlage (edition of a text that is the immediate predecessor or one of the…
enkeling	n	de · mv. enkelingen	single person, individual; some person or other, some people
buik	n	de · mv. buiken	belly; paunch (referring euphemistically to a protrusive belly); the lowest inner part of a ship's hull, where water accumulates
hospitaal	n	het · mv. hospitalen	hospital, now in particular a military hospital
woordvoerder	n	de · mv. woordvoerders	spokesman or spokesperson (male or unspecified)
kampen	v	kampte – gekampt	to struggle, to contend; to deal with, to suffer (from a problem), to cope
onbegrip	n	het · mv. onbegrippen	incomprehension
opblazen	v	blies op – opgeblazen	to blow up, to inflate, to upblow; to explode, to set off
provinciehoofdstad	n	de · mv. provinciehoofdsteden	provincial capital
plaatsvinden	v	vond plaats – plaatsgevonden	to take place, occur
beveiligen	v	beveiligde – beveiligd	to protect, secure
beveiliging	n	de · mv. beveiligingen	protection, security
beveiliger	n	de · mv. beveiligers	guard
onveilig	a		unsafe
aardschok	n	de · mv. aardschokken	earthquake, quake, temblor, seism; tremor, earth tremor, microseism
havervlokkenpap	n	de	oatmeal (breakfast cereal)
titaan	n	het	titanium; a Titan in Greek mythology; by comparison
mangaan	n	het	manganese
arseen	n	het	arsenic
jood	n	de · mv. joden	Jew (adherent of Judaism); a supporter of AFC Ajax; a dishonest or sneaky person
uraan	n	het	uranium (radioactive element)
astaat	n	het	astatine
seleen	n	het	selenium (chemical element)
telluur	n	het	tellurium
tantaal	n	het	tantalum
halogeen	n	het · mv. halogenen	halogen (any element of group 7 of the periodic table)
alkeen	n	de · mv. alkenen	alkene
wapenkunde	n	de	heraldry
zielkunde	n	de	psychology
zuurstof	n	de	oxygen, O (chemical element); dioxygen, molecular oxygen, O₂ (molecule)
droge	n	het	dry land
deeltje	n	het · mv. deeltjes	particle
hemellichaam	n	het · mv. hemellichamen	heavenly body
sacherijnig	a		bad tempered, grumpy
chagrijnig	a		bad-tempered, grumpy, cranky
chagrijn	n	het · mv. chagrijnen	chagrin; someone in a bad mood, being grumpy
verveling	n	de · mv. vervelingen	boredom
kankerlijer	n	de · mv. kankerlijers	motherfucker
kankerlijder	n	de · mv. kankerlijders	cancer patient
juut	n	de · mv. juten	synonym of politieagent (“police officer, cop”)
classis	n	de · mv. classes	a supracongregational, regional executive body, intermediate in size or rank…
draadloos	a		wireless
bevriend	a		friendly, befriended
vriendschap	n	de · mv. vriendschappen	friendship
bondgenoot	n	de · mv. bondgenoten	ally (member of the same alliance; one who offers support when needed)
genoot	n	de · mv. genoten	(male) companion; fellow member of a group or organisation
zelfstandigheid	n	de	independence
verklaring	n	de · mv. verklaringen	declaration, statement; explanation
waarnemer	n	de · mv. waarnemers	observer; representative
waarneming	n	de · mv. waarnemingen	observation; perception
waarnemen	v	nam waar – waargenomen	to perceive, to observe, to notice, to sense; to be acting, to temporarily assume the duties of another person
tijdelijk	a		temporal; temporary
tijdelijk	d		temporarily
darm	n	de · mv. darmen	intestine
nadat	c		after, after which
sindsdien	d		since then
mededeling	n	de · mv. mededelingen	notice; communication; announcement
kuiper	n	de · mv. kuipers	cooper; intriguer
Kuiper	m		a surname, Kuiper, originating as an occupation, derived from kuiper (“cooper”)
berk	n	de · mv. berken	birch, tree of the genus Betula
graven	v	groef – gegraven	to dig physically; to search for information
gedogen	v	gedoogde – gedoogd	to tolerate, to permit, to condone
bewoner	n	de · mv. bewoners	occupant, inhabitant
voorlopig	a		provisional, temporary; current
voorlopig	d		for now, for the moment, for the time being
wijk	n	de · mv. wijken	neighborhood; district; secondary canal in a turf extraction area
Mallorca	m		Mallorca, Majorca (an island in the Mediterranean; largest of the Balearic…
Ibiza	m		Ibiza (island in the Balearic Islands of Spain, in the Mediterranean Sea); a car model produced by SEAT
havengebied	n	het · mv. havengebieden	port area; dockland
nabij	p		near
nabij	d		near
nabij	a		near, proximal
doorbrengen	v	bracht door – doorgebracht	to spend (time)
besloten	a		private; agreed, decided
bijeenkomst	n	de · mv. bijeenkomsten	meeting
komst	n	de	arrival
vrijgeven	v	gaf vrij – vrijgegeven	to release, to open; to declassify, to make public
vooralsnog	d		for the moment
betrekken	v	betrok – betrokken	to involve, to implicate; to live, to settle in; to obtain
enige	r		only one; only thing
voorvoegsel	n	het · mv. voorvoegsels	prefix
bijwonen	v	woonde bij – bijgewoond	to attend, to be present at
nabijgelegen	a		located nearby
loopbaan	n	de · mv. loopbanen	career; orbit; racetrack
hardlopen	v	liep hard – hardgelopen	to run fast, race on foot
aankomen	v	kwam aan – aangekomen	to arrive; to depend; to gain weight
aankomst	n	de · mv. aankomsten	arrival
schikken	v	schikte – geschikt	to arrange, to order; to be convenient for (e.g. of an appointment time); to accommodate, to adapt
lastig	a		tough, difficult; cumbersome, gruelling; inconvenient
grootte	n	de · mv. grootten	size
uitdrukking	n	de · mv. uitdrukkingen	expression, act or process of expressing something; expression, saying, idiom
betreffen	v	betrof – betroffen	to concern, to affect
zinsdeel	n	het · mv. zinsdelen	phrase (syntactic unit)
taaluiting	n	de · mv. taaluitingen	utterance
streektaal	n	de · mv. streektalen	regiolect, regional language (used for both dialects and separate languages…
mondeling	a		oral
schriftelijk	a		written
schrift	n	het · mv. schriften	script; notebook; scripture
driehoek	n	de · mv. driehoeken	triangle; a group of coordinating representatives of the executive power (usually…
echter	d		however
bevestigen	v	bevestigde – bevestigd	to fasten, attach; to confirm
vaste	n	de · mv. vasten	single crochet (US sense)
kabel	n	de · mv. kabels	cable; cable television; cable internet
gevuld	a		filled; stuffed
vissersschip	n	het · mv. vissersschepen	fishing ship, large fishing boat
vissersboot	n	de · mv. vissersboten	fishing boat
vissen	v	viste – gevist	to fish, to try to catch fish; to fish (trying to get information)
stookolie	n	de · mv. stookoliën	fuel oil, marine oil, furnace oil, heavy fuel
lekken	v	lekte – gelekt	to leak, be leaky; to leak, illicitly release information
woonboot	n	de · mv. woonboten	houseboat
woon	n	de	domicile, residence, home, abode (place of living); residence, inhabiting (state of residing)
ongeval	n	het · mv. ongevallen	accident
giftig	a		poisonous, venomous, toxic
vergif	n	het · mv. vergiffen	poison
inmiddels	d		meanwhile, in the meantime
ondertussen	d		meanwhile, in the meantime
stabiliseren	v	stabiliseerde – gestabiliseerd	to stabilize (make stable); to stabilize (become stable)
kantelen	v	kantelde – gekanteld	to tip over
graad	n	de · mv. graden	degree; degree of angle
kritiek	a		critical (pertaining to a crisis or pivotal moment)
kritiek	n	de · mv. kritieken	criticism; critique
vruchten	v	vruchtte – gevrucht	to fear
afwerpen	v	wierp af – afgeworpen	to throw off, to cast off; to produce, yield
zichtbaar	a		visible
vlam	n	de · mv. vlammen	flame; love interest, partner
buitenkant	n	de · mv. buitenkanten	the outer side: outside
ontwikkeling	n	de · mv. ontwikkelingen	development
rookontwikkeling	n	de · mv. rookontwikkelingen	cloud of smoke
geleidelijk	a		gradual
berging	n	de · mv. bergingen	rescue, salvage (act of recovering or bringing to safety); storage room, storeroom
bergingsbedrijf	n	het · mv. bergingsbedrijven	nautical salvage business, rescue company, recovery company (for ships)
onderzoeken	v	onderzocht – onderzocht	to investigate; to (do) research
overheid	n	de · mv. overheden	the government, the authorities (the state and its administration;…
bestrijding	n	de · mv. bestrijdingen	suppression, control
bestrijden	v	bestreed – bestreden	to combat, suppress, fight against
onduidelijk	a		unclear; confusing; vague, hazy
blussen	v	bluste – geblust	to extinguish, to put out
vervangen	v	verving – vervangen	to replace, substitute
aardvarken	n	het · mv. aardvarkens	aardvark (Orycteropus afer)
walvis	n	de · mv. walvissen	whale, mammal of the order Cetacea
verrichten	v	verrichtte – verricht	to perform, to carry out
fractie	n	de · mv. fracties	fraction; parliamentary party (all the members in parliament who belong to a given…
omvang	n	de · mv. omvangen	dimension, size, extensiveness, volume, magnitude, scope; ambitus of an instrument, vocal range
onderdeel	n	het · mv. onderdelen	component
exemplaar	n	het · mv. exemplaren	copy (printed edition); sample; instance
geheel	a		whole, entire
geheel	d		entirely
geheel	n	het · mv. gehelen	whole, entirety
ruit	n	de · mv. ruiten	the shape rhombus, an equilateral parallelogram; a lozenge; a diamond
meetkunde	n	de	geometry
dierkunde	n	de	zoology
plantkunde	n	de	botany
aanhanger	n	de · mv. aanhangers	partisan, adherent; trailer (open-roof vehicle towed behind another vehicle)
vertegenwoordigen	v	vertegenwoordigde – vertegenwoordigd	to represent (to stand in the place of, act on behalf of)
volmondig	a		frank
volmondig	d		frankly; whole-heartedly, unconditionally
mondig	a		adult; assertive, empowered
assertief	a		assertive
stemmen	v	stemde – gestemd	to vote (to cast a vote); to adopt by vote; to tune (to the right pitch)
instemmen	v	stemde in – ingestemd	to agree
onderling	a		under each other; mutual, reciprocal
toonhoogte	n	de · mv. toonhoogtes	pitch
akkoord	n	het · mv. akkoorden	chord; agreement, accord
akkoord	i		agreed, okay
regeerakkoord	n	het · mv. regeerakkoorden	coalition agreement
regeren	v	regeerde – geregeerd	to reign, be on the throne with or without political power; to rule, govern
coalitie	n	de · mv. coalities	coalition (government consisting of multiple parties); coalition (military force consisting of various parties)
verwachting	n	de · mv. verwachtingen	expectation; forecast
financiën	n		finances
gezin	n	het · mv. gezinnen	immediate family or nuclear family
aangepast	a		adapted; modified, edited
innemen	v	nam in – ingenomen	to take, swallow (a medicine, (dated also) food and drink); to confiscate; to take (a place, position)
binnenhalen	v	haalde binnen – binnengehaald	to bring in; to download
gijzelaar	n	de · mv. gijzelaars	hostage
orgel	n	het · mv. orgels	organ
eveneens	d		also
feestelijk	a		festive
feesten	v	feestte – gefeest	to party, to celebrate
memorabel	a		memorable
gedenkwaardig	a		memorable, worthy of remembering
gisterenavond	d		yesterday evening, last evening
waardig	a		worthy; stately
afleiden	v	leidde af – afgeleid	to infer, deduce; to derive; to distract
afgeleide	n	de · mv. afgeleides	derivative; fork (of a FOSS project)
integraal	n	de · mv. integralen	integral
integraal	a		integral
grondwoord	n	het · mv. grondwoorden	primitive (word); stem, word stem
gegrond	a		well-founded; justified
grondig	a		thorough
ondergronds	a		underground
zin	n	de · mv. zinnen	meaning, significance; point, the purpose or objective, which makes something meaningful; sentence, phrase
krankzinnig	a		insane
onzin	n	de	nonsense
zinloos	a		pointless, senseless
zinsleer	n	de	syntax (study of syntax)
onzinnig	a		nonsensical; foolish
diepzinnig	a		profound
gedenken	v	gedacht – gedacht	to remember, to commemorate
harden	v	hardde – gehard	to render hard(er), more resistant etc.; to temper metal; to steel nerves
alk	n	de · mv. alken	an auk; a member of the Alcidae; the razorbill (Alca torda)
kluut	n	de · mv. kluten	pied avocet (Recurvirostra avosetta); avocet, any bird of the genus Recurvirostra
kanarie	n	de · mv. kanaries	A canary, a bird of the genus Serinus; Atlantic canary, common canary (Serinus canaria)
miereneter	n	de · mv. miereneters	anteater
antilope	n	de · mv. antilopen	antelope
vleermuis	n	de · mv. vleermuizen	bat, mammal of the order Chiroptera
buffel	n	de · mv. buffels	a buffalo, one of some mammals of the subfamily Bovinae, especially of the…
kameel	n	de · mv. kamelen	camel (Bactrian camel (Camelus bactrianus); animal of the genus Camelus)
jachtluipaard	n	de/het · mv. jachtluipaarden	cheetah (Acinonyx jubatus)
dolfijn	n	de · mv. dolfijnen	dolphin, sea mammal of the family Delphinidae
dolfijn	a		exceptionally amusing, wildly enjoyable
dromedaris	n	de · mv. dromedarissen	dromedary, dromedary camel
gnoe	n	de · mv. gnoes	gnu, wildebeest
nijlpaard	n	het · mv. nijlpaarden	common hippopotamus (Hippopotamus amphibius); hippopotamus, any of the Hippopotamidae
kangoeroe	n	de · mv. kangoeroes	a kangaroo, marsupial of the family Macropodidae
luipaard	n	de/het · mv. luipaarden	leopard, panther (Panthera pardus); leopard
mammoet	n	de · mv. mammoeten	mammoth
zeekoe	n	de · mv. zeekoeien	manatee, marine mannal of the order Sirenia
stokstaartje	n	het · mv. stokstaartjes	meerkat (Suricata suricatta)
moeflon	n	de · mv. moeflons	mouflon
vogelbekdier	n	het · mv. vogelbekdieren	platypus; ornithorhynchid, any member of the family Ornithorhynchidae of platypuses…
ijsbeer	n	de · mv. ijsberen	polar bear (Ursus maritimus)
bunzing	n	de · mv. bunzingen	European polecat (Mustela putorius); any polecat in general
geestdriftig	a		enthusiastic
driftig	a		hot-tempered; passionate
driftkikker	n	de · mv. driftkikkers	hothead (person who is easily angered)
kikker	n	de · mv. kikkers	a frog, relatively smooth amphibian of the order Anura; a cleat (device used for fastening), especially a nautical cleat
bosbes	n	de · mv. bosbessen	a bilberry; a plant of the genus Vaccinium; a bilberry, fruit of a plant in this genus, particularly that of Vaccinium…
perzik	n	de · mv. perziken	a peach tree (Prunus persica); a peach, a fruit of the peach tree, in particular one with a fuzzy skin
appelsien	n	de · mv. appelsienen	orange (fruit)
paars	a		purple
paars	n	het	the colour purple
zedig	a		chaste
afwijken	v	week af – afgeweken	to deviate; to differ
afwijking	n	de · mv. afwijkingen	deviation; anomaly, abnormality
aflopen	v	liep af – afgelopen	to walk down; to incline; to expire
opwelling	n	de · mv. opwellingen	whim, impulse; upwelling, gush
neigen	v	neigde – geneigd	to tend, incline (to show a tendency); to bend down, bow, direct downwards
neiging	n	de · mv. neigingen	tendency, inclination
heftig	a		intense, heavy
veroorzaken	v	veroorzaakte – veroorzaakt	to cause
stichting	n	de · mv. stichtingen	foundation (act of founding); nonprofit, (charitable) foundation
stichten	v	stichtte – gesticht	to found, establish; to cause, allow to occur; to preach
bevorderen	v	bevorderde – bevorderd	to stimulate, to benefit; to promote, to advance
wasbeer	n	de · mv. wasberen	raccoon (carnivore of the genus Procyon)
rendier	n	het · mv. rendieren	reindeer
knaagdier	n	het · mv. knaagdieren	rodent, any member of the order Rodentia
spitsmuis	n	de · mv. spitsmuizen	shrew, laurasiatherian of the family Soricidae
luiaard	n	de · mv. luiaards	a lazy person; a sloth (mammal of the suborder Folivora)
eekhoorn	n	de · mv. eekhoorns	squirrel; red squirrel (Sciurus vulgaris)
tijger	n	de · mv. tijgers	tiger (Panthera tigris); A fast-growing or prosperous, usually Asian economy; usually located in East…
wezel	n	de · mv. wezels	A weasel; any mustelid of genus Mustela; least weasel (Mustela nivalis)
kaaiman	n	de · mv. kaaimannen	caiman
krokodil	n	de · mv. krokodillen	crocodile
hagedis	n	de · mv. hagedissen	lizard, non-snake reptilian of the subclass Squamata, especially of the…
zoogdier	n	het · mv. zoogdieren	mammal, any member of the class Mammalia
amfibie	n	de · mv. amfibieën	amphibian, any member of the class Amphibia
roofvogel	n	de · mv. roofvogels	bird of prey
roerdomp	n	de · mv. roerdompen	great bittern, Eurasian bittern (Botaurus stellaris); bittern (bird of the genus Botaurus)
emoe	n	de · mv. emoes	emu (Dromaius novaehollandiae)
koekoek	n	de · mv. koekoeken	common cuckoo (Cuculus canorus); a cuckoo, any bird of the family Cuculidae; a dormer
koekoek	a		crazy, mad
duiksport	n	de	scuba diving
ontduiken	v	ontdook – ontdoken	to evade
ontduiking	n	de · mv. ontduikingen	evasion
belastingontduiking	n	de · mv. belastingontduikingen	tax evasion
opduiken	v	dook op – opgedoken	to appear, to emerge, to turn up, to show up (usually suddenly after being…; to bring up, to bring to the surface; to unearth, to dig up
bezigheid	n	de · mv. bezigheden	busyness, occupation, activity
schaakstuk	n	het · mv. schaakstukken	chess piece
loper	n	de · mv. lopers	runner; somebody who walks; a carpet
aardkunde	n	de	geology
aardrijkskunde	n	de	geography
delven	v	dolf – gedolven	to delve, dig, excavate
delfstof	n	de · mv. delfstoffen	mineral
delfstofkunde	n	de	mineralogy
Haag	m		a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
kleinkind	n	het · mv. kleinkinderen	grandchild
verkleinwoord	n	het · mv. verkleinwoorden	diminutive
gelijken	v	geleek – geleken	to resemble
hoedanigheid	n	de · mv. hoedanigheden	quality, form, appearance
overtreffen	v	overtrof – overtroffen	to outdo, surpass
vergroten	v	vergrootte – vergroot	to enlarge; to increase
bijouterie	n	de · mv. bijouterieën	a jewellery shop, a jeweller's; jewellery, trinkets
konden	v	kondde – gekond	To announce, proclaim, make known
agoeti	n	de/het · mv. agoeti's	agouti m; color of wild small mammals n
beloega	n	de · mv. beloega's	beluga (Delphinapterus leucas)
bizon	n	de · mv. bizons	bison, bovid of the genus Bison
capibara	n	de · mv. capibara's	capybara (Hydrochoerus hydrochaeris)
zirkonium	n	het	zirconium
cheeta	n	de · mv. cheeta's	cheetah (Acinonyx jubatus)
civetkat	n	de · mv. civetkatten	civet, carnivore of the genera Viverra or Civettictis
beverrat	n	de · mv. beverratten	coypu, member of the family Myocastoridae
doejong	n	de · mv. doejongs	dugong (Dugong dugon)
mierenegel	n	de · mv. mierenegels	echidna, any member of the family Tachyglossidae
hermelijn	n	de · mv. hermelijnen	stoat, ermine (Mustela erminea); ermine; ermine, the white fur of the stoat
damhert	n	het · mv. damherten	fallow deer (Dama dama)
fennek	n	de · mv. fenneks	fennec fox, Vulpes zerda
goudhamster	n	de · mv. goudhamsters	golden hamster (Mesocricetus auratus)
grizzlybeer	n	de · mv. grizzlyberen	grizzly bear (Ursus arctos horribilis)
bultrug	n	de · mv. bultruggen	a humpback whale (Megaptera novaeangliae)
jakhals	n	de · mv. jakhalzen	jackal, one of certain canids of the genus Canis
scheen	n	de · mv. schenen	shin; strip of wood or metal
Carmen	m		a female given name
achtervoegsel	n	het · mv. achtervoegsels	suffix
toevoegen	v	voegde toe – toegevoegd	to add
toevoegsel	n	het · mv. toevoegsels	an addition
verband	n	het · mv. verbanden	a bandage; a link or relation
verhouding	n	de · mv. verhoudingen	proportion; ratio, proportion; relation, connection
verhouden	v	verhield – verhouden	to stand in relation to
koffiepoeder	n	de · mv. koffiepoeders	instant coffee
ette	n	de · mv. etten	judge in Drenthe
boog	n	de · mv. bogen	a bow (ranged weapon); an arc; an arch
poeder	n	het · mv. poeders	powder
koffiehuis	n	het · mv. koffiehuizen	coffeehouse; café
vendu	n	de/het · mv. vendu's	public auction (both abstract and concrete)
raadplegen	v	raadpleegde – geraadpleegd	to consult
overgankelijk	a		transitive
onovergankelijk	a		intransitive
chocolaterie	n	de · mv. chocolaterieën	chocolaterie (chocolade shop); chocolate factory
beschouwen	v	beschouwde – beschouwd	to contemplate; to consider, to regard
behandelen	v	behandelde – behandeld	to handle, to treat; to treat (medically); to deal with, address or discuss as a subject
optreden	v	trad op – opgetreden	to act, perform (for others to view); to appear, to occur
optreden	n	het · mv. optredens	a performance (theatrical or otherwise); behaviour, manner, conduct; an action (een militair optreden)
treden	v	trad – getreden	to tread, step
vervoeging	n	de · mv. vervoegingen	conjugation
Jonkers	m		a surname
legenda	n	de · mv. legenda's	legend (key to symbols and colour codes on a map)
madonna	n	de · mv. madonna's	Madonna, in particular an artistic depiction of Mary with the infant Jesus
protectionist	n	de · mv. protectionisten	protectionist
hede	n	de · mv. hedens	tow, hards
leng	n	de · mv. lengen	common ling (Molva molva)
komodovaraan	n	de · mv. komodovaranen	Komodo dragon
petameter	n	de · mv. petameters	petametre, 10¹⁵ metres
pickles	n	de	piccalilli
apostrof	n	de · mv. apostrofs	apostrophe
Adyghe	m		Adyghe (language)
jojo	n	de · mv. jojo's	yo-yo (toy consisting of a spheroidal or cylindrical spindle having a…; yo-yo (foolish, annoying or incompetent person)
toekomend	a		future
rechtmatig	a		legitimate (according to law); legitimate (just, justified)
voorwaardelijk	a		conditional (pertaining to a condition); probationary; suspended
voorwaarde	n	de · mv. voorwaarden	condition, requirement
bepaling	n	de · mv. bepalingen	definition, description (determination of meaning); condition (determination of possibility); provision
vaststellen	v	stelde vast – vastgesteld	to determine, to ascertain; to set, to establish
besluit	n	het · mv. besluiten	decision (e.g. after consideration of alternatives); determination (to do or follow through with something)
overweging	n	de · mv. overwegingen	consideration, contemplation; contemplative message
gekko	n	de · mv. gekko's	a gecko, legged lizard of the family Gekkonidae or infraorder Gekkota
petrodollar	n	de · mv. petrodollars	petrodollar (dollar earned from oil sales)
poppen	v	popte – gepopt	to play (games etc.) in general; to court and/or have sex; to show off
ju	i		said to a horse to make it start moving
tuit	n	de · mv. tuiten	a spout
nol	n	de · mv. nollen	dune, usually a sandy hill
visse	n	de · mv. vissen	European polecat, Mustela putorius
ontleding	n	de · mv. ontledingen	analysis; parsing
ontleden	v	ontleedde – ontleed	to dismember, to analyze; to parse; to dissect
benaming	n	de · mv. benamingen	denomination, appellation
gesteldheid	n	de · mv. gesteldheden	state, condition
verbuigen	v	verboog – verbogen	to bend (change curvature); to twist (change torsion); to decline
naamval	n	de · mv. naamvallen	case
buigen	v	boog – gebogen	to bend; to bow
regenboog	n	de · mv. regenbogen	rainbow
onweer	n	het · mv. onweren	thunderstorm
stoffelijk	a		material
vrijwel	d		almost
interesse	n	de · mv. interesses	interest (e.g. in a subject)
dilettant	n	de · mv. dilettanten	dilettante; amateur
purist	n	de · mv. puristen	purist
vademecum	n	het · mv. vademecums	vade mecum
grutto	n	de · mv. grutto's	black-tailed godwit. Limosa limosa
gewervelde	n	de · mv. gewervelden	vertebrate, any member of the subphylum Vertebrata
crusher	n	de · mv. crushers	crusher (machine designed to crush rocks)
beul	n	de · mv. beulen	an executioner, torturer, one who carries out executions and other judicial…; a cruel person, in act or sadistic streak
Weimar	m		Weimar (a city in Thuringia, Germany)
gremium	n	het · mv. gremia	assembly, body (organisation, company or other authoritative group)
Marja	m		a female given name
pilaster	n	de · mv. pilasters	pilaster, rectangular half column
booster	n	de · mv. boosters	booster (something that boosts)
cantate	n	de · mv. cantaten	cantata
soutane	n	de · mv. soutanes	cassock
balg	n	de · mv. balgen	leather bag; bellows; fake bait for training birds
dagmars	n	de · mv. dagmarsen	a day's march, a daily march; the distance that can be (typically or ideally) travelled on a day's march
zang	n	de	singing, song
solfège	n	de	solfège
onderhandelaar	n	de · mv. onderhandelaren	negotiator
sleutelen	v	sleutelde – gesleuteld	to tinker, to fix
wijziging	n	de · mv. wijzigingen	modification, edit, change
voorstel	n	het · mv. voorstellen	proposal
voorstel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorstellen
voorstelling	n	de · mv. voorstellingen	show, performance; presentation; notion, idea
ouderdom	n	de · mv. ouderdommen	age, annosity
aanvullen	v	vulde aan – aangevuld	to supplement; to complement, to complete
pensioen	n	het · mv. pensioenen	pension (annuity paid regularly as benefit due to a retired employee)
meebetalen	v	betaalde mee – meebetaald	to pay one's share of the cost
doorwerken	v	werkte door – doorgewerkt	to continue working; to continue to have effect, to lastingly affect
voortgaan	v	ging voort – voortgegaan	to go forth, to progress; to continue
voort	d		forth, forwards
compensatie	n	de · mv. compensaties	compensation
communicant	n	de · mv. communicanten	a communicant, one receiving Holy Communion
amper	d		scarcely, barely
amper	a		sour
appeltaart	n	de · mv. appeltaarten	apple pie, apple tart
concealer	n	de · mv. concealers	concealer (cosmetic designed to cover blemishes)
geoloog	n	de · mv. geologen	geologist (person skilled at geology)
punker	n	de · mv. punkers	punk (a fan of punk rock, member of the punk subculture); (by extension)…
viroloog	n	de · mv. virologen	virologist
quotiënt	n	het · mv. quotiënten	quotient
verloop	n	het	course (development); process; gradual narrowing
gezamenlijk	a		all; joint, shared
gemeenschappelijk	a		common, mutual
geslachtsgemeenschap	n	de	sexual intercourse
ploeg	n	de · mv. ploegen	plough; team; crew
ministersploeg	n	de · mv. ministersploegen	parliamentary cabinet
samenstellen	v	stelde samen – samengesteld	to compose, to make up, to form; to compile, to put together
stel	n	het · mv. stellen	couple, pair; group, set, collection; a couple (of), a few
verschijnen	v	verscheen – verschenen	to appear, show up; to be published
mijden	v	meed – gemeden	to avoid
opkomst	n	de · mv. opkomsten	rise (of the sun or moon); turnout, attendance
ondergang	n	de · mv. ondergangen	the setting (of the sun or moon); downfall, ruination
bezit	n	het	possession; possession, belonging; assets
uitbrengen	v	bracht uit – uitgebracht	to bring out – e.g. the vote; to release – e.g. a record; to utter – e.g. a word
polyeder	n	de · mv. polyeders	polyhedron
zonsopgang	n	de · mv. zonsopgangen	sunrise
opgang	n	de · mv. opgangen	rising of a heavenly body (such as the sun or moon); rising (of a country's or a person's power); staircase
zonsopkomst	n	de · mv. zonsopkomsten	sunrise
zonsondergang	n	de · mv. zonsondergangen	sunset
maansondergang	n	de · mv. maansondergangen	moonset
maansopkomst	n	de · mv. maansopkomsten	moonrise
maansopgang	n	de · mv. maansopgangen	moonrise
vloeibaar	a		liquid (capable of flowing, and neither solid nor gaseous)
gasvormig	a		gaseous (i.e. in the gaseous state)
kunstmaan	n	de · mv. kunstmanen	artificial satellite
kunstmatig	a		artificial
kunststof	n	de · mv. kunststoffen	synthetic material; any material made artificially, through chemical means; plastic
zwaarte	n	de · mv. zwaartes	heaviness
zwaartekracht	n	de	force of gravity: gravitation
succesvol	a		successful
ruimtevaart	n	de	space travel
scheepvaart	n	de	shipping, navigation
scheep	d		aboard
afhankelijk	a		dependent (on other for help or support); depending (on circumstances in order to become determined)
verontreiniging	n	de · mv. verontreinigingen	pollution
verontreinigen	v	verontreinigde – verontreinigd	to pollute
reinigen	v	reinigde – gereinigd	to clean
rederij	n	de · mv. rederijen	shipping company
reder	n	de · mv. reders	shipowner, executive of a shipping business
brouwerij	n	de · mv. brouwerijen	brewery
brouwer	n	de · mv. brouwers	brewer
milieuverontreiniging	n	de · mv. milieuverontreinigingen	environmental pollution
welvaart	n	de	welfare, prosperity
welvaart	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of welvaren
verschijnsel	n	het · mv. verschijnselen	phenomenon; symptom
welzijn	n	het	well-being
nederlaag	n	de · mv. nederlagen	defeat
prisma	n	het · mv. prismata	prism
promille	n	het · mv. promilles	permille
asbest	n	het	asbestos
congregationalist	n	de · mv. congregationalisten	Congregationalist
paria	n	de · mv. paria's	pariah
programma	n	het · mv. programma's	program
opaal	n	het	opal (a mineral consisting, like quartz, of silica, but inferior to quartz…; opal, a stone made of the above mineral
topaas	n	het	topaz; topaz (gemstone)
loos	a		blank, empty; idle; amiss, wrong, problematic
kosmos	n	de	cosmos (universe)
convergent	a		convergent
bolero	n	de · mv. bolero's	bolero (dance); music accompanying this dance; bolero (jacket)
claxon	n	de · mv. claxons	horn (especially on a motor vehicle)
concept	n	het · mv. concepten	concept; draft, sketch
Shetlands	a		of the Shetland Islands; Shetlandic; of the Shetlandic language
Shetlands	m		Shetlandic, the language spoken in the Shetland Islands
Ella	m		a female given name
bami	n	de	bakmi, wheat noodles
behaviorist	n	de · mv. behavioristen	behaviorist
bedel	n	de · mv. bedels	a charm (small trinket or pendant on a bracelet or necklace); the practice of begging, mendicancy
uitgeven	v	gaf uit – uitgegeven	to spend; to publish
uitkiezen	v	koos uit – uitgekozen	to select
gooien	v	gooide – gegooid	to throw
opletten	v	lette op – opgelet	to pay attention
commies	n	de · mv. commiezen	supervising official
bacterie	n	de · mv. bacteriën	bacterium, any member of the domain Bacteria
wegge	n	de · mv. weggen	wedge; a wedge-shaped object, like a bread; wheat bread, often a special type of bread, with great regional differences…
baken	n	het · mv. bakens	beacon
gei	n	de · mv. geien	A rope used to furl a sail; reef (of a sail)
gei	a		frisky, frolic, merry
milliohm	n	de/het · mv. milliohms	milliohm: one thousands of an ohms
analogie	n	de · mv. analogieën	analogy
informatica	n	de	the discipline computer science, information science, informatics, study of…
maaien	v	maaide – gemaaid	to mow
baai	n	de · mv. baaien	bay; baize; wine (in recent texts only used of red wine, and in earlier texts also of…
kraai	n	de · mv. kraaien	one of certain related birds of the genus Corvus or of the family Corvidae; synonym of zwarte kraai (“carrion crow (Corvus corone)”); a person dressed in black
kraaien	v	kraaide – gekraaid	to crow, make to sound of roosters and certain other birds; to talk or cry affirmatively, in triumph, frolicking etc
beertje	n	het · mv. beertjes	a male guinea pig, Cavia porcellus; a pile of flat brick layers
hooi	n	het	hay (dried grass)
couveuse	n	de · mv. couveuses	An incubator, especially for sick or preterm infants
doei	i		bye, goodbye
roeien	v	roeide – geroeid	to row (with oars)
beschermer	n	de · mv. beschermers	protector, guardian
verstoten	v	verstootte – verstoten	to repudiate, to reject, to expel; to disown
stoten	v	stootte – gestoten	to push; to shock or to shake
verzorger	n	de · mv. verzorgers	caretaker (e.g. of animals in a zoo)
verzorgen	v	verzorgde – verzorgd	to take care of, to look after, to nurse; to provide (a service), to supply
knuffelen	v	knuffelde – geknuffeld	to cuddle, hug
opvoeding	n	de	upbringing, education (upbringing in home rather than school education)
opvoeden	v	voedde op – opgevoed	to raise, to bring up (a child)
storen	v	stoorde – gestoord	to disturb, to bother; to interfere with, to cause interference
gestoord	a		deranged, disturbed, crazy, mad
beteren	v	beterde – gebeterd	to improve, to become/make better; to tar, to cover with tar
rechter	n	de · mv. rechters	judge
rechter	a		right (not left)
prooi	n	de · mv. prooien	prey, catch
meeuw	n	de · mv. meeuwen	a seagull, seabird of the family Laridae
kieuw	n	de · mv. kieuwen	gill
doodgeboren	a		stillborn
aldus	d		thus, so; thus said (someone), according to (someone), quoth
overlijden	v	overleed – overleden	to die
handmatig	a		manual
handmatig	d		manually
buitengewoon	a		extraordinary
buitengewoon	d		extraordinarily, extremely, very (used as an intensifier)
alweer	d		once again, once more; already, already again
voeg	n	de · mv. voegen	junction, joint
vertakken	v	vertakte – vertakt	to branch off
vertakking	n	de · mv. vertakkingen	branch (something that branches from something else); branching (the act or state of branching from something else or splitting…
barsten	v	barstte – gebarsten	to burst, split completely; to crack, break partially; to suffer and/or break under emotional pressure
opleveren	v	leverde op – opgeleverd	to produce; to result
leveren	v	leverde – geleverd	to supply; to deliver
krachtens	p		under, according to
overeenkomst	n	de · mv. overeenkomsten	similarity; agreement; contract
werknemer	n	de · mv. werknemers	an employee
werkgever	n	de · mv. werkgevers	an employer
wegwerken	v	werkte weg – weggewerkt	to eliminate, get rid of
slepen	v	sleepte – gesleept	to drag, tow; to slide
engobe	n	de · mv. engobes	engobe
insigne	n	het · mv. insignes	an insignia, a badge
touw	n	het · mv. touwen	rope; string
kaan	n		a small boat used on inland waters
stabilisator	n	de · mv. stabilisatoren	stabilizer (something that brings stability)
wezen	v		synonym of zijn
wezen	n	het · mv. wezens	a being, creature; system, sector, institution (in an abstract sense); the essence of something
uitstekend	a		outstanding, excellent
uitsteken	v	stak uit – uitgestoken	to stick out, stand out, protrude; to poke out, put out, gouge
tachtig	u		eighty
negentig	u		ninety
downloaden	v	downloadde – gedownload	to download
materialist	n	de · mv. materialisten	materialist (one who believes that only matters exists); materialist (pursuer of money or possessions)
alkyn	n	de · mv. alkynen	alkyne
pronaos	n	de · mv. pronaoi	pronaos
psychiatrie	n	de	psychiatry
meteorologie	n	de	meteorology
gepard	n	de · mv. gepards	cheetah (Acinonyx jubatus)
Ruben	m		Reuben (Biblical/mythical character; Biblical tribe); a male given name from Hebrew
jongleur	n	de · mv. jongleurs	a juggler
akker	n	de · mv. akkers	agricultural field (field on which crops are grown)
pols	n	de · mv. polsen	wrist
zog	n	het	mother's milk; suction, wake
biologie	n	de	biology (science of living matter)
rui	n	de · mv. ruien	moat, canal (in a city); creek, ditch; molt (of feathers, fur)
riant	a		lavish, splendid, spacious, luxurious; decisive, overwhelming, convincing
ratel	n	de · mv. ratels	ratchet, rattle; ratchet (tool or mechanism); socket wrench
geeuwen	v	geeuwde – gegeeuwd	to yawn
geeuw	n	de · mv. geeuwen	yawn
unicum	n	het · mv. unica	unicum
hoorn	n	de · mv. hoornen	a horn (sound device) or a bugle; a horn (growth projecting from the head of some animals); a receiver, an earphone
ravijn	n	het · mv. ravijnen	ravine
beek	n	de · mv. beken	brook, creek (running waterway smaller than a river)
afgrond	n	de · mv. afgronden	abyss
bijl	n	de · mv. bijlen	axe
goot	n	de · mv. goten	gutter
stikstof	n	de	nitrogen
stok	n	de · mv. stokken	stick, natural (wood) or artificial; cane; deck, stock (set of playing cards)
linker	a		left
tof	a		cool (objects); nice (persons); tough, difficult, harsh
tof	i		great!
banga	n	de · mv. banga's	slut (promiscuous woman)
geheim	n	het · mv. geheimen	secret
geheim	a		secret
geheim	d		secretly
heng	n	de · mv. hengen	moving leaf of a hinge, affixed to the moving part
brander	n	de · mv. branders	a receptacle in which a fuel or candle is placed to be burnt; blowtorch; fireship
hakken	v	hakte – gehakt	to hack, chop; to dance in a style originating from the Dutch hardcore or gabber scene
hakken	n	het	a style of dance originating from the Dutch hardcore and gabber scene
instinkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of instinken
Jehova	m		Jehovah (name for God derived from vocalisation of the Tetragrammaton)
calvados	n	de · mv. calvadossen	calvados
narwal	n	de · mv. narwals	narwhal, Monodon monoceros
potvis	n	de · mv. potvissen	sperm whale (Physeter catodon syn. Physeter macrocephalus); sperm whale, any member of the family Physeteridae, including the above and…
buizerd	n	de · mv. buizerds	common buzzard (Buteo buteo); A buzzard, any bird of prey of the genus Buteo
ervaring	n	de · mv. ervaringen	experience (act of experiencing, something that is experienced); experience (skill)
misdaad	n	de · mv. misdaden	felony
jackfruit	n	de · mv. jackfruits	jackfruit (a tree, Artocarpus heterophyllus, of the Moraceae family, which…; jackfruit (the large fruit from this tree)
mojito	n	de · mv. mojito's	mojito
gordeldier	n	het · mv. gordeldieren	armadillo
chimpansee	n	de · mv. chimpansees	chimpanzee, member of the genus Pan
boei	n	de · mv. boeien	buoy; shackle
Henoch	m		Enoch (Biblical character); title of three apocrypha
seksen	v	sekste – gesekst	to determine the gender (of young animals); to have sex
gilet	n	het · mv. gilets	waistcoat, vest
kluis	n	de · mv. kluizen	a safe; a cashbox; a locker
kompas	n	het · mv. kompassen	compass (navigational compass)
gobelin	n	de/het · mv. gobelins	Gobelin, a rich, textured type of hand-stitched tapestry, fit to decorate a wall; a similar industrial fabric, used to cover furniture etc
sluis	n	de · mv. sluizen	sluice, lock
slurf	n	de · mv. slurven	trunk (extended nasal organ of certain animals, like the elephant); penis, dick; jet bridge
doodstraffen	v	doodstrafte – gedoodstraft	to execute, to kill to conclude a death penalty
klauw	n	de · mv. klauwen	an animal's claw; a human hand; a tool resembling a claw
mouw	n	de · mv. mouwen	sleeve
spreeuw	n	de · mv. spreeuwen	common starling (Sturnus vulgaris, individually or specifically); starling (passerine bird of the family Sturnidae)
havik	n	de · mv. haviken	A hawk, a small bird of the family Accipitridae, especially of the genus…; northern goshawk (Astur gentilis); A hawk, someone with aggressive or extreme views in (foreign) politics
krans	n	de · mv. kransen	wreath
pinguïn	n	de · mv. pinguïns	penguin (a flightless seabird of the order Sphenisciformes)
ijsvogel	n	de · mv. ijsvogels	common kingfisher (Alcedo atthis); kingfisher, any bird of the Alcedinidae
Karel	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Charles
immigrante	n	de · mv. immigranten	female immigrant
hek	n	het · mv. hekken	fence; stern
Sanaa	m		Sanaa (the capital and largest city of Yemen)
Carmel	m		a neighbourhood of Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
gok	n	de · mv. gokken	gamble, guess; hooter, schnozzle (nose, esp. if big)
klem	n	de · mv. klemmen	clamp
klem	a		stuck
bizar	a		bizarre
prut	i		Sound of a thick, almost-solid substance; cheers
prut	n	de	gunk, mud; slush (of snow); mash, stew, porridge
gehucht	n	het · mv. gehuchten	hamlet; a tiny settlement, often without a church
Linie	m		a neighbourhood of Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
federalist	n	de · mv. federalisten	federalist
C4	n	het	(Belgium) dismissal (especially in semi-set phrases such as "C4 krijgen" and…
Koks	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
nadenken	v	dacht na – nagedacht	to ponder, reflect upon or think about something, muse, get lost in thought
trompet	n	de · mv. trompetten	trumpet
anatomie	n	de	anatomy
ooi	n	de · mv. ooien	ewe
hausse	n	de · mv. hausses	economic bubble; hype
annuel	n	de · mv. annuellen	synonym of therofyt
boulanger	n	de · mv. boulangers	Solanum melongena; eggplant, aubergine
herder	n	de · mv. herders	a herdsman, herd, herder of a flock of animals; a pastoral (clerical) guide; a sheepdog
globalist	n	de · mv. globalisten	globalist
volte	n	de · mv. voltes	turning (of a horse in a circular movement, or in dancing); fullness
klarinet	n	de · mv. klarinetten	clarinet (woodwind musical instrument)
tast	n	de	touch (tactile sense)
plak	n	de · mv. plakken	a slice, rasher (of bacon or cheese), slab (of chocolate); a medal; a specific coin
carbonzuur	n	het · mv. carbonzuren	carboxyl group; carboxylic acid
bodemloos	a		bottomless
bovenvermeld	a		synonym of bovengenoemd
duik	n	de · mv. duiken	dive, the act of diving into the water; dive, swimming under water; deliberate jump or fall to the floor
theanine	n	de	[[]]theanine
etui	n	het · mv. etuis	an étui; a case or sturdy bag for storing one or more small objects,…
inval	n	de · mv. invallen	inspiration, brain wave; bust, raid; incursion, invasion
inval	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of invallen
hom	n	de · mv. hommen	milt (fish semen)
tyfus	n	de	term used for typhus and typhoid fever
tyfus	i		shit! damn!
Ida	m		a female given name
smarten	v	smartte – gesmart	to grieve, inflict suffering
achthoek	n	de · mv. achthoeken	octagon
Numeri	m		Numbers (book of the Hebrew Bible)
seizoen	n	het · mv. seizoenen	a season, major part of the year; a season, term or period used for a certain activity or when something occurs
opat	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opeten
schok	n	de · mv. schokken	shock
onmiddellijk	a		immediate, instant
onmiddellijk	d		immediately, instantly
landman	n	de · mv. landmannen	farmer, peasant, rustic
Pyramide	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
stengel	n	de · mv. stengels	stalk
moralist	n	de · mv. moralisten	moralist
monseigneur	n	de · mv. monseigneurs	monsignor
kurkuma	n	de	turmeric (spice)
filmmaker	n	de · mv. filmmakers	filmmaker
technologie	n	de · mv. technologieën	technology
couvert	n	het · mv. couverts	cutlery, silverware; envelope
muesli	n	de · mv. muesli's	a breakfast and snack granola food; mixed food for herbivores
milord	n	de · mv. milorden	a horse-drawn car with a raised seat for the driver
fotocamera	n	de · mv. fotocamera's	photography camera
orchis	n	de · mv. orchissen	orchid (plant of the family Orchidaceae)
chauvinisme	n	het	chauvinism
statica	n	de	statics
ouverture	n		overture
estaminet	n	het · mv. estaminets	small café or inn
rokken	n	de/het · mv. rokkens	distaff, rock
skaten	v	skatete – geskatet	to skate (especially with in-line skates or a skateboard)
Lula	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
kabinet	n	het · mv. kabinetten	cabinet (piece of furniture); cabinet (national administration, government); a high official's staff of close collaborators
kapitalist	n	de · mv. kapitalisten	capitalist
mathematica	n	de	mathematics
fase	n	de · mv. fasen	phase, stage; phase (of a wave); phase, state of matter
Nico	m		a male given name
Westfalen	m		Westphalia (a region in northwestern Germany)
automat	n	de · mv. automatten	car mat
smid	n	de · mv. smeden	a smith, who forges metal; the tree frog species Boana faber, whose call resounds like a smith's hammer…
kinofilm	n	de · mv. kinofilms	movie, motion picture
prak	n	de · mv. prakken	A portion of food that has been mashed, generally using a fork
offerte	n	de · mv. offertes	quotation (naming of a price)
alternativo	n	de · mv. alternativo's	someone who participates in an alternative subculture (e.g. a hipster, emo…
proband	n	de · mv. probanden	proband (subject of a genealogical study)
triolet	n	de/het · mv. trioletten	triolet
raat	n	de · mv. raten	honeycomb
corvee	n	de/het	household chores, especially at a camp or barracks
pornografie	n	de	pornography
opponent	n	de · mv. opponenten	opponent
tangens	n	de · mv. tangensen	tangent (trigonometrical function)
spion	n	de · mv. spionnen	spy, person who secretly gathers information; a dog breed for the partridge hunt; peephole
colonne	n	de · mv. colonnes	column; column, pillar, sile
demagogie	n	de · mv. demagogieën	demagoguery
papegaai	n	de · mv. papegaaien	parrot, member of the order Psittaciformes, especially of the families…; a person who parrots other people
albe	n	de · mv. alben	alb
laborant	n	de · mv. laboranten	lab assistant, somebody who assists in a laboratory
vitamine	n	de · mv. vitaminen	vitamin (organic compound essential to human health)
klauwier	n	de · mv. klauwieren	shrike, butcherbird, bird of the family Laniidae
zwaluw	n	de · mv. zwaluwen	a swallow, bird of the family Hirundinidae
delving	n	de · mv. delvingen	digging, excavation
homoniem	n	het · mv. homoniemen	homonym
Papaya	m		a village in Aruba
Assel	m		a hamlet in Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
pul	n	de · mv. pullen	tankard; duckling, or, more broadly, any young bird
proces	n	het · mv. processen	a process, sequential proceeding; a trial, court case, lawsuit
spray	n	de · mv. sprays	spray (liquid commercial product sold in a spray container)
tosti	n	de · mv. tosti's	a toasted sandwich containing cheese, usually ham and optionally other…
novum	n	het · mv. nova	a novelty, a novum
biomassa	n	de	biomass (total mass of living things); biomass (vegetation or other organic matter used as fuel)
formalist	n	de · mv. formalisten	formalist
astrologie	n	de	astrology
fucken	v	fuckte – gefuckt	to fuck, fuck with (to mess with someone); Used to express great displeasure with, or contemptuous dismissal of,…
zinvol	a		meaningful, useful; sensible, making sense
inderdaad	d		indeed
farmacie	n	de · mv. farmacieën	pharmacy (cross-discipline of medicine and chemistry)
extern	a		external; exterior
smuilen	v	smuilde – gesmuild	to smile
verloving	n	de · mv. verlovingen	engagement (before marrying)
genetica	n	de	genetics
allergie	n	de · mv. allergieën	allergy (disorder of the immune system)
ene	r		one (contrasting with another)
ene	t		one, a certain (followed by a name, possibly with a title or honorific); one, specific; one, single
ene	u		a-one; alternative form of een (“one”), used when counting rhythmically
dynamisch	a		dynamic
lorgnon	n	de · mv. lorgnons	monocle
Irma	m		a female given name
agnosticisme	n	het	agnosticism
slinks	a		sneaky, underhanded, sly
fissa	n	de · mv. fissa's	party
larve	n	de · mv. larven	grub, larva (juvenile stage of metabolous insects)
alzo	c		so, consequently, thus
utopie	n	de · mv. utopieën	Utopia, imaginary society in perfect harmony; utopia, unattainable ideal; illusion, delusion
antenne	n	de · mv. antennes	antenna (feeler organ on the head of an insect); antenna (device to receive or transmit radio signals)
materie	n	de · mv. materiën	matter
fotografie	n	de · mv. fotografieën	photography
glorie	n	de · mv. glories	glory, great beauty, renown or splendour
chirurgie	n	de · mv. chirurgies	surgery; a medical operation; surgery (branch of medicine)
colli	n	het · mv. colli's	parcel, package
operette	n	de · mv. operettes	operetta, comic opera (light-hearted opera with spoken sections)
ecologie	n	de · mv. ecologieën	ecology, (the study of) the way species and oher factors interact within a…
economie	n	de · mv. economieën	economics; economy
geografie	n	de · mv. geografieën	geography (study of physical structure and inhabitants of the Earth)
industrie	n	de · mv. industrieën	an industry, business(es) that produce(s) goods or services
tragedie	n	de · mv. tragediën	tragedy
ischemie	n	de · mv. ischemieën	ischaemia, ischemia (local anaemia)
regie	n	de · mv. regies	production, creative management (of a film, theatre work or other creative work); the management, being in charge
novene	n	de · mv. novenen	a novena
valuta	n	de · mv. valuta's	currency (money or other item used to facilitate transactions)
uitschakelen	v	schakelde uit – uitgeschakeld	to switch off, to turn off, to disable (to put a device out of action or…; to disable, to eliminate (in a contest or battle)
bewust	a		conscious, aware; deliberate; in question, very
bewust	d		deliberately
fint	n	de · mv. finten	a wile, a trick, a feint; the twait shad, Alosa fallax
tros	n	de · mv. trossen	raceme; cluster, bunch, string (of berries) (of fruit); hawser
Ina	m		a female given name
arterie	n	de · mv. arteriën	synonym of slagader (“artery”)
autopsie	n	de · mv. autopsies	dissection, autopsy
aspirine	n	de · mv. aspirines	aspirin; any tranquilizer; any painkiller
ideologie	n	de · mv. ideologieën	ideology (doctrine, body of ideas)
manco	n	het · mv. manco's	shortage, deficit
geologie	n	de · mv. geologieën	geology (academic discipline studying the structure of the earth or other…; geology (geological structure of a region)
autonomie	n	de	autonomy
glosse	n	de · mv. glossen	gloss, margin note
archeologie	n	de	archaeology
filosofie	n	de · mv. filosofieën	philosophy
categorie	n	de · mv. categorieën	category (defined group)
radioastronomie	n	de	radio astronomy
autostrade	n	de · mv. autostrades	highway, motorway
assemblee	n	de · mv. assemblees	assembly, council (legislative or executive body)
morfologie	n	de	morphology
tetralogie	n	de · mv. tetralogieën	tetralogy ((book) series consisting of four parts)
tetrarchie	n	de · mv. tetrarchieën	tetrarchy
compagnie	n	de · mv. compagnies	a company, partnership; a sub-division of a battalion
periferie	n	de · mv. periferieën	periphery
particulier	a		private
particulier	n	de · mv. particulieren	private individual
demografie	n	de · mv. demografieën	demography (study of human populations)
biografie	n	de · mv. biografieën	biography
entropie	n	de · mv. entropieën	entropy (quantity indicating the number of possible microstates)
insuline	n	de	insulin
entomologie	n	de	entomology
helderziendheid	n	de	clairvoyance
ironie	n	de · mv. ironieën	irony
diarree	n	de · mv. diarreeën	diarrhea
monogamie	n	de	monogamy, marriage with only one partner at a time; monogamy, the practice of having only one partner at a time
dermatologie	n	de	dermatology
cardiologie	n	de	cardiology
oncologie	n	de · mv. oncologieën	oncology (study of cancer; therapy against cancer)
neurologie	n	de	neurology
geriatrie	n	de	geriatrics
neonatologie	n	de	neonatology
circumfix	n	het · mv. circumfixen	circumfix
kamfer	n	de	camphor
klam	a		clammy, damp, dank, moist and cool
tonsillectomie	n	de · mv. tonsillectomieën	tonsillectomy
motivering	n	de · mv. motiveringen	justification
regio	n	de · mv. regio's	region
Lola	m		a female given name from Spanish
baret	n	de · mv. baretten	a beret, type of cap, also used as part some military uniforms; the same in heraldry
driest	a		bold, reckless
fiasco	n	het · mv. fiasco's	fiasco, debacle
nefrologie	n	de	nephrology
ouders	a		synonym of bejaard (“elderly”)
zink	n	het	zinc
humaan	a		humane (with regard for the health and well-being of another; compassionate)
aritmetica	n	de	arithmetic
ypsilon	n	de · mv. ypsilons	upsilon
invalide	n	de · mv. invaliden	a disabled or handicapped person, an invalid
invalide	a		disabled, handicapped
laks	a		lax (lacking care, negligent); lax (not strict)
morbide	a		morbid
passiva	n		liabilities
rotonde	n	de · mv. rotondes	a roundabout (road junction at which traffic streams circularly around a…
sani	n	de · mv. sani's	thing
solide	a		solid, secure; reliable, trustworthy
autoradio	n	de · mv. autoradio's	car radio
epidemie	n	de · mv. epidemieën	epidemic
epidemiologie	n	de	epidemiology
jaspis	n	de · mv. jaspissen	jasper (form of quartz)
triller	n	de · mv. trillers	trill
presenning	n	de · mv. presenningen	tarpaulin
luit	n	de · mv. luiten	lute; lieutenant
lori	n	de · mv. lori's	a lory, fig parrot, used for certain parrots of the subfamily Loriinae; a loris, a primate of the subfamily Lorisinae
slib	n	het	silt, mud or earth deposit; sediment
carga	n	de · mv. carga's	cargo
pellen	v	pelde – gepeld	to peel
morsen	v	morste – gemorst	to spill, drop something, especially mindlessly and/or so that it spreads out; to be dirty or be occupied with soil, make a mess
vapen	v	vapete – gevapet	to vape (to inhale the vapour of an electronic cigarette)
Chantal	m		a female given name from French
zambo	n	de · mv. zambo's	Zambo, Afro-Indian, someone of half African and half indigenous American…
necrose	n	de · mv. necroses	necrosis, localized death of cells or living tissue
malacologie	n	de	malacology (study of molluscs)
chirurg	n	de · mv. chirurgen	surgeon
logica	n	de	logic
aja	n	de · mv. aja's	ayah, verse of the Qur'an
coaching	n	de	coaching
bevelen	v	beval – bevolen	to order, to command
gebouw	n	het · mv. gebouwen	building, structure, construction
feliciteren	v	feliciteerde – gefeliciteerd	to congratulate
koninkrijk	n	het · mv. koninkrijken	kingdom; relating to the quasi-federal structure of the Kingdom of the Netherlands;…
kapper	n	de · mv. kappers	barber, hairdresser; caper bush (Capparis spinosa); caper
nomade	n	de · mv. nomaden	nomad
gefeliciteerd	i		congratulations!
felicitatie	n	de · mv. felicitaties	congratulation
bagger	n	de	mud, dredge, dirt; filth, muck, any mucky or dirty substance (such as dredge); junk, crap, stuff (substandard objects)
bagger	a		crap, terrible, bleh
rugzak	n	de · mv. rugzakken	rucksack, backpack; a troubled private life (past or present)
dries	n	de · mv. driezen	fallow, fallow land
Warschau	m		Warsaw (the capital city of Poland)
Krakau	m		Krakow (a city on the Vistula River, the capital of the Lesser Poland…
München	m		Munich (the capital and largest city of Bavaria, Germany)
Hessen	m		Hesse (state in Germany)
regenen	v	regende – geregend	to rain, to precipitate; to accumulate in large amounts, as though by rain; to pour down, to fall out of the sky in large amounts
substantief	n	het · mv. substantieven	substantive, noun
adjectief	n	het · mv. adjectieven	adjective
sos	n	de · mv. sossen	socialist; synonym of cocaïne
rekel	n	de · mv. rekels	insolent person
collaborateur	n	de · mv. collaborateurs	one who collaborates or has collaborated with the Nazis, fascists or another…
retorica	n	de · mv. retorica's	rhetoric; the particular angle or line of reasoning adopted in a text, speech, or…
grijpen	v	greep – gegrepen	to grab
fluiten	v	floot – gefloten	to whistle; to make any similar sound, as a passing bullet; to referee
zwerven	v	zwierf – gezworven	to wander, to roam
maina	n	de · mv. maina's	a myna (bird)
liturgie	n	de · mv. liturgieën	a liturgy, predetermined or prescribed set of (religious) rituals and…; a liturgy, a booklet with details about the songs sung and texts read in a…; a liturgy, Ancient Greek service to the public interest
Desiree	m		a female given name
Eveline	m		a female given name from the Germanic languages
schuiven	v	schoof – geschoven	to slide; to shove; to yield, make money, to earn money (for someone)
Juliana	m		a female given name
knijpen	v	kneep – geknepen	to pinch, to squeeze
scontro	n	de · mv. scontros	debit and credit side of a balance sheet
heffen	v	hief – geheven	to raise, lift, heave; to levy (a tax or toll)
buit	n	de	the spoil, booty taken by violence, as in war; the loot, fruits of crime; a hunter's prey
melodie	n	de · mv. melodieën	melody (sequence of notes that makes up a major musical phrase)
Janine	m		a female given name from French
apokoinou	n	de · mv. apokoinous	apokoinou (rhetorical device)
Curaçao	m		Curaçao (an island and constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands…
metta	n	de	the Buddhist practice of lovingkindness towards others; maitrī or metta
bediende	n	de · mv. bedienden	servant, low-ranking employee (any gender); maid
werktuig	n	het · mv. werktuigen	tool
samengesteld	a		compound; composed
toestel	n	het · mv. toestellen	device, appliance; apparatus; aircraft, airplane
bestelling	n	de · mv. bestellingen	order (request for some product or service; a commission to purchase, sell,…
thuisbezorgen	v	bezorgde thuis – thuisbezorgd	to deliver (e.g. ordered food) to someone's home
kostbaar	a		valuable, precious
bamboe	n	het · mv. bamboes	bamboo
bloeien	v	bloeide – gebloeid	to blossom, to bear flowers; to grow, develop; to flourish, prosper
bedienen	v	bediende – bediend	to be of assistance to, to serve; to serve (at a restaurant); to operate (a device)
toedienen	v	diende toe – toegediend	to administer
klerk	n	de · mv. klerken	clerk
Dijkstra	m		a surname
Lenstra	m		a surname
verwijzen	v	verwees – verwezen	to refer (to)
afbeelden	v	beeldde af – afgebeeld	to portray, to depict, to represent
indeling	n	de · mv. indelingen	classification; arrangement, layout
indelen	v	deelde in – ingedeeld	to classify
beven	v	beefde – gebeefd	to shake, to shiver, to tremble
beving	n	de · mv. bevingen	tremor
beoordelen	v	beoordeelde – beoordeeld	to evaluate, to assess, to judge
inslag	n	de · mv. inslagen	physical impact; woof, weft – which is woven crosswise through the warp; disposition, character
sterkte	n	de · mv. sterkten	strength; optical power, refractive power
sterkte	i		expression used to wish someone the strength to persevere whatever hardship…; good luck
versterken	v	versterkte – versterkt	to strengthen; to reinforce, to strengthen; to amplify
sterken	v	sterkte – gesterkt	to fortify; to encourage, to give strength to
ondiep	a		shallow
zijde	n	de · mv. zijden	side, face (of an object); silk
naamloos	a		nameless, anonymous
vennootschap	n	de · mv. vennootschappen	company, partnership
vennoot	n	de · mv. vennoten	partner (in a business venture)
schelp	n	de · mv. schelpen	shell (e.g. of a mollusk)
zeeschelp	n	de · mv. zeeschelpen	seashell
eetbaar	a		edible, fit for consumption
hartschelp	n	de · mv. hartschelpen	cockle
kokkel	n	de · mv. kokkels	edible cockle
schelpdier	n	het · mv. schelpdieren	shellfish
Fins	a		Finnish
Fins	m		Finnish (language)
Zweeds	a		Swedish
Zweeds	m		Swedish (language)
Française	n	de · mv. Françaises	a Frenchwoman
Grieks	a		Greek, Grecian
Grieks	m		Greek (language)
Hongaars	a		Hungarian
Hongaars	m		Hungarian (language)
Iers	a		Irish
Iers	m		Irish (language)
Deens	a		Danish (pertaining to Denmark or Danes)
Deens	m		the Danish language
Tsjechisch	a		Czech
Tsjechisch	m		Czech (language)
Bulgaars	a		Bulgarian
Bulgaars	m		Bulgarian (language)
Lets	a		Latvian
Lets	m		Latvian (language)
Litouws	a		Lithuanian
Litouws	m		Lithuanian (language)
Maltees	a		Maltese
Maltees	n	de · mv. Maltezen	Maltese (person from Malta)
Maltees	m		Maltese (language)
Portugees	a		Portuguese
Portugees	n	de · mv. Portugezen	a Portuguese man
Portugees	m		Portuguese (language)
Roemeens	a		Romanian
Roemeens	m		Romanian (language)
Romeins	a		Roman
Romaans	a		Romance (of the language family); dated spelling of romaans
Romaans	m		Romance (language family)
Slowaaks	a		Slovak, Slovakian
Slowaaks	m		Slovak (language)
Sloveens	a		Slovene, Slovenian
Sloveens	m		Slovene (language)
westers	a		western, Western
doods	a		dead, lacking life, having a dead appearance
Brits	a		British
kolos	n	de · mv. kolossen	colossus
diepte	n	de · mv. diepten	depth (quality of being deep); depth (a deep place)
veels	d		only used in veels te
volks	a		popular, common, down to earth; relating to or characteristic of the common…
enquête	n	de · mv. enquêtes	survey (set of questions about opinions); investigation (e.g. a congressional investigation)
varaan	n	de · mv. varanen	the monitor lizard, a lizard of the genus Varanus
luchtvaart	n	de	aviation
luchtvaartmaatschappij	n	de · mv. luchtvaartmaatschappijen	airline
Rus	n	de · mv. Russen	Russian; detective
Monique	m		a female given name
Nadine	m		a female given name
Nadia	m		a female given name
Ollie	m		a diminutive of the male given name Oliver; a diminutive of the male given name Olivier
ingrijpen	v	greep in – ingegrepen	to intervene
joet	n	de · mv. joeten	tenner, banknote of ten monetary units (usually guilders or euros)
koen	a		courageous
koet	n	de · mv. koeten	a coot; any bird of genus Fulica; synonym of meerkoet (“Eurasian coot, Fulica atra”)
koot	n	de · mv. koten	phalanx, phalange
chauvinistisch	a		chauvinist, chauvinistic
noen	n	de	noon; nun (Semitic letter)
pipo	n	de · mv. pipo's	oddball, whacko
reet	n	de · mv. reten	a ripped-up spot, tear; cleft, crack, crevice; the butt crack, arse, anus
dwingen	v	dwong – gedwongen	to force, coerce (someone); to constrain, enforce, cause inevitably; to insist forcefully
dringend	a		urgent
filologie	n	de	philology
zweren	v	zwoer – gezworen	to swear, pledge, declare under oath; to make/take an oath; to swear, to curse, notably blasphemously
krimpen	v	kromp – gekrompen	to shrink, crimp
cartografie	n	de · mv. cartografieën	cartography
graaf	n	de · mv. graven	earl, count; graph
graaf	a		cool (in the sense of nice or impressive)
graaf	d		very
spie	n	de · mv. spieën	pin; key: an object designed to fit between two other objects (such as a shaft…
zenden	v	zond – gezonden	to send; to transmit, to emit
schelden	v	schold – gescholden	to scold, to swear
galerie	n	de · mv. galerieën	gallery (an establishment that buys, sells, and displays works of art)
religie	n	de · mv. religies	faith, religion, a system of beliefs dealing with soul, deity and/or life…; religious denomination, such as an organized church; something one adheres to devotedly
vermijden	v	vermeed – vermeden	to avoid
spijten	v	speet – gespeten	to cause regret to, to cause to be sorry; to regret, to be sorry
schuilen	v	school – gescholen	to take shelter; to lurk
snuiven	v	snoof – gesnoven	to sniff
sproeien	v	sproeide – gesproeid	to spray, to sprinkle
glimmen	v	glom – geglommen	to shine, glow, shimmer
klinken	v	klonk – geklonken	to sound; to clink glasses; to nail, to rivet, to clinch
schrikken	v	schrok – geschrokken	to be startled, to get a scare; to quench (cool rapidly by immersion)
schik	n	de	a state of pleasure
mopperen	v	mopperde – gemopperd	to grumble
agnostisch	a		agnostic; nescient
tantra	n	de · mv. tantra's	tantra (esoterical text); tantrism
hijsen	v	hees – gehesen	to pull up, hoist
bederven	v	bedierf – bedorven	to spoil, to go off, to go bad; to make worse; to indulge, spoil
lacune	n	de · mv. lacunes	a gap; something that is missing
malie	n	de · mv. maliën	a link of chainmail; aiglet
dosis	n	de · mv. doses	dose
ascese	n	de	asceticism
topologie	n	de · mv. topologieën	topology
psychologie	n	de · mv. psychologieën	psychology
make-up	n	de	makeup (cosmetics)
maligne	a		malignant
sint	n	de · mv. sinten	saint
huisvuil	n	het	garbage
beschikbaar	a		available
volledig	a		complete
druppel	n	de · mv. druppels	drop, dribble, droplet; a teardrop-shaped RFID key fob
reformator	n	de · mv. reformatoren	a religious reformer, especially one associated with the Reformation or the…; a reformer in non-religious matters
klankbekken	n	het · mv. klankbekkens	cymbal, gong (percussion instrument)
loven	v	loofde – geloofd	to praise
zeemijl	n	de · mv. zeemijlen	nautical mile
mijl	n	de · mv. mijlen	English or American mile, a unit of length equivalent to about 1.6 km
blijvend	a		permanent
vastmaken	v	maakte vast – vastgemaakt	to attach, fasten
vergemakkelijken	v	vergemakkelijkte – vergemakkelijkt	to simplify, facilitate
steek	n	de · mv. steken	a prick (insect bite), a stab, a thrust; a hitch (knot); a stitch
losmaken	v	maakte los – losgemaakt	to make loose, to undo, unfasten; to buy all the wares from, to buy until the seller is out of stock; to cut ties (with), extricate oneself
sjorren	v	sjorde – gesjord	to drag
vracht	n	de · mv. vrachten	freight, cargo; a large amount, a mass
ogen	v	oogde – geoogd	to look, to appear
klimsport	n	de · mv. klimsporten	climbing: e.g. rock climbing, mountaineering
verbinding	n	de · mv. verbindingen	connection, link; compound
zaal	n	de · mv. zalen	room, hall; ward in a hospital or similar medical or caregiving institute
verbinden	v	verbond – verbonden	to connect, link up; to bandage
letterlijk	d		literally
letterlijk	a		literal
levensbelang	n	het · mv. levensbelangen	vital importance
breien	v	breide – gebreid	to knit
naaien	v	naaide – genaaid	to sew; to screw, to fuck, to have sex; to screw, to screw over (someone)
ambacht	n	het · mv. ambachten	handcraft, artisanry; a feudal corporation of craftsmen from one (group of) artisanal profession(s)
stikken	v	stikte – gestikt	to choke, suffocate; to teem (to have an abundance of); to stitch
duw	n	de · mv. duwen	a push
stoot	n	de · mv. stoten	a jab, punch, blow; a shot; a stab with a pointed object
Brouwer	m		a surname originating as an occupation
sterven	v	stierf – gestorven	to die
sluipen	v	sloop – geslopen	to sneak, to move stealthily
Armando	m		a male given name, borrowed from Italian
schoolplein	n	het · mv. schoolpleinen	schoolyard
toermalijn	n	de · mv. toermalijnen	the silicate mineral tourmaline, in various colours; a transparent gem cut from it
kleuter	n	de · mv. kleuters	a child between the ages of four and seven years (before the onset of…; an adult or older child who behaves very immaturely
spetteren	v	spetterde – gespetterd	to splatter, splash (especially water)
jassen	v	jaste – gejast	to peel; to rush (things), hurry through (something) hastily
neerslag	n	de · mv. neerslagen	rainfall, precipitation; fallout; result, outcome, elaboration
schap	n	de/het · mv. schappen	shelf
scheiding	n	de · mv. scheidingen	separation; a divorce; a parting, a part (hairstyle)
scheidingslijn	n	de · mv. scheidingslijnen	borderline, line of separation
lijn	n	de · mv. lijnen	a line; any line or curve; a rope, a cable
streep	n	de · mv. strepen	stripe; a short stroke (e.g. of the pen); hyphen
koopman	n	de · mv. kooplieden	a male merchant, merchantman, trader
begrenzen	v	begrensde – begrensd	to demarcate, limit; to neighbor
begrensd	a		limited, circumscribed; bounded
gymtas	n	de · mv. gymtassen	drawstring backpack
Bonaire	m		Bonaire (an island, dependent territory, and special municipality of the…
zodat	c		such that (indicating result or consequence); in order that, so that (indicating goal or intent)
atheneum	n	het · mv. athenea	a type of secondary education which is in curriculum identical to a…
voorzetten	v	zette voor – voorgezet	to place in front; to assist; to cross the ball
voortzetten	v	zette voort – voortgezet	to continue
voortgezet	a		continued
knop	n	de · mv. knoppen	a knob, roundish handle, ornament etc; a button, control device to push etc.; metonymy: control, power to stop
rietje	n	het · mv. rietjes	cane, hickory, or other stick used for corporal punishment; drinking straw
weeksluiting	n	de · mv. weeksluitingen	closing event for the previous week(s), during which the participants…
Wikipedia	m		Wikipedia
bovenbouw	n	de · mv. bovenbouwen	the upper part, or superstructure, of a building; the upper-level classes of a school, e.g. the 6th, 7th, and 8th grades of…
onderbouw	n	de · mv. onderbouwen	the foundational part of a construction (e.g. a building) which serves to…; the lower-level classes of a school, e.g. the 1st and 2nd grades of grammar…
middenbouw	n	de · mv. middenbouwen	the middle-level classes of a school, e.g. the 3rd, 4th, and 5th grades of a…
ondervinden	v	ondervond – ondervonden	to experience
opvatten	v	vatte op – opgevat	to interpret; to take (with hands)
keet	n	de · mv. keten	a shack or stand; a barrack, shed, shanty; a row, unruliness, especially in keet schoppen
hulpmiddel	n	het · mv. hulpmiddelen	aid, instrument, tool (material source of help)
hulp	n	de · mv. hulpen	help, assistance, rescue; helper, aide, assistant, sidekick (also in the masculine gender)
kopiëren	v	kopieerde – gekopieerd	to copy
doorgeven	v	gaf door – doorgegeven	to pass on; to relay (a message)
betekenis	n	de · mv. betekenissen	meaning; significance, importance
evenals	c		as well as; just like, just as
relateren	v	relateerde – gerelateerd	to relate
gerelateerd	a		related
luchthaven	n	de · mv. luchthavens	airport
vervoeren	v	vervoerde – vervoerd	to transport, to move
passagier	n	de · mv. passagiers	passenger
thuisbasis	n	de · mv. thuisbasissen	home base, main base
vermelden	v	vermeldde – vermeld	to mention, to note
zeeniveau	n	het · mv. zeeniveaus	mean sea level
eigendom	n	het · mv. eigendommen	property, possession; ownership
rijkdom	n	de · mv. rijkdommen	wealth; prosperity
aandeel	n	het · mv. aandelen	contribution, part; a share, stock
krekel	n	de · mv. krekels	cricket, insect of the family Gryllidae
messing	a		brazen, made of brass
messing	n	het	brass
aandeelhouder	n	de · mv. aandeelhouders	shareholder
beheren	v	beheerde – beheerd	to manage, administer
beheer	n	het · mv. beheren	management, administration
plicht	n	de · mv. plichten	duty, obligation
comité	n	het · mv. comités	committee
etiket	n	het · mv. etiketten	label, tag
oogappel	n	de · mv. oogappels	apple of someone's eye (someone or something dear); the circular central area of the human eye formed by the iris together with…; the pupil of the human eye
ooglid	n	het · mv. oogleden	eyelid
korst	n	de · mv. korsten	a crust, a scab (hard, often flaky outer layer); the Earth's crust
raap	n	de · mv. rapen	turnip; noggin, bonce
fietsen	v	fietste – gefietst	to ride or cycle a bicycle, to bike
lans	n	de · mv. lansen	a lance
vloek	n	de · mv. vloeken	curse
klei	n	de	clay
drol	n	de · mv. drollen	turd; mythological giant or evil spirit
schors	n	de · mv. schorsen	outer bark; any equivalent rind on other plants; a similar exterior tissue or layer, peel or crust, e.g. on an organ
vezel	n	de · mv. vezels	a fibre (Commonwealth); fiber (US) (single piece/strand of fabric or other…; a dietary fibre
souterrain	n	het · mv. souterrains	semibasement, a room or floor which is partially below street level, usually…
laars	n	de · mv. laarzen	boot
patisserie	n	de · mv. patisserieën	patisserie
stoephoer	n	de · mv. stoephoeren	A highly pejorative term for a woman; street whore, streetwalker (a prostitute who operates in public areas)
duim	n	de · mv. duimen	thumb, the innermost finger; inch; pintle (jointed pivot of a hinge, consisting of the pin and the non-moving leaf)
latten	a		made from slats
latten	v	latte – gelat	to have a LAT relationship
souter	n	de · mv. souters	psalter; psaltery
habitus	n	de · mv. habitussen	manner, behaviour; general physical appearance such as shape of the body; general appearance and/or behaviour of a plant
gezegen	v		slumped, downfallen
gezegen	n	het	blessing
verslaan	v	versloeg – verslagen	to defeat; to report on, cover
postulant	n	de · mv. postulanten	postulant
belachelijk	a		ridiculous, risible
overmantel	n	de · mv. overmantels	an overcoat, a coat worn over another coat or worn over one's other clothes; a cloak worn over one's other clothes
interferon	n	het · mv. interferonnen	interferon (any of a group of glycoproteins, that prevent viral replication…
kritisch	a		critical (expressing criticism, pertaining to criticism or critique)
makreel	n	de · mv. makrelen	mackerel (Scomber scombrus); any fish of the family Scombridae
klokken	v	klokte – geklokt	to time, clock; to gurgle; to cluck
kolonel	n	de · mv. kolonels	colonel, the military rank
stenen	a		stonen, made of stone
staven	v	staafde – gestaafd	to substantiate
afmelden	v	meldde af – afgemeld	to check out; to cancel, to call off; to log out
kak	n	de	shit, feces; arrogance
kak	i		shit, damn
bewerking	n	de · mv. bewerkingen	edit; operation, calculation
bezorging	n	de · mv. bezorgingen	delivery (of a package, for example)
spectaculair	a		spectacular
armoedig	a		poor (suffering from poverty); shabby
tentoonstelling	n	de · mv. tentoonstellingen	exposition (e.g. in a museum), exhibition
gouverneur	n	de · mv. gouverneurs	governor (e.g. of a province)
doorzettingsvermogen	n	het	perseverance, determination, tenacity
almaar	d		all the time
markies	n	de · mv. markiezen	marquis; an awning (type of shade in front of window)
handleiding	n	de · mv. handleidingen	manual
verachting	n	de	disdain
garen	n	het · mv. garens	yarn, thread
garen	v	gaarde – gegaard	to make/become ready (cooked); to collect, to gather
tuinman	n	de · mv. tuinmannen	male professional gardener
dodental	n	het · mv. dodentallen	death toll, number of deaths, death tally
eerlijkheid	n	de	honesty; fairness, justness
pseudoniem	n	het · mv. pseudoniemen	pseudonym
paradijs	m		the Biblical Paradise, Garden of Eden
paradijs	n	het · mv. paradijzen	a paradise, wonderland, place to be
schandaal	n	het · mv. schandalen	scandal
waarschuwing	n	de · mv. waarschuwingen	warning
recensent	n	de · mv. recensenten	reviewer
misbruik	n	het	abuse
misverstand	n	het · mv. misverstanden	misunderstanding
regenwoud	n	het · mv. regenwouden	rainforest
minderheid	n	de · mv. minderheden	minority
jager	n	de · mv. jagers	hunter; destroyer (type of warship); fighter, combat aeroplane
beschrijving	n	de · mv. beschrijvingen	description
voorbereiding	n	de · mv. voorbereidingen	preparation
marktaandeel	n	het · mv. marktaandelen	market share
wandeling	n	de · mv. wandelingen	walk, ramble; hike, long walk
onbetaalbaar	a		unaffordable; priceless
onbetaalbaar	d		unaffordably; pricelessly
welbevinden	n	het	well-being, in particular good health or a good condition
stuitend	a		obnoxious
onheil	n	het	misfortune, disaster
wanordelijk	a		chaotic, messy
maanlicht	n	het	moonlight
opvarende	n	de · mv. opvarenden	person on board of a ship, covering both crew and passengers
regenseizoen	n	het · mv. regenseizoenen	wet season
heldendom	n	het	being a hero
onberispelijk	a		irreprovable
onberispelijk	d		irreprovably
stelselmatig	a		systematic
stelselmatig	d		systematically
bekoorlijk	a		attractive, appealing
gedrocht	n	het · mv. gedrochten	monstrosity, monster, something or someone very ugly
kostelijk	a		fantastic, enjoyable
kostelijk	d		fantastically, enjoyably
berichten	v	berichtte – bericht	to report, inform
metallurgie	n	de · mv. metallurgies	metallurgy, the science and technology of metals
dooier	n	de · mv. dooiers	yolk (yellow part of an egg)
eigeel	n	het · mv. eigelen	egg yolk
politisch	a		political
vuurzee	n	de · mv. vuurzeeën	conflagration, sea of fire
betreurenswaardig	a		regrettable, lamentable
noemenswaardig	a		worth mentioning, significant
historisch	a		historical
chaotisch	a		chaotic
ketter	n	de · mv. ketters	heretic
flits	n	de · mv. flitsen	a flash; (figuratively) an instant; lightning bolt
mindfulness	n	de	mindfulness (paying attention on purpose, in the present moment, and…
ecocide	n	de · mv. ecocides	ecocide
regiolect	n	het · mv. regiolecten	a colloquial variety of a standard language spoken in a particular region…
vlinder	n	de · mv. vlinders	butterfly, or generally any insect belonging to the order Lepidoptera
eelt	n	het	callus
allergisch	a		allergic
hosten	v	hostte – gehost	to host (to perform the role of a host for/at)
hoest	n	de	cough
kuch	n	de · mv. kuchen	cough
stuiven	v	stoof – gestoven	to dash, move rapidly; to be dusty; to be blown by the wind
zuipen	v	zoop – gezopen	to swig, to drink heavily, to guzzle
grillen	v	grilde – gegrild	to grill
reageren	v	reageerde – gereageerd	to react, to respond; to react, to undergo a chemical reaction
wegsturen	v	stuurde weg – weggestuurd	to send away; to dismiss
onbekend	a		unknown; anonymous
ontslag	n	het · mv. ontslagen	discharge; resignation
uithalen	v	haalde uit – uitgehaald	to lash out, strike out; to pull out, draw out; to do (something remarkable)
vlo	n	de · mv. vlooien	a flea, insect of the order Siphonaptera
coureur	n	de · mv. coureurs	cyclist for sport (in contrast to fietser); motorcyclist; auto racer
beseffen	v	besefte – beseft	to realize
besef	n	het · mv. beseffen	realisation, awareness, sense
aanvoeren	v	voerde aan – aangevoerd	to supply; to command
aanvoerder	n	de · mv. aanvoerders	leader; captain
tiptop	a		excellent, fantastic
tiptop	d		tiptop, excellently
trommelvlies	n	het · mv. trommelvliezen	eardrum
gehoorgang	n	de · mv. gehoorgangen	ear canal
ontwerpen	v	ontwierp – ontworpen	to design; to plan
debet	n	het	debit, due to the account holder by a third party; a debt, due to a third party
noodzakelijk	a		necessary
noodzakelijk	d		necessarily
bezitter	n	de · mv. bezitters	possessor (and possibly, but not necessarily, also the owner)
bewijzen	v	bewees – bewezen	to prove; to confer (a favor)
verplichting	n	de · mv. verplichtingen	obligation; commitment
drastisch	a		drastic
Kelt	n	de · mv. Kelten	Celt, person of Celtic origin, (historical) member of a Celtic tribe
surfen	v	surfte – gesurft	to surf; to surf (the web)
controverse	n	de · mv. controversen	controversy
Westerland	m		a village in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Kreta	m		Crete (Greek island in the Mediterranean Sea)
Helgoland	m		Heligoland
Donau	m		Danube (a river in Europe; flowing 2,850 kilometers from the confluence of…
vanelle	n		shag tobacco (sometimes flavoured); plain, au naturel
automatisch	a		automatic
aeronautica	n	de	aviation, aeronautics
vegetarisch	a		vegetarian (relating to the type of diet eaten by vegetarians)
illusie	n	de · mv. illusies	illusion
kunstwerk	n	het · mv. kunstwerken	work of art; a man-made structure built with materials other than earth and sand, such as…
kapitein	n	de · mv. kapiteins	captain (person in command of a ship); captain (military officer)
verbazing	n	de	amazement
schurk	n	de · mv. schurken	scoundrel, villain
beschuldiging	n	de · mv. beschuldigingen	accusation; accusation, charge
kanon	n	het · mv. kanonnen	cannon (weapon)
ontsnapping	n	de · mv. ontsnappingen	escape (act of leaving)
hetzelfde	d		the same
betrekkelijk	a		relative
betrekkelijk	d		rather, quite, fairly
uitspreken	v	sprak uit – uitgesproken	to pronounce; (to declare authoritatively or as formal opinion); to announce (declare by judicial sentence)
interviewen	v	interviewde – geïnterviewd	to interview
oordeel	n	het · mv. oordelen	opinion, judgement (conclusion of an act of deciding); judgment, verdict, decision, sentence (legal conclusion in a court of law)
oudheid	n	de · mv. oudheden	antiquity; object from antiquity
tijdperk	n	het · mv. tijdperken	age, era
omheining	n	de · mv. omheiningen	a fence; the placing of a fence
bronstijd	m		Bronze Age
brons	n	het · mv. bronzen	bronze; a bronze; a work made of bronze
legeren	v	legeerde – gelegeerd	to alloy; to encamp, to base
poedel	n	de · mv. poedels	poodle (dog breed); a miss; a throw or shot that misses the goal or target
drinkebroer	n	de · mv. drinkebroers	one who tends to drink a lot of alcohol, a drinker, possibly a drunkard,…
alcoholicus	n	de · mv. alcoholici	alcoholic
zeepaard	n	het · mv. zeepaarden	seahorse (more often used in its diminutive form - zeepaardje), fish of the…; hippocamp
dekbed	n	het · mv. dekbedden	duvet
duisternis	n	de · mv. duisternissen	darkness
afwezig	a		absent; absent-minded
afwezigheid	n	de · mv. afwezigheden	absence
aanwezig	a		present (not absent)
aanwezigheid	n	de · mv. aanwezigheden	presence; attendance
agens	n	de · mv. agentes	agent, grammatical agent; agent, effective cause
reagens	n	het · mv. reagentia	reagent
aantoont	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aantonen
mengen	v	mengde – gemengd	to mix, blend
afbakenen	v	bakende af – afgebakend	to demarcate with beacons, stakes, or other signs, e.g. to stake out
vaarwater	n	het · mv. vaarwateren	fairway, waterway
aanwijzen	v	wees aan – aangewezen	to point at; to point out, indicate; to appoint, designate
aanwijst	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanwijzen
schilder	n	de · mv. schilders	painter
sorgo	n	het	sorghum
noord	d		north; northwards
zuid	d		south; southwards
oost	d		east; eastwards
asfalt	n	het	asphalt
harmonisch	a		harmonic, harmonious
afbakening	n	de · mv. afbakeningen	demarcation
collecte	n	de · mv. collectes	collection, act of collecting (mostly of money)
opsluiten	v	sloot op – opgesloten	to lock in; to lock up, imprison, incarcerate
communisme	n	het · mv. communismen	communism (collectivist socialism, ideology); communism (classless and stateless international socialist order)
omgeven	v	omgaf – omgeven	to surround
onscheidbaar	a		inseparable
insluiten	v	sloot in – ingesloten	to enclose, close in, shut in; to include
omsluiten	v	omsloot – omsloten	to enclose
ontsluiten	v	ontsloot – ontsloten	to unlock, to open up
pittoresk	a		picturesque
vaartuig	n	het · mv. vaartuigen	vessel
tijdsduur	n	de · mv. tijdsduren	duration
herkomst	n	de · mv. herkomsten	origin, descent
uitermate	d		extremely
toegeven	v	gaf toe – toegegeven	to admit; to concede
menig	t		many a
werkelijk	a		real, actual
werkelijk	d		really, truly
munteenheid	n	de · mv. munteenheden	monetary unit, unit of currency
pleite	a		gone
exotisch	a		exotic (foreign, non-native to an area); exotic (foreign or having a foreign appearance, especially in an exciting way)
Allerheiligen	m		All Saints Day, All Hallows, Hallowmas (November, 1st)
praline	n	de · mv. pralines	filled chocolate (small piece of confectionery made from chocolate)
racisme	n	het	racism (hatred, discrimination or bias based on race or descent)
hermandad	n	de	police
hoeven	v	hoefde – gehoeven	to be necessary; to need to, to have to; to need
behoeven	v	behoefde – behoefd	to need
behoefte	n	de · mv. behoeftes	a need; defecation
weliswaar	d		admittedly, indeed
kroontjespen	n	de · mv. kroontjespennen	dip pen, nib pen
wennen	v	wende – gewend	to get used (to), to become accustomed; to become familiar
gewoonte	n	de · mv. gewoonten	wont, habit, custom; custom, tradition
gewoonterecht	n	het · mv. gewoonterechten	customary law
leesbaar	a		readable, legible
drukbaar	a		printable
beoefenen	v	beoefende – beoefend	to practice regularly, ongoing: some sport, craft, skill, or profession
oefenen	v	oefende – geoefend	to practice, train
Tempel	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands; a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
thans	d		now (at the present moment)
heden	d		presently
heden	n	het	the present
vensterruit	n	de · mv. vensterruiten	windowpane
modernisme	n	het · mv. modernismen	modernism
onderwijzen	v	onderwees – onderwezen	to teach, to educate
erfenis	n	de · mv. erfenissen	estate, inheritance; heritage (e.g. cultural)
cultureel	a		cultural
erfgoed	n	het · mv. erfgoederen	heritage
betrekking	n	de · mv. betrekkingen	relation; office, position, post
inleiding	n	de · mv. inleidingen	introduction
ofwel	c		or, or also, or just as well; either ... or
peuter	n	de · mv. peuters	a toddler, small child, usually between one and four years of age; a little…
pikollen	v	pikolde – gepikold	to carry (something, about a pikol in weight) using a pikolan
Maren	m		a former village and former municipality of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hannelore	m		a female given name
pikol	n	de · mv. pikols	each of the two loads which hang at each side of a carrying pole, called…; a measure for dry wares, e.g. about 56 kilos of salt; a commercial weight, fixed by the (Dutch colonial) authorities of the Dutch…
praktisch	a		practical
praktisch	d		practically, virtually (almost always)
journalisme	n	het	journalism
ganzeveer	n	de · mv. ganzeveren	feather from a goose; quill (for writing)
veren	a		made of feathers, plumose
veren	v	veerde – geveerd	to bounce, reverberate, spring; to ferry
pluim	n	de · mv. pluimen	a plume, feather; A compliment, praise, a feather on one's cap; a plume-shaped object or part of another organ, e.g. on a butterfly's wings
Sumer	m		Sumer (a historical region occupied by the earliest known ancient…
bescheiden	a		modest, humble, unassuming
bescheiden	v	bescheidde – bescheid	to apportion, to allot; to invite
schuilplaats	n	de · mv. schuilplaatsen	shelter
beschrijven	v	beschreef – beschreven	to write on; to write (a letter) to; to describe
tijdje	n	het · mv. tijdjes	a while
gezien	p		in view of, considering
databank	n	de · mv. databanken	database, databank (collection of computer-organised information); databank (organization)
kwal	n	de · mv. kwallen	jellyfish; an annoying, figuratively slimy person
Ebenezer	m		a neighbourhood of Sint Maarten
prater	n	de · mv. praters	a person who talks or likes to talk
toenmalig	a		then (of that time)
omverwerpen	v	wierp omver – omvergeworpen	to overthrow
omverwierp	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of omverwerpen
gedoopt	a		baptized
achterste	a		rearmost, hindmost
achterste	n	het · mv. achtersten	rear end, bottom of a person or animal
geweldig	a		tremendous, enormous; awesome, wonderful
uitgever	n	de · mv. uitgevers	publisher
uitgeverij	n	de · mv. uitgeverijen	publisher, especially a publishing house or publishing company
uiteraard	d		of course
lef	n	de/het	courage, bravery, daring; temerity, gall rashness, audacity; arrogance
Margret	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
kelen	v	keelde – gekeeld	to cut the throat of
verborgen	a		hidden
verbergen	v	verborg – verborgen	to hide
gewaagd	a		risky, daring
isolement	n	het · mv. isolementen	isolation (condition of being isolated, alone)
aanvraag	n	de · mv. aanvragen	application, request (act of applying or petitioning, that which has been…
aanvraag	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanvragen
flogiston	n	het	phlogiston (gas hypothesised to exist by phlogiston chemists and thought to…
gravida	n	de · mv. gravidae	a pregnant woman
bezoeker	n	de · mv. bezoekers	visitor
eens	d		once, one time; sometime, at an unspecified time; modal particle which casualizes statements, gives a slightly softer tone to…
eens	c		once, as soon as
eens	a		of one accord or opinion, in agreement
beweren	v	beweerde – beweerd	to claim, to assert, to allege
betaald	a		nonfree, paid, for payment
winst	n	de · mv. winsten	profit; gain, act or process of gaining; gain, advantage, benefit
winstgevend	a		profitable, lucrative
inkomen	v	kwam in – ingekomen	to come in; to warm up when starting an activity; to understand someone's thought process
inkomen	n	het · mv. inkomens	income
voorziening	n	de · mv. voorzieningen	provision, supply; facility, amenity; provision (liability or contra account to recognise likely future adverse…
belofteploeg	n	de · mv. belofteploegen	a team of young promising players
onverwacht	a		unexpected
onverwacht	d		unexpectedly
onverwachts	d		unexpectedly
onverwachts	a		synonym of onverwacht (“unexpected”)
inroepen	v	riep in – ingeroepen	to request
stroming	n	de · mv. stromingen	a flow, current; a movement (e.g. cultural, social or artistic); a school of thought
gevallen	v	geviel – gevallen	to happen, to occur
psychotisch	a		psychotic (pertaining to psychosis)
psychedelisch	a		psychedelic
ontsteking	n	de · mv. ontstekingen	inflammation; ignition (of engines or explosives)
alhoewel	c		although, albeit
grondwet	n	de · mv. grondwetten	constitution
toegevoegd	a		added
ontwerp	n	het · mv. ontwerpen	design, plan, draft
mals	a		soft, tender, succulent; forgiving, lenient, soft
snik	n	de · mv. snikken	a sob, a weep with a convulsive gasp
multitasking	n	de	multitasking
staking	n	de · mv. stakingen	strike (work stoppage); cessation, delay, the act of ending or delaying something; deadlock, tie in voting
bodes	n	de · mv. bodessen	a female messenger
pleiten	v	pleitte – gepleit	to plead, to argue; to act as attorney in court; to plead a legal case in court
opmerkelijk	a		remarkable
opmerkelijk	d		remarkably
melding	n	de · mv. meldingen	a report, notification, message, notice
voortaan	d		henceforth, from now on
schelen	v	scheelde – gescheeld	to ail (cause to suffer); to make a difference
brits	n	de · mv. britsen	a berth, a bunk
bezorgd	a		concerned, anxious
ruzie	n	de · mv. ruzies	quarrel, row, conflict, dispute
overmaken	v	maakte over – overgemaakt	to make over; to transfer (e.g. an amount from one bank to another)
passend	a		suitable, fitting, matching
Waterloos	m		a hamlet in Maaseik, Belgium
interessant	a		interesting, arousing or holding the attention of; fascinating; notable, important
deuk	n	de · mv. deuken	dent
rager	n	de · mv. ragers	interdental brush
steil	a		steep; straight, not curly
flikker	n	de · mv. flikkers	a mender, fixer, someone who mends or fixes; a jump while clicking the heels; a human body, especially when in the nude
manege	n	de · mv. maneges	a manège
chlorofyl	n	het	synonym of bladgroen (“chlorophyll”)
schedel	n	de · mv. schedels	skull; death's-head; mound's crest or crown
fuut	n	de · mv. futen	great crested grebe (Podiceps cristatus); A grebe, any waterbird of the order Podicipediformes
kolibrie	n	de · mv. kolibries	hummingbird
sperwer	n	de · mv. sperwers	sparrow hawk (Accipiter nisus); various other birds of prey of the family Accipitridae
zwaan	n	de · mv. zwanen	a swan, a large waterbird of the genera Cygnus and Coscoroba
struisvogel	n	de · mv. struisvogels	an ostrich, flightless bird of the genus Struthio; common ostrich (Struthio camelus)
pelikaan	n	de · mv. pelikanen	pelican, bird of the family Pelecanidae
joods	a		Jewish (concerning the Jewish religion)
christelijk	a		Christian
afgod	n	de · mv. afgoden	idol; false deity
openbaren	v	openbaarde – geopenbaard	to reveal
lhb	n	de · mv. lhb's	a person who is part of the LGB umbrella
onvergelijkbaar	a		incomparable
sowieso	d		anyhow, in any case, anyway; necessarily, in all cases
derhalve	d		therefore
tegenstander	n	de · mv. tegenstanders	adversary, opponent
opwinding	n	de · mv. opwindingen	agitation, trepidation; state of emotional arrousal, excitement, thrill
vrijzinnig	a		liberal
calvinistisch	a		Calvinist
juichen	v	juichte – gejuicht	to shout with joy
ondersteunen	v	ondersteunde – ondersteund	to support
beantwoorden	v	beantwoordde – beantwoord	to answer, reply to
militarist	n	de	militarist
empirisch	a		empirical
karateka	n	de · mv. karateka's	karateka
bevriezen	v	bevroor – bevroren	to freeze (solid); to freeze, to be completely still and immobile; to stop, to halt
Moab	m		Moab (people and land in modern-day Jordan)
medicament	n	het · mv. medicamenten	a medicament, a medicine
ironisch	a		ironic, ironical
ironisch	d		ironically
Mie	m		a female given name
Rie	m		a diminutive of the female given name Marie
zuiveren	v	zuiverde – gezuiverd	to cleanse, purify
zuivering	n	de · mv. zuiveringen	purification, cleansing
datzelfde	t		that same, the aforementioned
datzelfde	r		that same [thing], the aforementioned
menselijk	a		human; humane
menselijkheid	n	de · mv. menselijkheden	humanity, humaneness (quality of being humane)
stond	n	de · mv. stonden	time; point in time, moment; age, epoch
verwoesten	v	verwoestte – verwoest	to destroy, ruin, devastate, lay waste
zuivelproduct	n	het · mv. zuivelproducten	dairy product
gemaakt	a		artificial, unnatural; fake, insincere
wereldwijd	a		worldwide
wijd	a		wide, outstretched, far apart; wide, vast, expansive, over a large surface; far
spotten	v	spotte – gespot	to mock, deride; to spot
Kapelle	m		a village and municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Eline	m		a female given name
demagogisch	a		demagogic
oprichten	v	richtte op – opgericht	to rear, lift up; to establish, to found
geleerdheid	n	de · mv. geleerdheden	learning, studies
geleerd	a		learned; educated
godgeleerdheid	n	de	theology
gewest	n	het · mv. gewesten	region; one of the three regions constituting the equivalent of a state in the…; an older term for provincie (“province”)
hanteren	v	hanteerde – gehanteerd	to utilize, wield; to handle
teruggaan	v	ging terug – teruggegaan	to return, go back
voortbrengen	v	bracht voort – voortgebracht	to engender; to produce
ruimtevaarder	n	de · mv. ruimtevaarders	a (male) astronaut
vaarder	n	de · mv. vaarders	sailor, skipper
ruimtevaartuig	n	het · mv. ruimtevaartuigen	spacecraft
wortel	n	de · mv. wortels	root (especially of a plant); carrot (Daucus carota, especially Daucus carota subsp. sativa); square root, root
moeite	n	de · mv. moeiten	effort; difficulty
moeizaam	a		laborious
moeizaam	d		with difficulty
belegering	n	de · mv. belegeringen	siege, the act of besieging
belegeren	v	belegerde – belegerd	to besiege
eind	n	het · mv. einden	end; a (short) length of something, particularly rope; a considerable distance
gemiddeld	a		average
lichtpunt	n	het · mv. lichtpunten	bright spot
bestrijder	n	de · mv. bestrijders	opposer, one who fights something
vertegenwoordiger	n	de · mv. vertegenwoordigers	representative
wijsgerig	a		philosophical
wijsbegeerte	n	de	philosophy
begeerte	n	de · mv. begeerten	desire, craving
begeren	v	begeerde – begeerd	to covet
beoefenaar	n	de · mv. beoefenaars	practitioner
dergelijk	t		such, similar; of that kind
sultane	n	de · mv. sultanes	sultana (female sultan or consort of a sultan)
riskant	a		risky, daring
gaans	d		walking, going on foot
doelstelling	n	de · mv. doelstellingen	objective, goal, aim
prestatie	n	de · mv. prestaties	feat, accomplishment, achievement; performance
terugwinnen	v	won terug – teruggewonnen	to recover
toepassen	v	paste toe – toegepast	to apply, implement
Jannie	m		a diminutive of the female given name Johanna
Biest	m		a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
garibaldi	n	de · mv. garibaldi's	derby, bowler hat; garibaldi (fish)
seismisch	a		seismic (related to earthquakes, seismology or Earth vibrations)
levensduur	n	de · mv. levensduren	lifespan; longevity
overgang	n	de · mv. overgangen	transition; crossing, place where one crosses; menopause
vergaand	a		far-reaching
vergaand	d		considerably
ontmoeting	n	de · mv. ontmoetingen	a meeting (an encounter between people)
maatstaf	n	de · mv. maatstaven	measure, rule (solid object used to measure length or distance); standard, criterion
wezenlijk	a		essential, fundamental; real, existing
vertaalster	n	de · mv. vertaalsters	female translator
Laurens	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Laurence or Lawrence
Frederik	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Frederick
sherpa	n	de · mv. sherpa's	a sherpa, local mountain guide/porter; a sherpa, expert accompanying a high-ranking leader to a summit meeting
grafisch	a		graphical
populist	n	het · mv. populisten	populist (advocate or supporter of political populism, asserting that elites…; demagogue
gangbaar	a		current, in common use; prevailing; valid
bijdrage	n	de · mv. bijdragen	contribution
bijdrage	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bijdragen
leefbaar	a		livable
leidraad	n	de · mv. leidraden	guiding principle; guidebook
behoorlijk	a		reasonable, fitting, proper
behoorlijk	d		quite
initiatiefnemer	n	de · mv. initiatiefnemers	initiator
tegenstrijdig	a		contradictory
bijstellen	v	stelde bij – bijgesteld	to adjust, to adapt, to amend
glasvezel	n	de · mv. glasvezels	fibreglass; optical fiber
epos	n	het · mv. epen	epic (extended narrative poem, usually in dactylic hexametre)
idolatrie	n	de · mv. idolatrieën	idolatry (worship of idols); idolatry (adulation of people)
behouden	v	behield – behouden	to save, keep; to preserve
audiocassette	n	de · mv. audiocassettes	an audio cassette
liturgisch	a		liturgical
hordeloop	n	de · mv. hordelopen	athletic discipline in which the runners must also jump regularly placed hurdles; path strewn with obstacles
technisch	a		technical
mummie	n	de · mv. mummies	a mummy (extensively preserved corpse)
messias	n	de · mv. messiassen	messiah
erotisch	a		erotic
hoer	n	de · mv. hoeren	whore, prostitute; whore, slut (slur)
tenzij	c		unless
werkelijkheid	n	de · mv. werkelijkheden	reality
leem	n	de/het	loam; adobe
waterstof	n	de · mv. waterstoffen	hydrogen
tegelijkertijd	d		simultaneously, at the same time
brandbaar	a		flammable
nadruk	n	de	emphasis
indrukwekkend	a		impressive, imposing
wraak	n	de	revenge
begrafenis	n	de · mv. begrafenissen	burial, funeral
schoonvader	n	de · mv. schoonvaders	father-in-law; father of one's boyfriend or girlfriend
weigeren	v	weigerde – geweigerd	to refuse, to deny (not to allow)
terugkeer	n	de	return
terugkeer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugkeren
verdrag	n	het · mv. verdragen	treaty
gesticht	n	het · mv. gestichten	psychiatric ward, mental asylum; large, impressive building, as typically used for above institutes
eed	n	de · mv. eden	oath
hoofdzakelijk	a		main
hoofdzakelijk	d		mainly
gravin	n	de · mv. gravinnen	countess
bezetten	v	bezette – bezet	to occupy, to fill; to occupy (forcefully with military personnel), to conquer
bezetting	n	de · mv. bezettingen	occupation; casting, the division of roles in a performance
tenslotte	d		in the end, finally, in conclusion, after all
haalbaar	a		feasible, achievable, accomplishable
achterhalen	v	achterhaalde – achterhaald	to overtake, to hunt down; to find out, discover
achterhaald	a		outmoded
moralisch	a		moral
werkzaamheid	n	de · mv. werkzaamheden	activity, operation; efficacy, efficaciousness; diligence
ontcijferen	v	ontcijferde – ontcijferd	to decipher, figure out
cijferen	v	cijferde – gecijferd	to figure, compute
cijferen	n	het	arithmetic
lukken	v	lukte – gelukt	to succeed, to work, to go right; to manage to, to succeed in, to be able to
betuiging	n	de · mv. betuigingen	profession, declaration, expression (act of declaring or expressing)
betuigen	v	betuigde – betuigd	to express, to profess, to declare
bezichtigen	v	bezichtigde – bezichtigd	to behold; to sightsee, to view
radiogolf	n	de · mv. radiogolven	radio wave
drager	n	de · mv. dragers	a carrier, one who carries or bears something; a wearer, one who wears something, like an article of clothing; a carrier, one who carries a gene
aflevering	n	de · mv. afleveringen	delivery; issue (of a periodical); episode, instalment (e.g. of a series)
onderbrengen	v	bracht onder – ondergebracht	to accommodate, lodge; to categorize
uitreiken	v	reikte uit – uitgereikt	to hand out, to distribute, to issue; to award
doctoraat	n	het · mv. doctoraten	doctorate
eredoctoraat	n	het · mv. eredoctoraten	honorary doctorate
jaarlijks	a		yearly, annual
jaarlijks	d		annually, every year
zegel	n	de/het · mv. zegels	n a seal (object, design or pattern for solid imprinting); m a stamp
zittend	a		seated, sitting; incumbent
studeren	v	studeerde – gestudeerd	to study (to take part in organized education); to study, to major in
verdelen	v	verdeelde – verdeeld	to divide; to distribute
wellicht	d		possibly, perhaps; probably, likely
misschien	d		perhaps, maybe
klinker	n	de · mv. klinkers	clinker brick; (by extension) any kind of brick used for pavement; vowel
medeklinker	n	de · mv. medeklinkers	consonant
geleerde	n	de · mv. geleerden	academic or otherwise learned expert; scholar, scientist
kanunnik	n	de · mv. kanunniken	a canon, a cleric subject to an ecclesiastical rule
Christa	m		a female given name
hup	i		synonym of hoppa (“let's go, hey presto, alley-oop”)
hypothetisch	a		hypothetic, hypothetical
tippen	v	tipte – getipt	to tip (give a gratuity); to tip (give a hint)
levend	a		living, alive
verwarren	v	verwarde – verward	to tangle; to confuse, confound, befuddle
deels	d		partly
verwarrend	a		confusing
vakgebied	n	het · mv. vakgebieden	field, specialism, domain (within a subject or profession)
schaal	n	de · mv. schalen	shell (of an egg or a nut); shallow bowl; scale (e.g. for measuring)
geleiding	n	de · mv. geleidingen	conductivity
alreeds	d		already
tevoren	d		previously
alom	d		everywhere, all around
Sanne	m		a diminutive of the female given name Susanne; a male given name, via Frisian, sometimes a diminutive of Sander, Alexander…
kajak	n	de · mv. kajaks	kayak
snobistisch	a		snobbish, snobby
ondeugend	a		mischievous, naughty
Fransman	n	de · mv. Fransen	a Frenchman, a French male
spleet	n	de · mv. spleten	crack, cleft, split; fissure, slit; vagina
chauffage	n	de · mv. chauffages	heating
topografie	n	de · mv. topografieën	topography (detailed graphic representation of the surface features of a…; the study of topographies; also as a school subject
tropisch	a		tropical; 30 °C or more
subtropisch	a		subtropical
gatlikker	n	de · mv. gatlikkers	sycophant, arse-kisser, shameless or even slavish flatterer
bastonnade	n	de · mv. bastonnades	caning, any beating with a stick; specifically, falaka (oriental beating of the soles of the feet)
omloopbaan	n	de · mv. omloopbanen	orbit
omheen	p		around
internist	n	de · mv. internisten	internist (specialist in internal medicine)
reuma	n	het · mv. reuma's	rheumatism
slab	n	de · mv. slabben	bib
spiernaakt	a		stark naked, completely naked (so the muscles show through the bare skin)
knoet	n	de · mv. knoeten	knout, a multi-thong scourge as used in tsarist Russia; term of abuse for persons from Westphalia and Northern Germany; boor, churl
Koenraad	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Conrad
Jette	m		Jette (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region, Belgium)
adenovirus	n	het · mv. adenovirussen	adenovirus (any virus of the family Adenoviridae, many of which are…
überhaupt	d		at all; anyway; in the first place
bul	n	de · mv. bullen	bull (male bovine, or one of certain other male mammals); surly person; great seal affixed to certain documents, notably charters from reigning…
tenue	n	de/het · mv. tenues	mode of dress, outfit (set of clothing, especially for a specific group,…
hondsvot	n	de/het · mv. hondsvotten	scoundrel
kosmisch	a		cosmic
Mekka	m		Mecca (a large city in the Hejaz, Saudi Arabia, the holiest place in Islam)
chemisch	a		chemical, relating to or produced by chemistry
linnen	n	het · mv. linnens	linen, a cloth made from flax; something made of linen
linnen	a		made of linen
Indonesiër	n	de · mv. Indonesiërs	Indonesian, a person from and/or living in Indonesia
Heino	m		a village and former municipality of Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Petronella	m		a female given name from Latin
Hendrik	m		a male given name from the Germanic languages, equivalent to English Henry
apathisch	a		apathetic
beslissing	n	de · mv. beslissingen	decision
bisdom	n	het · mv. bisdommen	bishopric
halleluja	i		hallelujah
halleluja	n	het · mv. halleluja's	hallelujah
Indo-Europeaan	n	de · mv. Indo-Europeanen	a person of mixed Indonesian and European descent; an Indo
vasten	v	vastte – gevast	to fast
vasten	n	de/het	fast (period of time when one abstains from or eats very little food)
veiling	n	de · mv. veilingen	auction (concrete and abstract); auction house, building or business where auctions are held
vaan	n	de/het · mv. vanen	vane, small flag (often pointed or pronged); banner, battle standard; weathervane
ideologisch	a		ideological
procedé	n	het · mv. procedés	process, procedure
inbreker	n	de · mv. inbrekers	burglar
hopeloos	a		hopeless
openheid	n	de	openness
demonstratie	n	de · mv. demonstraties	demonstration, demo (showing of something); demonstration, exposition (explaining of something); demonstration (group protest)
romantisch	a		romantic
kosmologisch	a		cosmological
Tomas	m		a male given name, spelling of Thomas
roodgloeiend	a		red-hot, heated to the point of glowing red; hotly blushing
namens	p		on behalf of
redekunde	n	de	logic; rhetoric
hemzelf	r		himself
aerostatica	n	de	aerostatics
miljoenennota	n	de · mv. miljoenennota's	annual budget of the kingdom of the Netherlands, as presented in the…
neerbuigend	a		condescending
oldtimer	n	de · mv. oldtimers	a vintage car or other vehicle
Plantage	m		a hamlet in Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
spurten	v	spurtte – gespurt	to spurt, to sprint
mallerd	n	de · mv. mallerds	silly/crazy person
geil	a		voluptuous, lusty; horny, lusting, randy, sexually focused and/or aroused; too fat/ fertile
snuit	n	de · mv. snuiten	a snout, a muzzle; A face, a facial expression
vulkaan	n	de · mv. vulkanen	volcano
epistemologie	n	de	epistemology
incasso	n	de · mv. incasso's	debit (as in direct debit); the collection of a sum of money
sandaal	n	de · mv. sandalen	sandal
pathologie	n	de · mv. pathologieën	pathology (the branch of medicine)
axioma	n	het · mv. axioma's	axiom
psychonaut	n	de · mv. psychonauten	a (male) person who explores his own psyche, commonly with the aid of…
Prinsjesdag	n	de · mv. Prinsjesdagen	the third Tuesday of September, when the Dutch monarch rides ceremoniously…
Mattias	m		Matthias, the apostle
chemie	n	de	chemistry, the branch of natural science studying the composition and…; chemistry, attraction, rapport
biochemie	n	de	biochemistry, the branch of chemistry studying compounds that occur in…
Lotte	m		a diminutive of the female given name Charlotte
overbodig	a		superfluous, redundant
onnodig	a		unnecessary, not needed
korvet	n	de · mv. korvetten	corvette
lemmet	n	het · mv. lemmeten	blade (of a knife, sword, etc.); wick
mongool	n	de · mv. mongolen	a person with Down's syndrome, a mentally retarded person; imbecile, retard
toxicologie	n	de	toxicology
calèche	n	de · mv. calèches	light, four-wheeled, horse-drawn open carriage with a low wheelbase and a…
geschil	n	het · mv. geschillen	difference of opinion, dispute, strife; the act of peeling (e.g. fruits or vegetables)
puin	n	het · mv. puinen	rubble, debris, wreckage; also as recycled building material; ruins
aron	n	de · mv. arons	arum, plant or flower of the genus Arum; ark (consecrated receptacle for storing Torah scrolls)
genetisch	a		genetic
genetisch	d		genetically
speelvogel	n	de · mv. speelvogels	a person with a very playful nature; bower bird, bird of the family Ptilonorhynchidae
pui	n	de · mv. puien	facade, front of a building; large glass window frame (generally reaching from floor to ceiling) as part…
stijlfout	n	de · mv. stijlfouten	style error, stylistic error (as opposed to a spelling error)
omin	d		very, a lot, extremely
omin	t		a great many
koon	n	de · mv. konen	cheek; gill or jaw (of a fish)
onvrede	n	de	displeasure, unease; quarrel
eindelijk	d		at last, finally
kleurrijk	a		colorful
topologisch	a		topological
persoonlijk	a		personal
omstreden	a		controversial, contentious
afscheiden	v	scheidde af – afgescheiden	to separate; to secrete
smalend	a		scornful
smalend	d		scornfully, pejoratively
overblijven	v	bleef over – overgebleven	to remain; to spend lunch at school
toevertrouwen	v	vertrouwde toe – toevertrouwd	to entrust
beschuldigen	v	beschuldigde – beschuldigd	to accuse, blame
blik	n	de · mv. blikken	a glance; a manner of looking; a can, a tin (container)
inzonderheid	d		especially
verraden	v	verried – verraden	to betray; to give away, to spoil (a secret)
samenstelling	n	de · mv. samenstellingen	composition; compound word
brus	n	de · mv. brussen	sibling
krak	i		crack
krak	n	de · mv. krakken	gadwall (Mareca strepera)
aars	n	de · mv. aarzen	anus, arse(hole), rectum; shit
Nicolaas	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Nicholas
Niels	m		a male given name
differentiëren	v	differentieerde – gedifferentieerd	to differentiate, to show a distinction; to differentiate (calculate a derivative)
discrimineren	v	discrimineerde – gediscrimineerd	to discriminate (making decisions based on prejudice); to discriminate, to make a distinction
parkiet	n	de · mv. parkieten	a parakeet, a budgie; a member of various species of small parrots (not…
bewering	n	de · mv. beweringen	claim; assertion
geding	n	het · mv. gedingen	lawsuit
weiland	n	het · mv. weilanden	pasture
stroop	n	de · mv. stropen	syrup, especially a viscous variety of syrup; poaching (the act of hunting illegally)
kleverig	a		sticky
herdenken	v	herdacht – herdacht	to remember, to commemorate
langdurig	a		long-term, long-lasting
opzicht	n	het · mv. opzichten	supervision; relation, regard
feitelijk	a		actual; factual
feitelijk	d		in fact, de facto; actually
Veronika	m		a female given name, equivalent to English Veronica
pathologisch	a		pathological, morbid
traag	a		slow
vertraging	n	de · mv. vertragingen	delay; deceleration
lavaglas	n	het	lava rock, obsidian
stevig	a		firm, sturdy; sizeable, considerable
stevig	d		firmly
helaas	d		unfortunately
helaas	i		alas!
vergezocht	a		far-fetched
badkamer	n	de · mv. badkamers	bathroom
enorm	a		enormous
enorm	d		enormously, extremely
Rudolf	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Rudolph
schandknaap	n	de · mv. schandknapen	young male prostitute
Timișoara	m		Timișoara (a city in Romania)
ruggenmerg	n	het	spinal cord
toges	n	de	toches; butt, buttocks, hindquarters
doorgedraaid	a		berserk, frenzied; injuriously, maniacally, or furiously violent or out of…; crazy, mental, bonkers
flippen	v	flipte – geflipt	to roll, for example a joint; to go berserk, to flip; to act out of the ordinary, for example having an epileptic attack
geflipt	a		berserk; injuriously, maniacally, or furiously violent or out of control
verkleinen	v	verkleinde – verkleind	reduce, make smaller (in scale or size); diminish, minimize; extenuate
verkleinvorm	n	de · mv. verkleinvormen	diminutive (form)
verkleining	n	de · mv. verkleiningen	reduction; diminutive formation (making a verkleinwoord); belittlement
aceton	n	de/het	acetone
kleineren	v	kleineerde – gekleineerd	to belittle, disparage
neerbuigen	v	boog neer – neergebogen	bow down
neerlandistiek	n	de	the study of the language and literature of the Netherlands/Low Countries
lasten	v	lastte – gelast	to emburden with a load; to charge with a responsibility
majeur	n	de	major scale
mineur	n	de · mv. mineurs	sapper, one who undermines enemy lines and fortifications; military engineer; minor scale
mineur	a		minor (mostly limited to technical jargon); down, depressed, sad
hersenstam	n	de · mv. hersenstammen	brain stem
automobilist	n	de · mv. automobilisten	a motorist, an automobilist
afrikanist	n	de · mv. afrikanisten	a linguist specialised in African linguistics
aker	n	de · mv. akers	bucket; acorn; acre
bolwassing	n	de · mv. bolwassingen	a verbal dressing-down
ballasten	v	ballastte – geballast	to ballast
fluit	n	de · mv. fluiten	flute or the sound it creates; a whistle; organ pipe
Adelheid	m		a female given name
altist	n	de · mv. altisten	altoist
Paulus	m		Paul; a male given name, now rare in this form
slijm	n	de/het · mv. slijmen	slime; mucus (particularly phlegm)
verwerpen	v	verwierp – verworpen	to reject
oordelen	v	oordeelde – geoordeeld	to judge
veroordelen	v	veroordeelde – veroordeeld	to condemn, convict
zanger	n	de · mv. zangers	a singer, songster
zangeres	n	de · mv. zangeressen	female singer; songstress, singeress
unbibium	n	het	unbibium
etten	v	ette – geët	to pasture
revisionist	n	de · mv. revisionisten	a revisionist
makken	v		to spend money
stressig	a		stressful, stressy
ransel	n	de · mv. ransels	satchel (type of rectangular backpack); beating, usually in the combination pak ransel, a 'load' of licks
kleedkamer	n	de · mv. kleedkamers	a dressing room; a lockerroom, changeroom, changing room; a changing room (a room in a theatre or other performance venue in which…
uitkleden	v	kleedde uit – uitgekleed	to undress, divest; to undress oneself; to strip
huilebalk	n	de · mv. huilebalken	a crybaby, a child that weeps often and long; any weepy person, regardless of age; a type of round felt hat with a wide, soft rim and a low crown
getuigenis	n	de/het · mv. getuigenissen	a testimony: declaration/statement serving to bear evidence or proof in an…; hence also other proof
getuigen	v	getuigde – getuigd	to testify, bear witness, give testimony, especially in court; to prove, make apparent; to constitute an indication or evidence
feniks	n	de · mv. feniksen	phoenix
Elzas	m		Alsace (a cultural region, former administrative region and historical…; the name of several feudal and other historical jurisdictions, and part of…
Amer	m		A hydronym; particularly; a river in the province of North Brabant, the Netherlands
oorveeg	n	de · mv. oorvegen	a box on the ear, cuff on the ear
knul	n	de · mv. knullen	a boy or young man, guy, kid, dude
verantwoordelijk	a		responsible
zwembroek	n	de · mv. zwembroeken	a pair of swimming trunks, shorts or briefs worn for swimming or bathing
Mokum	m		the city of Amsterdam, The Netherlands
spruit	n	de · mv. spruiten	a sprout, shoot, a branch-like part of a plant which grows from the rest; a child, seen as a parent's offspring, usually said of a minor; a style or beam which rests on another
troon	n	de · mv. tronen	throne (ornamental seat); throne (angel of an order between cherubim and dominions)
vuil	a		foul, dirty, filthy; obscene, lewd; dishonorable
vuil	n	het	dirt, filth; garbage, trash, waste, litter
muilpeer	n	de · mv. muilperen	a slap in the face, usually a painfully hard blow
orgelen	v	orgelde – georgeld	to play the organ
verlegen	a		shy, bashful, timid; embarrassed; lacking, having a shortage
Nederlander	n	de · mv. Nederlanders	a Dutchman, citizen of - or person originating from the kingdom of the…; inhabitant of the Low Countries, roughly including present Dutchmen,…
gekkekoeienziekte	n	de · mv. gekkekoeienziekten	mad cow disease, BSE
dollekoeienziekte	n	de · mv. dollekoeienziekten	the mad cow disease, BSE
mannin	n	de · mv. manninnen	a masculine woman; an effeminate man
oplawaai	n	de · mv. oplawaaien	a sounding blow, punch, whack, as with a fist; a hard hit, bad blow, inadversity such as a setback
schacht	n	de · mv. schachten	a shaft, a pole-shaped object or part of one, e.g. a handle; a shaft, an access opening
pikant	a		hot, spicy, piquant; piquant, savory
buttplug	n	de · mv. buttplugs	butt plug
kobalt	n	het	the metallic element and material cobalt; the die made from its oxyde; its bluish metallic color shade
beril	n	de · mv. berillen	beryl (gemstone); beryl (substance)
Laz	n	de	a South-Caucasian people of the Trabzon area of Turkey; a Turk from any location near the Black Sea
elektron	n	het · mv. elektronen	electron (the negatively charged subatomic particles that orbit nuclei of atoms)
lijm	n	de · mv. lijmen	glue
concentratiekamp	n	het · mv. concentratiekampen	concentration camp
marmelade	n	de · mv. marmeladen	marmalade
façadisme	n	het · mv. façadismes	the practice in urbanism to renovate a building (especially one enjoying…
tovenaar	n	de · mv. tovenaars	wizard, sorcerer; magician
tovenares	n	de · mv. tovenaressen	wizardess, witch, sorceress; magician
geometrie	n	de	geometry
floes	n	de	money, dough
volksgezondheid	n	de	public health; department of health
berkenroede	n	de · mv. berkenroeden	a birch rod, a rod made from birch twigs
tuf	n	de/het · mv. tuffen	tuff, tufa (porous volcanic rock); car, automobile
Helga	m		a female given name
Helle	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
herstellen	v	herstelde – hersteld	to restore, repair; to recover, recuperate
ongeschikt	a		unsuitable; unfriendly
loopvogel	n	de · mv. loopvogels	a flightless bird which is capable of running
snavel	n	de · mv. snavels	beak, bill; mouth
venijnig	a		venomous; vicious, malicious, hurtful; heated, argumentative, confrontational
afbijten	v	beet af – afgebeten	to bite off
hulpeloos	a		defenseless; helpless (unable to defend oneself)
prooidier	n	het · mv. prooidieren	prey (animal which typically serves as food for carnivores or flesh-eating…
roven	v	roofde – geroofd	to rob, steal; to take away in general
roofdier	n	het · mv. roofdieren	a predatory species, which kills and eats prey; a ruthless person, without regard for victims; a carnivore, which also includes scavengers
afgezonderd	a		isolated
afgezonderd	d		in isolation
kluizenaar	n	de · mv. kluizenaars	a hermit; anybody living in isolation from society, a recluse, a shut-in
monnik	n	de · mv. monniken	monk
schuilnaam	n	de · mv. schuilnamen	a pseudonym that is used to hide one's true identity. A fake identity
koolwaterstof	n	de · mv. koolwaterstoffen	hydrocarbon
aardolie	n	de · mv. aardolies	petroleum, fossil crude oil; a particular variety or composition of petroleum
uitvinding	n	de · mv. uitvindingen	invention
apache	n	de · mv. apachen	member of the (Parisian) underworld
verhapstukken	v	verhapstukte – verhapstukt	to fit (worn-off footwear) with new heels; to mend; to deal with, handle, come to terms with
hoen	n	het · mv. hoenders	a fowl, a gallinaceous bird; the domestic chicken, genus Gallus; the partridge
strategie	n	de · mv. strategieën	strategy
atomist	n	de · mv. atomisten	an atomist
omschrijven	v	omschreef – omschreven	to describe; to transliterate
definiëren	v	definieerde – gedefinieerd	to define
afleggen	v	legde af – afgelegd	to cover (e.g. a distance); to perish, to die; to be defeated
aflegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afleggen
evenaar	n	de · mv. evenaars	equator
nauwkeurig	a		precise, accurate
keur	n	de · mv. keuren	choice; selection; elite
Gouda	m		Gouda (a city and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands)
Gouda	n	de	Gouda cheese
welp	n	de/het · mv. welpen	whelp, young mammal of certain carnivorous species, notably a canine pup,…; human youngster, especially a boy scout in the age group 8–11
getuige	n	de · mv. getuigen	a witness, person who observed; a witness who testifies in a case; a testimony
getuige	p		as shown by, judging by, witness
doop	n	de · mv. dopen	baptism; christening
uitvoeren	v	voerde uit – uitgevoerd	to execute, carry out; perform; to output
vastleggen	v	legde vast – vastgelegd	to moor, to fasten, to tether; to set out, specify; to record, to register
rekenfout	n	de · mv. rekenfouten	miscalculation
afplatten	v	platte af – afgeplat	to flatten
afplatting	n	de · mv. afplattingen	flattening, ellipticity
vervaardigen	v	vervaardigde – vervaardigd	to manufacture
zuchten	v	zuchtte – gezucht	to sigh
ribbenkast	n	de · mv. ribbenkasten	rib cage
staart	n	de · mv. staarten	a tail on an animal; an object dangling like an animal's tail; a tailpiece, part at the end of something
tuimelaar	n	de · mv. tuimelaars	tumbler (one who tumbles); common bottlenose dolphin (Tursiops truncatus); rocker (implement or machine working with a rocking motion)
Sion	m		a hamlet in Rijswijk, South Holland, Netherlands
gloeien	v	gloeide – gegloeid	to glow
gloeilamp	n	de · mv. gloeilampen	incandescent light bulb
verhitten	v	verhitte – verhit	to heat
produceren	v	produceerde – geproduceerd	to produce (bring forth); to produce (music or film)
stroombron	n	de · mv. stroombronnen	current source
bijgevolg	d		consequently
bijgevolg	n	het · mv. bijgevolgen	a side effect, a side consequence
keu	n	de · mv. keuen	cue (for playing billiards); sow; piglet
kleuren	v	kleurde – gekleurd	to color, paint; to blush, turn red
gekleurd	a		not neutral, subjective
bijnaam	n	de · mv. bijnamen	nickname
veruit	d		by far
zwaartepunt	n	het · mv. zwaartepunten	center of mass; centroid; eye of the storm
recentelijk	d		recently
drijfveer	n	de · mv. drijfveren	incentive, motivation, mainspring (something, usually physical, that motivates)
fazant	n	de · mv. fazanten	pheasant (bird of the family Phasianidae, particularly of the tribe Phasianini); common pheasant (Phasianus colchicus)
Gerda	m		a female given name
Gert	m		a male given name derived from Gerard
plasticiteit	n	de · mv. plasticiteiten	plasticity
gevreesd	a		feared
verdieping	n	de · mv. verdiepingen	deepening; floor, storey
verdiepen	v	verdiepte – verdiept	to deepen; to study more thoroughly, to devote oneself (mentally) to
zwaargewond	a		seriously injured, severely wounded, gravely wounded
ontruimen	v	ontruimde – ontruimd	to clear, evacuate
ingezet	a		encrusted
ontkennen	v	ontkende – ontkend	to deny (to assert to be false)
uiteen	d		apart (note: 'uiteen' is the adverbial component of a separable verb)
windstoot	n	de · mv. windstoten	gust
klussen	v	kluste – geklust	to do odd jobs
ontzield	a		dead
verwonden	v	verwondde – verwond	to wound
verdachte	n	de · mv. verdachten	defendant, suspect
verdenken	v	verdacht – verdacht	to suspect (that someone is guilty)
bedragen	v	bedroeg – bedragen	to amount to
grachtenpand	n	het · mv. grachtenpanden	a building located beside an urban canal
waarborg	n	de · mv. waarborgen	guarantee
stadhuis	n	het · mv. stadhuizen	town hall, city hall
Robben	m		a surname
billentikker	n	de · mv. billentikkers	synonym of kontekletser
benigne	a		benign
interbellum	m		the interbellum between World War I and World War II
venter	n	de · mv. venters	a vendor, peddler, door-to-door salesman
mortuarium	n	het · mv. mortuariums	a mortuary, a morgue
geus	n	de · mv. geuzen	a supporter of the insurrectionist faction in the Spanish Netherlands, who…; any one of the Protestants in the Low Countries, in particular of a Reformed…; synonym of geuzelambiek
geus	a		belonging or related to the faction of the geuzen (sense 1 above)
catastrofe	n	de · mv. catastrofen	catastrophe, disaster; catastrophe, dénouement in a classical tragedy
esoterisch	a		esoteric
intrigant	n	de · mv. intriganten	an intriguer, a scheming individual
bassen	v	baste – gebast	to bark, like a dog (rarely in the sense of shouting); to produce a somewhat similar sound, notably as result of a cough
blaag	n	de · mv. blagen	child, kid, only said of minors, in this sense usually in the plural; rascal, brat
deugniet	n	de · mv. deugnieten	good-for-nothing; rascal, scamp, a naughty boy; knave, amusing boy
wasbak	n	de · mv. wasbakken	washbasin
moordenaar	n	de · mv. moordenaars	murderer
vermoorden	v	vermoordde – vermoord	to murder
moordenares	n	de · mv. moordenaressen	murderess
klonen	v	kloonde – gekloond	to clone
goedenacht	i		good night
kannen	v		to know, be aquainted with (kennen)
meren	v	meerde – gemeerd	to moor
signalement	n	het · mv. signalementen	a description of someone's appearance, especially in relation to law…
Dagmar	m		a female given name
Astrid	m		a female given name
Beatrix	m		a female given name from Latin, equivalent to English Beatrice
Horst	m		a village and former municipality of Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Ermelo, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Gilze en Rijen, North Brabant, Netherlands
zoekmotor	n	de · mv. zoekmotoren	search engine
zoekrobot	n	de · mv. zoekrobotten	spider, crawler
manie	n	de · mv. manieën	mania
koppelbaas	n	de · mv. koppelbazen	contractor who acts as a middle man between prospective employer and…; contractor who deliberately employs staff illegally, so both parties can…
huisbaas	n	de · mv. huisbazen	a landlord, who rents a home he owns, or room(s) in it, to one or more tenants
huurder	n	de · mv. huurders	hirer, renter (one who hires something); tenant (of real estate, notably a home or room or apartment)
katalysator	n	de · mv. katalysatoren	catalyst
beurs	n	de · mv. beurzen	a purse, both as object or capital; various objects of similar shape; a stock exchange or exchange market for goods
beurs	a		bruised, hence sore
beurzensnijder	n	de · mv. beurzensnijders	purse-snatcher, cutpurse, pick-pocket, a petty criminal who steals wallets,…; hence metaphorically, somebody charging outrageous prices. "Wat een…
klootzak	n	de · mv. klootzakken	a bawbag (common term of abuse for a man; a bastard or arsehole, q.v.)
Ingrid	m		a female given name
kerkhof	n	het · mv. kerkhoven	churchyard, a Christian cemetery; cemetery
begraafplaats	n	de · mv. begraafplaatsen	cemetery, a ground reserved for graves
begraven	v	begroef – begraven	to bury
slaag	n	de	a beating
fundamentalistenpaar	n	het · mv. fundamentalistenparen	Christian-fundamentalist married couple
damespistooltje	n	het · mv. damespistooltjes	small pistol (literally, lady’s pistol)
gezondheidsschandaal	n	het · mv. gezondheidsschandalen	health scandal (newspaper term)
gefonkel	n	het	shining (for example, of a diamond)
kabaal	n	het · mv. kabalen	din, loud noise made by people; commotion, uproar; e.g. much ado about nothing, fuss over nothing
pierrot	n	de · mv. pierrots	a person dressed in a Pierrot costume
kletskous	n	de · mv. kletskousen	chatterbox
gepeperd	a		peppered, seasoned with pepper(s); spicy, strongly flavored; extreme, strong, et cetera
tegenspraak	n	de · mv. tegenspraken	backtalk, lip; contradiction (logical inconsistency); expression of an opposite opinion
levering	n	de · mv. leveringen	delivery; supply
pover	a		poor, needy; meagre, unimpressive
puit	n	de · mv. puiten	a frog
vernedering	n	de · mv. vernederingen	humiliation, either active or passive
blaffer	n	de · mv. blaffers	one who barks, usually a canine; a (noisy) gun
blaffen	v	blafte – geblaft	to bark, like a canine and certain others species; to shout rudely etc; to grumble, notably said of a hungry stomach
striemen	v	striemde – gestriemd	to hit hard, like the elements
palet	n	het · mv. paletten	palette
overtuigen	v	overtuigde – overtuigd	to convince, persuade
Dinkel	m		A river in the province of Overijssel, Netherlands, originating in Germany
bengel	n	de · mv. bengels	a young rascal, a naughty to mischievous kid, usually a tomboy; a club, stick, bat; an earring
grootvizier	n	de · mv. grootvizieren	grand vizier, head of government under an oriental ruler
Sabine	m		a female given name, popular in the latter half of the twentieth century
kindermisbruik	n	het	child abuse
föhn	n	de · mv. föhns	hair dryer; foehn
viooltje	n	het · mv. viooltjes	the common appellation, regardless of size, for any violet, an ornamental…
deugen	v	deugde – gedeugd	to be good, well-behaved, moral, etc; to be of good quality, be reliable
viool	n	de · mv. violen	violin, fiddle; any violet, an ornamental fragrant plant of the genus Viola (including the…
komeet	n	de · mv. kometen	comet; a rising star, an up-and-coming thing or person, a raging fashion etc
antropologie	n	de	anthropology, the study of mankind
rangaku	n		study of Western knowledge. Dutch authorities from Deshima passed on Western…
sirene	n	de · mv. sirenes	a siren, a noisy warning device; a siren, a dangerous nymph of Greek mythology, luring passers-by using an…; a seductive but dangerous female
rotzak	n	de · mv. rotzakken	scumbag, fiend
eerst	d		first, at first, before something else; at first, before, earlier; only, not until
parapluverkoper	n	de · mv. parapluverkopers	umbrella salesman
stoven	v	stoofde – gestoofd	to stew on a fire; to prepare; to stove
vuurpeloton	n	het · mv. vuurpelotons	firing squad, armed people lined up to perform an execution by bullet(s)
vuren	v	vuurde – gevuurd	to fire, to shoot (a weapon)
vuren	a		made of the wood of the Norway spruce
vuren	n	het	wood of the Norway spruce (Picea abies)
bokking	n	de · mv. bokkingen	buckling, smoked herring
Pia	m		a female given name
maatje	n	het · mv. maatjes	maatjesharing, a young herring; a small size, measure etc; a young or tiny mate
bloembinder	n	de · mv. bloembinders	a flower arranger who binds vegetal and sometimes other ingredients to…
mineralogie	n	de	mineralogy
onvertaalbaar	a		untranslatable
vertaalbaar	a		translatable
lieden	n		men; people
kwaadaardigheid	n	de · mv. kwaadaardigheden	malice, maliciousness
kwaadaardig	a		malignant; malicious
reusachtig	a		giant, huge, enormous in any sense, e.g. great, extremely good
schoenpoetser	n	de · mv. schoenpoetsers	shoeshiner, boots
dwangbuis	n	de/het · mv. dwangbuizen	straitjacket; tight, cumbersome constraints
dwingeland	n	de · mv. dwingelanden	tyrant, despotic ruler who enforces his will upon the state; dictatorial person, who is bossy and coerces others to obedient compliance
valies	n	het · mv. valiezen	portmanteau (travelling case)
huiskat	n	de · mv. huiskatten	domestic cat (domesticated feline species)
reserveren	v	reserveerde – gereserveerd	to reserve; to book (reserve)
beboeten	v	beboette – beboet	to fine, penalise financially (an offender or offense)
vlammen	v	vlamde – gevlamd	to catch flames; to flash, speed like a flare (travel very fast)
bolhoed	n	de · mv. bolhoeden	bowler hat
noteren	v	noteerde – genoteerd	to write down, note
circulaire	n	de · mv. circulaires	circular letter
oekonomie	n	de	household
metonymia	n	de · mv. metonymia's	a metaphor by which an inclusive term stands for something included, or vice…
blozen	v	bloosde – gebloosd	to blush, to flush
Kartveli	n	de · mv. Kartveli's	Georgian
nonsens	n	de	nonsense (meaningless words)
flauwekul	n	de	nonsense; drivel
marcheren	v	marcheerde – gemarcheerd	to march (walk with long, regular strides, as a soldier does)
grensmark	n	de · mv. grensmarken	march (border region)
etmaal	n	het · mv. etmalen	day (period of 24 hours), nychthemeron
lexicografie	n	de · mv. lexicografieën	lexicography (art or craft of writing dictionaries)
notuleren	v	notuleerde – genotuleerd	to minute, to write down the minutes of a meeting
minuscuul	a		minute (very small)
onbeduidend	a		insignificant
nietig	a		minute, puny (very small); insignificant, powerless; annulled, void
telegrafie	n	de	telegraphy
bazin	n	de · mv. bazinnen	female boss, chief, superior; female employer; female owner of a pet
leidster	n	de · mv. leidsters	female leader, head, chief; lodestar, pole star
roep	n	de · mv. roepen	call, shout, cry; reputation; call, demand
kalle	n	de · mv. kalles	girl; lover; whore
telraam	n	het · mv. telramen	abacus (calculating frame)
catalogus	n	de · mv. catalogi	catalogue; register
oen	n	de/het · mv. oenen	a nincompoop, moron, dumb person; a castrated donkey
ontvoering	n	de · mv. ontvoeringen	kidnapping, abduction (act of carrying off of a human being)
abductie	n	de · mv. abducties	abduction (syllogism); abduction, act of abducing (movement away from the median axis of the body)
merkwaardig	a		remarkable, notable; odd, strange, bizarre
onpaar	a		uneven, odd (not divisible by two)
uitzonderlijk	a		exceptional
overblijvend	a		polycarpic
resterend	a		remaining, left-over; odd (left over after others have been grouped)
onregelmatig	a		irregular, unusual, not according to some norm; odd, strange
handhaven	v	handhaafde – gehandhaafd	to enforce, to maintain, to uphold; to persevere with, to persist with/in; to remain in charge, to remain in place
najaar	n	het · mv. najaren	fall, autumn (season after summer)
opnoemen	v	noemde op – opgenoemd	recite, name one by one, as from a list
aanstellen	v	stelde aan – aangesteld	to appoint, to commission, to name for a role; to behave in an exaggerating, immature manner (e.g. childishly, with…
ontspringen	v	ontsprong – ontsprongen	to spring, arise – start to exist; to jump away from
ontspruiten	v	ontsproot – ontsproten	spring (start to exist)
voorjaar	n	het · mv. voorjaren	spring (season)
appelsienenboom	n	de · mv. appelsienenbomen	orange tree
conservenblik	n	het · mv. conservenblikken	can containing preserved food, a tin-plate canister as used for canned food
inblikken	v	blikte in – ingeblikt	to can (to preserve); to look into
conserveren	v	conserveerde – geconserveerd	to preserve; to can (preserve)
afvoeren	v	voerde af – afgevoerd	to bring away, to lead away; to can (to discard an idea, a play)
eendollarbiljet	n	het · mv. eendollarbiljetten	one-dollar bill
secondant	n	de · mv. secondanten	a second, a prominent aide or assistant, chiefly one who is left in charge…; a second (attendant of a duel or boxing match standing in for a contestant)
ondersteuner	n	de · mv. ondersteuners	one who lends support, such as a fan, accomplice or second (who agrees in…
herkansing	n	de · mv. herkansingen	retry, second (another chance to achieve what should have been done the…
bijvallen	v	viel bij – bijgevallen	to fall in addition; to second, take side
paraplu	n	de · mv. paraplu's	umbrella
regenscherm	n	het · mv. regenschermen	umbrella
speelstuk	n	het · mv. speelstukken	man (piece in board games)
bemannen	v	bemande – bemand	to man (to supply with staff or crew)
Nederlandse	n	de	Dutchwoman, Dutch female (from the Netherlands)
acroniem	n	het · mv. acroniemen	acronym (word formed by initial letters)
letterwoord	n	het · mv. letterwoorden	acronym, word formed by initial letters of abbreviated terms
inkomstenbelasting	n	de · mv. inkomstenbelastingen	income tax
bloeden	v	bloedde – gebloed	to bleed
karteldarm	n	de · mv. karteldarmen	colon (digestive system)
schuttingtaal	n	de · mv. schuttingtalen	foul language, such as obscenities and abusive terms
tongzoenen	v	tongzoende – getongzoend	to French kiss (to kiss while inserting one’s tongue into one's companion's…
Tsjaad	m		Chad (a country in Central Africa)
va-et-vient	n	de	comings and goings, toing and froing
kalkoen	n	de · mv. kalkoenen	a turkey; any bird of genus Meleagris, particularly Meleagris gallopavo
mishandeling	n	de · mv. mishandelingen	physical abuse, mistreatment
misbruiken	v	misbruikte – misbruikt	to misuse, to abuse (one's power); to mistreat, to abuse
mishandelen	v	mishandelde – mishandeld	to abuse, to mistreat, to maltreat, to hurt
onteren	v	onteerde – onteerd	to dishonor; to rape, to violate sexually
verkrachten	v	verkrachtte – verkracht	to rape, to abuse
uitschelden	v	schold uit – uitgescholden	to use offensive language to (someone or something); to insult, to abuse, to…
versnelling	n	de · mv. versnellingen	acceleration (act, state); gear (gearbox of a car or bicycle)
acceleratie	n	de · mv. acceleraties	acceleration (amount)
aanhangen	v	hing aan – aangehangen	to adhere to (an idea or philosophy)
Afghaan	n	de · mv. Afghanen	Afghan (person from Afghanistan, person of Afghan ethnicity)
Afghaanse	n	de · mv. Afghaansen	female Afghan (woman from Afghanisation or of Afghan ethnicity or descent)
Albanees	n	de · mv. Albanezen	Albanian (person from Albania)
Albanees	m		the Albanian language
Albanees	a		Albanian (Of or pertaining to Albania or the Albanian language)
Oost-Timor	m		East Timor (a country in Southeast Asia occupying half the island of Timor)
karakter	n	het · mv. karakters	a character, standardized graphic symbol, such as a letter of an alphabet or…; a character; a role, often conventionalised, in theatre
klaarkomen	v	kwam klaar – klaargekomen	to come, to reach orgasm
dubbelpunt	n	het · mv. dubbelpunten	colon (punctuation mark)
promotor	n	de · mv. promotoren	supervisor (for a graduation thesis or doctoral research)
genoom	n	het · mv. genomen	genome (complete genetic information of an organism)
Congo-Brazzaville	m		Congo-Brazzaville (synonym of the Republic of the Congo: a country in…
Congo-Kinshasa	m		Congo-Kinshasa (synonym of the Democratic Republic of the Congo: a country…
narcis	n	de · mv. narcissen	daffodil (plant of genus Narcissus)
metalen	a		metallic, metal -, made of metal or resembling it in color or other properties
nimmermeer	d		never again, not anymore
nimmer	d		never
kikkervisje	n	het · mv. kikkervisjes	tadpole
aarding	n	de · mv. aardingen	ground (electrical conductor connected to point of zero potential)
aarden	a		earthen, made of soil; clay - etc., made of pottery made from soil
aarden	v	aardde – geaard	to ground, connect an electrical conductor as a safety outlet; (used with naar ...) to take after, share (notably inherited) traits with…
poten	v	pootte – gepoot	to set, plant, place a young plant or large seed individually in soil or…; to release young fish or - eggs to regulate the population for fishers' benefit
onervaren	a		inexperienced, green
groene	n	de · mv. groenen	a green one, literally or in some figurative sense (e.g. greenhorn); ecologist, member of the greens (environmentally friendly movement or party)
grauw	a		grey, not brightly colored, ashen, grubby, grimy; dreary, grim, gloomy
grauw	n	het	the colour grey; grey stone or brick; poor people
bestek	n	het · mv. bestekken	silverware, cutlery; plan, planning, design (of a journey or a building project); span, extent
zilverwerk	n	het · mv. zilverwerken	silver (items made of silver or other white metal)
zilverkleur	n	de · mv. zilverkleuren	silver (color/colour), a silvery colour
zilverkleurig	a		silver -, silvery (having the color of/ any colour like silver)
priemgetal	n	het · mv. priemgetallen	prime number (natural number, only divisible by 1 and itself)
ontologie	n	de · mv. ontologies	ontology (the metaphysical study of being)
afschuwelijk	a		heinous, horrible
afschuwelijk	d		heinously, horribly (used as an intensifier)
afgrijselijk	a		heinous, horrible
afgrijselijk	d		heinously, horribly (used as an intensifier)
afschrikwekkend	a		heinous, horrible
uitwringen	v	wrong uit – uitgewrongen	wring (to squeeze or twist tightly so that liquid is forced out)
wijfjeskat	n	de · mv. wijfjeskatten	she-cat, female of the cat; queen (adult female cat)
spalk	n	de · mv. spalken	splint (supportive and immobilising device)
rolbezetting	n	de · mv. rolbezettingen	cast (group of people performing a play)
rolverdeling	n	de · mv. rolverdelingen	cast distribution (casting procedure); cast list; division of tasks or roles between multiple people, role allocation, task…
casten	v	castte – gecast	to cast (assign performing parts in a production); to cast (broadcast over the Internet or a local network)
afgietsel	n	het · mv. afgietsels	cast, an object made by pouring liqui(fie)d matter in a mould
schijn	n	de · mv. schijnen	a shine, glimmering; an appearance, semblance, especially when misleading; a cast (visual appearance)
smijten	v	smeet – gesmeten	to fling or hurl, to throw forcefully
videocamera	n	de · mv. videocamera's	video camera
neergooien	v	gooide neer – neergegooid	to cast down, throw down, floor
afweren	v	weerde af – afgeweerd	to ward off; to parry, to deflect
uitgooien	v	gooide uit – uitgegooid	to remove (from a premises), throw out (general); to cast (throw a fishing line or net into the water)
toewijzen	v	wees toe – toegewezen	to assign
omzetten	v	zette om – omgezet	to turn, to flip; to convert; to cast (change the type of a variable)
peilen	v	peilde – gepeild	to fathom, by casting a lead and line in order to ascertain the depth of water; to test, probe, get the feel of; to poll
aanschouwen	v	aanschouwde – aanschouwd	to behold, see, watch
computermuis	n	de · mv. computermuizen	mouse (manual, click-operated input device)
beeldschoon	a		gorgeous
generatie	n	de · mv. generaties	generation, age
verouderen	v	verouderde – verouderd	to age (become old)
Zweedse	n	de · mv. Zweedsen	Swedish woman
Tsjech	n	de · mv. Tsjechen	Czech (person)
Tsjechische	n	de · mv. Tsjechischen	Czech (female person from the Czech Republic)
veelhoek	n	de · mv. veelhoeken	polygon (plane figure bounded by straight edges)
mineraalwater	n	het · mv. mineraalwaters	mineral water (especially bottled); a glass of mineral water
bronwater	n	het · mv. bronwaters	mineral water, such as spa water; a glass or drink of it
spawater	n	het · mv. spawaters	mineral water
wateren	v	waterde – gewaterd	to water, to irrigate, to soak; to urinate
bereik	n	het · mv. bereiken	reach (a continuous extent of water); compass (area)
beslaan	v	besloeg – beslagen	to cover, occupy; to surround, envelop; to fog up
doorkruisen	v	doorkruiste – doorkruist	to go across, travel across; to compass (go about or round entirely); to cross out
omzwerven	v	zwierf om – omgezworven	to compass (go about or round entirely)
samenzweren	v	zwoer samen – samengezworen	to conspire, plot
ridderen	v	ridderde – geridderd	to dub someone a knight; to confer a knighthood (membership of an order) upon
lul	n	de · mv. lullen	cock, prick (slang for penis); disgusting male person, dick, prick
dierlijk	a		animal, relating to fauna; made of animal(s) (parts), such as furs and edible species; beastly, subhuman, inhumane, etc
eindstreep	n	de · mv. eindstrepen	finish line (literal and figuratively)
afwerken	v	werkte af – afgewerkt	to finish, to complete work on; to finish work for the day
beëindigen	v	beëindigde – beëindigd	to end, to finish, to conclude; to put a stop to
ophouden	v	hield op – opgehouden	to finish, end (to come to an end); to cease, stop; to hold up, to hinder
eindigen	v	eindigde – geëindigd	to end, to finish, to conclude, to come to an end
anarchie	n	de · mv. anarchies	anarchy, a political regime (or movement to establish it) lacking any form…; a state of utter disorder, advanced disorganization and confusion
xylofoon	n	de · mv. xylofoons	xylophone (musical instrument)
kakkerlak	n	de · mv. kakkerlakken	cockroach (certain non-termite insect of the order Blattodea); contemptible person; supporter of Feyenoord
meid	n	de · mv. meiden	girl, lass; maid; Commonly used as an address for female pets, especially female dogs
meidje	n	het · mv. meidjes	girl (female child)
griet	n	de · mv. grieten	girl, (young or any) female, often derogatory: broad; euphemism for God, notable as an alternative for blasphemous cursing; brill, a fish of species Scophthalmus rhombus
genitief	a		genitive (of or pertaining to the case of possession)
genitief	n	de · mv. genitieven	genitive case
genitivisch	a		genitive, genitival (related to the genitive)
betonnen	a		concrete
betonnen	v	betonde – betond	to buoy off a port side by equipping it with protective barrels
koppelwerkwoord	n	het · mv. koppelwerkwoorden	copula (grammar: linking kind of word)
strak	a		tight; tense (showing stress or strain); sleek, without unnecessary bells and whistles (of design)
opspannen	v	spande op – opgespannen	to tense (make or become tense)
luchten	v	luchtte – gelucht	to air, bring something into contact with the air; to give a walk in open air; to stand, suffer, tolerate
wapenschild	n	het · mv. wapenschilden	coat of arms, blazon (heraldic bearings)
bewapenen	v	bewapende – bewapend	to arm (to supply with weapons)
kloosterzuster	n	de · mv. kloosterzusters	sister (a nun; a female member of a religious community)
verpleegster	n	de · mv. verpleegsters	nurse, sister (senior nurse)
opoe	n	de · mv. opoes	granny, grandmother; old woman
bompa	n	de · mv. bompa's	grandfather
nonkel	n	de · mv. nonkels	uncle (brother of someone’s father or mother)
suikeroom	n	de · mv. suikerooms	a wealthy uncle who is generous or whose fortune one expects to inherit; sugar daddy
pandjesbaas	n	de · mv. pandjesbazen	pawnbroker; slumlord
koel	a		cold, chilly (having a low temperature); without warm feelings; cool, with an in-control image
koele	n	de · mv. koelen	a cold, cool one (e.g. a chilled drink)
afstandelijk	a		standoffish, aloof, distant (cold, unfriendly)
onvoorbereid	a		unprepared; cold (unprepared)
verkoudheid	n	de · mv. verkoudheden	cold (illness)
temperatuur	n	de · mv. temperaturen	temperature (measure of cold or heat)
spreekwijze	n	de · mv. spreekwijzen	expression (colloquialism or idiom)
gelaatsuitdrukking	n	de · mv. gelaatsuitdrukkingen	facial expression
openbloeien	v	bloeide open – opengebloeid	bloom; flower (to put forth blooms)
verzinnen	v	verzon – verzonnen	to invent, to make up
Sander	m		a male given name
schijthuis	n	het · mv. schijthuizen	shithouse, outhouse; term of abuse for a coward
oker	n	de · mv. okers	ochre (mineral); ochre (colour)
weergeven	v	gaf weer – weergegeven	to give back; to render, interpret; to display, to reproduce
hagel	n	de	hail (frozen rain); shot (small metal balls used as ammunition)
bies	n	de · mv. biezen	a bulrush, club-rush; any of various plants from the genera Scirpus,…; piping (on a seam)
teren	v	teerde – geteerd	to eat or drink what is necessary to survive; to live, survive by consumption; to tar
gebit	n	het · mv. gebitten	denture (set of teeth, also artificial)
ontlenen	v	ontleende – ontleend	to borrow, to derive
doorgaans	d		generally
koppelen	v	koppelde – gekoppeld	to couple; to clutch, to apply the clutch; to mount (e.g. a drive)
omslag	n	de/het · mv. omslagen	cover (of a book); sudden change, turnaround, reversal; pro rata tax
nudisme	n	het	nudism
kwastvinnig	a		lobe-finned
gelden	v	gold – gegolden	to apply, to be applicable, to be in effect; to count (be estimated as valid, useful, or influential); to be considered [with als ‘as’], to be considered to be
krijt	n	het	chalk; a piece of chalk (in the diminutive form); battlefield, arena
Krijt	n	het	the Cretaceous
uitsterven	v	stierf uit – uitgestorven	to die out, become extinct
uitgestorven	a		extinct
opvissen	v	viste op – opgevist	to fish up
enzym	n	het · mv. enzymen	enzyme
specerij	n	de · mv. specerijen	spice
kruid	n	het · mv. kruiden	herb, herbaceous plant; potherb, medicinal herb; spice
havenplaats	n	de · mv. havenplaatsen	port (any settlement with a harbour)
verschepen	v	verscheepte – verscheept	to embark; to ship
verne	a		of the past year, said especially of wine
heuvelachtig	a		hilly
spekken	v	spekte – gespekt	to lard; to supply, provide; to complete, fill in
spek	n	de/het · mv. spekken	bacon; marshmallow
algoritme	n	het · mv. algoritmen	an algorithm, precise logical computational procedure
mythologie	n	de · mv. mythologieën	mythology (collection and study of myths)
imperialisme	n	het · mv. imperialismen	imperialism
vermoeden	v	vermoedde – vermoed	to suppose; to suspect
vermoeden	n	het · mv. vermoedens	suspicion, assumption, presumption; conjecture
zeldzaamheid	n	de · mv. zeldzaamheden	rarity
zeldzaam	a		scarce, rare
zeldzaam	d		rarely, seldom
omhoog	d		upwards; on high
bemachtigen	v	bemachtigde – bemachtigd	to acquire with difficulty
monding	n	de · mv. mondingen	mouth (of a river or other such current of water)
overdag	d		by day, during daytime, in the daytime
zintuig	n	het · mv. zintuigen	sense (means of perceiving); sense organ
benaderen	v	benaderde – benaderd	to approach; to approximate
satanisme	n	het · mv. satanismes	satanism
gelui	n	het	the ringing of bells
zaalhulp	n	de · mv. zaalhulpen	medical orderly, auxiliary nursing staff
verrassing	n	de · mv. verrassingen	surprise
tulband	n	de · mv. tulbanden	a turban; a cake baked in the shape of a turban
watervrees	n	de	hydrophobia, aquaphobia, fear of water
hondsdolheid	n	de	rabies, a very contagious disease cause by species of Lyssavirus, spread…
hondsdol	a		rabid (affected by rabies); rabid, mad (behaving as madly as a rabies-sufferer, or nearly)
slagroom	n	de	whipped cream
eigenwaarde	n	de · mv. eigenwaarden	self-esteem; eigenvalue
gedurende	p		during
opvolgen	v	volgde op – opgevolgd	to succeed (come after, be next in line to); to succeed, take office after the previous incumbent; to follow up, keep track
wijden	v	wijdde – gewijd	to dedicate, devote; to inaugurate; to bless, sanctify
gewijd	a		dedicated; sacred
tijdgenoot	n	de · mv. tijdgenoten	a contemporary. (someone who lives in the same time period)
wijngaard	n	de · mv. wijngaarden	vineyard, where grapes are grown for wine production; the grapevine, either the whole plant (Vitis vinifera) or one of its…; another vine species, like clematis
formeel	a		formal
formeel	d		formally
autobiografie	n	de · mv. autobiografieën	autobiography (biography of oneself)
hengelaar	n	de · mv. hengelaars	angler, someone who fishes using a fishing rod
heimwee	n	de/het · mv. heimweeën	homesickness
hengel	n	de · mv. hengels	fishing rod; common cow-wheat (Melampyrum pratense)
hengelen	v	hengelde – gehengeld	to angle, to fish with a fishhook on a line on a rod; to fish for information or some reaction
biogas	n	het · mv. biogassen	biogas (gaseous mixture of methane and carbon dioxide)
vestigen	v	vestigde – gevestigd	to establish, to place; to establish oneself; to settle
aaltje	n	het · mv. aaltjes	nematode, roundworm; animal of the phylum Nematoda
octrooi	n	het · mv. octrooien	patent; letters patent
gelijkenis	n	de · mv. gelijkenissen	likeness, similarity; parable
uitvinder	n	de · mv. uitvinders	inventor
eenmaal	d		once
jawel	d		an emphatic yes, to indicate strong agreement, or dissent in reply to a…; yessir
schakelaar	n	de · mv. schakelaars	a switch (device for directing the flow of electric currents)
schakelen	v	schakelde – geschakeld	to switch; to change gear
schaken	v	schaakte – geschaakt	to play chess; to kidnap, to ravish
schaken	n	het	chess
kampioen	n	de · mv. kampioenen	champion
kampioenschap	n	het · mv. kampioenschappen	championship (competition to determine the champion); championship (status or position as champion)
verkrijgbaar	a		obtainable, available
destijds	d		then (at that time)
destijds	t		of that time
horige	n	de · mv. horigen	serf
horigheid	n	de · mv. horigheden	serfdom
louter	a		pure; a lot of; a bunch of
louter	d		only, solely, purely
uiterlijk	n	het · mv. uiterlijken	appearance
uiterlijk	a		external
uiterlijk	d		latest; at latest; no later than
bebouwen	v	bebouwde – bebouwd	to build something on
ellende	n	de · mv. ellenden	misery
verschijning	n	de · mv. verschijningen	appearance, act of appearing; appearance, likeness, how something appears on the outside; appearance, apparition, phenomenon
aanwijsapparaat	n	het · mv. aanwijsapparaten	pointing device
invoerapparaat	n	het · mv. invoerapparaten	input device
stekker	n	de · mv. stekkers	plug (e.g. electrical); jack (e.g. telephone jack)
snoer	n	het · mv. snoeren	a cord, cable; a necklace (especially one formed by stringing a number of objects, such as…; hooker, slut
afzetten	v	zette af – afgezet	to take off (an item of clothing); to switch off (an electronic device); to amputate
demonteerbaar	a		dismountable
beheersbaar	a		controllable
geruim	a		considerable, sizable
vervuilen	v	vervuilde – vervuild	to pollute
bijbehorend	a		associated, matching
zwichten	v	zwichtte – gezwicht	to yield
verleiding	n	de · mv. verleidingen	temptation
verleiden	v	verleidde – verleid	to tempt; to seduce
adelen	v	adelde – geadeld	to ennoble (to bestow with nobility); to ennoble, elevate, edify
uitzondering	n	de · mv. uitzonderingen	exception
straal	n	de · mv. stralen	ray (a beam of light or radiation); a thin stream of liquid, a jet; radius
straal	d		obliviously, to the point of oblivion, utterly
tegelijk	d		simultaneously, at the same time; at a time
toetsenbord	n	het · mv. toetsenborden	a keyboard (input device with buttons for a computer); a keyboard (musical instrument operated by keys; set of keys of such an…
uitbreiding	n	de · mv. uitbreidingen	extension, expansion
gelijktijdig	a		simultaneous, at the same time
gelijktijdig	d		simultaneously
veelvuldig	a		frequent
Pasjtoe	n	het	Pashto
erwt	n	de · mv. erwten	a pea (edible seed); pea plant (Pisum sativum)
fautsoen	n	het · mv. fautsoenen	falchion
halverwege	d		halfway through
halverwege	p		halfway through
belonen	v	beloonde – beloond	to reward
continu	d		continuously
continu	a		continuous (without break, cessation, or interruption in time)
alomtegenwoordig	a		omnipresent, ubiquitous
afbreken	v	brak af – afgebroken	to break off; to demolish, to break down; to decompose
afbraak	n	de	decomposition; demolition
plantaardig	a		vegetable, plant-based
zozeer	d		so much; not so much (...) as (...)
terugkrijgen	v	kreeg terug – teruggekregen	to get back, recover
verhogen	v	verhoogde – verhoogd	to heighten; to increase
overleven	v	overleefde – overleefd	to survive (to remain alive); to survive, outlive (to live longer than)
overleven	n	het	survival
schimmel	n	de · mv. schimmels	mould; fungus, any member of the kingdom Fungi; gray (lightly coloured horse with a pale base and darker marks)
opvangen	v	ving op – opgevangen	to catch
sepot	n	het · mv. sepots	nolle prosequi
kleurstof	n	de · mv. kleurstoffen	dye, colorant
samenwerking	n	de · mv. samenwerkingen	cooperation, working together, collaboration
verwant	a		related (including distant relations)
verwant	n	de · mv. verwanten	relative, family member, including distant relatives
verdringen	v	verdrong – verdrongen	to push aside or away; to repress
voedingsstof	n	de · mv. voedingsstoffen	nutrient
uitdroging	n	de · mv. uitdrogingen	dehydration
koorknaap	n	de · mv. koorknapen	a boy chorister, especially a treble whose voice hasn't broken yet; a juvenile acolyte, who assists the officiating priest; an innocent, trustworthy male person, regardless of age
doorstaan	v	doorstond – doorstaan	to endure, to weather, to withstand
knaap	n	de · mv. knapen	boy, usually adolescent; any human male, regardless of age; a servant, helper
zwavel	n	de	the element sulfur
luchtverontreiniging	n	de · mv. luchtverontreinigingen	air pollution
woest	a		wild, savage, feral, ferocious, furious; inhospitable, rough, wild; (poetic) desolate
woest	d		very, crazy, wildly
uitstoten	v	stootte uit – uitgestoten	to expel; to emit, discharge; to burst out (a shout, a scream, a cry)
korstmos	n	de/het · mv. korstmossen	lichen, symbiotic organism
bedrieglijk	a		deceitful (regarding one's character); fraudulent (regarding one's practices); deceptive (regarding one's looks)
onanisme	n	het	onanism
blasfemie	n	de · mv. blasfemieën	blasphemy
trachten	v	trachtte – getracht	to try, attempt
geacht	a		precious, dear, venerable
hindernis	n	de · mv. hindernissen	hindrance, obstacle
rechthoek	n	de · mv. rechthoeken	rectangle
toestaan	v	stond toe – toegestaan	to permit, allow
aanzienlijk	a		considerable
voorkeur	n	de · mv. voorkeuren	preference
spermatozoïde	n	de · mv. spermatozoïden	spermatozoid
epifyse	n	de · mv. epifyses	epiphysis (end of a long bone); epiphysis, pineal gland
gutsen	v	gutste – gegutst	to gouge; to gush, (especially precipitation) pour down, flow strongly irregularly
kopie	n	de · mv. kopieën	copy (replication)
degen	n	de · mv. degens	epee; duelling sword, court sword (slender sword used in duels and battles;…; hero, warrior, soldier
zijwaarts	d		sideways
aartsabt	n	de · mv. aartsabten	an archabbot, the general superior ranking above all other abbots in certain…
moederhuis	n	het · mv. moederhuizen	motherhouse, from which other monastic 'houses' are founded and/or governed
gemsbok	n	de · mv. gemsbokken	gemsbok (Oryx gazella)
taher	n		Muslim circumcision ceremony
briet	n	de · mv. brieten	bris, Jewish circumcision ceremony
sjocheet	n	de · mv. sjocheten	Jewish butcher. One that makes meat kosher
moheel	n	de · mv. mohelen	mohel
tjokvol	d		chock full, completely full
toonbank	n	de · mv. toonbanken	counter, a furniture surface on which wares are put and transacted
voorwaarts	a		forward
voorwaarts	d		forwards
achterwaarts	a		backward
achterwaarts	d		backwards
testosteron	n	de	testosterone
minachting	n	de · mv. minachtingen	contempt, scorn
afleiding	n	de · mv. afleidingen	distraction; derivation (process by which a word has been derived); derivative (a word which has been derived from another one)
linksom	d		counterclockwise
rechtsom	d		clockwise
neerzetten	v	zette neer – neergezet	to set down, deposit, put down
benevens	p		besides
draagbaar	a		portable
draagbaar	n	de · mv. draagbaren	stretcher, bier
bestemmen	v	bestemde – bestemd	to intend, destine
verzoeken	v	verzocht – verzocht	to request, to demand politely, to petition; to tempt, to lure
aantrekken	v	trok aan – aangetrokken	to attract, exert a pulling force (on an object) such as gravity; to attract, draw, allure, appeal (to someone); to tighten by pulling
schitteren	v	schitterde – geschitterd	to shine, glitter
kreet	n	de · mv. kreten	a cry (shout); slogan, motto, rallying cry
uiten	a		absolute, total; utter (to the furthest or most extreme extent)
uiten	v	uitte – geüit	to express; to utter (to produce (a cry, speech, or other sounds) with the…
daartoe	d		for that purpose, to that end
kussen	v	kuste – gekust	to kiss, to give a kiss to; to practice kissing
kussen	n	het · mv. kussens	pillow, cushion
onthalen	v	onthaalde – onthaald	to welcome hospitably, to regale
eerbied	n	de	respect
zedelijk	a		moral
zedenkunde	n	de	ethics
wandelen	v	wandelde – gewandeld	to stroll, be on a walk (‘to go for a walk’ = ‘gaan wandelen’); to hike; to walk
keuvelen	v	keuvelde – gekeuveld	to chat
omhelzen	v	omhelsde – omhelsd	to hug, embrace
bedwingen	v	bedwong – bedwongen	to restrain
Lodewijk	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Louis, Lewis, or Ludwig
twijfelen	v	twijfelde – getwijfeld	to doubt
ongetwijfeld	d		undoubtedly, surely
belangstelling	n	de · mv. belangstellingen	interest, state of being interested; interest, field of interest, hobby; attention
literatuur	n	de · mv. literaturen	literature
bovenal	d		above all
uitvoerig	a		extensive
uitvoerig	d		extensively
inheems	a		native, indigenous, domestic, autochthonous
schrik	n	de · mv. schrikken	shock, sudden fear or dread; fear, terror, menace
afkoelen	v	koelde af – afgekoeld	to cool off, cool down
overal	d		everywhere, anywhere; all over, throughout (present all over a place)
overal	n	de · mv. overals	overall
nergens	d		nowhere
zweven	v	zweefde – gezweefd	to float, to hover; to glide; to go back and forth, to dither
gunst	n	de · mv. gunsten	favour
gunst	i		good grief, gosh
gunstig	a		favourable
ongunstig	a		unfavourable
zodoende	d		thereby
schadelijk	a		harmful, damaging, detrimental, pernicious, noisome
vervuiling	n	de · mv. vervuilingen	pollution
huishouden	v	hield huis – huisgehouden	to do housekeeping; keep house; to ravage, make a shambles
huishouden	n	het · mv. huishoudens	the housekeeping; a household, domestic unit of cohabitating people
blootstelling	n	de · mv. blootstellingen	exposure (to)
blootstellen	v	stelde bloot – blootgesteld	to expose
voortijdig	a		untimely, premature
verergeren	v	verergerde – verergerd	to worsen, to deteriorate, to aggravate
ziekte	n	de · mv. ziekten	the state of sickness; an illness, disease
tiental	n	het · mv. tientallen	a group of ten; a multiple of ten which is less than a hundred
aandoening	n	de · mv. aandoeningen	ailment; emotion
ademhaling	n	de · mv. ademhalingen	breathing, respiration
ademhalen	v	haalde adem – ademgehaald	to breathe
terechtkomen	v	kwam terecht – terechtgekomen	to land; to end up, wind up (in an unplanned or surprising place)
uitscheiden	v	scheidde uit – uitgescheiden	to secrete; to cease, stop
schatting	n	de · mv. schattingen	estimate; toll, tribute
abondance	n	de · mv. abondances	abundance
brosser	n	de · mv. brossers	a truant, who skips class
emballage	n	de · mv. emballagen	packaging (the materials used to pack something); wrapping (the material in which something is wrapped)
slijmvlies	n	het · mv. slijmvliezen	mucous membrane
afvalstof	n	de · mv. afvalstoffen	waste product (unwanted material produced during some manufacturing process); waste product (unwanted results of metabolism, expelled in the urine and faeces)
aannemelijk	a		plausible
gevoeligheid	n	de · mv. gevoeligheden	sensitivity; tenderness (discomfort when an affected area is touched)
gnosticisme	n	het	Gnosticism
bloedvat	n	het · mv. bloedvaten	blood vessel
vaataandoening	n	de · mv. vaataandoeningen	vascular disease
uitwijzen	v	wees uit – uitgewezen	to point out, indicate; to prove, demonstrate; to expel, exile, extradite
attometer	n	de · mv. attometers	attometer: 10⁻¹⁸ meter
samenhangen	v	hing samen – samengehangen	to coincide, concur
zettameter	n	de · mv. zettameters	zettametre (10²¹ metres)
samenhangend	a		connected, coherent; in connection with
kortdurend	a		short-lived, short-lasting; short-term
vermoedelijk	a		presumable, probable
vermoedelijk	d		presumably
verbranding	n	de · mv. verbrandingen	combustion; burn (wound)
verdamping	n	de · mv. verdampingen	evaporation
steenkool	n	de · mv. steenkolen	coal
mengvoeder	n	het · mv. mengvoeders	mixed fodder
afschuren	v	schuurde af – afgeschuurd	to rub down, to abrade
nader	a		closer, more nearby; more precise
nader	d		closer, near; more precisely
naburig	a		neighboring
ongevaarlijk	a		harmless
dalen	v	daalde – gedaald	to descend; to decrease, to drop
niettemin	d		nevertheless, nonetheless
afnemen	v	nam af – afgenomen	to decrease; to take off, to remove; to take, to draw
tezamen	d		together (with)
mardijker	n	de · mv. mardijkers	former slave (especially Portuguese or Dutch), who was converted to…
romusha	n	de · mv. romusha's	a romusha; an Indonesian or Dutch East Indian subject who had to perform…
dwangbevel	n	het · mv. dwangbevelen	warrant; distress-warrant
dwangmatig	a		inexorable; relentless; compulsive
permoeda	n	mv. permoeda's	Indonesian nationalistic adolescent, used from 1945. Their battle cry was…
factorij	n	de · mv. factorijen	factory, trading post abroad operated by a company
koelie	n	de · mv. koelies	coolie (person of Indian or Indonesian background)
atmosfeer	n	de · mv. atmosferen	atmosphere (gases surrounding an astronomical body); one Earth atmosphere (atm); synonym of sfeer (“atmosphere, ambiance, mood”)
krijsen	v	krees – gekresen	to scream, shriek
schenden	v	schond – geschonden	to violate
chatbot	n	de · mv. chatbots	chatbot
weerssituatie	n	de · mv. weerssituatiën	weather situation
zege	n	de · mv. zeges	victory, triumph
maagd	n	de · mv. maagden	a maiden, a (female) virgin; a virgin of any gender; a Virgo
bronzer	n	de · mv. bronzers	bronzer
Septuaginta	m		Septuagint (ancient translation of the Hebrew Bible into Greek)
ketjap	n	de · mv. ketjaps	kecap, Indonesian soy sauce
juwelier	n	de · mv. juweliers	jeweler
anekdote	n	de · mv. anekdotes	anecdote
blende	n	de	metallic sulphide, in particular blende
sprits	n	de · mv. spritsen	piped or pressed swirly butter cookies formed with a pastry bag
intercity	n	de · mv. intercity's	intercity train
ångström	n	de · mv. ångström	angstrom (unit)
Oltenië	m		Oltenia (a historical region of Romania)
Zoroaster	m		Zoroaster
mascotte	n	de · mv. mascottes	mascot
myriade	n	de · mv. myriaden	myriad
goede	n	de · mv. goeden	good person; the good guys; good (as a concept), that which is good
vlinderdas	n	de · mv. vlinderdassen	bowtie
optellen	v	telde op – opgeteld	to add
aftrekken	v	trok af – afgetrokken	to pull off; to subtract; to clean/level etc. with a squeegee
vermenigvuldigen	v	vermenigvuldigde – vermenigvuldigd	to multiply; to multiply, to become more numerous
machtsverheffen	v	machtsverhief – machtsverheven	to raise to a power, exponentiate
worteltrekken	v	worteltrok – wortelgetrokken	to find a root
rekenkunde	n	de	arithmetic
veelvoud	n	het · mv. veelvouden	a multiple; a multiple, a multiplicity
deler	n	de · mv. delers	divisor; dealer
spiegeling	n	de · mv. spiegelingen	reflection
lijnstuk	n	het · mv. lijnstukken	line segment
willekeurig	a		arbitrary; random
evenveel	t		as many
evenveel	r		as much, as many
hoogstens	d		at most
gelijkheid	n	de · mv. gelijkheden	parity; equality
zoiets	r		something like that, such a thing; such a ... thing; something like that, something similar, the like
daarentegen	d		on the other hand
Europeaan	n	de · mv. Europeanen	European (person from Europe or the European Union)
ontvreemden	v	ontvreemdde – ontvreemd	to steal
ploegen	v	ploegde – geploegd	to plough
verzaken	v	verzaakte – verzaakt	to renounce, to abandon; to neglect, to abandon; to betray, to abandon
academie	n	de · mv. academiën	academy
gers	a		cool, nice
hars	n	de/het · mv. harsen	resin
andersom	d		the other way around
haakje	n	het · mv. haakjes	parenthesis, bracket
alvorens	c		before
ietwat	d		somewhat
brandpunt	n	het · mv. brandpunten	focus – of a lens; focus – of an ellipse
kromme	n	de · mv. krommen	a curve
raaklijn	n	de · mv. raaklijnen	tangent line
snijpunt	n	het · mv. snijpunten	point of simple crossing between two curves – i.e. point of intersection but…
raakpunt	n	het · mv. raakpunten	point of tangency
helling	n	de · mv. hellingen	inclination, slope; dip
strekking	n	de · mv. strekkingen	purpose, tenor; scope (of a sanction); drift (of a storyline)
gesteente	n	het · mv. gesteenten	rock (aggregate of minerals)
slijpen	v	sleep – geslepen	to sharpen; to grind (a lens e.g.)
verovering	n	de · mv. veroveringen	conquest, victory
vervolgen	v	vervolgde – vervolgd	to continue, carry on; to persecute, pursue; to prosecute, sue
eenmaking	n	de · mv. eenmakingen	unification (action or process of unifying groups, institutions or polities)
eenieder	r		anyone; everyone
overgeven	v	gaf over – overgegeven	to hand over, to give over; to surrender, to give oneself up; to vomit
uitroepen	v	riep uit – uitgeroepen	to cry out; to proclaim
gezag	n	het	authority
binnenvallen	v	viel binnen – binnengevallen	to drop in (especially unannounced); to invade
gevangen	a		caught, captive
gevangene	n	de · mv. gevangenen	a prisoner
afstaan	v	stond af – afgestaan	to relinquish, to give up; to cede
verzwakken	v	verzwakte – verzwakt	to weaken, to become weaker; to weaken, to make weaker
weigering	n	de · mv. weigeringen	refusal
diens	t		the latter's (genitive singular of die)
zucht	n	de · mv. zuchten	sigh; longing, desire; a pathological desire or craving
zucht	i		sigh
Hilarius	m		a male given name
vlek	n	de · mv. vlekken	spot, stain, speck; hamlet
bijzin	n	de · mv. bijzinnen	subordinate clause
hoofdzin	n	de · mv. hoofdzinnen	main clause
keizerrijk	n	het · mv. keizerrijken	empire
keizer	n	de · mv. keizers	emperor
deelstaat	n	de · mv. deelstaten	a state – a member state or constituent state of a federation or confederation
bevoegd	a		competent; qualified, authorised, having permission
bevoegdheid	n	de · mv. bevoegdheden	authority, authorization; competence
achterstand	n	de · mv. achterstanden	delay, retardation; the state of being behind others (e.g. peers); the condition of being behind one's opponent(s)
schijnbaar	a		ostensible, apparent
schijnbaar	d		seemingly, apparently
begrijpelijk	a		understandable
berekenen	v	berekende – berekend	to calculate, to compute
berekening	n	de · mv. berekeningen	a calculation, computation; a calculating, cold attitude
veelheid	n	de · mv. veelheden	abundance
samenvatting	n	de · mv. samenvattingen	a summary, a digest
bespreking	n	de · mv. besprekingen	a discussion
verlenen	v	verleende – verleend	to grant
uitgave	n	de · mv. uitgaven	edition (of a publication); release, e.g. of an album; outlay, expenditure
uitgave	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitgeven
doorbraak	n	de · mv. doorbraken	breakthrough (act of breeching or breaking through something); breakthrough (process or instance of becoming widely known or popular)
betrokken	a		involved; clouded
betrokkenheid	n	de	involvement, implication (e.g. in a crime); commitment
weerspiegelen	v	weerspiegelde – weerspiegeld	to reflect, to mirror
lazaret	n	de/het · mv. lazaretten	a medical facility for people suffering from leprosy or mesel, a lazaret, a…; a field hospital
Engelbert	m		a village in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a male given name
Peters	m		a surname originating as a patronymic
Zeilen	m		Vela
mortier	n	de · mv. mortieren	mortar (cannon with near-vertical orientation); mortar (bowl for grinding and crushing); fireworks shell
Filippus	m		Philip (apostle and deacon)
mops	n	de · mv. mopsen	pug, small dog with a snub snout
strelen	v	streelde – gestreeld	to stroke, pet, caress
vegen	v	veegde – geveegd	to sweep; to brush; to wipe
stumper	n	de · mv. stumpers	pitiable person
acceptabel	a		acceptable
antoniem	n	het · mv. antoniemen	antonym (word which has the opposite meaning)
dobbelsteen	n	de · mv. dobbelstenen	dice, polyhedron used in games of chance
teerling	n	de · mv. teerlingen	dice, polyhedron used in games of chance
kwart	n	het · mv. kwarten	a quarter, one of four (equal) parts
kwartaal	n	het · mv. kwartalen	quarter, trimester (period of three months)
Duitse	n	de · mv. Duitsen	German woman
gelopen	v	geliep – gelopen	to walk; to run
aangaande	p		about, concerning
onderscheid	n	het	difference
homoseksualiteit	n	de	homosexuality
echtgenoot	n	de · mv. echtgenoten	husband (male partner in a marriage); spouse
keer	n	de · mv. keren	time (occasion, instance); reversion, reversal, turn
onwaar	a		untrue (not factual, objectively wrong)
generaal	a		general
generaal	n	de · mv. generaals	full general (rank higher than a colonel); general officer
overwinning	n	de · mv. overwinningen	victory, triumph; individual win, as in a contest
derivaat	n	het · mv. derivaten	derivative (something derived); a derivative (financial instrument whose value depends on the valuation of…
odol	n	de · mv. odols	a morning wood (erection upon waking up, nocturnal penile tumescence).…
wervel	n	de · mv. wervels	vertebra
landgenoot	n	de · mv. landgenoten	compatriot
bombarderen	v	bombardeerde – gebombardeerd	to bomb, to bombard (to attack with bombs); to bombard figuratively, to overload
Italiaanse	n	de · mv. Italiaansen	Italian (female inhabitant of Italy)
Italiaan	n	de · mv. Italianen	an inhabitant of Italy; a person of Italian descent; something Italian, e.g. a restaurant
bijdragen	v	droeg bij – bijgedragen	to contribute
overhandigen	v	overhandigde – overhandigd	to hand (give, pass or transmit with the hand)
actie	n	de · mv. acties	action, activity, movement; especially (without article) a fast-paced activity; action
rhonchus	n	de · mv. rhonchi	rhonchus
kleinzoon	n	de · mv. kleinzonen	grandson (son of someone's child)
schoonzus	n	de · mv. schoonzussen	sister-in-law (brother's wife or spouse's sister)
schoonzuster	n	de · mv. schoonzusters	sister-in-law (brother's wife or spouse's sister)
schoonzoon	n	de · mv. schoonzonen	son-in-law (male partner of one's child)
schoondochter	n	de · mv. schoondochters	daughter-in-law (wife of someone's son)
citroengeel	n	het	lemon (colour/color)
kaneel	n	de/het	cinnamon (spice)
inktvis	n	de · mv. inktvissen	squid (marine mollusc of the superorder Decabrachia or Decapodiformes or…
wc	n	de · mv. wc's	toilet (bathroom with toilet); water closet
bloembed	n	het · mv. bloembedden	flower bed
Franken	m		a surname transferred from the given name
aangezicht	n	het · mv. aangezichten	face (part of head), countenance
Zoeloe	a		Zulu (pertaining to the Zulu people, culture, or language)
Zoeloe	n	de · mv. Zoeloes	Zulu, member of the Zulu people
Zoeloe	m		Zulu language
mazzel	n	de	luck
chatten	v	chatte – gechat	to chat
baarmoeder	n	de · mv. baarmoeders	uterus, womb
republiek	n	de · mv. republieken	republic (type of state)
aureool	n	het · mv. aureolen	halo
ervaren	v	ervoer – ervaren	to experience, to undergo
ervaren	a		experienced, seasoned
Gideon	m		Gideon (biblical character); a male given name
Lia	m		a diminutive of the female given name Cornelia
doodziek	a		terminally ill; very sick, as sick as a dog; in a very bad state or condition
doder	n	de · mv. doders	killer
theorie	n	de · mv. theorieën	theory
carrosserie	n	de · mv. carrosserieën	body, bodywork of a motor vehicle
landengte	n	de · mv. landengtes	isthmus
componist	n	de · mv. componisten	composer
klassiek	a		classical
overdrachtelijk	a		figurative, metaphorical; transitive
oorsprong	n	de · mv. oorsprongen	origin; point, place or line whence one originates; source, spring
hoornaar	n	de · mv. hoornaars	hornet (insect)
overdracht	n	de · mv. overdrachten	transfer; transference; transmission
Stoli	n	mv. Stoli's	Stolichnaya vodka
weerhouden	v	weerhield – weerhouden	to hold back
onverhoopt	a		unexpected
onverhoopt	d		unexpectedly
grillig	a		capricious, impulsive; unusual, irregular, strange
gelieven	v	geliefde – geliefd	to please, to delight; to enjoy, love
accepteren	v	accepteerde – geaccepteerd	to accept
eeuwig	a		eternal
eeuwig	d		forever
standbeeld	n	het · mv. standbeelden	statue
afkomst	n	de · mv. afkomsten	origin, birth, descent
navolging	n	de · mv. navolgingen	imitation
armoede	n	de	poverty; penury, deprivation, shortage
dronk	n	de · mv. dronken	drink; draught
gezelschap	n	het · mv. gezelschappen	company, business; club, society, association; social circle, company, companionship
gezel	n	de · mv. gezellen	companion
wantrouwend	a		suspicious
toekennen	v	kende toe – toegekend	to confer – in the sense of grant, bestow
vanuit	p		from (inside), (from) out of
vanuit	d		Alternative spacing in certain forms of the phrasal verb uitgaan van
bewerkstelligen	v	bewerkstelligde – bewerkstelligd	to bring about, to realize
deelnemen	v	nam deel – deelgenomen	to take part, to partake, to participate
kogel	n	de · mv. kogels	projectile: bullet, shot (heavy iron ball used for the shot put); sphere, ball-shaped object
kleven	v	kleefde – gekleefd	to stick, to be attached glue-like; to glue, to adhere something on/to something else, to stick to/on; to be sticky
worp	n	de · mv. worpen	the act of giving birth in mammals; the group of young animals born at the same time (from the same mother mammal); throw (flight of a thrown object)
Petrus	m		Simon Peter, Cephas (Biblical character, early Christian leader); a male given name, now rare outside baptismal names
twijfel	n	de · mv. twijfels	doubt, uncertainty
tufsteen	n	de · mv. tufstenen	tuff
veelal	d		mostly – more often than not (not as strong as meestal)
katoen	n	de	cotton, plant of the genus Gossypium; cotton (fabric)
bedrukken	v	bedrukte – bedrukt	to print on; to sombre
beschilderen	v	beschilderde – beschilderd	to paint, to put paint on, apply paint to
koolzuur	n	het · mv. koolzuren	carbonic acid – H₂CO₃
verrijken	v	verrijkte – verrijkt	to enrich
Mol	m		a surname
zuivel	n	de · mv. zuivels	dairy products (collective name for milk products)
dienblad	n	het · mv. dienbladen	service tray, as used to present and serve dishes, drinks etc
kier	n	de · mv. kieren	fissure, narrow opening
verpanden	v	verpandde – verpand	to pawn (to sell something to a pawn shop)
hofleverancier	n	de · mv. hofleveranciers	royal purveyor (purveyor to the royal household)
pijnboom	n	de · mv. pijnbomen	a pine, conifer of the genus Pinus; mainly the species Pinus sylvestris (Scots pine); other conifers including firs and larch
rechtstreeks	a		direct
rechtstreeks	d		directly
kalksteen	n	de/het	limestone; limestone (piece)
overblijfsel	n	het · mv. overblijfselen	remainder, vestige, remnant
opeenhopen	v	hoopte opeen – opeengehoopt	to pile up, accumulate
merg	n	het	marrow
opeen	d		on top of each other
opeenhoping	n	de · mv. opeenhopingen	accumulation, pile
druppelen	v	druppelde – gedruppeld	to drip
verwering	n	de · mv. verweringen	weathering
verplaatsen	v	verplaatste – verplaatst	to move, transfer – from one place (A) to another (B); to remove
opname	n	de · mv. opnamen	the act of absorbing or assimilating, uptake, absorption; a recording, a record, something that has been recorded; the act of recording
opname	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opnemen
weghalen	v	haalde weg – weggehaald	to take away, remove
ongerust	a		worried
bereiden	v	bereidde – bereid	to prepare (particularly of food and drink)
ontvangst	n	de · mv. ontvangsten	reception, welcome; reception, receiving of something; reception of a transmitted signal such as radio or television
nogmaals	d		once again
meermalen	d		several times
meermaals	d		many times, repeatedly
volwaardig	a		full-fledged
geschiedkunde	n	de	history (the branch of knowledge that studies the past)
prachtig	a		splendid, marvelous
stofzuiger	n	de · mv. stofzuigers	vacuum cleaner, hoover
broos	a		weak, fragile, vulnerable; perishable, short-lived, fading
broos	n	de · mv. brozen	cothurnus
uitoefenen	v	oefende uit – uitgeoefend	to exert
enerzijds	d		on the one hand
anderzijds	d		on the other hand
stichter	n	de · mv. stichters	founder
toeschrijven	v	schreef toe – toegeschreven	to ascribe, attribute, chalk up
kerstekind	n	het · mv. kerstekinderen	baby Jezus; a child born on Christmas (Eve or Day); a dupe, as easy to trick as a young child
schroevendraaier	n	de · mv. schroevendraaiers	a screwdriver (tool)
moer	n	de · mv. moeren	sediment formed in various alcoholic drinks and vinegar; a queen bee; a female hare
hengst	n	de · mv. hengsten	stallion (male horse, especially uncastrated); a very hard hit, like given by a angrily kicking stallion
kalf	n	het · mv. kalveren	a calf (young cow or bull; young bovine); a calf (young elephant
Amerikaan	n	de · mv. Amerikanen	an American (person born in or citizen of the USA or the Americas)
roeping	n	de · mv. roepingen	vocation, calling
houding	n	de · mv. houdingen	attitude; stance; posture, pose
avondmaaltijd	n	de · mv. avondmaaltijden	dinner, supper, the evening meal
alsof	c		as if
isolijn	n	de · mv. isolijnen	isoline
indonesianistiek	n	de	study of Indonesia, its languages and culture
encyclopedie	n	de · mv. encyclopedieën	encyclopedia (comprehensive work of reference with articles on a range of…; encyclopedia (comprehensive summary of knowledge)
zweefvliegen	v	zweefvliegde – gezweefvliegd	to glide in the air; to fly an unpowered sailplane, (of animals) to fly…
zweefvliegen	n	het	gliding, flying with unpowered wings (whether by animals without flapping…
zweefvliegtuig	n	het · mv. zweefvliegtuigen	glider, sailplane
kwadraat	a		squared
kwadraat	n	het · mv. kwadraten	square – of a number
associatie	n	de · mv. associaties	association; connotation (suggested or implied meaning)
synoniem	a		synonymous, having the same meaning (or nearly); exchangeable, inseparable
synoniem	n	het · mv. synoniemen	synonym, word with (nearly) the same meaning as another
adelaar	n	de · mv. adelaars	eagle (Any of several large carnivorous birds in the family Accipitridae); effigy of an eagle; insignia comprising one
stemmer	n	de · mv. stemmers	tuner: someone who tunes a musical instrument; voter: someone who is eligible to vote in an election
Eduard	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Edward
IJslands	a		Icelandic, relating to Iceland and/or its people; in or relating to the Icelandic language
IJslands	m		the Icelandic language
fikken	v	fikte – gefikt	to burn
fikken	n		fingers
schijt	n	de	shit (solid excretory product evacuated from the bowel)
schijt	i		shit!
gewei	n	het · mv. geweien	an antler or a set of antlers, the bony structure(s) on the head of deer,…
turkoois	n	de/het · mv. turkooizen	turquoise, a gem n (uncountable); its typical, bright blue-greenish color n (uncountable); a stone of this gem m
pijnstiller	n	de · mv. pijnstillers	painkiller
tandpijn	n	de · mv. tandpijnen	toothache (in any tooth or in a non-molar tooth in particular)
giftand	n	de · mv. giftanden	a fang, a hollow type of tooth which venomous creatures use to inject poison…
toxine	n	de · mv. toxines	toxin, a type of poisonous substances
knapenschenner	n	de · mv. knapenschenners	a paederast, a pedophile who sexually abuses boys
schroeven	v	schroefde – geschroefd	to screw, manipulate a screw; to circle upwards without flapping the wings much if at all, carried by…
nagedachtenis	n	de · mv. nagedachtenissen	remembrance
bereid	a		ready, prepared; willing
buur	n	de · mv. buren	neighbour
wiens	t		whose
voorganger	n	de · mv. voorgangers	predecessor; pastor
opvolger	n	de · mv. opvolgers	successor
weduwnaar	n	de · mv. weduwnaars	widower, surviving husband
universiteit	n	de · mv. universiteiten	university, (university) college (especially in the United States)
romanisatie	n	de · mv. romanisaties	romanization, process of either acculturation to the Romance culture or of…
grootouder	n	de · mv. grootouders	grandparent, a parent of someone's parent
mineraal	a		mineral
mineraal	n	het · mv. mineralen	mineral
psychiater	n	de · mv. psychiaters	psychiatrist (doctor specializing in psychiatry)
fotograferen	v	fotografeerde – gefotografeerd	to photograph, to shoot (to take a photograph)
aankloppen	v	klopte aan – aangeklopt	to knock on the door
amorf	a		amorphous, shapeless (lacking a definite form or clear shape)
onoverwinnelijk	a		invincible
zonnewende	n	de · mv. zonnewenden	solstice
halfrond	n	het · mv. halfronden	hemisphere; meeting room in the form of a half circle
halfrond	a		hemispherical
nuttig	a		useful, handy
peil	n	het · mv. peilen	level
peiling	n	de · mv. peilingen	measurement (of depth) by sounding; bearing; another test, e.g. by poll
opiniepeiling	n	de · mv. opiniepeilingen	opinion poll, methodic attempt to quantify public opinion
volstaan	v	volstond – volstaan	to suffice
baviaan	n	de · mv. bavianen	baboon, monkey of the genus Papio
schrijden	v	schreed – geschreden	to stride
middernacht	n	de · mv. middernachten	midnight
matigen	v	matigde – gematigd	to moderate
gematigd	a		moderate, liberal
verzoek	n	het · mv. verzoeken	request (act of requesting), friendly demand, petition
inkt	n	de · mv. inkten	ink (coloured fluid used for writing, painting etc.)
hoefijzer	n	het · mv. hoefijzers	horseshoe (metallic 'shoe' for an equine's hoof)
potten	v	potte – gepot	to pot: i.e. to knock a ball into a pocket
ogenblik	n	het · mv. ogenblikken	moment, blink of an eye (instant of time)
bewaker	n	de · mv. bewakers	guard (person who protects something)
pijnlijk	a		painful (physically); painful (psychologically); hurtful, awkward, embarrassing
spraakverwarring	n	de · mv. spraakverwarringen	terminological mix-up
kwajongen	n	de · mv. kwajongens	rascal boy, an imp particularly inclined to mischief
sfinx	n	de · mv. sfinxen	sphinx; A statue of a sphinx
borst	n	de · mv. borsten	chest, thorax; breast
slagzin	n	de · mv. slagzinnen	slogan
overschrijden	v	overschreed – overschreden	to cross – cross over, step across; to overrun; to exceed, to surpass
patrijs	n	de · mv. patrijzen	A partridge, any bird of the genera Perdix or Alectoris; grey partridge (Perdix perdix)
ambtsroede	n	de · mv. ambtsroeden	rod of office, a rod-shaped attribute symbolizing an official dignity
ambt	n	het · mv. ambten	office, function, post (an official position)
hoef	n	de · mv. hoeven	hoof
strafbaar	a		punishable
naakt	a		nude, not wearing any clothing; can also apply to part of the body with…; naked, bald, without protective fur, feathers etc. on the skin
naakt	n	het · mv. naakten	a nude, an artwork representing a naked subject; nakie is informally used in the expression In m'n nakie — In the nude
strafrecht	n	het	criminal law
behartigen	v	behartigde – behartigd	to look after, serve, study, promote, be watchful of [a person's interests],…
tussentijds	a		interim; midterm
paljas	n	de · mv. paljassen	a sack of straw, a paillasse; a buffoon, a clown
beëdigen	v	beëdigde – beëdigd	to swear in, to give an oath to
strafkolonie	n	de · mv. strafkoloniën	penal colony
hamel	n	de · mv. hamels	wether, a castrated ram (male sheep)
aanloop	n	de · mv. aanlopen	run-up (approach run); run-up (period of time before an event); an element, usually an interjection or subordinate clause, preceding the…
betreden	v	betrad – betreden	to tread upon; to enter, to come in
aftreden	v	trad af – afgetreden	to resign, abdicate
hangmat	n	de · mv. hangmatten	hammock
ammoniak	n	de	ammonia (compound in gaseous form)
verval	n	het · mv. vervallen	decay; vertical distance between two points of a watercourse (in units of length)
aantrekking	n	de	attraction
afstoting	n	de · mv. afstotingen	repulsion
everzwijn	n	het · mv. everzwijnen	wild boar (Sus scrofa)
afstoten	v	stootte af – afgestoten	to push away, to repel; to start a game
bijeenhouden	v	hield bijeen – bijeengehouden	to hold together
bijeen	d		together
ijk	n	de · mv. ijken	gauge
zolder	n	de · mv. zolders	attic (space, often unfinished and with sloped walls, directly below the roof)
beroven	v	beroofde – beroofd	to rob [with van ‘of’], to steal from; to deprive
evenzeer	d		likewise
uitwisselen	v	wisselde uit – uitgewisseld	to exchange
Hilde	m		a female given name
bestendig	a		lasting, permanent, as in bestendige deputatie (executive college in a…; resistant, enduring; -proof
Welten	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
roeren	v	roerde – geroerd	to stir, scramble; to move, budge; touch, move (to cause emotion)
aangrijpen	v	greep aan – aangegrepen	to suddenly grasp, to seize (to quickly take hold of); to seize (an opportunity), to take advantage; to move, to stir (arouse strong feelings in)
vandaan	d		from, away
semantisch	a		semantic
urineren	v	urineerde – geürineerd	to urinate (to pass urine from the body)
afwachting	n	de	expectation
omkomen	v	kwam om – omgekomen	to perish
tegengesteld	a		opposite
botsing	n	de · mv. botsingen	collision; wreck; argument
botsen	v	botste – gebotst	to collide
versnellen	v	versnelde – versneld	to speed up, to accelerate
omtrek	n	de · mv. omtrekken	perimeter; circumference; outer line
hellemoer	n	de · mv. hellemoeren	the devil's mother; an extremely evil female
hels	a		hellish, in or related to hell; diabolically horrible, gruesome; devilishly extreme, intense
bruut	a		brutish, rough; brutal, fierce
bruut	n	de · mv. bruten	brute, ruffian
geduldig	a		patient (ability or willingness to accept or tolerate delays, problems, or…
knolraap	n	de · mv. knolrapen	turnip (the white root of a yellow-flowered plant, Brassica rapa, grown as a…
romancier	n	de · mv. romanciers	novelist
bivakmuts	n	de · mv. bivakmutsen	balaclava
waanzinnige	n	de · mv. waanzinnigen	madman, crazy person
waanzinnig	a		out of his/her mind, insane, mad; crazy, fantastic outrageous; extreme
waanzinnig	d		in an insane way; incredibly, extremely (well or good)
medaille	n	de · mv. medailles	a medal (stamped metal disc awarded as a prize)
duivel	n	de · mv. duivels	devil
ichthus	n	de · mv. ichthussen	ichthys (fish used as a Christian symbol)
schepsel	n	het · mv. schepsels	creature, a life form (believed to be created in most religious traditions); wretch; vulnerable, contemptible, or miserable individual
wijfje	n	het · mv. wijfjes	non-human female
creatuur	n	het · mv. creaturen	creature; monster, monstrous or loathsome creature; creation
evolutie	n	de · mv. evoluties	evolution (general: a gradual process of development)
rouwstemming	n	de · mv. rouwstemmingen	mournful mood, as befits a funeral; grave gloom, dark mood
beeldscherm	n	het · mv. beeldschermen	screen (screen where an image is shown); monitor (computer display)
flikkeren	v	flikkerde – geflikkerd	to flicker, to waver unsteadily; to fall; to throw, usually carelessly
kleinzerig	a		petty in relation to pain or hardship, with a low pain threshold, with…
schutting	n	de · mv. schuttingen	a (usually wooden) solid, or nearly solid, barrier separating two pieces of…
onderbroek	n	de · mv. onderbroeken	a pair of undershorts, underpants or pants (underwear for any sex or…
bakker	n	de · mv. bakkers	baker (person who bakes and sells bread, etc)
jij-bak	n	de · mv. jij-bakken	a personal attack, especially a tu quoque
herbivoor	n	de · mv. herbivoren	herbivore (plant-eating animal)
planteneter	n	de · mv. planteneters	a herbivore (plant-eating animal)
kanteel	n	de · mv. kantelen	merlon
fobie	n	de · mv. fobies	a phobia, irrational or obsessive fear or anxiety
ballen	v	balde – gebald	to play with a ball; to form into a ball or similar shape; to clasp, clench (into a fist)
ballen	n		as plurale tantum: gutts, courage, audacity
kloten	v	klootte – gekloot	to mess, to screw around (to waste time)
stallen	v	stalde – gestald	to put an animal in a stable; to park (any human-powered vehicle, such as a bicycle); to put aside, lodge, retire
schaamte	n	de · mv. schaamten	feeling of shame (uncomfortable or painful feeling)
Jenisej	m		Yenisei (a river in Russia)
watermeloen	n	de · mv. watermeloenen	watermelon (plant and fruit)
gewricht	n	het · mv. gewrichten	joint (part of the body where bones join)
bajonet	n	de · mv. bajonetten	bayonet (stabbing weapon attached on a fire-arm)
nasaal	a		nasal, relating to the nose and/or a quality imparted by means of it
nasaal	n	de · mv. nasalen	a nasal
es-groot	n	het	E flat major (Major scale of E flat)
heli	n	de · mv. heli's	chopper
achteraan	d		in the back
achteraan	p		behind (at the back of); after, behind, following
achterwerk	n	het · mv. achterwerken	behind, buttocks
doven	v	doofde – gedoofd	to extinguish; to muffle, to deaden (a sound); to rage, to be crazy
stokvis	n	de · mv. stokvissen	stockfish
geweten	n	het · mv. gewetens	conscience
zeester	n	de · mv. zeesterren	a starfish, echinoderm of the class Asteroidea
gewetenloos	a		without a conscience; not minding one's conscience, amoral, unscrupulous,…; ruthless, merciless, heartless
classificatie	n	de · mv. classificaties	the act of classification, forming into (functional or theoretical) classes; classification, a categorisation into class; the result of the above
viennoiserie	n	de · mv. viennoiserieën	a viennoiserie, a luxury sweet pastry (usually French)
zakkenroller	n	de · mv. zakkenrollers	pickpocket
claustrofobie	n	de · mv. claustrofobieën	claustrophobia
ovaal	a		oval (having the shape of an oval)
ovaal	n	het · mv. ovalen	oval, shape like an egg or ellipse
heuristisch	a		heuristic
broodrooster	n	de/het · mv. broodroosters	toaster (appliance for toasting bread)
pederastisch	a		pederastic
kwast	n	de · mv. kwasten	tassel; fine-haired brush; knot (in wood)
staljongen	n	de · mv. staljongens	stableboy, boy or junior employee working in a stable
Kerst	m		Christ
kerstman	n	de · mv. kerstmannen	Father Christmas, Santa Claus
bobslee	n	de · mv. bobsleeën	bobsleigh, bobsled, a sled used for the homonymous sport
objectief	a		objective, impartial
objectief	n	het · mv. objectieven	goal, objective, target to be achieved; objective, lens of microscope or binoculars closest to the object
vertrek	n	het	departure (the act of departing); room, quarters
intelligentie	n	de · mv. intelligenties	intelligence (capacity of mind)
toespraak	n	de · mv. toespraken	a speech, an address
fundamentalisme	n	het · mv. fundamentalismen	fundamentalism (extremist view in religion)
abri	n	de · mv. abri's	shelter for public transport; protection from wind by a cyclist's or biker's wake; rock shelter, rock overhang
kust	n	de · mv. kusten	the shoreline; the coast, seaside; a coastal region
zeekust	n	de · mv. zeekusten	sea coast (marine shoreline)
vloedgolf	n	de · mv. vloedgolven	a tidal wave, large and sudden rise and fall in the tide causing a massive…; any flood, a crushing mass, an endless sequence
trommel	n	de · mv. trommels	drum, a type of percussion instrument; drum, various, often cylindrically shaped objects or components; cylinder (of a revolver)
aminozuur	n	het · mv. aminozuren	amino acid
edelgas	n	het · mv. edelgassen	noble gas (element of group 18 of the periodic table)
specifiek	a		specific
specifiek	d		specifically
onnozel	a		naive, gullible; silly, goofy; dumb, stupid
onnozelheid	n	de · mv. onnozelheden	silliness; gullibility; futility, petty sum or amount
melaatsheid	n	de · mv. melaatsheden	skin disease; either leprosy (the infectious skin-disease caused by the…
bioscoop	n	de · mv. bioscopen	cinema; movie theater; a visit to the cinema
plassen	v	plaste – geplast	to urinate; to secrete (something) in urine
antilichaam	n	het · mv. antilichamen	antibody, protein that binds to a specific antigen to counter it
tandenborstel	n	de · mv. tandenborstels	toothbrush
anemie	n	de · mv. anemieën	anemia, a medical condition with a decreased amount of hemoglobin, hindering…
azijn	n	de · mv. azijnen	vinegar (condiment)
Baskenland	m		Basque Country (a cultural region that straddles the border of Spain and…; Basque Country (an autonomous community in northern Spain)
constructivisme	n	het	constructivism (Russian art movement involving abstract geometrical objects…; constructivism (school of studying international relations that prioritises…
autisme	n	het · mv. autismen	autism (syndrome on the autism spectrum)
marsepein	n	de/het	marzipan (confection of almond paste, sugar, and egg white)
gevel	n	de · mv. gevels	façade (of a building)
apotheek	n	de · mv. apotheken	pharmacy, apothecary (a place where prescription drugs may be dispensed by…
lijfwacht	n	de · mv. lijfwachten	bodyguard (protector)
buurjongen	n	de · mv. buurjongens	a boy who lives in the neighbourhood
beschimping	n	de · mv. beschimpingen	insult, mocking reproach
optimistisch	a		optimistic
pessimistisch	a		pessimistic
polygamie	n	de	polygamy
polemisch	a		polemic
botanisch	a		botanical, botanic
problematisch	a		problematic
dimmen	v	dimde – gedimd	to dim, to make darker (especially a light); to tone down oneself, to pipe down, to be quiet
wanhopige	n	de · mv. wanhopigen	desperate one, person in despair
koelte	n	de · mv. koeltes	coolness, a cold, but not freezing temperature, possibly pleasant; a breeze; any kind of wind
harmonie	n	de · mv. harmonieën	harmony; harmony, concord
onanie	n	de · mv. onanieën	masturbation, onanism; usually referring to historical contexts where it's…
zwam	n	de · mv. zwammen	a fungus, mushroom
Nieuw-Zuid-Wales	m		New South Wales (a state of Australia, located in the southeastern part of…
grootcommandeur	n	de · mv. grootcommandeurs	knight grand commander, a high rank in certain orders of knighthood
onregelmatigheid	n	de · mv. onregelmatigheden	irregularity, oddity; error, fault, abuse
Mirjam	m		Miriam; a female given name, also spelled Miriam
bekken	n	het · mv. bekkens	basin, broad-shaped liquid container; basin, geological depression; pelvis, basin-shaped body region
bekken	v	bekte – gebekt	to peck (at a target); to sound, to feel in the mouth when sung or spoken, to roll off the tongue a…; to kiss intensely, to French kiss
planken	a		made of plank(s) and/or board(s)
hongerig	a		hungry
bombardon	n	de · mv. bombardons	bombardon, bass tuba
stuiten	v	stuitte – gestuit	to stop, arrest in progress, end; to be arrested, come to rest; to meet, arrive at
rijzweep	n	de · mv. rijzwepen	crop, riding-crop, horsewhip
spitsroede	n	de · mv. spitsroeden	switch, thin rod, used for punishment
fuifnummer	n	het · mv. fuifnummers	party animal
goesting	n	de · mv. goestingen	desire, appetite
fuif	n	de · mv. fuiven	party, festive gathering as celebration (often named in compounds, e.g.…
aerodynamisch	a		aerodynamic, aerodynamical
leefloon	n	het · mv. leeflonen	official term in Belgian law since 2002 for the former bestaansminimum, a…
naakte	n	de · mv. naakten	naked person
lichtekooi	n	de · mv. lichtekooien	prostitute, whore (woman who has paid sex); slut, whore
imperialistisch	a		imperialistic
pentyl	n	het	pentyl
hexyl	n	het	hexyl
octyl	n	het	octyl
nonyl	n	het	nonyl
asymmetrisch	a		asymmetric
symmetrisch	a		symmetric
vervlogen	a		past, bygone
amnestie	n	de · mv. amnestieën	amnesty (act in which pardon is granted)
eurocent	n	de · mv. eurocenten	Eurocent
rumoerig	a		noisy, loud; boisterous, audibly restless, tumultuous to riotous
aromatisch	a		aromatic, fragrant or spicy
gigantisch	a		gigantic
mythologisch	a		mythological
galgenaas	n	het	gallows bird, trouble-maker
dogmatisch	a		dogmatic (colloquially with connotations of strictness and inflexibility)
manisch	a		in an agiated psychic condition; manic
Tasmanië	m		Tasmania (an island group and state of Australia; a former British colony,…
klappen	v	klapte – geklapt	to clap (make sound or music with the hands); to applaud (clap hands in order to praise); to smack, strike rather hard and/or loud
bijdehand	a		bright, smart, sly, pedantic; forward, bold
Duisburg	m		Duisburg (a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany)
afrit	n	de · mv. afritten	highway exit, slip road
trekking	n	de · mv. trekkingen	a draw, the act or event of drawing (especially by chance); pull, the act of pulling
markant	a		striking, distinctive
Jochem	m		a male given name, shortened form of Joachim
eetstokje	n	het · mv. eetstokjes	chopstick
pijnloos	a		painless, painfree; effortless, easy, comfortable
robotica	n	de	robotics
afstoffen	v	stofte af – afgestoft	to dust off, to clean by removing dust; to brush up, refresh, rekindle (knowledge)
schizofrenie	n	de · mv. schizofrenieën	schizophrenia
schoolvos	n	de · mv. schoolvossen	a pedant, notably a teacher who loves finding and correcting faults; an…; an experienced schoolteacher, who knows all the tricks of the trade
teems	n	de · mv. teemsen	a sieve made of horsehair or copper wire
ov	n	het	public transport
vossen	v	voste – gevost	to fuck; to study intensely
blokken	v	blokte – geblokt	to cram, to study hard, to swot
leep	a		crafty, shrewd; with watery, tearing eyes
Leiden	m		Leiden (a city and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands)
vosrekel	n	de · mv. vosrekels	a male fox
rekels	a		scampish, impish; damned, blasted
pedofilie	n	de	pedophilia
schminken	v	schminkte – geschminkt	to facepaint
boemel	n	de · mv. boemels	another mode of transportation (notably a bus) with many stops; loitering; partying
Natasja	m		a female given name
Tonny	m		a male given name; a female given name
litteken	n	het · mv. littekens	scar
bestemming	n	de · mv. bestemmingen	purpose, future function of something; the place set for the end of a journey; destination
accordeon	n	de/het · mv. accordeons	accordion (a portable wind instrument with a keyboard)
eigennaam	n	de · mv. eigennamen	proper noun, the (capitalized) name of a particular person, place,…
eruit	d		out! get out!
frequentie	n	de · mv. frequenties	frequency (rate of occurrence of anything); frequency, measure of pulsation as in (radio) waves
woonkamer	n	de · mv. woonkamers	living room
boekenkast	n	de · mv. boekenkasten	bookcase
boekerij	n	de · mv. boekerijen	library; collection of books
liefhebben	v	had lief – liefgehad	to love (to have a strong affection for)
hoeder	n	de · mv. hoeders	guardian, custodian
Friese	n	de · mv. Friesen	a Frisian woman
Schweinhund	n	de · mv. Schweinhunde	a bastard, an arse; used as a stereotypically German insult
Russin	n	de · mv. Russinnen	a female Russian, a Russian woman
schering	n	de · mv. scheringen	warp – a set of lengthwise yarns through which the woof is woven crosswise
hulpwerkwoord	n	het · mv. hulpwerkwoorden	auxiliary verb (a helping verb)
lauw	a		lukewarm (temperature); cold, indifferent; nice, cool, chill
kirren	v	kirde – gekird	to coo like a pigeon, speak in a soft and low voice
korren	v	korde – gekord	to fish by pulling a small funnel-shaped dragnet by a long rope over the sea…
gambiet	n	het · mv. gambieten	gambit
erbarmen	v	erbarmde – erbarmd	to have mercy, to take pity
erbarmen	n	het	mercy, pity
framboos	n	de · mv. frambozen	raspberry, plant of the species Rubus idaeus; raspberry, a fruit of this plant; raspberry, the reddish color of raspberries
vreugdedans	n	de · mv. vreugdedansen	dance of joy, a celebratory, often improvised choreography
ideaal	a		ideal, perfect(ly fit); optimal; immaterial, aetheral
ideaal	n	het · mv. idealen	an ideal, perfect standard (of beauty, intellect, etc.); something/someone which lives up to it, perfect example; a utopic, unreal perfect aspiration, figment
baseren	v	baseerde – gebaseerd	to base (to have as its foundation or starting point)
meppen	v	mepte – gemept	to smack, slap, swat
vliegenmepper	n	de · mv. vliegenmeppers	flyswatter, implement to manually chase or squash small insects, such as flies
stalknecht	n	de · mv. stalknechten	stablehand, hostler, employee working in a stable
pauw	n	de · mv. pauwen	A peacock, a fowl of the genus Pavo; Indian peafowl (Pavo cristatus)
boerenzoon	n	de · mv. boerenzonen	a farmer's son; farmboy, country-boy
boerenjongen	n	de · mv. boerenjongens	farmboy, country boy; a farmer's boy, i.e. son; an alcoholic beverage with brandy and raisins
zweep	n	de · mv. zwepen	a whip (lashing implement, notably single-tail); a whipping, corporal punishment
heiden	n	de · mv. heidenen	heathen, pagan, person who does not follow an Abrahamic religion; gentile, non-Jew; barbarian, Philistine in the uncivilised sense
corrigeren	v	corrigeerde – gecorrigeerd	to correct (to make something that was not valid become right)
dagvaarding	n	de · mv. dagvaardingen	a summons, formal request/order to come/appear; a subpoena, writ requiring someone to appear in court, e.g. to give testimony
plaatsigheid	n	de · mv. plaatsigheden	arity (number of arguments)
nalatigheid	n	de · mv. nalatigheden	negligence (failure to exercise a standard of care (law))
vlug	a		quick, fast
staaf	n	de · mv. staven	a bar, rod (solid metal object); a rod cell (in the retina)
zeilen	v	zeilde – gezeild	to sail (to ride in a sailboat)
Deen	n	de · mv. Denen	Dane (person from Denmark or of Danish descent)
pianiste	n	de · mv. pianisten	pianist (female)
wrat	n	de · mv. wratten	wart (type of growth occurring on the skin)
aardworm	n	de · mv. aardwormen	an earthworm, the most common terrestrian worm species; an insignificant, or even despicable, creature
regenworm	n	de · mv. regenwormen	earthworm
drijfzand	n	het	quicksand; a treacherous, tricky danger or risk
wachtrij	n	de · mv. wachtrijen	queue
tatoeëren	v	tatoeëerde – getatoeëerd	to tattoo (to apply a tattoo)
pollepel	n	de · mv. pollepels	wooden spoon, a rather shallow spoon used to stir food while cooking
tapijt	n	het · mv. tapijten	carpet (a fabric used as a floor covering)
Mesopotamië	m		Mesopotamia (a geographic region in southwest Asia, spanning from the rivers…; Mesopotamia (a former province of the Roman Empire, existing from 116 to 117…
rozemarijn	n	de · mv. rozemarijnen	rosemary plant (Salvia rosmarinus syn. Rosmarinus officinalis); rosemary; the plant's aromatic leaves, used as a culinary spice (often still…
bezem	n	de · mv. bezems	broom (utensil consisting of fibers and a long handle, used for sweeping)
voorbode	n	de · mv. voorboden	foreboder, person who foretells something impending; indication, telling sign, auspicious or ominous
VN	m		UN
kalm	a		calm, tranquil, free of noise and disturbance; calm, composed, cool-headed
Bosnisch	a		Bosnian
Bosnisch	m		Bosnian (the language)
herberg	n	de · mv. herbergen	inn, lodging
positief	a		positive
positief	n	het · mv. positieven	positive of an image
vrek	n	de · mv. vrekken	scrooge, miser
vrek	a		miserly, avaricious
Arabier	n	de · mv. Arabieren	inhabitant of Arabia; Arab (member of a Semitic people)
handschoen	n	de · mv. handschoenen	glove (item of clothing)
biologisch	a		biological (of biology); organic; produced without chemical pest control (of food)
sterfelijk	a		mortal (susceptible to death)
Occitaans	a		Occitanian, related to Occitania or the Occitan language
Occitaans	m		Occitan, a Romance language, at home in and eponymous of Languedoc
kelner	n	de · mv. kelners	waiter (a server in a restaurant or similar)
verbuiging	n	de · mv. verbuigingen	inflection; declension
beleefd	a		polite (well-mannered)
keton	n	het · mv. ketonen	ketone
discrepantie	n	de · mv. discrepanties	discrepancy (inconsistency)
aquarist	n	de · mv. aquaristen	an aquarist, an aquarium owner or maintainer
magisch	a		magical, controlled or determined by supernatural magic (not illusionism); enchanting, spell-bound etc; psychedelic
syndroom	n	het · mv. syndromen	syndrome
creativiteit	n	de	creativity
seksuologie	n	de	sexology (the study of sex and sexuality)
knowhow	n	de	know-how
Odyssee	m		the Odyssey
Schots-Gaelisch	m		Scottish Gaelic (the Gaelic language of Scotland)
vermarkten	n	mv. vermarkten	to market
artiest	n	de · mv. artiesten	artist
revanchistisch	a		revanchist
nederzetting	n	de · mv. nederzettingen	settlement (a territory where a population have established residence)
handelspost	n	de · mv. handelsposten	trading post
heelkunde	n	de	surgery (discipline)
gelegenheid	n	de · mv. gelegenheden	occasion, opportunity; venue such as a restaurant
crassula	n	de · mv. crassula's	crassula, any plant of genus Crassula
bassin	n	het · mv. bassins	basin, reservoir, bowl; basin, drainage basin; pool
onwelvoeglijk	a		inappropriate (as in cursing); undesired
tegenspoed	n	de · mv. tegenspoeden	adversity (state)
zalmkleurig	a		salmon (having a salmon colour)
krik	n	de · mv. krikken	jack (mechanical device for lifting heavy machinery)
kanariegeel	n	het	canary (colour)
vonnis	n	het · mv. vonnissen	judgment, decision
kubus	n	de · mv. kubussen	cube
marter	n	de · mv. marters	marten (mammal)
gammel	a		shaky, dilapidated, ramshackle
Oceanië	m		Oceania ({{place|en|A <> composed of the islands of the central and southern…
stenografie	n	de	stenography
atoom	n	het · mv. atomen	an atom (building bloc of molecules); a tiny bit
Belgisch	a		Belgian (of or pertaining to Belgium or its people)
Kirgizisch	a		Kyrgyz (of, from, or pertaining to Kyrgyzstan, the Kyrgyz people or the…
Kirgizisch	m		Kyrgyz (language)
kristal	n	het · mv. kristallen	crystal (array of atoms)
weegschaal	n	de · mv. weegschalen	scale (device to measure weight)
kwestie	n	de · mv. kwesties	question, matter (a topic under discussion)
materiaal	n	het · mv. materialen	material (matter)
stillen	v	stilde – gestild	to calm down, to hold up
hinderen	v	hinderde – gehinderd	to hinder, impede; to be in the way, to be a problem
badkuip	n	de · mv. badkuipen	bathtub
hysterisch	a		hysterical, hysteric
identiek	a		identical (exactly equal to)
picknicken	v	picknickte – gepicknickt	to picnic, to have a picnic
smidse	n	de · mv. smidsen	forge, smithy (workshop of a smith)
organel	n	het · mv. organellen	organelle (a membrane bound compartment found within cells)
huig	n	de · mv. huigen	uvula (appendage that hangs from the palate)
affiche	n	de/het · mv. affiches	a placard, a poster containing an announcement or promotional information…
Noors	a		Norwegian
Noors	m		the Norwegian language
competitie	n	de · mv. competities	competition (contest for a prize or award); competition (series of contests or matches, for a prizze); competition, rivalry
vlakte	n	de · mv. vlakten	flatness, levelness; a plain, flatland (tract of land with relatively low relief, level terrain)
Kanaaltunnel	m		Channel Tunnel
kanaal	n	het · mv. kanalen	canal (artificial waterway); television or internet channel; channel (narrow natural body of water)
gaffel	n	de · mv. gaffels	a two-pronged pitchfork or bident; any two-pronged fork, such as a carving fork; a two-pronged antler of a two-year-old stag
abnormaal	a		abnormal (not conforming to rule or system)
spraakkunst	n	de · mv. spraakkunsten	grammar (rules for speaking and writing a language)
batterij	n	de · mv. batterijen	battery, tactical artillery unit; electrical battery, power storage device
lieveheersbeestje	n	het · mv. lieveheersbeestjes	ladybird, ladybug, insectivore beetle of the family Coccinellidae
muildier	n	het · mv. muildieren	mule (the sterile hybrid offspring of a male donkey or ass (he-ass, jackass,…
tabak	n	de · mv. tabakken	the tobacco plant; tobacco, the product made from leaves of certain of its varieties, to be…
rauw	a		raw, uncooked; raw, in a roughed up state, e.g. skinned or infected; hard, cruel, gross, rude
Afrikaan	n	de · mv. Afrikanen	African (a native of Africa)
behoren	v	behoorde – behoord	to belong (be accepted in a group); to befit, behoove
synthetisch	a		synthetic
vermissen	v	vermiste – vermist	to go missing; to lose, to miss
processie	n	de · mv. processies	procession (a group of people or thing moving along in an orderly manner)
leeghoofd	n	het · mv. leeghoofden	airhead, birdbrain
aritmie	n	de	arrhythmia
muleta	n	de · mv. muleta's	muleta (red flag used by toreadors)
idealistisch	a		idealist
nominatief	a		nominative, nominal (giving a name, listed by name; naming, designating)
nominatief	n	de · mv. nominatieven	nominative case
tonica	n	de · mv. tonica's	tonic, keynote
Tibetaans	a		Tibetan (pertaining to Tibet)
fenomeen	n	het · mv. fenomenen	phenomenon (observable event); phenomenon (unexplainable or questionable fact or situation)
tabel	n	de · mv. tabellen	table (grid of data in rows and columns)
syllogisme	n	het · mv. syllogismen	a syllogism (inference from premises)
ambivalentie	n	de · mv. ambivalenties	ambivalence, coexistence of opposing attitudes
gierst	n	de	millet (any of a group of various types of grass or its grains used as food)
dikwijls	d		often (frequently, many times)
inspannen	v	spande in – ingespannen	to put horses, ponies, donkeys or oxen in front of a cart or carriage; to exert (to put in vigorous action)
vluchtstrook	n	de · mv. vluchtstroken	hard shoulder (part of a road where drivers may move to in an emergency)
incontinentie	n	de · mv. incontinenties	incontinence, medical inability to regulate one's defecation
muzikant	n	de · mv. muzikanten	musician (a person who plays or sings music)
musicus	n	de · mv. musici	musician (a person who plays or sings music)
accusatief	n	de · mv. accusatieven	accusative case
dement	a		senile, demented
drankje	n	het · mv. drankjes	a potion; a beverage
Falklandeilanden	m		Falkland Islands (an archipelago and overseas territory of the United…
gierig	a		desirous, covetous; greedy, stingy, miserly
wijsvinger	n	de · mv. wijsvingers	forefinger, index finger
houtskool	n	de · mv. houtskolen	charcoal (heat-transformed wood); a piece of charcoal
hoofdletter	n	de · mv. hoofdletters	capital (uppercase letter)
nachtegaal	n	de · mv. nachtegalen	nightingale (Luscinia megarhynchos); vocal talent, born singer
geweer	n	het · mv. geweren	rifle; gun, in particular a long-barrelled one
koord	n	de/het · mv. koorden	a rope, cord (length of twisted strands)
forel	n	de · mv. forellen	a trout, Salmo trutta; one of certain fish of the subfamily Salmoninae, specifically certain…
kruiswoordraadsel	n	het · mv. kruiswoordraadsels	crossword, a word puzzle arranged in rows and columns
kruiswoordpuzzel	n	het · mv. kruiswoordpuzzels	crossword, a word puzzle arranged in rows and columns
luitenant	n	de · mv. luitenanten	lieutenant
rechterhand	n	de · mv. rechterhanden	right hand, part of the arm; lieutenant; a trustworthy friend or subordinate, a right-hand man / woman
linkerhand	n	de · mv. linkerhanden	left hand, part of the arm
linkshandig	a		left-handed
goudvis	n	de · mv. goudvissen	goldfish (Carassius auratus)
rechtshandig	a		right-handed
woerd	n	de · mv. woerden	drake (male duck); man-made hill or elevation (as used in low areas to protect farmhouses…
cycloon	n	de · mv. cyclonen	cyclone, a storm type with a rotating system of winds
adopteren	v	adopteerde – geadopteerd	to adopt (to take by choice into relationship, as, child, heir, friend, citizen)
analoog	a		analogue; analogous (having analogy; corresponding to something else)
sloot	n	de · mv. sloten	ditch, trench
oneindig	a		infinite, boundless, endless, unlimited
brandweerman	n	de · mv. brandweermannen	a fireman, male member of a fire department
kunstenares	n	de · mv. kunstenaressen	artist (female person who creates art)
creatie	n	de · mv. creaties	creation (act of creating, inventing, etc.); creation, product (something created); creation (universe)
schepping	n	de · mv. scheppingen	an act of physical creation and/or mental creativity; its result, compare schepsel 'creature'; (e.g. Biblical) the supernatural start of all which exists
onsterfelijk	a		immortal, not susceptible to death; unforgettable, lasting; spectacular
schoorsteen	n	de · mv. schoorstenen	a chimney (vertical tube or hollow column; a flue); the smokestack of a steamboat or steam locomotive
voorsteven	n	de · mv. voorstevens	prow, bow
papegaaiduiker	n	de · mv. papegaaiduikers	puffin (Fratercula arctica), a diving seabird with a coloured beak
dissociatie	n	de · mv. dissociaties	dissociation (act of dissociating)
secundair	a		secondary (succeeding first)
dorst	n	de	thirst, physical need/desire to drink; thirst, need, longing
handdoek	n	de · mv. handdoeken	a towel, a cloth used for drying (sometimes for cleaning) one's hands
timmerman	n	de · mv. timmermannen	male carpenter
lijmen	v	lijmde – gelijmd	to glue, join (as) with glue; to convince, win over; to sing (also about humans)
archief	n	het · mv. archieven	archive (place for storing earlier informative material)
parabel	n	de · mv. parabelen	parable
scharnier	n	het · mv. scharnieren	hinge (device for the pivoting of a door)
weerstand	n	de · mv. weerstanden	resistance; electrical resistance; resistor (electronic component)
meubilair	n	het	furniture
nachtmerrie	n	de · mv. nachtmerries	nightmare (bad dream)
Stefanus	m		a male given name; Stephen, the protomartyr
exorcisme	n	het · mv. exorcismen	exorcism
creool	n	de · mv. creolen	in present-day Suriname and various parts of South and Central America, any…; a Creole, a member of a (Latin) American ethno-cultural group of colonial…; a creole language
Slavische	n	de · mv. Slavischen	female Slav (person of Slavic origins)
wafelijzer	n	het · mv. wafelijzers	waffle iron (a cooking appliance used to make waffles)
amputeren	v	amputeerde – geamputeerd	to amputate, surgically remove a body part; to remove something essential, to maim, weaken greatly
uw	t		your; second-person singular and plural possessive determiner
watervliegtuig	n	het · mv. watervliegtuigen	seaplane (an aircraft with floaters as landing gear to enable it to land on…
voortdurend	a		continuous, incessant
voortdurend	d		continuously, incessantly, all the time
doneren	v	doneerde – gedoneerd	to donate (give to charity, etc.)
meertaligheid	n	de · mv. meertaligheden	multilingualism (condition of being able to speak several languages)
berouw	n	het	remorse; regret
berouwen	v	berouwde – berouwd	to (cause to) regret, to rue, to repent
perforator	n	de · mv. perforators	perforator
mormel	n	het · mv. mormels	mongrel, mutt, cur, inferior, ugly dog; unattractive creature
garantie	n	de · mv. garanties	guarantee; warranty
bedanken	v	bedankte – bedankt	to thank; to decline, to reject [with voor] (with connotations of politeness)
bedankt	i		thanks
sneeuwen	v	sneeuwde – gesneeuwd	to snow
sneeuwen	a		snowy, consisting of snow; snow white, being the colour of snow
e-mailen	v	e-mailde – ge-e-maild	to e-mail
rammen	v	ramde – geramd	to ram, to intentionally collide with (a ship or car or building) with the…; to strike (something) hard
boomen	v	boomde – geboomd	to boom (to flourish, grow, or progress)
kijk	n	de	view, opinion (way of understanding or looking at something)
aanzwellen	v	zwol aan – aangezwollen	to swell; to swell up, surge
opzwellen	v	zwol op – opgezwollen	To swell up
zwellen	v	zwol – gezwollen	to swell
kortom	d		in short, summarised, shortly said
soldaat	n	de · mv. soldaten	soldier, private
backpacker	n	de · mv. backpackers	backpacker
vulkanisch	a		volcanic
punani	n	de · mv. punani's	the female genitalia
Jaap	m		a diminutive of the male given name Jacob
Bep	m		a diminutive of the female given name Elizabeth
Truus	m		a diminutive of the female given name Geertruida
Dirkje	m		a female given name, masculine equivalent Dirk
Rinus	m		a male given name
Willem	m		a male given name from Proto-Germanic, equivalent to English William
Wim	m		a male given name, short for Willem
elektromotor	n	de · mv. elektromotoren	an electric motor
ressource	n	de · mv. ressources	resource, means (of existence); a way to turn the course of the game, notably in chess; possibilities, capabilities
minimalistisch	a		minimalist
laurier	n	de · mv. laurieren	laurel (Laurus nobilis)
bladzijde	n	de · mv. bladzijden	page
abusievelijk	d		inadvertently, accidentally
bedriegen	v	bedroog – bedrogen	to deceive; to cheat on one's significant other
noorderling	n	de · mv. noorderlingen	northerner, someone living in, coming from or associated with the north of…
zuiderling	n	de · mv. zuiderlingen	southerner, someone living in, coming from or associated with the south of…
oosterling	n	de · mv. oosterlingen	easterner, someone living in, coming from or associated with the east of the…
westerling	n	de · mv. westerlingen	westerner, someone living in, coming from or associated with the west of the…
baasje	n	het · mv. baasjes	a boy, young male person; pet owner
duimen	v	duimde – geduimd	to put one or both thumbs up, notably as a gesture of approval or when…; to twiddle one's thumbs; to keep one's fingers crossed (i.e. to show support)
vondeling	n	de · mv. vondelingen	foundling, an abandoned and/or orphaned but timely found and raised child
komedie	n	de · mv. komedies	comedy
doorprikken	v	prikte door – doorgeprikt	to puncture; to expose as false; to puncture through completely
prikken	v	prikte – geprikt	to sting, to prick; to poke; to perforate
ontmaskeren	v	ontmaskerde – ontmaskerd	to unmask, to expose, to reveal
decoratie	n	de · mv. decoraties	ornamental decoration, such as for various festivities; honorary decoration, such as a medal
volbloed	a		thoroughbred, purebred; racially pure; pedigreed
volbloed	n	de · mv. volbloeden	Thoroughbred, a horse of prime stock; any purebred and/or pedigreed animal or member of a human ethnic group
terminologie	n	de · mv. terminologieën	terminology
kapmes	n	het · mv. kapmessen	machete
sektarisch	a		sectarian
sekte	n	de · mv. sekten	cult (socially proscribed and often novel religious group)
episch	a		epic
dienstplichtige	n	de · mv. dienstplichtigen	draftee, conscript (non-volunteer (para)military recruit)
gonade	n	de · mv. gonaden	gonad
pikken	v	pikte – gepikt	to peck (as with a bird's beak), hammer; to tolerate, condone (accept begrudgingly), accept or stand (for) something; (informal) to steal, thieve, nick, snatch
eufonie	n	de	euphony
moppen	v	mopte – gemopt	to mop
schermutseling	n	de · mv. schermutselingen	skirmish
kalk	n	de	lime (mineral)
homofobie	n	de	homophobia
paasei	n	het · mv. paaseieren	Easter egg (dyed or decorated egg); Easter egg (egg-shaped chocolate confection)
jongens	n		guys, a form of address for a group of male persons or a group of mixed male…
jongens	i		boy!
stielman	n	de · mv. stielmannen	skilled specialised professional, especially artisan or technician
enigst	a		only, single
enigst	r		only one/thing
fall-out	n	de · mv. fall-outs	fallout
edelman	n	de · mv. edellieden	nobleman, aristocrat
kammen	v	kamde – gekamd	to comb (use a comb to groom hair, fur etc.); to use any other comb, even mechanically
schone	n	de · mv. schonen	a beauty, beau/belle
verschonen	v	verschoonde – verschoond	to change, to replace with a clean piece of the same thing; to excuse, pardon
anarchistisch	a		anarchistic, relating or belonging to anarchism
kreng	n	het · mv. krengen	a cadaver, carcass, corpse, especially when in a state of decay; in…; a bitch, shrew, hateful female
farmacologie	n	de	pharmacology
kneuzing	n	de · mv. kneuzingen	a bruise, a physically hurt part of the body (notably skin) which has no…
kneuzen	v	kneusde – gekneusd	to bruise
bezeren	v	bezeerde – bezeerd	to hurt, cause pain and/or injury; to hurt oneself, to get hurt
Indisch	a		pertaining to the East Indies, especially the Dutch East Indies (present-day…
Indisch	m		Indic; the Indo-Aryan language family
woordenschat	n	de	vocabulary
Michaël	m		a male given name from Hebrew, equivalent to English Michael; Michael the Archangel
woordenlijst	n	de · mv. woordenlijsten	word list, vocabulary
soek	n	de · mv. soeks	souq, bazaar
domkop	n	de · mv. domkoppen	a stupid (not clever) person, a dunce, a duffer
idioot	n	de · mv. idioten	an idiot
idioot	a		idiotic, foolish, stupid; annoying, irritating
gauwdief	n	de · mv. gauwdieven	a fast-fingered, crafty thief; a clever crook, hustler
kiekendief	n	de · mv. kiekendieven	a harrier, predatory bird of the subfamily Circinae
banen	v	baande – gebaand	to make way, to clear
patissier	n	de · mv. patissiers	patissier
Xanten	m		Xanten, a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, near the Rhine
barst	n	de · mv. barsten	a crack, rip, tear; a little, a tiny amount; notably in: geen barst ("not a bit")
barst	i		drat! damnit!
wassenaar	n	de · mv. wassenaars	crescent (incomplete lunar disk); crescent (heraldic or other emblem, especially used by the Ottomans and…
verwelken	v	verwelkte – verwelkt	to wither, wilt
welken	v	welkte – gewelkt	to wither
welken	r		to which, to whom
welk	t		which, what
welk	r		which, which one; which
mokka	n	de · mv. mokka's	mocha (type of coffee); mocha (flavour); mocha (colour)
goedendag	i		hello, good day (greeting used during daytime)
goedendag	n	de · mv. goedendags	a club with a spike on top, used as a weapon in the late Middle Ages
gaard	n	de · mv. gaarden	garden, yard
duizendpoot	n	de · mv. duizendpoten	a centipede, animal of the class Chilopoda; a person of many talents, especially one good at multi-tasking; a jack of…
sonate	n	de · mv. sonates	sonata
Nele	m		a female given name
bewaring	n	de · mv. bewaringen	storage; custody; safekeeping
cosinus	n	de · mv. cosinussen	cosine
geldstraf	n	de · mv. geldstraffen	monetary -, financial punishment, fine
cisgender	a		cisgender
cisgender	n	de · mv. cisgenders	a cisgender person
krassen	v	kraste – gekrast	to scratch on a hard, even surface; to make a similar sound, like certain voices grate and birds caw, croak,…
pornografe	n	de · mv. pornografes	female pornographer
embolie	n	de · mv. embolieën	embolism (obstruction or occlusion of a blood vessel by an embolus)
rooi	n	de · mv. rooien	line
lithiumhydride	n	het	lithium hydride
rolstoel	n	de · mv. rolstoelen	wheelchair
melkboer	n	de · mv. melkboeren	milkman
prijzen	v	prees – geprezen	to praise; to price
schep	n	de · mv. scheppen	scoop, shovel
recyclage	n	de · mv. recyclages	recycling
camembert	n	de · mv. camemberts	camembert (cheese)
panacee	n	de · mv. panaceeën	panacea
Everard	m		a male given name
gebruikster	n	de · mv. gebruiksters	female user
keuze	n	de · mv. keuzen	choice (decision to choose something); choice (range to choose from)
Jesaja	m		Isaiah (Israelite prophet, Biblical figure); Isaiah (book of the Hebrew Bible)
Jeremia	m		Jeremiah (Biblical character, Judahite prophet); Jeremiah (book of the Hebrew Bible)
vermiste	n	de · mv. vermisten	missing person; missing object
klad	n	het · mv. kladden	draft; stain, spot
musicologie	n	de	musicology (study of music)
feilloos	a		flawless, without errors
vlekkeloos	a		flawless, without errors
overtuiging	n	de · mv. overtuigingen	persuasion; belief, opinion
gemenebest	n	het · mv. gemenebesten	commonwealth, voluntary grouping of sovereign nations; capitalized in named…; commonwealth, republic (but not state as in some U.S. states)
halsdoek	n	de · mv. halsdoeken	neckerchief
voorhistorisch	a		prehistoric
Elbert	m		a male given name
antifascist	n	de · mv. antifascisten	antifascist
Algerijns	a		Algerian; of Algeria or its people
toucheren	v	toucheerde – getoucheerd	to perform an intimate (notably rectal) manual medical examination; to lightly touch
supercool	a		supercool (very cool)
visgraat	n	de · mv. visgraten	fishbone; herringbone pattern
stoomfluit	n	de · mv. stoomfluiten	steam whistle, as on a steam engine
blinde	n	de · mv. blinden	blind person; window shutter
buizen	v	buisde – gebuisd	to booze, to drink heavily; to give a failing grade; to get a buis, i.e. a failing grade
pornograaf	n	de · mv. pornografen	pornographer
ouderlijk	a		parental
klopgeest	n	de · mv. klopgeesten	poltergeist; someone who knocks or drops by a lot
kartel	n	het · mv. kartels	cartel; serration
pasbeurt	n	de · mv. pasbeurten	fitting session
Pandora	m		Pandora
thema	n	het · mv. thema's	theme, topic, subject, issue; theme
bruidegom	n	de · mv. bruidegoms	bridegroom
Methoni	m		Methoni (a town in Messinia prefecture, in southwestern Greece); Methoni (a town in Pieria prefecture, in north-central Greece)
autocue	n	de · mv. autocues	autocue
Désirée	m		a female given name
schenner	n	de · mv. schenners	violator
documentaire	n	de · mv. documentaires	a documentary (production, publication etc.)
weekeinde	n	het · mv. weekeinden	weekend, Saturday and Sunday
huistaak	n	de · mv. huistaken	homework
kelder	n	de · mv. kelders	cellar, basement
quitte	a		quits, even
magistraat	n	de · mv. magistraten	a magistrate, judge or high executive state official; a magistracy; city council
alfabetisch	a		alphabetical (in the order of the letters of the alphabet)
dateren	v	dateerde – gedateerd	to date, determine the age (of); to date (from), belong to an age
verzenden	v	verzond – verzonden	to send, to ship
limpido	d		exactly, precisely (of sums of money)
duplo	n	het · mv. duplo's	copy, duplicate
accessoire	n	het · mv. accessoires	accessory (attachment)
medeplichtig	a		sharing in guilt; accessory (assisting a crime)
Japanner	n	de · mv. Japanners	Japanese (inhabitant of Japan; person of Japanese descent)
schrikkeljaar	n	het · mv. schrikkeljaren	a leap year, year with an added leap day, hence 366-day year, in the…
astronaute	n	de · mv. astronautes	a female astronaut (a female member of the crew of a spaceship or other…
roddel	n	de · mv. roddels	gossip, idle talk
saffraan	n	de	saffron (spice)
ketting	n	de · mv. kettingen	chain (a series of interconnected rings or links); necklace
mosterd	n	de · mv. mosterds	mustard
avocadoboom	n	de · mv. avocadobomen	avocado (tree)
dronte	n	de · mv. dronten	synonym of dodo
handpalm	n	de · mv. handpalmen	palm (inner, concave part of a hand)
berin	n	de · mv. berinnen	a she-bear / female bear (female large predatory mammal of the family Ursidae)
voorstander	n	de · mv. voorstanders	advocate (person who speaks in support of something)
ontslaan	v	ontsloeg – ontslagen	to discharge, to let go, to free of one's duties; to fire, to sack (terminate the employment of)
snotneus	n	de · mv. snotneuzen	a snotty, running nose, often symptomatic of a cold; a brat, whippersnapper, an immature and unexperienced youngster; a specific kind of oil lamp
linguïstiek	n	de	linguistics, the scientific study of (a) language (group), the non-literary…
triade	n	de · mv. triades	triad
snotaap	n	de · mv. snotapen	snot, contemptible brat
vormen	v	vormde – gevormd	to form, mold; to make up, constitute; to originate
terzine	n	de · mv. terzinen	tercet
crimineel	a		criminal, contrary to enforceable legal rules; terrible, excessive (generally in a bad sense)
crimineel	n	de · mv. criminelen	criminal (person guilty of breaking the law)
hemd	n	het · mv. hemden	a singlet, undershirt
substantie	n	de · mv. substanties	substance (matter, material); substance (essence, that which is vital); substance (hypostasis, independent essence)
secretaresse	n	de · mv. secretaressen	secretary (a person keeping records and handling clerical work)
metafoor	n	de · mv. metaforen	metaphor (figure of speech)
kostschool	n	de · mv. kostscholen	boarding school, where pupils get lessons, lodgings and meals
Joël	m		Joel, the Biblical prophet (and eponymous Bible book); a male given name, equivalent to English Joel
leen	n	het · mv. lenen	fief, feudal estate
artisjok	n	de · mv. artisjokken	artichoke (Cynara scolymus), an edible plant related to the thistle
erts	n	het · mv. ertsen	ore (rock that contains enough metal or mineral material to be extracted and…
Mantsjoe	n	het	Manchu (language)
sekse	n	de · mv. seksen	gender (behavioural characteristics)
agressie	n	de · mv. agressies	hostile, aggressive behaviour, aggression; aggression, the act of initiating hostile activities, e.g. a military invasion
karnen	v	karnde – gekarnd	to churn (agitate milk rapidly to obtain butter)
attent	a		observant, perceptive; thoughtful, considerate
schaduwen	v	schaduwde – geschaduwd	to shadow, tail, follow closely, like a shadow
angstpsychose	n	de · mv. angstpsychosen	a psychosis that has fear as the most important symptom
vliegveld	n	het · mv. vliegvelden	airfield; airport
kronen	v	kroonde – gekroond	to coronate; to crown, adorn with a coronet, wreath etc; to acclaim, hail, acknowledge ... a winner, champion etc
kreunen	v	kreunde – gekreund	to moan
gênant	a		embarrassing
gêne	n	de	embarrassment
vijl	n	de · mv. vijlen	a file (abrasive tool)
schoppen	v	schopte – geschopt	kick (strike with or raise the foot or leg)
schoppen	n	de · mv. schoppens	spades; a playing card of the spades suit
kicken	v	kickte – gekickt	to get a kick out of; kick (remove someone from an online activity)
kicken	a		cool, awesome
overzetten	v	zette over – overgezet	to ferry (to move someone/something from one place to another in general, or…; to transfer
schop	n	de · mv. schoppen	a shovel, a spade, a digging tool; kick, hit or strike with the leg or foot
encyclopedist	n	de · mv. encyclopedisten	encyclopedist
Tsjechië	m		Czech Republic, Czechia (a country in Central Europe)
labyrint	n	het · mv. labyrinten	labyrinth, maze; intricate problem, logic etc
dageraad	n	de · mv. dageraden	dawn, daybreak
Athene	m		Athens (the capital city of Greece); Athena (ancient Greek goddess of wisdom, craft and war)
contant	a		in cash
contant	d		in cash
roek	n	de · mv. roeken	rook (Corvus frugilegus)
apenstaartje	n	het · mv. apenstaartjes	at sign (the symbol @)
misandrie	n	de	misandry
functioneren	v	functioneerde – gefunctioneerd	to function, to work
eponiem	a		eponymous
eponiem	n	het · mv. eponiemen	eponym (subject whose name is metonymically associated with something)
stoommachine	n	de · mv. stoommachines	steam engine (machine)
kleermaker	n	de · mv. kleermakers	tailor (person who makes, repairs, or alters clothing as profession)
Venetiaans	a		Venetian (relating to Venice)
Venetiaans	m		Venetan, the Romance language spoken in and around Venice
Boedapest	m		Budapest (the capital city of Hungary)
surrealistisch	a		surrealist, surrealistic
potplant	n	de · mv. potplanten	a pot plant, a potted plant
schaaf	n	de · mv. schaven	plane (a tool)
pijl	n	de · mv. pijlen	arrow, projectile; arrow, indicator
gordel	n	de · mv. gordels	belt, a (typically leather) band worn around the waist; belt, roughly belt-shaped area; seat belt
doft	n	de · mv. doften	bench for rowers
teef	n	de · mv. teven	a bitch, a female dog: a female dog or other canine; a despicable woman; a bitch
amandel	n	de · mv. amandelen	almond (nut); tonsil; adenoid
amandelboom	n	de · mv. amandelbomen	almond tree (Prunus amygdalus, syn. Prunus dulcis)
verwarmen	v	verwarmde – verwarmd	to heat, warm
beschadigen	v	beschadigde – beschadigd	to damage
tempel	n	de · mv. tempels	a Jewish synagogue; a masonic ceremonial meeting place, a lodge
lesbienne	n	de · mv. lesbiennes	lesbian
Mongools	a		Mongolian; Mongolic
Mongools	m		the Mongolian language
creuse	n	de · mv. creusen	an oyster of the genus Crassostrea
funest	a		funest, disastrous, catastrophic, fatal
Tadzjieks	a		Tajik (Of, from, or pertaining to Tajikistan, the Tajik people (living in…
Tadzjieks	n	het	Tajik (language)
onzichtbaar	a		invisible (not visible)
niks	r		nothing
niks	a		disagreeable, distasteful, not liking; uninteresting
vijfhoek	n	de · mv. vijfhoeken	pentagon (a polygon with five sides and five angles)
slippen	v	slipte – geslipt	to slide, slip, lose one's traction
uitglijden	v	gleed uit – uitgegleden	to slip (to lose one's traction)
orkaan	n	de/het · mv. orkanen	hurricane; an uncontrollable/destructive force; something moving extremely fast
draak	n	de · mv. draken	dragon (a mythical reptilian or serpentine creature); hag, shrew, bitch (unpleasant, unattractive woman); Something formidable and very dangerous
hommel	n	de · mv. hommels	bumblebee (bee of the genus Bombus)
stuurboord	n	het · mv. stuurboorden	starboard (right hand side of a vessel)
selderij	n	de	celery (Apium graveolens, a herb)
voorhoofd	n	het · mv. voorhoofden	forehead (part of face above eyebrows)
spinazie	n	de · mv. spinazies	spinach (Spinacia oleracea, an edible plant)
prei	n	de · mv. preien	leek (a stem vegetable, Allium ampeloprasum syn. Allium porrum)
dieselmotor	n	de · mv. dieselmotoren	diesel engine
leraar	n	de · mv. leraren	a teacher, a person who gives lessons; a Protestant clergyman, a reverend
onderwijzeres	n	de · mv. onderwijzeressen	a female teacher (female person who teaches)
spanbroek	n	de · mv. spanbroeken	a pair of tights or a pair of tight trousers
jicht	n	de · mv. jichten	gout, a metabolic disease which painfully inflames the joints
ratelslang	n	de · mv. ratelslangen	rattlesnake (poisonous snake with a rattling tail), snake of the genera…
kraanvogel	n	de · mv. kraanvogels	A crane; a bird of the Gruidae family; common crane (Grus grus)
hijskraan	n	de · mv. hijskranen	crane (machinery to lift weighty objects)
vink	n	de · mv. vinken	chaffinch (Fringilla coelebs); One of many other birds of the family Fringillidae; a finch
Assepoester	m		Cinderella (fairy tale and fairy tale character)
aforisme	n	het · mv. aforismen	aphorism
cocaïne	n	de	cocaine (narcotic derived from coca plants)
reactie	n	de · mv. reacties	reaction (action in response to an event); reply, response, feedback (verbal or written answer to a communication); political reaction (reactionaries collectively)
restant	n	de/het · mv. restanten	remnant, remainder
soja	n	de · mv. soja's	soy
dille	n	de	dill (Anethum graveolens)
verhinderen	v	verhinderde – verhinderd	to hinder (to delay or impede movement); to prevent
koppel	n	het · mv. koppels	couple (pair, duo); torque
mijt	n	de · mv. mijten	mite (a tiny, arachnid bug); stack, neatly laid pile; a former copper coin, 1/24 of a groot
Sanskriet	m		Sanskrit (Indo-Iranian language)
tandarts	n	de · mv. tandartsen	dentist
zwerm	n	de · mv. zwermen	swarm (large number of individuals)
amoebe	n	de · mv. amoeben	amoeba (a genus of unicellular protozoa)
kletsmajoor	n	de · mv. kletsmajoors	babbler, chatterbox, all too talkative person
majoor	n	de · mv. majoors	major, a rank above captain; in compounds, -majoor can also mean major - (senior)
klaproos	n	de · mv. klaprozen	a poppy, any of several plants of genus Papaver; synonym of gewone klaproos (“common poppy”); the frail flower of the poppy
bloes	n	de · mv. bloesen	a blouse (an outer garment, usually loose, that is similar to a shirt)
lokken	v	lokte – gelokt	to attract, lure, bait
bijgeloof	n	het · mv. bijgeloven	superstition (a set of unscientific beliefs that future events may be…
postbode	n	de · mv. postbodes	postperson, mailperson (a person who delivers the mail), letter carrier
facteur	n	de · mv. facteurs	mailman
microbiologie	n	de	microbiology (branch of biology dealing with microorganisms)
krach	n	de · mv. krachs	stock exchange crash
contrabas	n	de · mv. contrabassen	double bass
kokosnoot	n	de · mv. kokosnoten	coconut (fruit of coco palm)
brandstichting	n	de · mv. brandstichtingen	arson (crime of setting a fire)
gouden	a		golden, made of gold; precious (as gold), of great (monetary or other) value
vaderland	n	het · mv. vaderlanden	fatherland, one's own native land/nation and/or the country of one's…; Heaven
appelboom	n	de · mv. appelbomen	apple tree (any cultivar of the Malus domestica tree species)
nepotisme	n	het · mv. nepotismes	nepotism (favoring, regardless of merit, of relatives, or by extension…
walsen	v	walste – gewalst	to flatten, notably by (steam)roller; to waltz; to rotate in the glass, so as to free the aroma
roerei	n	het · mv. roereieren	a serving of scrambled eggs; (uncountable) scrambled eggs
mierenneuker	n	de · mv. mierenneukers	nitpicker
kwaliteit	n	de · mv. kwaliteiten	quality
beperking	n	de · mv. beperkingen	restriction, limitation, constraint; disability, handicap
etage	n	de · mv. etages	floor, storey
lening	n	de · mv. leningen	a loan, credit
etnologie	n	de	ethnology
acrocyanose	n	de	acrocyanosis
vergroting	n	de · mv. vergrotingen	enlargement, increase, expansion; magnification
vermindering	n	de · mv. verminderingen	reduction, abatement, decrease, diminishment, lessening
verbreding	n	de · mv. verbredingen	widening (of roads); expansion
corrector	n	de · mv. correctoren	corrector
ijsberen	v	ijsbeerde – geijsbeerd	to pace back and forth
regelneef	n	de · mv. regelneven	a petty, rules-obsessed person; a stickler for rules; control freak
generaal-majoor	n	de · mv. generaal-majoors	major-general, a high rank
loteling	n	de · mv. lotelingen	a recruit designated by lottery
loten	v	lootte – geloot	to draw lots, to hold a lottery
huismuis	n	de · mv. huismuizen	house mouse
luitenant-generaal	n	de · mv. luitenant-generaals	lieutenant general
Bergmans	m		a surname
uitdaging	n	de · mv. uitdagingen	challenge (something challenging); challenge (act of challenging someone)
voorspelbaarheid	n	de · mv. voorspelbaarheden	predictability
voorspelbaar	a		predictable
onvoorspelbaar	a		unpredictable
onvoorspelbaarheid	n	de	unpredictability
aanleg	n	de	bent, disposition, nature; facility, talent; construction
aanleg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanleggen
Honda	m		a Japanese automotive manufacturer; a brand of car manufactured by Honda, or a car of this brand
drinkgeld	n	het · mv. drinkgelden	a tip (a small amount of money left for a bartender or servant as a token of…
fooi	n	de · mv. fooien	a gift of money (often for people such as artists and beggars in places like…; a tip, a gratuity (a small amount of money left for a bartender or servant…
wrens	a		ruttish
verlengen	v	verlengde – verlengd	to extend, to lengthen; to protract, to delay; to become longer, to lengthen
verlengd	a		extended, prolonged
verlangen	v	verlangde – verlangd	to long for, desire, yearn; to expect, to ask (of someone)
verlangen	n	het · mv. verlangens	longing, craving
systeem	n	het · mv. systemen	system
metrohalte	n	de · mv. metrohaltes	railway stop
spitsuur	n	het · mv. spitsuren	peak hour, rush hour
opladen	v	laadde op – opgeladen	to charge, recharge
failliet	a		bankrupt
failliet	n	het · mv. faillieten	bankruptcy, failure; bankrupt person
afslanken	v	slankte af – afgeslankt	to slim, to become slimmer
slank	a		slender, slim
doorstart	n	de · mv. doorstarts	go-around; second beginning (of a company after bankruptcy)
ritten	n	de · mv. rittens	a ritten; a young rat
ritten	v	ritte – gerit	to run back and forth playing (said of children); to tear one's clothes while running
testritten	v	testritte – getestrit	to test drive
gedeeltelijk	a		partial
gedeeltelijk	d		partially
rijbaan	n	de · mv. rijbanen	carriageway
rijstrook	n	de · mv. rijstroken	each of several parallel driving lanes on a (broad) road
strook	n	de · mv. stroken	strip; stripe; driving lane
tweebaans	a		two-way
enkelbaans	a		one-way; a roadway having only one carriageway, even if vehicles do travel upon it in…
toedracht	n	de · mv. toedrachten	how-it-happened (the circumstances under which an event has taken place)
samenloop	n	de · mv. samenlopen	a series of coincidences or concurrent events
naderen	v	naderde – genaderd	to approach
dekking	n	de · mv. dekkingen	cover; mating (of animals); coverage
dekken	v	dekte – gedekt	to cover; to set (the table); to mount and impregnate (a female animal)
woeden	v	woedde – gewoed	to rage
uitbranden	v	brandde uit – uitgebrand	to burn out
kortsluiting	n	de · mv. kortsluitingen	short circuit; the act of communicating directly
heringebruikname	n	de · mv. heringebruiknames	return-to-operation
omvangrijk	a		sizable, bulky, extensive
vakmanschap	n	het · mv. vakmanschappen	craftsmanship
zeggingskracht	n	de	expressiveness
telg	n	de · mv. telgen	descendant, scion
terecht	a		just, right, for good reason
terecht	d		in the right place; in judgment; rightly, justifiedly, for a good reason
dirigent	n	de · mv. dirigenten	a conductor, person who musically directs an orchestra, choir or other music…; a director, person pulling the strings
logé	n	de · mv. logés	a (male) overnight guest
associé	n	de · mv. associés	associate, business partner
vruchtbaarheid	n	de · mv. vruchtbaarheden	fertility
vruchtbaar	a		fruitful; fertile
vreugde	n	de · mv. vreugden	joy
unie	n	de · mv. unies	union
blijdschap	n	de	joy, gladness
beschermster	n	de · mv. beschermsters	protectress
duister	a		dark; bleak; gloomy
verduisteren	v	verduisterde – verduisterd	to darken; to embezzle
verduistering	n	de · mv. verduisteringen	darkening; embezzlement; blackout
zonsverduistering	n	de · mv. zonsverduisteringen	solar eclipse
waarneembaar	a		perceptible; observable
vereren	v	vereerde – vereerd	to worship, venerate; to idolize; to honour, grace, e.g. with a visit
vertrouwd	a		familiar
vanzelfsprekend	a		self-evident, evident, obvious; taken for granted, natural
sprekend	d		strongly resembling, a spitting image of, a dead ringer of
vakman	n	de · mv. vakmannen	craftsman; specialist, expert
meesterschap	n	het · mv. meesterschappen	mastery, mastership
maatschap	n	de · mv. maatschappen	partnership, venture (a legal partnership of two or more natural or legal…
belemmeren	v	belemmerde – belemmerd	to obstruct, to hinder, to hamper
knijpkat	n	de · mv. knijpkatten	dyno torch, dynamo torch
pushback	n	de · mv. pushbacks	pushback; pushback (the pushing back of refugees and migrants)
blaas	n	de · mv. blazen	bladder
blaasinstrument	n	het · mv. blaasinstrumenten	wind instrument
wraakzuchtig	a		vengeful, eager for revenge, vindictive
toegestaan	a		allowed, permitted
katachtig	a		feline; cat-like, belonging to the Felidae family
zachtaardig	a		gentle, good-natured, mild
zachtaardig	d		gently
huisvrouw	n	de · mv. huisvrouwen	housewife, female homemaker
taalkundige	n	de · mv. taalkundigen	linguist, one who studies linguistics
linguïst	n	de · mv. linguïsten	linguist (one who studies linguistics)
voltrekken	v	voltrok – voltrokken	to execute, carry out; to happen, to take place
duurte	n	de · mv. duurten	dearth, scarcity; a period in which basic necessities such as food are…
belichaming	n	de · mv. belichamingen	embodiment
fysica	n	de · mv. fysica's	physics (branch of science)
Malgasy	m		Malagasy (language)
anijs	n	de	anise (Pimpinella anisum, plant and spice)
Anne-Marie	m		a female given name, combination of Anne and Marie
reu	n	de · mv. reuen	male dog or other canine
ieders	r		everybody's
landkaart	n	de · mv. landkaarten	geographical map (visual representation of an area), usually showing or…
stroom	n	de · mv. stromen	a flow, current or flush, as of moving water or other liquid; a major river, especially one leading to the sea or ocean; a smaller stream
stroomgebied	n	het · mv. stroomgebieden	drainage basin
servies	n	het · mv. serviezen	service, set of dishes and eating utensils
aanwijzing	n	de · mv. aanwijzingen	indication, sign (something that indicates); hint, clue
akkerbouw	n	de	tillage, branch of agriculture dedicated to the cultivation of crops and…
fiks	a		strong; large, sizable
leest	n	de · mv. leesten	last (form on which shoes are made or repaired); style, model, example
stapel	n	de · mv. stapels	pile; sound post; cricket (or alternatively, grasshopper)
nadien	d		afterwards, since then
naargelang	p		according to, depending on; as, to the extent that, along
vergezellen	v	vergezelde – vergezeld	to accompany (attend as a companion)
dadelijk	d		presently, very soon, at once
knus	a		cozy, (UK) cosy; snug, intimate
knut	n	de · mv. knutten	gnat
stijve	n	de · mv. stijven	a stiffy, hard-on, an erect phallus; hence, an erection
statistisch	a		statistical
epistel	n	de/het · mv. epistels	epistle; a literary composition in the form of a letter; one of the letters included as a book of the New Testament
teint	n	de/het · mv. teints	tint, hue, tone; (particularly) skin tone, complexion
onkruid	n	het · mv. onkruiden	weed; (uncountable) weeds
psychometrie	n	de	psychometry
meedelen	v	deelde mee – meegedeeld	to communicate, to disseminate (share information)
ophef	n	de · mv. opheffen	uproar, commotion
ophef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opheffen
rel	n	de · mv. rellen	riot; scandal, outrage
opspraak	n	de	attention in public discourse
toespeling	n	de · mv. toespelingen	allusion
ingaan	v	ging in – ingegaan	to enter, to go inside; to go along with, to go into (a discussion, argument, request etc.); to contradict, to go against
vastbinden	v	bond vast – vastgebonden	to tie up
gijzeling	n	de · mv. gijzelingen	kidnapping; taking of hostages; hijacking
ondernemer	n	de · mv. ondernemers	entrepreneur
douane	n	de · mv. douanen	customs (service/authorities/administration); customs officer
aangifte	n	de · mv. aangiften	declaration (taxes, customs, etc.); report, statement (official account of a crime)
misdrijf	n	het · mv. misdrijven	felony
overtreding	n	de · mv. overtredingen	transgression, violation; foul
granaat	n	de · mv. granaten	a grenade; e.g. a hand grenade, an artillery shell; a garnet
verwarring	n	de · mv. verwarringen	confusion
landingsbaan	n	de · mv. landingsbanen	a runway, landing strip
kaarten	v	kaartte – gekaart	to play card games
berechtigen	v	berechtigde – berechtigd	to entitle; to authorize
nastreven	v	streefde na – nagestreefd	to pursue
kerstfeest	n	het · mv. kerstfeesten	Christmas
assortiment	n	het · mv. assortimenten	assortment; product base
verschuiving	n	de · mv. verschuivingen	shift
verzet	n	het	resistance; resistance movement; a diversion, an activity that distracts the mind
leuze	n	de · mv. leuzen	motto; watchword (rallying cry)
onderdrukking	n	de · mv. onderdrukkingen	oppression
printen	v	printte – geprint	to print
splitsen	v	splitste – gesplitst	split (divide along a more or less straight line)
astatium	n	het	astatine
zolen	v	zoolde – gezoold	to sole, to put a sole on (a shoe or boot)
loods	n	de · mv. loodsen	pilot, expert who helps navigate to the harbor or coast; pilot fish; guide
halogenide	n	het · mv. halogeniden	halide
onomatopee	n	de · mv. onomatopeeën	onomatopoeia, a word which imitates a sound
Sardinië	m		Sardinia (an island and autonomous region of Italy, in the Mediterranean Sea)
Laotiaans	a		Laotian; from or related to Laos and/or the Laotian people; in or relating to the Laotian language
Laotiaans	m		the Laotian language
gember	n	de · mv. gembers	ginger (Zingiber officinale, a plant); ginger (the root of Zingiber officinale used as spice)
biocide	n	het · mv. biocides	biocide
alpien	a		alpine
roem	n	de	glory (honour and valour)
toverstaf	n	de · mv. toverstaven	magic wand, stick or staff used to perform magic
oksel	n	de · mv. oksels	armpit; angle between two parts of a plant
dyslexie	n	de	dyslexia (a syndrome, causing inability of reading)
rooien	v	rooide – gerooid	to dig, dig up, excavate; to clear (especially of trees); to manage, cope
opschrijven	v	schreef op – opgeschreven	to write down
vijandig	a		hostile (with an aggressive approach; belonging or appropriate to an enemy)
rondtrekken	v	trok rond – rondgetrokken	wander (move without purpose)
vreemdgaan	v	ging vreemd – vreemdgegaan	to cheat; to wander (have sexual or romantic relations with another than…
beschrijvend	a		descriptive
omschrijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omschrijven
organiseren	v	organiseerde – georganiseerd	to organise (UK); organize (US)
aanvaarden	v	aanvaardde – aanvaard	to accept
tamarinde	n	de · mv. tamarinden	tamarind (tropical tree, Tamarindus indica)
vereiste	n	de/het · mv. vereisten	requirement, requisite, necessity
tandpasta	n	de · mv. tandpasta's	toothpaste, a paste for cleaning the teeth
voorhoede	n	de · mv. voorhoedes	a vanguard; a leading edge (vanguard)
ontvoeren	v	ontvoerde – ontvoerd	to kidnap, to abduct (to seize and detain a person unlawfully)
bestanddeel	n	het · mv. bestanddelen	ingredient (one of the parts of a whole); component, element
draai	n	de · mv. draaien	rotation, spin, turn
gezeten	a		sedentary
uitverkopen	v	verkocht uit – uitverkocht	to sell out
uitverkocht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitverkopen
huiken	v	huikte – gehuikt	to squat, to bend (through the knees)
waterstofperoxide	n	het · mv. waterstofperoxiden	hydrogen peroxide (H₂O₂)
modiste	n	de · mv. modistes	a fashion saleswoman, a female modiste
eenduidig	a		univocal (having only one possible meaning) , unambiguous
hernemen	v	hernam – hernomen	to retake (take again); to perform (the same work) again on stage
terugnemen	v	nam terug – teruggenomen	to take back (after having lost), to retake; to take back (word)
abonnement	n	het · mv. abonnementen	subscription; season ticket, especially for public transport (train, bus, etc...)
pait	n	de	jenever or brandy in which a mixture of herbs has been steeped
Manon	m		a female given name
limonade	n	de · mv. limonades	sweetened drink (sweet drink based on processed fruit juice, may be based on…
Hawaï	m		Hawaii (an insular state of the United States, formerly a territory)
verdacht	a		suspicious, suspect
verdacht	n	het · mv. verdachten	suspicion
ij	n	de · mv. ij's	the digraph ij
IJ	m		the IJ
pennenzak	n	de · mv. pennenzakken	pencil case, pencil box
nies	n	de · mv. niezen	sneeze
opposant	n	de · mv. opposanten	opponent
basketballer	n	de · mv. basketballers	basketball player
dysenterie	n	de · mv. dysenterieën	dysentery
sollicitant	n	de · mv. sollicitanten	applicant for a job, one who applies to a job
allergologie	n	de	allergology
Marleen	m		a female given name
verfransing	n	de · mv. verfransingen	Frenchification
taan	n	de	tan, liquid containing tannic acid used for tanning
triplan	n	de · mv. triplans	triplane
epopee	n	de · mv. epopeeën	epic (extended narrative poem, usually in dactylic hexametre)
grenzen	v	grensde – gegrensd	to border
biopsie	n	de · mv. biopsieën	a biopsy
Zwaag	m		a village and former municipality of Hoorn, North Holland, Netherlands; an element of various placenames, and surnames derived from placenames,…
zegenen	v	zegende – gezegend	to bless
hoofdgebouw	n	het · mv. hoofdgebouwen	main building
dronken	a		drunk, drunken, in a state of intoxication after drinking alcohol beverages
getrouwd	a		married
languit	d		as long as possible
cassant	a		brusque, catty, acrid
Kaukasus	m		Caucasus (mountain range, geographic region)
lues	n	de	synonym of syfilis (“syphilis”)
menen	v	meende – gemeend	to think; to have an opinion or assumption; to mean (to be serious and sincere
uitleg	n	de · mv. uitleggen	explanation
uitleg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitleggen
matrak	n	de · mv. matrakken	a club, cudgel (weapon used by police)
mesocarp	n	het	mesocarp
bips	n	de · mv. bipsen	butt, buttocks
rekenaar	n	de · mv. rekenaars	someone who makes calculations; a calculator; computer
congres	n	het · mv. congressen	congress, large consultative and/or legislative body; congress; formal meeting, gathering or assembly
uitbundig	a		overwhelming; exuberant, energetic
vijzel	n	de · mv. vijzels	mortar (vessel used to grind ingredients); mortar and pestle (pars pro toto,…; jack (instrument to lift heavy objects)
aanschaffen	v	schafte aan – aangeschaft	to purchase, to buy
taaleigen	n	het	idiom (manner of speaking and expressions particular to a given lect)
barones	n	de · mv. baronessen	baroness (female ruler of a barony)
kano	n	de · mv. kano's	canoe (a small long and narrow boat)
roest	n	de/het	rust (result of oxidation); rust (disease of plants caused by a reddish-brown fungus); roost (resting place of birds)
roesten	v	roestte – geroest	to rust (to oxidise); to roost
Aragonees	a		Aragonese (from Aragon)
zaklamp	n	de · mv. zaklampen	flashlight, torch (battery-powered hand-held lightsource)
avontuur	n	het · mv. avonturen	adventure (remarkable, exciting or challenging experience)
stuifmeel	n	het · mv. stuifmelen	pollen (fine granular substance produced in flowers); flour dispersed in a flour mill due to grinding, stive
toorts	n	de · mv. toortsen	torch (stick with flame at one end); mullein (any plant of the genus Verbascum)
fakkel	n	de · mv. fakkels	torch (a stick with a flame at one end)
vermengen	v	vermengde – vermengd	to mix
mixen	v	mixte – gemixt	to mix
vaccin	n	het · mv. vaccins	vaccine
klauwhamer	n	de · mv. klauwhamers	claw hammer (hammer with 2 prongs)
onderscheppen	v	onderschepte – onderschept	to intercept (to gain possession of)
oorlogvoering	n	de · mv. oorlogvoeringen	warfare
kerker	n	de · mv. kerkers	dungeon
digereren	v	digereerde – gedigereerd	to tolerate, to stand, to endure; to digest
Bakoe	m		Baku (the capital of Azerbaijan)
aardappelpuree	n	de · mv. aardappelpurees	mashed potatoes (potatoes that have been boiled and mashed)
noppes	r		nothing
wederkerend	a		reflexive (of a pronoun referring back to the subject, or of a verb…
hoofdwerkwoord	n	het · mv. hoofdwerkwoorden	main verb
panga	n	de · mv. panga's	panga, pangasius, swai; fish of the genus Pangasius, especially when used as…
outen	v	outte – geout	to out oneself (reveal oneself as having a certain secret); to come out of the closet, come out
exotherm	a		exothermic
marke	n	de · mv. marken	common land; communally owned and administered (agrarian) land
kring	n	de · mv. kringen	circle; round figure; circle, clique (a community of people with a shared common interest)
Jafet	m		Japheth
straks	d		later today, shortly, in a moment; soon (in an unspecified amount of time); soon (used to indicate what will happen if things continue as present)
Albrecht	m		a male given name
bismut	n	het	bismuth
tölten	v	töltte – getölt	to move in a certain gait known as tölt
feilen	v	feilde – gefeild	to fail; to err
gis	n	de · mv. gissen	G-sharp
gis	a		clever, smart
testimonium	n	het · mv. testimoniums	testimony
hallucinant	a		mindblowing, unbelievable
penetrant	a		pungent, penetrating (of smells)
fes	n	de · mv. fessen	F-flat
triest	a		pitiful; sad
bries	n	de · mv. briezen	breeze (gentle wind)
endemisch	a		endemic (prevalent in a particular area)
blijkens	p		according to, judging from, as is apparent from
Kabbalistisch	a		pertaining to the Kaballah
hihat	n	de · mv. hihats	hi-hat
rondborstig	a		busty, round-breasted; honest, candid, open-hearted, straightforward, frank
Nienke	m		a diminutive of the female given name Catharina
zeiken	v	zeek – gezeken	to piss; to rain; to whine, to nag, to complain
kampong	n	de · mv. kampongs	village (a Southeast Asian rural habitation of size between a hamlet and a…; a quarter in a Southeast Asian city; an Indonesian quarter
eren	v	eerde – geëerd	to honor/honour, to pay homage/respects; to respect, hold in high regard; to adorn, decorate
eren	a		(made of) copper, cupreous, cupric, coppery; (made of) bronze
hevel	n	de · mv. hevels	heddle; siphon
pastoor	n	de · mv. pastoors	parish priest
passaat	n	de · mv. passaten	a trade wind in the Atlantic or Indian Ocean; usually an easterly in the…
recidive	n	de	relapse, reoccurrence; recidivism
geneesheer	n	de · mv. geneesheren	doctor
chronologie	n	de · mv. chronologieën	chronology
lionne	n	de · mv. lionnes	worldly woman
gooier	n	de · mv. gooiers	thrower, one who throws
fat	n	de · mv. fatten	dandy, a man obsessed with his looks
blub	i		imitating the sound of a fish
stijg	n	de · mv. stijgen	an inflammation of the eyelid, sty; a set of twenty, a score (usually said of eggs)
steeg	n	de · mv. stegen	an alleyway; a lane (between walls, fencing, etc.); a bystreet
volzet	d		full (only in some definitions, like a parking)
bevolking	n	de · mv. bevolkingen	population (the actual group of residents of an area; not the…
nationaliteit	n	de · mv. nationaliteiten	nationality
provisorisch	a		provisional, makeshift
beklagen	v	beklaagde – beklaagd	to lament, grieve; to complain
extravert	a		extroverted
extravert	n	de · mv. extraverten	an extroverted person
interesseren	v	interesseerde – geïnteresseerd	to interest (to attract attention or concern); to show interest
putten	v	putte – geput	to extract, to derive; to putt
pekari	n	mv. pekari's	peccary
optant	n	de · mv. optanten	optant
Polak	m		a surname
Kabbala	m		Kabbalah
metaal	n	het · mv. metalen	metal; metal (light tincture)
vlies	n	het · mv. vliezen	membrane; film, thin layer
echoën	v	echode – geëchood	to echo (to repeat back what another has just said)
boeg	n	de · mv. boegen	bow (front of a boat or ship)
typografie	n	de · mv. typografies	typography
saxofoon	n	de · mv. saxofoons	a saxophone, metallic wind instrument with keys
beschikbaarheid	n	de · mv. beschikbaarheden	availability
onvriendelijk	a		unfriendly
woordenwisseling	n	de · mv. woordenwisselingen	an angry discussion using unfriendly words
aangenaam	a		nice, pleasant, friendly
skiën	v	skiede – geskied	to ski (to move on skis)
onaangenaam	a		not nice, unpleasant, unfriendly
verdichten	v	verdichtte – verdicht	to condense
bijwoordelijk	a		adverbial (of or relating to an adverb)
zitvlak	n	het · mv. zitvlakken	butt, seat, posterior (part of the torso and legs on which one sits); posterior of a pair of trousers, the part covering the butt; seating surface (of a piece of furniture)
Kasjoebisch	m		Kashubian (Slavic language spoken in the Pomeranian region of Poland)
Kasjoebisch	a		Kashubian related to the Kashubian language
gotspe	n	de · mv. gotspes	a grave insolence
slak	n	de · mv. slakken	snail, slug (any gastropod); slag (the impurities which result and are separated out when melting a metal…; hard, molten leftovers of burnt coal and other solid fuels
dramatisch	a		dramatic, pertaining to drama; tragic, sad; melodramatic, sentimental
dramatisch	d		dramatically
tepel	n	de · mv. tepels	nipple
terugzien	v	zag terug – teruggezien	to see (someone) again/back
fonologie	n	de	phonology
satirisch	a		satiric, satirical
Nusantara	m		Indonesian Archipelago, the islands comprising the country of Indonesia or…; a museum in the Netherlands dedicated specifically to art and cultural…
renium	n	het	rhenium
taloor	n	mv. taloren	plate, dish (cutlery)
zwerver	n	de · mv. zwervers	a vagabond, a vagrant, a tramp
doelloos	a		aimless
voetstap	n	de · mv. voetstappen	footstep
heerlijkheid	n	de · mv. heerlijkheden	deliciousness, delight, delicacy; fiefdom (specifically referring to manorialism); glory
vurig	a		fiery, ardent; enthusiastic
verheffen	v	verhief – verheven	to raise
parcours	n	het · mv. parcoursen	route of a race; steps needed to achieve an objective
voorhuid	n	de · mv. voorhuiden	foreskin
erectie	n	de · mv. erecties	erection (of the penis)
bankier	n	de · mv. bankiers	banker (person in charge of a bank)
hoogtepunt	n	het · mv. hoogtepunten	high point, acme, climax; zenith; altitude (the distance measured perpendicularly from a figure's vertex to…
diaconessenhuis	n	het · mv. diaconessenhuizen	a deaconess-house; a hospital operated by deaconesses and therefore…
dichtheid	n	de · mv. dichtheden	density
uitvlucht	n	de · mv. uitvluchten	an excuse (explanation designed to avoid or alleviate guilt or negative…
toneelschool	n	de · mv. toneelscholen	theater school
hoofdpijn	n	de	headache
koppijn	n	de	headache
heffing	n	de · mv. heffingen	a tax; a group of letters which are stressed in a poetic meter
grofweg	d		roughly
kleinkunst	n	de · mv. kleinkunsten	a musical and/or comedic kind of theatre such as cabaret
aankondigen	v	kondigde aan – aangekondigd	to announce
grootschalig	a		large-scale
geladen	a		charged up; electrically charged; loaded (with objects, ammunition, emotion, etc.)
fungeren	v	fungeerde – gefungeerd	to function
pragmatisch	a		pragmatic
gemeentehuis	n	het · mv. gemeentehuizen	town hall, government building of a (usually non-urban) municipality
gemeente	n	de · mv. gemeenten	municipality, commune; congregation
gemeentebestuur	n	het · mv. gemeentebesturen	local government (of a municipality)
pijpen	v	pijpte – gepijpt	to fellate, to blow, to suck (the object usually indicates the receiving…
vrees	n	de · mv. vrezen	fear, apprehension, angst
opnieuw	d		again
kenmerken	v	kenmerkte – gekenmerkt	to characterize
kortweg	d		briefly
naderhand	d		afterwards
daling	n	de · mv. dalingen	decline, fall; descent; a group of letters which are unstressed
verkondiging	n	de · mv. verkondigingen	announcement, proclamation
verkondigen	v	verkondigde – verkondigd	to announce, proclaim; to preach
epicus	n	de · mv. epici	epicist, writer of epics
utopisch	a		utopian
gaar	a		well-cooked; done; ready for consumption
gaaf	a		whole, complete, not injured; smooth; cool, awesome
ambassadeur	n	de · mv. ambassadeuren	ambassador
historiografie	n	de	historiography
nieten	v	niette – geniet	to staple; synonym of genieten
overmorgen	d		overmorrow, the day after tomorrow
tronen	v	troonde – getroond	to throne (i.e. to reign)
officier	n	de · mv. officieren	officer; plantation overseer
menner	n	de · mv. menners	driver of animals; a charioteer
fragmentarisch	a		fragmentary
stripboek	n	het · mv. stripboeken	comic book
welbespraaktheid	n	de	eloquence (the quality of artistry and persuasiveness in speech or writing)
plastisch	a		plastic (malleable); expressed vividly, explicitly, graphically; with explicit imagery (usually…
toevallig	a		by chance, accidental, coincidental, fortuitous
gisting	n	de · mv. gistingen	fermentation
zult	n	de	brawn, head cheese
etiologie	n	de · mv. etiologieën	aetiology (study of causes or origins)
strippen	v	stripte – gestript	to tear into strips, notably between one's fingers; to lay bare, liberate; to practice striptease, to remove one's clothes ostentatiously, as an erotic…
opdelen	v	deelde op – opgedeeld	to divvy up, subdivide
veen	n	het · mv. venen	peat, peatland, peat bog; bog, fen
afzetting	n	de · mv. afzettingen	cordon, fencing; deposit; precipitate
vochtig	a		moist; humid
vochtigheid	n	de · mv. vochtigheden	moistness, humidity, moisture
luchtvochtigheid	n	de · mv. luchtvochtigheden	humidity (amount of water vapour in the air), atmospheric humidity, air humidity
ophopen	v	hoopte op – opgehoopt	to amass, heap up
zeespiegel	n	de · mv. zeespiegels	sea level
spiegel	n	de · mv. spiegels	mirror (reflective surface that shows an image of what is in front of it); mirror (object, person or event that reflects or gives a (figurative)…; stern of a ship
overschot	n	het · mv. overschotten	remains; surplus
naaldbos	n	het · mv. naaldbossen	coniferous forest
uitsluitend	d		exclusively
struik	n	de · mv. struiken	bush, shrub
loofbos	n	het · mv. loofbossen	a deciduous forest, especially a temperate deciduous forest
lichtelijk	d		lightly, slightly
doorlatend	a		permeable (e.g. of water); transmissive (e.g. of UV rays)
ontwateren	v	ontwaterde – ontwaterd	to drain
voedselrijk	a		nutrient-rich
voedselarm	a		nutrient-poor
deeg	n	het	dough; benefit, advantage, increase
deeg	a		sound, good
schuim	n	het	foam, froth; a type of spongy sweets, made of albumen and sugar (as a countable object…; scum, rabble, crooks
pathetisch	a		pathetic; histrionic; gushing
granulocyt	n	de · mv. granulocyten	granulocyte (blood cell)
berechten	v	berechtte – berecht	to judge, to try (take to court/trial)
welvaren	v	voer wel – welgevaren	to prosper, thrive
panter	n	de · mv. panters	panther, leopard (Panthera pardus)
unbitrium	n	het	unbitrium
vonk	n	de · mv. vonken	spark (a small particle of glowing matter, either molten material or from fire); spark (a short or small burst of electrical discharge)
P.S.	n		post scriptum
criminologie	n	de · mv. criminologieën	criminology
overleggen	v	overlegde – overlegd	to talk over, discuss; to show, display
dt-fout	n	de · mv. dt-fouten	a common spelling error in Dutch verb forms where homophonous forms with d,…
overlegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
deelgemeente	n	de · mv. deelgemeenten	part of a municipality with an own government
fusiegemeente	n	de · mv. fusiegemeenten	a municipality arisen by fusion of municipalities (mainly in Belgium; a…
gort	n	de	pearl barley; grit
ulk	n	de · mv. ulken	European polecat (Mustela putorius)
stammen	v	stamde – gestamd	to descend; to derive
rechten	v	rechtte – gerecht	to sue judicially; to contend by argument etc; to straighten
rechten	n		law
rechtsgeleerdheid	n	de · mv. rechtsgeleerdheden	jurisprudence
gerechtshof	n	het · mv. gerechtshoven	court of law, court of justice; an appellate court, a court empowered to hear appeals from lower tribunals
hooggerechtshof	n	het · mv. hooggerechtshoven	supreme court
koepel	n	de · mv. koepels	cupola, dome
middellijn	n	de · mv. middellijnen	diameter (diametrical chord)
loodrecht	a		perpendicular, orthogonal; vertical
silene	n	de · mv. silenes	a silene, any plant of the genus Silene
luchtballon	n	de · mv. luchtballonnen	hot-air balloon (inflatable object to transport people through the air)
Reeth	m		a hamlet in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
oppassen	v	paste op – opgepast	to watch out, beware; to babysit, take care, nurse
moerstaal	n	de · mv. moerstalen	synonym of moedertaal (“native language, mother tongue”)
goedje	n	het · mv. goedjes	stuff, liquid, usually said of a drink
feestdag	n	de · mv. feestdagen	holiday, day off; religious holiday
achturig	a		eight-hour
talentvol	a		talented
moraal	n	de · mv. moralen	moral, morals; morale, motivation
apologie	n	de · mv. apologieën	an apology (formal justification, defence)
masochistisch	a		masochistic, masochist; pertaining to or characteristic of a glutton for punishment
artikel	n	het · mv. artikelen	article (report); article (item, wares); article (section of a legal document)
aanleiding	n	de · mv. aanleidingen	reason, cause, inducement
langgerokt	a		long-skirted or wearing a long skirt
kortgerokt	a		short-skirted or wearing a short skirt
langbenig	a		leggy, long-legged
schrijlings	d		astride
strijdbaar	a		militant, combative
eervol	a		honorable; (UK) honourable
eervol	d		honorably; (UK) honourably
krijger	n	de · mv. krijgers	warrior
strijder	n	de · mv. strijders	fighter
krijg	n	de · mv. krijgen	war
opperbest	a		top-notch
berusten	v	berustte – berust	to rest, depend; to resign oneself, to be resigned [with in ‘to’], to accept after resisting;…
rusten	v	rustte – gerust	to rest; to lie, be supported (by something); to equip, to provide with what is needed
geschrift	n	het · mv. geschriften	writing
vondst	n	de · mv. vondsten	find
ronddraven	v	draafde rond – rondgedraafd	to trot about
oever	n	de · mv. oevers	bank (as in riverbank), shore (e.g. of a lake)
stromen	v	stroomde – gestroomd	to flow
loslaten	v	liet los – losgelaten	to let go; to free, release
vochten	v	vochtte – gevocht	synonym of bevochtigen
aanvechten	v	vocht aan – aangevochten	to contest, to dispute
strekken	v	strekte – gestrekt	to stretch, to extend, to reach; to reach, to extend, to stretch; to serve, to accommodate
onderdrukken	v	onderdrukte – onderdrukt	to oppress; to suppress
gestreept	a		striped
gemengd	a		mixed
opstand	n	de · mv. opstanden	rebellion, insurrection
regeling	n	de · mv. regelingen	arrangement, (as in practical agreement)
afgeven	v	gaf af – afgegeven	to hand off, hand over, deliver; to give off when touched; to rant, to voice criticism
verbaasd	a		astonished, surprised
betreuren	v	betreurde – betreurd	to regret, to grieve over
jaartelling	n	de · mv. jaartellingen	calendar era, year numbering
uitvoerend	a		executive
bijt	n	de · mv. bijten	a man-made ice hole
vliegshow	n	de · mv. vliegshows	air show
herformuleren	v	herformuleerde – geherformuleerd	to reformulate
formuleren	v	formuleerde – geformuleerd	to formulate
verwoorden	v	verwoordde – verwoord	to word, to express in words, to formulate
nostalgie	n	de	nostalgia
kruisigen	v	kruisigde – gekruisigd	to crucify
kruisiging	n	de · mv. kruisigingen	crucifixion
verscheiden	a		various, several
verscheiden	v	verscheidde – verscheiden	to pass away, to die
verscheiden	n	het	passing away, dying, death
verscheidenheid	n	de · mv. verscheidenheden	variety, assortment; variation, diversity
herkenning	n	de · mv. herkenningen	recognition, recalling (of someone's face e.g.)
alleenstaand	a		single, not in a relationship
toedichten	v	dichtte toe – toegedicht	to ascribe, to attribute, to impute
tegenhanger	n	de · mv. tegenhangers	counterpart
hetzij	c		either ... or
loekoe	n	de · mv. loekoe's	a consultation given by a spirit-possessed shaman in which he provides a…
Sranang	m		dated spelling of Sranan
winti	m		winti, a Surinamese religious tradition based on practices from African…
aanverwant	a		related
aanverwant	n	de · mv. aanverwanten	in-law
dominantie	n	de	dominance (state of being dominant); dominance
overheersing	n	de · mv. overheersingen	domination
uitsluiting	n	de · mv. uitsluitingen	exclusion
bezetter	n	de · mv. bezetters	occupier
plechtigheid	n	de · mv. plechtigheden	ceremony; ceremoniousness
gewoonlijk	d		usually, normally
kranslegging	n	de · mv. kransleggingen	laying of wreaths
strijkplank	n	de · mv. strijkplanken	ironing board; a woman with little or no noticeable bosom
ontbinden	v	ontbond – ontbonden	to unbind; to dissolve, to disband, to break up; to decompose
zond	n	de · mv. zonden	a long narrow inlet, or a strait between the mainland and an island; a sound
lichtvervuiling	n	de	light pollution
luchtvervuiling	n	de	air pollution
razzia	n	de · mv. razzia's	razzia, raid
uitbreken	v	brak uit – uitgebroken	break out
krijgsmacht	n	de · mv. krijgsmachten	armed forces
verzetsbeweging	n	de · mv. verzetsbewegingen	resistance movement
halfstok	d		half-staff, half-mast
halfweg	d		halfway
voorheen	d		formerly, used to
charismatisch	a		charismatic (pertaining to the gifts of the Holy Spirit); charismatic (personally influential or affable)
melisse	n	de	melissa (Melissa spp.)
bezighouden	v	hield bezig – beziggehouden	to keep busy, to occupy; to occupy oneself, to be productive
onthouden	v	onthield – onthouden	to keep in mind, to remember; to carry; to retain, to withhold
deelname	n	de · mv. deelnames	participation
deelname	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of deelnemen
deelneming	n	de · mv. deelnemingen	participation; sympathy, condolence
eindbestemming	n	de · mv. eindbestemmingen	final destination
bubbels	n		synonym of mousserende wijn
speelbaar	a		playable; performable
afklemmen	v	klemde af – afgeklemd	to catch, fasten
bubbel	n	de · mv. bubbels	a bubble (spheric volume of air or another gas); a bubble, (a period of) economic activity depending on speculation or…; an unknowingly socially divergent and isolated clique
tjo	i		hello, bye
verdediger	n	de · mv. verdedigers	defender, protector; defender
admiraliteit	n	de · mv. admiraliteiten	admiralty
uitrusten	v	rustte uit – uitgerust	to rest; to equip
bemanning	n	de · mv. bemanningen	crew (group of people manning and operating a vehicle, piece of equipment or…
aanbreken	v	brak aan – aangebroken	to begin, to onset; to break into, to open for the first time
langzamerhand	d		gradually, bit by bit; by now, by this time, by this point
vernietiging	n	de · mv. vernietigingen	destruction
fenomenologie	n	de · mv. fenomenologieën	phenomenology, study from a subject's perspective
meineed	n	de	perjury
jachthond	n	de · mv. jachthonden	hunting dog, hound (dog used for hunting)
verwerven	v	verwierf – verworven	to acquire, obtain, gain
halvarine	n	de · mv. halvarines	a form of margarine, with half the amount of fat that normal margarine contains
Vercruysse	m		a surname
kokette	n	de · mv. kokettes	a coquettish woman
wegenkaart	n	de · mv. wegenkaarten	road map
speelkaart	n	de · mv. speelkaarten	a playing card
voorlaatst	a		penultimate, next-to-last
cadens	n	de · mv. cadensen	cadence (progression of chords closing a piece or section); cadenza (closing embellishment)
prog	n	de	prog, progressive rock
nefast	a		adverse, damaging
koppen	v	kopte – gekopt	to strike with the head; as in soccer, to head (the ball); to run a headline
populistisch	a		populist, pertaining to populism; populist, pertaining to American populism or the Populist Party
klop	n	de · mv. kloppen	a knock, an audible blow; a punch, a blow; a defeat or punishment, especially a heavy defeat
tanken	v	tankte – getankt	to fuel (to fill a fuel tank of a vehicle); to drink lots of alcohol
bladeren	v	bladerde – gebladerd	to leaf, to grow leaves; to browse
controleren	v	controleerde – gecontroleerd	to check; to control
verplicht	a		compulsory, necessary, required
muisstil	a		quiet as a mouse (completely silent, noiseless)
tronie	n	de · mv. tronies	a face, especially one with an unpleasant or unprepossessing look or…; a depiction of a person’s face with an expressive, often unflattering…
schooltas	n	de · mv. schooltassen	school bag
telefoniste	n	de · mv. telefonistes	a female telephone operator, a female telephonist
houdoe	i		bye, see you
telefonie	n	de	telephony
adamsappel	n	de · mv. adamsappels	Adam's apple, laryngeal prominence
flessen	v	fleste – geflest	to scam, to con
eitje	n	het · mv. eitjes	breeze, cakewalk, cinch, doddle, piece of cake, walk in the park (something…
gek	a		crazy, mad; ludicrous, farcical; silly, playful
gek	n	de · mv. gekken	lunatic, madman; cowl (on a chimney)
loeien	v	loeide – geloeid	to low, to moo; to roar, to make loud noise
appelsap	n	het · mv. appelsappen	apple juice
versjteren	v	versjteerde – versjteerd	to mess up, screw up (intentionally disrupt)
Dnipropetrovsk	m		former name of Dnipro; Dnipropetrovsk, an oblast of Ukraine
Donetsk	m		Donetsk, a city, raion and oblast in Ukraine
Lviv	m		a miskrada of the raion of the same name of Lviv Oblast, Ukraine; an oblast in western Ukraine, established in December 1939; an urban hromada of Lviv Raion, Lviv Oblast, Ukraine, established in July 2020
uitheems	a		foreign, allochthonous, non-native
kleuterschool	n	de · mv. kleuterscholen	nursery school (UK) or kindergarten (USA); usually for children aged 3 to 6
doosje	n	het · mv. doosjes	vagina, cunt, twat; stupid female, cunt, twat (objectionable woman)
aankopen	v	kocht aan – aangekocht	to purchase, to buy
redeneerkunde	n	de	logic; rhetoric
redeneren	v	redeneerde – geredeneerd	to reason
poenaal	a		pertaining to punishments
alledaags	a		everyday, commonplace, ordinary
bouwkunde	n	de	architectural engineering
bouw	n	de	construction of buildings; construction of contraptions, such as machines; built, structural design
uitstrekken	v	strekte uit – uitgestrekt	to stretch out, to extend
vuist	n	de · mv. vuisten	fist
vuisten	v	vuistte – gevuist	to fist-fuck
grotendeels	d		for the most part
laagland	n	het · mv. laaglanden	lowland
hoogland	n	het · mv. hooglanden	highland
opvullen	v	vulde op – opgevuld	to fill up
uitmonden	v	mondde uit – uitgemond	to drain; to result in, to have as a result
moesson	n	de · mv. moessons	monsoon
overstromen	v	stroomde over – overgestroomd	to overflow; to flood
kappen	v	kapte – gekapt	to chop, as with an axe; to cut down, fell (e.g. a tree); (in kappen op ...) to criticize
ontbossing	n	de · mv. ontbossingen	deforestation
demonstrant	n	de · mv. demonstranten	demonstrator
magneet	n	de · mv. magneten	magnet
stamgast	n	de · mv. stamgasten	patron, regular customer, especially to a pub
zee-eend	n	de · mv. zee-eenden	scoter, seaduck of the genus Melanitta
zandgrond	n	de · mv. zandgronden	sandy soil
guur	a		chillingly cold, rainy and windy
adequaat	a		adequate
boenen	v	boende – geboend	to scrub, polish
staren	v	staarde – gestaard	to gaze, stare
preispelling	n	de	sometimes the official (green) and sometimes the alternative (white)…
onderdompelen	v	dompelde onder – ondergedompeld	to immerse
ozonlaag	n	de · mv. ozonlagen	ozone layer
racen	v	racete – geracet	to have a speed contest, to race
Christoffel	m		a male given name, corresponding to English Christopher
stampen	v	stampte – gestampt	to stamp, to press; to stomp with the feet; to pitch
spanne	n	de · mv. spannen	span (distance between extended thumb and little finger); span (interval of space or time)
hottentottententententoonstelling	n	de · mv. hottentottententententoonstellingen	exposition of Hottentot tents; the whole nine yards, everything
kamperen	v	kampeerde – gekampeerd	to camp, camp put, encamp, go camping
kampeerterrein	n	het · mv. kampeerterreinen	campsite
terrein	n	het · mv. terreinen	grounds, terrain, area; terrain, landscape; speciality, field of study
storten	v	stortte – gestort	to dump, to deposit; to plummet; to deposit into an account
achterlaten	v	liet achter – achtergelaten	to leave behind, to abandon
sprakeloos	a		speechless, at a loss for words
sacristie	n	de · mv. sacristieën	sacristy
autochtoon	a		autochthonous
autochtoon	n	de · mv. autochtonen	autochthon
allochtoon	a		allochthonous
allochtoon	n	de · mv. allochtonen	a person (or thing) originating abroad; a person of non-native descent, having been born abroad or having foreign…; a person of non-Western descent, typically Muslim or Black
stopcontact	n	het · mv. stopcontacten	electrical socket, outlet
wandcontactdoos	n	de · mv. wandcontactdozen	an electrical wall socket, an outlet on a wall
invoer	n	de	input; import; introduction (of something new)
invoer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of invoeren
uitvoer	n	de	output (of information, data, etc.); export; execution (of a task or plan)
uitvoer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitvoeren
uitkomst	n	de · mv. uitkomsten	an outcome, a result; a solution or relief, a means or opportunity to resolve a problem
graan	n	het · mv. granen	grain, the edible seeds of certain grasses; a grain plant, crop or harvest; a cereal, a type of grass
Filipijnen	m		Philippines (a country in Southeast Asia)
triangel	n	de · mv. triangels	triangle (percussion instrument)
uitje	n	het · mv. uitjes	excursion, day trip
toekomstig	a		future, having to do with or occurring in the future
schuld	n	de · mv. schulden	debt, account payable; any obligor’s duty to perform; blame, fault (responsibility for a mishap or mistake)
schuldige	n	de · mv. schuldigen	a guilty person, an offender, a perpetrator
opspringen	v	sprong op – opgesprongen	jump up (propel oneself rapidly upward such that momentum causes the body to…; bounce (upward)
arglistig	a		ill-intentioned, malicious
sorus	n	de · mv. sori	sorus
rof	a		rough, unrefined
sneeuwwit	a		snow-white (colour)
sneeuwwit	n	het · mv. sneeuwwitten	snow (colour)
onafhankelijkheid	n	de · mv. onafhankelijkheden	independence
kookboek	n	het · mv. kookboeken	a cookbook, a recipe book (book of culinary recipes)
canaille	n	het · mv. canailles	plebs, scum, riffraff; rascal, jerk, scumbag
rekentoestel	n	het · mv. rekentoestellen	calculator
jijzelf	r		yourself
antependium	n	het · mv. antependia	antependium, frontal; the drapery hangings before an altar or lectern in a…
boe	i		boo, exclamation to scare someone; boo, exclamation expressing strong disapproval; moo, the sound of lowing cattle
apathie	n	de	apathy
intrige	n	de · mv. intriges	intrigue, plot (series of complications); intrigue, plot (clandistine scheme or activity)
intrigeren	v	intrigeerde – geïntrigeerd	to intrigue
gisten	v	gistte – gegist	to be likely to cause commotion and restlessness; to be prone to rebellion; to ferment (more often vergisten)
toelaten	v	liet toe – toegelaten	to allow, tolerate; to condone; to admit, receive
benodigd	a		required, necessary
toetreden	v	trad toe – toegetreden	to accede, join
melkzuur	n	het	lactic acid
moutsuiker	n	de · mv. moutsuikers	maltose
melksuiker	n	de	lactose
rondzweven	v	zweefde rond – rondgezweefd	to float around
verbasteren	v	verbasterde – verbasterd	to degenerate
verbastering	n	de · mv. verbasteringen	deterioration, degeneration; bastardization
eertijds	d		in earlier times
verminderen	v	verminderde – verminderd	to diminish, to decrease; to lower, to decrease, to reduce, to decrement
ongemout	a		unmalted
wettelijk	a		legal
wettelijk	d		legally
overjaars	a		over a year old, of over a year
aanwezige	n	de · mv. aanwezigen	someone who is present (e.g. a member of the audience)
tarwe	n	de · mv. tarwes	wheat (Triticum spp.)
uitzonderen	v	zonderde uit – uitgezonderd	to exclude, to except
afwezige	n	de · mv. afwezigen	absent one
alleenstaande	n	de · mv. alleenstaanden	single (one who is not married or does not have a romantic partner)
Nicodemus	m		Nicodemus (Biblical character, Pharisee in the gospel of John)
opslaan	v	sloeg op – opgeslagen	to save, to store (a file, page); to increase (e.g. of prices)
tandwiel	n	het · mv. tandwielen	gearwheel, cogwheel
verwelkomen	v	verwelkomde – verwelkomd	to welcome (to affirm or greet the arrival of someone)
satanisch	a		satanic
uiterst	a		extreme, utmost
uiterst	d		extremely
ongelijkmatig	a		uneven
ongelijkmatig	d		unevenly
oppervlakte	n	de · mv. oppervlakten	area; surface
gelijkmatig	a		even
Sont	m		the Sound (strait that separates Zealand from Scania)
bevolkingsdichtheid	n	de · mv. bevolkingsdichtheden	population density
bevolken	v	bevolkte – bevolkt	to populate
etnisch	a		ethnic
staatshoofd	n	het · mv. staatshoofden	head of state
omleiding	n	de · mv. omleidingen	detour, diversion (of traffic, routes)
behalen	v	behaalde – behaald	to gain, to achieve
handelaar	n	de · mv. handelaars	merchant, trader
fagocytose	n	de	phagocytosis
binnentrekken	v	trok binnen – binnengetrokken	to march in, to invade
systeembeheerder	n	de · mv. systeembeheerders	system administrator
informatiekunde	n	de	computer science, information science, informatics
groepsgewijs	d		in groups
groepsgewijs	a		in groups
sluik	a		straight, smooth
sluik	n	de	secrecy, sneakiness
ongeschreven	a		unwritten
overmatig	a		excessive
hoffelijk	a		courteous
volksmond	n	de	popular language, vernacular
aanpassing	n	de · mv. aanpassingen	adaptation, adjustment
aanpassingsvermogen	n	het	adaptive power, capability to adapt, capacity for adaptation
overschakelen	v	schakelde over – overgeschakeld	to switch over
buigzaam	a		bendable, flexible; compliant
ijdelheid	n	de · mv. ijdelheden	vanity
bergbewoner	n	de · mv. bergbewoners	mountain dweller
vooroordeel	n	het · mv. vooroordelen	preconception, prejudice
onbeschaafd	a		uncivilized
beschaafd	a		civilized, cultured; courteous, polite
beschaven	v	beschaafde – beschaafd	to civilize
kwetsbaar	a		vulnerable
verarming	n	de · mv. verarmingen	impoverishment
constateren	v	constateerde – geconstateerd	to ascertain
summier	a		summary, brief, concise
summier	d		summarily, briefly, concisely
eigenaardig	a		idiosyncratic, peculiar
eigenaardigheid	n	de · mv. eigenaardigheden	idiosyncrasy, peculiarity
rukken	v	rukte – gerukt	to jerk, to pull; to jerk off, to wank
behagen	n	het	pleasure, contentment
behagen	v	behaagde – behaagd	to delight, please, gratify
grensgebied	n	het · mv. grensgebieden	border region
afwijkend	a		deviating, differing
hullen	v	hulde – gehuld	to wrap, shroud; [with in ‘in, into’] to clothe oneself in
betwijfelen	v	betwijfelde – betwijfeld	to doubt
bestuurlijk	a		managerial, administrative
bebost	a		forested
bebossen	v	beboste – bebost	to forest
bladverliezend	a		deciduous
verblijfplaats	n	de · mv. verblijfplaatsen	residence, place of residence
verblijf	n	het · mv. verblijven	a stay; a place where a stay is possible; a home, residence
herbergzaam	a		hospitable
schraal	a		poor, scanty, meagre; dry, chapped (skin)
telefoneren	v	telefoneerde – getelefoneerd	to telephone (to call someone)
begroeien	v	begroeide – begroeid	to overgrow (e.g. with vegetation)
kaarsrecht	a		dead straight, perfectly straight
onthullen	v	onthulde – onthuld	to reveal, to uncover
matras	n	de/het · mv. matrassen	a mattress (a firm pad on which a person can recline and sleep); a technical bedding or padding to protect something; a slut, harlot, a girl so easy that 'everybody does her'
jank	n	de · mv. janken	yowl, howl, cry
tweetallig	a		binary (using binary number system); twofold (symmetry)
psycholoog	n	de · mv. psychologen	psychologist (male or female expert in the field of psychology)
waterbouwkunde	n	de	hydraulic engineering, coastal engineering
stuwen	v	stuwde – gestuwd	to obstruct (a fluid current); to stow; to push along
stuw	n	de · mv. stuwen	weir
patiënt	n	de · mv. patiënten	patient, someone who receives therapeutic treatment; someone/something getting some help
waterkering	n	de · mv. waterkeringen	a water barrier, a flood defence
zoutzuur	n	het	hydrochloric acid (strong acid made by dissolving the gas, hydrogen chloride)
spannend	a		tensive; exciting; stressful, daunting, challenging
vraagteken	n	het · mv. vraagtekens	a question mark (?); something that is unknown or unclear, something unanswered
leesteken	n	het · mv. leestekens	a punctuation mark
uitroepteken	n	het · mv. uitroeptekens	an exclamation mark (!)
aanbevelen	v	beval aan – aanbevolen	to recommend; to advocate
aanbeveling	n	de · mv. aanbevelingen	recommendation
blindheid	n	de · mv. blindheden	blindness, (medical) inability to see; unwillingness to take notice
sommige	r		some
blaar	n	de · mv. blaren	blister
blom	n	de · mv. blommen	flour
vlerk	n	de · mv. vlerken	wing; scoundrel
kots	n	de	vomit
kots	i		Expression of disgust, as if one has to vomit
braak	a		fallow
braak	n	de	the act of breaking or breaking in
bangheid	n	de	fear, scaredness
doodgaan	v	ging dood – doodgegaan	to die
vloei	n	het · mv. vloeien	a sheet of blotting paper
klip	n	de · mv. klippen	rock or cliff in or around sea water
sleg	n	de · mv. sleggen	wooden sledgehammer
urenlang	d		for hours (on end), (for) a long time
urenlang	a		lasting hours (on end), during a long time
valsspelen	v	speelde vals – valsgespeeld	to cheat
valsspeler	n	de · mv. valsspelers	cheater
speler	n	de · mv. spelers	a player, someone who plays a game; a player, someone who plays a musical instrument; a device to play music
speeltje	n	het · mv. speeltjes	a toy, a plaything
toerist	n	de · mv. toeristen	tourist (male or of unspecified sex)
ANWB	m		Koninklijke Nederlandse Toeristenbond ANWB (originally Algemene Nederlandse…
castreren	v	castreerde – gecastreerd	to castrate, to neuter (remove the testicles of); to remove the female genitals, or even a plant's stamen; to emasculate, to reduce to a lesser, weaker state ('less balls')
gevangenisstraf	n	de · mv. gevangenisstraffen	prison sentence
gevangenschap	n	de · mv. gevangenschappen	imprisonment; captivity
rechtbank	n	de · mv. rechtbanken	court of first instance; any court of law
uitvoering	n	de · mv. uitvoeringen	execution; performance
flexibel	a		flexible, pliable; adaptable, flexible; easygoing, approachable
doodstraf	n	de · mv. doodstraffen	death sentence, capital punishment
Texel	m		an island and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Noord-Brabant	m		North Brabant, a province of the Netherlands
Noord-Holland	m		North Holland, a province of the Netherlands
Zuid-Holland	m		South Holland, a province of the Netherlands
Vlaams-Brabant	m		Flemish Brabant (a province of Belgium)
Henegouwen	m		Hainaut (a province of Belgium)
grondrecht	n	het · mv. grondrechten	fundamental right, constitutional right
Waals-Brabant	m		Walloon Brabant (a province of Belgium)
rechtsstaat	n	de · mv. rechtsstaten	nation of laws, constitutional state, (state which has rule of law)
willekeur	n	de · mv. willekeuren	caprice, capriciousness, arbitrariness; arbitrariness, arbitrary decision-making
garstig	a		rancid, smelly
coëfficiënt	n	de · mv. coëfficiënten	coefficient (algebraic constant)
verbeelding	n	de · mv. verbeeldingen	imagination (image-making faculty of the mind); imagination (act of imagining)
Azië	m		Asia (the largest continent, located between Europe and the Pacific Ocean)
cyrillisch	a		Cyrillic
cyrillisch	m		the Cyrillic script
drinkbaar	a		drinkable, potable
ondrinkbaar	a		undrinkable
toegang	n	de · mv. toegangen	access, entrance
toegankelijk	a		accessible
plukken	v	plukte – geplukt	to pluck (i.e. to pull something sharply or to pull something out); to pick (harvest a fruit or vegetable for consumption by removing it from…; to deprive (someone, something) of most possessions
parallellogram	n	het · mv. parallellogrammen	parallelogram (convex quadrilateral in which each pair of opposite edges are…
denkbaar	a		conceivable, thinkable
ondenkbaar	a		unthinkable
rendement	n	het · mv. rendementen	yield, performance; efficiency (of energy conversion)
Californië	m		California (the most populous state of the United States); a hamlet in Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
moedeloos	a		despondent, discouraged (in low spirits from loss of hope or courage)
jol	n	de · mv. jollen	yawl
punaise	n	de · mv. punaises	thumbtack
optimisme	n	het	optimism
grotesk	a		grotesque
schijnheilig	a		sanctimonious, hypocritical
ellips	n	de · mv. ellipsen	ellipse; ellipsis, stylistic figure and mark used in printing to indicate an omission
leiding	n	de · mv. leidingen	lead (act of leading), control; leadership, direction; pipe, pipeline
respectievelijk	a		respective
respectievelijk	d		respectively
verbannen	v	verbande – verbannen	to banish, exile
gekrakeel	n	het	bickering
Wenen	m		Vienna (the capital city of Austria)
havenstad	n	de · mv. havensteden	port city
arriveren	v	arriveerde – gearriveerd	to arrive
amendement	n	het · mv. amendementen	amendment, change or addition to a proposed law, ordinance or rule
weglaten	v	liet weg – weggelaten	to omit
denker	n	de · mv. denkers	thinker
huemul	n	de · mv. huemuls	huemul, deer of the genus Hippocamelus
Arnoud	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Arnold
Arnout	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Arnold
stranden	v	strandde – gestrand	to strand
tegenstrijdigheid	n	de · mv. tegenstrijdigheden	contradiction
vermeend	a		wrongly alleged; supposed, alleged
redenering	n	de · mv. redeneringen	reasoning
Kretenzer	n	de · mv. Kretenzers	Cretan
leugenaar	n	de · mv. leugenaars	liar
leugen	n	de · mv. leugens	a lie
ruwweg	d		roughly
veronderstelling	n	de · mv. veronderstellingen	supposition, assumption
silaan	n	het · mv. silanen	silane
kaffer	n	de · mv. kaffers	a non-believer or an infidel from the Muslim viewpoint; a black person, notably a (Southern African) Bantu; (Suriname, offensive,…
overlopen	v	liep over – overgelopen	to overflow; to defect
onderlopen	v	liep onder – ondergelopen	to become flooded
overstroming	n	de · mv. overstromingen	a flood
exegese	n	de	exegesis
bemerken	v	bemerkte – bemerkt	to notice; to take notice of
Salomo	m		Solomon (Biblical figure, historical king of Israel and Judah)
Salomon	m		a male given name
polymeer	n	het · mv. polymeren	polymer
thermoplast	n	de · mv. thermoplasten	thermoplastic
transparantie	n	de · mv. transparanties	transparency
transparant	a		transparent
transparant	n	het · mv. transparanten	a slide transparency (such as are used with overhead projectors)
afzien	v	zag af – afgezien	to give up, to relinquish; to suffer, to endure something to the end despite a lack of enthusiasm; to cheat, to crib
aardgas	n	het	natural gas (mixture of gaseous carbon compounds associated with petroleum…
graveur	n	de · mv. graveurs	engraver
gravure	n	de · mv. gravures	engraving
beschadiging	n	de · mv. beschadigingen	damage; flaw
hittebestendig	a		heat-resistant
inkomst	n	de · mv. inkomsten	income, revenue
ontkomen	v	ontkwam – ontkomen	to escape
diftong	n	de · mv. diftongen	diphthong (a complex vowel sound)
gletsjer	n	de · mv. gletsjers	glacier
ruig	a		rough, rugged, bristly; raucous, boisterous
uitzetten	v	zette uit – uitgezet	to expand; to turn off, switch off; to release into the wild
haard	n	de · mv. haarden	a hearth; a fireplace; a place where a disease or disaster begins and spreads from
richtlijn	n	de · mv. richtlijnen	directive, guideline; directrix
boomgaard	n	de · mv. boomgaarden	orchard
spraakzaam	a		talkative (tending to talk or speak freely or often), talksome
beschouwing	n	de · mv. beschouwingen	consideration
chronologisch	a		chronological
verreweg	d		by far
systematisch	a		systematic
systematisch	d		systematically
joviaal	a		bighearted; jovial, merry, cheerful; good-humored, friendly, relaxed
tikken	v	tikte – getikt	to tick, to make a ticking sound; to tap; to type on a typewriter or keyboard
getikt	a		crazy
fok	n	de · mv. fokken	a foresail; a nose; the head of a cogwheel
Winde	m		a village in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Hypnos	m		Hypnos
godin	n	de · mv. godinnen	goddess
daarstraks	d		earlier today, a moment ago, a while ago
sikkel	n	de · mv. sikkels	sickle
leedvermaak	n	het	schadenfreude (malicious enjoyment derived from observing someone else's…
Galicië	m		Galicia (a former kingdom and autonomous community in northwestern Spain); Galicia (former kingdom and geographical area in Central Europe, now divided…
namelijk	d		namely; Used to indicate that a statement explains an earlier one
valkerij	n	de · mv. valkerijen	falconry, sport of hunting by using trained birds of prey; the art of training birds for it; a falcon house
propeen	n	het	propene
roomijs	n	het	ice cream (with at least 5% milkfat)
lantaarn	n	de · mv. lantaarns	lantern
rijsttafel	n	de · mv. rijsttafels	a rijsttafel, an elaborate meal or banquet with many colonial Indonesia,…
spijkerstof	n	het · mv. spijkerstoffen	denim
vaag	a		vague, hazy; odd, weird
scheet	n	de · mv. scheten	fart; a windy quantity, a bit
gaap	n	de · mv. gapen	yawn; geep (cross of a sheep and a goat)
gaap	i		an exclamation of sleepiness, boredom or disinterest: yawn!
gapen	v	gaapte – gegaapt	to yawn; to gape
gapend	a		wide open, gaping
verwennen	v	verwende – verwend	to spoil (someone), to be extra nice to
gebak	n	het	sweet pastry, cake
sleutelkind	n	het · mv. sleutelkinderen	latch-key child
gesp	n	de · mv. gespen	buckle
granman	n	de · mv. granmans	paramount chief of a Maroon or Amerindian tribe
griffel	n	de · mv. griffels	stylus
wrak	n	het · mv. wrakken	wreck, wreckage (remains of a vehicle, vessel, aircraft or other piece of…; emotional wreck
wrak	a		defective, derelict, rickety
vervolg	n	het · mv. vervolgen	sequel, follow-up
oorlogsverklaring	n	de · mv. oorlogsverklaringen	declaration of war
Jona	m		Jonah (fictional prophet who preached to the people of Nineveh, Biblical…; Jonah (book of the Hebrew Bible)
onderdompel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of onderdompelen
onderdompelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
aanbeveel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanbevelen
aanbeval	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanbevelen
aanbeveelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanbevelen
pederastie	n	de	pederasty
robinsonade	n	de · mv. robinsonades	robinsonade
karos	n	de · mv. karossen	an official carriage (type of horse-drawn vehicle)
middelmatig	a		intermediate, middling, mediocre, average
filatelie	n	de	philately
betrouwbaarheid	n	de	reliability, trustworthiness
aardbeienplant	n	de · mv. aardbeienplanten	strawberry plant
onleesbaar	a		unreadable, illegible
Armeen	n	de · mv. Armenen	Armenian
fluks	a		quick
neurotisch	a		neurotic (overanxious)
geschutskoepel	n	de · mv. geschutskoepels	gun turret, cupola
geschut	n	het	one or more guns or cannons, generally of heavy calibre; artillery
halfgeleider	n	de · mv. halfgeleiders	a semiconductor (substance with electrical conductivity properties)
muziekinstrument	n	het · mv. muziekinstrumenten	a musical instrument, a music-producing device
klap	n	de · mv. klappen	bang (a sudden percussive noise); blow, hit, strike
wetenschapper	n	de · mv. wetenschappers	scientist (one whose activities make use of the scientific method); scholar
kapstok	n	de · mv. kapstokken	hat- and coatstand, hatrack
commercieel	a		commercial (of or pertaining to commerce or commercialism)
pre	n	de/het · mv. pre's	plus, reason to be preferred
opete	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opeten
broko	a		broke; broken
ofschoon	c		although, albeit, even though
ambitie	n	de · mv. ambities	ambition
ambtenaar	n	de · mv. ambtenaren	civil servant
malve	n	de · mv. malven	synonym of kaasjeskruid (“mallow”)
opheffen	v	hief op – opgeheven	to lift up; to disband, discontinue, suspend
stuiteren	v	stuiterde – gestuiterd	to bounce
moedervlek	n	de · mv. moedervlekken	mole, naevus, beauty spot
kuip	n	de · mv. kuipen	tub, basin (medium to large container, e.g. used for washing); tub, container (small container, e.g. used for containing butter or spreads)
kriebelen	v	kriebelde – gekriebeld	to tickle; to itch
Tijn	m		a diminutive of the male given name Constantijn; a surname
zoemer	n	de · mv. zoemers	buzzer
zoemen	v	zoemde – gezoemd	to buzz
wekker	n	de · mv. wekkers	an alarm clock; someone who wakes other people
zomaar	d		just because; for no reason, out of the blue
rillen	v	rilde – gerild	to shiver
zonnebril	n	de · mv. zonnebrillen	a pair of sunglasses
kriebel	n	de · mv. kriebels	an itch
kippenvel	n	het · mv. kippenvellen	a chicken's skin; goose bumps
bezaaien	v	bezaaide – bezaaid	to sow onto
gezeur	n	het	sour mood; nagging
pingpong	n	het	ping pong, table tennis
trilling	n	de · mv. trillingen	vibration, oscillation
Ivano-Frankivsk	m		Ivano-Frankivsk, a city, raion and oblast in Ukraine
tegengaan	v	ging tegen – tegengegaan	to counteract
Kirovohrad	m		former name of Kropyvnytsky; Kirovohrad, an oblast of Ukraine
Rivne	m		Rivne, a city, raion and oblast in Ukraine
Ternopil	m		Ternopil, a city, raion and oblast in Ukraine
korrel	n	de · mv. korrels	a grain, a pellet (particle of a granular substance)
pasvorm	n	de · mv. pasvormen	fit
penningmeester	n	de · mv. penningmeesters	treasurer
tegendeel	n	het	the contrary
meedeling	n	de · mv. meedelingen	notice
waarheen	d		whither, to where (separable)
tuurlijk	d		of course; yeah, right, sure, as if
scheef	a		crooked, not level or straight; weird, not right
scheef	n	de · mv. scheven	shive, i.e. fragment of the woody core of flax or hemp
baal	n	de · mv. balen	a bale of hay or straw; a closed bag or package of wares
verlichten	v	verlichtte – verlicht	to lighten, alleviate (make less heavy); to enlighten, illuminate, brighten (make brighter)
dondersteen	n	de · mv. donderstenen	thunderstone, fulgurite or one of several objects (historically) thought to…; rascal, scamp
muts	n	de · mv. mutsen	tuque (knitted winter cap), a type of brimless hat; a similar soft (nearly)…; vagina
kraag	n	de · mv. kragen	a collar; a frill of feathers or skin of a bird or reptile; a lining, surrounding zone
stug	a		stiff, resistant, inflexible; headstrong, inflexible
aanspraak	n	de · mv. aanspraken	claim (of ownership), legal grounds for a claim; occasion for conversation, conversation
zieke	n	de · mv. zieken	patient, sick person
baronie	n	de · mv. baronieën	barony, domain of a baron
burcht	n	de · mv. burchten	citadel, castle, borough; burrow of a badger, fox or beaver
geintje	n	het · mv. geintjes	a prank, a joke
ijkpunt	n	het · mv. ijkpunten	benchmark
hardheid	n	de · mv. hardheden	hardness
edelsteen	n	de · mv. edelstenen	gemstone, precious stone
sieraad	n	het · mv. sieraden	ornament, piece of jewellery
verfraaien	v	verfraaide – verfraaid	to beautify, embellish
fulleriet	n	het	fullerite
talrijk	a		numerous
groenachtig	a		greenish
schat	n	de · mv. schatten	a treasure, amassed valuables; a rich (varied, rare, large …) collection or find (regardless of intrinsic…; honey, darling, sweet person (term of endearment)
weerkaatsen	v	weerkaatste – weerkaatst	to reflect
onthouding	n	de · mv. onthoudingen	abstinence (the act or practice of abstaining)
prik	n	de · mv. prikken	sting, prick (sting or bite from a bug, etc.); small pointy object, prong; goad, prod
echtgenote	n	de · mv. echtgenotes	wife
zaad	n	het · mv. zaden	plant seed, either natural or for agri- or horticultural use; sperm, semen; a figurative seed, germ, modest start
vingernagel	n	de · mv. vingernagels	fingernail
ingewanden	n		guts, entrails, innards
braken	v	braakte – gebraakt	to vomit
splijten	v	spleet – gespleten	to split
krabben	v	krabde – gekrabd	to scratch
knopen	v	knoopte – geknoopt	to tie with a knot
verdwaald	a		lost
vijandelijk	a		hostile, inimical
blei	n	de · mv. bleien	upper layer of sludge; sludge; cowardly woman
tevredenheid	n	de · mv. tevredenheden	satisfaction, contentment
beleggen	v	belegde – belegd	to cover, smear, butter, spread over (e.g. a piece of bread with butter and jam); to invest money; to convoke, to call a meeting
begroeten	v	begroette – begroet	to hail, greet
heimelijk	a		secretive; furtive, stealthy
sneeuwvlok	n	de · mv. sneeuwvlokken	snowflake
basson	n	de · mv. bassons	bassoon
ringen	v		to ring
vriendelijkheid	n	de · mv. vriendelijkheden	friendliness, kindliness
gescheiden	a		physically separated, detached, severed; separate, distinct; divorced, no longer married (of a person or couple)
feministisch	a		feminist
spier	n	de · mv. spieren	muscle (contractile tissue); spar (pole); the collective of muscles
bek	n	de · mv. bekken	a bird's beak; any animal's mouth (such as a snout); a human mouth
botter	n	de · mv. botters	a type of Dutch fishing vessel with a characteristic hull
weggooien	v	gooide weg – weggegooid	to throw away, discard
jatten	v	jatte – gejat	to nick, pilfer, steal
fietsenrek	n	het · mv. fietsenrekken	a bicycle stand or bike rack; a (bad) set of teeth with one or more diastemas and/or missing teeth
ondersteboven	d		upside down
vechtsport	n	de · mv. vechtsporten	martial art
tarra	n	de	tare (weight)
streepkleur	n	de · mv. streepkleuren	streak
schatkamer	n	de · mv. schatkamers	treasury chamber, treasury vault
brekingsindex	n	de · mv. brekingsindices	refractive index
terugkaatsing	n	de · mv. terugkaatsingen	reflection
polijsten	v	polijstte – gepolijst	to polish
bezwaar	n	het · mv. bezwaren	objection; difficulty, obstacle
bewijs	n	het · mv. bewijzen	proof; evidence; the totality of proof and/or evidence used to make a case
attestering	n	de	certification
bedrag	n	het · mv. bedragen	amount of money
smokkel	n	de	smuggling
smokkelen	v	smokkelde – gesmokkeld	to smuggle, to transport contraband; to cut corners, to use a shortcut
verlokkelijk	a		tempting
verlokken	v	verlokte – verlokt	to tempt
corruptie	n	de	corruption, perversion of integrity through compromise, bribery or conflict…; moral corruption, moral perversion
inwonertal	n	het · mv. inwonertallen	population (number of residents; statistic)
aansluitend	a		connected, contiguous
zandlaag	n	de · mv. zandlagen	sand layer, layer of sand
spoelen	v	spoelde – gespoeld	to rinse, to wash up; to flush; to stream, to wash, to flow
gorgelen	v	gorgelde – gegorgeld	to gargle
toestemming	n	de · mv. toestemmingen	permission, authorization
licentie	n	de · mv. licenties	license (commercial)
producent	n	de · mv. producenten	producer (multiple senses)
meerderheid	n	de · mv. meerderheden	majority
meerder	a		greater, superior
eiwit	n	het · mv. eiwitten	egg white, albumen; protein (uncountable)
karaat	n	het · mv. karaats	carat (unit of weight); carat (measure of purity of gold)
johannesbroodboom	n	de · mv. johannesbroodbomen	carob tree (Ceratonia siliqua)
johannesbrood	n	het	carob (fruit), locust bean
edelmetaal	n	het · mv. edelmetalen	noble metal (a metal which is little (or not at all) subject to oxidation)
gehalte	n	het · mv. gehalten	content (numerical, as a fraction of a whole); value, purity (if higher fractional content (of a valuable metal in an…
kloven	v	kloofde – gekloofd	to cleave, to cut
neurochirurgie	n	de	neurosurgery
keurvorst	n	de · mv. keurvorsten	Elector, Prince-Elector (of the Holy Roman Empire)
sieren	v	sierde – gesierd	to adorn, to decorate; to befit, to be appropriate for; to be nice of, to be decent of
stoutmoedig	a		daring
moedig	a		brave
gezant	n	de · mv. gezanten	envoy
Indiaas	a		Indian
krijgsbuit	n	de	spoils of war
bovenhalen	v	haalde boven – bovengehaald	to unearth, to haul up
schittering	n	de · mv. schitteringen	glitter
verfijning	n	de · mv. verfijningen	refinement
rondist	n	de/het · mv. rondisten	girdle (of a brilliant-cut diamond)
kollet	n	het	culet (of a brilliant-cut gemstone)
maaksel	n	het · mv. maaksels	something that has been made, a product; fabric
zuiverheid	n	de · mv. zuiverheden	purity; clarity
zuiver	a		pure; clean, tidy; net (i.e. after expenses and taxes, when talking about profit, as in zuivere…
zuiver	i		that's right, correct, exactly, agreed
loepzuiver	a		perfectly clear, crystal clear (fully transparent without impurities); perfectly in tune
inwendig	a		internal
uitwendig	a		external
realistisch	a		realistic
nis	n	de · mv. nissen	niche
veronderstellen	v	veronderstelde – verondersteld	to presume, guess, suppose
rotsachtig	a		rocky
omringen	v	omringde – omringd	to surround
nikkelijzer	n	het	kamacite: an alloy of nickel and iron, though mostly iron
toupet	n	de · mv. toupetten	toupee
telescoop	n	de · mv. telescopen	telescope
methaan	n	het	methane
slagzij	n	het	tilt
uiteenlopend	a		various, varied
verkenning	n	de · mv. verkenningen	exploration; reconnaissance
helderheid	n	de · mv. helderheden	brightness; lucidness, lucidity
schijf	n	de · mv. schijven	disk; a slice
taxonomie	n	de	taxonomy
verrekijker	n	de · mv. verrekijkers	pair of binoculars
uitdagend	a		daring, dashing
ongemak	n	het · mv. ongemakken	inconvenience; unease, discomfort; flaw, defect
ongemakkelijk	a		uncomfortable, awkward; inconvenient; uneasy, difficult
opwekken	v	wekte op – opgewekt	to generate; to excite, stimulate
brandschilderen	v	brandschilderde – gebrandschilderd	to stain glass
talloos	a		innumerable
luchtbel	n	de · mv. luchtbellen	air bubble
levendig	a		lively, vivacious
levendig	d		alive, living
gericht	a		targeted, focused
trefzeker	a		accurate
vluchteling	n	de · mv. vluchtelingen	refugee; fugitive
kajal	n	de	synonym of kohl
pendelen	v	pendelde – gependeld	to commute; to oscillate
bovenkant	n	de · mv. bovenkanten	top (upper side)
onderkant	n	de · mv. onderkanten	bottom, underside
vooruit	d		ahead, onward
vooruit	i		come on, go on (used to drive someone forward); fine, oh all right then (said when grudgingly accepting a suggestion for a…
waterput	n	de · mv. waterputten	water well
weddenschap	n	de · mv. weddenschappen	wager, bet
wikkelen	v	wikkelde – gewikkeld	to wrap; to wind
verwarming	n	de · mv. verwarmingen	heating (system)
ontspannen	v	ontspande – ontspannen	to relax; to relax, untense
hokje	n	het · mv. hokjes	space, compartment (e.g. enclosed by a polygon drawn on a piece of paper); label, social category
onpraktisch	a		impractical
zwerfster	n	de · mv. zwerfsters	female tramp, female vagabond
uitstoot	n	de · mv. uitstoten	emission
uitstoot	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
gijzelen	v	gijzelde – gegijzeld	to take hostage
uitwerpsel	n	het · mv. uitwerpselen	excrement, feces
verminken	v	verminkte – verminkt	to mutilate, to maim
opzettelijk	a		deliberate, intentional
opzettelijk	d		deliberately, intentionally
tekening	n	de · mv. tekeningen	drawing
vernederen	v	vernederde – vernederd	to humiliate, humble; to stoop to, humble/humiliate oneself
martelen	v	martelde – gemarteld	to torture, to torment
exhibitionistisch	a		exhibitionist
prosodie	n	de · mv. prosodieën	prosody (linguistics; poetic metre)
verspreiding	n	de · mv. verspreidingen	spread, diffusion, dispersion; distribution (e.g. spatial distribution)
monografie	n	de · mv. monografieën	monograph (scholarly book or a treatise on a single subject or a group of…
leverancier	n	de · mv. leveranciers	supplier
voeding	n	de · mv. voedingen	food (for people), diet; nutrition; power supply
onderdak	n	het	lodging, shelter
verschaffen	v	verschafte – verschaft	to procure, provide
reiziger	n	de · mv. reizigers	traveller, voyager; Dutch people who live in wagons or mobile homes, predominantly descended…
afstammeling	n	de · mv. afstammelingen	descendant
flikken	v	flikte – geflikt	to do, to pull off
genoegen	n	het · mv. genoegens	satisfaction; pleasure, delight
voorraad	n	de · mv. voorraden	stock (inventory), provision; premeditation, counsel beforehand
vernieuwing	n	de · mv. vernieuwingen	innovation
omweg	n	de · mv. omwegen	detour (route that is longer than necessary)
trouwerij	n	de · mv. trouwerijen	wedding
dreef	n	de · mv. dreven	a river segment that is used or suitable for fishery with floating nets; the distance crossed by a floating net; wide rural lane with trees planted on both sides
middenstander	n	de · mv. middenstanders	a small retail business owner, retailer
middenstand	n	de	retail, small retail businesses; middle-class
eetgewoonte	n	de · mv. eetgewoonten	eating habit
uitmaken	v	maakte uit – uitgemaakt	to matter (only in third-person singular); to decide, determine; to make up, to constitute
oppakken	v	pakte op – opgepakt	to pick up; to take up, to take into consideration, to do something with; to arrest (take into police custody)
intrede	n	de · mv. intredes	entrance
intrede	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of intreden
serveren	v	serveerde – geserveerd	to serve
opeten	v	at op – opgegeten	to eat up, to devour
omzet	n	de · mv. omzetten	revenue, turnover; top line
omzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
detailhandel	n	de · mv. detailhandels	retail business
groothandel	n	de · mv. groothandels	wholesale (business)
toeleverancier	n	de · mv. toeleveranciers	subcontractor
loempia	n	de · mv. loempia's	egg roll, spring roll
rups	n	de · mv. rupsen	a caterpillar, the larva of a butterfly; caterpillar, metal alternative for a tire
waf	i		woof (the sound of a dog barking)
omleiden	v	leidde om – omgeleid	to detour, to lead around, to send on a detour
omrijden	v	reed om – omgereden	to drive around, to make a detour; to knock down or knock over by riding or driving
omlopen	v	liep om – omgelopen	to walk around, to make a detour; to knock down or knock over by walking
omver	d		in a way to cause something to be knocked over; having fallen over
manieren	n		manners (proper conduct)
deren	v	deerde – gedeerd	to harm
bijwijlen	d		sometimes
dramaturg	n	de · mv. dramaturgen	dramatist, playwright, dramaturge; dramaturge, person in a coordinative function at theatre productions
bekennen	v	bekende – bekend	to acknowledge, confess; to see, to make out, to discern; to have sex, to know, have carnal knowledge
nadelig	a		disadvantageous, adverse
nadelig	d		disadvantageously
voordelig	a		advantageous; cheap
bedevaart	n	de · mv. bedevaarten	pilgrimage
promoveren	v	promoveerde – gepromoveerd	to be promoted; to promote someone or something; to promote a pawn to a queen or another piece
gestreng	a		stringent
gestreng	d		stringently
bestuursambtenaar	n	de · mv. bestuursambtenaars	civil administrator
bemiddeling	n	de · mv. bemiddelingen	mediation
antidotum	n	het · mv. antidota	synonym of tegengif (“antidote”)
epicentrum	n	het · mv. epicentra	epicentre, point above an earthquake's centre
knar	n	de · mv. knarren	old geezer, oldtimer; bonce, head
trofee	n	de · mv. trofeeën	trophy
Jordi	m		a male given name
curatele	n	de	curatorship
dactylus	n	de · mv. dactyli	dactyl
acryl	n	het	the acidic compound acryl; a wool-like artificial fiber
pitaya	n	de · mv. pitaya's	dragon fruit
tunica	n	de · mv. tunica's	Roman tunic
trombocyt	n	de · mv. trombocyten	thrombocyte, platelet
kokkin	n	de · mv. kokkinnen	a female cook, a cookess
vernuft	n	het	ingenuity, brilliance, intelligence
vernuftig	a		ingenious, nifty
ramadan	n	het · mv. ramadans	Ramadan
elektriciteit	n	de	electricity
stroomsterkte	n	de	electrical current
weerstaan	v	weerstond – weerstaan	to resist, withstand
condensator	n	de · mv. condensatoren	capacitor
sloom	a		sluggish, slow, lifeless
hortensia	n	de · mv. hortensia's	hydrangea, flowering plant of the genus Hydrangea
drammen	v	dramde – gedramd	to nag incessantly; to outstay one's welcome
buxus	n	de · mv. buxussen	A box, boxwood, any plant of the genus Buxus; European boxwood (Buxus sempervirens)
stagiaire	n	de · mv. stagiaires	trainee; intern
azimut	n	het · mv. azimuts	azimuth
elektronvolt	n	de · mv. elektronvolts	electron volt (1.6022 × 10⁻¹⁹ joules)
onopzettelijk	a		accidental, inadvertent, unintentional
onopzettelijk	d		accidentally, inadvertently, unintentionally
woonst	n	de · mv. woonsten	dwelling, house
syntaxis	n	de	syntax (structure of language); syntax (study of syntax)
bigamie	n	de	bigamy
flanel	n	de/het	flannel (cloth material)
vervolging	n	de · mv. vervolgingen	persecution; prosecution
vernietigingskamp	n	het · mv. vernietigingskampen	extermination camp, death camp (camp intended for the extermination of…
doorvertellen	v	vertelde door – doorverteld	to continue telling (a story); to pass on (by word of mouth)
traumatisch	a		traumatic
Beatrijs	m		a female given name, equivalent to English Beatrice
Ieneke	m		a female given name, variant of Ineke
bordeaux	n	de · mv. bordeauxs	Bordeaux (SW French wine); claret (color/colour); certain maroon dyes
bordeaux	a		claret (having the deep purplish-red colour of claret wine)
douanier	n	de · mv. douaniers	a customs official
diplomatie	n	de	the profession and study of diplomacy, conducting political relations…; private diplomacy, acting between parties with similar tact and negotiator…
kladden	v	kladde – geklad	to stain, to make stains
klieren	v	klierde – geklierd	to annoy, to be a nuisance
zwaaien	v	zwaaide – gezwaaid	to sway, to wave; to brandish
spuit	n	de · mv. spuiten	spout; syringe; injection, jab, shot
vuilnisbak	n	de · mv. vuilnisbakken	rubbish bin, trashcan, dustbin; a mongrel dog
trappen	v	trapte – getrapt	to step, to tread; to pedal; to kick
flater	n	de · mv. flaters	a blunder, a blooper, a stupid mistake
pamflet	n	het · mv. pamfletten	pamphlet
degelijk	a		sound, solid; honest
degelijk	d		roundly, squarely
krukken	v	krukte – gekrukt	to work one's crutches, e.g. in order to pull oneself up from the ground
ehm	i		er, uh (expressing hesitation)
beroepshalve	d		in one's professional capacity, while doing one's job; professionally
veiligheidshalve	d		just in case, in order to be on the safe side; for reasons of safety or security
eenwording	n	de · mv. eenwordingen	unification (social or institutional)
altaar	n	het · mv. altaren	altar
hoofdstedelijk	a		of or relating to a capital city
vasteland	n	het · mv. vastelanden	mainland
stierengevecht	n	het · mv. stierengevechten	bullfight
vissersdorp	n	het · mv. vissersdorpen	fishing village
kustgebied	n	het · mv. kustgebieden	coastal area
minimumloon	n	het · mv. minimumlonen	minimum wage
kinderboerderij	n	de · mv. kinderboerderijen	petting zoo (educational and recreational facility for familiarising…
streekgerecht	n	het · mv. streekgerechten	dish particular to a certain region
populariteit	n	de	popularity
vreugdevuur	n	het · mv. vreugdevuren	bonfire
bospad	n	het · mv. bospaden	Forest path
ontbinding	n	de · mv. ontbindingen	decomposition (e.g. of organic matter or in mathematics); dissolution (e.g. of a legal entity)
hufter	n	de · mv. hufters	(Male) jerk, asshole
kraakpand	n	het · mv. kraakpanden	squat (Building occupied by squatters)
kernafval	n	het	nuclear waste
natuurschoon	n	het	natural beauty
lucide	a		lucid
Seoel	m		Seoul (the capital city of South Korea)
opstopping	n	de · mv. opstoppingen	traffic jam
registreren	v	registreerde – geregistreerd	to register
inbegrip	n	het	inclusion
woonachtig	a		resident
toevloed	n	de · mv. toevloeden	influx
dakloos	a		homeless
onderweg	d		en route, on the way
terugvliegen	v	vloog terug – teruggevlogen	to fly back
ditmaal	d		this time
overnemen	v	nam over – overgenomen	to take over
oppikken	v	pikte op – opgepikt	to pick up, glean
optiebeurs	n	de · mv. optiebeurzen	options exchange
optie	n	de · mv. opties	option
ruimtesonde	n	de · mv. ruimtesondes	space probe
vergoeding	n	de · mv. vergoedingen	compensation
schadevergoeding	n	de · mv. schadevergoedingen	damages
corruptiezaak	n	de · mv. corruptiezaken	corruption case
verwikkelen	v	verwikkelde – verwikkeld	to involve, implicate
welriekend	a		fragrant
rieken	v	rook – geroken	to stink
programmeur	n	de · mv. programmeurs	programmer
omstreeks	d		around, circa
voortbracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voortbrengen
vergunning	n	de · mv. vergunningen	a permit, license: authorization by an authority to do something which is…
beweiden	v	beweidde – beweid	to graze, to make animals graze on
kelderen	v	kelderde – gekelderd	to cause to sink; to plummet
kazerne	n	de · mv. kazernen	barracks; base (e.g. a fire station, or an army base, etc.)
herdenkingsdag	n	de · mv. herdenkingsdagen	remembrance day
rouwdag	n	de · mv. rouwdagen	day of mourning
verzinsel	n	het · mv. verzinselen	something that is made up
gebruiksgemak	n	het	ease of use
landingsgestel	n	het · mv. landingsgestellen	Landing gear (equipment of aircraft used for landing)
organisch	a		organic
vasthoudendheid	n	de	relentlessness (condition of being relentless)
complexiteit	n	de · mv. complexiteiten	complexity
verwaarlozing	n	de	negligence
medewerking	n	de	cooperation (working together)
rokkenjager	n	de · mv. rokkenjagers	a womanizer, a skirt chaser, a lady-killer
individualisme	n	het	individualism
buitenstaander	n	de · mv. buitenstaanders	an outsider
interventie	n	de · mv. interventies	intervention
wederrechtelijk	a		illegal, against the law
achteraf	d		afterwards, in hindsight; remote
roekeloosheid	n	de	recklessness
brandhout	n	het	firewood; something of very low quality
verdwalen	v	verdwaalde – verdwaald	to become lost, to go astray
bekruipen	v	bekroop – bekropen	to creep on/ up to, to approach and/or mount by crawling, especially stealthily; to steal upon, to come over, to assail (of feelings and thoughts)
snappen	v	snapte – gesnapt	to get, to understand; to catch in the act
stralen	v	straalde – gestraald	to radiate, to shine; to miscarry; to hit with an arrow or similar weapon
belanden	v	belandde – beland	to end up
ineens	d		suddenly
verdunnen	v	verdunde – verdund	to thin down, to dilute (a liquid or gas)
ebola	n	de	Ebola, Ebola fever; the Ebola virus
bult	n	de · mv. bulten	bump (on an otherwise flat or even surface); hump
speeksel	n	het	saliva, spit(tle)
stolling	n	de · mv. stollingen	solidification; coagulation
camionette	n	de · mv. camionetten	van
gebrek	n	het · mv. gebreken	lack (deficiency, need); deficiency
optreedt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of optreden
aangeslagen	a		shaken, affected; excited, in a higher state of energy
voldaan	a		satisfied
voldoen	v	voldeed – voldaan	to satisfy, to meet; to suffice; to pay in full (a sum of money owed)
uitdoven	v	doofde uit – uitgedoofd	to extinguish
misdaadbestrijding	n	de · mv. misdaadbestrijdingen	crime prevention
neerslaan	v	sloeg neer – neergeslagen	to knock down; to fall down, precipitate (of rain, mist, etc.); to precipitate
gil	n	de · mv. gillen	scream
viertal	n	het · mv. viertallen	quartet, quadruplet (group of four)
schipbreuk	n	de · mv. schipbreuken	shipwreck (event where a ship sinks or runs aground)
windvlaag	n	de · mv. windvlagen	gust
genade	n	de · mv. genaden	mercy; grace (free and undeserved favour, especially of God)
eindeloos	a		endless
altijddurend	a		everlasting
hartstocht	n	de · mv. hartstochten	passion
drukte	n	de	busyness; upheaval; zest
vervagen	v	vervaagde – vervaagd	to blur
kwijten	v	kweet – gekweten	to lose; to quit; to acquit oneself (of some job or task)
teleologie	n	de	teleology
zondig	a		sinful
zonde	n	de · mv. zonden	sin (offence against moral and/or divine law); sin; sinfulness (state of alienation from God or any other deity caused by…
onrein	a		unclean
inlossen	v	loste in – ingelost	to redeem
verlossing	n	de · mv. verlossingen	release; salvation, redemption, rescue; delivery (childbirth)
aanbidding	n	de · mv. aanbiddingen	worship, adulation
verdriet	n	het · mv. verdrieten	grief, sadness, sorrow
vrijmoedigheid	n	de · mv. vrijmoedigheden	frankness, free willingness
toeval	n	het · mv. toevallen	accident, chance; an attack (of epilepsy)
plaatsvervangend	a		substitute, surrogate
geneesmiddel	n	het · mv. geneesmiddelen	a medicine, medication
toevalstreffer	n	de · mv. toevalstreffers	stroke of luck; lucky goal
eerbetoon	n	het · mv. eerbetonen	homage, tribute, praise
nachtblind	a		night-blind
slenteren	v	slenterde – geslenterd	to saunter, to stroll
epifyt	n	de · mv. epifyten	epiphyte, air plant
zaaien	v	zaaide – gezaaid	to sow, plant seed; to spread, sow, engender
psychiatrisch	a		psychiatric
kolenmijn	n	de · mv. kolenmijnen	colliery, coal mine
liftkooi	n	de · mv. liftkooien	elevator cage or lift cage
mijnschacht	n	de · mv. mijnschachten	mineshaft
schachtbok	n	de · mv. schachtbokken	mineshaft tower, headframe, pit frame
ophalen	v	haalde op – opgehaald	to haul up, to raise; to collect
hoogspanning	n	de · mv. hoogspanningen	high voltage; very high tension or stress
perslucht	n	de	compressed air
ogenblikkelijk	d		instantly, instantaneously
instappen	v	stapte in – ingestapt	to get in
afvoer	n	de · mv. afvoeren	drain; drainpipe
afvoer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afvoeren
mangat	n	het · mv. mangaten	manhole
geldboete	n	de · mv. geldboeten	fine (pecuniary penalty)
voorschrift	n	het · mv. voorschriften	prescription, regulation
ontmanteling	n	de · mv. ontmantelingen	dismantling
opdoeken	v	doekte op – opgedoekt	to shut down, to close down
herdenkingsplaats	n	de · mv. herdenkingsplaatsen	memorial
vredesmacht	n	de · mv. vredesmachten	peacekeeping force
verkiesbaar	a		electable
vlaggenschip	n	het · mv. vlaggenschepen	flagship
voorgoed	d		for good
jukbeen	n	het · mv. jukbeenderen	cheekbone
beschermengel	n	de · mv. beschermengelen	a guardian angel (tutelary angel); a guardian angel (protector, minder)
levensgevaarlijk	a		life-threateningly dangerous
voller	n	de · mv. vollers	a fuller (one who fulls cloth)
godsdienstig	a		religious
dysfagie	n	de · mv. dysfagieën	dysphagia
trekschuit	n	de · mv. trekschuiten	trekschuit: a historical canal horse-drawn boat transporting passengers and…
ablativus	n	de · mv. ablativi	ablative case
ondersoort	n	de · mv. ondersoorten	subspecies
achterlijf	n	het · mv. achterlijven	rear, backside of an animal; abdomen, propodeum, opisthosoma
lijf	n	het · mv. lijven	a body; a corsage; a field
gelig	a		yellowish
begrazing	n	de · mv. begrazingen	grazing
opzetten	v	zette op – opgezet	to set up, to install; to put on; to stuff, taxidermy
vereenvoudigen	v	vereenvoudigde – vereenvoudigd	to simplify
verward	a		confused
behoudens	p		except for
nl.	d		viz. (abbreviation of namelijk)
neerschrijven	v	schreef neer – neergeschreven	to write down
sneuvelen	v	sneuvelde – gesneuveld	to die in battle; to perish, be eliminated; to break
tweejaarlijks	a		biennial
klerewijf	n	het · mv. klerewijven	woman with cholera
fluwelen	a		velveteen, made of velvet; velvety, soft and pleasant like velvet
treuren	v	treurde – getreurd	to grieve, be grieved
lonken	v	lonkte – gelonkt	to ogle
ingetogen	a		modest, continent
bespringen	v	besprong – besprongen	to jump or pounce on
tweevoudig	a		double, twofold
terugtreden	v	trad terug – teruggetreden	to withdraw
gedachtegoed	n	het	body of thought, belief system, thinking, philosophy
onomstreden	a		undisputed
kader	n	het · mv. kaders	frame; cadre, framework; cadre, member of the core group of a political organization
inspireren	v	inspireerde – geïnspireerd	to inspire
ambiëren	v	ambieerde – geambieerd	to aspire to
suikerplantage	n	de · mv. suikerplantages	sugar plantation
plantage	n	de · mv. plantages	plantation; a small group of plants and trees; a small planted area
welgesteld	a		well-to-do
jezuïet	n	de · mv. jezuïeten	Jesuit
afstuderen	v	studeerde af – afgestudeerd	to graduate: successfully complete one's studies
greep	n	de · mv. grepen	grasp, clutches; fascination, obsession (in the phrase in de greep van); guess
afgelasten	v	gelastte af – afgelast	to cancel, nullify
afgelasting	n	de · mv. afgelastingen	cancellation
schending	n	de · mv. schendingen	violation
gewapend	a		armed; reinforced, strengthened
slotpleidooi	n	het · mv. slotpleidooien	closing argument (in a court case)
vrijspreken	v	sprak vrij – vrijgesproken	to absolve, acquit
ballingschap	n	de	exile (state of being in exile)
vrijlaten	v	liet vrij – vrijgelaten	to release
bewind	n	het	reign; government, regime, administration
deserteren	v	deserteerde – gedeserteerd	to desert
ontvluchten	v	ontvluchtte – ontvlucht	to flee
volksopstand	n	de · mv. volksopstanden	popular uprising
terechtstellen	v	stelde terecht – terechtgesteld	to execute, to carry out a death sentence
afschrikking	n	de · mv. afschrikkingen	deterrence
gepast	a		appropriate
gepast	d		appropriately; in exact change
veiligheid	n	de · mv. veiligheden	safety, security
zogeheten	a		so-called
aansporen	v	spoorde aan – aangespoord	to exhort, to urge, to encourage
machtigen	v	machtigde – gemachtigd	to authorize
keerpunt	n	het · mv. keerpunten	turning point
bemoeienis	n	de · mv. bemoeienissen	intervention, meddling (usually with a negative connotation)
belabberd	a		ill, rotten, sick; terrible, rotten, of a very poor quality
gezondheidszorg	n	de · mv. gezondheidszorgen	healthcare
dodelijk	a		deadly, lethal, mortal, fatal (causing death)
inenten	v	entte in – ingeënt	to vaccinate
afzweren	v	zwoer af – afgezworen	to abjure, swear off
bezitting	n	de · mv. bezittingen	possession, belonging, personal effect
confisqueren	v	confisqueerde – geconfisqueerd	to confiscate
vaardig	a		skillful
uitvaardigen	v	vaardigde uit – uitgevaardigd	to promulgate
overdragen	v	droeg over – overgedragen	to convey, hand over, transfer (note: this can be either voluntary, as of…
leed	n	het	grief, sorrow, anguish; harm
leed	a		sad
bloeding	n	de · mv. bloedingen	bleeding
opereren	v	opereerde – geopereerd	to operate (perform surgery)
beogen	v	beoogde – beoogd	to intend, aim, seek (have as a goal)
overbrengen	v	bracht over – overgebracht	to convey, to transfer, to transmit
hardnekkig	a		stubborn, stiffnecked; persistent, lasting
ontkrachten	v	ontkrachtte – ontkracht	to diminish the force or strength of, to take the edge off; to refute
onrechtstreeks	a		indirect (BE)
onrechtstreeks	d		indirectly
fortuin	n	het · mv. fortuinen	luck; fortune (riches); fortune (destiny)
aanname	n	de · mv. aannamen	assumption; premise, hypothesis; acceptance
aanname	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aannemen
hertrouwen	v	hertrouwde – hertrouwd	to remarry (to marry after the end of a previous marriage)
verwekken	v	verwekte – verwekt	to beget
minnares	n	de · mv. minnaressen	mistress, female lover
vermommen	v	vermomde – vermomd	to disguise, mask
asiel	n	het · mv. asiels	asylum (state of legal protection); animal shelter
welingelicht	a		abreast, well-informed
beschermheilige	n	de · mv. beschermheiligen	patron saint
zetelen	v	zetelde – gezeteld	to settle, reside, sit (especially as in parliament); to be established
onbemand	a		unmanned
ossenkar	n	de · mv. ossenkarren	oxcart
heiligverklaring	n	de · mv. heiligverklaringen	canonization (US); canonisation (UK) as a saint
reliekschrijn	n	het · mv. reliekschrijnen	a coffin-like reliquary
erfstuk	n	het · mv. erfstukken	heirloom
stijf	a		stiff, rigid; formalistic, posh
herbouwen	v	herbouwde – herbouwd	to rebuild
sarcofaag	n	de · mv. sarcofagen	sarcophagus
lijder	n	de · mv. lijders	sufferer
gebeente	n	het · mv. gebeenten	skeleton
hoeve	n	de · mv. hoeven	farmstead
vernoemen	v	vernoemde – vernoemd	to name after
doodskist	n	de · mv. doodskisten	coffin
gedeeld	a		divided into two equal parts vertically, per pale
dusdanig	d		in such a way, to such an extent; so
dusdanig	t		such
teleurstellen	v	stelde teleur – teleurgesteld	to disappoint
ontberen	v	ontbeerde – ontbeerd	to lack (to not have)
omarmen	v	omarmde – omarmd	to embrace, to put arms around; to embrace, to accept (a plan or a fact)
verstoppertje	n	het	hide and seek
terdege	d		very much, profoundly
bedaard	a		serene, imperturbable; calm, level-headed
bedaard	d		serenely; calmly
gebaar	n	het · mv. gebaren	gesture (act of gesticulating); gesture (act or token of appreciation or lack thereof)
zielsveel	d		intensely, devotedly, with all one's soul
mijmering	n	de · mv. mijmeringen	reverie
versieren	v	versierde – versierd	to decorate; to seduce; to procure by irregular means
vrouwtje	n	het · mv. vrouwtjes	woman (as a term of address), wifey, lassie; the female of a species of animal
onhoudbaar	a		untenable
inbraak	n	de · mv. inbraken	break-in
inzenden	v	zond in – ingezonden	to send in
voordeur	n	de · mv. voordeuren	front door
nachtelijk	a		nocturnal; nightly, nighttime
verstoren	v	verstoorde – verstoord	to disturb, to disrupt
afkeuren	v	keurde af – afgekeurd	to disapprove of; to condemn; to fail (at an inspection)
stellig	a		certain
spoed	n	de	speed; hurry, haste; thread pitch
naaf	n	de · mv. naven	hub, nave
zegsman	n	de · mv. zegslieden	spokesman
persbureau	n	het · mv. persbureaus	news agency
zogenoemd	a		so-called
schurkenstaat	n	de · mv. schurkenstaten	rogue state
lancering	n	de · mv. lanceringen	launch
beschikking	n	de · mv. beschikkingen	power of control, direction or disposal; decision, ruling (by an authorized…; access
vergelding	n	de · mv. vergeldingen	retaliation
vergeldingsmaatregel	n	de · mv. vergeldingsmaatregelen	retaliatory measure
grondgebied	n	het · mv. grondgebieden	territory (of a country, jurisdiction, etc.)
ridderschap	n	het	knighthood (state of being a knight); knighthood (body of knights)
gemeld	a		mentioned
aanhouden	v	hield aan – aangehouden	to arrest; to hail (a cab); to stop (someone in order to ask a question)
polsbandje	n	het · mv. polsbandjes	wristband
ontzettend	a		offputting, appalling
ontzettend	d		offputtingly, appallingly; awfully, incredibly (used as an intensifier)
vervanger	n	de · mv. vervangers	substitute, replacement
bewoond	a		inhabited
opheldering	n	de · mv. ophelderingen	clarification
afvuren	v	vuurde af – afgevuurd	to fire, to fire off (a weapon, projectile)
zodra	c		as soon as
regelrecht	a		downright; completely straight, level; following a straight line
voordracht	n	de · mv. voordrachten	speech; presentation
zalig	a		glorious; blessed; saved
afzegging	n	de · mv. afzeggingen	cancellation
hekwerk	n	het · mv. hekwerken	fencing; railing
futloos	a		dull, spiritless
rondlopen	v	liep rond – rondgelopen	to walk about
Birma	m		Burma (a country in Southeast Asia)
olympisch	a		Olympic
koosnaam	n	de · mv. koosnamen	pet name, name of endearment, hypocorism
koosvorm	n	de · mv. koosvormen	hypocoristic form (see koosnaam and vorm)
vandaar	d		thence; hence, therefore
naamdag	n	de · mv. naamdagen	name day
vergetelheid	n	de	oblivion
verhaspeling	n	de · mv. verhaspelingen	malapropism
achtersteven	n	de · mv. achterstevens	stern
almacht	n	de	omnipotence
overnachten	v	overnachtte – overnacht	to stay overnight, spend the night
verhongeren	v	verhongerde – verhongerd	to starve
hongeren	v	hongerde – gehongerd	to hunger
vastlopen	v	liep vast – vastgelopen	to run aground; to jam, to get stuck (to become congested or stop functioning); to hang, to freeze (to stop functioning)
eredienst	n	de · mv. erediensten	worship, service
allang	d		for a long time already
verstellen	v	verstelde – versteld	to adjust
likken	v	likte – gelikt	to lick
modderpad	n	het · mv. modderpaden	mud path
vreselijk	a		terrible
vreselijk	d		terribly
Archipel	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
hypochondrie	n	de	hypochondriasis (excessive fear of or preoccupation with a serious illness)
verschuilen	v	verschool – verscholen	to hide, to make hidden; to hide, to be hidden, to lurk
falcata	n	de · mv. falcata's	a falcata; an Iberian single-edged curved sword
mui	n	de · mv. muien	break or neck in a sandbar; riptide (a strong flow of water)
separatistisch	a		separatist
afgaan	v	ging af – afgegaan	to go off; to go down; to lose face
staakt-het-vuren	n	het · mv. staakt-het-vurens	ceasefire
terroristisch	a		terrorist
socialistisch	a		socialist
politieagent	n	de · mv. politieagenten	police officer
hetgeen	r		that which, which, what
sluwheid	n	de · mv. sluwheden	cunning
sluw	a		sly, cunning
symboliseren	v	symboliseerde – gesymboliseerd	to symbolize (US); symbolise (UK)
verschuiven	v	verschoof – verschoven	to move, shift; to postpone; to move (oneself)
realiseerbaar	a		realizable (US); realisable (UK)
democratisch	a		democratic
staken	v	staakte – gestaakt	to strike, go on a strike; to suspend, to cease; to support (a plant) with stakes
soevereiniteit	n	de · mv. soevereiniteiten	sovereignty
zelfbeschikking	n	de · mv. zelfbeschikkingen	self-determination
vreedzaam	a		peaceful
gewelddadig	a		violent
gewelddadig	d		violently
kidnappen	v	kidnapte – gekidnapt	to kidnap
doodseskader	n	het · mv. doodseskaders	death squad (squad that murders dissidents)
forensentrein	n	de · mv. forensentreinen	commuter train
verwikkeling	n	de · mv. verwikkelingen	entanglement
ontsporen	v	ontspoorde – ontspoord	to derail
daalder	n	de · mv. daalders	thaler; the Dutch thaler, used in the Netherlands from the 17th century until 1816…; 1½ guilders (shorthand for the monetary value, not a physical coin)
bijzijn	n	het	presence
invoering	n	de	introduction (e.g. of a currency), launch
opraken	v	raakte op – opgeraakt	to run out
begeerd	v		coveted; past participle of begeren
verscheuren	v	verscheurde – verscheurd	to tear apart
indertijd	d		at the time, back then
spreekwoord	n	het · mv. spreekwoorden	saying, proverb
inwilligen	v	willigde in – ingewilligd	to grant, accede
verontwaardiging	n	de · mv. verontwaardigingen	indignation
verslaggever	n	de · mv. verslaggevers	reporter (especially an on-site reporter)
vernieling	n	de · mv. vernielingen	destruction
afscheidingsbeweging	n	de · mv. afscheidingsbewegingen	separatist movement
rookwolk	n	de · mv. rookwolken	cloud of smoke
gemeenteraad	n	de · mv. gemeenteraden	city council, municipal council
vooravond	n	de · mv. vooravonden	early evening; eve (evening before)
kerstavond	n	de · mv. kerstavonden	Christmas Eve (evening before Christmas Day)
afpersing	n	de · mv. afpersingen	extortion
opbrengst	n	de · mv. opbrengsten	proceeds (gross revenue)
lichting	n	de · mv. lichtingen	generation, wave, batch (said of people, such as a class of a given year or…
trekje	n	het · mv. trekjes	characteristic, trait; draw, drag (from a cigarette)
toejuichen	v	juichte toe – toegejuicht	to acclaim, applaud
wapenstilstand	n	de · mv. wapenstilstanden	armistice, ceasefire
uitleveren	v	leverde uit – uitgeleverd	to extradite (to remove a person from one jurisdiction to another by legal…
gevangenzetten	v	zette gevangen – gevangengezet	to incarcerate
dienaar	n	de · mv. dienaars	servant
verongelukken	v	verongelukte – verongelukt	to die in an accident
mankement	n	het · mv. mankementen	defect
onrust	n	de · mv. onrusten	unrest (state of agitation); unrest, upheaval (agitated situation); balance wheel
wegnemen	v	nam weg – weggenomen	to take away
onschendbaar	a		inviolable; immune (from prosecution)
achterneef	n	de · mv. achterneven	a grandnephew; a male second cousin
teugel	n	de · mv. teugels	rein
burgeroorlog	n	de · mv. burgeroorlogen	civil war
heerschappij	n	de · mv. heerschappijen	lordship, dominion
omvorming	n	de · mv. omvormingen	transformation
duurzaam	a		durable, lasting; sustainable
verheffing	n	de · mv. verheffingen	lifting up, the act of raising; edification, uplifting through education or cultural influence
luiden	v	luidde – geluid	to sound; to have a content or wording, to read
aanvaarding	n	de · mv. aanvaardingen	acceptance
persoonlijkheid	n	de · mv. persoonlijkheden	personality, character (distinctive psychological traits of a person); person, character, individual; hypostasis, person
tegenovergesteld	a		opposite
eerzuchtig	a		ambitious (with negative connotations)
gril	n	de · mv. grillen	caprice, whim, impulse
Saba	m		Saba (an island, dependent territory, and special municipality of the…
beladen	v	belaadde – beladen	to burden, to charge, to lade, to freight, to load, to encumber; to pack, to pile
beladen	a		laden, fraught (heavily loaded or weighed down)
naartoe	p		to, towards (an end point or destination)
Noord-Ierland	m		Northern Ireland (a constituent country and province of the United Kingdom,…
kabouter	n	de · mv. kabouters	a (now usually benevolent) tiny folkloric bearded man who traditionally…; a very young female member of the scout movement
trog	n	de · mv. troggen	trough; trench
evenwicht	n	het · mv. evenwichten	balance, equilibrium; equilibrium
voorgevoel	n	het · mv. voorgevoelens	presentiment, premonition
meier	n	de · mv. meiers	bailiff; honderdje, a 100 guilder or 100 euro banknote
meierij	n	de · mv. meierijen	bailiwick
pluk	n	de · mv. plukken	a handful, a tuft
Láadan	n	het	a constructed language designed as an experiment in feminist linguistics
verlossen	v	verloste – verlost	to free, liberate; to redeem; to attend the birth of an infant and provide postpartum care to the mother…
epigenetica	n	de	epigenetics
polemist	n	de · mv. polemisten	a polemicist
syllabe	n	de · mv. syllablen	syllable
evenement	n	het · mv. evenementen	occurrence of social importance; event
stierenrennen	n	het	bull run, running of the bulls
stier	n	de · mv. stieren	a bull; a male of certain mammals, in particular bovines
tomatengevecht	n	het · mv. tomatengevechten	tomato fight
optocht	n	de · mv. optochten	procession
groentekraam	n	de/het · mv. groentekramen	vegetable stall
oproer	n	de/het · mv. oproeren	uproar, riot; tumult, upheaval
vergoeden	v	vergoedde – vergoed	to compensate for, to reimburse
volhouden	v	hield vol – volgehouden	to continue, persevere
gemeengoed	n	het · mv. gemeengoederen	common property; common practice, common feature
lijkwade	n	de · mv. lijkwaden	funeral shroud (piece of white cloth wrapped around the body or covering the…
bijstaan	v	stond bij – bijgestaan	to assist; to stand by or nearby
krijtgesteente	n	het	chalk
mergel	n	de	marl
afzettingsgesteente	n	het · mv. afzettingsgesteenten	sedimentary rock
klastisch	a		clastic
transporteren	v	transporteerde – getransporteerd	to transport
verkitten	v	verkitte – verkit	to cement
diagenese	n	de	diagenesis
zandsteen	n	de	sandstone
siltsteen	n	de · mv. siltstenen	siltstone
schalie	n	de · mv. schaliën	shale
leisteen	n	de/het	slate
stollingsgesteente	n	het · mv. stollingsgesteenten	igneous rock
bodemkunde	n	de	soil science
oververzadiging	n	de · mv. oververzadigingen	supersaturation
steenzout	n	het · mv. steenzouten	halite, sodium chloride
uiteenlopen	v	liep uiteen – uiteengelopen	to diverge
ontdekkingsreiziger	n	de · mv. ontdekkingsreizigers	explorer (especially during the Age of Exploration)
kruidenier	n	de · mv. kruideniers	grocer
groenteboer	n	de · mv. groenteboers	greengrocer
opdoen	v	deed op – opgedaan	to acquire
onderhoudsbezoek	n	het · mv. onderhoudsbezoeken	maintenance visit
afwisselen	v	wisselde af – afgewisseld	to alternate; to vary
lanceren	v	lanceerde – gelanceerd	to launch
brok	n	de/het · mv. brokken	a scrap, remnant of shattering; damage, harm, wreckage, pieces (as a consequence of an accident); a lump, chunk, piece
onherstelbaar	a		irreparable; irredeemable
opschorten	v	schortte op – opgeschort	to postpone, suspend
wederom	d		again, once again
hitteschild	n	het · mv. hitteschilden	heat shield
voegsel	n	het · mv. voegsels	joiner, gap filler
ruimtewandeling	n	de · mv. ruimtewandelingen	spacewalk
verdubbelen	v	verdubbelde – verdubbeld	to double; to become doubled
volharding	n	de · mv. volhardingen	persistence, perseverance
beeldhouwen	v	beeldhouwde – gebeeldhouwd	to carve (sculptures, as an art form)
beeldhouwen	n	het	sculpture
dominee	n	de · mv. dominees	minister, pastor in several Protestant denominations
bevoordelen	v	bevoordeelde – bevoordeeld	to favor, advantage, benefit
beklimmen	v	beklom – beklommen	to climb, to mount
samenzwering	n	de · mv. samenzweringen	conspiracy
ontlopen	v	ontliep – ontlopen	to outrun, evade
burgerrechtenbeweging	n	de · mv. burgerrechtenbewegingen	civil rights movement
burgerrecht	n	het · mv. burgerrechten	civil right
geweldloos	a		non-violent
bekendheid	n	de · mv. bekendheden	familiarity, acquaintance, knowledge; fame, name; someone famous, a celebrity
uitstraling	n	de · mv. uitstralingen	eradiation; aura
legendarisch	a		legendary
tragisch	a		tragic
dieptepunt	n	het · mv. dieptepunten	low point, nadir
voorvechter	n	de · mv. voorvechters	champion (defender of a cause)
roerig	a		restless
goedaardig	a		benign, not malignant; benign, good-natured; minor, unimportant
verstandhouding	n	de · mv. verstandhoudingen	understanding (relation between persons: i.e. "get-alongness")
wilskracht	n	de	willpower
geweldloosheid	n	de	non-violence
niet-gewelddadig	a		non-violent
uitdagen	v	daagde uit – uitgedaagd	to challenge
kenbaar	a		known; cognizable
menigte	n	de · mv. menigten	crowd; multitude
nabestaande	n	de · mv. nabestaanden	a close relative, in particular a surviving family member or next of kin of…
nasleep	n	de · mv. naslepen	aftermath
misdadiger	n	de · mv. misdadigers	criminal
herzien	v	herzag – herzien	to revise, to review
deskundige	n	de · mv. deskundigen	expert
onderwijzing	n	de · mv. onderwijzingen	teaching
voortgang	n	de · mv. voortgangen	progress, progression (toward a goal)
kwaal	n	de · mv. kwalen	ailment, illness
boeten	v	boette – geboet	to pay for something as punishment; to suffer consequences; to expiate
onvermijdelijk	a		inevitable
vooruitgang	n	de · mv. vooruitgangen	progress
onvermoeibaar	a		tireless
inzet	n	de · mv. inzetten	commitment, effort; bet, stake; cue, musical entry or entrance, the point when someone begins their part
inzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
rouwklacht	n	de · mv. rouwklachten	lamentation
gerechtigheid	n	de · mv. gerechtigheden	justice, righteousness
inzien	v	zag in – ingezien	to realise (UK); realize (US); to glance over, to inspect quickly and cursorily
opdat	c		so that
bedelaar	n	de · mv. bedelaars	a beggar, a mendicant, who requests alms or handouts; a pauper, one who can't properly provide in his/her own/family's needs
oppervlakkig	a		shallow, superficial
onbehaaglijk	a		uncomfortable
onbehaaglijk	d		uncomfortably
gerechtigd	a		entitled (having a legal right to something)
veelzijdig	a		multifaceted
excentriek	a		eccentric
erven	v	erfde – geërfd	to inherit
vervalsen	v	vervalste – vervalst	to falsify
buitenaards	a		extraterrestrial, alien
bewustzijn	n	het	consciousness
onderbewustzijn	n	het	subconsciousness
onderbewust	a		subconscious
bewonderen	v	bewonderde – bewonderd	to admire
hartstilstand	n	de · mv. hartstilstanden	cardiac arrest
nalaten	v	liet na – nagelaten	to leave behind, bequeath; to neglect
uiteenvallen	v	viel uiteen – uiteengevallen	to disintegrate
draisine	n	de · mv. draisines	draisine (light railway vehicle)
absolutisme	n	het	absolutism (doctrine or philosophy involving metaphysical absolutes)
karamel	n	de · mv. karamels	caramel (smooth, chewy, sticky confection made by heating sugar and other…; a piece (usually block-shaped) of candy made from caramel
wankelen	v	wankelde – gewankeld	to stagger; to waver, to wobble
sluimeren	v	sluimerde – gesluimerd	to slumber
vervullen	v	vervulde – vervuld	to fulfill
kadet	n	de · mv. kadetten	cadet; small round bun, usually used in the diminutive form
kaliber	n	het · mv. kalibers	calibre
frats	n	de · mv. fratsen	prank, trick, a strange, silly or deceptive action
fixen	v	fixte – gefixt	to fix (to inject drugs); to fix [a game] through bribery or manipulation
fixeren	v	fixeerde – gefixeerd	to fix, affix
lasser	n	de · mv. lassers	welder
hittegolf	n	de · mv. hittegolven	heat wave, hot spell
leges	n		administrative fees paid to a government
puls	n	de · mv. pulsen	a pulse (e.g. of a shock, heartbeat or sonar)
Marjan	m		a female given name
gepaard	a		paired
hervatten	v	hervatte – hervat	to resume
bouwput	n	de · mv. bouwputten	excavation
uitgraven	v	groef uit – uitgegraven	to excavate
lekkage	n	de · mv. lekkages	leakage
schets	n	de · mv. schetsen	sketch
westelijk	a		western
oostelijk	a		eastern
grondwaterstand	n	de · mv. grondwaterstanden	water table
grondwater	n	het · mv. grondwaters	ground water
wevershuisje	n	het · mv. wevershuisjes	weaver's house
vergevorderd	a		advanced, late
aannemer	n	de · mv. aannemers	contractor (construction contractor)
aanbrengen	v	bracht aan – aangebracht	to mount, attach; to apply (e.g. paint onto a surface); to fix, adjust
pand	n	het · mv. panden	house; pledge, pawn; premises
draagkracht	n	de · mv. draagkrachten	carrying capacity
spuiten	v	spoot – gespoten	to squirt, to spout; to inject, to shoot
matig	a		moderate; so-so, middling; gentle, lenient, not extreme, forgiving (of an authority figure)
optillen	v	tilde op – opgetild	to lift up
peilbuis	n	de · mv. peilbuizen	pipe or duct used to measure the water table
ongedeerd	a		unharmed, unhurt, unscathed
erepenning	n	de · mv. erepenningen	medal
buitenechtelijk	a		extramarital
boulevardkrant	n	de · mv. boulevardkranten	tabloid (low-quality, sensationalist newspaper)
ontrouw	a		unfaithful, disloyal
ontrouw	n	de	infidelity, disloyalty
slijk	n	het	mud
aantijging	n	de · mv. aantijgingen	allegation, accusation, imputation
verwerken	v	verwerkte – verwerkt	to process; to assimilate, to cope with, to come to terms with
onpasselijk	a		having the tendency to vomit; vomit inducing; nauseous
onpasselijkheid	n	de · mv. onpasselijkheden	the tendency to vomit, nausea, also used figuratively
meent	n	de · mv. meenten	communal pasture, common land for grazing
opbrengen	v	bracht op – opgebracht	to yield, to produce; to afford the energy or capacity for
brandwond	n	de · mv. brandwonden	burn
pitbull	n	de · mv. pitbulls	pit bull
Procrustes	m		Procrustes (legendary Attic highwayman and misshaper of members)
poetsen	v	poetste – gepoetst	to clean, shine; to brush (teeth)
versmelting	n	de · mv. versmeltingen	amalgamation; blend, portmanteau word
toonladder	n	de · mv. toonladders	scale
allereerst	d		in the first place, firstly
allereerst	a		the very first, the first of all
volledigheid	n	de · mv. volledigheden	completeness
gemoedstoestand	n	de · mv. gemoedstoestanden	mood, state of mind, emotional state
snaar	n	de · mv. snaren	string
snaarinstrument	n	het · mv. snaarinstrumenten	string instrument
rangschikken	v	rangschikte – gerangschikt	to sort, to order (to put something in order); to classify
bedelen	v	bedelde – gebedeld	to beg for alms or handouts, to panhandle; to assign, to attribute, to impart, to endow
overduidelijk	a		obvious
overduidelijk	d		obviously
betoog	n	het · mv. betogen	argument, plea (subjective discourse in which one argues in favour of something)
gegeven	a		given, determined, known
gegeven	n	het · mv. gegevens	datum, a given fact, parameter, piece of information
opeisen	v	eiste op – opgeëist	to claim, demand
zeevaarder	n	de · mv. zeevaarders	seafarer
achterblijven	v	bleef achter – achtergebleven	to remain, stay behind, hang back (to stay somewhere, while others leave); to lag behind, fail to catch up
grootgrondbezitter	n	de · mv. grootgrondbezitters	large landowner
aftreding	n	de · mv. aftredingen	resignation
industrialisering	n	de · mv. industrialiseringen	industrialisation (UK); industrialization (US)
democratisering	n	de · mv. democratiseringen	democratisation (UK), democratization (US)
voordien	d		before this
terzijde	d		aside
arbeidskracht	n	de · mv. arbeidskrachten	worker, labourer
gewas	n	het · mv. gewassen	crop; plant, vegetation
exporteur	n	de · mv. exporteurs	exporter
suikerriet	n	het · mv. suikerrieten	sugar cane
sojaboon	n	de · mv. sojabonen	soybean
ijzererts	n	het · mv. ijzerertsen	iron ore
kwarts	n	het · mv. kwartsen	quartz
onaangesproken	a		untapped
ongelijkheid	n	de · mv. ongelijkheden	inequality
rundvlees	n	het	beef
kippenvlees	n	het	chicken (meat)
leeuwendeel	n	het · mv. leeuwendelen	lion's share
vakbond	n	de · mv. vakbonden	trade union
afvaardigen	v	vaardigde af – afgevaardigd	to delegate
merendeel	n	het · mv. merendelen	majority, largest proportion
ruw	a		rough, crude, harsh (not gentle); raw, crude (unprocessed)
opgewekt	a		cheerful
zonnestelsel	n	het · mv. zonnestelsels	solar system; star system or planetary system
sterrenstelsel	n	het · mv. sterrenstelsels	galaxy
Melkweg	n	de	Milky Way
onopvallend	a		inconspicuous, subtle
toeschouwer	n	de · mv. toeschouwers	spectator
excentrisch	a		eccentric
beschijnen	v	bescheen – beschenen	to shine on
getijde	n	het · mv. getijden	a tide of the sea, either flood or ebb; canonical hour
omlooptijd	n	de · mv. omlooptijden	orbital period
schijngestalte	n	de · mv. schijngestalten	phase (e.g. lunar phase)
afremmen	v	remde af – afgeremd	to slow down
veranderlijk	a		variable, changing, mutable
bolvormig	a		spherical, globular
uitdijen	v	dijde uit – uitgedijd	to expand
wijdverspreid	a		widespread
desondanks	d		this notwithstanding, in spite of this, nevertheless
kubiek	a		cubic
viskeus	a		viscous
hooguit	d		at most
opwaarts	a		upward
opwaarts	d		upwards
duin	n	de · mv. duinen	a dune
omvattend	a		comprehensive, inclusive
schommelen	v	schommelde – geschommeld	to swing, to sway side to side; to oscillate, fluctuate
schommel	n	de · mv. schommels	a swing
tegenhouden	v	hield tegen – tegengehouden	to stop, to inhibit; to hold back, to keep at bay; to arrest
oerwoud	n	het · mv. oerwouden	jungle (primeval forest in tropic regions); primeval or virgin forest
daadwerkelijk	d		effectively, actually
daadwerkelijk	a		actual
oplossen	v	loste op – opgelost	to dissolve; to solve
toevoer	n	de · mv. toevoeren	supply
toevoer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toevoeren
kringloop	n	de · mv. kringlopen	cycle (iterative sequential process consisting of more than one stage)
breedtegraad	n	de · mv. breedtegraden	latitude (degree of latitude)
omkering	n	de · mv. omkeringen	reversal
poollicht	n	het · mv. poollichten	aurora
aanvoer	n	de · mv. aanvoeren	supply
aanvoer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanvoeren; singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanvaren
fladderen	v	fladderde – gefladderd	to flutter
kwaken	v	kwaakte – gekwaakt	to quack; to croak
carnaval	n	het · mv. carnavals	the carnival, last festive occasion(s) before Lent, notably on Shrove Tuesday; a festival celebrated with costuming, parades and other festivities, with a…
forfait	n	de · mv. forfaits	fixed amount, lumpsum; flat rate; a pre-determined tax amount
tafelbier	n	het · mv. tafelbieren	a legally determined name for beer of which alcohol percentage is between 1…
pech	n	de	bad luck; misfortune; breakdown, e.g. of a car
grut	n	het · mv. grutten	groat, broken-up or ground grain; small stuff, little things; children
onderwerpen	v	onderwierp – onderworpen	to subject
teleurstelling	n	de · mv. teleurstellingen	disappointment
misrekening	n	de · mv. misrekeningen	miscalculation; disappointment
binnenzee	n	de · mv. binnenzeeën	inland sea (sea mostly enclosed by land)
Waddenzee	m		the Wadden Sea: a marginal sea stretching from the northern Netherlands to…
kraker	n	de · mv. krakers	one who cracks or an instrument used to crack; a chiropractor; a squatter
Germaans	a		Germanic
Germaans	m		the Germanic or Proto-Germanic language
veldheer	n	de · mv. veldheren	warlord, general
ossenhuid	n	de · mv. ossenhuiden	oxhide
veldtocht	n	de · mv. veldtochten	military campaign
garanderen	v	garandeerde – gegarandeerd	to guarantee
doortocht	n	de · mv. doortochten	transit, passage (act of travelling where one only passes through a locale…
gespierd	a		muscular
bebaard	a		bearded
raadsel	n	het · mv. raadsels	riddle; mystery
raadselachtig	a		puzzling, mysterious
raadselachtigheid	n	de · mv. raadselachtigheden	mysteriousness
terloops	d		in passing
terloops	a		cursory
ruiter	n	de · mv. ruiters	a rider, horseman; an armed horseman, a cavalry soldier; a tab (small flap or strip of material)
vrijgesteld	v		exempt: past participle of vrijstellen
troebel	a		murky, turbid
troebelen	n		agitation, turbulence
gewezen	a		former
opstandeling	n	de · mv. opstandelingen	insurgent, rebel, insurrectionist
platbranden	v	brandde plat – platgebrand	to burn down
verhuizing	n	de · mv. verhuizingen	move (change of place of habitation)
pluriform	a		pluriform, polymorphous
immers	d		Indicates that an explanation is being given for an earlier statement.;…
inbreng	n	de	input, say (ability to contribute); hotchpot, collation
inbreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inbrengen
landvoogd	n	de · mv. landvoogden	governor
hardvochtig	a		hard-hearted
uitlokken	v	lokte uit – uitgelokt	to provoke
aanstelling	n	de · mv. aanstellingen	appointment (placing into a position of power)
verordonneren	v	verordonneerde – verordonneerd	to order (give an order)
belastinginner	n	de · mv. belastinginners	tax collector
optrekken	v	trok op – opgetrokken	to pull up; to rise up (against); to accelerate
oprukken	v	rukte op – opgerukt	to march, advance
alsnog	d		as yet, still
beteugelen	v	beteugelde – beteugeld	to curb, rein
leenwoord	n	het · mv. leenwoorden	loanword
slopen	v	sloopte – gesloopt	to demolish; to waste someone, beat up; to exhaust
ontvolken	v	ontvolkte – ontvolkt	to depopulate
inlijven	v	lijfde in – ingelijfd	to incorporate
bekeren	v	bekeerde – bekeerd	to convert (e.g. to a religion or ideology); to participate in a cup match
versmelten	v	versmolt – versmolten	to coalesce (melt/blend together)
samensmelten	v	smolt samen – samengesmolten	to amalgamate (melt/blend together)
verlegenheid	n	de · mv. verlegenheden	embarrassment, shyness
plunderen	v	plunderde – geplunderd	to plunder, to pillage, to ransack; to empty, to completely withdraw
kruistocht	n	de · mv. kruistochten	crusade, a Christian holy war; quest, 'sacred' cause, notably against some evil; naval crossing, act of crossing a body of water
kruisvaarder	n	de · mv. kruisvaarders	crusader (a fighter in the mediaeval crusades)
tegenwoordigheid	n	de · mv. tegenwoordigheden	presence
leerstellig	a		doctrinal (pertaining to dogma or doctrine)
verfijnd	a		refined
vereenvoudiging	n	de · mv. vereenvoudigingen	simplification
beleg	n	het	siege on a city; bread topping
overgaan	v	ging over – overgegaan	to turn into; to move up; switch, shift (from one thing or status to another)
psychosomatisch	a		psychosomatic
formicarium	n	het · mv. formicaria	formicarium
detecteerbaar	a		detectable
afgeplat	a		flattened
spiraal	n	de · mv. spiralen	a spiral; an intrauterine device, a IUD
spiraalvormig	a		spiral, spiral-shaped
dusverre	d		thus far
detecteren	v	detecteerde – gedetecteerd	to detect
ontbreken	v	ontbrak – ontbroken	to be missing
ontbreken	n	het	absence, lack
avanceren	v	avanceerde – geavanceerd	to advance
geavanceerd	a		advanced
sterrenkundige	n	de · mv. sterrenkundigen	astronomer
oerknal	n	de · mv. oerknallen	Big Bang
knal	n	de · mv. knallen	bang, short loud sound, crash
klonter	n	de · mv. klonters	synonym of klont (“lump”)
benadering	n	de · mv. benaderingen	approach; approximation
aanpasbaar	a		adjustable
wisselwerking	n	de · mv. wisselwerkingen	interaction, interplay
verwaarloosbaar	a		negligible
samentrekken	v	trok samen – samengetrokken	to shrivel up
plakken	v	plakte – geplakt	to stick; to glue, to paste; to paste (insert an item previously saved to memory)
ingewikkeld	a		complicated
denkbeeldig	a		imaginary, notional
imaginair	a		imaginary
interageren	v	interageerde – geïnterageerd	to interact
smakelijk	a		tasty, delicious
smakelijk	i		enjoy your meal, bon appétit
aanknopingspunt	n	het · mv. aanknopingspunten	starting point, lead; point of reference
drumstel	n	het · mv. drumstellen	drum set
ongewijzigd	a		unaltered
fotograaf	n	de · mv. fotografen	photographer
inzameling	n	de · mv. inzamelingen	collection (the act of collecting)
allebei	t		both
allebei	r		both
Joost	m		a male given name; Satan, the Devil
Engelse	n	de · mv. Engelsen	Englishwoman
rif	n	het · mv. riffen	reef: a chain or range of rocks lying at or near the surface of the water; reef: an arrangement to reduce the area of a sail in a high wind; corpse, dead animal body of esp. a human, particularly when already…
volksfeest	n	het · mv. volksfeesten	festival
kermis	n	de · mv. kermissen	a funfair; a fair (e.g. outdoor fair, village fair, county fair)
brouwen	v	brouwde – gebrouwen	to brew; to pronounce the sound "r" as a uvular consonant
bierpul	n	de · mv. bierpullen	beer stein, tankard: a kind of beer mug
snoeren	v	snoerde – gesnoerd	to lace, string
verloven	v	verloofde – verloofd	to conclude an engagement; to undertake an engagement, get engaged; to allow, permit
voorkant	n	de · mv. voorkanten	front
draagster	n	de · mv. draagsters	wearer
dweil	n	de · mv. dweilen	floorcloth, mop; worthless person; weakling
slaginstrument	n	het · mv. slaginstrumenten	percussion instrument
dweilorkest	n	het · mv. dweilorkesten	marching band or small band orchestra of wind and percussive instruments,…
orkest	n	het · mv. orkesten	orchestra
blaaskapel	n	de · mv. blaaskapellen	marching band
aanmoedigen	v	moedigde aan – aangemoedigd	to encourage
onwaarheid	n	de · mv. onwaarheden	falsehood
leegte	n	de · mv. leegten	emptiness
Prediker	m		Ecclesiastes (book of the Bible)
prediker	n	de · mv. predikers	preacher
bovennatuurlijk	a		supernatural; metaphysical
wangedrag	n	het	misconduct
verdoven	v	verdoofde – verdoofd	to deafen; to anesthetize, administer a tranquilizer; to stupefy, stun
verdovend	a		stupefacient
ontevredenheid	n	de · mv. ontevredenheden	dissatisfaction
blaam	n	de	blame
gehechtheid	n	de · mv. gehechtheden	attachment
nirwana	n	het	nirvana
kwikzilver	n	het	mercury
overgangsmetaal	n	het · mv. overgangsmetalen	transition metal
onmisbaar	a		indispensable
bedwelmen	v	bedwelmde – bedwelmd	to stun, to intoxicate, to daze
vrijgevigheid	n	de	generosity
verzaking	n	de · mv. verzakingen	renunciation; neglect
geduld	n	het	patience
oprechtheid	n	de · mv. oprechtheden	sincerity
beginsel	n	het · mv. beginselen	principle
voorafgaan	v	ging vooraf – voorafgegaan	to precede
alsmaar	d		all the time
wanhoop	n	de	a state of despair, lack of hope
ontwaken	v	ontwaakte – ontwaakt	to wake up, to awaken
onderhevig	a		subject to
voorzetselbijwoord	n	het · mv. voorzetselbijwoorden	a word with the form of a preposition but the function of an adverb. For…
eenlettergrepig	a		monosyllabic
meerlettergrepig	a		polysyllabic
noodzakelijkerwijs	d		necessarily
oorzakelijkheid	n	de · mv. oorzakelijkheden	causality
vergaan	v	verging – vergaan	to rot, to perish, to expire; to founder (ship); to die
onwetendheid	n	de · mv. onwetendheden	ignorance
causaliteit	n	de · mv. causaliteiten	causality
kastijding	n	de · mv. kastijdingen	chastisement, punishment
onvoordelig	a		unfavorable (US); unfavourable (UK)
achtvoudig	a		eightfold
inlaten	v	liet in – ingelaten	to let in; to concern oneself
zijderoute	n	de · mv. zijderoutes	Silk Road
invallen	v	viel in – ingevallen	to fall into; to begin abruptly, to suddenly start appearing; to fill in (e.g. for someone who is sick)
spreektaal	n	de · mv. spreektalen	vernacular (everyday/colloquial speech), spoken language, everyday language
ingaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ingaan
kalmte	n	de · mv. kalmtes	calmness, calm
uitbundigheid	n	de · mv. uitbundigheden	exuberance (enthusiasm, abundance)
uitzichtloos	a		hopeless; without any reasonable expectations for any improvement in a medical condition
uitzicht	n	het · mv. uitzichten	outlook, view (panorama); outlook, prospect (expectation for the future)
wierook	n	de	incense
toelichting	n	de · mv. toelichtingen	explanation
voorrang	n	de	priority, precedence; right-of-way
gelijkvloers	a		at-grade
kruising	n	de · mv. kruisingen	act or instance of crossing; crossing, crossroads, intersection; hybrid, cross
slagboom	n	de · mv. slagbomen	boom barrier, boom gate
aankleding	n	de · mv. aankledingen	decoration, furnishing; stage setting
instap	n	de · mv. instappen	boarding: the act of stepping into a vehicle
instap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of instappen
afweging	n	de · mv. afwegingen	assessment: the consideration/weighing of alternative possibilities
busbaan	n	de · mv. busbanen	a bus lane
gsm	n	de · mv. gsm's	mobile phone, cellphone
pretpark	n	het · mv. pretparken	amusement park
themapark	n	het · mv. themaparken	theme park
genaamd	a		named
verbouwen	v	verbouwde – verbouwd	to build into something different, to renovate; to cultivate
achtbaan	n	de · mv. achtbanen	rollercoaster
Trijntje	m		a diminutive of the female given name Katharina
snoezelen	v	snoezelde – gesnoezeld	to practice snoezelen
snuffelen	v	snuffelde – gesnuffeld	to snuffle; to search for something haphazardly
doezelen	v	doezelde – gedoezeld	to doze; to feather, to dry-paint
minstens	d		at least
notaris	n	de · mv. notarissen	notary
echtscheiding	n	de · mv. echtscheidingen	divorce
kloofdal	n	het · mv. kloofdalen	valley gorge, ravine
stuwdam	n	de · mv. stuwdammen	barrage, dam
traject	n	het · mv. trajecten	route
bevinden	v	bevond – bevonden	to discover, to find; to be located, to find oneself
uitloper	n	de · mv. uitlopers	an offshoot; outlying area; foothill (usually in the plural)
versmallen	v	versmalde – versmald	to narrow, narrow down
bakkerij	n	de · mv. bakkerijen	a bakery
houwen	v	hieuw – gehouwen	to hew
blootleggen	v	legde bloot – blootgelegd	to lay bare, to expose, to uncover
uithouwen	v	hieuw uit – uitgehouwen	to hew out
berucht	a		notorious, infamous
doorgang	n	de · mv. doorgangen	passage, thoroughfare (way of going through)
navenant	d		in keeping, accordingly, correspondingly
navenant	a		corresponding (being in correspondence with something)
bevaarbaar	a		navigable
vaargeul	n	de · mv. vaargeulen	channel, fairway
stroomopwaarts	d		upstream, upriver
stuwmeer	n	het · mv. stuwmeren	reservoir: artificial lake used as a source of water supply
gehuisvest	a		housed
steur	n	de · mv. steuren	a sturgeon, fish of the genus Acipenser; the European sturgeon, Acipenser sturio
kronkelend	a		twisting
kronkelen	v	kronkelde – gekronkeld	to twist, to squirm
vrijhaven	n	de · mv. vrijhavens	free port, free zone; haven, refuge
smokkelnest	n	het · mv. smokkelnesten	smugglers' nest
stroomafwaarts	d		downstream, downriver
ommuren	v	ommuurde – ommuurd	to wall in
huisvesting	n	de	housing, accommodation
twistappel	n	de · mv. twistappels	apple of discord
aansluiting	n	de · mv. aansluitingen	junction, connection (such as a power junction — stroomaansluiting); liaison, relation, connection; connection, the act of connecting
schenking	n	de · mv. schenkingen	donation; grant
oprijzen	v	rees op – opgerezen	to arise, to rise up
uitslijpen	v	sleep uit – uitgeslepen	to grind away
tandheelkunde	n	de	dentistry
oogheelkunde	n	de	ophthalmology
diergeneeskunde	n	de	veterinary medicine
hengsel	n	het · mv. hengsels	hinge; arching handle on certain containers (e.g. of a bucket, basket, tote bag)
achterom	d		around; behind, backwards (over the shoulder)
achteromkijken	v	keek achterom – achteromgekeken	to look back over the shoulder; to contemplate the past, especially in a nostalgic, guilty or worried way
moeiteloos	a		effortless
moeiteloos	d		effortlessly
auditeren	v	auditeerde – geauditeerd	to audition; to listen, to be an audience
duiker	n	de · mv. duikers	an underwater diver; a gymnastic diver; a fairly narrow water passage under roads and dikes
gietijzer	n	het	cast iron (alloy)
besparen	v	bespaarde – bespaard	to spare, save from; to save (money), economize
vrachtauto	n	de · mv. vrachtauto's	truck (US), lorry (UK) (a cargo truck, not a passenger truck (bus))
kanonsloop	n	de · mv. kanonslopen	cannon barrel
vollopen	v	liep vol – volgelopen	to fill up
experimenteren	v	experimenteerde – geëxperimenteerd	to experiment
patrouilleren	v	patrouilleerde – gepatrouilleerd	to patrol
frituren	v	frituurde – gefrituurd	to deep-fry
botanicus	n	de · mv. botanici	botanist
teelt	n	de · mv. teelten	cultivation, culture (plants); breeding, raising (animals)
veredeling	n	de · mv. veredelingen	ennoblement; culture
hervormer	n	de · mv. hervormers	reformer
kruidentuin	n	de · mv. kruidentuinen	herb garden
kruiden	n	het	the act of spicing up
kruiden	v	kruidde – gekruid	to season, to spice
geneeskrachtig	a		medicinal
aanleggen	v	legde aan – aangelegd	to set up, lay out; to construct, to build; to moor (a boat)
tulpenbol	n	de · mv. tulpenbollen	a tulip bulb
evenzo	d		likewise
overstijgen	v	oversteeg – overstegen	to exceed, surpass; to rise over
ommekeer	n	de · mv. ommekeren	turnaround, reversal
gelijkspel	n	het · mv. gelijkspelen	draw (a tie)
wreef	n	de · mv. wreven	instep
onervarenheid	n	de · mv. onervarenheden	inexperience
aanwrijven	v	wreef aan – aangewreven	to impute
weven	v	weefde – geweven	to weave
bezuinigen	v	bezuinigde – bezuinigd	to economize, to cut the budget
aansprakelijkheidsverzekering	n	de · mv. aansprakelijkheidsverzekeringen	liability insurance
inlichtingendienst	n	de · mv. inlichtingendiensten	intelligence agency
wensdenken	n	het	wishful thinking
paraat	a		ready
gedegen	a		thorough, in-depth
verspillen	v	verspilde – verspild	to waste
verspillend	a		wasteful
verkwisten	v	verkwistte – verkwist	to waste
verkwistend	a		wasteful
hameren	v	hamerde – gehamerd	to hammer
reddingsplan	n	het · mv. reddingsplannen	rescue plan
achteruit	d		backwards
eindvonnis	n	het · mv. eindvonnissen	final verdict
voornemen	n	het · mv. voornemens	intention, resolve, resolution
voornemen	v	nam voor – voorgenomen	to intend
slachterij	n	de · mv. slachterijen	slaughterhouse
werkwijze	n	de · mv. werkwijzen	working method, working procedure
cytologie	n	de	cytology (cell biology)
pneumothorax	n	de · mv. pneumothoraxen	pneumothorax
vlieger	n	de · mv. vliegers	kite; aviator
leukemie	n	de · mv. leukemieën	leukemia
kwelder	n	de · mv. kwelders	tidal salt marsh
ontginnen	v	ontgon – ontgonnen	to develop into agricultural land; to remove the topsoil from; to excavate, to extract from the earth
zalmmoot	n	de · mv. zalmmoten	a thick slice of salmon, a chunk of salmon
voordragen	v	droeg voor – voorgedragen	to propose; to present, to recite
hematologie	n	de	haematology
apostel	n	de · mv. apostelen	apostle (disciple of Christ; missionary or leader of a mission); knighthead (timber supporting the bowsprit)
reces	n	het · mv. recessen	a recess (pause)
langwerpig	a		elongated
afschaffen	v	schafte af – afgeschaft	to abolish, abrogate
neergang	n	de · mv. neergangen	downfall
floppen	v	flopte – geflopt	to flop, to fail
roemruchtig	a		glorious
vierhoekig	a		quadrangular
wolkenkrabber	n	de · mv. wolkenkrabbers	skyscraper
miljardair	n	de · mv. miljardairs	billionaire
ongedaan	a		undone
roekeloos	a		reckless
beroemdheid	n	de · mv. beroemdheden	fame; a famous individual
versiering	n	de · mv. versieringen	decoration
afgevaardigde	n	de · mv. afgevaardigden	representative, delegate
oenologie	n	de	oenology
wereldlijk	a		worldly, temporal
staafkerk	n	de · mv. staafkerken	stave church
tulpenmanie	n	de · mv. tulpenmanieën	tulip mania
striptekenaar	n	de · mv. striptekenaars	cartoonist, comic artist (drawer of comics or cartoons)
beschikken	v	beschikte – beschikt	to direct, have influence over, decide; to have at one's disposal
nosologie	n	de · mv. nosologieën	nosology
Vogels	m		a surname
ondergistend	a		underfermented
factuur	n	de · mv. facturen	invoice
Nedersaksen	m		Lower Saxony
accijns	n	de · mv. accijnzen	excise tax; a tax on certain goods including alcohol, tobacco, and flammable…
gerst	n	de	barley (Hordeum spp., particularly Hordeum vulgare); barley seed, used for brewing beer
bovengistend	a		overfermented
verordening	n	de · mv. verordeningen	regulation
stormloop	n	de · mv. stormlopen	stampede, rush
neerstorten	v	stortte neer – neergestort	to crash down
afstraffen	v	strafte af – afgestraft	to punish
olieverf	n	de · mv. olieverven	oil paint
zegekar	n	de · mv. zegekarren	triumphal car
gebukt	a		stooped
builenpest	n	de	bubonic plague
lichtzinnig	a		frivolous, unserious
daaruitvolgend	a		consequent
besteedbaar	a		disposable
wasdom	n	de	the act of growing; growth; the act of or maturing
overerfbaar	a		heritable
karrenvracht	n	de · mv. karrenvrachten	cartload
rogge	n	de	rye (Secale cereale)
kelk	n	de · mv. kelken	a chalice, a goblet; a calyx (outermost whorl of flower parts)
verhandelen	v	verhandelde – verhandeld	to trade, negotiate
naleving	n	de · mv. nalevingen	living up to, observance
indamming	n	de · mv. indammingen	curtailment; the act or process of damming
activa	n		assets
schoeien	v	schoeide – geschoeid	to shoe
afvallig	a		renegade, apostate, disloyal
getrouw	a		faithful, loyal, true
vervallen	v	verviel – vervallen	to decline, reject; to worsen; to decay, rot
vervallen	a		dilapidated, ruinous; having no legal force or cogency, invalid; expired
grootmacht	n	de · mv. grootmachten	a great power, a superpower
mislukken	v	mislukte – mislukt	to fail
gezichtsverlies	n	het	loss of face, humiliation
intrappen	v	trapte in – ingetrapt	to kick in; to put in; to fall for, to be fooled by (a joke, prank, scam etc.)
verslechteren	v	verslechterde – verslechterd	to worsen, to deteriorate
verdrievoudigen	v	verdrievoudigde – verdrievoudigd	to triple
drievoudig	a		triple, threefold
bergachtig	a		mountainous
homogeen	a		homogeneous
heropleving	n	de · mv. heroplevingen	revival, reinvigoration (of a phenomenon)
afraden	v	raadde af – afgeraden	to dissuade, to discourage
kustlijn	n	de · mv. kustlijnen	coastline
bezienswaardigheid	n	de · mv. bezienswaardigheden	tourist attraction, thing worth seeing
inrichting	n	de · mv. inrichtingen	arrangement, makeup; institution (e.g. psychiatric)
goedkeuring	n	de · mv. goedkeuringen	approval
bekrachtigen	v	bekrachtigde – bekrachtigd	to ratify, to bring into force
goedkeuren	v	keurde goed – goedgekeurd	to approve, to confirm, to endorse
overvloedig	a		abundant
scheldwoord	n	het · mv. scheldwoorden	insult, invective, pejorative
stevigheid	n	de · mv. stevigheden	firmness; virtue
houtachtig	a		woody, ligneous
wijwater	n	het · mv. wijwaters	holy water
twijg	n	de · mv. twijgen	twig
vlier	n	de · mv. vlieren	elder, elderberry
heester	n	de · mv. heesters	bush, shrub
klier	n	de · mv. klieren	gland; gland (secretory structure); an obnoxious person
kruidachtig	a		herbaceous
kieming	n	de · mv. kiemingen	germination
kiem	n	de · mv. kiemen	seed, sprout, germ; beginning, birth; germ (pathogen)
eenzaadlobbig	a		of or relating to a monocotyledon
tweezaadlobbig	a		of or relating to a dicotyledon, dicotyledonous
vlezig	a		fleshy
weefsel	n	het · mv. weefselen	tissue (e.g. living tissue); fabric (e.g. woven fabric)
pagara	n	de · mv. pagara's	firecracker string, firecracker roll
baak	n	de · mv. baken	synonym of baken (“beacon”); flitch of bacon
weerkunde	n	de	meteorology
oudheidkunde	n	de	archaeology
regisseur	n	de · mv. regisseurs	director (of film, TV, or theater)
bekronen	v	bekroonde – bekroond	to crown; to award
regisseren	v	regisseerde – geregisseerd	to direct (e.g. a film)
banneling	n	de · mv. bannelingen	exile: an exiled person
vergrijpen	v	vergreep – vergrepen	to assault (usually used with aan)
verfilmen	v	verfilmde – verfilmd	to make a film of, to turn into a movie; to store on microform
tegendraads	a		contrarian
opvoedkundig	a		educational, pedagogic
herleiden	v	herleidde – herleid	to reduce; to infer; deduce
besteding	n	de · mv. bestedingen	spending
lekkernij	n	de · mv. lekkernijen	delicacy, snack, treat (pleasing food)
wortelstok	n	de · mv. wortelstokken	rhizome
kweek	n	de	couch grass, quackgrass, quitch (Elymus repens syn. Elytrigia repens); cultivation of crops
brandnetel	n	de · mv. brandnetels	nettle, stinging nettle (herb of the genus Urtica)
porknokker	n	de · mv. porknokkers	a smallscale, one-man open pit gold mining operation
schijnstam	n	de · mv. schijnstammen	pseudostem
stapelen	v	stapelde – gestapeld	to pile, to stack; to complete multiple tracks/variants of education at the same educational…
schub	n	de · mv. schubben	scale (keratinous segment of certain animals' skin); pigmented, chitinous segment of butterfly wings; a similarly flaky part of the exterior of plants
bibi	r		yours truly (I, me or myself)
neven	p		beside, next to; in addition to
islamofobie	n	de	the aversion Islamophobia, directing against Muslims and their Islamic faith
dialyse	n	de · mv. dialyses	dialysis
telefonade	n	de · mv. telefonades	a long-winded telephone conversation; (rare) a long-winded series of…
concederen	v	concedeerde – geconcedeerd	to compromise, to accept a compromise; to allow, to concede, to permit
moveren	v	moveerde – gemoveerd	to move
moven	v	movede – gemoved	to move, get out of the way
zwangerschap	n	de · mv. zwangerschappen	pregnancy
pretenderen	v	pretendeerde – gepretendeerd	to pretend
Neerlands	a		Dutch
serviet	n	het · mv. servietten	napkin
therian	n	de · mv. therians	therianthrope (someone who identifies as a nonhuman animal)
jaargetijde	n	het · mv. jaargetijden	season
bakboord	n	het · mv. bakboorden	port (left-hand side of a vessel)
Salomonseilanden	m		Solomon Islands (a country consisting of the majority of the Solomon Islands…; Solomon Islands (an archipelago in Melanesia, split between the countries of…
Aziatisch	a		Asian (of, relating to or from Asia); Asian, East Asian or Southeast Asian, Asiatic, relating to people(s) of East…
Socotra	m		Socotra (an island of Yemen, between the Guardafui Channel to the west, Gulf…; The eponymous archipelago
nauwkeurigheid	n	de · mv. nauwkeurigheden	accuracy, precision
vergiftigen	v	vergiftigde – vergiftigd	to poison (to use poison to kill or paralyse)
mentaal	a		mental (relating to the mind)
aquaduct	n	het · mv. aquaducten	aqueduct
geleed	a		articulated
kinderwagen	n	de · mv. kinderwagens	baby carriage (US), pram (UK)
streekvervoer	n	het	suburban transport
proef	n	de · mv. proeven	test, exam; trial, experiment
deelnemer	n	de · mv. deelnemers	participant
evalueren	v	evalueerde – geëvalueerd	to assess, to evaluate
uitbaten	v	baatte uit – uitgebaat	to exploit, to extract or derive value from, to use for one's benefit
bijkomend	a		additional
pijpleiding	n	de · mv. pijpleidingen	pipeline
pijp	n	de · mv. pijpen	pipe; tube
vasthouden	v	hield vast – vastgehouden	to hold (onto), to retain
boorschip	n	het · mv. boorschepen	drillship
hefeiland	n	het · mv. hefeilanden	jackup rig
stuurbaar	a		steerable
karwei	n	het · mv. karweien	job, task; work
stroomrekening	n	de · mv. stroomrekeningen	power bill (bill paid for consumption of power e.g. in a household)
hiero	d		here, over here
ruinen	v	ruinde – geruind	to whisper; to mumble, to murmur
antwoordapparaat	n	het · mv. antwoordapparaten	answering machine
kleintje	n	het · mv. kleintjes	little one; child
zorgvuldig	a		careful, meticulous
symptoom	n	het · mv. symptomen	a medical symptom, manifestation of a syndrome; an indicator, characteristic of the presence of something else
geldstuk	n	het · mv. geldstukken	coin (a piece of currency)
edelhert	n	het · mv. edelherten	red deer (Cervus elaphus)
spinnenweb	n	het · mv. spinnenwebben	a spiderweb
kleindochter	n	de · mv. kleindochters	granddaughter (daughter of someone’s child)
schoonmoeder	n	de · mv. schoonmoeders	mother-in-law (spouse’s mother); mother of one's boyfriend or girlfriend
zelatrice	n	de · mv. zelatrices	a female member of a Roman Catholic fraternity or lay organisation
puist	n	de · mv. puisten	pimple, boil, pustule
ijsberg	n	de · mv. ijsbergen	iceberg (mountain-size mass of floating ice)
voltooien	v	voltooide – voltooid	to complete (to finish)
chocolaatje	n	het · mv. chocolaatjes	a piece of chocolate (small piece of confectionery made from chocolate)
bijwerken	v	werkte bij – bijgewerkt	to update (make something up to date)
ivoor	n	het · mv. ivoren	ivory, a hard natural material from elephant tusks and some other mammals' teeth; an ivory artifact; the color of ivory
ivoorkleurig	a		ivory (having colour of ivory)
zeemacht	n	de · mv. zeemachten	a navy (sea force); a naval power, a country or organisation with considerable military power at sea
marineblauw	a		navy (in a blue colour)
marineblauw	n	het	navy (a blue colour)
waterijs	n	het	sorbet (frozen fruit juice)
limoen	n	de · mv. limoenen	lime (a green citrus fruit); lime (green color)
olijf	n	de · mv. olijven	olive (oily fruit); olive tree (Olea europaea)
olijfgroen	a		olive (a brownish green colour)
olijfgroen	n	het	olive (colour)
sering	n	de · mv. seringen	lilac, woody plant of the genus Syringa
taling	n	de · mv. talingen	teal, one of certain small ducks of the genera Anas and Spatula
priester	n	de · mv. priesters	male priest, clergyman, religious officiant
platvis	n	de · mv. platvissen	flatfish (fish)
elleboog	n	de · mv. ellebogen	elbow (joint between upper arm and forearm)
dimensie	n	de · mv. dimensies	dimension (measure of spatial or analogous extent); dimension (number of elements of any basis of a vector space); dimension (set of fundamental measures of a physical quantity)
aandelenbeurs	n	de · mv. aandelenbeurzen	stock exchange
obligatie	n	de · mv. obligaties	bond
schuldbewijs	n	het · mv. schuldbewijzen	debt note
visserij	n	de · mv. visserijen	fishing; fishery
toerisme	n	het	tourism
praal	n	de	pomp; beautiful object
praalwagen	n	de · mv. praalwagens	parade car, float
bloemencorso	n	de/het · mv. bloemencorso's	flower parade, flower pageant
herhaaldelijk	d		repeatedly
stadsrecht	n	het · mv. stadsrechten	town privileges, city rights
bloeitijd	n	de · mv. bloeitijden	blossoming time, budding time; florescence (of flowers and other plants); heyday, prime (someone's youth or most productive years of life)
bloei	n	de	blossom, blossoming
Hanze	m		Hanseatic League (trading network and interest group of the northern Holy…
verdediging	n	de · mv. verdedigingen	defense, defence
losgeld	n	het · mv. losgelden	ransom, ransom money
opbloeien	v	bloeide op – opgebloeid	to flourish
drost	n	de · mv. drosten	reeve, steward
kwijnen	v	kwijnde – gekwijnd	to wither
slotgracht	n	de · mv. slotgrachten	moat
inpoldering	n	de · mv. inpolderingen	turning wetland into a polder by building dikes around it
stroper	n	de · mv. stropers	poacher, marauder
veldwachter	n	de · mv. veldwachters	rural patrolman
verhoren	v	verhoorde – verhoord	to interrogate
hechtenis	n	de · mv. hechtenissen	custody, detention
afhaken	v	haakte af – afgehaakt	to unhook; to give up, to pull out (of an arrangement)
stofferen	v	stoffeerde – gestoffeerd	to upholster
stoffeerder	n	de · mv. stoffeerders	upholsterer
hormoon	n	het · mv. hormonen	hormone (substance produced by the body that physiologically affects bodily…
koppig	a		stubborn, obstinate
flamand	n	de · mv. flamands	a Flemish person, doing characteristically Flemish things
biljartspel	n	het · mv. biljartspelen	cue sport, billiards
kaatsen	v	kaatste – gekaatst	to hit or bounce; to play Frisian handball
kaatsen	n	het	fives; Frisian handball
thuisland	n	het · mv. thuislanden	homeland; South-African township
scheidsrechter	n	de · mv. scheidsrechters	referee, arbiter, umpire, judge
scorebord	n	het · mv. scoreborden	scoreboard
achtereenvolgens	d		successively
toewijst	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toewijzen
vooraf	d		beforehand
strafpunt	n	het · mv. strafpunten	penalty point
bestraffen	v	bestrafte – bestraft	to punish
oplevert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opleveren
verlenging	n	de · mv. verlengingen	extension (act or process of making/becoming longer); extra time
gevorderd	a		advanced
bevorderlijk	a		advantageous; favorable (US), favourable (Commonwealth)
aanprijzen	v	prees aan – aangeprezen	to recommend
mijmeren	v	mijmerde – gemijmerd	to think to oneself, ponder, muse
naarmate	c		as, to the extent that
keurig	a		proper, decorous
strikdas	n	de · mv. strikdassen	cravat
samenvatten	v	vatte samen – samengevat	to summarize (US); summarise (UK)
mascaron	n	de · mv. mascarons	mascaron
helaba	i		hey, you! used to point out somebody has to watch out (watch it!), or to…; hello!, hi there! (greeting)
zegevieren	v	zegevierde – gezegevierd	to triumph
verzoeking	n	de · mv. verzoekingen	temptation
volksmenner	n	de · mv. volksmenners	demagogue
mennen	v	mende – gemend	(transitive) to lead (a) draught animal(s); to drive a drawn vehicle (especially chariot) or plow; to deliver the load of such transport
munten	v	muntte – gemunt	to mint, to coin; to aim at, target
primaat	n	de · mv. primaten	primate, high-ranking clergyman; primate, any member of the order Primates; primacy, being first
kruisbeeld	n	het · mv. kruisbeelden	crucifix
zaailing	n	de · mv. zaailingen	older seedling
onrustig	a		restless, agitated, unsettled; unruly, rebellious
kopstuk	n	het · mv. kopstukken	chief, leader; protagonist
oorlogsmisdadiger	n	de · mv. oorlogsmisdadigers	war criminal
onvoorwaardelijk	a		unconditional
ongeldig	a		invalid, void
beginpunt	n	het · mv. beginpunten	starting point
maarschalk	n	de · mv. maarschalken	marshal, field marshal
veldmaarschalk	n	de · mv. veldmaarschalken	field marshal
opperbevelhebber	n	de · mv. opperbevelhebbers	commander-in-chief, supreme commander
aanklager	n	de · mv. aanklagers	accuser; prosecutor
oorlogsmisdrijf	n	het · mv. oorlogsmisdrijven	war crime
verweer	n	het · mv. verweren	defense (US); defence (Commonwealth): e.g. something that a defendant says…
verstikking	n	de · mv. verstikkingen	asphyxiation, suffocation
opzet	n	de · mv. opzetten	design, plan (concept); intention, intent
opzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
vergankelijkheid	n	de · mv. vergankelijkheden	perishableness, transience
vergankelijk	a		perishable, transient
inwijden	v	wijdde in – ingewijd	to inaugurate; to consecrate
beeldhouwer	n	de · mv. beeldhouwers	sculptor
kunstzinnig	a		artistic
volksbuurt	n	de · mv. volksbuurten	working-class neighborhood
bekwamen	v	bekwaamde – bekwaamd	to train; to study
verwijten	v	verweet – verweten	to blame for
vermageren	v	vermagerde – vermagerd	to lose weight; to emaciate
indringend	a		penetrating
verzamelaar	n	de · mv. verzamelaars	collector (e.g. of art)
palmares	n	de/het · mv. palmaressen	record of sports achievements
kontlikker	n	de · mv. kontlikkers	sycophant, arse-kisser, shameless or even slavish flatterer
Assisi	m		Assisi (a city in Umbria, Italy)
ezelachtig	a		like a donkey; asinine, stupid
kraak	n	de · mv. kraken	an instance or action of cracking, breaking; in particular the activity of…; a robbery by breaking and entering
kruisvaart	n	de · mv. kruisvaarten	a crusade, a Christian holy war; a quest, a 'sacred' cause
meug	n	de	taste; one's liking or preference
waus	a		crazy
bezemsteel	n	de · mv. bezemstelen	broomstick
zolderkamer	n	de · mv. zolderkamers	attic room
stofzuigerslang	n	de · mv. stofzuigerslangen	vacuum cleaner hose
tuinslang	n	de · mv. tuinslangen	garden hose
bundel	n	de · mv. bundels	bundle; edition of collected literary works; any collection of products or services offered together
zeepbel	n	de · mv. zeepbellen	soap bubble
bakpoeder	n	het · mv. bakpoeders	baking powder
tuinsproeier	n	de · mv. tuinsproeiers	garden sprinkler
sproeier	n	de · mv. sproeiers	sprinkler; nozzle; main jet or pilot jet of the carburetor
ontlokken	v	ontlokte – ontlokt	to elicit
vrijbuiter	n	de · mv. vrijbuiters	a freebooter, particularly a pirate
vechtersbaas	n	de · mv. vechtersbazen	hooligan
achterliggend	a		underlying
onderliggend	a		underlying
uitdragen	v	droeg uit – uitgedragen	to disseminate
aanslaan	v	sloeg aan – aangeslagen	to strike physically so as to activate or produce an effect; to tax (a taxable person) with a tax assessment; to start, to kick in, to switch on
intussen	d		meanwhile, in the meantime
plaveien	v	plaveide – geplaveid	to pave
burgerlijk	a		civil, civic; bourgeois; untitled (not of noble descent)
welwillend	a		benevolent, kind
welwillend	d		benevolent, kindly
hypotenusa	n	de · mv. hypotenusa's	hypotenuse (side of a right triangle opposite the right angle)
gemoedelijk	a		jovial
gescheld	n	het	name-calling, verbal abuse, swearing
verjagen	v	verjoeg – verjaagd	to drive off
barbaars	a		barbaric
stijlvol	a		stylish
voorinschrijving	n	de · mv. voorinschrijvingen	pre-registration
aanmoediging	n	de · mv. aanmoedigingen	encouragement (act of encouraging); encouragement (something that encourages)
ogenschijnlijk	a		apparent (clear); apparent (seeming)
ogenschijnlijk	d		apparently (seemingly)
bezetene	n	de · mv. bezetenen	someone who is magically possessed, or acts as though they were; a demoniac; someone who is acting obsessively, prone to excesses
Willemijn	m		a female given name
overgave	n	de · mv. overgaven	surrender; abandon, enthusiasm; passion, devotion
overgave	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overgeven
oerkreet	n	de · mv. oerkreten	primal scream
oerbron	n	de · mv. oerbronnen	original source
Australiër	n	de · mv. Australiërs	Australian (person from Australia or of Australian descent)
Australisch	a		Australian (of, from, or pertaining to Australia, the Australian people or…
schroef	n	de · mv. schroeven	screw (fastener); a ship's propeller; an Archimedes screw
kachel	n	de · mv. kachels	stove (closed heating device)
kachel	a		drunk
lijster	n	de · mv. lijsters	a thrush, one of several species of songbirds of the family Turdidae
puzzel	n	de · mv. puzzels	puzzle (game in which things must be put together); riddle, intellectual challenge
pandoer	n	de/het · mv. pandoeren	a member of an 18th-century Habsburg imperial Croatian regiment to fight the…; a ruffian, abusive person; The name of a card game where a player can call pandoer!
pandoeren	v		to play the card game pandoer
pandoering	n	de · mv. pandoeringen	a harsh/abusive beating, thrashing, roughing-up
kiezer	n	de · mv. kiezers	voter
ouderwets	a		old-fashioned
oplettendheid	n	de	attentiveness
onoplettendheid	n	de	inattentiveness
haalbaarheid	n	de	feasibility
onhaalbaarheid	n	de	unfeasibility
voogd	n	de · mv. voogden	guardian (law: person legally responsible for a minor in loco parentis)
listig	a		cunning, shrewd
ceremonie	n	de · mv. ceremoniën	ceremony, a formal ritual
koopje	n	het · mv. koopjes	bargain, deal
gvd'en	v	gvd'de – ge-gvd'd	to curse
vloeken	v	vloekte – gevloekt	to curse, to damn, invoke a negative spell; to blaspheme, curse, swear; to clash, go very badly with
boezem	n	de · mv. boezems	human chest (regardless of gender); female breasts; as the seat of emotion
snijbiet	n	de · mv. snijbieten	chard (Beta vulgaris var. cicla)
cyste	n	de · mv. cysten	cyst (sac which develops in the natural cavities of an organ)
galblaas	n	de · mv. galblazen	gall bladder (an internal organ)
scheenbeen	n	het · mv. scheenbenen	a tibia (bone of the leg); a shin, the front of a vertebrate leg beneath the knee
evacuatie	n	de · mv. evacuaties	evacuation (the act of emptying)
krankzinnigheid	n	de · mv. krankzinnigheden	insanity, madness, serious psychiatric condition; grave foolishness, idiocy, a mad stunt
reuzel	n	de	lard (fat from the abdomen of a pig)
stofwisseling	n	de · mv. stofwisselingen	metabolism (complete set of chemical reactions that occur in living cells)
hysterie	n	de	hysteria
parel	n	de · mv. parels	a pearl, a precious, round shelly concretion from oysters or other molluscs; its imitation; mother of pearl, the natural material pearls are made from
scheermes	n	het · mv. scheermessen	a razor, a fine knife or blade for shaving; something razor sharp, poignant etc
excentriekeling	n	de · mv. excentriekelingen	an eccentric character
filmregisseur	n	de · mv. filmregisseurs	film director
filmproducent	n	de · mv. filmproducenten	film producer
luchtvaartgek	n	de · mv. luchtvaartgekken	aviation aficionado
maf	a		mad, silly, odd/eccentric
boorkop	n	de · mv. boorkoppen	drill bit
zetmeel	n	het · mv. zetmelen	starch, amylum (carbohydrate)
stijfsel	n	het · mv. stijfsels	the laundry stiffener starch; any stiffening additive, especially for putting up wallpaper
pneumonie	n	de · mv. pneumonieën	pneumonia
trol	n	de · mv. trollen	troll (mythological creature); troll (person who provokes others)
marktwaarde	n	de · mv. marktwaarden	market value
cobralelie	n	de · mv. cobralelies	cobra lily (Darlingtonia californica); Arisaema nepenthoides, a Himalayan tuberous plant also often called cobra lily
wiet	n	de	weed, marijuana
hautain	a		haughty, supercilious
internationaal	a		international, between, concerning, or transcending multiple nations
internationaal	n	de · mv. internationalen	an international actor, e.g. player in a national sports team; a stock that is traded on exchanges in different countries
wetenschappelijk	a		scientific (of or having to do with science)
lelie	n	de · mv. lelies	a lily; a fleur-de-lis, although botanically an iris
kuiken	n	het · mv. kuikens	chick, the hatched young of a bird, especially fowl
uilskuiken	n	het · mv. uilskuikens	owlet, owl chick; nincompoop, birdbrain
zwepen	v	zweepte – gezweept	to whip, flog, lash; to drive forcefully
piemel	n	de · mv. piemels	pecker, cock, dick, euphemism for penis; urine
piemelnaakt	a		stark naked
jodium	n	het	iodine
potloodventer	n	de · mv. potloodventers	a male flasher, an exhibitionist who suddenly exposes his phallus
lullen	v	lulde – geluld	to blather, twaddle, talk nonsense
inhalen	v	haalde in – ingehaald	to fetch, bring in(side); harvest; to catch up (with)
afzonderlijk	a		separate
verzekeraar	n	de · mv. verzekeraars	insurer
gloeidraad	n	de · mv. gloeidraden	electric filament
wolfraam	n	het	tungsten
uitstralen	v	straalde uit – uitgestraald	to radiate
demonstreren	v	demonstreerde – gedemonstreerd	to demonstrate, to show; to demonstrate, to protest in a group
gezet	a		fixed, set, determined (said of mortgage terms, timeframe of a plan, etc); stout, stocky; (euphemistic or ironic) obese, overweight
Laotiaan	n	de · mv. Laotianen	Laotian, inhabitant of Laos and/or person of Laotian descent
dwaling	n	de · mv. dwalingen	mistake, error; unorthodox opinion, heterodoxy
bloederig	a		bloody (physical sense only), sanguinary (frequently connoting gore and…
bekakt	a		posh, haughty, snooty
kakken	v	kakte – gekakt	to defecate; to (secrete) shit (notably solids); to trot slowly, lustlessly
harde	n	de · mv. harden	a hard one, e.g. a hard hit, a tough guy; a stiffy, hard-on, erected phallus
schijtluis	n	de · mv. schijtluizen	term of abuse for a coward
volop	d		abundant, plentiful, in abundance; thoroughly, strongly, very much
geelachtig	a		yellowish
infrarood	a		infrared
weergave	n	de · mv. weergaven	reproduction, rendering, portrayal
weergave	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of weergeven
nabootsen	v	bootste na – nagebootst	to imitate, to mimic; to copy, to replicate
meenam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of meenemen
betwisten	v	betwistte – betwist	to challenge, to dispute
kunstvezel	n	de · mv. kunstvezels	synthetic fiber (US); synthetic fibre (UK)
elektronenbuis	n	de · mv. elektronenbuizen	vacuum tube
fabriceren	v	fabriceerde – gefabriceerd	to manufacture
compromis	n	het · mv. compromis	compromise
spaarlamp	n	de · mv. spaarlampen	compact fluorescent lamp
tl-buis	n	de · mv. tl-buizen	tubular fluorescent lamp
verbruik	n	het	consumption
maatregel	n	de · mv. maatregelen	measure (tactic, strategy, or piece of legislation)
aangaan	v	ging aan – aangegaan	to be a concern to, to concern; to enter (into something), to begin (something); to start, to turn on (of a machine or device, or lights)
c.q.	d		also used, technically incorrectly, to mean 'or', 'or else', 'in particular'
aanschaf	n	de · mv. aanschaffen	purchase
aanschaf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanschaffen
nietsnut	n	de · mv. nietsnutten	good-for-nothing
kafferlelie	n	de · mv. kafferlelies	river lily (Hesperantha coccinea syn. Schizostylis coccinea)
bilspleet	n	de · mv. bilspleten	buttcrack
Amsterdams	a		from Amsterdam, relating to that Dutch city
verbod	n	het · mv. verboden	prohibition; ban
spul	n	het · mv. spullen	stuff; junk
schoensmeer	n	de/het · mv. schoensmeren	shoe polish
smeer	n	de/het · mv. smeren	smear, a fat substance; blow, whack
smeren	v	smeerde – gesmeerd	to smear, to rub a substance; to make, to butter; to grease, to oil, etc. (to make run more smoothly)
vormeloos	a		amorphous, shapeless
hielenlikker	n	de · mv. hielenlikkers	bootlicker, flunky, arse-licker, sycophant
likker	n	de · mv. likkers	licker, one who licks
Rothschild	m		a surname from German
tuchtschool	n	de · mv. tuchtscholen	reformatory school
tucht	n	de	discipline, a regime entailing strict supervision and/or punishment; punishment, discipline; the institutionalised enforcement of rules and norms within a professional group
kosmologie	n	de	cosmology
eschatologie	n	de · mv. eschatologieën	eschatology (system of doctrines concerning final matters, such as death and…
kosmogonie	n	de · mv. kosmogonieën	cosmogony
bleekgezicht	n	het · mv. bleekgezichten	paleface, an ethnic European as opposed to a native redskin (typically used…
bioscoopje	n	het · mv. bioscoopjes	a visit to the movies
pieren	v	pierde – gepierd	to trick, outsmart
benauwen	v	benauwde – benauwd	to oppress; to distress
geheimzinnig	a		secretive, mysterious
drukkend	a		oppressive
expressionistisch	a		expressionist, expressionistic
kubistisch	a		Cubist
constructivistisch	a		constructivist
Gustaaf	m		a male given name, akin to Gustav
figuratief	a		figurative
verloochenen	v	verloochende – verloochend	to abnegate, disavow; to deny, to block out (e.g. the possibility of something occurring)
vereeuwigen	v	vereeuwigde – vereeuwigd	to perpetuate, immortalize (US); immortalise (UK)
hogeschool	n	de · mv. hogescholen	hogeschool; polytechnic, college
meubelstoffeerderij	n	de · mv. meubelstoffeerderijen	upholstery shop
omlaag	d		downwards
neerwaarts	a		downward
neerwaarts	d		downwards
strafstudie	n	de · mv. strafstudies	detention
trekzak	n	de · mv. trekzakken	bisonoric squeezebox, button accordion
welvaartsspieren	n		fat
loodsen	v	loodste – geloodst	to pilot (a vessel); to lead, guide
compromitteren	v	compromitteerde – gecompromitteerd	to compromise
pensioenfonds	n	het · mv. pensioenfondsen	pension fund
ontwijken	v	ontweek – ontweken	dodge, avoid
schuren	v	schuurde – geschuurd	to grate, rub, scour, chafe; to sand; to grind (to frottage or dance pressed against another in a sexually…
schuur	n	de · mv. schuren	barn; shed
gestrengheid	n	de · mv. gestrengheden	severity, strictness
rijzig	a		tall, risen high; mainly used in positive descriptions of living beings and…
huisarrest	n	het · mv. huisarresten	house arrest; grounding as a domestic punishment
kamerarrest	n	het · mv. kamerarresten	a confinement to quarters, imposed as a punishment and/or preventive measure; grounding (punishment)
medeplichtige	n	de · mv. medeplichtigen	accomplice; accessory (assisting a crime)
datief	n	de · mv. datieven	dative case
ablatief	n	de · mv. ablatieven	ablative case
vocatief	n	de · mv. vocatieven	vocative case
mitaine	n	de · mv. mitaines	fingerless glove
dankbaar	a		thankful, grateful; gratifying, rewarding
tussenletter	n	de · mv. tussenletters	intermediary letter, notably a genitive suffix forming the joint in a…
beginletter	n	de · mv. beginletters	initial, first letter
letteren	n		literary studies; humanities
voorletter	n	de · mv. voorletters	first initial; middle initial
gelaat	n	het · mv. gelaten	(Human) face
glaciologie	n	de	glaciology
tweeluik	n	het · mv. tweeluiken	diptych; something in two (complementary) parts
traditioneel	a		traditional
traditioneel	d		traditionally
gevorderdheid	n	de	advancement
biljart	n	de/het · mv. biljarten	billiards; billiard table
opsomming	n	de · mv. opsommingen	enumeration; list; sum Note: opsomming will typically translate to the verb sum, not the noun,…
heup	n	de · mv. heupen	hip
benedenwaarts	d		downwards
benedenwaarts	a		downward
nadrukkelijk	a		emphatic
nadrukkelijk	d		emphatically
wederzijds	a		mutual, reciprocal
samenwerkend	a		cooperative
voorbehouden	v	behield voor – voorbehouden	to reserve
letsel	n	het · mv. letsels	lesion, injury
verwurging	n	de · mv. verwurgingen	stranglehold
verwezenlijken	v	verwezenlijkte – verwezenlijkt	to realize (US); realise (UK), accomplish
degene	r		the one (who)
zijkant	n	de · mv. zijkanten	side; a side (e.g.) face that is not front, back, top or bottom
ongeacht	p		regardless of
ongeacht	a		unconsidered
overeenkomstig	a		corresponding
overeenkomstig	p		in agreement with
onwaarschijnlijk	a		improbable, unlikely, implausible
nakend	a		naked
pionier	n	de · mv. pioniers	pioneer
politicoloog	n	de · mv. politicologen	political scientist
weldoener	n	de · mv. weldoeners	benefactor
weldoenster	n	de · mv. weldoensters	benefactor ("benefactress", as it were)
inhuldigen	v	huldigde in – ingehuldigd	to inaugurate
transitief	a		transitive
paaldanser	n	de · mv. paaldansers	pole dancer, esp. a stripper
lekkers	n	het	sweets, treats
parelhoen	n	het · mv. parelhoenders	a guinea fowl, any fowl of the family Numididae
ontbloten	v	ontblootte – ontbloot	to bare, render naked; to strip bare an object; (in ontbloten van) To rid of, deprive of
pladijs	n	de · mv. pladijzen	synonym of schol (“European plaice (Pleuronectes platessa)”)
aartspriester	n	de · mv. aartspriesters	archpriest
doerak	n	de · mv. doerakken	rascal
koets	n	de · mv. koetsen	coach (four-wheeled carriage)
geblindeerd	a		shielded, armoured (Commonwealth); armored (US)
geloofsbelijdenis	n	de · mv. geloofsbelijdenissen	creed
onomstotelijk	a		undisputable, indisputable
onomstotelijk	d		indisputably, undisputably, unquestionably, undeniably
rampzalig	a		disastrous
verduren	v	verduurde – verduurd	to endure
rookmelder	n	de · mv. rookmelders	smoke detector
dwarsliggend	a		obstructive
trawant	n	de · mv. trawanten	satellite; henchman
verwijdering	n	de · mv. verwijderingen	removal
ambteloos	a		out of office
landhuis	n	het · mv. landhuizen	country house (UK), villa (large, luxury residence in a campestral or…; plantation house (the main house on a plantation)
voorbereiden	v	bereidde voor – voorbereid	to prepare
kaak	n	de · mv. kaken	jaw; cheek, cone; gill
afpakken	v	pakte af – afgepakt	to snatch, grab, take away
ombrengen	v	bracht om – omgebracht	to kill
overweldigen	v	overweldigde – overweldigd	to overwhelm, overpower
dronkenschap	n	de	drunkenness
freule	n	de · mv. freules	an unmarried noblewoman
toenadering	n	de · mv. toenaderingen	approach; the process of coming closer; rapprochement
deugdzaam	a		decent, virtuous
traagheid	n	de · mv. traagheden	slowness, sluggishness; inertia
slapheid	n	de · mv. slapheden	indolence
geducht	a		fearsome
benauwd	a		stuffy, poorly ventilated; having difficulties with breathing; cramped, too confined
schromen	v	schroomde – geschroomd	to fear; to be bashful
pleidooi	n	het · mv. pleidooien	plea
verwerpelijk	a		reprehensible
uittreksel	n	het · mv. uittreksels	abstract, extract: abridgment of text
romanschrijver	n	de · mv. romanschrijvers	novelist
typerend	a		typical, characteristic
aartsengel	n	de · mv. aartsengelen	archangel, member of a high one of the nine choirs (orders) of angels
kruisen	v	kruiste – gekruist	to cross, intersect; to breed (to arrange the mating of specific animals or plants)
beamen	v	beaamde – beaamd	to say, reply 'amen' after an uttering, notably in prayer or liturgy…; to assent to a statement; to (transport by) beam
rauwkost	n	de	raw food, such as salads
heem	n	het · mv. hemen	house, home; yard
ongewoon	a		unusual
opvliegend	a		cranky, irascible
bevoorrechten	v	bevoorrechtte – bevoorrecht	to favor/favour, to privilege
landgoed	n	het · mv. landgoederen	estate, manor; property
schuldgevoel	n	het · mv. schuldgevoelens	feeling of guilt
nors	a		surly, sulky
achterdochtig	a		suspicious
heetgebakerd	a		hot-tempered, hotheaded
oogsten	v	oogstte – geoogst	to harvest (produce); to acquire, to obtain, to reap
dubbelganger	n	de · mv. dubbelgangers	doppelganger
afschaffing	n	de · mv. afschaffingen	abolition, abolishment
arresteren	v	arresteerde – gearresteerd	to arrest
veroordeeld	a		condemned
dwangarbeid	n	de	forced labor (US), forced labour (UK)
stellingname	n	de · mv. stellingnames	occupying a military position; taking a stance
verzoenen	v	verzoende – verzoend	to reconcile
redacteur	n	de · mv. redacteurs	editor
afschuw	n	de	revulsion, abhorrence, repugnance, horror, abomination (strong aversion)
aantrof	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aantreffen
verraad	n	het	betrayal, treason
aangeboren	a		native, innate; congenital
hooghartig	a		haughty, supercilious
alleraardigst	a		most charming
ongelukkig	a		unfortunate; unhappy
tevergeefs	d		in vain
tevergeefs	a		in vain, pointless, futile
speculant	n	de · mv. speculanten	speculator
krachtdaad	n	de · mv. krachtdaden	tour de force
zielenrust	n	de	peace of mind
veeleisend	a		exacting
jeugdig	a		young, youthful
voorspoed	n	de · mv. voorspoeden	prosperity
zachtmoedig	a		mild, gentle, meek
onenigheid	n	de · mv. onenigheden	disagreement, quarrel, friction
ongeluksbrenger	n	de · mv. ongeluksbrengers	jinx, Jonas, bringer of bad luck
brenger	n	de · mv. brengers	bringer, carrier, deliverer
Daniël	m		Daniel (biblical prophet); the book Daniel, named after the prophet; a male given name
kruidig	a		spicy, with pronounced vegetal aroma
geurig	a		fragrant, aromatic (not necessarily pleasant)
slagtand	n	de · mv. slagtanden	tusk, a large tooth extending outside the mouth, as on an elephant, fit as a…; a boar's razor
stront	n	de · mv. stronten	a huge shit, dung
bekogelen	v	bekogelde – bekogeld	to pelt, to bombard, to launch (e.g. shoot or throw) a hail of projectiles…; to besiege, to systematically attack or taunt by any (e.g. verbal) means; to delude, play tricks on someone
kanonskogel	n	de · mv. kanonskogels	cannon ball, heavy spheric projectile to be launched by artillery
ischias	n	de	sciatica
gierigaard	n	de · mv. gierigaards	cheapskate, miser
halfgod	n	de · mv. halfgoden	demigod, half-god; hero of semi-divine extraction
doelman	n	de · mv. doelmannen	male goalie, male goal keeper
wachter	n	de · mv. wachters	a guard, a sentinel; one who waits
doelwachter	n	de · mv. doelwachters	goalie, goal keeper
monsterfles	n	de · mv. monsterflessen	sample bottle, as used for promotion or demonstration
verschieten	v	verschoot – verschoten	to use (up) projectiles etc. for shooting; to shift rapidly, 'shoot' away; to move, to shift
coltan	n	de	coltan
achterbaks	a		sneaky, underhand, deceitful, two-faced
achterlijk	a		backwards, idiotic, stupid, moronic
achterlijk	n	het · mv. achterlijken	back leech of a sail
bedeesd	a		shy, timid
bodemprijs	n	de · mv. bodemprijzen	price floor; a very low price
voorbijgekabbeld	a		to have passed without trouble
charmeur	n	de · mv. charmeurs	a male charmer, a charming man
duelleren	v	duelleerde – geduelleerd	to fight an armed duel; to be engaged in an unarmed (usually verbal, e.g. business - or legal)…
renner	n	de · mv. renners	runner, one who runs; racer; especially short for a competitive wielrenner 'cyclist'
manschap	n	de/het · mv. manschappen	homage, a feudal pledge of loyalty; men, soldiers (as an indicator of military or equivalent power)
eclectisch	a		eclectic
paraconsistent	a		paraconsistent
benig	a		bony, osseous; skinny, bony
spaarvarken	n	het · mv. spaarvarkens	piggy bank, pig-shaped container to save change in
doffer	n	de · mv. doffers	male dove, a cock pigeon
bergketen	n	de · mv. bergketens	mountain chain; mountain range
gebergte	n	het · mv. gebergten	mountain range
langgerekt	a		elongated
rekken	v	rekte – gerekt	to stretch; to prolong (in duration)
portier	n	de · mv. portiers	doorman, gatekeeper, porter, doorkeeper; a door of a vehicle, especially of a car or a coach
dwergstaat	n	de · mv. dwergstaten	microstate
euforie	n	de	euphoria
genese	n	de · mv. geneses	genesis
begeleiding	n	de · mv. begeleidingen	accompaniment, guidance
orogenese	n	de	orogenesis, orogeny
noordoosten	n	het	northeast (compass point)
noordwesten	n	het	northwest (compass point)
zuidwesten	n	het	southwest (compass point)
zuidoosten	n	het	southeast (compass point)
territorium	n	het · mv. territoria	territory
ruigpootuil	n	de · mv. ruigpootuilen	boreal owl (US, Canada), Tengmalm's owl (Aegolius funereus)
ezelsveulen	n	het · mv. ezelsveulens	the foal (equine young) of a donkey; ass, utter idiot, hopeless fool
veulen	n	het · mv. veulens	a foal, the young of any equine and some other quadrupeds, either colt…; a young person, especially behaving naively; fool
hengstveulen	n	het · mv. hengstveulens	colt, a male foal (equine young)
zomen	v	zoomde – gezoomd	to hem
haaksnavel	n	de · mv. haaksnavels	hawk-like beak
bevederd	a		feathered
klauwen	v	klauwde – geklauwd	to claw
gevederte	n	het · mv. gevederten	plumage
onmiskenbaar	a		unmistakable
opeenvolgend	a		successive, consecutive
bosuil	n	de · mv. bosuilen	tawny owl (Strix aluco)
variëren	v	varieerde – gevarieerd	to vary
holte	n	de · mv. holten	cavity, hole, hollow
broedseizoen	n	het · mv. broedseizoenen	breeding season (of egg-laying animals)
broeden	v	broedde – gebroed	to breed (especially by birds or oviparous animals); to brood (keep an egg warm)
dopheide	n	de	heath, any plant of the genus Erica; cross-leaved heath (Erica tetralix)
aanplanting	n	de · mv. aanplantingen	the act or process of planting; a plantation with young trees, a tree nursery
plantsoen	n	het · mv. plantsoenen	park, public garden
trekvogel	n	de · mv. trekvogels	migratory bird
dieet	n	het · mv. diëten	diet
gewerveld	a		vertebrate
ongewerveld	a		invertebrate
geruis	n	het	rustling, rushing, noise; murmur (of the heart)
geruisloos	a		soundless, silent
naaldboom	n	de · mv. naaldbomen	a conifer, tree of the order Coniferales
leerlooien	n	het	tanning
leerlooien	v	leerlooide – geleerlooid	to tan (to soak an animal hide in tannic acid/gallic acid, thereby changing…
oppoetsen	v	poetste op – opgepoetst	to polish
onderbreken	v	onderbrak – onderbroken	to interrupt, disrupt, butt in
rechtop	d		upright (erect)
ononderbroken	a		uninterrupted
opensperren	v	sperde open – opengesperd	to open wide
nestelen	v	nestelde – genesteld	to nest; to nestle
Midden-Europa	m		Central Europe (a geographic region in the center of Europe, usually…
verzorgd	a		careful, tidy, cultivated
monofyletisch	a		monophyletic
polyfyletisch	n	mv. polyfyletische	polyphyletic
parafyletisch	a		paraphyletic
toveren	v	toverde – getoverd	to perform magic; to do amazing things
ganzerik	n	de · mv. ganzeriken	gander; a cinquefoil, potentilla; any plant of the genus Potentilla
fonoloog	n	de · mv. fonologen	phonologist
schrijfmachine	n	de · mv. schrijfmachines	typewriter
apparaat	n	het · mv. apparaten	apparatus, device; apparatus, staff who work directly on maintaining operations; in particular…
toets	n	de · mv. toetsen	button, key (on a keyboard or other input device); fingerboard (e.g. on a violin); test, examination
toetsen	v	toetste – getoetst	to put to the test, to examine, assess; to try, attempt
tekstverwerker	n	de · mv. tekstverwerkers	word processor
Gronings	a		of, from or pertaining to the city of Groningen; of, from or pertaining to the province Groningen
Gronings	m		Gronings, the Dutch Low Saxon dialect spoken in the province Groningen
opmaken	v	maakte op – opgemaakt	to use up (e.g. money) or eat up (all that's left to eat); to finish, conclude; to make (a bed)
schriftteken	n	het · mv. schrifttekens	glyph
aandoen	v	deed aan – aangedaan	to turn on (e.g. a light); to put on (clothes), don; to rouse an impression, strike oneself as
parelmoer	n	het	mother of pearl
weekdier	n	het · mv. weekdieren	a mollusc, invertebrate animal of the phylum Mollusca
zeekat	n	de · mv. zeekatten	cuttlefish (10-armed predatory marine cephalopod)
zending	n	de · mv. zendingen	round, batch (collection of thing arriving together); mission (proselytisation); the act of sending
Matteüs	m		Matthew, the apostle and several minor figures
collegezaal	n	de · mv. collegezalen	lecture theatre, lecture hall (auditorium-style classroom)
Boliviaan	n	de · mv. Bolivianen	Bolivian person
standplaats	n	de · mv. standplaatsen	stand (designated spot where someone or something may stand or wait)
onderduiker	n	de · mv. onderduikers	person in hiding
uitzien	v	zag uit – uitgezien	to look forward to; to seem, look like
lettertype	n	het · mv. lettertypen	font, typeface
verbruiken	v	verbruikte – verbruikt	to consume, use up
boekhouding	n	de · mv. boekhoudingen	bookkeeping, accounting
slijtage	n	de · mv. slijtages	wear (as in "wear and tear")
hendel	n	de/het · mv. hendels	lever
afbreekteken	n	het · mv. afbreektekens	hyphen, used to indicate that a word has been split at the end of a line
kantlijn	n	de · mv. kantlijnen	margin
geheugen	v	geheugde – geheugd	to remember, to recall
geheugen	n	het · mv. geheugens	memory (ability to remember); memory
monniksgier	n	de · mv. monniksgieren	cinereous vulture (Aegypius monachus)
aeroob	a		aerobic
strateeg	n	de · mv. strategen	strategist
tactiek	n	de · mv. tactieken	tactics; tactic
afwikkelen	v	wikkelde af – afgewikkeld	to unwind; to conclude, to bring to the final stages
afwikkeling	n	de · mv. afwikkelingen	unwinding; ending, conclusion
verkeersafwikkeling	n	de · mv. verkeersafwikkelingen	traffic flow
lazuriet	n	het	lazurite
ultramarijn	n	het	ultramarine (pigment or color)
ultramarijn	a		ultramarine (color)
ivoren	a		ivory
zijdevlinder	n	de · mv. zijdevlinders	domestic silkmoth (Bombyx mori); the butterfly species commonly used for…
Europees	a		European, related to Europe and its civilisation; or the European Union
Europees	n	de · mv. Europezen	a European (entity)
bemanningslid	n	het · mv. bemanningsleden	crew member, member of a crew
maandelijks	d		monthly, related to a month, occurring during a month or every month
feil	n	de · mv. feilen	error; shortage, lack
motorfiets	n	de · mv. motorfietsen	motorcycle, motorbike, open-seated motor-powered vehicle with two wheels
benijden	v	benijdde – benijd	to envy, be envious or jealous
analyseren	v	analyseerde – geanalyseerd	to analyse, subject to analysis
analist	n	de · mv. analisten	analyst
prostitutie	n	de	prostitution, offering sex for payment; any scandalous abuse for profit
nederigheid	n	de · mv. nederigheden	humility, characteristic of being humble
hoofddoek	n	de · mv. hoofddoeken	headscarf, a more or less rectangular cloth worn over the head, mainly by…
regenboogvlies	n	het · mv. regenboogvliezen	iris, a membrane in the eye
potig	a		rugged, vigorous, robust
alikruik	n	de · mv. alikruiken	common periwinkle (Littorina littorea); periwinkle, any mollusk of the genus Littorina
rozijn	n	de · mv. rozijnen	a raisin, a dried grape
ontroerend	a		moving, touching, stirring emotion/sympathy
vallei	n	de · mv. valleien	valley
vla	n	de · mv. vla's	a sweet custard-based or cornflour-based dessert
termiet	n	de · mv. termieten	a termite, an ant-like eusocial insect of the infraorder Isoptera
hypothermie	n	de	hypothermia
kameleon	n	de · mv. kameleons	chameleon (lizard of the family Chamaeleonidae); weathervane (someone who changes opinions, allegiance, etc. like a chameleon…
grotschildering	n	de · mv. grotschilderingen	cave painting
schildering	n	de · mv. schilderingen	mural, painting (usually meant on a wall as opposed to schilderij)
muurschildering	n	de · mv. muurschilderingen	mural
toegangspoort	n	de · mv. toegangspoorten	gateway
spaarzaam	a		sparing, frugal, thrifty
spaarzaam	d		sparingly, frugally, thriftly
importeren	v	importeerde – geïmporteerd	to import
Venetië	m		Venice
goedkoper	a		cheaper (comparative degree of goedkoop)
onderschildering	n	de · mv. onderschilderingen	underpainting
briljant	a		brilliant (genius, excellent)
briljant	n	de · mv. briljanten	brilliant (finely cut gemstone, especially a diamond)
winnaar	n	de · mv. winnaars	winner, one who has won or often wins
zuurdamp	n	de · mv. zuurdampen	acid fume
waterig	a		watery, aqueous
insluiting	n	de · mv. insluitingen	inclusion (e.g. in a precious stone)
grijsachtig	a		grayish
overwinnaar	n	de · mv. overwinnaars	victor, triumphator
zeepachtig	a		soapy
handgemaakt	a		handmade
kneden	v	kneedde – gekneed	to knead
onzuiverheid	n	de · mv. onzuiverheden	impurity; bias
spontaan	a		spontaneous
spontaan	d		spontaneously
kalkoven	n	de · mv. kalkovens	limekiln
werking	n	de · mv. werkingen	working, functioning
uitloven	v	loofde uit – uitgeloofd	to offer
vergeling	n	de · mv. vergelingen	yellowing
roodachtig	a		reddish
onschadelijk	a		harmless
decoratief	a		decorative
schmink	n	de	face paint
achterlating	n	de · mv. achterlatingen	abandonment
kapen	v	kaapte – gekaapt	to hijack, to privateer, to (illegally) seize control of something -…
beitel	n	de · mv. beitels	a chisel, tool consisting of a slim oblong block of metal
printplaat	n	de · mv. printplaten	printed circuit board
zeewier	n	het · mv. zeewieren	seaweed, primitive marine plants and algae
afstandsbediening	n	de · mv. afstandsbedieningen	remote control
antiek	a		antique
antiek	n	het	antiques (antique wares)
besturingsbus	n	de · mv. besturingsbussen	control bus
adresbus	n	de · mv. adresbussen	address bus
scheerapparaat	n	het · mv. scheerapparaten	electric shaver
scheer	n	de · mv. scheren	skerry (small rocky island)
tegenkomen	v	kwam tegen – tegengekomen	to encounter
besturingssysteem	n	het · mv. besturingssystemen	operating system
heilbot	n	de · mv. heilbotten	halibut, the largest flatfish species of marine genus Hippoglossus
depressie	n	de · mv. depressies	depression (state of mind producing serious, long-term lowering of enjoyment…; depression (period of low morale or unhappiness); depression (area that is lower in topography than its surroundings)
strottenhoofd	n	het · mv. strottenhoofden	larynx
stabiel	a		stable, (relatively) unchanging; soundly balanced; reliable
goochelaar	n	de · mv. goochelaars	magician
bakbanaan	n	de · mv. bakbananen	plantain, fruit of the genus Musa that is used in cooking
krokus	n	de · mv. krokussen	crocus (bulb plant of genus Crocus)
lelietje-van-dalen	n	het · mv. lelietjes-van-dalen	lily of the valley (Convallaria majalis)
meiklokje	n	het · mv. meiklokjes	synonym of lelietje-van-dalen (“lily of the valley”)
roet	n	het	soot (fine dark particles of amorphous carbon and tar, produced by the…; a fungus type
andijvie	n	de · mv. andijvies	endive (Cichorium endivia, a vegetable)
venkel	n	de · mv. venkels	fennel (Foeniculum vulgare)
medelijden	n	het	compassion, sympathy for the suffering of another
motregen	n	de · mv. motregens	drizzle (light rain)
pesten	n	het	the card game Mau Mau, similar to crazy eights
pesten	v	pestte – gepest	to bully, to annoy; to tease; to play the card game Mau Mau
wau	n	het · mv. waus	wau (archaic Greek letter)
ijl	a		rarefied (of a gas etc.), not dense
ijl	n	de	rush, haste
jambisch	a		iambic (consisting of iambs or characterized by their predominance)
melanoom	n	het · mv. melanomen	melanoma, type of skin tumor
zeemeermin	n	de · mv. zeemeerminnen	mermaid, mythological woman with a fish's tail
raket	n	de · mv. raketten	rocket, missile; firework; a type of ice cream in the shape of a rocket
vaccinatie	n	de · mv. vaccinaties	vaccination, inoculation with a vaccine
dodenwake	n	de · mv. dodenwaken	wake for the dead
doodvonnis	n	het · mv. doodvonnissen	death sentence
verbitteren	v	verbitterde – verbitterd	to embitter
oud-strijder	n	de · mv. oud-strijders	veteran
uitbuiting	n	de · mv. uitbuitingen	exploitation
afstemmen	v	stemde af – afgestemd	to coordinate; to tune (an instrument); to tune (a radio etc.)
uitdrukkelijk	d		expressly
beweegbaar	a		movable
uitbroeden	v	broedde uit – uitgebroed	to hatch out
Suezkanaal	m		the Suez Canal, linking the Egyptian Red Sea - and Mediterranean coasts
handig	a		handy, convenient, practical; handy, capable, dexterous; clever, crafty, cunning
hellenistisch	a		Hellenistic
dwalen	v	dwaalde – gedwaald	to stray, wander; to err
hefboom	n	de · mv. hefbomen	lever (turning rigid piece); leverage
beleven	v	beleefde – beleefd	to experience, live through, go through; to profess, practice openly (notably a faith or conviction)
boeiend	a		captivating, interesting; riveting, astonishing
boeiend	i		so what! Who cares!
boeien	v	boeide – geboeid	to tie down, tie up, bind, shackle; to captivate, fascinate, interest; to raise the ship's side with side-boards
ex-president	n	de · mv. ex-presidenten	ex-president
omkopen	v	kocht om – omgekocht	to bribe, buy off
intimidator	n	de · mv. intimidators	intimidator
tegenwerping	n	de · mv. tegenwerpingen	objection, statement expressing opposition
kloon	n	de · mv. klonen	clone (organism produced through cloning); clone, duplicate (imitation bearing close resemblance to the original); clog, klomp, wooden shoe
vertroosting	n	de · mv. vertroostingen	consolation
zondaar	n	de · mv. zondaars	sinner
galg	n	de · mv. galgen	gallows, wooden framework on which persons are put to death by hanging; the death sentence, notably by hanging; a stake or pole to hang/suspend objects on
geuren	v	geurde – gegeurd	to smell (have a particular smell)
inhouden	v	hield in – ingehouden	to contain, to encompass, to include; to mean, to imply; to contain/restrain oneself
artistiek	a		artistic, relating to art; of artistic value or merit; having creative skill
watertanden	v	watertandde – gewatertand	to make one's mouth water
nerveus	a		nervous, anxious, jumpy
ziekelijk	a		morbid, pathological
inhalig	a		avaricious
Sefanja	m		Zephaniah (book of the Bible)
boerenkaas	n	de · mv. boerenkazen	farmhouse cheese, made from a farmer’s own herd and generally unpasteurized
Tataars	a		relating to the Tatars, their country or polities (now Tataristan); in or relating to the Tatar language
Tataars	m		Tatar (language)
loflied	n	het · mv. lofliederen	paean, hymn
gehecht	a		attached, devoted
bureaucratie	n	de · mv. bureaucratieën	bureaucracy (system of organising the civil service; civil service corps;…
beeldhouwwerk	n	het · mv. beeldhouwwerken	sculpture, an object created by sculpting
cyaan	n	het	cyanogen, a blueish, acid, poisonous gas; cyan (colour)
cyaan	a		cyan
belezen	v	belas – belezen	to exorcise; to convince, persuade
belezen	a		well-read (well informed and knowledgeable because of extensive reading); book-smart, erudite
krantenpapier	n	het · mv. krantenpapieren	newsprint, inexpensive paper used for mass printing, such as newspapers
locomotief	n	de · mv. locomotieven	locomotive, self-propelled vehicle that runs on rails, notably pulling a train
ontmoedigen	v	ontmoedigde – ontmoedigd	discourage (to take away or reduce the willingness)
drillen	v	drilde – gedrild	to make vibrate, as with a pneumatic drill; to operate a pneumatic drill; to drill, instruct by arduous exercise, notably in military context or style
sculptuur	n	de · mv. sculpturen	sculpture
hypocriet	n	de · mv. hypocrieten	hypocrite
hypocriet	a		hypocritical, characterized by hypocrisy or being a hypocrite
forensisch	a		legal, pertaining to courts or trials; forensic, relating to the use of science and technology in the investigation…
blauwdruk	n	de · mv. blauwdrukken	a blueprint, a white-on-blue design image, a cyanotype; a blueprint, a plan, a design
kruiper	n	de · mv. kruipers	creeper, crawler; adulator, flunky, toady
aambeeld	n	het · mv. aambeelden	anvil (block used in blacksmithing); incus (bone)
paasbloem	n	de · mv. paasbloemen	a daffodil, a bulbaceous flowering plant of the genus Narcissus
onderkaak	n	de · mv. onderkaken	mandible, a lower jaw
omkeer	n	de	reversal; revulsion
omkeer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omkeren
naoorlogs	a		post-war (almost always: after World War II)
wout	n	de · mv. wouten	synonym of politieagent
vroedvrouw	n	de · mv. vroedvrouwen	midwife (woman who assists women in childbirth)
bugel	n	de · mv. bugels	bugle, flugelhorn, a brass instrument
astronoom	n	de · mv. astronomen	astronomer, one who studies astronomy
kweepeer	n	de · mv. kweeperen	the edible fruit of the quince, notably when pear-shaped
microscoop	n	de · mv. microscopen	a microscope, a magnifying optical instrument
spionage	n	de · mv. spionages	espionage, spying
homeopathie	n	de · mv. homeopathies	Homeopathy: a pseudomedical method invented by Hahnemann based on analogies…
rechtvaardigen	v	rechtvaardigde – gerechtvaardigd	to justify, provide an acceptable motivation or explanation
aantreden	v	trad aan – aangetreden	to fall in (get into position); to accept, to join (a position of office)
bakermat	n	de · mv. bakermatten	place of origin, cradle
inbakeren	v	bakerde in – ingebakerd	to swaddle
bakeren	v	bakerde – gebakerd	to dry-nurse; to swaddle
vlechten	v	vlocht – gevlochten	to braid
braam	n	de · mv. bramen	a bramble, a common blackberry shrub (Rubus fruticosus); a common blackberry, a bramble (fruit); one of certain other shrubs of the genus Rubus or their fruits
bijenkorf	n	de · mv. bijenkorven	a skep, a woven beehive
sierlijk	a		elegant, graceful
kandelaar	n	de · mv. kandelaars	candelabrum; sconce
Bram	m		a male given name from Hebrew
hoorbaar	a		audible
zichtbaarheid	n	de · mv. zichtbaarheden	visibility
stoelen	v	stoelde – gestoeld	To rest, be based/ founded, on something (such as an argumentation); to form into a stool (stump)
pesthaard	n	de · mv. pesthaarden	pesthole
ontroerd	a		moved, touched emotionally
drilmeester	n	de · mv. drilmeesters	drillmaster
hoender	n	de · mv. hoenders	a type of deep basket for cherries
microscopisch	a		microscopic
kweeappel	n	de · mv. kweeappels	the edible fruit of the quince, notably when apple-shaped
bannissement	n	het · mv. bannissementen	banishment, exile
antibioticum	n	het · mv. antibiotica	antibiotic, medicinal substance to destroy or inhibit bacteria
kokospalm	n	de · mv. kokospalmen	coconut palm (Cocos nucifera)
woordafbreking	n	de · mv. woordafbrekingen	word break, word division; syllabification
genezing	n	de · mv. genezingen	healing, recovery
olijfboom	n	de · mv. olijfbomen	olive tree (Olea europaea)
verstikken	v	verstikte – verstikt	to choke, to suffocate
neet	n	de · mv. neten	nit; egg of a louse
graafschap	n	het · mv. graafschappen	county; shire
schrijfster	n	de · mv. schrijfsters	writer (female)
blijk	n	het · mv. blijken	token, expression, demonstration, sign; mark
bleken	v	bleekte – gebleekt	to bleach
gedreven	a		driven, highly motivated
hees	a		hoarse, rough, husky, grating
knijp	n	de · mv. knijpen	saloon, bar, pub
rijs	n	het · mv. rijzen	a young twig or branch; a bundle of twigs; a faggot
rees	n	de	diarrhea, the runs, the squits, the squirts
scheten	v	scheette – gescheet	to fart, to waft, to trump
gesneden	a		castrated, castrate
spijt	n	de/het	regret
verwijt	n	het · mv. verwijten	reproach
verwezen	v	verweesde – verweesd	to become orphaned; to orphan, to bereave of parents
weken	v	weekte – geweekt	to soak
pachten	v	pachtte – gepacht	to lease
pacht	n	de · mv. pachten	lease (in particular of land and immovable goods)
aanzoek	n	het · mv. aanzoeken	offer, proposal; especially a marriage proposal
huwelijksaanzoek	n	het · mv. huwelijksaanzoeken	proposal (asking someone to be one's spouse; offer of marriage)
afslaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afslaan
afsloeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afslaan
aflever	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afleveren
aflevert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afleveren
formaliteit	n	de · mv. formaliteiten	formality
regelen	v	regelde – geregeld	to regulate, to control; to arrange
instantie	n	de · mv. instanties	authority; agency, bureau; instance (only in limited contexts)
doorgeef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorgeven
doorgeeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorgeven
doorgaf	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorgeven
opgeven	v	gaf op – opgegeven	to give up, relinquish; to report, state, indicate (e.g. data in a form)
opgeef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opgeven
opgeeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opgeven
opgaf	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opgeven
pleeggezin	n	het · mv. pleeggezinnen	foster home
pleegmoeder	n	de · mv. pleegmoeders	foster mother
kinderdagverblijf	n	het · mv. kinderdagverblijven	a day nursery for small children until age 3 in Belgium (Flanders) or age 4…
stenograaf	n	de · mv. stenografen	stenographer: shorthand writer
hospita	n	de · mv. hospita's	landlady
terughalen	v	haalde terug – teruggehaald	to recall
terughaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terughalen
terughaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terughalen
uitkijken	v	keek uit – uitgekeken	to watch (something) until the end; to look out, to watch out, to be vigilant; to look forward to
uitkijk	n	de · mv. uitkijken	lookout (place from where one watches); watch, lookout (act or duty of watching, being on the lookout); watch (one who keeps watch)
uitkijk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitkijken
uitkijkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitkijken
uitkeek	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitkijken
uitgeef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitgeven
uitgeeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitgeven
uitgaf	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitgeven
verteller	n	de · mv. vertellers	narrator
uitkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitkomen
uitkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitkomen
uitkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitkomen
verstuiken	v	verstuikte – verstuikt	to sprain
speelsheid	n	de · mv. speelsheden	playfulness, friskiness
nalatenschap	n	de · mv. nalatenschappen	estate, inheritance; legacy
opsnuiven	v	snoof op – opgesnoven	to inhale through the nose
duffels	a		made from duffel (cloth)
kunstschilder	n	de · mv. kunstschilders	painter (of pictures), artist
kunstje	n	het · mv. kunstjes	trick (entertaining action)
Ras	m		a surname
kunststroming	n	de · mv. kunststromingen	artistic movement
impressionisme	n	het	impressionism
opvolg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opvolgen
opvolgt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opvolgen
expressionisme	n	het	expressionism
zwaarmoedig	a		somber, melancholy
zenuwziekte	n	de · mv. zenuwziekten	neurosis; neuropathy
groei	n	de	growth
predikant	n	de · mv. predikanten	preacher, minister (used in the Dutch Protestant church)
echtpaar	n	het · mv. echtparen	a married couple
zwijgzaam	a		quiet, taciturn
wormstekig	a		maggoty, said of fruit damaged by maggots and other insects
thuisonderwijs	n	het	homeschooling
verloofde	n	de · mv. verloofden	a betrothed, a fiancée or fiancé
verliefd	a		in love
aanhoud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanhouden
aanhoudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanhouden
aanhield	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanhouden
aftrek	n	de · mv. aftrekken	deduction
aftrek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aftrekken
aftrekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aftrekken
aftrok	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aftrekken
preek	n	de · mv. preken	sermon; lecture (spoken lesson, also in a negative sense)
preken	v	preekte – gepreekt	to preach; to sermonise, to lecture (to criticise verbally)
afhaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afhaken
afhaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afhaken
wijten	v	weet – geweten	to blame
zendeling	n	de · mv. zendelingen	a (Protestant) missionary
worstelen	v	worstelde – geworsteld	to struggle; to wrestle
poseren	v	poseerde – geposeerd	to pose
bewondering	n	de	admiration
gretig	a		eager; keen
verweren	v	verweerde – verweerd	to defend; to erode due to weather conditions like rain, wind and frost
onderstaand	a		written/shown/mentioned below
kisten	v	kistte – gekist	to lay in a coffin or casket
inboedel	n	de · mv. inboedels	furniture
blits	a		fashionable
unbiquadium	n	het	unbiquadium
geodesie	n	de	geodesy, geodetics
gerontologie	n	de	gerontology
Hollander	n	de · mv. Hollanders	Hollander, person from Holland (e.g. North Holland or South Holland) or of…; a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Hollander	a		of or from Holland
unbipentium	n	het	unbipentium
innig	a		intimate
groenwieren	n		Chlorophyta
groenwier	n	het · mv. groenwieren	green alga, chlorophyte (but see also groenwieren)
blauwalg	n	de · mv. blauwalgen	blue-green alga, member of the Cyanobacteria
fotosynthese	n	de	photosynthesis
symbiose	n	de · mv. symbioses	symbiosis
korstvormig	a		crustlike
bladvormig	a		leaflike
struikvormig	a		shrublike
aangeef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aangeven
aangeeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aangeven
leefwijze	n	de · mv. leefwijzen	way of life
zaadplant	n	de · mv. zaadplanten	spermatophyte
grafsteen	n	de · mv. grafstenen	gravestone
doordringen	v	drong door – doorgedrongen	to penetrate; to get through to, to convince
doordring	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doordringen…
doordringt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
doordrong	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of doordringen (“to penetrate…
opleven	v	leefde op – opgeleefd	to revive
voorkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
voorkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorkomen (“to exist; to happen”)
voorkomend	a		attentive, kind
rendiermos	n	het · mv. rendiermossen	any of various lichens of genus Cladonia; reindeer lichen (Cladonia rangiferina)
vermeerdering	n	de · mv. vermeerderingen	increase (in population), accretion
gebakje	n	het · mv. gebakjes	a piece of pastry
tompoes	n	de · mv. tompoezen	tompouce: a Dutch version of mille-feuille, having a thick layer of pastry…
muisknop	n	de · mv. muisknoppen	mouse button, a computer input device
katje	n	het · mv. katjes	catkin; salary
hondje	n	het · mv. hondjes	flatbed cart or trolley without any handles
eigenhandig	a		personally (with one's own hands)
schuif	n	de · mv. schuiven	drawer; bolt, to lock a door etc; slide, moving or moveable
schoof	n	de · mv. schoven	sheaf
stroef	a		rough, not smooth; difficult to move; stiff, stern
poortje	n	het · mv. poortjes	gate, e.g. at a subway or railway station
poorten	v		to nutmeg (pass a ball between an opponent's legs)
monteren	v	monteerde – gemonteerd	to assemble; to mount; to equip a soldier
gladheid	n	de	slipperiness; smoothness
oneffen	a		uneven
oneffenheid	n	de · mv. oneffenheden	unevenness
reflecterend	a		reflecting
gebruikersinterface	n	de · mv. gebruikersinterfaces	user interface
klacht	n	de · mv. klachten	complaint (general, also physical)
polsen	v	polste – gepolst	to probe, to inquire with tact
oorkonde	n	de · mv. oorkonden	charter
geboomte	n	het · mv. geboomtes	woodland
onderscheiding	n	de · mv. onderscheidingen	distinction; decoration
billen	v		to sharpen, to apply grooves to a millstone; to bed, to have sex with
kikkerbil	n	de · mv. kikkerbillen	frog leg; usually in the plural, as a dish or ingredient
heruitzending	n	de · mv. heruitzendingen	a rerun, re-broadcast of a program
nederig	a		humble, with humility
gezindheid	n	de · mv. gezindheden	disposition
welgezindheid	n	de	affinity, attraction; state of being well-disposed
uitgangspunt	n	het · mv. uitgangspunten	point of departure, starting point
betreffende	p		concerning
wijsgeer	n	de · mv. wijsgeren	philosopher
filosoof	n	de · mv. filosofen	philosopher
aansluit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
aansloot	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aansluiten
levensbeschouwing	n	de · mv. levensbeschouwingen	life stance
geldigheid	n	de	validity
appelmoes	n	de/het	apple sauce, a food prepared by pureeing cooked apples
omtrent	p		concerning
afwijzen	v	wees af – afgewezen	to turn away, to decline, to reject
afwijs	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afwijzen
afwijst	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afwijzen
afwees	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afwijzen
betwistbaar	a		questionable, arguable
principieel	a		fundamental
principieel	d		fundamentally
vleierij	n	de · mv. vleierijen	flattery
dekmantel	n	de · mv. dekmantels	coverup (only used figuratively), guise, facade; disguise
werven	v	wierf – geworven	to recruit, notably for enlistment or civil employment; to obtain (money) through soliciting
ongeletterde	n	de · mv. ongeletterden	an illiterate
bouten	v	boutte – gebout	to fart
broederschap	n	de · mv. broederschappen	brotherhood, a fraternal quality or relationship; fraternity, or any society of 'brothers' in the figurative sense, especially…
broeder	n	de · mv. broeders	friar, member -especially non-priest- of certain ecclesiastical (notably…; member of a brotherhood, fraternity, order etc.; brother (fictive male kin…
palinodie	n	de · mv. palinodieën	a palinode, a formal rhetorical or poetic discourse in which one retracts an…; a retraction, a recantation
pagode	n	de · mv. pagodes	pagoda
pepsine	n	de	pepsin
sparren	v	sparde – gespard	to spar, to have a practice fight; to brainstorm, to exchange thoughts
vernederend	a		humiliating, constituting or implying humiliation
aantrekkelijk	a		attractive, beautiful
wegstoppen	v	stopte weg – weggestopt	to put away; to hide
onwettig	a		unlawful, illegal; illegitimate
verdragen	v	verdroeg – verdragen	to tolerate; to endure, bear
rakker	n	de · mv. rakkers	a rascal, a tomboy, a scamp
aanzetten	v	zette aan – aangezet	to start, switch on; to urge, incite; to set
afwachten	v	wachtte af – afgewacht	to wait (for), to await
brullen	v	brulde – gebruld	to roar; to cry (of a baby)
beklemtonen	v	beklemtoonde – beklemtoond	to stress (a syllable); to emphasize, to stress
klemtoon	n	de · mv. klemtonen	stress
knecht	n	de · mv. knechten	a servant; an assistant, hand, employee; a flunky
browsen	v	browsede – gebrowsed	to browse
doorbladeren	v	bladerde door – doorgebladerd	to leaf through; to browse
tussendoortje	n	het · mv. tussendoortjes	snack
lijnen	v	lijnde – gelijnd	to draw lines; to form a line, to be on (a) line(s); to diet in order to get a slim(mer) waistline
marinier	n	de · mv. mariniers	marine
abominabel	a		abominable, hateful, terrible; detestable; loathsome
dadel	n	de · mv. dadels	date (fruit); date palm
sporing	n	de · mv. sporingen	wheel alignment
Bahama's	m		Bahamas (an archipelago and country in the Caribbean)
Comoren	m		Comoros (a country and group of islands in the Indian Ocean off the coast of…; Comoros (an archipelago consisting of the Union of the Comoros and the…
Marshalleilanden	m		Marshall Islands (a country consisting of two archipelagos in Micronesia, in…
absorptie	n	de · mv. absorpties	absorption, act or process of absorbing or sucking in something
accumulatie	n	de · mv. accumulaties	accumulation (act of accumulating, the state of being accumulated)
sferisch	a		spheric, sphere-shaped
citaat	n	het · mv. citaten	a quotation, fragment of a human expression, notably as reference
septisch	a		septic
Guinee	m		Guinea (a country in West Africa)
creëren	v	creëerde – gecreëerd	to create, make, put into existence; to design creatively; to appoint, invest with an office etc
engelengeduld	n	het	angelic patience, the patience of angels, the ability to be patient for a…
aanbreng	n	de · mv. aanbrengen	input; what is brought along, what is added to the table/game/mix
aanbreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanbrengen
wielrenner	n	de · mv. wielrenners	a sports or fitness cyclist, someone who races bicycles, as opposed to a…
symbool	n	het · mv. symbolen	a symbol, sign, character, glyph or anything of symbolic value; a (notably Chistian) creed
attributief	a		attributive (word modifying a noun)
gazon	n	het · mv. gazons	lawn
verwoed	a		fierce, furious (passionately, with much energy)
onafgewerkt	a		unfinished
luiheid	n	de	laziness
onverschilligheid	n	de	indifference
ontzien	v	ontzag – ontzien	to spare
opvoering	n	de · mv. opvoeringen	performance (e.g. of a play or music)
opvoeren	v	voerde op – opgevoerd	to perform (e.g. a play or opera); to soup up, to tune up; to increase, to intensify
inzending	n	de · mv. inzendingen	entry, submission (e.g. to a contest)
bestel	n	het · mv. bestellen	order, establishment (especially political)
opvoer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opvoeren
opvoert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opvoeren
uitstapje	n	het · mv. uitstapjes	excursion, outing
mondjesmaat	d		in a barely sufficient quantity
valselijk	d		falsely
huiveringwekkend	a		horrible
doorwrocht	a		elaborate, thorough, comprehensive, well thought through
meerlagig	a		multilayered
diepgang	n	de	profundity, the quality of probing deep; draught of a ship
beslommering	n	de · mv. beslommeringen	daily worry, daily concerns
omwille	d		only used in omwille van
hevig	a		intense
zinnen	v	zon – gezonnen	to contemplate, to plot; to satisfy, to please
fascisme	n	het · mv. fascismes	fascism, an extreme-right totalitarian political regime/ideology
chromosoom	n	het · mv. chromosomen	chromosome, structure in the cell nucleus containing genes
voetpad	n	het · mv. voetpaden	footpath, especially a paved walkway
snee	n	de · mv. sneden	cut (an opening resulting from cutting); slice (a piece cut off from a whole)
Speers	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
bevreesd	a		afraid
wankel	a		unsteady, unstable, tottering; shaky, insecure
begeven	v	begaf – begeven	to give way, to collapse, to break down; to go (somewhere), move towards
zegening	n	de · mv. zegeningen	blessing, benediction; the act of blessing
teer	n	de/het	tar; tenderness; the act of digesting or being consumed
teer	a		tender, delicate
tred	n	de · mv. treden	step
oplaaien	v	laaide op – opgelaaid	to blaze up
gloed	n	de	glow; emanating heat from (or as if from) something that glows
ontsteken	v	ontstak – ontstoken	to kindle; to turn on (a light); to inflame (to put in a state of inflammation)
bazuin	n	de · mv. bazuinen	buisine, mediaeval trumpet
bazuinen	v	bazuinde – gebazuind	to trumpet, to fanfare, to announce loudly
verflauwen	v	verflauwde – verflauwd	to fade, weaken
kermen	v	kermde – gekermd	to moan, to groan
opwekking	n	de · mv. opwekkingen	worship song; revival, awakening; generation (e.g. of electric power)
centraal	a		central, being in the centre
variabel	a		variable
scheikundig	a		chemical, relating to or applying chemistry
hoesten	v	hoestte – gehoest	to cough, push air from the lungs forcefully, as because of a cold; to suffer from a (disease which causes a) cough; to clear one's throat, notably by emulating the above
cirkelen	v	cirkelde – gecirkeld	to form a circle, turn/move/travel in a circle; to mark with a circle
kapitalisme	n	het	capitalism
sedentair	a		sedentary (settled, not migratory)
contemporain	a		contemporary
spaak	n	de · mv. spaken	a spoke, part between the center and outer rim of a wheel etc; a boom or handle
hersenen	n		brain
balans	n	de · mv. balansen	balance, scales for weighing; equilibrium; balance sheet
opruimen	v	ruimde op – opgeruimd	to clean (something) up,; to tidy up, get in order; to clear away, eliminate, get rid of
ijsje	n	het · mv. ijsjes	an ice cream
akoestiek	n	de	the acoustics, quality of a space (such as absorption and echo-effects) for…; the physics branch acoustics, which studies the above
abondant	a		abundant
dialoog	n	de · mv. dialogen	dialogue, conversation or other discourse between two interlocutors
zoniet	d		or else, otherwise
postorder	n	de · mv. postorders	mail order
afspelen	v	speelde af – afgespeeld	to play (a recording); to happen, to play out, to take place
federatie	n	de · mv. federaties	federation (constitutional system in which national and subnational levels…; federation (state with governance of the above type); federation (any other organisation with a structure similar to the above)
exquis	a		exquisite
cilinder	n	de · mv. cilinders	cylinder (geometric three-dimensional solid shape); certain objects of (roughly) cylindrical shape, e.g. a top hat; cylinder (of an engine)
merrie	n	de · mv. merries	a mare, female equine (mostly horse)
baars	n	de · mv. baarzen	perch (fish of the genus Perca); Eurasian perch (Perca fluviatilis)
Oekraïens	a		Ukrainian, relating to Ukraine and/or its Slavic people/culture
Oekraïens	m		Ukrainian (language)
extremiteit	n	de · mv. extremiteiten	an extremity (ulterior point or side); a bodily extremity, member, limb; an extreme peril
maneschijn	n	de	moonshine, moonlight (light from the moon)
steekpenning	n	de · mv. steekpenningen	a bribe, corrupt payment to buy an illegitimate favor (usually used in the…
cyclus	n	de · mv. cycli	a cycle, a complete rotation; a cycle, a repeatable series; a cycle, a collection of related texts or artworks
perenboom	n	de · mv. perenbomen	pear tree
strafschop	n	de · mv. strafschoppen	penalty, a free-kick from the penalty spot awarded to the grieved team in…
kornet	n	de · mv. kornetten	cornet (brass instrument); cornet (standard-bearing officer in a cavalry unit)
kazak	n	de · mv. kazakken	a coat with wide sleeves
kravat	n	de · mv. kravatten	cravat
aftrekking	n	de · mv. aftrekkingen	the act of subtracting; subtraction, a mathematical function to calculate the arithmetical…
sprinkhaan	n	de · mv. sprinkhanen	grasshopper, locust (insect of the suborder Caelifera or infraorder Acrididea)
legende	n	de · mv. legenden	legend (fictional story based on oral tradition, possibly with a kernel of…
fotorespiratie	n	de	photorespiration
lichtreactie	n	de · mv. lichtreacties	light reaction, a part of the process of photosynthesis
aartshertogin	n	de · mv. aartshertoginnen	archduchess, wife of an archduke or daughter or granddaughter of the Emperor…
krulsla	n	de	leaf lettuce, Lactuca sativa L. var. crispa
paradoxaal	a		paradoxical
antimoon	n	het	the metallic chemical element antimony
groetjes	i		regards (often used at the end of a letter/email)
zeetong	n	de · mv. zeetongen	sole (Solea solea)
nominaal	a		nominal, in name but not in reality; nominal, pertaining to nouns and/or nominals; nominal, unadjusted for inflation
nominaal	n	de · mv. nominalen	nominal value, value of securities or money, rate of exchange
brandweerauto	n	de · mv. brandweerauto's	fire engine, fire truck
brandweerwagen	n	de · mv. brandweerwagens	fire engine, fire truck
vuilnis	n	de/het	rubbish, trash, garbage; (especially) waste products (to be) disposed off
sneeuwbal	n	de · mv. sneeuwballen	snowball (ball of snow); viburnum (plant of genus Viburnum)
capoeirista	n	de · mv. capoeirista's	capoeirista
Servisch	a		Serbian (of the people); Serbian (of the language)
Servisch	m		Serbian (language)
afvalligheid	n	de · mv. afvalligheden	apostasy, disloyalty, desertion; an ideological renunciation or secession, notably apostasy, schismatic…
warmte	n	de · mv. warmtes	physical warmth, thermal energy, from moderate to heat; warmth, pronounced feeling, especially sympathetic emotion
breedte	n	de · mv. breedtes	width; latitude
zaken	n		business; affairs, a field of management, such as a political portfolio
buitenlands	a		foreign, exterior
posten	v	postte – gepost	to post, to mail; to be on the lookout, to keep guard; to post, to send, to publish online or on a network
inging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of ingaan
instellen	v	stelde in – ingesteld	to set (up), to configure
handhaving	n	de	enforcement, maintaining, upholding
afkomstig	a		originating
Berbers	a		Berber
afstammen	v	stamde af – afgestamd	to descend, originate (from)
afstam	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afstammen
afstamt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afstammen
doorbreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorbrengen
doorbrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorbrengen
doorbracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorbrengen
volbrengen	v	volbracht – volbracht	to accomplish
glossarium	n	het · mv. glossaria	glossary, list of words with their definitions and/or other annotations
pelgrimstocht	n	de · mv. pelgrimstochten	pilgrimage
pelgrim	n	de · mv. pelgrims	pilgrim
struikrover	n	de · mv. struikrovers	highwayman, literally one who ambushes their victims from behind the bushes
beginnetje	n	het · mv. beginnetjes	stub
kreeft	n	de · mv. kreeften	lobster, crayfish, used of certain members of the Pleocyemata
kreeftachtig	a		crustacean
karmijnrood	n	het	carmine, a crimson-purple colour
fototoestel	n	het · mv. fototoestellen	a still camera; a camera used to shoot still pictures
Oostenrijker	n	de · mv. Oostenrijkers	Austrian, member and/or descendant of the people of Austria
Kazachs	a		relating, belonging to the Kazakh people, culture; in, relating or belonging to the Kazakh language
Kazachs	n	het	the Kazakh language
dermatoloog	n	de · mv. dermatologen	dermatologist, someone who is skilled in, professes or practices the medical…
sterretje	n	het · mv. sterretjes	asterisk (*); sparkler (type of firework)
checken	v	checkte – gecheckt	to check (up), to inspect, examine
ongehuwd	a		unmarried, single, having no spouse
muilezel	n	de · mv. muilezels	hinny (the sterile hybrid offspring of a male horse (stallion) and a female…
hybride	n	de · mv. hybrides	A hybrid
hybride	a		hybrid
schorpioen	n	de · mv. schorpioenen	a scorpion, an arachnid with a venomous sting of the order Scorpiones; the scorpio, an ancient single-arm catapult; a vicious, dangerous person
noorderbreedte	n	de · mv. noorderbreedtes	northern latitude - The angular distance north from the equator, measured…
zuiderbreedte	n	de · mv. zuiderbreedtes	southern latitude - The angular distance south from the equator, measured…
fontein	n	de · mv. fonteinen	a fountain, monumental or small artificial water feature; a drink and/or wash basin with a tab; a fountain (firework)
huwen	v	huwde – gehuwd	to marry, wed; to achieve or join by marriage or a similar alliance
referentie	n	de · mv. referenties	a reference, person who vouches for another, character witness; a quoted or otherwise consulted, preferably reliably or authoritative…
sneeuwpop	n	de · mv. sneeuwpoppen	snowman (figure made of snow)
erfgenaam	n	de · mv. erfgenamen	heir (someone who inherits, or is designated to inherit)
mok	n	de · mv. mokken	mug, large cup with handle; mud fever (infection of a horse’s lower limb)
rouwen	v	rouwde – gerouwd	to mourn, to grieve
gruwelijk	a		gruesome, terrible, brutal; awesome, wicked
kerrie	n	de	curry powder; curry (dish); curry sauce
hypothese	n	de · mv. hypothesen	a hypothesis, tentative conjecture, as postulated in science
majesteit	n	de · mv. majesteiten	majesty; monarch, king, queen
confrontatie	n	de · mv. confrontaties	confrontation, the act of confronting or challenging at least one other…
debat	n	het · mv. debatten	debate; argument or discussion, usually in an ordered or formal setting
aankleden	v	kleedde aan – aangekleed	to dress, put clothing on someone or something; to get dressed, put clothes on oneself; to furnish with textile, furniture, decorations etc
zeeleeuw	n	de · mv. zeeleeuwen	the sea lion, a seal species, member of the Otariidae family
eenhoorn	n	de · mv. eenhoorns	unicorn
zeug	n	de · mv. zeugen	sow (female pig); bitch, cow, blatant term of abuse for a 'beastly' human female
basketbal	n	het	basketball (the sport); basketball (the ball)
anoniem	a		anonymous, without an (acknowledged) name
troost	n	de	a comfort, consolation
slaperig	a		sleepy, tending to go to sleep
kukeleku	i		cock-a-doodle-doo, onomatopoeia for the cry of the rooster
paspoort	n	het · mv. paspoorten	passport, official document, notably granting right of passage; dismissal from military service; ticket, solution
karnemelk	n	de	traditional buttermilk
geliefd	a		beloved, object of love; popular, widely liked
namiddag	n	de · mv. namiddagen	late afternoon, between 4 and 6 o'clock
voormiddag	n	de · mv. voormiddagen	midday, early afternoon (around the 12th to the 14th hour in the afternoon)
zonnewijzer	n	de · mv. zonnewijzers	sundial
behangselpapier	n	het · mv. behangselpapieren	wallpaper (decorative paper to hang on walls)
Facebook	m		Facebook
aartsvijand	n	de · mv. aartsvijanden	archenemy, a principal enemy
verroeren	v	verroerde – verroerd	to move, to cause to change place or posture; to set in motion; to arouse, move emotionally
lidmaatschap	n	het · mv. lidmaatschappen	membership (status of being a member; originally of a church flock)
bastaard	n	de · mv. bastaarden	a bastard, person born to unmarried parents; in some legal systems a…; a crossbred offspring deemed to be genetically degenerated
Keltisch	a		Celtic
Keltisch	m		Celtic languages
tandvlees	n	het	gum, flesh surrounding teeth; a tender and/or vulnerable spot
mediaan	n	de · mv. medianen	median (statistical measure of central tendency)
voetganger	n	de · mv. voetgangers	pedestrian (somebody on foot, without a vehicle or mount)
applicatie	n	de · mv. applicaties	application, act or process of applying something; application, program, app, piece of software
leuning	n	de · mv. leuningen	bannister, rail (bar for support or safety); side intended to lean/rest upon, particularly in furniture; e.g. an armrest…
lichtjaar	n	het · mv. lichtjaren	light year (astronomical distance taking a year at light speed)
aanpak	n	de · mv. aanpakken	an approach, the manner in which a problem is analyzed and solved or policy…
aanpak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanpakken
nuntius	n	de · mv. nuntii	a nuncio (diplomatic representative of the Holy See)
aristocraat	n	de · mv. aristocraten	aristocrat (member of the aristocracy); person of high standing, reputation etc
Eiland	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Woensdrecht, North Brabant, Netherlands
gegevens	n		data, information
leerkracht	n	de · mv. leerkrachten	teacher, educator (qualified educator)
verstrijken	v	verstreek – verstreken	to use up by smearing, applying all liquid or paste; to run out, expire, become invalid
ondervragen	v	ondervroeg – ondervraagd	to interrogate, to question
meubelstuk	n	het · mv. meubelstukken	an item of furniture, (usually) in a room
wijzer	n	de · mv. wijzers	one who points, directs, indicates; an arm or other moving part of an instrument which points out a readable…
kannibaal	n	de · mv. kannibalen	cannibal (human or other organism which eats (parts of) other members of its…
parkeren	v	parkeerde – geparkeerd	to park, halt and leave a vehicle in a spot; to position, leave; to side-track someone
litanie	n	de · mv. litanieën	litany (liturgical prayer consisting of series of prayers)
schrijn	n	de/het · mv. schrijnen	shrine, a finely worked container, e.g. for a holy relic; shrine, a place of (especially religious) worship
stekelvarken	n	het · mv. stekelvarkens	a porcupine, large rodent of the families Erethizontidae and Hystricidae
pek	n	de	pitch (sticky substance used as an adhesive and sealant)
vleeseter	n	de · mv. vleeseters	carnivore, meat-eating creature
cicade	n	de · mv. cicaden	cicada, any of the Cicadoidea, insects of the order Hemiptera; a cricket
rivierkreeft	n	de · mv. rivierkreeften	crayfish, a freshwater crustacean resembling a marine lobster
spons	n	de · mv. sponsen	sponge
zeehond	n	de · mv. zeehonden	seal, any member of the family Phocidae
moerbei	n	de · mv. moerbeien	mulberry (the berry); the mulberry tree, which bears this fruit (of genus Morus)
mortaliteit	n	de · mv. mortaliteiten	mortality, condition of being susceptible to death; statistical mortality number(s), death rate
blauwe	n	de · mv. blauwen	Indo (person of part Indonesian, part European descent)
Laren	m		a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands; a village and former municipality of Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
balie	n	de · mv. balies	counter (table or board on which business is transacted); front desk, reception
zweer	n	de · mv. zweren	a purulent boil, skin injury containing pus, ulcer
Meyer	m		a surname
ambigu	a		ambiguous
artificieel	a		artificial, man-made
loodgieter	n	de · mv. loodgieters	plumber
slokdarm	n	de · mv. slokdarmen	gullet, oesophagus
waterpas	n	de/het · mv. waterpassen	a level, tool for finding whether a surface is leveled perfectly horizontally
waterpas	a		spirit level, leveled perfectly horizontal
weerlegging	n	de · mv. weerleggingen	refutation (an act of refuting)
basilicum	n	het · mv. basilicums	Ocimum basilicum, an ornamental plant; Ocimum suave, cultivated for cookery; the second plant's edible leaves, used as a spice
nietmachine	n	de · mv. nietmachines	stapler (device to attach bundles by staples)
nietapparaat	n	het · mv. nietapparaten	stapler, mechanical device to attach together papers etc
gieter	n	de · mv. gieters	a person who pours, e.g. a caster; a watering can etc
luchtpijp	n	de · mv. luchtpijpen	air shaft; windpipe, trachea
bleker	n	de · mv. blekers	a bleacher, one who bleaches fabrics, especially linens; the owner or…
stase	n	de	stasis (inactivity); railway station (place where trains stop)
brasem	n	de · mv. brasems	bream (Abramis brama)
haag	n	de · mv. hagen	a hedge, thicket of woody bushes planted in a row; a lane, (often double) row of lined-up persons or objects, as for a formal…
guirlande	n	de · mv. guirlandes	garland, festoon
idiosyncrasie	n	de · mv. idiosyncrasieën	an idiosyncrasy, notably an individual hypersensitivity, as for a substance
kinetisch	a		kinetic, relating to (the study of) motion
lastdier	n	het · mv. lastdieren	beast of burden, animal used to carry or pull (heavy) loads
mathematisch	a		mathematical
intrinsiek	a		intrinsic (inherent)
balsemen	v	balsemde – gebalsemd	to embalm, treat a corpse in order to prevent decomposition long-term; to treat with a balm; to soften, physically or emotionally
Aa	m		The name of dozens of small rivers and streams; also a common element in…
snugger	a		smart
laboratorium	n	het · mv. laboratoria	laboratory, room, building or institution equipped for scientific research…
vlegel	n	de · mv. vlegels	a flail, threshing tool (or by extension equivalent machinery); a flail, a weapon with a weight on a chain; a flail, whipping implement
refrein	n	het · mv. refreinen	a refrain, a chorus
ruimteveer	n	het · mv. ruimteveren	space shuttle, space vessel capable of travelling repeatedly between Earth…
rectaal	a		rectal (of -, via - or related to the rectum)
tandenstoker	n	de · mv. tandenstokers	toothpick
granaatappel	n	de · mv. granaatappels	the fruit pomegranate; the pomegranate plant (Punica granatum), which produces it
schrappen	v	schrapte – geschrapt	to cross out; to cancel, to annul; to remove or discard, to scrap
onlangs	d		recently
discipel	n	de · mv. discipelen	disciple
burgerschap	n	het	citizenship
alimentatie	n	de · mv. alimentaties	alimony (court-imposed allowance to meet costs of living)
basisonderwijs	n	het	elementary education (US), primary education (UK)
vaatwasmachine	n	de · mv. vaatwasmachines	a mechanical dishwasher
afwasser	n	de · mv. afwassers	dishwasher, person
opstanding	n	de · mv. opstandingen	resurrection
antithese	n	de · mv. antithesen	an opposition; an antithesis, in logic a proposition that is opposite to another proposition
opstandingskracht	n	de · mv. opstandingskrachten	resurrection power
infecteren	v	infecteerde – geïnfecteerd	to infect, bring into contact with a contagious germ causing illness; to contaminate, pass on (to ...) some undesirable idea, habit etc
ataxie	n	de · mv. ataxieën	ataxia, pathological lack of coordination in bodily movements
moerasschildpad	n	de · mv. moerasschildpadden	pond turtle, terrapin (emydid turtle species)
kurkentrekker	n	de · mv. kurkentrekkers	corkscrew, implement for removing a sealing cork; corkscrew (inversion used in rollercoasters)
recreatie	n	de · mv. recreaties	recreation (activity that diverts, amuses or stimulates)
pindakaas	n	de · mv. pindakazen	peanut butter (a spread made from ground peanuts)
schelvis	n	de · mv. schelvissen	A haddock, a marine fish of species Melanogrammus aeglefinus; A rosefish, redfish, bergylt, or Norway haddock, of species Sebastes…
haringhaai	n	de · mv. haringhaaien	porbeagle (Lamna nasus)
Noordzee	m		the North Sea, part of the Atlantic Ocean between Britain, Belgium, the…
omnivoor	n	de · mv. omnivoren	omnivore, creature eating both plants and animals
alleseter	n	de · mv. alleseters	omnivore, creature eating both plants and other animals
duizelig	a		dizzy, experiencing equilibrium-trouble
eter	n	de · mv. eters	eater
zuinig	a		economical, careful with expenses; efficient, not wasteful; frugal
economisch	a		economic, relating to the economy; economic, relating to economics; economical, relating to economizing
ethiek	n	de · mv. ethieken	ethics, (study of) principles governing right and wrong conduct
injectie	n	de · mv. injecties	injection, the act of injecting; what is thus delivered, notably medicine
belagen	v	belaagde – belaagd	to beleaguer, waylay; to vex, harass or beset
melig	a		mealy; being bored (and) silly, cheerful (of mood)
kruispunt	n	het · mv. kruispunten	intersection of lines; crossroads
dalmatiër	n	de · mv. dalmatiërs	a canine Dalmatian, a white, black-spotted breed of dog
kunstschaatsen	v	kunstschaatste – gekunstschaatst	to figure skate
zelfportret	n	het · mv. zelfportretten	a self-portrait, a portrait of the artist who made it
vlooienmarkt	n	de · mv. vlooienmarkten	flea market, an outdoor market for trading inexpensive antiques, curios
consulaat	n	het · mv. consulaten	consulate, the quasi-diplomatic post (office and residency) of a consul,…
apatride	a		stateless, without citizenship or nationality
apatride	n	de · mv. apatriden	a stateless, displaced person
anabolisme	n	het	anabolism
melasse	n	de · mv. melassen	the thick brownish syrup molasses, the remnant after refining raw sugar (cane)
floëem	n	het · mv. floëmen	phloem
xyleem	n	het · mv. xylemen	xylem
vaatbundel	n	de · mv. vaatbundels	vascular bundle
bloedheet	a		hell-hot, sweltering (very hot, and often also humid)
bergtop	n	de · mv. bergtoppen	mountaintop, peak (the summit of a mountain)
bloempot	n	de · mv. bloempotten	a flowerpot, (solid) container in which (flowering) plants are grown
collageen	n	het	collagen
collageen	a		collagenic
ruïne	n	de · mv. ruïnes	ruin
ruïneren	v	ruïneerde – geruïneerd	to ruin, destroy; to ruin financially
deun	n	de · mv. deunen	tune
bloedig	a		bloody (covered in blood, pertaining to bloodshed)
aardappelsalade	n	de · mv. aardappelsalades	potato salad (salad made from chopped boiled potatoes)
gasleiding	n	de · mv. gasleidingen	gas pipeline
waterleiding	n	de · mv. waterleidingen	water pipe; waterworks
gassen	v	gaste – gegast	to hit the gas, to accelerate a motor vehicle; to drive wildly and at high speed
gelegen	a		opportune, timely; located
riool	n	het · mv. riolen	a sewer, drain to remove filth
rioolbuis	n	de · mv. rioolbuizen	sewer pipe
medewerker	n	de · mv. medewerkers	employee
veerboot	n	de · mv. veerboten	ferryboat
stormen	v	stormde – gestormd	to blow strongly; to storm, to move with rage
kustwacht	n	de · mv. kustwachten	coast guard
tyfoon	n	de · mv. tyfoons	typhoon; train horn
terugdringen	v	drong terug – teruggedrongen	to force back, push back
tekort	n	het · mv. tekorten	shortage, deficit
schaars	a		scarce
zuurkast	n	de · mv. zuurkasten	fume hood (a ventilated compartment in a lab, in which chemical procedures…
trekkast	n	de · mv. trekkasten	fume hood
intomen	v	toomde in – ingetoomd	to curb
driekwart	a		three-quarter, three-quarters
Groot-Brittannië	m		Great Britain (a large island (sometimes also including some of the…; Great Britain (the United Kingdom, a kingdom and country in Northern Europe…
Nieuw-Guinea	m		New Guinea (large island)
taifoen	n	de · mv. taifoens	typhoon
competentie	n	de · mv. competenties	competence, ability, capability, fitness, suitability; competence, formal qualification, jurisdiction
tuberculeus	a		tubercular (pertaining to tuberculosis)
fanaticus	n	de · mv. fanatici	a fanatic
muisjes	n		sprinkles of aniseed covered with sugar, commonly used as sandwich topping…
financieel	a		financial
uitblijven	v	bleef uit – uitgebleven	to fail to appear, materialize or occur
krediet	n	het · mv. kredieten	credit
verlof	n	het · mv. verloven	furlough, leave of absence; permission, authorization
uithouden	v	hield uit – uitgehouden	to endure
verlaging	n	de · mv. verlagingen	lowering
morene	n	de · mv. morenen	moraine, deposit of rocks formed by a glacier; glacially formed landscape
plork	n		butterface
justitie	n	de	justice (the branch of government that holds the power of jurisdiction)
Alida	m		a diminutive of the female given name Adelheid
overzetting	n	de · mv. overzettingen	transaction
voortschrijden	v	schreed voort – voortgeschreden	to march forward
zalven	v	zalfde – gezalfd	to anoint
kerstster	n	de · mv. kerststerren	poinsettia, Christmas star (Euphorbia pulcherrima); star of Bethlehem, Christmas star; any star related to Christmas
kwaadschiks	a		with bad grace
erf	n	het · mv. erven	yard (open area adjoining and belonging to a house); heritage, patrimony
weren	v	weerde – geweerd	to hold back, to keep out; to defend oneself, to put up resistance
arrenslee	n	de · mv. arrensleeën	horse-sleigh
engelachtig	a		angelic
weldra	d		soon
sandwichman	n	de · mv. sandwichmannen	sandwichman
necrofilie	n	de	necrophilia
Zeeuws	a		of or related to Zeeland
Zeeuws	m		Zealandic or Zeelandic, language/dialect spoken in Zealand, a province in…
bossen	v	boste – gebost	to tie branches, twigs, plants, or fruits into a bunch; to bust, to burst, to split; to fail
zomers	a		summery; 25 °C or more
zomeravond	n	de · mv. zomeravonden	summer evening
lenteavond	n	de · mv. lenteavonden	spring evening, an evening in the springtime
herfstavond	n	de · mv. herfstavonden	autumn evening
winteravond	n	de · mv. winteravonden	winter evening
flipperspel	n	het · mv. flipperspelen	pinball (game)
ketterij	n	de · mv. ketterijen	heresy; dissension from religious dogma, or by extension from another (e.g.…
koolhydraat	n	het · mv. koolhydraten	carbohydrate (organic compounds group including sugar, starch or cellulose)
analfabeet	n	de · mv. analfabeten	illiterate (person who can read nor write)
cocon	n	de · mv. cocons	cocoon
mokken	v	mokte – gemokt	to sulk; to dook (ferret sound)
pistache	n	de · mv. pistaches	the pistachio tree (Pistacia vera); its greenish, edible nut-like fruit; also sugared etc. as candy
beschuit	n	de · mv. beschuiten	zwieback, rusk
bloedzuiger	n	de · mv. bloedzuigers	a bloodsucker; a leech, blood-sucking annelid; a ruthless exploiter, a slave driver, a pitiless debitor etc
keper	n	de · mv. kepers	a twill, crossed weaving pattern; a type of roof comprising sloped rafters on which horizontal slats are…; a chevron, comprising crossing bands
kaasschaaf	n	de · mv. kaasschaven	cheese slicer (instrument for slicing cheese)
dreadlock	n	de · mv. dreadlocks	dreadlock
Thailander	n	de · mv. Thailanders	Thai (inhabitant of Thailand; person of Thai descent)
zaligen	v	zaligde – gezaligd	to save
paraatheid	n	de	preparedness
ontzeggen	v	ontzei – ontzegd	to deny, to keep from having
femtocandela	n	de · mv. femtocandela's	femtocandela: 10⁻¹⁵ candela
banja	n	de · mv. banja's	banya (Russian sauna)
vree	d		very
welbehagen	n	het	pleasure
peis	n	de	peace
welbemind	a		beloved
negligé	n	het · mv. negligés	négligée, women's nightgown; bathrobe, of a type mainly worn by women
captcha	n	de · mv. captcha's	CAPTCHA
prent	n	de · mv. prenten	a print, a printed picture; a fine; film, movie
volksraad	n	de · mv. volksraden	people's council
gebarentaal	n	de · mv. gebarentalen	a sign language, either in general (without article) or any codified medium…
slee	n	de · mv. sleeën	sled, sleigh, wheelless vehicle which glides on land or ice; a large/prestigious car; blackthorn (Prunus spinosa)
slee	a		stiff, cramped; blunt; sour
heremietkreeft	n	de · mv. heremietkreeften	hermit crab
appelflap	n	de · mv. appelflappen	apple turnover
padel	n	het	padel
Marokkaan	n	de · mv. Marokkanen	Moroccan
astronomisch	a		astronomical (of or relating to astronomy); very large
ka-tzetnik	n	de · mv. ka-tzetniks	an inmate of a Nazi concentration camp
spinner	n	de · mv. spinners	spinner (someone who makes yarn from loose fibers)
obus	n	de · mv. obuss	an artillery shell, particularly one from the First World War
afleg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afleggen
debatteren	v	debatteerde – gedebatteerd	to debate
kortstondig	a		brief, short-lived
liberaal	a		liberal
liberaal	n	de · mv. liberalen	liberal
inneem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of innemen
inneemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of innemen
innam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of innemen
neerleggen	v	legde neer – neergelegd	to lay down; to resign oneself (to)
afkeer	n	de	aversion, antipathy
bestempelen	v	bestempelde – bestempeld	to label
zijzelf	r		herself (subject); themselves (subject)
rechtsgang	n	de	judicial process
manipuleren	v	manipuleerde – gemanipuleerd	to manipulate
splitsing	n	de · mv. splitsingen	bifurcation, splitting
hekje	n	het · mv. hekjes	number sign
afneem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afnemen
afneemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afnemen
afnam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afnemen
inlichten	v	lichtte in – ingelicht	to inform
redactie	n	de · mv. redacties	editorial staff; the act of editing or redacting
presentator	n	de · mv. presentatoren	announcer, host
journaal	n	het · mv. journaals	a TV or radio news program; a logbook of a ship; a notebook for accounting
gedetineerd	a		detained
overtreden	v	overtrad – overtreden	to break, to transgress, to violate
horecagelegenheid	n	de · mv. horecagelegenheden	public venue
hekkensluiter	n	de · mv. hekkensluiters	straggler, trailer, one who comes last
reuzenstap	n	de · mv. reuzenstappen	giant step
veilen	v	veilde – geveild	to auction
drieluik	n	het · mv. drieluiken	triptych; trilogy
afsteken	v	stak af – afgestoken	to remove by inserting a tool; to depart, take off (from the coast); to light (e.g. a match, fireworks)
schril	a		shrill
tegenvallen	v	viel tegen – tegengevallen	to be worse than expected, to disappoint
schrap	a		bracing oneself, tense, ready for impact
klapper	n	de · mv. klappers	clapper (one who claps/applauds); ring binder; something that has a big impact or is successful
inkrimpen	v	kromp in – ingekrompen	to shrink
afluisteren	v	luisterde af – afgeluisterd	to eavesdrop
borgtocht	n	de · mv. borgtochten	suretyship; bail
bezoedelen	v	bezoedelde – bezoedeld	to stain, besmirch, sully
oproep	n	de · mv. oproepen	appeal, entreaty; a call-up
oproep	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oproepen
roodverschuiving	n	de · mv. roodverschuivingen	redshift
sarcastisch	a		sarcastic
singulariteit	n	de · mv. singulariteiten	singularity
instorten	v	stortte in – ingestort	to collapse
evenredig	a		proportional
borduren	v	borduurde – geborduurd	to embroider; to elaborate, to detail further
voortborduren	v	borduurde voort – voortgeborduurd	to embroider further; to build further, to elaborate (on)
blauwverschuiving	n	de · mv. blauwverschuivingen	blueshift
vaststelling	n	de · mv. vaststellingen	determination, observation
aanvulling	n	de · mv. aanvullingen	supplement, addition, replenishment
klus	n	de · mv. klussen	task; odd job
chronisch	a		chronic
roestvrij	a		free of rust; stainless
roltrap	n	de · mv. roltrappen	escalator
drempel	n	de · mv. drempels	a physical threshold; a figurative threshold, such as a limit
passe-partout	n	de · mv. passe-partouts	mat (thick paper or paperboard border used to inset and center the contents…
slons	n	de · mv. slonzen	slob, frump (slovenly person, especially a woman); slut (sexually promiscuous woman)
grimas	n	de · mv. grimassen	grimace
afdwalen	v	dwaalde af – afgedwaald	to wander off, to go astray; to meander, to lose attention
bezielen	v	bezielde – bezield	to give a soul to, to animate; to inspire
pracht	n	de	splendor (US), splendour (UK)
doorgronden	v	doorgrondde – doorgrond	to see through, to comprehend, to unravel (mysteries)
overvloed	n	de · mv. overvloeden	abundance, plenty
fotoreportage	n	de · mv. fotoreportages	photo report, photo reportage (photojournalistic reportage)
overhaast	d		abruptly; in a precipitous manner
babyface	n	de/het · mv. babyfaces	baby face
macaron	n	de · mv. macarons	macaron (pastry)
sterrenhoop	n	de · mv. sterrenhopen	star cluster
sterrenbeeld	n	het · mv. sterrenbeelden	constellation; astrological sign
hemelen	v	hemelde – gehemeld	to hide, to remove; to fix, to repair; to die, with the implication of going to heaven
hemels	a		heavenly, of or pertaining to heaven; heavenly, amazing, sublime
hemeltje	i		synonym of mijn hemel (“my goodness!; heavens!”)
hemelgewelf	n	het	sky, firmament
hemelbol	n	de · mv. hemelbollen	celestial sphere
Kreeftskeerkring	m		Tropic of Cancer
Steenbokskeerkring	m		Tropic of Capricorn
krop	n	de · mv. kroppen	an unhealthy enlargement of a bird's gullet; the head (capitulum) of certain plants, especially lettuce; a tissue growth, a goitre, notably struma
weekblad	n	het · mv. weekbladen	weekly (publication that is published once a week)
scharlakenrood	n	het	the bright-red shade scarlet
afscheid	n	het	farewell
afscheid	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afscheiden
karper	n	de · mv. karpers	carp (Cyprinus carpio); any of various, related freshwater fish species of the family Cyprinidae
mandarijn	n	de · mv. mandarijnen	a mandarin, Far Eastern (notably Chinese Imperial) high official; a pundit, someone in/with authority; a tangerine, a mandarin orange, an orange-like fruit
correctie	n	de · mv. correcties	a correction, rectification; the action or process of correcting; a punishment, sanction
bruinvis	n	de · mv. bruinvissen	any porpoise, marine mammal of the family Phocoenidae (certain small cetacean); harbour porpoise (Phocoena phocoena)
souffleur	n	de · mv. souffleurs	a prompter
zwaardwalvis	n	de · mv. zwaardwalvissen	synonym of orka (“orca”)
vaars	n	de · mv. vaarzen	heifer (cow approximately 2 years old that has not calved)
barrevoets	d		barefoot (wearing no footwear at all)
maandblad	n	het · mv. maandbladen	monthly (publication that is published once a month, possibly excepting one…
ecoterrorist	n	de · mv. ecoterroristen	ecoterrorist
pleegouder	n	de · mv. pleegouders	foster parent
glazen	a		made of glass; glassy, resembling glass
glazen	v	glaasde – geglaasd	to glaze, make look like glass; to polish
wegwijzer	n	de · mv. wegwijzers	a road sign; any other sign giving directions where to go and/or which path/trail/route…; something giving ample directions in a more theoretical field, e.g. a…
nietjesmachine	n	de · mv. nietjesmachines	stapler, mechanical device to attach together papers etc
slabak	n	de · mv. slabakken	a salad bowl (a bowl used to hold lettuce and other salad ingredients); someone who slacks off
kiesman	n	de · mv. kiesmannen	elector, member of an electoral college, e.g. in US presidential elections…
rieten	a		made of straw or reed, wicker
kwab	n	de · mv. kwabben	of human or animal tissue, such as quivering flesh, or a brain lobe; of aquatic plants; Lota vulgaris (burbot)
aansteek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aansteken
scharlaken	n	het · mv. scharlakens	a scarlet laken (woollen cloth); scarlet (the color)
natuurkundige	n	de · mv. natuurkundigen	physicist
roterend	a		rotating
golven	v	golfde – gegolfd	to wave, to move like a wave or in waves, to undulate
voorspel	n	het · mv. voorspelen	prefatory play; prelude; foreplay
ondergaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
onderging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of ondergaan (“to go down”)
optreed	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of optreden
optrad	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of optreden
rotatie	n	de · mv. rotaties	rotation; curl
aantoon	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aantonen
roteren	v	roteerde – geroteerd	to rotate
deining	n	de · mv. deiningen	swell (of the ocean); unrest
tegenspreken	v	sprak tegen – tegengesproken	to talk back, to sass; to contradict
behulp	n	het	help, aid
gieren	v	gierde – gegierd	to screech, to shriek; to roar with laughter, to laugh loudly; to fertilise land with slurry, to spread liquid manure
slingeren	v	slingerde – geslingerd	to sway, to swerve; to fling, to sling; to roll
spoel	n	de · mv. spoelen	spool; inductor
hoeksnelheid	n	de · mv. hoeksnelheden	angular velocity
trilholte	n	de · mv. trilholten	cavity resonator
kapittel	n	het · mv. kapittelen	chapter
proost	i		cheers (toast when drinking); bless you (response to sneezing)
proost	n	de · mv. proosten	provost
suppo	n	de · mv. suppo's	a suppository, a pill to be plugged into a bodily cavity
grammatiker	n	de · mv. grammatikers	grammarian
bombardement	n	het · mv. bombardementen	bombing (bombing from aircraft); bombardment (artillery fire or bombing from the surface)
deontologie	n	de · mv. deontologieën	deontology (school of ethics prescribing consistent adherence to generalised…; professional ethics in relation to a specific profession; a guideline on…
overzichtelijk	a		conveniently and comprehensibly organized; not cluttered; not complicated
stippel	n	de · mv. stippels	a dot, dash, speck
zakdoek	n	de · mv. zakdoeken	tissue, handkerchief
buiging	n	de · mv. buigingen	bow, kowtow; declension
speeltuin	n	de · mv. speeltuinen	a children's playground
schreefloos	a		sans serif
royeren	v	royeerde – geroyeerd	to dismiss, to discharge, to expel
lammeren	v	lammerde – gelammerd	to give birth to lambs
lidmaat	n	de/het · mv. lidmaten	m member of a (usually Protestant) church congregation; n limb, anatomical member of a body, normally used in the plural
autist	n	de · mv. autisten	autist, person with autism
weeskind	n	het · mv. weeskinderen	an orphaned child, an underage orphan
trilogie	n	de · mv. trilogieën	trilogy
hypocrisie	n	de · mv. hypocrisieën	the fake quality hypocrisy (claim, pretense, or false representation of…
volslank	a		slender and curvaceous; well-rounded, well-fed, as euphemism for chubby or fat
leverworst	n	de · mv. leverworsten	liverwurst, a liver sausage
meenemen	v	nam mee – meegenomen	to take along, take away, carry off/along
billenkoek	n	de · mv. billenkoeken	spanking, a beating applied on the buttocks
Galilea	m		Galilee (a mountainous geographic region in northern Israel); a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
kookhok	n	het · mv. kookhokken	simple space for cooking purposes; cooking shed
nabijheid	n	de	proximity
dankzegging	n	de · mv. dankzeggingen	thanksgiving, verbal expression of thanks, esp. in a prayer
uzelf	r		yourself
bemoedigen	v	bemoedigde – bemoedigd	to encourage
waarachtig	a		true, genuine, real; sincere, reliable
waarachtig	d		verily, really
waarachtig	i		verily, truly; holy smokes, bugger me backwards
farizeeër	n	de · mv. farizeeërs	Pharisee
waaien	v	waaide – gewaaid	to blow; to be windy; to wave
vellen	v	velde – geveld	to fell, cut down; to decide, to pronounce
zaaier	n	de · mv. zaaiers	sower
maaier	n	de · mv. maaiers	reaper, mower
consumeren	v	consumeerde – geconsumeerd	to consume, to use
gastvrij	a		hospitable
gastvrij	d		welcomingly
hoveling	n	de · mv. hovelingen	courtier, royal official
typisch	a		typical
tegemoet	d		towards; towards, heading for
tegemoetkomen	v	kwam tegemoet – tegemoetgekomen	to approach, come to meet; to make concessions to
huisgenoot	n	de · mv. huisgenoten	housemate
wonderteken	n	het · mv. wondertekenen	miraculous sign
voorrecht	n	het · mv. voorrechten	privilege (a right that (most) others do not have)
goedheid	n	de · mv. goedheden	goodness
grootheid	n	de · mv. grootheden	greatness; quantity
overstelpen	v	overstelpte – overstelpt	to shower, overwhelm
ronduit	d		frankly, clearly; wholly, completely
aarzelen	v	aarzelde – geaarzeld	to hesitate
logeren	v	logeerde – gelogeerd	to stay (board, lodge); to visit, to sleep over
bovengemiddeld	a		above average
videoclip	n	de · mv. videoclips	music video
naambord	n	het · mv. naamborden	nameplate
Catalaans	a		Catalan, relating to Catalonia, its people and/or their language
Catalaans	m		Catalan, the Romance language of Catalonia
ansjovis	n	de · mv. ansjovissen	an anchovy (small, edible saltwater fish species, especially Engraulis…
vloeistof	n	de · mv. vloeistoffen	a liquid, as opposed to solid - and gaseous (states of) matter; a fluid (any state of matter which can flow)
seksueel	a		sexual, of or relating to sexuality in the wide sense; related to sex or gender
doorsnede	n	de · mv. doorsneden	an intersection (in geometry, in arts, in set theory); intersecting line; a cross section
lader	n	de · mv. laders	one who loads something; an electrical charger for a battery
reep	n	de · mv. repen	a strip, resulting from ripping, cutting etc; a rope; a hoop, ring
klokke	d		exactly at a given time
manken	v	mankte – gemankt	to limp
kluisteren	v	kluisterde – gekluisterd	to fetter, hog-tie or (rather) restrain in remaining movement; to bind, restrict, as by a spell, fascination etc
wisselspanning	n	de · mv. wisselspanningen	alternating voltage
gelijkspanning	n	de · mv. gelijkspanningen	direct/continuous voltage (not alternating)
wisselstroom	n	de · mv. wisselstromen	alternating current
gelijkstroom	n	de · mv. gelijkstromen	direct current
monovolume	n	de · mv. monovolumes	MPV, people carrier
paté	n	de · mv. patés	pâté
onderbuik	n	de · mv. onderbuiken	underbelly (the lower part of the abdominal cavity); vulnerable side, weak spot; gut (seat of visceral and irrational emotions and urges)
Praag	m		Prague (the capital city of the Czech Republic)
ijdel	a		vain, overly proud (of one's appearance, status etc.); idle, in vain, unfounded; petty, mere, insignificant, worthless
snurken	v	snurkte – gesnurkt	to snore
munitie	n	de	ammunition, munition; sharp remarks with which to assault someone
sadisme	n	de	sadism
maalteken	n	het · mv. maaltekens	multiplication sign (symbol denoting multiplication)
huurling	n	de · mv. huurlingen	mercenary (person employed to fight); a player who plays on one team while being employed by another team (who is…
vrijgezel	n	de · mv. vrijgezellen	a bachelor, unmarried (adult or adolescent) male
vrijgezel	a		unmarried, single
fysisch	a		having to do with physics, the natural science
steels	a		furtive, secretive
rechtvaardigheid	n	de · mv. rechtvaardigheden	justice (state or instance of being just or fair)
bolletje	n	het · mv. bolletjes	a small ingestible package for trafficking recreational drugs (see the lemma…
histologie	n	de	histology
amnesie	n	de · mv. amnesieën	amnesia
snorren	v	snorde – gesnord	to produce certain buzzy sounds, notably to hum, roar, purr, whirr; to snoop; to catch (in the act)
viseren	v	viseerde – geviseerd	to aim (with a gun); to target, to direct aim at; to issue with a visa or to grant a passport
alcoholisme	n	het	alcoholism (addictive alcohol abuse)
boutade	n	de · mv. boutades	witticism
stratovulkaan	n	de · mv. stratovulkanen	stratovolcano
Aromaans	m		Aromanian (language)
bloemist	n	de · mv. bloemisten	florist, flowershop keeper
tolken	v	tolkte – getolkt	to interpret (to translate orally)
nederwiet	n	de	weed, marijuana grown in the Netherlands
colbert	n	de/het · mv. colberts	a formal jacket without tails
antifibrinolyticum	n	het · mv. antifibrinolyticums	antifibrinolytic, a drug to inhibit fibrinolysis
accusativus	n	de · mv. accusativi	the accusative case or a word therein
sarcasme	n	het	sarcasm
kalven	v	kalfde – gekalfd	to calve; to give birth to a calf
prijskaartje	n	het · mv. prijskaartjes	price tag
jubileum	n	het · mv. jubilea	jubilee, anniversary
bommen	v	bomde – gebomd	to interest someone, matter to someone
airconditioning	n	de · mv. airconditionings	air conditioning
verzetten	v	verzette – verzet	to move, to shift to another position; to perform, to do; to resist
schijtlaars	n	de · mv. schijtlaarzen	term of abuse for a coward
laarzen	v	laarsde – gelaarsd	to whip or flog, usually with a rope, as historically applied as a…
gelaarsd	a		booted, wearing boots
Maartje	m		a female given name, masculine equivalent Martin
Pieter	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Peter
Jacoba	m		a female given name; a hamlet in Noord-Beveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Josian	m		a female given name
Jannetje	m		a diminutive of the female given names Johanna and Janna
Josien	m		a diminutive of the female given names Josepha and Josephine
Josina	m		a diminutive of the female given names Josepha and Josephine
Leentje	m		a diminutive of the female given names Helena and Lena
Maritje	m		a female given name, a hypocoristic form of Maria
Neeltje	m		a female given name, a nickname for Cornelia
ageren	v	ageerde – geageerd	to act (especially in legal proceedings); to campaign, to fight
borstel	n	de · mv. borstels	brush; bristle
kleurenblindheid	n	de	colour blindness
papegaaien	v	papegaaide – gepapegaaid	to parrot (to repeat without necessarily understanding)
motten	v	motte – gemot	to fight, to row
epifanie	n	de · mv. epifanieën	epiphany
dasspeld	n	de · mv. dasspelden	tiepin
zwaantje	n	het · mv. zwaantjes	a national police officer in a motorcycle-mounted unit
verdoving	n	de · mv. verdovingen	anesthesia
bader	n	de · mv. baders	someone who bathes, is taking a bath, mostly in a river or open water, or in…
fysicus	n	de · mv. fysici	physicist, scientist or amateur student of physics
vrachtkonvooi	n	het · mv. vrachtkonvooien	convoy of loaded vehicles, such as trucks or carts
verpesten	v	verpestte – verpest	to infect, poison; to spoil, ruin; to screw up, botch up
brandstichter	n	de · mv. brandstichters	arsonist
banket	n	het · mv. banketten	a banquet, formal, festive meal; a pastry made of almond paste and puff pastry; any of a variety of sweet pastries
bengelen	v	bengelde – gebengeld	to dangle, swing around loosely
blenderen	v	blenderde – geblenderd	to blender (mix in a blender)
anesthesie	n	de · mv. anesthesieën	anesthesia
supercluster	n	de/het · mv. superclusters	supercluster
drammer	n	de · mv. drammers	nagger, one who nags, someone who appears annoying
bonzen	v	bonsde – gebonsd	to thump, knock; to throb, bounce, pulsate
zweepslag	n	de · mv. zweepslagen	a whip lash, notably as (part of) corporal punishment; any hard or hurtful blow, e.g. verbal; acute pain in the calf as a result of spraining a muscle
verzamelingenleer	n	de	set theory
schalen	v	schaalde – geschaald	to scale, to scale up
aardewerk	n	het · mv. aardewerken	earthenware
aardewerk	a		earthenware
kruik	n	de · mv. kruiken	jug, crock; hot water bottle
breekbaar	a		breakable, fragile
glazuur	n	het	glaze; icing (on a cake); enamel
glasachtig	a		glassy
weeg	n	de · mv. wegen	a wall consisting of a structure of laths and beams with in-between a…; plaited fence; any non-stone wall
grasspriet	n	de · mv. grassprieten	blade of grass
kwantor	n	de · mv. kwantoren	quantifier
deelverzameling	n	de · mv. deelverzamelingen	subset
börek	n	de · mv. böreks	burek
waarschijnlijkheid	n	de · mv. waarschijnlijkheden	probability, likelihood
dobbelen	v	dobbelde – gedobbeld	to throw dice; to gamble in a dice game
kansrekening	n	de · mv. kansrekeningen	probability theory
vlecht	n	de · mv. vlechten	braid, plait
Bosch	m		a hamlet in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands; a former island in the Wadden Sea; a surname
drogreden	n	de · mv. drogredenen	sophism, fallacy
driehoekig	a		triangular
stopbord	n	het · mv. stopborden	stop sign
verkeersbord	n	het · mv. verkeersborden	traffic sign
schoolbord	n	het · mv. schoolborden	blackboard
bordenwisser	n	de · mv. bordenwissers	blackboard eraser
wisser	n	de · mv. wissers	wiper
ruitenwisser	n	de · mv. ruitenwissers	windshield wiper
ruiten	n	de · mv. ruitens	diamonds; a playing card of the diamonds suit
klembord	n	het · mv. klemborden	clipboard (board to hold papers); clipboard (buffer in memory that holds data to be pasted later)
Egyptisch	a		Egyptian
Egyptisch	m		Egyptian (Egyptian language)
aftrap	n	de · mv. aftrappen	kickoff; kickoff, start, beginning
aanmeren	v	meerde aan – aangemeerd	to moor, to berth
feestelijkheid	n	de · mv. feestelijkheden	festivity
honingbij	n	de · mv. honingbijen	honeybee
voorgaand	a		preceding
deplorabel	a		pitiful, lamentable
dienstplicht	n	de	conscription, mandated military service
trekvaart	n	de · mv. trekvaarten	barge-canal, especially for trekschuits
ongerept	a		pristine, unspoilt
overlast	n	de	nuisance, bother
valkenier	n	de · mv. valkeniers	falconer
destillatie	n	de · mv. destillaties	distillation (separation of a substance)
aaseter	n	de · mv. aaseters	scavenger
zelfgemaakt	a		self-made
officieus	a		unofficial; semi-official
gitarist	n	de · mv. gitaristen	guitarist
toetsenist	n	de · mv. toetsenisten	keyboardist
buskruit	n	het	gunpowder
onbegeleid	a		unaccompanied
stuwend	a		driving
afgelast	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
eendje	n	het · mv. eendjes	a duckling, the young of a duck; especially used affectionately
geuzennaam	n	de · mv. geuzennamen	a nickname or title, originally intended as an insult, which has been…
cabrio	n	de · mv. cabrio's	cabriolet: convertible car
gaden	v	gaadde – gegaad	to fit; to correspond; to belong with
gader	d		joint, united
gipsen	a		gypseous
nekken	v	nekte – genekt	to neck, to kill by hitting the neck or strangulation; to eliminate (e.g. a rival), to hurt very badly; to throw up, vomit
coryfee	n	de · mv. coryfeeën	coryphaeus, leader of the chorus in Classical Greek theatre; performing star artist, compare coryphée; one who excels in some discipline
tuchtigen	v	tuchtigde – getuchtigd	to chastise (to subject to disciplinary (especially corporal) punishment)
uitnodiging	n	de · mv. uitnodigingen	invitation; the act of inviting; solicitation, the requesting of a person's…
nagellak	n	de · mv. nagellakken	nail polish
versterker	n	de · mv. versterkers	amplifier
booglamp	n	de · mv. booglampen	arc lamp
noordeling	n	de · mv. noordelingen	northerner; especially someone from the North of the Netherlands; name of a potato variety
aartshertog	n	de · mv. aartshertogen	archduke
aartshertogdom	n	het · mv. aartshertogdommen	archduchy, the title and/or territory of an archduke
hertogdom	n	het · mv. hertogdommen	duchy; dukedom
nesteling	n	de	nesting, the making of a nest; a nestling (chick confined to the nest)
werkman	n	de · mv. werkmannen	workman, (employed) working man; commoner; worker, laborer
burggraaf	n	de · mv. burggraven	keeper of certain castles (and surrounding jurisdictions); viscount, a peerage rank, below graaf (count)
hoppen	v	hopte – gehopt	synonym of huppen (“to hop”); to hop (add hops to beer)
overgrootouder	n	de · mv. overgrootouders	great-grandparent
overgrootvader	n	de · mv. overgrootvaders	great-grandfather
overgrootmoeder	n	de · mv. overgrootmoeders	great-grandmother
vetzuur	n	het · mv. vetzuren	fatty acid
begeleiden	v	begeleidde – begeleid	to accompany; to guide, oversee; to supervise (a student)
opleiden	v	leidde op – opgeleid	to lead up; to bring up, educate; to coach, train
touchscreen	n	het · mv. touchscreens	touch screen (tactile input and output device)
ergeren	v	ergerde – geërgerd	to annoy, to irritate; to be annoyed, to be irritated
brandpuntsafstand	n	de · mv. brandpuntsafstanden	focal length
wasmand	n	de · mv. wasmanden	laundry basket
gamen	v	gamede – gegamed	to play a video game
kinderloos	a		childless
korset	n	de/het · mv. korsetten	a corset, tight undergarment; a medieval precursor; a bothersome constraint, limitations
gematigde	n	de · mv. gematigden	a moderate, opponent of extremism
martelares	n	de · mv. martelaressen	martyr
losbandig	a		licentious, dissolute
bordeel	n	het · mv. bordelen	brothel, bordello
Electra	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
labber	a		weak, soft
toneellaars	n	de · mv. toneellaarzen	cothurnus, a type of boots used by stage performers
toneel	n	het · mv. tonelen	stage, scene, place for a performance in front of an assembled audience; scene, depiction on stage (often in the diminutive) or part of a performance; theatre, the dramatical arts
toneelknecht	n	de · mv. toneelknechten	stagehand
veeknecht	n	de · mv. veeknechten	cowboy, peon, ranchhand, any employee handling livestock
gegroet	i		greetings (when arriving), goodbye (when leaving)
maren	v	maarde – gemaard	to announce, to make known; to say "but", to protest
lusten	v	lustte – gelust	to find tasty, appreciate food; to eat, have on the diet; (by extension) to appreciate, dig, like
valentie	n	de · mv. valenties	valence
pilsen	v	pilste – gepilst	to drink beer
plag	n	de · mv. plaggen	a cut-out sod, an excavated flat piece of top soil grown with grasses or…; a flat, excavated piece of peat
e-reader	n	de · mv. e-readers	e-reader
humeurig	a		moody, temperamental, fickle; in a bad mood
dynastie	n	de · mv. dynastieën	dynasty
peranakan	n	de · mv. peranakans	a person of Chinese ethnicity who is born in the country (notably Indonesia,…
skeer	a		poor; cheap, low-quality
celstraf	n	de · mv. celstraffen	prison sentence, jail term
ontsluieren	v	ontsluierde – ontsluierd	to physically unveil, reveal; to disclose, render public
defilé	n	het · mv. defilés	parade, procession
tiranniek	a		tyrannical, (as) under a tyranny; tyrannous, with the (notably abusive) characteristics of a tyrant
broekschijter	n	de · mv. broekschijters	one, usually a child, who shits in one's pants or trousers; a coward
stangen	v	stangde – gestangd	to tease, to bait, to pester
stroppen	v	stropte – gestropt	to noose, to slip a noose around; to tie, notably into a noose; to entangle, to get stuck, come to a halt
toppen	v	topte – getopt	to top (to cut or remove the top (as of a tree)); to top (to cover on the top or with a top); to top (to excel, to surpass, to beat, to exceed)
wentelen	v	wentelde – gewenteld	to rotate, turn; to rotate, turn over; to revolve, wind
hok	n	het · mv. hokken	a living shelter for domesticated animals such as a kennel, cage, hut or a pen; a closet or small room; a den
vanden	v	vandde – gevand	to visit; to seek, to search for; to test, to try, to trial
dorsten	v	dorstte – gedorst	to thirst; to long
vesten	v	vestte – gevest	to fix, to fasten, to attach; to fortify, to strengthen
hommage	n	de · mv. hommages	homage, hommage
sintel	n	de · mv. sintels	ember
moloch	n	de · mv. molochs	anything large, untransparent and cumbersome, particularly a bureaucratic body; moloch (lizard)
liften	v	liftte – gelift	to hitch a ride, to hitchhike; to receive a facelift; to lift weights
nieuwsbrief	n	de · mv. nieuwsbrieven	newsletter
terugbellen	v	belde terug – teruggebeld	to ring back, to return call
meur	n	de · mv. meuren	stench, foul smell
milonga	n	de · mv. milonga's	milonga, style of dance related to tango; tango session; place for dancing tango
poolster	n	de · mv. poolsterren	pole star
geotherm	n	de · mv. geothermen	geotherm, geoisotherm
biotechnologie	n	de	biotechnology
onderdaan	n	de · mv. onderdanen	subject (i.e. a citizen in a monarchy)
verzinken	v	verzonk – verzonken	to sink away; to coat with zinc, to galvanize
nazaat	n	de · mv. nazaten	descendant; child, scion, spawn
karig	a		scanty; austere
versiersel	n	het · mv. versierselen	decoration, ornament
lossen	v	loste – gelost	to unload; to dump
fraai	a		beautiful, pretty, handsome; nice, fancy
tweetal	n	het · mv. tweetallen	pair, couple
Meers	m		a village in Stein, Limburg, Netherlands
inluiden	v	luidde in – ingeluid	to ring in, herald
voorgaan	v	ging voor – voorgegaan	to lead, precede
recensie	n	de · mv. recensies	a review; a critical edition of a text, a recension; an edition or family of variants of a text
onachtzaamheid	n	de · mv. onachtzaamheden	inattentiveness, carelessness
aandringen	v	drong aan – aangedrongen	to insist, to press on
kettinglijn	n	de · mv. kettinglijnen	catenary
onuitrekbaar	a		nonstretchable
proefschrift	n	het · mv. proefschriften	thesis, dissertation
verheven	a		lofty, exalted, extolled, sublime
luchtig	a		airy; light, lite, notably said of food; lighthearted
fluitketel	n	de · mv. fluitketels	a whistling-kettle, which makes a sharp sound when the boiled water releases…
dystopie	n	de · mv. dystopieën	dystopia
consument	n	de · mv. consumenten	a consumer, who buys and/or uses goods or services
doelverdediger	n	de · mv. doelverdedigers	goalie, goal keeper
almachtig	a		almighty, omnipotent; (the most) mighty, in (almost total) control
hartenjagen	n	het	the card game hearts
Micro$oft	m		Microsoft
betaler	n	de · mv. betalers	payer (one who pays)
vampier	n	de · mv. vampiers	a vampire (folkloric blood-sucking monster); a vampire bat, bat of the subfamily Desmodontinae
vrijwilliger	n	de · mv. vrijwilligers	volunteer (one engaged in volunteering work); voluntary (para)military recruit or soldier, volunteer
vrijwillig	a		voluntary, of one's own accord, of one's own free will
centralist	n	de · mv. centralisten	centralist (advocate of centralised government); telephone dispatcher
onthoofden	v	onthoofdde – onthoofd	to behead, decapitate, notably as capital punishment; to remove the leadership, the brains etc. (from ...)
bilnaad	n	de · mv. bilnaden	buttcrack
naad	n	de · mv. naden	a seam, as where pieces of textile are sewn together; another joint or juncture, notably in construction, mechanics, etc; the gluteal cleft or the vulva
weeshuis	n	het · mv. weeshuizen	an orphanage
bennen	v		synonym of zijn (only the infinitive form zijn itself, not the other…
knappen	v	knapte – geknapt	to crack
daler	n	de · mv. dalers	one who descends, one who goes (climbs, flies, glides) down
nokken	v	nokte – genokt	to stop
Saskia	m		a female given name
blusser	n	de · mv. blussers	one who extinguished fires, an extinguisher
redenen	v	redende – geredend	to speak; to discuss; to reason
maatstreep	n	de · mv. maatstrepen	a musical bar, vertical line across a staff
fulltime	a		full-time
montuur	n	het · mv. monturen	a setting, bezel, frame etc. onto/into which an object is mounted
hoezo	d		in what way, in what respect; why
hoezo	i		how so? how is that?; how/what do you mean?
denkbeeld	n	het · mv. denkbeelden	idea, notion
staf	n	de · mv. staven	staff (stick); staff (employees)
personeel	n	het	staff (employees)
personeel	a		personnel-related
boeket	n	de/het · mv. boeketten	bouquet (of flowers); aroma (e.g. of wine or cigar)
kindermishandeling	n	de · mv. kindermishandelingen	child abuse
huia	n	de · mv. huia's	the huia, †Heteralocha acutirostris
volleyballer	n	de · mv. volleyballers	volleyball player
popster	n	de · mv. popsterren	pop star
troeteldier	n	het · mv. troeteldieren	favourite animal, with the implication it gets spoiled
weblogger	n	de · mv. webloggers	a weblogger
remmen	v	remde – geremd	to brake, slow down; to inhibit
bitteren	v	bitterde – gebitterd	to drink a bitter (liquor)
adembenemend	a		breathtaking
onzekerheid	n	de · mv. onzekerheden	uncertainty; insecurity
onveiligheid	n	de · mv. onveiligheden	insecurity
geef	n	de · mv. geven	gift
terugkijken	v	keek terug – teruggekeken	to look back
korhaan	n	de · mv. korhanen	black cock, male black grouse
schuit	n	de · mv. schuiten	a boat or small ship, usually a flat-bottomed one used for inland navigation…
bussen	v	buste – gebust	to put into a mailbox; to travel by bus
ricine	n	de	ricin
amfetamine	n	de	amphetamine
bestuderen	v	bestudeerde – bestudeerd	to study, investigate
doorvallend	a		penetrating, transmitted (of light)
techniek	n	de · mv. technieken	technique, technical skill; technics; technology
dinosauriër	n	de · mv. dinosauriërs	dinosaur
verduidelijken	v	verduidelijkte – verduidelijkt	to clarify
bedelven	v	bedolf – bedolven	to bury, to cover with earth; to overwhelm
omklemmen	v	omklemde – omklemd	to clasp
vogelachtig	a		birdlike
borstbeen	n	het · mv. borstbeenderen	breastbone, sternum
schaambeen	n	het · mv. schaambeenderen	pubis
treife	a		treyf, non-kosher (being unpermitted food)
matten	v	matte – gemat	to partake in a fist fight; to dull or render mat
edele	n	de · mv. edelen	noble, nobleman, aristocrat
zegen	n	de · mv. zegens	blessing, benediction; boon, anything beneficial; fishing and catching crustaceans
wol	n	de	wool
herfstmaand	n	de · mv. herfstmaanden	autumn month
scherm	n	het · mv. schermen	screen, protection; awning, sunblind; display screen, monitor
emoji	n	de · mv. emoji's	emoji
Wals	m		a hamlet in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
papieren	a		paper (made of paper)
kussengevecht	n	het · mv. kussengevechten	a pillow fight
vorsen	v	vorste – gevorst	to examine, look into; to research scientifically
tranen	v	traande – getraand	to tear, to shed tears
godheid	n	de · mv. godheden	a divinity, deity, male or female; The divine nature of God, notably in monotheistic theology
dapperheid	n	de · mv. dapperheden	courage, braveness as a virtue
decoderen	v	decodeerde – gedecodeerd	to decode, to transpose a coded message in (intel)legible form; to apply technological reversal of encryption, e.g. convert a compressed…
talg	n	de	sebum; skin fat; tallow
dilettantisch	a		like a dilettant(e), amateurish
gilde	n	de/het · mv. gilden	a guild, professional corporation with a legal status and privileges during…; name of certain modern societies
stram	a		stiff, rigid, inflexible
zijden	a		made of silk, silken; like silk, silky
gerechtelijk	a		of or relating to the judiciary, judicial; forensic
gebons	n	het	a thumping, knocking; a throbbing, pulsation
castoreum	n	het	castoreum (exudate from castor sacs)
doorsnijden	v	sneed door – doorgesneden	to keep cutting; to cut in two; to intersect, run through, criss-cross, cut through
opkalefateren	v	kalefaterde op – opgekalefaterd	to improve; to patch up
turen	v	tuurde – getuurd	to gaze (at)
synergetisch	a		synergetic, synergistic
Perzisch	a		Persian, Iranian, relating to Persia, its people and culture; mainly used…; in or relating to the Persian language(s)
Perzisch	m		the Persian language
akoestisch	a		acoustic, acoustical
thermaal	a		thermal
thermostaat	n	de · mv. thermostaten	thermostat
chloor	n	het	chlorine
subsidiëren	v	subsidieerde – gesubsidieerd	to subsidise, to provide subsidies to
maizena	n	de	cornflour, cornstarch, maizena
allegorie	n	de · mv. allegorieën	allegory
lezer	n	de · mv. lezers	a reader, person who reads a text; a reader, device to read one or more parameters, often numerically…
antwoordnummer	n	het · mv. antwoordnummers	a number (telephone, fax etc.) which is intended for receiving replies; a post office box where the recipient rather than the sender pays for postage
bijtgraag	a		mordacious, prone to biting
biljard	n	het · mv. biljarden	quadrillion (10¹⁵)
takahe	n	de · mv. takahe's	a takahē, particularly the South Island takahē, Porphyrio hochstetteri
diplomaat	n	de · mv. diplomaten	a diplomat, accredited in diplomacy to formally represent a government or…; a diplomatic person, who shows tact and insight
hinde	n	de · mv. hindes	a doe or hind; a female deer
pruimen	v	pruimde – gepruimd	to chew tobacco; to (like to) eat, to have taste for
peren	v	peerde – gepeerd	To leave abruptly, to bail (out)
tranerig	a		tearful; weepy
nekslag	n	de · mv. nekslagen	hit in the neck; deathblow
beweegreden	n	de · mv. beweegredenen	motive, reason to do something
rancune	n	de · mv. rancunes	resentment, grudge; rancor
pedagogie	n	de	pedagogy
boel	n	de · mv. boelen	a lot, bunch; mess, disorderly heap; quarrel
balken	v	balkte – gebalkt	to bray, make a donkey's sound; to utter asinine talk; to bawl, cry, weep loudly
huilebalken	v	huilebalkte – gehuilebalkt	to bawl easily, be a crybaby
ontkleden	v	ontkleedde – ontkleed	to undress, disrobe someone or something; The reflexive form zich ontkleden is used as an intransitive form: To…; to 'dismantle' something by removing a cover
obsessief	a		obsessive
lagune	n	de · mv. lagunes	lagoon, shallow body of coastal water
rucola	n	de	arugula, Eruca vesicaria
compartiment	n	het · mv. compartimenten	compartment; train compartment
aanbouw	n	de · mv. aanbouwen	cultivation; annex, extension to a building; construction (act of construction, state of being constructed)
aangorden	v	gordde aan – aangegord	to bestir oneself
aangroeien	v	groeide aan – aangegroeid	to increase; to grow back
aanhebben	v	had aan – aangehad	to have on, to wear (clothing)
squasher	n	de · mv. squashers	squash player
korps	n	het · mv. korpsen	type of unit characterized by equipment, employment, traditions etc; name of a (high) echelon; an organized body of persons, notably hierarchical
statisch	a		static, stationary, concerning a motionless state or object in equilibrium; concerning statics, statical; invariable, constant, immobile
industrieel	a		industrial, concerning an industry or industry in general; produced by an industry, not artisanally
industrieel	n	de · mv. industriëlen	an industrialist, manufacturer; an industrial bond
knuffel	n	de · mv. knuffels	a hug, cuddle; a cuddly animal or other stuffed toy, plushie, soft toy
nulliteit	n	de · mv. nulliteiten	insignificance, negligible value; human zero, cipher, insignificant person
belegen	a		mature, ripe (said of cheese, fruits, etc.)
teleologisch	a		teleological, concerning or applying teleology, either in theological or…; a judge's way to interpret the law by its intent rather than its actual phrasing; containing a purpose or goal
vernis	n	de/het · mv. vernissen	varnish
aanhitsen	v	hitste aan – aangehitst	to incite
aanknopen	v	knoopte aan – aangeknoopt	to tie on to; to enter into, to begin
aanlachen	v	lachte aan – aangelachen	to smile at; to smile on, to be beneficial or favourable
aanlokkelijkheid	n	de · mv. aanlokkelijkheden	alluringness, charm
aanmatiging	n	de · mv. aanmatigingen	arrogance, entitled presumption
aanmerkelijk	a		considerable
aanneembaar	a		plausible, acceptable
aansprakelijk	a		responsible
aanstaand	a		coming, next, future
aanstonds	d		soon; directly, immediately
aanwenden	v	wendde aan – aangewend	to apply, employ
aardrijk	n	het	earth
achterna	d		after, behind, following (in movement)
achteropkomen	v	kwam achterop – achteropgekomen	to overtake, catch up with
achterover	d		backwards, on one's back
adelbrief	n	de · mv. adelbrieven	patent of nobility
afdoend	a		sufficient for a given purpose
afgunst	n	de	jealousy
afhandelen	v	handelde af – afgehandeld	to argue out, settle
afschilderen	v	schilderde af – afgeschilderd	to portray, to paint, to depict; to finish painting
aldra	d		very soon
allengs	d		gradually, slowly
bibliofilie	n	de	bibliophilia
Amsterdammer	n	de · mv. Amsterdammers	Amsterdammer
Amsterdammer	a		of or from Amsterdam
anjelier	n	de · mv. anjelieren	carnation (plant of genus Dianthus)
anjer	n	de · mv. anjers	carnation (plant of genus Dianthus); carnation (pink color)
apotheker	n	de · mv. apothekers	chemist, pharmacist
argeloos	a		unsuspecting
balsem	n	de · mv. balsems	balsam, balm
banaal	a		commonplace, banal
beangstigen	v	beangstigde – beangstigd	to make anxious, to make fearful, to alarm
bedroefd	a		sorrowful, sad; little, paltry
bedrog	n	het	deception, fraud
beelden	v	beeldde – gebeeld	to give an impression of something
beeldje	n	het · mv. beeldjes	statuette
begaan	v	beging – begaan	to walk upon, to tread on; to move upon, to travel on; to commit (e.g. a misdeed)
behaaglijkheid	n	de · mv. behaaglijkheden	agreeableness, pleasantness
behendigheid	n	de · mv. behendigheden	agility, skill, skilfulness
bejagen	v	bejoeg – bejaagd	to hunt after, to hunt on
bekentenis	n	de · mv. bekentenissen	confession; acknowledgement
bekleden	v	bekleedde – bekleed	to clothe; to upholster; to grant someone an official position (such as priesthood)
bekomen	v	bekwam – bekomen	to recover; to please, to be enjoyable
bekoren	v	bekoorde – bekoord	to charm; to captivate
bekorten	v	bekortte – bekort	to shorten
bekwaam	a		capable, competent
beleefdheid	n	de · mv. beleefdheden	politeness
belemmering	n	de · mv. belemmeringen	obstacle
beletten	v	belette – belet	to hinder, prevent
believen	v	beliefde – beliefd	to please, to appease
believen	n	het	[with naar ‘to’] at will, discretion
beminnelijk	a		lovely, with love; warmly
beminnen	v	beminde – bemind	to love
beminnenswaardigheid	n	de	lovableness
stokken	v	stokte – gestokt	to come to a stop, halt
stokje	n	het · mv. stokjes	baton (in a relay race); chopstick; double crochet (US sense)
schort	n	de/het · mv. schorten	apron (article of clothing)
ontzilten	v	ontziltte – ontzilt	to desalinate
babyboomer	n	de · mv. babyboomers	baby boomer
copyshop	n	de · mv. copyshops	copy shop
plakka	n		money
coupure	n	de · mv. coupuren	nominal value of denomination
bepaaldelijk	d		particularly
bepraten	v	bepraatte – bepraat	to talk over, discuss
lommer	n	de/het	shade, shadow; foliage
onderlichaam	n	het · mv. onderlichamen	lower body
berispen	v	berispte – berispt	to scold, reprimand
beroeren	v	beroerde – beroerd	to stir up, to cause unrest in; to touch
berokkenen	v	berokkende – berokkend	to cause, to bring about (something negative)
beschaamd	a		ashamed
besterven	v	bestierf – bestorven	to start to decompose after death; to disappear as if dying
bestijgen	v	besteeg – bestegen	to mount; to climb, to ascend
bestralen	v	bestraalde – bestraald	to shine upon; to irradiate; to treat with radiotherapy
betoveren	v	betoverde – betoverd	to enchant; to fascinate
betrachten	v	betrachtte – betracht	to exercise or consider carefully
beurtelings	d		alternately
beurtelings	a		alternative, alternating
bevallig	a		charming, graceful, demure
bevorderaar	n	de · mv. bevorderaars	patron, promoter
bevreemding	n	de	surprise, astonishment
bewaken	v	bewaakte – bewaakt	to watch over, to guard
beweeglijk	a		mobile
bewieroken	v	bewierookte – bewierookt	to fill or cover with incense; to laud, to hail
bewonen	v	bewoonde – bewoond	to live in, to inhabit
bezinnen	v	bezon – bezonnen	to reflect (i.e. think about); to reconsider, to think carefully
bezwaren	v	bezwaarde – bezwaard	to burden
bijvoegen	v	voegde bij – bijgevoegd	to add, to include, to attach; to enclose
doorn	n	de · mv. doornen	thorn, sharp extremity of a plant; thorn or spike, sharp extremity of a plant developed from a stem or leaf; thorn, a plant that carries thorns
uitblazen	v	blies uit – uitgeblazen	to blow empty; to blow out, extinguish by breathing or draft; to take a breather, rest to recuperate
stadig	a		synonym of gestaag
beeldpunt	n	het · mv. beeldpunten	pixel
alternatief	a		alternative; alternative, deviant
alternatief	n	het · mv. alternatieven	alternative
welig	a		luxuriant
dampdruk	n	de	vapor pressure
versierder	n	de · mv. versierders	a decorator; a male who smoothly picks up dates, such as a womanizer
nihilisme	n	het · mv. nihilismes	nihilism; Nihilism
dorsen	v	dorste – gedorst	to thresh; to thrash
ongelovige	n	de · mv. ongelovigen	a non-believer; an infidel
nekvel	n	het · mv. nekvellen	the scruff of the neck
bloedarmoede	n	de · mv. bloedarmoedes	anemia; lack of fresh blood, of inspiration, innovation, etc
zonnen	v	zonde – gezond	to sunbathe
kauwen	v	kauwde – gekauwd	to chew; to chew up, to form by chewing
slordig	a		sloppy, careless; undisciplined, haphazard; unkempt, untidy, slovenly
smaragden	a		emerald
briefomslag	n	de/het · mv. briefomslagen	an envelope, fit to post a letter in
tormentil	n	de	tormentil (Potentilla erecta, syn. Potentilla tormentilla)
salp	n	de · mv. salpen	salp, any member of the class Thaliacea
feut	n	de · mv. feuten	freshman
faal	n	de · mv. falen	failure, mistake, blunder
faal	i		fail
voortzetting	n	de · mv. voortzettingen	continuation
kwetsuur	n	de · mv. kwetsuren	a physical wound, lesion
schaamhaar	n	het · mv. schaamharen	a single pubic hair; pubic hair, hairgrowth in the pubic region
meditatie	n	de · mv. meditaties	meditation
Schonen	m		Scania (a former province, historical region, and peninsula in Sweden,…
plombe	n	de · mv. plombes	lead seal; filling
paleontoloog	n	de · mv. paleontologen	paleontologist
materieel	a		material
materieel	n	het	materiel
religiositeit	n	de · mv. religiositeiten	religiosity
verdedigbaar	a		arguable, justifiable; defensible, defendable
antropologisch	a		anthropological
bezwering	n	de · mv. bezweringen	oath; exorcism; conjuration, incantation
alchemie	n	de	alchemy
tovenarij	n	de · mv. tovenarijen	sorcery
doorsneden	a		divided into two equal parts horizontally, per fess
houtsnede	n	de · mv. houtsneden	woodcut, wood engraving
spiritisme	m		spiritism
fluiter	n	de · mv. fluiters	a fluter, flute player, flutist; a whistler; whistleblower
Colchis	m		Colchis (a historical region and ancient Georgian kingdom on the coast of…
herdenking	n	de · mv. herdenkingen	commemoration
kapitaalmarkt	n	de · mv. kapitaalmarkten	capital market
geldmarkt	n	de · mv. geldmarkten	money market
rommelmarkt	n	de · mv. rommelmarkten	flea market
pakket	n	het · mv. pakketten	kit, packet; package, bundle
adverteerder	n	de · mv. adverteerders	advertiser
gedwongen	a		forced, unnatural, artificial; uneasy, stiff, painfully posh
zwarte	n	de · mv. zwarten	a black person, especially a (sub-Saharan) African
facebooker	n	de · mv. facebookers	facebooker, a person using Facebook
kwartier	n	het · mv. kwartieren	a quarter of an hour, i.e. 15 minutes; the quarter(s) at (a) person(s)'s disposal to live in; one's living quarters
lipgloss	n	de	lip gloss
geografisch	a		geographic, geographical
geografisch	d		geographically
nochtans	d		nevertheless
herontdekking	n	de · mv. herontdekkingen	rediscovery
deksels	i		darn!; boy!
deksels	a		darned, bloody
xenofobie	n	de · mv. xenofobieën	xenophobia, hatred and/or pathological fear towards strangers or foreigners
hiv	n	het	HIV
boost	n	de · mv. boosts	a boost (impulse, stimulus, push)
katholicisme	n	het	Catholicism
christendom	n	het	Christianity
verrijzenis	n	de · mv. verrijzenissen	resurrection
prediking	n	de · mv. predikingen	preaching
kruisdood	n	de	crucifixion
evangelie	n	het · mv. evangeliën	gospel
belijden	v	beleed – beleden	to confess; to profess
monotheïstisch	a		monotheistic
aankondiging	n	de · mv. aankondigingen	announcement, notice
protestantisme	n	het · mv. protestantismen	Protestantism
epidemiologisch	a		epidemiologic, epidemiological
netelig	a		tricky, nettlesome
gelofte	n	de · mv. geloften	vow
wispelturig	a		fickle, capricious
sacharose	n	de · mv. sacharosen	sucrose
doorschijnend	a		translucent
deernis	n	de · mv. deernissen	pity, compassion
deerniswekkend	a		meagre (UK), meager (US), paltry; pitiful, pathetic, rousing pity
meelijwekkend	a		causing pity or sympathy; pitiful, pathetic
verplichten	v	verplichtte – verplicht	to oblige, compel, force; to affiliate, to unite
gehoorzaamheid	n	de	obedience
gehoorzaam	a		obedient
controversieel	a		controversial
verschuldigd	a		owed, indebted, liable
leerstelling	n	de · mv. leerstellingen	dogma
ultiem	a		ultimate
stiel	n	de · mv. stielen	a métier, professional/expert skills; a profession, job
schildknaap	n	de · mv. schildknapen	squire, a knight's attendant and/or apprentice; acolyte, sidekick, helper
inhoudsopgave	n	de · mv. inhoudsopgaven	table of contents
boxplot	n	de · mv. boxplots	box plot
ketters	a		heretic, heretical
katholiek	n	de · mv. katholieken	Catholic
katholiek	a		Catholic
traditie	n	de · mv. tradities	tradition
religieus	a		religious
perspectief	n	het · mv. perspectieven	perspective
spiritueel	a		spiritual
onbeteugeld	a		unbridled
goddelijk	a		divine, godlike
ritueel	a		ritual
ritueel	n	het · mv. rituelen	ritual
verstandelijk	a		intellectual
instemming	n	de · mv. instemmingen	agreement; approval
samenwerken	v	werkte samen – samengewerkt	to cooperate, collaborate
gelovige	n	de · mv. gelovigen	believer, convert
gelovig	a		religious, believing, faithful
gunnen	v	gunde – gegund	to think someone deserves something, to witness or acknowledge someone's…; to award, to grant (of orders, tenders, etc.); to give, usually out of benevolence or grace
mikmak	n	de	hodgepodge, mishmash
dauw	n	de	dew
dauwpunt	n	het	dewpoint
misbruiker	n	de · mv. misbruikers	abuser
misbruikster	n	de · mv. misbruiksters	abuser (femimine form of misbruiker)
wiri	n	de · mv. wiri's	marijuana, weed; a scraper ideophone made of a metal bar, traditionally used in music from…
penisnijd	n	de	penis envy, the alleged desire by a woman to possess male genitalia; macho rivalry
nijd	n	de	envy, jealousy; envious or general anger
bestelwagen	n	de · mv. bestelwagens	delivery van
rechtsgeleerde	n	de · mv. rechtsgeleerden	jurist, jurisconsult
theologisch	a		theological
verhandeling	n	de · mv. verhandelingen	treatise
twisten	v	twistte – getwist	to fight, to quarrel
veroordeelde	n	de · mv. veroordeelden	person who has been sentenced
oplaai	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oplaaien
oplaait	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oplaaien
vermaard	a		renowned
etsen	v	etste – geëtst	to etch; to corrode with chemicals
juridisch	a		juridical
volkenrecht	n	het	international law, international public law
vrijhandel	n	de	free trade
terugvinden	v	vond terug – teruggevonden	to retrieve
rechtsgeschiedkundige	n	de · mv. rechtsgeschiedkundigen	legal historian
publiekrecht	n	het · mv. publiekrechten	public law
bepleiten	v	bepleitte – bepleit	to plead, to advocate
pleit	n	het · mv. pleiten	lawsuit
durven	v	durfde – gedurfd	to dare (do), to not be afraid (to do); to dare (to), to not be afraid to
natuurrecht	n	het · mv. natuurrechten	natural law
autonoom	a		autonomous
pensionaris	n	de · mv. pensionarissen	a pensioner, recipient of an annual pension; this may be an actual…; a pensionary, major public official receiving an annual fee for his…
begaafdheid	n	de · mv. begaafdheden	talent
leermeester	n	de · mv. leermeesters	instructor
filoloog	n	de · mv. filologen	philologist
gezantschap	n	het · mv. gezantschappen	legation
onderhoudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
onderhield	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of onderhouden (“to submerge”)
onderhoudend	a		amusing, entertaining
corresponderen	v	correspondeerde – gecorrespondeerd	to correspond (communicate by letter); to correspond, to agree
verdienstelijk	a		meritorious, commendable, deserving
onverdienstelijk	a		undeserving, unworthy
moeilijkheid	n	de · mv. moeilijkheden	difficulty
verenigbaar	a		compatible
predestinatie	n	de · mv. predestinaties	predestination
onovertroffen	a		unsurpassed
huwelijksnacht	n	de · mv. huwelijksnachten	wedding night
zinnelijkheid	n	de · mv. zinnelijkheden	sensuality
zinnelijk	a		sensual
gestalte	n	de · mv. gestalten	figure, shape, appearance; stature
ijveren	v	ijverde – geijverd	to devote oneself to
omzetting	n	de · mv. omzettingen	conversion (the process of converting things from one state to another); translation
beslechten	v	beslechtte – beslecht	to settle, to decide (a conflict)
ijlings	d		hastily
roemrucht	a		renowned, glorious
toelage	n	de · mv. toelagen	grant-in-aid, subsidy
bekostiging	n	de · mv. bekostigingen	defrayment
stelt	n	de · mv. stelten	stilt (either of two poles with footrests that allow someone to stand or…
wettigheid	n	de	legality
wettig	a		lawful, legal
wrok	n	de · mv. wrokken	rancor (US), rancour (UK); resentment, grudge
verteren	v	verteerde – verteerd	to digest; to spend, consume
vroomheid	n	de · mv. vroomheden	piety
besteller	n	de · mv. bestellers	a client who orders or has ordered something; a deliverer of orders
zuipschuit	n	de · mv. zuipschuiten	a boozer, who tends to drink (too) much
frak	n	de · mv. frakken	a chic jacket with long coattails
brodden	v	brodde – gebrod	to repair with patches, to patch; to bumble, to mess up (one's handcrafted work) (generally relating to…
Deuteronomium	m		Deuteronomy (book of the Bible)
Jozua	m		Joshua (book of the Hebrew Bible); Joshua (Biblical character)
Rechters	m		Judges (book of the Bible)
rotsig	a		rocky
spreiden	v	spreidde – gespreid	to spread
heksen	v	hekste – gehekst	to employ witchcraft; to hex, bewitch; to perform amazingly, as if disposing of witchcraft
katapult	n	de · mv. katapulten	catapult; slingshot
voorvader	n	de · mv. voorvaders	progenitor
toet	i		beep, honk
toet	n	de · mv. toeten	face (especially of a child)
gejaagd	a		hurried, nervous, agitated
schuwen	v	schuwde – geschuwd	to shun, eschew
klimatoloog	n	de · mv. klimatologen	climatologist
klimatologisch	a		climatological
klimatologie	n	de	climatology
broeikasgas	n	het · mv. broeikasgassen	greenhouse gas
voortkomen	v	kwam voort – voortgekomen	to originate (from)
aquatisch	a		aquatic
vors	n	de · mv. vorsen	frog
tranendal	n	het · mv. tranendalen	a vale of tears, a place of sorrow
mycologie	n	de	mycology
grenen	a		redwood, made of pinewood
elektro-encefalogram	n	het · mv. elektro-encefalogrammen	electroencephalogram
tarief	n	het · mv. tarieven	fee, rate
voorwoord	n	het · mv. voorwoorden	foreword
evenwel	c		however
eenvormig	a		uniform
oprichting	n	de · mv. oprichtingen	establishment, founding
kernenergie	n	de	nuclear energy
doeleinde	n	het · mv. doeleinden	aim, objective, end
doelen	v	doelde – gedoeld	to aim; to allude, hint
fuseren	v	fuseerde – gefuseerd	to fuse, to merge
hoogleraar	n	de · mv. hoogleraars	professor
gerechtsbode	n	de · mv. gerechtsbodes	a bailiff, lowly court official
bibliografie	n	de · mv. bibliografieën	bibliography
schematisch	a		schematic (represented in an oversimplified way)
giecheltje	n	het · mv. giecheltjes	mouth
vreetmolen	n	de · mv. vreetmolens	mouth
vreten	v	vrat – gevreten	to eat savagely, stuff, hog, wolf (down), gobble
vreten	n	het	food
smalspoor	n	het · mv. smalsporen	narrow gauge railway
sporen	v	spoorde – gespoord	to spur; to agree, to align; to be sane
veelvraat	n	de · mv. veelvraten	wolverine (Gulo gulo); fox moth (Macrothylacia rubi); glutton
coauteur	n	de · mv. coauteurs	coauthor, cowriter
passie	n	de · mv. passies	passion (emotion); passion (something one enthuses about); passion (suffering)
administrateur	n	de · mv. administrateurs	administrator, manager, in particular a bookkeeper or accountant (person in…
evangelisatie	n	de · mv. evangelisaties	evangelisation (UK), evangelization (US) (activity of evangelising); an orthodox Protestant club that engages in evangelisation or orthodox…
jarenlang	a		lasting for years, yearslong
jarenlang	d		for years
genootschap	n	het · mv. genootschappen	society, association
emiraat	n	het · mv. emiraten	an emirate, state or territory ruled by an emir; the office of emir, whether a ruler, general or other leader
omzeilen	v	omzeilde – omzeild	to get around, bypass; to make a detour while sailing; to sail around
resulteren	v	resulteerde – geresulteerd	to result
telefoonlijn	n	de · mv. telefoonlijnen	telephone line
comprimeren	v	comprimeerde – gecomprimeerd	to compress
vreden	v	vreedde – gevreed	synonym of bevredigen
hossen	v	hoste – gehost	to dance and bounce about arm in arm
bergère	n	de · mv. bergères	wing chair
faxen	v	faxte – gefaxt	to fax (send a fax)
telefacsimile	n	de · mv. telefacsimiles	fax
uurwerk	n	het · mv. uurwerken	clock; watch
polshorloge	n	het · mv. polshorloges	wristwatch
compressie	n	de · mv. compressies	compression
optisch	a		optic, optical
zenuw	n	de · mv. zenuwen	nerve
zenuwstelsel	n	het · mv. zenuwstelsels	nervous system
stelsel	n	het · mv. stelsels	system (collection of organized items); system (a set of equations); galaxy (system of stars)
bloedvatenstelsel	n	het · mv. bloedvatenstelsels	circulatory system
luchtwegstelsel	n	het · mv. luchtwegstelsels	respiratory system
maag-darmstelsel	n	het · mv. maag-darmstelsels	digestive system
vervelen	v	verveelde – verveeld	to annoy, to pester; to bore; inspire boredom in somebody
verveeld	a		bored
coderen	v	codeerde – gecodeerd	to encode, encrypt; to write (computer) code
codering	n	de · mv. coderingen	encoding
doorsturen	v	stuurde door – doorgestuurd	to send onwards, to forward
telexen	v	telexte – getelext	to telex
telefax	n	de · mv. telefaxen	fax
slingerklok	n	de · mv. slingerklokken	pendulum clock
klokje	n	het · mv. klokjes	a bellflower; a plant of the family Campanulaceae; any of various lifeforms somewhat resembling a bell
torsie	n	de · mv. torsies	torsion
infrastructuur	n	de · mv. infrastructuren	infrastructure
droger	n	de · mv. drogers	dryer (appliance)
kunsthal	n	de · mv. kunsthallen	arts venue
prins-gemaal	n	de · mv. prins-gemalen	prince consort
gemaal	n	de · mv. gemaals	a consort; a husband; the act or process of grinding (of grain)
weerspiegeling	n	de · mv. weerspiegelingen	reflection
verrijzen	v	verrees – verrezen	to arise
voltooiing	n	de · mv. voltooiingen	accomplishment, completion
concertzaal	n	de · mv. concertzalen	concert hall
aanvaardbaar	a		acceptable, permissible, allowable
nagalm	n	de · mv. nagalmen	echo
terrorisme	n	het	terrorism
mompelen	v	mompelde – gemompeld	to mumble
constructief	a		constructive, conducive to improvement; pertaining to construction
isoleren	v	isoleerde – geïsoleerd	to insulate; to isolate; to isolate oneself
wiskundige	n	de · mv. wiskundigen	mathematician
wiskundig	a		mathematical
levensloop	n	de · mv. levenslopen	course of life; curriculum vitae
overdreven	a		excessive, exaggerated
romantiseren	v	romantiseerde – geromantiseerd	to romanticize (US), romanticise (UK)
overname	n	de · mv. overnamen	takeover
overname	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overnemen
prestigieus	a		prestigious
onderwijskundig	a		educational
rebellie	n	de · mv. rebellieën	rebellion
bezeten	a		possessed; obsessed
onvoldoende	a		insufficient, not enough; failing (of marks, grading)
onvoldoende	n	de · mv. onvoldoendes	failing grade
retoriek	n	de · mv. retorieken	rhetoric
overdoen	v	deed over – overgedaan	to do over, to do again; to transfer, to sell; to cover with a layer of paint
onderkennen	v	onderkende – onderkend	to be aware of, to understand the importance of
samenvat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
hartslag	n	de · mv. hartslagen	a heartbeat; the heart rate, the rhythm of a beating heart; a moving force, 'engine'
kusser	n	de · mv. kussers	a kisser, one who is kissing and/or versed in it
bagatel	n	de · mv. bagatellen	a negligible sum, a tiny amount; trinket; trifle, futility
kleed	n	het · mv. kleden	cloth; rug, mat; plumage
gelijke	n	de · mv. gelijken	an equal, e.g. in rank, experience, prestige
lipide	n	het · mv. lipiden	lipid
avontuurlijk	a		like an adventure, dangerous, eventful, exciting; daring, adventurous, accepting risks
schouwen	v	schouwde – geschouwd	to inspect formally, as with an honor guard; to examine physically, as in forensics; to see mentally
onbekende	n	de · mv. onbekenden	stranger, non-acquaintance, someone neither known nor trusted to the person…; The unknown, what one is not familiar with
periodiek	n	de · mv. periodieken	periodical
periodiek	a		periodic
periodiek	d		periodically
levensverzekering	n	de · mv. levensverzekeringen	life insurance
lijfrenteverzekering	n	de · mv. lijfrenteverzekeringen	annuity (insurance policy)
begunstigde	n	de · mv. begunstigden	beneficiary
luchtfoto	n	de · mv. luchtfoto's	aerial photograph
veerman	n	de · mv. veerlieden	ferryman
Catharijne	m		a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands; a female given name, equivalent to English Catherine
verzanding	n	de · mv. verzandingen	the process of becoming clogged with sand; the formation of sand deposits
knapzak	n	de · mv. knapzakken	bindle or other food bag (traveler's food bag, often a piece cloth tied to a…
snoge	n	de · mv. snoges	a (usually Sephardic) synagogue
lieven	v	liefde – geliefd	to love; to care about, to like; to value
zwijnen	v	zwijnde – gezwijnd	to be lucky
lichten	v	lichtte – gelicht	to raise, to lift up; to empty out; to illuminate, shine light
buurten	v	buurtte – gebuurt	to visit a neighbour
fragmenteren	v	fragmenteerde – gefragmenteerd	to fragment
vensterbank	n	de · mv. vensterbanken	windowsill
luchtruim	n	het · mv. luchtruimen	airspace
ruimen	v	ruimde – geruimd	to make more spacious; to empty, to evacuate; to put away, to tidy up
luchtdruk	n	de · mv. luchtdrukken	atmospheric pressure
drukker	n	de · mv. drukkers	printer (someone who prints); snap (fastening device)
capaciteit	n	de · mv. capaciteiten	capacity
efficiëntie	n	de	efficiency
keuring	n	de · mv. keuringen	check, certification
fragmentatie	n	de · mv. fragmentaties	fragmentation
modernisering	n	de · mv. moderniseringen	modernisation (UK), modernization (US)
commissie	n	de · mv. commissies	commission
implementatie	n	de · mv. implementaties	implementation
reflecteren	v	reflecteerde – gereflecteerd	to reflect
consultatie	n	de · mv. consultaties	consultation
optimaliseren	v	optimaliseerde – geoptimaliseerd	to optimise (UK), optimize (US)
sjofel	a		shabby, poor
fabel	n	de · mv. fabelen	a legend, a fable; something untrue, a fable, a myth
fijnstof	n	het	particulate matter
stoffen	v	stofte – gestoft	to dust, to remove dust from
stoffen	a		fabric (made of fabric)
discussie	n	de · mv. discussies	discussion, debate
mondiaal	a		global, worldwide
klimaat	n	het · mv. klimaten	climate, long-term weather type; climate, mentality
inademing	n	de · mv. inademingen	inhalation
toxicologisch	a		toxicological
morbiditeit	n	de · mv. morbiditeiten	morbidity
primair	a		primary
fossiel	n	het · mv. fossielen	fossil; someone with very old fashioned ideas, a dinosaur
fossiel	a		fossil
zwaveldioxide	n	het · mv. zwaveldioxides	sulfur dioxide
verzuren	v	verzuurde – verzuurd	to acidify, to become acidic; to acidify, to make acidic
zuurtje	n	het · mv. zuurtjes	a hard sour-tasting sweet
vluchtig	a		volatile (evaporating readily); superficial (shallow, not thorough); fleeting
hechten	v	hechtte – gehecht	to attach, to bind; to suture, to stitch
wegdek	n	het · mv. wegdekken	pavement, paving, road surface
gedroogd	a		dried
houtkachel	n	de · mv. houtkachels	wood-burning stove
alsmede	c		as well as
zeezout	n	het	sea salt
opstellen	v	stelde op – opgesteld	to arrange, line up; to formulate
betwist	a		disputed
toezicht	n	het · mv. toezichten	supervision, oversight
prehistorie	n	de	prehistory
vuurwerk	n	het · mv. vuurwerken	fireworks
hyponiem	n	het · mv. hyponiemen	hyponym
bestrijken	v	bestreek – bestreken	to smear, spread; to cover, to be spread across; to reach, to cover (a location or distance)
uiterste	n	het · mv. uitersten	extreme, outermost, limit
Iberisch	a		Iberian
Oostzee	m		Baltic Sea (a sea in Northern Europe, an arm of the Atlantic enclosed by…
industrialiseren	v	industrialiseerde – geïndustrialiseerd	to industrialise (UK), industrialize (US)
bosbouw	n	de	forestry, silviculture
zonne-energie	n	de	solar energy
bliksemschicht	n	de · mv. bliksemschichten	lightning bolt
glashelder	a		crystal clear, very easy to see through physically; obvious, easily intelligible
eendekker	n	de · mv. eendekkers	monoplane
eensklaps	d		suddenly
porrie	a		rotten
porrie	n	de	waste of a bulb nursery; power; force
Sier	m		a surname, also common in Wallonia
Poolse	n	de · mv. Poolsen	Pole (female)
hangijzer	n	het · mv. hangijzers	an iron hanger to suspend objects from
dorser	n	de · mv. dorsers	one who threshes; a threshing-machine
gelover	n	de · mv. gelovers	a believer, who accepts something to be true, notably without solid proof
naaktheid	n	de · mv. naaktheden	the naked state or nude condition, nudity
Mynheer	m		a surname
gelaatskleur	n	de · mv. gelaatskleuren	facial color, colour of the face; the fleshy color carnation
paardenkracht	n	de · mv. paardenkrachten	horsepower
ges	n	de · mv. gessen	G-flat
kaakslag	n	de · mv. kaakslagen	a smack on the jaw, blow in the face; a hurtful, gross insult, symbolic abuse in word or deed
Obadja	m		Obadiah
gasthuis	n	het · mv. gasthuizen	hospital
kliniek	n	de · mv. klinieken	a clinic, type of hospital or other medical facility for outpatient treatment
schokken	v	schokte – geschokt	to shake, shiver; to (administer a) shock physically; to shock, disturb, startle
flitspaal	n	de · mv. flitspalen	speed camera (camera to detect speeding vehicles)
kaneelstokje	n	het · mv. kaneelstokjes	penis
nuchter	a		empty; having neither eaten nor drunk anything; sober, not drunk
nuchter	d		matter-of-factly
Negerhollands	m		Negerhollands (extinct creole language)
Negerhollands	a		pertaining to Negerhollands
oratorium	n	het · mv. oratoria	an oratorio, a religiously-themed semi-operatic form of music; a prayer room or small chapel
kansspel	n	het · mv. kansspelen	a game of chance, entirely depending on luck; a gamble, a risky business
hiphop	n	de	hip-hop
verdrinken	v	verdronk – verdronken	to drown (to (cause to) die of suffocation while submerged); to drown (to submerge completely in liquid); to drown, drown out (to seemingly disappear in a mass)
jodelen	v	jodelde – gejodeld	to yodel
kerkelijk	a		ecclesiastic; (used attributely) church; believing, adhering to (a specific) church
ork	n	de · mv. orken	synonym of orka (“killer whale, orca”); orc
besnijden	v	besneed – besneden	to circumcise
waterhond	n	de · mv. waterhonden	water dog
sleutelhanger	n	de · mv. sleutelhangers	keychain
abdis	n	de · mv. abdissen	an abbess (female superior of certain nunneries)
Fraenkel	m		a Dutch surname
masseren	v	masseerde – gemasseerd	to (give a) massage; to work on, prepare, position etc.; notably in billiards, give a head-shot…
aftelbaar	a		countable
ongedwongen	a		unforced, free; not unnatural, spontaneous, easy
biechtvader	n	de · mv. biechtvaders	father confessor, confessor (priest who administers the sacrament of…
overaftelbaar	a		uncountable
omhaal	n	de · mv. omhalen	hustle, ceremony; verbiage, redundancy; bicycle kick
Azerbeidzjan	m		Azerbaijan (a country in the South Caucasus in Asia and Europe)
ingewijde	n	de · mv. ingewijden	an initiate, an adept; an insider
worsteling	n	de · mv. worstelingen	something to be wrestled with; struggle
gastheer	n	de · mv. gastheren	host (someone who receives guests); host organism (organism that hosts another organism, such as a parasite); host (smartly dressed, presentable employee who welcomes and aids guests at…
schorsing	n	de · mv. schorsingen	a suspension, interrupting a proceeding; a suspended status, notably as a sanction
afzondering	n	de	seclusion, isolation
demagoog	n	de · mv. demagogen	a demagogue
posologie	n	de	posology
verdichtingspunt	n	het · mv. verdichtingspunten	limit point
bijectie	n	de · mv. bijecties	bijection
surjectief	a		surjective
voetballen	v	voetbalde – gevoetbald	to play soccer/football
gelijkwaardig	a		equivalent
decompositie	n	de · mv. decomposities	decomposition; structural decomposition
welordening	n	de · mv. welordeningen	well-ordering
strikt	a		strict
strikt	d		strictly
Koreaans	a		Korean; Koreanic
Koreaans	m		Korean language
hemisfeer	n	de · mv. hemisferen	a hemisphere, half-sphere, notably half the planet Earth
polyglotte	n	de · mv. polyglottes	a female polyglot, a woman who has command of multiple languages
dierbaar	a		dear, prized by someone; highly/morally moving, touching
Spanjaard	n	de · mv. Spanjaarden	a Spaniard, person belonging to or descended from the (Romance) people of Spain
noordwest	d		northwest; towards the northwest
vrijbrief	n	de · mv. vrijbrieven	a written permit; originally, a historical license granted by a state to a…; a free hand
zuidwest	d		southwest; towards the southwest
lakei	n	de · mv. lakeien	a lackey, a footman, a liveried servant, an attendant; a flunky, servile follower
slaafje	n	het · mv. slaafjes	the diminutive of slaaf (slave); a flunky, slavish follower etc
ringvinger	n	de · mv. ringvingers	the ring finger, between the middle finger and little finger
bestelformulier	n	het · mv. bestelformulieren	an order form, an ordering form
formulier	n	het · mv. formulieren	a form, a formally standardized (often printed) document to fill out in…
oudste	n	de · mv. oudsten	elder; a preacher in early and conservative Mennonitism who was allowed to…
Fransen	n		a surname
Zwitsers	a		Swiss
koraal	n	het · mv. koralen	coral (any of various coralline tiny organisms of the class Anthozoa,…; coral (calceous substance produced by coralline organisms while building…; bead made from or resembling natural coral
Ier	n	de · mv. Ieren	inhabitant of Ireland, Irishman
geiten	v	geitte – gegeit	to act girlishly, esp. to giggle a lot
Zuid-Afrikaans	a		South African (pertaining to South Africa or South African people)
Zuid-Afrikaans	m		the Afrikaans language (avoided by specialists)
Zuid-Australië	m		Southern Australia; South Australia (a state of Australia, located in the central southern part…
wenen	v	weende – geweend	to cry, weep, shed tears
scheuren	v	scheurde – gescheurd	to tear (rend); to tear driving, to drive at breakneck speed
clausule	n	de · mv. clausules	a clause, provision, stipulation in a contract, law etc
Belgische	n	de · mv. Belgischen	Belgian woman
stalen	a		steel, made of steel
stalen	v	staalde – gestaald	To toughen, harden; to steel
constructie	n	de · mv. constructies	construction
opbouwen	v	bouwde op – opgebouwd	to build, to build up; to increase, to phase in
uitvergroten	v	vergrootte uit – uitvergroot	to enlarge
uitvergroot	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
stommeling	n	de · mv. stommelingen	a dumb-ass, dunce, duffer, stupid person
gehuwde	n	de · mv. gehuwden	a married person
gehuwd	a		married, joined by marriage; married, having a (living) spouse (or several)
onderdanig	a		submissive, obedient in a servile manner
honds	a		(rare) canine, relating to dogs; insolent, impertinent, shameless; rude, coarse, insulting
wetsteen	n	de · mv. wetstenen	a whetstone
programmablad	n	het · mv. programmabladen	a program guide, usually a weekly
uitbeelden	v	beeldde uit – uitgebeeld	to represent, portray, depict
Servië	m		Serbia (a country on the Balkan Peninsula in Southeastern Europe)
paviljoen	n	het · mv. paviljoenen	pavilion; hospital ward
Allerzielen	m		All Souls' Day (November 2nd)
Amazone	m		Amazon (South American river)
Amazone	n	de · mv. Amazonen	Amazon (mythological female warrior)
Argentijn	n	de · mv. Argentijnen	a person from Argentina
attractie	n	de · mv. attracties	attraction
Arubaan	n	de · mv. Arubanen	inhabitant of Aruba; person of Aruban descent
icoon	n	de · mv. iconen	an icon (religious image of a saint); an icon (small picture)
Duinkerke	m		Dunkirk (a town in Nord department, Hauts-de-France, France)
ruimtevaarttijdperk	n	het · mv. ruimtevaarttijdperken	space age
geaaid	a		petted
futuristisch	a		futuristic (resembling something from the distant future; resembling…; futuristic (pertaining to futurism)
bouwwerk	n	het · mv. bouwwerken	a building, construction (i.e. something which has been built/constructed)
spektakel	n	het · mv. spektakels	spectacle
dermate	d		so (to such an extent)
overeind	d		standing; into a standing state
getouwtrek	n	het	tug of war
restaureren	v	restaureerde – gerestaureerd	to restore
sedert	c		since
sedert	p		since
trekpleister	n	de · mv. trekpleisters	attraction (e.g. for tourists)
toeristisch	a		touristic
vormgeving	n	de · mv. vormgevingen	design
dynamiteren	v	dynamiteerde – gedynamiteerd	to dynamite
dynamiet	n	het	dynamite
achteloos	a		careless
achteloosheid	n	de · mv. achteloosheden	carelessness, negligence
niemendal	r		completely nothing
niemendal	n	het · mv. niemendallen	something small, negligible or of little value
Boudewijn	m		a male given name, akin to Baldwin
doorheen	p		through; through, during
perfectioneren	v	perfectioneerde – geperfectioneerd	to perfect, to make (more) perfect; To make oneself perfect (in something)
zakenman	n	de · mv. zakenlieden	a businessman, a man in business, one involved in commercial enterprise
trainen	v	trainde – getraind	to train (teach, practice skills) an animal, especially for use at hunting; to train, coach a person or team, e.g. supervise exercises; to train oneself (in ...)
verbranden	v	verbrandde – verbrand	to burn, consume/kill in fire; to be consumed by fire; to be sunburnt
vervangbaar	a		replaceable; fungible
uitneembaar	a		dismountable, removable
uitnemen	v	nam uit – uitgenomen	to remove, to take out
inktpatroon	n	de · mv. inktpatronen	ink cartridge
huls	n	de · mv. hulzen	shell, case (usually cylindrical covering part of an item, in particular of…; husk (cover of a fruit or nut)
vlieden	v	vlood – gevloden	to flee, leave quickly; to seek refuge; to retreat
losse	n	de · mv. lossen	chain stitch
achterkant	n	de · mv. achterkanten	the backside, rear-end of an object etc; the reverse of a roughly symmetrical object which has a distinct front
optelling	n	de · mv. optellingen	a sum, addition, made or to be made; the arithmetic process of adding numbers
aluin	n	de · mv. aluinen	alum
opwinden	v	wond op – opgewonden	to wind, to wind up; e.g. to tighten a clockwork mechanism; to agitate, to excite
Cornisch	m		Cornish (language)
Cornisch	a		Cornish (of, from or pertaining to the Cornish people, Cornish language or…
opklaren	v	klaarde op – opgeklaard	to (make) clear(er), clarify; to fix, solve (especially a riddle etc.); to become clear(er), to clear up
kauw	n	de · mv. kauwen	a jackdaw, the bird species Coloeus monedula, closely related to the crow,…; its cry
hiërarchie	n	de · mv. hiërarchieën	hierarchy (body of authoritative officials)
kuis	a		chaste, morally pure, clean, virgin
kuis	n	de	a cleansing, cleaning(-up); a (bovine) calf, notably under 9 months old; a pig
kuisen	v	kuiste – gekuist	to clean up, render (more) presentable, possibly (auto-)censure; to become clean
steenbok	n	de · mv. steenbokken	an ibex, rock goat (wild mountain goat); synonym of steenbokantilope (“steenbok, Raphicerus campestris”)
kuisheid	n	de	chastity
Kanaänitisch	a		Canaanite, Canaanitic
Kanaänitisch	m		Canaanite, the Canaanite language group
mythe	n	de · mv. mythen	myth
Kanaän	m		Canaan
neolithicum	m		Neolithic
ijzertijd	m		Iron Age
archaïsch	a		archaic
Mesopotamisch	a		Mesopotamian
cruiseschip	n	het · mv. cruiseschepen	a cruise ship
geleider	n	de · mv. geleiders	attendant, escort; conductor (of heat or electricity)
ecoloog	n	de · mv. ecologen	an ecologist, scholar of ecology
smartelijk	a		painful, grievous, hurtful, causing pain; doleful, sorrowful, experiencing hurt or grief; intensely longing
Sanders	m		a surname originating as a patronymic
ekkie	n	het · mv. ekkies	euro
Anatolisch	a		Anatolian, pertaining to Anatolia; Anatolian, pertaining to the Anatolian branch of Indo-European
overblijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overblijven
overblijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overblijven
overbleef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overblijven
beïnvloeden	v	beïnvloedde – beïnvloed	to influence; to manipulate, to interact
oeroud	a		ancient
geaxeerd	a		based
polytheïsme	n	het · mv. polytheïsmen	polytheism
voorouder	n	de · mv. voorouders	ancestor
buitenaf	d		from outside
voorgeschiedenis	n	de · mv. voorgeschiedenissen	prehistory (prior history, history of people or events before a certain…; prehistory (human history before writing)
paleolithicum	n	het	Paleolithic, palaeolithic
kunstschaats	n	de · mv. kunstschaatsen	a figure-skate
bedrieger	n	de · mv. bedriegers	deceiver, cheater, fraudster; crook, hustler, impostor
fraudeur	n	de · mv. fraudeurs	fraudster (a person who practices fraud)
frauderen	v	fraudeerde – gefraudeerd	to commit fraud
frauduleus	a		fraudulent, constituting fraud
koralen	a		coralline, of or relating to coral; of the red color associated with red coral
microscopie	n	de · mv. microscopieën	microscopy
rela	n	de · mv. rela's	synonym of relatie
voetballer	n	de · mv. voetballers	footballer (Britain); football player (Britain), soccer player (US, Canada,…
kikvors	n	de · mv. kikvorsen	a frog
kikvorsman	n	de · mv. kikvorsmannen	a frogman
finalis	n	de · mv. finalissen	keynote
schil	n	de · mv. schillen	peel, rind, skin, bark; crust (soil); shell (egg or mollusc)
hertogin	n	de · mv. hertoginnen	a duchess (wife of a duke; female ruler of a duchy)
versnellingsbak	n	de · mv. versnellingsbakken	gearbox; transmission
uitlaat	n	de · mv. uitlaten	exhaust, system through which burned gases, steam etc. are vented or…; any outlet, to relieve pressure, literally and figuratively
uitlaat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
dieverij	n	de · mv. dieverijen	thieving, thievery; mostly used outside the judicial context
puntig	a		pointed, pointy, spiky
laos	n	de	greater galangal; root of the greater galangal in powder form
aanhalen	v	haalde aan – aangehaald	to fetch, carry; to tighten; to pull or haul in
citeren	v	citeerde – geciteerd	to quote a text and/or an author; to summon, subpoena to appear in court; to cite, to make an honorable mention of (someone) in a citation, notably in…
schoolmeester	n	de · mv. schoolmeesters	a schoolmaster, male schoolteacher; a pedantic person
zwabber	n	de · mv. zwabbers	a mop, implement for cleaning floors etc., especially aboard a vessel; a dradenstoffer m; a zeilveger m
hertogelijk	a		ducal, belonging/referring to a duke and/or a duchy
volwassene	n	de · mv. volwassenen	an adult, a full-grown human or animal
mayonaise	n	de · mv. mayonaises	mayonnaise, a sauce or dressing made from raw egg yolks and oil
iglo	n	de · mv. iglo's	an igloo, Inuit snow/ice-built cabin
universum	n	het · mv. universa	universe
Koerdisch	a		Kurdish, relating to the people, language and/or Middle Eastern homeland of…
Koerdisch	m		Kurdish, the language of the Kurds
atoomnummer	n	het · mv. atoomnummers	an atomic number, an element's number of protons and hence position in the…
atoomkern	n	de · mv. atoomkernen	atomic nucleus
borium	n	het	the metalloid element boron
chroom	n	het	chromium
molybdeen	n	het	the metallic element molybdenum, atomic number 42
toneelschrijver	n	de · mv. toneelschrijvers	playwright
metrisch	a		metric, metrical
literair	a		literary
Drievuldigheid	m		Trinity
sponsoren	v	sponsorde – gesponsord	to sponsor
Koerd	m		Kurd
kieken	n	het · mv. kiekens	chick, young domestic fowl; a dumb bird, derogatory term for a (usually female) airhead
kieken	v	kiekte – gekiekt	to photograph, take/shoot (a) picture(s)
procederen	v	procedeerde – geprocedeerd	to proceed, start/follow a procedure, operate; to litigate, resort to a legal procedure
oger	n	de · mv. ogers	ogre
Epiroot	n	de · mv. Epiroten	an Epirote, an inhabitant (or descendant) of Epirus
boorzuur	n	het · mv. boorzuren	the compound boric acid
condoom	n	het · mv. condooms	condom
Wolff	m		a surname
martyrium	n	het · mv. martyria	a hagiography about a martyr; a tomb, church or monument erected in memory of a martyr
loef	n	de · mv. loeven	luff, windward side of a sail or ship. (no plural); A sawn-out cavity in one of two crossing pieces of wood in which the other locks; a plump, ugly person
androïde	n	de · mv. androïden	android (robot with human form)
afasie	n	de · mv. afasieën	the neuropathological language disorder aphasia
griep	n	de	influenza, flu
Midden-Amerika	m		Central America (a continental region in North America, consisting of the…
kleptomanie	n	de	the condition kleptomania (proclivity to steal)
Kaboel	m		Kabul (the capital city of Afghanistan)
Oezbeeks	a		relating, belonging to the Uzbek people, culture; relating, in belonging to the Uzbek language; relating, belonging to Uzbekistan
Oezbeeks	m		the Uzbek language
Libanese	n	de · mv. Libanesen	a Lebanese woman
executieve	n	de · mv. executieven	An executive organ; historically, the name of the three regions' and three linguistic…
executief	a		executive, putting into practice
ijsman	n	de · mv. ijsmannen	male ice cream vendor
spaakbeen	n	het · mv. spaakbeenderen	a radius, either of two major bones in upper - and lower arm
blootje	n	het · mv. blootjes	the bare, a state of total nudity; an embarrassing state of exposure, as to ridicule or criticism
pluimen	v	pluimde – gepluimd	to remove the plumage from, as before cooking a bird; to skin financially
testamentair	a		testamentary
occultisme	n	het	occult, occultism (supernatural affairs)
verlamming	n	de · mv. verlammingen	paralysis, loss of (muscle) control, involuntary immobilization (both…
nootmuskaat	n	de · mv. nootmuskaten	a nutmeg (the hard aromatic seed of the Moluccan tree Myristica fragrans)
castraat	n	de · mv. castraten	a castrato, male who has been castrated, surgically emasculated; notably a castrated singer (usually a (former) treble chorister)
schaaldier	n	het · mv. schaaldieren	a crustacean, an invertebrate class of animals
castratie	n	de · mv. castraties	a castration, emasculation by surgical removal of the testicles
mierikswortel	n	de · mv. mierikswortels	the root of the horseradish, harvested as a pungent condiment and formerly a…; synonym of mierik (“horseradish plant”)
mensaap	n	de · mv. mensapen	ape, any member of the superfamily Hominoidea
anglicisme	n	het · mv. anglicismen	anglicism
mijnwerker	n	de · mv. mijnwerkers	a miner, a laborer in mining
vervoer	n	het	the act or process of transporting; transportation; any means of transport, vehicle and/or driver etc
aardnoot	n	de · mv. aardnoten	a peanut, a crusted legume resembling a nut and growing in the ground
oprit	n	de · mv. opritten	driveway
gissen	v	giste – gegist	to make a guess, estimate, have a go; to presume, reckon
mijnbouw	n	de	mining (mining sector; mining as an economic activity)
yamswortel	n	de · mv. yamswortels	the edible root of a yam; a plant which produces it, i.e. any vine of genus Dioscorea
piraat	n	de · mv. piraten	a pirate, one who plunders at sea; a copyright pirate, who produces/ trades in illegal copies of protected products; a radio pirate
bloedworst	n	de · mv. bloedworsten	blood pudding, blood sausage
blaten	v	blaatte – geblaat	to bleat, produce the typical baa sound of sheep; to speak as pointlessly as if it were gibberish
vervoerder	n	de · mv. vervoerders	transport company
niezen	v	niesde – geniesd	to sneeze, exhale explosively
revelatie	n	de · mv. revelaties	a revelation, the act or an instance of revealing or disclosure; especially…; the divinely revelead truth, as from the Bible and/or Coran in…
bijzaak	n	de · mv. bijzaken	a matter of secondary or minor importance
hoofdzaak	n	de · mv. hoofdzaken	matter of primary importance or priority
membraan	n	het · mv. membranen	a membrane, thin, often separating, layer of (skin or other) tissue in…; an artefact similar in function and/or construction, e.g. as mechanical part
rakel	n	de · mv. rakels	a rake; a squeegee (printing tool)
omkoping	n	de · mv. omkopingen	bribery, corruptly paying off illegitimate favors
bewonderenswaardig	a		admirable, worthy of admiration, deserving high esteem
adviseur	n	de · mv. adviseurs	an adviser; someone who gives advice, counsels
tegenzin	n	de · mv. tegenzinnen	a reluctance, an unwillingness to do or accept something
alarmsignaal	n	het · mv. alarmsignalen	an alarm (a vocal or mechanical signal, a notice, especially of approaching…
archipel	n	de · mv. archipels	archipelago
kakofonie	n	de · mv. kakofonies	a cacophony, mix of discordant sounds; dissonance
anatomisch	a		anatomical, anatomic
doodsangst	n	de · mv. doodsangsten	a fear of death; a mortal fear, extreme anguish
vervelend	a		boring, uninteresting; annoying, causing irritation or annoyance; vexatious
doodsbang	a		fearing death, scared of dying; scared to death, gravely anguished
rukker	n	de · mv. rukkers	a yanker, one who pulls hard; a wanker, a jerker, one who performs masturbation on a penis; a jerk
oligospermie	n	de	oligospermia
antropomorf	a		anthropomorphic
botanie	n	de	botany
masochisme	n	het	masochism
niersteen	n	de · mv. nierstenen	a kidney stone (calculus in a kidney)
kroonprins	n	de · mv. kroonprinsen	a crown prince, the prince of the blood expected to succeed to a monarch's crown; any heir apparent, the likely successor to a commoner's position, an estate etc
overeenstemmen	v	stemde overeen – overeengestemd	to (be) match(ed), fit, go together, or even equal; to agree, concord
teckel	n	de · mv. teckels	dachshund
mechanisch	a		mechanical, related to mechanics and/or machinery; done by machine(s); automatical, like machines work mindlessly
Belgrado	m		Belgrade (the capital city of Serbia)
vechtscheiding	n	de · mv. vechtscheidingen	a divorce involving bitter conflict between the separating spouses
toeter	n	de · mv. toeters	horn, claxon
toeter	a		drunk
toevlucht	n	de · mv. toevluchten	recourse (place or person where one seeks refuge or aid)
dollen	v	dolde – gedold	to tomfool, to fool around, to frolick, to play; to mess with, take the mikey out of someone; to stun (cattle) with a blow
schouwtoneel	n	het · mv. schouwtonelen	a theatrical scenery, the site of a spectacle; a scene, spectacle, a theatrical show or other sight worth watching
metaaldetector	n	de · mv. metaaldetectoren	metal detector
manchet	n	de · mv. manchetten	cuff (part of shirt); sabot (munition)
zuidoost	d		southeast; towards the southeast
noordoost	d		northeast; towards the northeast
brandweerkazerne	n	de · mv. brandweerkazernes	A fire station, housing a fire brigade
atoomdeeltje	n	het · mv. atoomdeeltjes	a sub-atomic particle of matter
hoofdcommissaris	n	de · mv. hoofdcommissarissen	a commissioner ranking above others commissioners, but not necessarily the…
broekvent	n	de · mv. broekventen	an immature man (a metaphor that alludes to men that still wear boyish shorts); coward
verkwister	n	de · mv. verkwisters	a squanderer, who wastes money and/or valuable things
muziekkorps	n	het · mv. muziekkorpsen	a band of musicians, especially in the military and brass band traditions
verchromen	v	verchroomde – verchroomd	to chrome (i.e. to plate with chrome)
pandemisch	a		pandemic
schoolslag	n	de · mv. schoolslagen	the swimming style breaststroke, the basic one (first) taught at European…
virologie	n	de	virology
pandemie	n	de · mv. pandemieën	pandemic
aftelling	n	de · mv. aftellingen	countdown; enumeration
farmaceutisch	a		pharmaceutical
nationaal	a		national
Koninginnedag	n	de · mv. Koninginnedagen	a former national holiday in the Netherlands, occurring on April 30th (or…
festiviteit	n	de · mv. festiviteiten	festivity
vrijmarkt	n	de · mv. vrijmarkten	a type of garage sale occurring throughout the Netherlands during Koninginnedag
inhuldiging	n	de · mv. inhuldigingen	inauguration, consecratory celebration
vorstin	n	de · mv. vorstinnen	sovereigness, monarchess, queen (female reigning monarch); a princess, the daughter of a king, elector (in the Holy Roman Empire),…; a princess, the female reigning monarch of a principality
hulde	n	de	homage, honor
vloeren	v	vloerde – gevloerd	to deck, (throw against the) floor; to floor, defeat totally, eliminate; to (lay a) floor (in ...), cover with flooring
vloerwerk	n	de · mv. vloerwerken	a flooring
vloerder	n	de · mv. vloerders	a floorer, who lays floors
viering	n	de · mv. vieringen	celebration; cross between the nave and transepts of a church
eigentijds	a		modern, contemporary, not oldfashioned
venten	v	ventte – gevent	to peddle
eosine	n	de	eosin
zeeman	n	de · mv. zeemannen	a seaman, a male sailor
directoraat	n	het · mv. directoraten	a directorate, the position of directeur (director), a term as such; a directorate, department run by (a) director(s)
middeleeuwer	n	de · mv. middeleeuwers	a person living in the Middle Ages
middeleeuwen	n		the Middle Ages
dakpan	n	de · mv. dakpannen	roof tile
stinkdier	n	het · mv. stinkdieren	skunk, any member of the family Mephitidae
officieel	a		official
officieel	d		officially
communistisch	a		communist
immuunsysteem	n	het · mv. immuunsystemen	immune system
zakgeld	n	het	pocket money, a limited allowance of money for discretionary spending, now…
verantwoordelijkheid	n	de · mv. verantwoordelijkheden	responsibility; accountability
archeologisch	a		archaeological
archeoloog	n	de · mv. archeologen	archaeologist
pedagoog	n	de · mv. pedagogen	pedagogue
hypnotiseren	v	hypnotiseerde – gehypnotiseerd	to hypnotise
presentatrice	n	de · mv. presentatrices	presenter, master of ceremonies, emcee, compere, host; presenter, bearer
doppen	v	dopte – gedopt	to pod (remove beans or peas from their pods); to fuck
batsen	v	batste – gebatst	to rock, to bounce; to hit, to slap, to smack; to fuck
minbar	n	de · mv. minbars	minbar, pulpit in a mosque
uitweg	n	de · mv. uitwegen	an exit; a way out
myxomatose	n	de	myxomatosis (contagious viral disease affecting rabbits)
sacoche	n	de · mv. sacoches	handbag
hoederecht	n	het · mv. hoederechten	child custody, especially over a minor whose parents are separated
strijdlied	n	het · mv. strijdliederen	battle song
volkslied	n	het · mv. volksliederen	a national anthem; also an anthem associated with a subnational grouping or…; a folk song
betoging	n	de · mv. betogingen	demonstration, group protest
ritme	n	het · mv. ritmen	rhythm, beat
tekenaar	n	de · mv. tekenaars	drawer (artist who makes drawings), illustrator
motief	n	het · mv. motieven	a motive; a motif, a pattern
socialisme	n	het · mv. socialismes	socialism (left ideology); socialism (stage in historical materialist grand schemes)
Australische	n	de · mv. Australischen	Australian (female inhabitant of Australia)
steenkolenengels	n	het	Dunglish
opschrikken	v	schrikte op – opgeschrikt	to be startled
griepachtig	a		flulike
adviseren	v	adviseerde – geadviseerd	to recommend
bezwijken	v	bezweek – bezweken	to give way, succumb; to expire, to die
krijgshaftig	a		warlike, martial, combative
Griekse	n	de · mv. Grieksen	a Greek woman
nageslacht	n	het · mv. nageslachten	offspring; posterity
voortbestaan	v	bestond voort – voortbestaan	to continue to exist
voortbestaan	n	het	continued existence
terugsturen	v	stuurde terug – teruggestuurd	to send back, return
verwekker	n	de · mv. verwekkers	begetter, procreator
grafheuvel	n	de · mv. grafheuvels	tumulus
godslastering	n	de · mv. godslasteringen	blasphemy
tralie	n	de · mv. traliën	a bar on a prison window or just any grill; lattice; diffraction grating
nationalisme	n	het · mv. nationalismes	nationalism (separatist ideology); nationalism (ideology favouring the own nation to an extreme degree)
wandelstok	n	de · mv. wandelstokken	walking stick
siderisch	a		sidereal (of or relating to the stars)
Faeröers	a		Faroese, from or pertaining to the Faroe Islands and/or Faroese people; in or pertaining to the Faroese language
Faeröers	m		the Faroese language
mastodont	n	de · mv. mastodonten	mastodon, mammal of the family Mammutidae, especially of the genus Mammut; someone or something of enormous size
nostalgisch	a		nostalgic
Arend	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Arnold, sometimes spelled as Arent; Aquila
Tsjetsjeens	a		referring to the Chechen people; in or referring to the Chechen language
Tsjetsjeens	m		the Chechen language
carnivoor	n	de · mv. carnivoren	carnivore, meat-eating creature
carnivoor	a		carnivorous
buideldier	n	het · mv. buideldieren	marsupial, any member of the infraclass Marsupialia
zeekreeft	n	de · mv. zeekreeften	lobster (crustacean)
dierenarts	n	de · mv. dierenartsen	a veterinarian; mostly used for one treating pets
veearts	n	de · mv. veeartsen	a veterinarian, mainly used for one treating farm animals
stamboom	n	de · mv. stambomen	a family tree, genealogical stemma
populatie	n	de · mv. populaties	quantified presence of organisms on a territory; any mass from which a sample can be drawn
kletskop	n	de · mv. kletskoppen	a hard and brittle type of cookie, with sugar, butter and peanuts or almonds…; a blab, blabbermouth
verzetje	n	het · mv. verzetjes	the diminutive of verzet (all senses); a (relaxing) distraction, as to clear the mind; any fun activity
maagdelijkheid	n	de · mv. maagdelijkheden	virginity (state of being a virgin); innocence, inexperience
Oguzen	m		Oghuz, the Oghuz people
weesgegroet	n	het · mv. weesgegroeten	the Catholic prayer Hail Mary, after its (merged) first words
inheemse	n	de · mv. inheemsen	an Amerindian Surinamese person; a member of an ethnic group indigenous to a region or country subsequently…
verkeerslicht	n	het · mv. verkeerslichten	traffic light
misbaksel	n	het · mv. misbaksels	a failed baking product; a failure, any faulty product; an ugly one, a mongrel
monotheïsme	n	het	monotheism
connotatie	n	de · mv. connotaties	connotation
tendens	n	de · mv. tendensen	tendency, inclination
patriarchaat	n	het · mv. patriarchaten	patriarchy
matriarchaat	n	het · mv. matriarchaten	matriarchy
matriarchaal	a		matriarchal
pantheïstisch	a		pantheistic
patriarchaal	a		patriarchal, pertaining to the Biblical patriarchs; patriarchal, pertaining to an Orthodox or Roman Catholic patriarch; patriarchial, pertaining to patriarchy
aanhangwagen	n	de · mv. aanhangwagens	trailer (on a vehicle) (not used for mobile homes)
trekhaak	n	de · mv. trekhaken	tow hitch, tow bar
monteur	n	de · mv. monteurs	mechanic
zandkasteel	n	het · mv. zandkastelen	a sandcastle, a sculpture made of sand resembling a fortication
ondertitel	n	de · mv. ondertitels	caption
poldermolen	n	de · mv. poldermolens	polder windmill, used to pump water out of a polder
hygiëne	n	de	hygiene
Ponton	m		a neighbourhood of Oranjestad, Aruba
excuus	n	het · mv. excusen	an excuse, apology, explanation to avoid or alleviate guilt or negative…; an excuse, pretext
teruggeven	v	gaf terug – teruggegeven	to return, give something back; to return the change to balance a (cash) transaction; to reply, retort etc. to, retaliate
overhalen	v	haalde over – overgehaald	to talk over, talk into, persuade (make someone agree to something, even…
Wouter	m		a male given name, akin to Walter
kunsttaal	n	de · mv. kunsttalen	constructed language, which is artificially created, not organically evolved; artistic language or jargon, as used by artists and critics
luchtkasteel	n	het · mv. luchtkastelen	a castle built in the air, as in fiction; castle in the air (fanciful idea or scheme)
kwartet	n	het · mv. kwartetten	A musical composition in four parts, each performed by a single voice or…; A group of four musicians who perform together, especially one that plays…; a card game where players have to collect sets of four cards
toverdrank	n	de · mv. toverdranken	a magical potion; a miracle cure
toverspreuk	n	de · mv. toverspreuken	a magical spell, an incantation, verbal charm
Palestijns	a		Palestinian
ondervoorzitter	n	de · mv. ondervoorzitters	a dignitary ranking below the voorzitter (president or chairman), and if…
pluchen	a		plush
pluche	n	het · mv. pluches	the velvety fabric plush; the plush, i.e. cosy, luxurious, seats of power, hence: (being in) office,…
pluche	a		plush
fluweel	n	het · mv. fluwelen	velvet (closely woven fabric with pile on one side)
synthese	n	de · mv. synthesen	a synthesis, a combination (formation of something complex or coherent by…; synthesis (reaction of elements or compounds to form more complex compounds); synthesis (deduction from the general to the particular, by applying the…
eidereend	n	de · mv. eidereenden	eider (Somateria mollissima, a duck species); any closely related duck species also particularly prized for its down
maagdenvlies	n	het · mv. maagdenvliezen	the hymen, a membrane which occludes the vagina and is in traditional…
ontmaagden	v	ontmaagdde – ontmaagd	to deflower
pyriet	n	het · mv. pyrieten	pyrite, iron disulfide
trilhaardiertje	n	het · mv. trilhaardiertjes	the protozoan called ciliate, of the class Ciliata
paardenbloem	n	de · mv. paardenbloemen	dandelion (Taraxacum officinale)
kroning	n	de · mv. kroningen	coronation (the act or solemnity of crowning); someone's solemn, festive ... installation, acknowledgment etc
meiose	n	de · mv. meiosen	the process of meiosis, reductive cell division
puinhoop	n	de · mv. puinhopen	a pile of rubble; a ruin; a terrible mess, anything in a disastrous state
herleven	v	herleefde – herleefd	to come to life again, revive; to reappear; to return, rise again
Staats	a		pertaining to the Dutch Republic; pertaining to the States-General of the Dutch Republic; pertaining to the republican faction of the Dutch Republic
peddel	n	de · mv. peddels	a paddle, two-handed, single-bladed oar which isn't fixed to the boat but…; a spanking paddle
struikelen	v	struikelde – gestruikeld	to stumble, fall over or trip over an object
inertie	n	de · mv. inerties	inertia; lack of dynamism or forcefulness
parasiet	n	de · mv. parasieten	parasite (parasitic organism); parasite, someone who relies on others to get things done
boycotten	v	boycotte – geboycot	to boycott
ontbieden	v	ontbood – ontboden	to summon, send for someone
skiër	n	de · mv. skiërs	a skier, someone who practices skiing
wintersporter	n	de · mv. wintersporters	a practitioner of (a) winter sport(s)
wintersporten	v	wintersportte – gewintersport	to practice (a) winter sport(s)
wintersport	n	de · mv. wintersporten	a winter sport, a sports discipline fit for wintery conditions, notably…
sms'en	v	sms'te – ge-sms't	to text
neutraal	a		neutral, not taking sides in a conflict between opposite parties; neutral, neither acid nor alkali; having neither of two opposite qualities
elektromagnetisme	n	het	the fundamental force electromagnetism
eentonig	a		monotonous (having an unvarying tone or pitch); monotone, tedious(ly unvaried); boring, dull
privé-post	n	de	private mail
petrochemie	n	de · mv. petrochemies	petrochemistry, the branch of chemistry working mainly with components of…; The corresponding, petrochemical branch of industry
takszegel	n	de · mv. takszegels	tax stamp
zegelwas	n	de/het · mv. zegelwassen	the substance sealing wax
zegelring	n	de · mv. zegelringen	a seal ring, a signet ring fit for sealing documents
capuchon	n	de · mv. capuchons	shaped as a pointed cap; a rain-resistant cap
teweegbrengen	v	bracht teweeg – teweeggebracht	to bring about, cause to take place; to achieve, get (on the road, done etc.)
biepen	v	biepte – gebiept	to (make a sound like) beep; to contact by beeper, pager
parasitair	a		parasitic
doedelzak	n	de · mv. doedelzakken	the musical wind instrument bagpipes
molecuul	n	de/het · mv. moleculen	a molecule, group of atoms held together by chemical bonds, the smallest…
kerven	v	kerfde – gekerfd	to cut, gouge out; to carve (out); (cut a) notch
empathie	n	de	empathy
tochten	v	tochtte – getocht	to be drafty
vocabulaire	n	de/het · mv. vocabulaires	vocabulary; vocabulary list, word list
terugtocht	n	de · mv. terugtochten	return expedition or return trip, usually a retreat, withdrawal
compositie	n	de · mv. composities	the composition (general) makeup of something, notably in terms of…; a musical composition, piece written by a composer; an artistic composition, arrangement as of figures in a scene, colors on a…
ondergeschikte	n	de · mv. ondergeschikten	subordinate; underling, minion
ondergeschikt	a		subordinate
vuursteen	n	de · mv. vuurstenen	a flint, piece of hard fine-grained quartz stone, as struck to spark up a fire; flint, the material silex
metgezel	n	de · mv. metgezellen	companion
expeditie	n	de · mv. expedities	expedition; transport of goods
doedelzakspeler	n	de · mv. doedelzakspelers	a piper, who plays the bagpipes
juriste	n	de · mv. juristes	female lawyer or jurist
omkeren	v	keerde om – omgekeerd	to turn around; to reverse; to turn upside down
adelborst	n	de · mv. adelborsten	midshipman
boycot	n	de · mv. boycots	boycott
censuur	n	de	censorship
censureren	v	censureerde – gecensureerd	to censor
overschrijving	n	de · mv. overschrijvingen	a remittance, giro, payment by transfer to another (bank) account; the document (form, slip) by which such transfer is effectuated
jaloersheid	n	de · mv. jaloersheden	the attitude jealousy
halsband	n	de · mv. halsbanden	collar (as worn by pets); collar, bond placed around the neck to restrain people
kostwinner	n	de · mv. kostwinners	breadwinner
voorbereidend	a		preparatory
toelatingsexamen	n	het · mv. toelatingsexamens	entrance examination
opleidingsschip	n	het · mv. opleidingsschepen	training ship
assisteren	v	assisteerde – geassisteerd	to assist, act as assistant to; to lend assistance
stationering	n	de · mv. stationeringen	stationing (the putting in place to perform military duty)
secretaris	n	de · mv. secretarissen	secretary; receptionist; secretary bird
geologisch	a		geological, geologic
mazelen	n		the acute, highly contagious viral disease measles
vuurstenen	a		made or consisting of flint; flint
compagnon	n	de · mv. compagnons	companion, friend, partner; partner in a business, associate
hypertensie	n	de · mv. hypertensies	hypertension, (abnormally) high blood pressure
hypotensie	n	de · mv. hypotensies	hypotension, (abnormally) low blood pressure
glaucoom	n	het · mv. glaucomen	glaucoma
jongere	n	de · mv. jongeren	a young person, an adolescent
torpedoboot	n	de · mv. torpedoboten	torpedo boat
promotie	n	de · mv. promoties	promotion
golfbal	n	de · mv. golfballen	golf ball
uitrusting	n	de · mv. uitrustingen	equipment
sledetocht	n	de · mv. sledetochten	sleigh ride or sleigh trip
theedoek	n	de · mv. theedoeken	a tea towel, a cloth for drying dishes and glassware
hersenschudding	n	de · mv. hersenschuddingen	concussion (medical condition)
ijsplateau	n	het · mv. ijsplateaus	ice shelf
vogelverschrikker	n	de · mv. vogelverschrikkers	scarecrow
gesprekspartner	n	de · mv. gesprekspartners	conversation partner; interlocutor
stoelgang	n	de · mv. stoelgangen	one's stool, fecal discharge
spuitgast	n	de · mv. spuitgasten	a firefighter, especially a man, who operates a firehose
Avestisch	m		Avestan (Old Iranian language)
Avestisch	a		Avestan
zakenpartner	n	de · mv. zakenpartners	a business partner
lage	n	de · mv. lagen	a (flickering) flame
wedder	n	de · mv. wedders	a wagerer, one who bets; a gambler, someone given to wagers and gambles
salpeterzuur	n	het · mv. salpeterzuren	nitric acid
kleurloos	a		colourless, having no (or little) colour; pale, dull
compositorisch	a		concerning musical composing, composer(s) and/or compositions; concerning other artistic or linguistic composing and/or compositions
rechtsgebied	n	het · mv. rechtsgebieden	a (territorial) jurisdiction, area of legal competence assigned to an office…
procreatie	n	de · mv. procreaties	the process procreation in which an organism reproduces by gendering offspring
aandachtig	a		attentive, paying care/attention; careful, enjoying care/attention
bommetje	n	het · mv. bommetjes	cannonball (jump into water in a flexed position)
watertoren	n	de · mv. watertorens	water tower
Javaans	a		Javan, in, from or relating to Java, the most populous island of Indonesia; Javan, in, from or relating to the Javanese people
Javaans	m		the Javanese language
farmacologisch	a		pharmacological, of or having to do with pharmacology
longontsteking	n	de · mv. longontstekingen	pneumonia (acute or chronic inflammation of the lungs)
vaderlijk	a		paternal
coïncideren	v	coïncideerde – gecoïncideerd	to coincide, occur at the same time and place; to correspond, match
citroenmelisse	n	de	lemon balm (Melissa officinalis)
elektromagnetisch	a		electromagnetic
magnetisch	a		magnetic
pijnappel	n	de · mv. pijnappels	pinecone
magnetisme	n	het	magnetism
moddergevecht	n	het · mv. moddergevechten	a mud fight, where opponents wrestle in mud or other dirt; a dirty duel, involving verbal mudslinging
vaatdoek	n	de · mv. vaatdoeken	dishcloth, dishtowel
germanist	n	de · mv. germanisten	a practitioner of the study of Germanic languages and the associated…; a student of the German language, literature and culture of Germany and…
suikerbiet	n	de · mv. suikerbieten	the plant sugar beet (Beta vulgaris var. rapa); the root of the above plant
zadelen	v	zadelde – gezadeld	to saddle, to put a saddle on (a mount)
suikerboer	n	de · mv. suikerboeren	a farmer whose crop is used to refine sugar from
miltvuur	n	het	anthrax
schijtlijster	n	de · mv. schijtlijsters	coward
tegenvaller	n	de · mv. tegenvallers	a disappointing result, adversity, bummer, setback
kompres	n	het · mv. kompressen	compress, multiply folded cloth to apply to a patient's skin
kompres	a		compressed, condensed
jonko	n	de · mv. jonko's	joint
Damsko	m		Amsterdam
kokmeeuw	n	de · mv. kokmeeuwen	black-headed gull (Chroicocephalus ridibundus)
glycogeen	n	het · mv. glycogenen	the polysaccharide glycogen, the main form of carbohydrate storage in animals
oudtante	n	de · mv. oudtantes	a great-aunt, sister of one’s grandparent, aunt of one’s parent
Canadees	n	de · mv. Canadezen	a Canadian
Canadees	m		Canadian English (language)
Canadees	a		Canadian
Canadese	n	de · mv. Canadesen	Canadian (female inhabitant of Canada)
tjiftjaf	n	de · mv. tjiftjaffen	chiffchaff (Phylloscopus collybita)
styrax	n	de	storax (sweetgum resin)
fokkenmast	n	de · mv. fokkenmasten	the foremast, foremost mast, originally on a three-mast sailing ship,…
oncoloog	n	de · mv. oncologen	an oncologist, physician specialised in oncology (cancers)
rozenkrans	n	de · mv. rozenkransen	a wreath of roses; the rosary, a Catholic prayer sequence, consisting of repetitions of Our…; a rosary, Catholic or, less commonly, Anglican prayer beads used to keep…
afkalven	v	kalfde af – afgekalfd	to cave in or calve off, to crumble off, to erode
bereiding	n	de · mv. bereidingen	preparation (of food)
huisvesten	v	huisvestte – gehuisvest	to house, to accommodate
bijgenaamd	a		nicknamed
Straatsburg	m		Strasbourg (the capital city of Bas-Rhin department, France; the capital…
overheen	p		across, over
autoriteit	n	de · mv. autoriteiten	authority
opgaan	v	ging op – opgegaan	to go up, ascend; to be a candidate, to make an attempt, to make a bid (for a test, prize…; to hold true, to apply, to be significant
porselein	n	het · mv. porseleinen	the hard, translucent ceramic porcelain; a piece or set made of that material
houder	n	de · mv. houders	holder, keeper, owner; incumbent; holder, bearer
identificeren	v	identificeerde – geïdentificeerd	to identify
identiteit	n	de · mv. identiteiten	identity
voorloper	n	de · mv. voorlopers	forerunner, precursor, someone or something that prefigures or is an…; forerunner, someone who runs, or otherwise goes, in front
ingeven	v	gaf in – ingegeven	to feed (esp. a baby); to suggest, prompt, inspire
aandenken	n	het · mv. aandenkens	a keepsake, object recalling a memory
aandenken	v	aandacht – aandacht	to remember, to think about/of, to call to mind, to commemorate
opkijken	v	keek op – opgekeken	to look (in an) up(ward manner); to lift one's eyes; to admire, respect, look up to
initiatief	n	het · mv. initiatieven	initiative
onderarm	n	de · mv. onderarmen	forearm, lower half of the arm, from elbow to hand
nazisme	n	het	Nazism
Karelië	m		Karelia (a historical region of Northern Europe, located to the north of…; Karelia (a republic and federal subject of Russia)
sluiter	n	de · mv. sluiters	a jailer; a doorkeeper; a gatekeeper
projecteren	v	projecteerde – geprojecteerd	to project, to cast an image; to project (to draw straight lines from a fixed point)
handboei	n	de · mv. handboeien	handcuff
heterogeen	a		heterogeneous
oudoom	n	de · mv. oudomen	a great-uncle, brother of one's grandparent, uncle of one's parent; any old man, gramps
suïcidaal	a		suicidal
wandaad	n	de · mv. wandaden	a misdeed; in legal jargon, a less serious category of crime
opstaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opstaan
opstond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opstaan
tekenend	a		characteristic, typical
opricht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
stabiliteit	n	de · mv. stabiliteiten	stability
instabiliteit	n	de · mv. instabiliteiten	instability
kandidatuur	n	de · mv. kandidaturen	candidacy
uitblijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitblijven
uitblijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitblijven
uitbleef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitblijven
inwerkingtreding	n	de · mv. inwerkingtredingen	coming into force (e.g. of a treaty)
massaal	a		massive
massaal	d		massively, en masse
locatie	n	de · mv. locaties	location
ratificatie	n	de · mv. ratificaties	ratification
gewacht	n	het	waiting
wachtende	n	de · mv. wachtenden	waiter (someone who waits for somebody or something; a person who is waiting)
schermen	v	schermde – geschermd	to fence
afwisselend	a		alternating; varied
hoofdkwartier	n	het · mv. hoofdkwartieren	headquarters
samenkomen	v	kwam samen – samengekomen	to come together, to meet, to assemble
presiderend	a		presiding
exclusief	a		exclusive
exclusief	d		exclusively
aangroei	n	de	increase
aangroei	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aangroeien
verstrekken	v	verstrekte – verstrekt	to procure, provide
spreiding	n	de · mv. spreidingen	dispersal
centralisatie	n	de · mv. centralisaties	centralization (US), centralisation (UK)
betoger	n	de · mv. betogers	demonstrator
concentratie	n	de · mv. concentraties	concentration (ability to focus one's attention); concentration (amount of a substance relative to a total or volume); concentration (amassment, grouping)
financieren	v	financierde – gefinancierd	to finance
ambitieus	a		ambitious
renovatie	n	de · mv. renovaties	renovation
toetreding	n	de · mv. toetredingen	accession
regendruppel	n	de · mv. regendruppels	a raindrop, drop(let) of rainwater
tektonisch	a		tectonic
cynisme	n	het	Cynicism; cynicism, cynical attitude
pessimisme	n	het	pessimism
herbergen	v	herbergde – geherbergd	to lodge (to supply with a room or place to sleep in for a time)
secretariaat	n	het · mv. secretariaten	a central office in any business or institution (or a department thereof),…; secretariat
collectivisme	n	het · mv. collectivismen	collectivism, an ideological system in which the means (of production) must…
stoomlocomotief	n	de · mv. stoomlocomotieven	a steam locomotive, locomotive powered by steam engine
escapisme	n	het	escapism (inclination to escape)
favoriet	a		favourite, preferred; favourite, tipped to win
favoriet	n	de · mv. favorieten	favourite, preferred one; favourite, most likely one to win out
mutageen	a		mutagenic
mutageen	n	het · mv. mutagenen	mutagen
fopspeen	n	de · mv. fopspenen	pacifier
bezorgdheid	n	de · mv. bezorgdheden	anxiety, concern
decentraliseren	v	decentraliseerde – gedecentraliseerd	to decentralize, to decentralise
centraliseren	v	centraliseerde – gecentraliseerd	to centralize (US), to centralise (Commonwealth)
uitwijken	v	week uit – uitgeweken	to divert oneself; to emigrate
slakkengang	n	de · mv. slakkengangen	a snail's pace, a very slow pace
trombocytopenie	n	de	thrombocytopenia
plenair	a		plenary
pluviograaf	n	de · mv. pluviografen	a pluviograph, self-registring pluviometer
zitting	n	de · mv. zittingen	meeting, session; seat (of a chair)
administratief	a		administrative
commissaris	n	de · mv. commissarissen	commissioner
stedelijk	a		urban, civic
dienstverlening	n	de · mv. dienstverleningen	services
concentreren	v	concentreerde – geconcentreerd	to concentrate; to concentrate (the mind), to focus
voetafdruk	n	de · mv. voetafdrukken	footprint
overdekken	v	overdekte – overdekt	to cover
onttrekken	v	onttrok – onttrokken	to withdraw; to abstract, extract (e.g. extract by means of distillation)
visueel	a		visual
faciliteit	n	de · mv. faciliteiten	facility, the physical means or contrivances to make something (especially a…; an accommodation or easing, such as relaxation of rules
embleem	n	het · mv. emblemen	emblem (representative symbol); emblem (metaphorical or meditative picture accompanied with a text)
polemiek	n	de · mv. polemieken	a polemic
grondlegger	n	de · mv. grondleggers	founder, progenitor
gedetailleerd	a		detailed
eeuwwende	n	de · mv. eeuwwendes	the turn of a century, when its 100 years end and it gives way to the next
seismograaf	n	de · mv. seismografen	a seismograph, scientific device to read and record seismic vibrations
bacterieel	a		bacterial
authentiek	a		authentic
haveloos	a		shabby
bliksems	i		darn!
bliksemen	v	bliksemde – gebliksemd	to flash (lightning)
geniepig	a		sneaky, cunning, sly
paardenlul	n	de · mv. paardenlullen	dickhead; horse cock (large penis); equine dick, horse penis
herderin	n	de · mv. herderinnen	shepherdess
kerkstuk	n	het · mv. kerkstukken	church play/skit
onheilspellend	a		ominous
vertwijfeld	a		desperate
sletterig	a		slutty, whorish
slet	n	de · mv. sletten	slut
frivool	a		frivolous
frivool	d		frivolously
verrekt	a		damned
klakkeloos	d		unthinkingly
mateloos	a		immoderate, excessive
mateloos	d		immoderately, excessively; immensely, to no end
fictief	a		fictional
redevoering	n	de · mv. redevoeringen	speech
proza	n	het	prose
Helleens	a		Hellenic
inhoudelijk	a		substantive
inhoudelijk	d		substantively (concerning content)
Atheens	a		Athenian
uitvaart	n	de · mv. uitvaarten	internment, funeral
gezind	a		inclined, of a certain disposition
voordat	c		before
uitzonderlijkheid	n	de · mv. uitzonderlijkheden	exceptionality
onverholen	a		overt
hijzelf	r		himself
documenteren	v	documenteerde – gedocumenteerd	to document
biografisch	a		biographical
overleveren	v	leverde over – overgeleverd	to hand down
scherpzinnig	a		perspicacious, astute
speculatie	n	de · mv. speculaties	speculation, conjecture; financial speculation
sterfjaar	n	het · mv. sterfjaren	year of a person's death
holbewoner	n	de · mv. holbewoners	troglodyte, any cave-dweller, e.g. cave man or cave-dwelling animal
knoflook	n	de/het · mv. knofloken	garlic (Allium sativum: the plant or its bulb, used in cooking)
trompettist	n	de · mv. trompettisten	trumpeter
afloopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aflopen
afliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aflopen
lopend	a		current, ongoing; running, on the move; going around, being spread
omloop	n	de · mv. omlopen	circulation; paronychia
omloop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omlopen
omloopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omlopen
omliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of omlopen
onderloop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of onderlopen
onderloopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of onderlopen
onderliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of onderlopen
overloop	n	de · mv. overlopen	transition; a landing, corridor between rooms on the upper floor of a house; overflow, outlet for excess matter
overloop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overlopen
overloopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overlopen
overliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overlopen
overlevende	n	de · mv. overlevenden	survivor (one who has survived some disaster)
melancholiek	a		melancholic
gebaren	v	gebaarde – gebaard	to gesture, to point, to gesticulate; to sign (to use sign language)
manueel	a		manual
weergeef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of weergeven
weergeeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of weergeven
weergaf	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of weergeven
genereren	v	genereerde – gegenereerd	to generate
driedimensionaal	a		three-dimensional
VGT	n		Vlaamse Gebarentaal ≡ Flemish sign language
universeel	a		universal
regionaal	a		regional
mijlpaal	n	de · mv. mijlpalen	milestone (something that marks an important or notable occasion); milepost, milestone (milepost or other object marking a mile distance of one…
verdrukking	n	de · mv. verdrukkingen	oppression
combineren	v	combineerde – gecombineerd	to combine
beknopt	a		concise
memoriseren	v	memoriseerde – gememoriseerd	to memorize (US), memorise (UK)
onderrichter	n	de · mv. onderrichters	instructor
accuraat	a		accurate; punctual
doorzetten	v	zette door – doorgezet	to persevere, pull through; to persist; to continue, to push on with
aanreiken	v	reikte aan – aangereikt	to pass, to hand over
overlevering	n	de · mv. overleveringen	oral tradition, lore/folklore: a story that is handed down, whose veracity…
boedel	n	de · mv. boedels	estate (movable estate, not real estate)
adellijk	a		noble
aanleren	v	leerde aan – aangeleerd	to learn (to acquire knowledge, skills or habits); to teach (to impart knowledge, skills or habits)
opmars	n	de · mv. opmarsen	advance, march
implantaat	n	het · mv. implantaten	implant
verwerving	n	de · mv. verwervingen	acquisition
auditief	a		auditory
lokalisatie	n	de · mv. lokalisaties	localization (act of localizing, state of being localized)
benedictijner	a		Benedictine
teneur	n	de	tenor, course of thought
waarlijk	d		truly
erfelijk	a		hereditary
doofheid	n	de	deafness
sociolinguïstisch	a		sociolinguistic
dovenschool	n	de · mv. dovenscholen	school for the deaf, where sign language is used
omgekeerd	a		reverse, reversed
omgekeerd	d		vice versa
denominatie	n	de · mv. denominaties	a denomination, designation; a denomination; an organised religious association, an organised faction or…
stokhaver	n	de	a caning, load of blows with a stick or similar implement
stokbewaarder	n	de · mv. stokbewaarders	a jailer, notably one which carries a cane‐like instrument to prod or…
Brusselaar	n	de · mv. Brusselaars	an inhabitant of Brussels, the capital city of the EU, Brabant (duchy and…; an inhabitant of the Brussels Hoofdstedelijk Gewest, the smallest of…
halfbroer	n	de · mv. halfbroers	half brother
stiefbroer	n	de · mv. stiefbroers	the son of one's stepparent who is not the son of either of one's biological…
bool	n	de	a type of fat clay
mangoeste	n	de · mv. mangoesten	mongoose, any member of the family Herpestidae
afwerking	n	de · mv. afwerkingen	completion, finishing; the way in which something is finished
kuise	n	de · mv. kuisen	a chast, prudish or prudent one
wetsbreker	n	de · mv. wetsbrekers	a lawbreaker
gehandicapte	n	de · mv. gehandicapten	handicapped person
dynastiek	a		dynastic, relating to a dynasty
chansonnier	n	de · mv. chansonniers	a chansonnier (singer of chansons); a chansonnier (songbook)
dictatuur	n	de · mv. dictaturen	dictatorship
Caraïbisch	a		Caribbean
Caribisch	a		Caribbean; Cariban
kiek	n	de · mv. kieken	a snapshot, photograph; originally specifically used for a group scene…; a chick, young of a domestic fowl or other bird
Koerdistan	m		Kurdistan (a cultural region in West Asia inhabited mostly by the Kurds,…; Kurdistan (an autonomous region in northern and northeastern Iraq, lying…; Kurdistan (a province in northwestern Iran, lying within the aforementioned…
pluimage	n	het · mv. pluimages	the plumage of a bird; one's nature, typological category; notably in the expression van divers…
mogendheid	n	de · mv. mogendheden	power, powerhouse (polity that is regionally or internationally powerful in…
precolumbiaans	a		pre-Columbian
overgaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overgaan
overging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overgaan
behoud	n	het	preservation, conserving, conservation; salvation
behoudend	a		conservative
protectoraat	n	het · mv. protectoraten	protectorate
revolutionair	n	de · mv. revolutionairen	revolutionary
revolutionair	a		revolutionary
mislukt	a		failed
terugkeert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugkeren
getrouwe	n	de · mv. getrouwen	a loyal servant, follower or associate, a true person (i.e. who is faithful,…; a bosom friend
binnentrek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of binnentrekken
binnentrekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
binnentrok	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of binnentrekken
savanne	n	de · mv. savannen	savanna
vernietigd	a		destroyed
kasuaris	n	de · mv. kasuarissen	cassowary
geleedpotige	n	de · mv. geleedpotigen	arthropod, any member of the phylum Arthropoda
lendendoek	n	de · mv. lendendoeken	loincloth
cassave	n	de · mv. cassaves	cassava
zitje	n	het · mv. zitjes	a small social gathering at someone's home
kalebas	n	de · mv. kalebassen	calabash, gourd, squash
afdekken	v	dekte af – afgedekt	to cover
oorlogvoerend	a		belligerent
rijke	n	de · mv. rijken	a rich one; a wealthy person
splenectomie	n	de · mv. splenectomieën	splenectomy
onbetwist	a		undisputed
onbetwist	d		undisputedly
arsenicum	n	het	arsenic
zirkoon	n	het	zircon; zirconium; a zircon crystal
antimonium	n	het	antimony
lanthaan	n	het	lanthanum
lanthanium	n	het	lanthanum; alternative form of lanthaan
tantalium	n	het	tantalum
tweeling	n	de · mv. tweelingen	a pair of twins; said of people and other mammals; each of two twin siblings
euh	i		er, erm, um, uh; used as a space filler or pause during conversation; used to express hesitation, confusion, or doubt
euh	n	de · mv. euhs	an onomatopoeia of the filler sound
grasveld	n	het · mv. grasvelden	field, lawn
origineel	a		original
jaden	a		jade, jaden
gieting	n	de · mv. gietingen	casting (e.g. a mould)
beiaard	n	de · mv. beiaarden	carillon
gieterij	n	de · mv. gieterijen	foundry
violiste	n	de · mv. violistes	female violinist
bakkes	n	de/het · mv. bakkesen	face
altoos	d		always
volgzaam	a		obedient, docile
bewustheid	n	de	consciousness
verstandigheid	n	de	understanding; good sense
voorzichtigheid	n	de	caution, prudence, foresight
omzichtigheid	n	de · mv. omzichtigheden	caution
alpenhoorn	n	de · mv. alpenhoorns	alphorn
heilstaat	n	de · mv. heilstaten	an ideal state, a utopia, in particular a socialist utopia
koningspinguïn	n	de · mv. koningspinguïns	king penguin (Aptenodytes patagonicus)
ezelspinguïn	n	de · mv. ezelspinguïns	gentoo penguin (Pygoscelis papua)
keizerspinguïn	n	de · mv. keizerspinguïns	emperor penguin (Aptenodytes forsteri)
socioloog	n	de · mv. sociologen	sociologist
filosofisch	a		philosophical
positivisme	n	het	positivism; positivity
onverenigbaar	a		incompatible
rotsvast	a		rock-solid
rotsvast	d		firmly
onlosmakelijk	a		indissoluble
verbond	n	het · mv. verbonden	alliance, federation (between countries); union, association (people with a common cause)
volgeling	n	de · mv. volgelingen	follower
afwijk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afwijken
afwijkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afwijken
afweek	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afwijken
instort	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
diepgaand	a		profound, thorough, probing
hebzuchtig	a		greedy
goldrush	n	de · mv. goldrushes	gold rush
bovenkleed	n	het · mv. bovenkleden	a cloth upper garment
academisch	a		academic
trommelaar	n	de · mv. trommelaars	drummer, percussionist; someone who drums (nervously) with his fingers; an animal which drums, drills or makes a similar sound, notably a…
zwabbergast	n	de · mv. zwabbergasten	a cabin-boy; a junior sailor, especially an apprentice, who does most of the…
gynocide	n	de · mv. gynocides	femicide
abortorium	n	het · mv. abortoria	abortorium
geleiden	v	geleidde – geleid	to escort, to accompany; to guide (along a certain path); to give guidance (especially moral)
elastisch	a		elastic
anisakiasis	n	de	anisakiasis
weetje	n	het · mv. weetjes	tip; a fun fact, an interesting bit of trivia; a fact
onverschillig	a		indifferent
dagenlang	d		for days
dagenlang	a		lasting days (on end), dayslong
goddelijkheid	n	de · mv. goddelijkheden	divinity, divineness
vormloos	a		formless, shapeless
heelal	n	het · mv. heelallen	universe
vanzelf	d		automatically
octaaf	n	de/het · mv. octaven	octave
deelbaar	a		divisible
Faeröer	m		Faroe Islands (an archipelago and self-governing autonomous territory of…
activeren	v	activeerde – geactiveerd	to activate, put into action; render (more) active; to enable (to activate a function of an electronic or mechanical device)
distributie	n	de · mv. distributies	a distribution, the act, process or an instance of distributing or being…; publicly controlled assignment/delivery of restricted goods, notably under…; an agency in charge of the above
rukbunker	n	de · mv. rukbunkers	bed
planetoïde	n	de · mv. planetoïden	asteroid
zeerover	n	de · mv. zeerovers	a pirate, a robber who plunders at sea
Assamitisch	m		Assamese (language)
wandtapijt	n	het · mv. wandtapijten	tapestry
zee-egel	n	de · mv. zee-egels	a sea urchin, any of many marine echinoderms of the class Echinoidea
miauwen	v	miauwde – gemiauwd	to meow, make a feline's gentle, yet shrill type of cry
koningsmoord	n	de · mv. koningsmoorden	regicide, the killing of a king or other ruler
somatotrofine	n	het	somatotropin
paganisme	n	het	paganism
toeriste	n	de · mv. toeristes	tourist (female) (see toerist for definitions)
luzerne	n	de · mv. luzernes	alfalfa, lucerne, Medicago sativa
klinisch	a		clinical
fregat	n	het · mv. fregatten	a frigate, a type of (once sailing, small but fast three-mast) warship,…
Ripuarisch	a		belonging or relating to the Ripuarian Franks; in or relating to the Ripuarian dialect
Ripuarisch	m		Ripuarian, the West Germanic dialect of the abovementioned Frankish tribes
kruisridder	n	de · mv. kruisridders	a crusader, a knight who participated in the crusades
tempelridder	n	de · mv. tempelridders	a Knight Templar (knightly member of the Templar order)
Palestijn	m		a Palestinian, inhabitant of Palestine or member of its Arab diaspora
Filistijn	n	de · mv. Filistijnen	a Philistine, member of a Biblical non-Semitic people which subdued the Jews…; a philistine, barbarian, heathen
fluweelzacht	a		velvety, as soft as velvet
synthetiseren	v	synthetiseerde – gesynthetiseerd	to synthesize, make a synthesis, summarise; to (re)produce synthetically, e.g. using substitute ingredients
omwentelingslichaam	n	het · mv. omwentelingslichamen	surface of revolution
veeteelt	n	de	husbandry, the raising of livestock
Mokveld	m		a family surname
ineffectief	a		ineffective
Kazach	n	de · mv. Kazachen	Kazakh person
fregatvogel	n	de · mv. fregatvogels	a frigate bird, the species Fregata aquila or another rapacious seabird of…
zeevogel	n	de · mv. zeevogels	a seabird, one of any marine species of birds
Serviër	m		Serb; an inhabitant of Serbia, formerly in Yugoslavia
brandstichten	v	stichtte brand – brandgesticht	to start a fire, to set fire to something, to commit arson
Dalmatiër	n	de · mv. Dalmatiërs	an inhabitant of Dalmatia, an Adriatic coastal region, presently in Croatia; a member of the Dalmati, a people which lived there in Antiquity, before the…
tijgerhaai	n	de · mv. tijgerhaaien	tiger shark (Galeocerdo cuvier)
steenezel	n	de · mv. steenezels	ass, stupid person, especially one who won't learn
psychologisch	a		psychological
psychisch	a		psychical, mental
inwoner	n	de · mv. inwoners	inhabitant
arrè	i		exclamation used for emphasis, when giving something to someone, commenting etc
Georgisch	a		Georgian
Georgisch	m		Georgian (language)
hernieuwen	v	hernieuwde – hernieuwd	to renew
buurland	n	het · mv. buurlanden	neighboring country
fittie	n	de · mv. fitties	a fight, especially on social media
Finse	n	de · mv. Finsen	Finnish woman
teruggaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of teruggaan
terugging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of teruggaan
terugvind	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugvinden
terugvindt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugvinden
terugvond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugvinden
oudere	n	de · mv. ouderen	elderly person, senior citizen
vazalstaat	n	de · mv. vazalstaten	a vassal state (state that is subject to another power)
koningschap	n	het · mv. koningschappen	kingship
Georgiër	n	de · mv. Georgiërs	Georgian (person from the country of Georgia)
anarchisme	n	de · mv. anarchismen	anarchism
spaarzegel	n	de · mv. spaarzegels	a saving-stamp, carrying a percentage of a savings coupon; a stamp used as proof that an installment was deposited in a financial…
vingerring	n	de · mv. vingerringen	a finger ring, designed to be worn on a finger
biep	n	de · mv. bieps	a beep or bling, such sound, notably made as a signal by a beeper or any…
zegelen	v	zegelde – gezegeld	to affix a seal or stamp; notably as proof that a sealing tax is paid; to seal up, close, using (a) seal(s)
vuurvast	a		fireproof; with fairly great heat tolerance; fit for use in cooking, refractory, ovenproof
Oost-Vlaams	a		East Flemish, from or relating to East Flanders, a Belgian province, in the…; in or relating to the East Flemish dialects
Oost-Vlaams	m		East Flemish, a (rather artificial, by analogy with West-Vlaams) group of…
schudding	n	de · mv. schuddingen	an instance or the action of shaking, trembling; a beating, hard enough to make the victim twitch in pain; figurative, a scolding
kwartetten	v	kwartette – gekwartet	to play the card game kwartet
denkfout	n	de · mv. denkfouten	thinking error
gevoel	n	het · mv. gevoelens	feeling, emotion
konings	a		royal; excellent
theorema	n	het · mv. theorema's	theorem
Assamees	a		Assamese, in, from or relating to the NE-Indian state Assam or the feudal…
Assamees	n	het · mv. Assamezen	an Assamese, inhabitant of the NE-Indian state Assam or the feudal realm…; a member of the etno-cultural Assamese people
Assamees	m		the Indo-Iranian language Assamese
pervers	a		perverse
Luxemburger	m		a Luxemburger, citizen or descendant of either territory or city named Luxemburg
Luxemburger	a		of or from Luxemburg
opdagen	v	daagde op – opgedaagd	to show up, to appear
eikenboom	n	de · mv. eikenbomen	oak tree
notenboom	n	de · mv. notenbomen	nut tree, especially walnut tree
akelig	a		unpleasant, eerie; nasty, unfriendly
klooien	v	klooide – geklooid	to (give a) beat(ing); to mess around; to sleep with, i.e. share the bed, with
klooi	n	de · mv. klooien	a dork, jerk, nobody; a bumbler, loser
geflikflooi	n	het	Continuous flattery, sycophancy; dubious business, muddling
wroeten	v	wroette – gewroet	to root, to grub; to burrow
geplaag	n	het	teasing
glunderen	v	glunderde – geglunderd	to beam (with joy)
waterhoen	n	het · mv. waterhoenen	common moorhen (Gallinula chloropus); moorhen (bird of the genus Gallinula)
wonderkind	n	het · mv. wonderkinderen	child prodigy, wunderkind; miraculously born child
acrylzuur	n	het · mv. acrylzuren	the substance acrylic acid
zwavelzuur	n	het · mv. zwavelzuren	the hydrate hygroscopic acid vitriol; an anhydride crystalline mass, sulfur's trioxide
puntmuts	n	de · mv. puntmutsen	a pointed cap
idealisme	n	het · mv. idealismes	idealism (philosophical tradition); idealism (holding or pursuit of ideals); idealism (artistic movement, tradition or typology)
aarsmade	n	de · mv. aarsmaden	The parasitic threadworm or pinworm (Enterobius vermicularis), which lives…
kietelbeurt	n	de · mv. kietelbeurten	"turn to be tickled", i.e. round of tickling
zwanger	a		pregnant; expecting a baby together
comateus	a		comatose
co-enzym	n	het · mv. co-enzymen	coenzyme
cursiefje	n	het · mv. cursiefjes	a small column (in a newspaper) about everyday situations
sjabrak	n	de/het · mv. sjabrakken	saddlecloth
geestdodend	a		mind-numbing
dodend	a		killing, deadly
gluiperig	a		sneaky, underhanded
micronatie	n	de · mv. micronaties	micronation
ministaat	n	de · mv. ministaten	ministate, microstate
herleving	n	de · mv. herlevingen	revival
soeverein	a		sovereign
simulatie	n	de · mv. simulaties	simulation
recommandatie	n	de · mv. recommandaties	recommendation
belichten	v	belichtte – belicht	to illuminate; to expose
sticht	n	het · mv. stichten	bishopric
humoristisch	a		humoristic, humorous
gradatie	n	de · mv. gradaties	gradation
wedijveren	v	wedijverde – gewedijverd	to compete, to vie
diplomatiek	a		diplomatic
geraken	v	geraakte – geraakt	to reach, to attain; to end up
redemptorist	n	de · mv. redemptoristen	a Redemptorist
monnikskap	n	de · mv. monnikskappen	A monk's hood, part of his habit; aconite, monkshood (any plant of genus Aconitum); Aconitum napellus
naleven	v	leefde na – nageleefd	to observe, live by, respect (a rule, etc.); to live on, have an afterlife, be continued after one's own time
naleven	n	het · mv. nalevens	a continued existence in a reduced form, a state of living on in a lesser form
vragelijk	a		questionable; dubious
kiesdistrict	n	het · mv. kiesdistricten	a constituency, a district for the purpose of electoral representation
lichaamstaal	n	de · mv. lichaamstalen	body language
lichaamshouding	n	de · mv. lichaamshoudingen	a pose, physical position of one's body; one's bearing, general physical attitude
binnenlands	a		interior, within a country, national, domestic
kunstbeen	n	het · mv. kunstbenen	artificial leg
tittel	n	de · mv. tittels	tittle, a small dot; tittle, a small detail
afwerk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afwerken
afwerkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afwerken
Oekraïense	n	de · mv. Oekraïensen	a Ukrainian woman
aanwijs	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanwijzen
aanwees	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanwijzen
aanwezen	n	het · mv. aanwezens	presence; existence
uitwijs	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitwijzen
uitwijst	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitwijzen
uitwees	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitwijzen
voorronde	n	de · mv. voorronden	qualifying round
gedaagde	n	de · mv. gedaagden	a summoned person, be it a party, witness or other
dagge	n	de · mv. daggen	a dagger; probably also a spit; a jointer, pointing-trowel
veldofficier	n	de · mv. veldofficieren	a field officer, ranking under general officers but above the lowest…
vlegelsman	n	de · mv. vlegelsmannen	an adult, yet knavish rogue
Romaan	m		a native speaker of a Romance language; a member or descendant of one of those peoples, or of the Latin sub()race; a male given name, equivalent to German Roman, Polish Roman, Italian Romano…
Romaan	n	de · mv. Romanen	Rhaetian, a speaker of Rhaeto-Romance
verlening	n	de · mv. verleningen	allotment
skai	n	het	leatherette
foutmarge	n	de · mv. foutmarges	a margin of error
streven	v	streefde – gestreefd	to strive; to study hard
ondeugdelijk	a		defective, inferior, unsound
dienstrooster	n	het · mv. dienstroosters	duty roster
toezeggen	v	zei toe – toegezegd	to promise, commit
pachter	n	de · mv. pachters	leaseholder, especially a tenant farmer
onderaannemer	n	de · mv. onderaannemers	subcontractor
schoolbus	n	de · mv. schoolbussen	school bus; a money box used for donating money to an education fund
pendelaar	n	de · mv. pendelaars	commuter; person using a pendulum for divination or dowsing
forens	n	de · mv. forensen	commuter
exploitatie	n	de · mv. exploitaties	exploitation (chiefly of goods)
exploiteren	v	exploiteerde – geëxploiteerd	to exploit
Beiroet	m		Beirut (the capital city of Lebanon)
aftreed	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aftreden
aftreedt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aftreden
aftrad	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aftreden
gedeputeerd	a		deputed
aanblijven	v	bleef aan – aangebleven	to remain in office
spaarrekening	n	de · mv. spaarrekeningen	savings account
marginaal	a		marginal, in or at the margin or edge(s); at the edge; borderline
marginaal	d		marginally, slightly
marginaal	n	de · mv. marginalen	a marginal person, an outcast; a freak
speelstad	n	de · mv. speelsteden	host city (for a championship); playground built as a small town
treurigmakend	a		depressing
warboel	n	de · mv. warboelen	disorderly mess
inlegzool	n	de · mv. inlegzolen	extra sole to go inside a shoe (against smell or to make it fit)
jazzzanger	n	de · mv. jazzzangers	jazz singer
jazzzangeres	n	de · mv. jazzzangeressen	jazz singer
zigeunerfamilie	n	de · mv. zigeunerfamilies	gypsy family
Moskou	m		Moscow (a federal city, the capital of Russia); a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Jeruzalem	m		Jerusalem (the claimed (and de-facto) capital city of Israel; the claimed…; a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
evenmin	d		neither
vierkantswortel	n	de · mv. vierkantswortels	square root
desastreus	a		disastrous
afgekeurd	a		rejected, deprecated
gokken	v	gokte – gegokt	to gamble; to guess, hazard a guess
culmineren	v	culmineerde – geculmineerd	to culminate, to reach one's highest altitude, to pass through the meridian; to culminate, to reach one's highpoint
regelmaat	n	de · mv. regelmaten	regularity
Parijse	n	de · mv. Parijsen	a Parisienne; a woman from Paris
boulevardpers	n	de	yellow press
scandaleus	a		scandalous
liederlijk	a		perverse, of loose morals, degenerate
berooid	a		devoid of money and possessions, destitute; poor, miserable
uitputting	n	de · mv. uitputtingen	exhaustion
combinatie	n	de · mv. combinaties	the act, process or outcome of combining; a set-up of a truck and one or more trailers; a series of moves in chess
roepnaam	n	de · mv. roepnamen	usual given name (i.e. by which one is usually called)
flikflooien	v	flikflooide – geflikflooid	to butter up, flatter hoping for profit in return; to practice flattery, sycophancy; to resort to dubious methods or ploys
onderwijl	d		in the meantime
vlooien	v	vlooide – gevlooid	to catch/remove (someone's) fleas; to flatter
snellen	v	snelde – gesneld	to rush
verbintenis	n	de · mv. verbintenissen	obligation; connection, relationship, particularly in an emotional sense
losbol	n	de · mv. losbollen	rake (a man habituated to immoral conduct)
grootvorstin	n	de · mv. grootvorstinnen	grand duchess
variabiliteit	n	de · mv. variabiliteiten	the ability to vary; a tendency to change; inconstancy, unreliability
zeepboom	n	de · mv. zeepbomen	a soapberry tree, of genus Sapindus
lexicograaf	n	de · mv. lexicografen	a lexicographer: (co-)author of a lexicon, practitioner of lexicography
stokslag	n	de · mv. stokslagen	a cane stroke or hit with another type of stick, such as hickory or even a…
janhagel	n	de/het · mv. janhagels	Joe Average; Tom, Dick and Harry; the mob, rabble
gokschuld	n	de · mv. gokschulden	A gambling debt
goktent	n	de · mv. goktenten	a gambling joint, smaller or less mundane then a casino
kontneuken	v	kontneukte – gekontneukt	to fuck in the arse
kontekletser	n	de · mv. kontekletsers	a fairly long, usually split coattail which tends to tap the wearer's…
kletsregenen	v	kletsregende – gekletsregend	to rain noisily, to pour
wijnhandelaar	n	de · mv. wijnhandelaars	wine trader
verdiend	a		merited, (well-)earned
doodbidder	n	de · mv. doodbidders	undertaker's man (who comes to collect dead bodies)
dichtbundel	n	de · mv. dichtbundels	anthology of poems
plooi	n	de · mv. plooien	crease, fold; wrinkle
plooien	v	plooide – geplooid	to pleat, fold; to gather wrinkles
grimlach	n	de · mv. grimlachen	a scornful, grim, or bitter smirk
snikken	v	snikte – gesnikt	to sob
romantiek	n	de	Romanticism
cynisch	a		cynical; Cynic, pertaining to Cynicism
zandzak	n	de · mv. zandzakken	a sandbag
verdwijning	n	de · mv. verdwijningen	disappearance
borstbeeld	n	het · mv. borstbeelden	bust (a sculptural portrayal of a person's head and shoulders)
mystificatie	n	de · mv. mystificaties	mystification (deception about the provenance of a certain piece of literature)
depressiviteit	n	de · mv. depressiviteiten	tendency towards depression
milieuvervuiling	n	de	a case of, or the phenomenon, environmental pollution
pieken	v	piekte – gepiekt	to reach a peak, culminate; to climax, (have) reach(ed) the peak (level) etc; to pick, hack, hit and affect with a pointy instrument, especially a pickaxe
knikker	n	de · mv. knikkers	a marble (toy); a billiards ball; certain seeds
dolheid	n	de · mv. dolheden	madness, insanity; mental craziness, folly; extasis
kerkganger	n	de · mv. kerkgangers	churchgoer
gaande	v		amazing, lit
bedstee	n	de · mv. bedsteden	a closet-bed; a box-bed
biograaf	n	de · mv. biografen	biographer
ril	n	de · mv. rillen	rille; groove in soil, furrow
teloorgaan	v	ging teloor – teloorgegaan	to become lost
teloor	d		to a loss, to waste
afsteek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afsteken
afsteekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afsteken
afstak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afsteken
uitdelgen	v	delgde uit – uitgedelgd	to amortize (US), amortise (UK)
lieger	n	de · mv. liegers	liar
binnenzak	n	de · mv. binnenzakken	an inside pocket, inner pocket
rijpen	v	rijpte – gerijpt	to ripen
huiselijk	a		domestic, residential, pertaining to the home or to residences; cozy, homely
handschrift	n	het · mv. handschriften	handwriting; manuscript
ongebruikelijk	a		unusual
krachtpatser	n	de · mv. krachtpatsers	bruiser, muscleman
schillen	v	schilde – geschild	to peel, pare (e.g. an apple)
zakmes	n	het · mv. zakmessen	pocketknife
eenenveertigste	a		forty-first
refereren	v	refereerde – gerefereerd	to refer to
Babylonisch	a		Babylonian
ziggoerat	n	de · mv. ziggoerats	ziggurat
teruglopen	v	liep terug – teruggelopen	to walk back; to recede, decline
ongedeeld	a		undivided
kiesrecht	n	het · mv. kiesrechten	the legislation governing the electoral process; the right to vote, suffrage
zoonlief	n	de	a parent's beloved son; sonny boy (frequently used ironically)
geadopteerde	n	de · mv. geadopteerden	adoptee
adoptieouder	n	de · mv. adoptieouders	an adoptive parent
ouderschap	n	het · mv. ouderschappen	parenthood
ouderplicht	n	de · mv. ouderplichten	parental duty
Gradus	m		a diminutive of the male given name Gerardus
schuifdak	n	het · mv. schuifdaken	a retractable roof, as to cover an open-air sports field in bad weather
adoptief	a		adoptive, by or relating to adoption
gojs	a		goy, gentile in the Jewish sense of ethnic non-Jew
gojims	a		goy, gentile in the Jewish sense of ethnic non-Jew
goj	n	de · mv. gojim	a goy, gentile in the Jewish sense of ethnic non-Jew
grootvorst	n	de · mv. grootvorsten	the princely ruler's title grand prince; any great ruler, as of a mighty empire; a master, champion in some discipline
Leids	a		of Leiden
ezelsoor	n	het · mv. ezelsoren	donkey's ear; dog-ear (on a page)
tokkelen	v	tokkelde – getokkeld	to pluck strings; to strum instruments; to tick, tap staccato
bikkel	n	de · mv. bikkels	talus, a bone in a sheep's heel; such a bone (often worked and) used as in a dice-like game of chance; any artificial, similar throwing device
Cycladen	m		the Cyclades, an Aegean island chain
kardinaalschap	n	het · mv. kardinaalschappen	a cardinalate, dignity and office of cardinal; the cardinalate, the collective of Roman Catholic cardinals comprising the…
stationsroman	n	de · mv. stationsromans	a light novel without literary ambition, strictly for entertainment, usually…
stamhoofd	n	het · mv. stamhoofden	a tribal chief or leader
stamoudste	n	de · mv. stamoudsten	a tribal elder, senior tribesman by age and/or rank, typically member of a…
intensivist	n	de · mv. intensivisten	an intensivist, an intensive-care doctor
grootbrengen	v	bracht groot – grootgebracht	to raise, bring up (a) young(ster)(s), from infancy to maturity; to educate, rear, school, coach etc. offspring or other young charges on the…; the passive grootgebracht worden means to grow up, mature (to majority)
Centraal-Amerika	m		Central America (a continental region in North America, consisting of the…
Latijns-Amerika	m		Latin America (a continental region consisting of those parts of the…
kraanman	n	de · mv. kraanmannen	a crane operator, as on a building site
verbrandingskamer	n	de · mv. verbrandingskamers	combustion chamber
Goudkust	m		the Gold Coast, a colonized coastal part of West Africa, most of which…
goudzoeker	n	de · mv. goudzoekers	gold digger, gold prospector
goudmijn	n	de · mv. goudmijnen	goldmine (mine where gold ore is extracted); goldmine (source of rich, easy profit)
goudkoorts	n	de	a gold fever, gold rush; obsessional search for gold ore; an excessive lust for profit
koortsig	a		feverish, medically affected by fever
koortsachtig	a		feverous, suffering from fever; (by far the most common use) frenetic, feverish, nervous, haste-stressed; resembling fever
koortslijder	n	de · mv. koortslijders	a fever-strikken patient; someone in a feverish hurry
Gerardus	m		a male given name similar to Gerard
bakstenen	a		made of brick(s), brick
tronk	n	de · mv. tronken	trunk, tree trunk; tree stump; prison, dungeon, stocks
schatrijk	a		loaded, very rich
gefortuneerd	a		possessing a fortune, very affluent
vestale	n	de · mv. vestalen	vestal virgin, vestal
schatplichtig	a		tributary, obliged to pay a form of tribute; obliged, having some (notably moral) debt
Nouméa	m		Nouméa (the capital city of the French overseas territory New Caledonia, a…
radja	n	de · mv. radja's	the Hindu princely title rajah, in various meanings, yet often rendered as king
echtman	n	de · mv. echtmannen	a married (usually adult) man; pl, m the Archaic plural echtelieden (unlike -mannen, which clearly suggests…
rijkaard	n	de · mv. rijkaarden	a rich, wealthy man
rijkbedeeld	a		richly endowed, well-served, given a generous portion etc
janmaat	n	de · mv. janmaats	the (common) sailor; used collectively for the sailing/nautical community
koksmaat	n	de · mv. koksmaats	A cook's mate, a kitchenhand aboard
landras	n	het · mv. landrassen	a landrace (traditional local variety of domesticated animal or plant)
bedoeïen	n	de · mv. bedoeïenen	a bedouin, member of a nomadic Arab desert tribe
waterdrager	n	de · mv. waterdragers	water bearer; servant etc. who carries water for others (troops, workers...)…; any lowly servant
veulengeld	n	het	the sum due to the equine stud's owner after the birth of a foal it sired
veulendragend	a		which carries, i.e. is pregant of, (a) foal(s) (or certain other quadruped…
trouvère	n	de · mv. trouvères	a trouvère
stokstijf	a		as stiff as a stick; stock-still, immobile; immovable, stubborn, tenacious
uurrooster	n	het · mv. uurroosters	a roster, timetable spelling out who does/have what activity when
faillissement	n	het · mv. faillissementen	a bankruptcy; the demise, the undoing of something or someone
stadjer	n	de · mv. stadjers	an inhabitant of the city of Groningen, the Netherlands
Zeist	m		a town and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
hiëroglief	n	de · mv. hiërogliefen	hieroglyph
maalsteen	n	de · mv. maalstenen	millstone
béarnaise	n	de	the béarnaise sauce
molensteen	n	de · mv. molenstenen	millstone
wastafel	n	de · mv. wastafels	washbasin
damassé	n	het · mv. damassés	. The fabric damassé, which is woven figured like damask
Mérida	m		the city Mérida in Spain's western region Estremadura, in Badajoz province; in Mexico, capital of Yucatan state; in Venezuela, an eponymous district capital in Guzman province
vlijmscherp	a		razor-sharp, said of blades and other sharpened objects; painfully sharp or acute, notably said of sensorial functions; precisely, either usefully, dangerously or harmfully, cutting, biting,…
vlijm	n	de/het · mv. vlijmen	a scalpel (sharp small knife with single 3-5 cm long cutting surface as used…; a fleam or lancet (sharp instrument with two-sided, 1-3 mm long cutting…
damast	n	het · mv. damasten	the fabric damask; a similarly decorative, 'floral' pattern, notably made on finely worked…
damasten	a		made of damask
damastachtig	a		like damask
toonbeeld	n	het · mv. toonbeelden	a paragon, model, example to be followed or imitated; an imitation, reflection, sample, illustration
begrafenisondernemer	n	de · mv. begrafenisondernemers	a funeral director, an undertaker
superheld	n	de · mv. superhelden	a superhero
mehari	n	de · mv. mehari's	a mehari (type of dromedary camel)
brandstapel	n	de · mv. brandstapels	pile used for burning at the stake; burning at the stake as a method of execution
sluikstort	n	de/het · mv. sluikstorten	an illegal garbage dump
sluikstorten	v	sluikstortte – gesluikstort	to dispose of waste illegally
Surinamer	n	de · mv. Surinamers	Surinamer
negenvoud	n	het · mv. negenvouden	a ninefold
negenvoudig	a		ninefold
enkelvoudig	a		singular, simple as opposed to any multiple
dromer	n	de · mv. dromers	a dreamer, who has (a) dream(s); a dreamy person, focused especially on dreaming, even at the expense of reality
akkefietje	n	het · mv. akkefietjes	a chore, small job; something insignificant; a minor problem, something that went wrong
postuum	a		posthumous, after death
postuum	d		posthumously, after death
proefballon	n	de · mv. proefballonnen	a trial balloon, a balloon used as a probe or to carry some test - or…; (often in the diminutive: proefballonnetje) A trial balloon, feeler, kite,…
huzaar	n	de · mv. huzaren	a hussar, light cavalrist
opcentiem	n	de · mv. opcentiemen	(generally in the plural: opcentiemen) An addition of 1 percent to a tax,…
centiem	n	de · mv. centiemen	a pittance, insignificant sum
cetologie	n	de	cetology
ongetrouwd	a		unmarried, not joined by marriage; may mean 'living in sin'; unwed, single, having no spouse
tweevoet	n	de · mv. tweevoeten	bipod
muismat	n	de · mv. muismatten	mouse mat
trits	n	de · mv. tritsen	triad, triplet, trine (group or series of three); three of a kind; a grouping of more than three elements
tweevoeter	n	de · mv. tweevoeters	a biped
tweevoets	a		two feet wide
tweepoot	n	de · mv. tweepoten	a biped, usually said about animals other than man which also walk on two…; a two-legged standard, e.g. for a bicycle
tweepotig	a		bipedal, having (and walking on) two legs/feet, mainly said about other…
tweevoetig	a		bipedal, said about man and other bipeds creatures; supported by two legs; having two metric feet
tussenpaus	n	de · mv. tussenpausen	an 'intermediary' pope, whose pontificate (term of office) is so short or…; an incumbent whose main function is not to exerce the office but to 'keep…
interrex	n	de · mv. interreges	an interrex, temporary head of state during the interregnum between two…
poppenkast	n	de · mv. poppenkasten	a portable puppet theatre and puppets for use in it; a puppet-show, notably of the Punch and Judy type; a bad, excessive or hilarious 'show', pointlessly theatrical conduct
poppenspel	n	het · mv. poppenspelen	a puppet show
verklikken	v	verklikte – verklikt	to denounce, act as informer, rat on
uitdossen	v	doste uit – uitgedost	to dress up, costume fancifully; to ornate, dote etc; to wear fanciful costume
kernkabinet	n	het · mv. kernkabinetten	the inner cabinet, the exclusive gremium of major ministers within a…; a similar cabinet committee for a specified sphere of government policy…
kraakbeen	n	het · mv. kraakbeenderen	cartilage; a piece of gristle
ketelmuziek	n	de	a charivari, cacophonous noise, mock serenade; any loud, annoying noise
verbeterhuis	n	het · mv. verbeterhuizen	a penitentiary or other house of correction; a reformatory (school)
onverbeterlijk	a		incorrigible; irreparable, not mendable; unsurpassable, beyond improvement
hes	n	de · mv. hessen	a short, protective type of blouse or shirt, typically worn by manual laborers; a light version of the above, worn as a signal, notably to be noticed by traffic
hatelijk	a		hateful, malicious; odious, abominable
hatelijk	d		hatefully
correcteur	n	de · mv. correcteurs	proofreader; censor
holst	n	het	the core, center; notably used in in het holst van de nacht 'at the dead of…
toestemmen	v	stemde toe – toegestemd	to consent, agree; to award; to allow
dirigeren	v	dirigeerde – gedirigeerd	to direct, to lead; to conduct, to musically direct an orchestra, choir or other ensemble
kurken	a		made or consisting of cork
formalisme	n	het · mv. formalismes	formalism
dagschotel	n	de · mv. dagschotels	plat du jour, special (dish which is promoted on the menu of the day in a…
dagloon	n	het · mv. daglonen	daily pay, daily wages, as opposed to hourly or long-term remuneration
dagloner	n	de · mv. dagloners	a dayworker, day-labourer; one who works for daily wages, and is employed on…
voetvolk	n	het	the infantry, the non-mounted troops
voetsoldaat	n	de · mv. voetsoldaten	a foot soldier, infantryman
infanterist	n	de · mv. infanteristen	foot soldier, infantryman
infanterie	n	de · mv. infanteries	the infantry, non-mounted troops, notably on land
tweeklank	n	de · mv. tweeklanken	a diphthong
dankwoord	n	het · mv. dankwoorden	a speech of thanks, a word of thanks
ranglijst	n	de · mv. ranglijsten	a ranking in the form of a list
loonlijst	n	de · mv. loonlijsten	a wage-sheet, payroll; someone's sway, (bought) influence
huiszoekingsbevel	n	het · mv. huiszoekingsbevelen	a search warrant, court order authorizing the authorities to search a home…
Aadje	m		a diminutive of the male given name Aad
hermeneutisch	a		hermeneutic, hermeneutical
melkmuil	n	de · mv. melkmuilen	an immature person, notably an ignorant novice; greenhorn
melkman	n	de · mv. melkmannen	a milkman, dairy seller and/or - deliver
pratatief	a		talkative
spaargeld	n	het · mv. spaargelden	one's savings
spaarder	n	de · mv. spaarders	a saver, who makes/own savings; the holder of a savings account
oorvijg	n	de · mv. oorvijgen	a box, cuff on the ear, a painful smack on the side of the face with a flat hand
oorvegen	v	oorveegde – geoorveegd	to box someone's ear(s), administer at least one cuff on the ear
parenthese	n	de · mv. parenthesen	a parenthesis, clause or digression within a phrase; a pair of parenthetic brackets (or short vertical dashes: - --), as used to…; a pair of parenthetic brackets used to clarify a mathematical expression
voer	n	het	fodder, grub, animal food, feed, (for humans) inferior food; load; act(ion), deed
veeg	n	de · mv. vegen	a swipe, vivid movement
veeg	a		doomed to die; near death; doomed
registrator	n	de · mv. registrators	a registrant or registrar, person (notably clerk) charged with keeping (a)…; a recorder, registring device or person taking notes as if automatically…
registratie	n	de · mv. registraties	a registration, the act of registering or being registered; an office in charge of registrations, especially when it also receives…; a registration, the act of selecting stops on an organ
knapenliefde	n	de · mv. knapenliefdes	a love for boys, i.e. pedophilia directed to boys as sexually attractive; homosexuality
knapenschennis	n	de · mv. knapenschennissen	a pederasty, sexual abuse of (a) male minor(s)
majesteitsschennis	n	de · mv. majesteitsschennissen	a lese majesty, high crime against the person of a monarch, or the monarchy…
nagras	n	het · mv. nagrassen	the lattermath, grass grown after the first crop has been harvested for hay; the leftovers
bestuurstaal	n	de · mv. bestuurstalen	an official language which is used by public authorities for administrative…
Groenlands	a		Greenlandic, in or referring to Greenland, its people etc; in or relating to the Greenlandic native (Inuit) language (see below)
Groenlands	n	het	the Greenlandic native (Inuit) language
meisjesnaam	n	de · mv. meisjesnamen	a given name to a female person or girl; the surname of a woman before she is married and adopted the surname of her…
familienaam	n	de · mv. familienamen	surname; name of a taxonomic family
geslachtsnaam	n	de · mv. geslachtsnamen	family name
doopnaam	n	de · mv. doopnamen	baptismal name
persoonsnaam	n	de · mv. persoonsnamen	a personal name, a proper name identifying an individual person, especially…
jongensnaam	n	de · mv. jongensnamen	a given name to a male person or boy
vleinaam	n	de · mv. vleinamen	pet name, name of endearment, nickname
afgelegen	a		remote
Siberië	m		Siberia (the region of Russia in Asia); a hamlet in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
middelnaam	n	de · mv. middelnamen	middle name; a trait, activity, or action closely associated with a person
meteoriet	n	de · mv. meteorieten	meteorite
verwoesting	n	de · mv. verwoestingen	devastation, destruction
schattebout	n	de · mv. schattebouten	A term of endearment: darling, precious, sweetie
Nieuw-Amsterdam	m		New Amsterdam, the Dutch colony on the North American East Coast which later…; a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands; a fortress, village, ressort, and capital of Commewijne, Suriname
Amstel	m		a river in the Netherlands; a poetic metonym for Amsterdam, which lies on the river and is named after it
Amstels	a		on or otherwise relating to the river Amstel; relating to Amsterdam, the major Dutch port city on it, named after it and…
heldendicht	n	het · mv. heldendichten	an epic, narrative poem (or by extension prose), notably on a hero; an epic episode or scene
heldendaad	n	de · mv. heldendaden	a heroic deed, act, feat
miauwerik	n	de · mv. miauweriken	a cat, notably when it meows
mauwer	n	de · mv. mauwers	a meower, usually a cat
gemiauw	n	het	the act, an instance or rather an (often annoying) episode of meowing; the sound of meowing
hellegebroed	n	het	a hellspawn, (a) creature(s) from hell; the worst, vilest, most vicious, fiendish or monstruous
flens	n	de · mv. flensen	a small, flat pancake; a flange, rim or collar on a metal object; the flattened end of a metal bar, to be fixed on a surface
flens	i		An exclamation used to express hitting or throwing
domweg	d		stupidly, simply (in a negative sense)
foutenrapportage	n	de · mv. foutenrapportages	error report
kipfilet	n	de/het · mv. kipfilets	chicken fillet
plompzakken	v	plompzakte – geplompzakt	to insert both the penis and the scrotum into the vagina during sex
stemgeluid	n	het · mv. stemgeluiden	tone of voice
woordgroep	n	de · mv. woordgroepen	word category or word group
wrikken	v	wrikte – gewrikt	to pry, wrench
rustiek	a		rustic; unrefined, uneducated, uncivilised
trekdier	n	het · mv. trekdieren	a draught animal, used to draw a load or loaded cart, plow etc
werkdier	n	het · mv. werkdieren	a working animal, a domesticated animal put to work of use for man, as…
rijdier	n	het · mv. rijdieren	a riding-animal or mount, a domesticated animal used to carry a rider on its…
berijder	n	de · mv. berijders	a rider, who rides a mount; a mobile deputy mandated by a Flemish baljuw (high feudal bailiff) to render…
ploegjongen	n	de · mv. ploegjongens	a plowboy, boy who helps the plowman by driving the draught animals in front…
bieper	n	de · mv. biepers	one that beeps; a beeper, a noise-signalling device
opbiepen	v	biepte op – opgebiept	to beep (someone), call by beeper
Oosten	n	het	the Orient, Oriental countries and cultures, the East, the Eastern world
dalmatiek	n	de · mv. dalmatieken	a dalmatic, notably as Catholic liturgic vestment
Ripuariër	n	de · mv. Ripuariërs	a Ripuarian (Frank)
Oudnoors	n	het	Old Norwegian
Oudnoors	a		Old Norwegian
pantoffel	n	de · mv. pantoffels	slipper (footwear, notably bedroom or house slipper)
beeldmontage	n	de · mv. beeldmontages	a montage composed from various pictures or (e.g. film) images
nabuurschap	n	het · mv. nabuurschappen	neighborhood (quality of nearness), proximity; neighbourliness; a neighbourly disposition
nabuur	n	de · mv. naburen	neighbouring country, state; the ruler of the above
Dalmatië	m		Dalmatia (a historical region of Croatia, on the eastern coast of the…
Dalmatisch	a		Dalmatian, from or relating to Dalmatia
roskop	n	de · mv. roskoppen	a redhead, ginger
weersverwachting	n	de · mv. weersverwachtingen	weather forecast
krachtterm	n	de · mv. krachttermen	an expletive; a profane or abusive term, notably a curse, blasphemous or…
retentor	n	de · mv. retentoren	the holder of a right of retensio, i.e. to keep something one doesn't own
ploegman	n	de · mv. ploegmannen	a plowman, male plower; a man belonging to a team or crew
klauteren	v	klauterde – geklauterd	to climb
ploeger	n	de · mv. ploegers	a plower, plowman; a farmer whose land is large enough to use/need a plow
ploegos	n	de · mv. ploegossen	an ox used to pull a plow
crisette	n	de · mv. crisettes	a minor crisis, notably in politics
zenuwinstorting	n	de · mv. zenuwinstortingen	a nervous breakdown, mental collapse
Habsburg	m		m the Habsburg castle in Aargau (northern Switzerland); n the Habsburg noble family named after it
koperen	a		copper, coppern; brass, brazen
koperen	v	koperde – gekoperd	to copper, mount, cover, coat or otherwise fit with copper or brassware; to copper, colour (e.g. paint) like brass; to have the colour of brass
ouderloos	a		parentless, without any parent
vaderloos	a		fatherless, without a father
overheersen	v	overheerste – overheerst	to dominate
gesmeerd	a		smooth, without problems (as if grease were applied to it)
fluvioglaciaal	a		fluvioglacial, having to do with meltwater
theeventer	n	de · mv. theeventers	tea vendor
puntschoen	n	de · mv. puntschoenen	pointy shoe
wetgever	n	de · mv. wetgevers	a legislator, a lawmaker or lawgiver, a person who or an institution which…; Title of Moses, Jesus or God
stuntel	n	de · mv. stuntels	a bumbler, klutz
boerenstand	n	de · mv. boerenstanden	the peasantry, the rural component of the third estate
verbloeming	n	de · mv. verbloemingen	a euphemistic or masked phrasing, vaguery; an excuse, apologetic phrasing, justification; a rhetoric figure of speech
brilslang	n	de · mv. brilslangen	Indian cobra (Naja naja)
gifslang	n	de · mv. gifslangen	a venomous snake, poisonous serpent
slangengif	n	het · mv. slangengiffen	snake venom (poison that a serpent administers through its fangs)
standenvergadering	n	de · mv. standenvergaderingen	a representative assembly of the social estates
paternalisme	n	het · mv. paternalismen	paternalism
adelstand	n	de · mv. adelstanden	nobility (noble or privileged social class); nobility (the quality of being noble)
aristocratie	n	de · mv. aristocratieën	aristocracy (nobility, or the hereditary ruling class.); aristocracy (government by an aristocratic class); aristocracy, nobility (upper crust, top people)
rouwkleur	n	de · mv. rouwkleuren	a mournful colour, as befits funeral proceedings; a sad or depressing colour
tijdvak	n	het · mv. tijdvakken	a (long) period of time, notably one of the chronological divisions of…; an age, era, the period something exists, thrives etc
wetgeven	v		to legislate, make (a) law(s)
bouwvak	n	het · mv. bouwvakken	the construction business, trade; the builder's profession, métier; the construction workers' summer holidays
vakwerk	n	het · mv. vakwerken	a good, professional-level job, ably skilled performance; a construction technique where a building's (exterior) wall is divided up by…; a truss, a support structure of interconnected beams or girders forming…
pleisterwerk	n	het · mv. pleisterwerken	the (construction) activity plastering; a plastering job; its stucco results
pleisterkalk	n	de	the material plaster(ing chalk), stucco
pleisteren	a		plaster; cast in plaster
pleisteren	v	pleisterde – gepleisterd	to (apply) plaster, stucco; to apply a (medical) plaster; to smear, cover (up) (notably cosmetically), hide
watervogel	n	de · mv. watervogels	an aquatic bird
pechvogel	n	de · mv. pechvogels	a human jinx, unlucky person, who seems to attract bad luck
ongeluksvogel	n	de · mv. ongeluksvogels	a human jinx, unlucky person, who seems to attract bad luck
vogeldrager	n	de · mv. vogeldragers	a mason's assistant, typically fetching building materials etc
lastdrager	n	de · mv. lastdragers	one which carries loads such as a porter; a servant; roof rack of a vehicle or back rack of a utility bicycle
Saintes	m		a city in the southeastern French département Charente-Maritime, the former…; a French Catholic diocese named after the above, its see; a French arrondissement named after the above, its capital
schoothond	n	de · mv. schoothonden	a lapdog, a canine pet which is small and/or frequently cuddled; a human, (nearly) willless 'pet' or flunky
schootkind	n	het · mv. schootkinderen	a small child, easy to take on an adult's lap; a child which enjoys sitting on the lap; a coddled, pampered child
zorgenkind	n	het · mv. zorgenkinderen	a problem child, troubled and/or troublesome youngster or offspring; any source of grave/regular worries
probleemkind	n	het · mv. probleemkinderen	a problem child, troubled and/or troublesome youngster; a weak spot, source of grave/regular worries
Istanboel	m		Istanbul (a city in Turkey); Istanbul (a province in Turkey)
profi	n	de · mv. profi's	pro, professional
profi	a		professional, expert
schoenmaker	n	de · mv. schoenmakers	shoemaker (artisan who produces and repairs shoes)
paswoord	n	het · mv. paswoorden	a password
spruiten	v	sproot – gesproten	to sprout; to spring, come out (of)
revo	n	de	the 1980 Surinamese coup d'état; the self-proclaimed revolutionary military dictatorship that ruled Suriname…
catastrofaal	a		catastrophic
oekaze	n	de · mv. oekazen	an ukase, absolutist edict decreed by a Russian czar or (later) emperor; any absolute order and/or arrogant proclamation
dwergster	n	de · mv. dwergsterren	dwarf star
melkwegstelsel	n	het · mv. melkwegstelsels	galaxy
Oekraïner	n	de · mv. Oekraïners	Ukrainian (a native or inhabitant of Ukraine)
wildeling	n	de · mv. wildelingen	a wild plant, notably a fruit tree (or part thereof) fit for improvement of…; a fruit from such crop; any (notably wild) twigs used for improvement
dorpeling	n	de · mv. dorpelingen	villager; rustic, (simple) countryman; boor, country bumpkin, yokel
versleutelen	v	versleutelde – versleuteld	to encrypt
nijdas	n	de · mv. nijdassen	a grouch, cross-patch, nastily grumpy man
Praags	a		of, from or related to the Czech capital Prague
vleien	v	vleide – gevleid	to flatter, coax, sweet-talk, wheedle (praise excessively and disingenuously); to convince, talk into, talk over; to entice, lure, seduce
jantje	n	het · mv. jantjes	a (Dutch) marine or sailor
zeepbes	n	de · mv. zeepbessen	the fruit of a soapberry (Sapindus tree)
zeepnoot	n	de · mv. zeepnoten	the fruit of a soapberry (Sapindus tree)
zeep-appel	n	de · mv. zeep-appels	the fruit of a soapberry (Sapindus tree)
eetappel	n	de · mv. eetappelen	an apple (of a) variety best fit to be eaten whole and raw, peeled or not,…
kookappel	n	de · mv. kookappelen	an apple (of a) variety best fit to be used in the kitchen for relatively…
ruitjes	n		a checkered pattern
tering	n	de	expenses
tering	i		shit! damn!
inspirator	n	de · mv. inspiratoren	an inspirer, inspirator, one that gives (creative) inspiration
zandloper	n	de · mv. zandlopers	hourglass, egg timer; synonym of strandplevier; synonym of strandleeuwerik
uurglas	n	het · mv. uurglazen	hourglass
zeedier	n	het · mv. zeedieren	a marine animal
opdienen	v	diende op – opgediend	to serve (food)
eetlust	n	de	an appetite, lusting to eat
muisje	n	het · mv. muisjes	sprinkles of aniseed covered with sugar
Miek	m		a diminutive of the female given name Maria
Josepha	m		a female given name, equivalent to English Josephine
Josefien	m		a female given name, equivalent to English Josephine
Marietje	m		a diminutive of the female given name Marie
uitlenen	v	leende uit – uitgeleend	to lend out
oogst	n	de · mv. oogsten	harvest
ontregelen	v	ontregelde – ontregeld	to disrupt
clitoridectomie	n	de	clitoridectomy, the usually mutilative removal or cutting of the clitoris
kuisvrouw	n	de · mv. kuisvrouwen	a female cleaner
kuisploeg	n	de · mv. kuisploegen	a team of cleaners
tegenploeg	n	de · mv. tegenploegen	an adversary, an opposing team; the opposite side in a team competition
opslag	n	de · mv. opslagen	storage; raise (in wages)
lukraak	d		haphazardly, at random, hit or miss, indiscriminately, without proper planning
lukraak	a		random, indiscriminate, haphazard, without proper planning; uncertain, dubious
acrofobie	n	de	acrophobia
looppas	n	de · mv. looppassen	the double, a pace at running speed, similar to the double-quick
sultanshoen	n	het · mv. sultanshoenders	synonym of purperkoet (“sultana bird (Porphyrio porphyrio)”)
sultanaat	n	het · mv. sultanaten	a sultanate, (Muslim) state ruled by a sultan(ic dynasty); the dignity, throne of a sultan
lulkoek	n	de	bullshit, poppycock, nonsense
leenhulde	n	de · mv. leenhulden	a homage, paid by a vassal in recognition for the fief bestowed upon him
leenheer	n	de · mv. leenheren	feudal lord, thegn
baanderheer	n	de · mv. baanderheren	banneret, banner lord; one of various knightly ranks or titles; any arrogant, haughty 'lordly' person
panamahoed	n	de · mv. panamahoeden	a Panama hat, a lightweight straw hat type
Panamakanaal	m		Panama Canal (a canal in Panama)
Panamees	a		Panamanian, from or relating to the Latin American country Panama
Panamees	n	de · mv. Panamezen	a Panamanian, member or descendant of the population of Panama
klos	n	de · mv. klossen	spool, bobbin; wooden or metal reel or similar object; hardwood beam for sewing into planks, notably oak
klos	i		The sound of clumsily placed, heavy footwear
afstraffing	n	de · mv. afstraffingen	a stern, severe punishment, in particular as retribution; a castigation (a humiliating or sobering experience); a painful, embarrassing failure or defeat, a beating
tekenaap	n	de · mv. tekenapen	a pantograph designed as a drawing aid
apenstreek	n	de · mv. apenstreken	monkey business, prank
oortje	n	het · mv. oortjes	earphone; earpiece (small speaker placed in the ear)
kloosterorde	n	de · mv. kloosterorden	a monastic order
kloosterling	n	de · mv. kloosterlingen	any member of a monastic community, whether priest, lay brother or nun
grootstad	n	de · mv. grootsteden	a big/major city, up to a metropolis
binnenstad	n	de · mv. binnensteden	inner city
leengoed	n	het · mv. leengoederen	a property (usually an estate) which is held in fief; anything held in loan or lease, or otherwise temporarily; a property which generates income that is made part of a fief
leenrecht	n	het · mv. leenrechten	the feudal law, legislation concerning fiefs, feudal lords, vassals etc
onleengoed	n	het · mv. onleengoederen	an estate which is held as an allodium, not enfeoffed
dokken	v	dokte – gedokt	to pay, to pay up; to dock, to place in a dock; to dock, to go into a dock
Esculaap	m		Aesculapius, the Greco-Roman god of healing
esculaap	n	de · mv. esculapen	Rod of Asclepius (symbol of medicine)
connétable	n	de · mv. connétables	constable of France (supreme commander of the French army or another…
drinkrietje	n	het · mv. drinkrietjes	a drinking straw
Katangees	a		Katangese, from Katanga (any sense)
Katangees	n	de · mv. Katangezen	a Katangese, inhabitant or descendant of the population of Katanga
radjah	n	de · mv. radjahs	rajah
fiscaliteit	n	de · mv. fiscaliteiten	the fiscality, all matters concerning taxation; the totality of taxes raised from a population; the burden of being taxable, taxability
belastingen	n		the fiscality, taxation; the tax office/administration
belastbaar	a		taxable, subject to taxation
janken	v	jankte – gejankt	to whine; to cry
agrimonie	n	de · mv. agrimonies	agrimony, plant of the genus Agrimonia
lijfeigene	n	de · mv. lijfeigenen	serf (person whose very bodily person is legally owned by a master, yet…
lijfeigen	a		serfish, whose very bodily person is legally owned by a master
lijfsbehoud	n	het	the physical preservation of (one's) life, bodily survival
aflijvig	a		dead, deceased, departed (from life)
aflijven	v	lijfde af – afgelijfd	to depart from life, die
Texaan	n	de · mv. Texanen	a Texan, person from Texas
wisselstuk	n	het · mv. wisselstukken	spare part
muntstuk	n	het · mv. muntstukken	a coin, metallic piece of cash
muntslag	n	de · mv. muntslagen	a mintage or coinage, physical production of coins; the issuing of money (including bills) as legal tender; the right to do so
Papoea-Nieuw-Guinea	m		Papua New Guinea (a country in Oceania)
Saudi-Arabië	m		Saudi Arabia (a country in West Asia in the Middle East)
cotyledo	n	het · mv. cotyledonen	a cotyledon, early leaf developed by a seed plant's embryo; a cotyledon, placental lobule
zeevis	n	de · mv. zeevissen	a marine fish (fish that lives at sea)
maanoog	n	het · mv. maanogen	the chronic, equine inflammatory eye disease moon blindness
Béarn	m		Béarn (a geographic area and former province in the current…
snobisme	n	het	snobbishness
pinda	n	de · mv. pinda's	a peanut, the nut-like pod containing the edible seed(s) of a leguminous plant; the annual herb Arachis hypogaea, which produces the above; pl the above seeds, gathered to be eaten as a snack or processed into food…
marxisme	n	het	Marxism
wonderknaap	n	de · mv. wonderknapen	a boy genius, male child prodigy; any wonderboy, boy l.s. (child or man) excelling in something
titulair	a		titular; in name (only)
damastroos	n	de · mv. damastrozen	a damask rose (Rosa × damascena), a source of attar and major rose breeding…
rozenwater	n	het · mv. rozenwaters	rosewater
reukwater	n	het · mv. reukwaters	scented watery liquid, notably toilet water
supermacht	n	de · mv. supermachten	a military/political superpower, a great power of the highest rank
superkracht	n	de · mv. superkrachten	an exceptional strength; a supernatural and/or fictional superpower, as often ascribed to…
krachtproef	n	de · mv. krachtproeven	an individual trial as test of strength; a showdown, competitive test of strength between two or more parties
aartsvader	n	de · mv. aartsvaders	a Biblical patriarch; primary ancestor, notably of a tribe or people; a family's patriarch, most senior male ancestor
aartsvaderlijk	a		patriarchal, pertaining to the Biblical patriarchs
voorvaderlijk	a		ancestral, relating to forefather(s)
steenuil	n	de · mv. steenuilen	the little owl (Athene noctua)
landdier	n	het · mv. landdieren	terrestrial animal, species which lives on land
waterdier	n	het · mv. waterdieren	an aquatic animal (animal which lives (primarily) in water)
fricatief	a		fricative
fricatief	n	de · mv. fricatieven	a fricative consonant
wrijfklank	n	de · mv. wrijfklanken	a fricative, consonant sound
gaai	n	de · mv. gaaien	jaybird (Garrulus glandarius), a woodland corvine species; a wooden, somewhat bird-shaped target, often ornamented with bright plumes,…; the high wooden stake or tower the above is mounted on
kwark	n	de	the soft creamy cheese type quark, made from unripe milk; a portion of quark (usually in the diminutive form)
naamgenoot	n	de · mv. naamgenoten	namesake (person who shares the same name)
muntjak	n	de · mv. muntjaks	muntjac, deer of the genus Muntiacus
lotgenoot	n	de · mv. lotgenoten	a fellow, companion, mate or partner in some form of fate, being subject to…
stamgenoot	n	de · mv. stamgenoten	a fellow tribesman, member of the same tribe
bedgenoot	n	de · mv. bedgenoten	a bedfellow, bedmate; one of several persons sharing a bed; a sex partner, someone with whom one has sex
bruinachtig	a		brownish
makker	n	de · mv. makkers	a mate, comrade, colleague, fellow, companion, (not very close) friend, ally etc
kerstboom	n	de · mv. kerstbomen	a Christmas tree, a decorated tree set up during the Christmas holiday season; a species or variety of conifer that is usually decorated in this way
scheepsgenoot	n	de · mv. scheepsgenoten	a shipmate, crewmate, fellow crewmember of the same ship
reisgenoot	n	de · mv. reisgenoten	fellow traveller, travel companion (person who shares one's company on a…
koolraap	n	de · mv. koolrapen	a rutabaga (Brassica napus, notably the variety Brassica napus var.…; a swede, the edible part (yellow root) of the above; the related Brassica oleracea var. gongylodes or Brassica oleracea var.…
disgenoot	n	de · mv. disgenoten	a table companion, one of several people seated and eating at the same…
voskleurig	a		bayard, foxy, reddish brown; notably said of horses and all hair
Bims	m		synonym of Bijlmermeer
Marshallees	a		in, from or relating to the Micronesian island state Marshall Islands; belonging or relating to the people of those islands; in or relating to their language
Marshallees	n	de · mv. Marshallezen	a Marshallese person
Marshallees	m		the Marshallese language
volière	n	de · mv. volières	aviary
scholen	v	schoolde – geschoold	to school, give formal/organized training
glottisslag	n	de · mv. glottisslagen	a glottal stop, plosive sound formed in and articulated with the glottis
statief	n	het · mv. statieven	a tripod serving as an optic - or other device's three-legged stand or mount
analepsis	n	de	analepsis
kout	n	de	banter, chit-chat, pleasant but idle talk
slagveld	n	het · mv. slagvelden	battlefield; carnage, disaster area
binnengaan	v	ging binnen – binnengegaan	to enter, go into (a room, etc.); to go inside
cardioloog	n	de · mv. cardiologen	a cardiologist, a medical specialist in heart diseases
mathematicus	n	de · mv. mathematici	a mathematician, person studying or versed in mathematics
haarstuk	n	het · mv. haarstukken	a hairpiece
dankbaarheid	n	de · mv. dankbaarheden	thankfulness, gratitude
kledingstuk	n	het · mv. kledingstukken	a garment, a single item/article of clothing
bima	n	de · mv. bima's	bima (raised platform in a synagogue)
Sorbisch	a		Sorbian, belonging or relating to the Sorbian people; Sorbian, in or relating to the Sorbian language
Sorbisch	m		the Sorbian (West Slavic) language
gecompliceerd	a		complicated, complex or convoluted
mijter	n	de · mv. mijters	mitre (headgear worn on solemn occasions by church dignitaries); the insect mite, notably as wood corruptor; any wood affected by the above
klokhuis	n	het · mv. klokhuizen	the core (central part) of some fruit, containing the kernels or seeds; a construction (building or part) which houses (a) bell(s) and/or where they…; other things resembling the above by shape
kalverkop	n	de · mv. kalverkoppen	a calf's head; the dish veal head; a meathead, moron, stupid person
marginaliteit	n	de	the status marginality, being marginal, outcast etc; A marginal way of life, life on the edge, living as an outcast
Goedele	m		a female given name, a diminutive of Gudula
Lieven	m		a male given name
Gudula	m		a female given name
schellen	v	schelde – gescheld	to peel; to be peeled; to ring a bell
drievoet	n	de · mv. drievoeten	a tripod: vessel, stool, bench or stand on three legs
Goele	m		a female given name, a diminutive of Goedele
Lieve	m		a female given name, diminutive of Godelieve
Godelieve	m		a female given name
Veerle	m		a female given name
Veerletje	m		a female given name, a diminutive of Veerle
Basiel	m		a male given name, a diminutive of Basilius, the Latin form of Basil
koevoet	n	de · mv. koevoeten	a wedge-shaped crowbar
voetenwerk	n	het	someone's footwork; notably the lower limb 'dexterity' of a football (l.s.)…
Renaat	m		a male given name, a diminutive of Renatus, the Latin of René
voetkus	n	de · mv. voetkussen	foot kiss; reverential kiss on foot or footwear
oppositielid	n	de · mv. oppositieleden	a member of the (notably political) opposition
erelid	n	het · mv. ereleden	an honorary member
ereloon	n	het · mv. erelonen	an honorarium, a customary ('honorary') or often regulated fee for the…
weekloon	n	het · mv. weeklonen	a week's pay, weekly wage
beffen	v	befte – gebeft	to put on an ornamental band or collar on (someone's formal dress); to wear such a collar; hence, to look smart(ly dressed)
sopraan	n	de · mv. sopranen	the soprano, the highest of the four traditional voice registers, even above…; a soprano or treble, singer or instrument with such natural register
huidarts	n	de · mv. huidartsen	a dermatologist, specialist in skin conditions
lijfarts	n	de · mv. lijfartsen	a personal physician (as attached to a prince, statesman etc.)
doodsoorzaak	n	de · mv. doodsoorzaken	cause of death
doodshoofd	n	het · mv. doodshoofden	a death's-head, a (human) skull, notably as an emblem
hoofddeksel	n	het · mv. hoofddeksels	a headgear, object worn as headdress
aanhalingsteken	n	het · mv. aanhalingstekens	quotation mark
gebieder	n	de · mv. gebieders	one who gives orders, commander; a commanding officer; a ruler
bruikbaarheid	n	de · mv. bruikbaarheden	usefulness
zusterschap	n	de/het · mv. zusterschappen	sisterhood
troffel	n	de · mv. troffels	trowel; scoop of resembling shape, as used for gardening; blow, hit
camoufleren	v	camoufleerde – gecamoufleerd	to camouflage, to hide, to disguise
hollen	v	holde – gehold	to (make) hollow, empty (the inside); to make by hollowing; to run fast or frantically, run away, flee etc
fagottiste	n	de · mv. fagottistes	a female bassoonist
ontkurken	v	ontkurkte – ontkurkt	to uncork (a bottle etc.); hence, to open (for use, notably drinking)
vauxhall	n	de · mv. vauxhalls	some type of attraction on a funfair
rangorde	n	de · mv. rangordes	an ordered sequence by rank; an ordering in ranks; a rank, especially numbered
rangtelwoord	n	het · mv. rangtelwoorden	an ordinal number word; a word indicating an item's relative place (rank) in…
telbaar	a		countable, which can be counted, expressed numerically
ontelbaar	a		uncountable, which cannot be counted, expressed numerically; innumerable, of very great number
altviool	n	de · mv. altviolen	a viola, string instrument of the violin family in the alto range
huiszoeking	n	de · mv. huiszoekingen	a house-search, thorough search of a home or other privately owned real…
Waal	m		the Waal (a river and distributary of the Rhine that runs through the…; a hamlet in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Waal	n	de · mv. Walen	a Walloon person, a person from Wallonia
Waals	m		Walloon (the language)
Waals	a		Walloon; relating to the Walloon church
Roemeense	n	de · mv. Roemeensen	Romanian (female inhabitant of Romania)
Deense	n	de · mv. Deensen	a Danish woman
Bulgaarse	n	de · mv. Bulgaarsen	Bulgarian (female inhabitant of Bulgaria)
mangelen	v	mangelde – gemangeld	to lack; to fail, fall short; to wring laundry (manually) trough a mangle (cognate
obesitas	n	de	obesity, especially as a medical syndrome
lippenstift	n	de · mv. lippenstiften	a lipstick; the material a lipstick is made of
genadig	a		lenient, clement; merciful
orbitaal	a		orbital, concerning a circulating object's orbit; orbital, of or relating to the eye socket (eyehole))
orbitaal	n	de/het · mv. orbitalen	orbital
brunchen	v	brunchte – gebruncht	to (have) brunch, take a single meal serving as both (late) breakfast and…
lunchen	v	lunchte – geluncht	to (have) lunch
overgewicht	n	het · mv. overgewichten	overweight (excess of traded goods or bodyweight); obesity
kneus	n	de · mv. kneuzen	a bruise, hurt body part (notably skin) without an open wound; a bruised egg; a violation, infraction
ondank	n	de	ingratitude, lack of gratitude or even an inverse reward
dankloos	a		thankless, ungrateful, yielding (little or) no gratitude or reward
ondankbaar	a		ungrateful, showing no gratitude; thankless, yielding (little or) no thanks or reward; unproductive
klokkenluider	n	de · mv. klokkenluiders	a bell ringer, who sounds (a) bell(s), as in a church's bell tower; a whistle-blower; an insider who comes forward to make a scandal, etc. public
klokkentoren	n	de · mv. klokkentorens	a bell tower, tower where (a) bell(s) hang(s) to be played
wachttoren	n	de · mv. wachttorens	a watchtower, tower from where guards etc. can keep a watchful eye
wachthuisje	n	het · mv. wachthuisjes	a sentry-box, booth to provide elementary shelter to a sentry; a wachtman's hut
Egbert	m		a male given name
biechtstoel	n	de · mv. biechtstoelen	a confessional chair (often rather a booth) where a confessor can privately…
sjabloon	n	de/het · mv. sjablonen	template
symfonie	n	de · mv. symfonieën	symphony
schaatsen	v	schaatste – geschaatst	to skate
huisschilder	n	de · mv. huisschilders	painter (often laborer) who does (non-artistic) painting
balpen	n	de · mv. balpennen	a ballpoint pen, industrially produced pen type
hijgen	v	hijgde – gehijgd	to pant, to gasp for breath
bergrug	n	de · mv. bergruggen	a mountain-ridge, (line/view formed by) a (chain of) mountain top(s); the top section of a mountain, where its slopes meet
keelklank	n	de · mv. keelklanken	a guttural sound
keelgat	n	het · mv. keelgaten	throat, throat opening, windpipe opening
neusgat	n	het · mv. neusgaten	nostril
neusbeen	n	het · mv. neusbeenderen	the nasal bone
boemerang	n	de · mv. boemerangs	boomerang
studiebeurs	n	de · mv. studiebeurzen	scholarship, grant as study allowance to a student or researcher
gonorroe	n	de	the STD gonorrhea
neusgang	n	de · mv. neusgangen	nasal passage
terpentijn	n	de · mv. terpentijnen	the volatile essential oil turpentine naturally occurring in certain tree resins; terebinth (Pistacia terebinthus) and some related species of tree, which…
ontnemen	v	ontnam – ontnomen	to take from, to deprive of
reddingsboot	n	de · mv. reddingsboten	a lifeboat, a boat to save people at sea or in deep internal waters
vingertop	n	de · mv. vingertoppen	fingertip
affricaat	n	de · mv. affricaten	affricate
Beiers	a		Bavarian, in, from or relating to Bavaria, its Germanic people and culture
Beiers	m		the (High) German dialect group Bavarian, spoken in Bavaria
balspel	n	het · mv. balspelen	a ballgame, sport or game played with (a) ball(s)
Siciliaans	a		Sicilian, relating to the island Sicily, its inhabitants or their language…
Siciliaans	n	het	the Sicilian language (or dialect), as distinct from Italian; the Sicilian chess opening starting with 1. e4 c5
ballenspel	n	het · mv. ballenspelen	a ballgame played with multiple balls, notably billiards
ballenjongen	n	de · mv. ballenjongens	a ball boy, who fetches balls and may perform other menial services to ball…
leerjongen	n	de · mv. leerjongens	a male apprentice, notably a junior apprentice
schooljongen	n	de · mv. schooljongens	a schoolboy, junior male pupil
prothese	n	de · mv. prothesen	the act of artificially replacing a body part; a prosthesis, the artificial replacement for a body part; the addition of sound(s) at the beginning of a word after blurring of its…
onwel	a		sick, unhealthy
maximaal	a		maximal
minimaal	a		minimal
hooiberg	n	de · mv. hooibergen	a haystack; mound, pile or stack of stored hay; a Dutch barn, a hay barrack
roeiboot	n	de · mv. roeiboten	a rowing boat
bedlegerig	a		bedridden, confined to bed, usually on medical grounds
Voer	m		a minor tributary of the river Maas (Meuse)
glijbaan	n	de · mv. glijbanen	children's slide
glijmiddel	n	het · mv. glijmiddelen	a lubricant (for mechanical parts or for sexual intercourse)
paardenmiddel	n	het · mv. paardenmiddelen	a drastic, often desperate remedy or solution
paardenstaart	n	de · mv. paardenstaarten	a horse's tail; a ponytail (hairstyle); a horsetail (plant of the genus Equisetum)
tolk-ambtenaar	n	de · mv. tolken-ambtenaren	an official interpreter in public service, not self- or privately employed
milieuambtenaar	n	de · mv. milieuambtenaren	an environmental officer in some public service
rijksambtenaar	n	de · mv. rijksambtenaren	a public servant working for a national government, usually one working in…
rijksappel	n	de · mv. rijksappels	a (golden) orb, one of the insignia of monarchy: globus cruciger
rijksdag	n	de · mv. rijksdagen	of the Holy Roman Empire; of imperial (Hohenzollern) Germany; of the Third Reich, Nazi Germany
meikever	n	de · mv. meikevers	cockchafer (Melolontha melolontha)
wereldrijk	n	de · mv. wereldrijken	a global empire, that rules much of the (known) world; a colonial empire which comprises at least part of every (known) continent; a 'world class' great power, which can rival any coexistent empire
mestkever	n	de · mv. mestkevers	dung beetle
scholekster	n	de · mv. scholeksters	Eurasian oystercatcher (Haematopus ostralegus)
retentie	n	de · mv. retenties	the retention, act of retaining something rather than returning it; the confiscation of a fief by the feudal lord; a remembrance, (retention in) memory
nonnetje	n	het · mv. nonnetjes	smew (Mergellus albellus); Baltic macoma, Baltic clam, Baltic tellin (Limecola balthica syn. Macoma…
barbeel	n	de · mv. barbelen	barbel (Barbus barbus); some not closely related marine basses (perch) of genus Mullus, including…
tuinkers	n	de	garden cress (Lepidium sativum)
zeilsteen	n	de · mv. zeilstenen	magnetite, lodestone (Fe₃O₄); lodestone, natural or magnet
Aswoensdag	n	de	Ash Wednesday, the day of penitence which starts Lent
discuswerpen	n	het	discus throw
elasticiteit	n	de · mv. elasticiteiten	the property elasticity, by virtue of which a material can regain its…
beenvis	n	de · mv. beenvissen	a bony fish, any member of the superclass Osteichthyes; a fish whose…
kraakbeenvis	n	de · mv. kraakbeenvissen	cartilaginous fish, any member of the class Chondrichthyes
visvijver	n	de · mv. visvijvers	a fishpond
heupprothese	n	de · mv. heupprotheses	a hip prosthesis, artificial replacement for a hip
zeilschip	n	het · mv. zeilschepen	a sailer, ship powered by wind blowing in its sail(s)
publiciteitsagent	n	de · mv. publiciteitsagenten	publicist
stoomschip	n	het · mv. stoomschepen	a steamship, steamer, a ship powered by steam (engine(s))
huisgod	n	de · mv. huisgoden	a household deity; anyone (or anything) which protects - and/or brings bliss to a house(hold)
oppergod	n	de · mv. oppergoden	chief god; the highest authority, top dog, supreme champion, etc
regenbui	n	de · mv. regenbuien	rain shower, incidence of rain
regenachtig	a		rainy, prone to rain
Wodan	m		the Germanic chief god; Wotan, Odin or Woden
gelijkzijdig	a		equilateral
gefluit	n	het	a whistling; a warbling
axiologie	n	de · mv. axiologieën	axiology; an instance of axiology
bacteriologie	n	de	bacteriology
Filomena	m		a female given name from Ancient Greek, equivalent to English Philomena
ludiek	a		ludic, playful; playful in form, but relating to serious matters or serious in intent
zwartmaken	v	maakte zwart – zwartgemaakt	to blacken, to make black(er); to blacken, to defame, to present (too) badly
criticaster	n	de · mv. criticasters	criticaster, uncharitable critic
rugzaktoerist	n	de · mv. rugzaktoeristen	a backpacker, tourist who carries all his or her luggage in a backpack
reukwerk	n	het · mv. reukwerken	an incense product, an aromatic product that spreads a smell when burned,…; any perfume, luxury product to provide a scent
reukwerkbrander	n	de · mv. reukwerkbranders	an incense burner, a fireproof device to burn incense in, so as to release…
Noor	n	de · mv. Noren	a Norwegian, member or descendant of the (Germanic) people of Norway; something (originally or typically) Norwegian; notably a type of skates - usually in the plural: Noren
Noor	m		a female given name, equivalent to English Nora (from Eleonora)
IJslander	n	de · mv. IJslanders	an Icelander, member or descendant of the people of Iceland; an Icelandic horse, a small, sturdy and longhaired breed of horse
gebroed	n	het	brood, hatch, spawn; hatched offspring; children, youth in general
instorting	n	de · mv. instortingen	a collapse, implosion etc; a breakdown, downfall, undoing; decay
instorter	n	de · mv. instorters	an inspirer, human source of inspiration and/or motivation
waarnemingshorizon	n	de · mv. waarnemingshorizonnen	event horizon
schennis	n	de · mv. schennissen	an active or passive case of hurting, damaging; an immoral violation of a person, obligation or rule
afmotten	v	motte af – afgemot	to clobber a person fiercely (with one's fists)
verkering	n	de · mv. verkeringen	the state of having a relationship, of dating or going out together; partner, significant other (the person one is in a relationship with, is…
winkelhaak	n	de · mv. winkelhaken	try square; or, generally, any kind of square used by masons and carpenters…; a rectangular tear or cut in a piece of clothing or other fabric, in the…
verkoperen	v	verkoperde – verkoperd	to copper, mount, cover, coat or otherwise fit with copper or brassware; to copper, colour (e.g. paint) like copper (or brass); to close off (notably one's heart)
ongekoperd	a		not coppered, without a cover, paint, coat or other fit with or like copper…
werver	n	de · mv. wervers	of troops; of sailors; a political or other propagandist
mankeren	v	mankeerde – gemankeerd	to be sick, to ail; to be amiss, to be wrong; to lack, to be missing
inburgering	n	de · mv. inburgeringen	integration (into a different community than one's own)
muziekleraar	n	de · mv. muziekleraren	a music teacher
neuronaut	n	de · mv. neuronauten	(male) neuronaut
moederschap	n	het · mv. moederschappen	motherhood
vaderschap	n	het	fatherhood
vogelspin	n	de · mv. vogelspinnen	true tarantula, spider of the family Theraphosidae; any large, hairy spider resembling a tarantula
cacaoboom	n	de · mv. cacaobomen	the cacao tree, Theobroma cacao
hospik	n	de · mv. hospikken	a military (hospital) orderly; a medic
hospikken	v	hospikte – gehospikt	to serve as military (hospital) orderly or as medic
kruisspin	n	de · mv. kruisspinnen	Araneus diadematus (European garden spider)
confrater	n	de · mv. confraters	a confrere, professional colleague, chiefly in an upper-class profession,…; a fellow member, e.g. of a confraternity; a confrere, a comrade, a cahoot
tafelkleed	n	het · mv. tafelkleden	a tablecloth
verenkleed	n	het · mv. verenkleden	plumage, feathering
Oriental	n	de · mv. Orientals	an Oriental lily
zaling	n	de · mv. zalingen	crosstree, light timber to spread the shrouds of a sailing ship; also, a…; roof gutter to drain water bumping up to an eminent object
glazenier	n	de · mv. glazeniers	a glassmaker and glass painter, who produces stained glass
glasblazer	n	de · mv. glasblazers	a glassblower
hoornblazer	n	de · mv. hoornblazers	a hornblower, who uses a signalhorn; a musician who plays a horn
graatmager	a		extremely skinny, bony as if wasting to the bone
centrifugeren	v	centrifugeerde – gecentrifugeerd	to centrifuge; to rotate quickly in a centrifuge in order to separate or dry…
drieklank	n	de · mv. drieklanken	a tierce, third or triad, spanning three tones in an octave; a triphthong (a monosyllabic vowel combination usually involving a quick but…
triftong	n	de · mv. triftongen	a triphthong, monosyllabic three vowel combination, usually involving a…
fagottist	n	de · mv. fagottisten	a bassoonist
Pohnpeiaans	a		Pohnpeian, in, from or otherwise relating to the island state Pohnpei, the…; Pohnpeian, in or otherwise relating to the (Micronesian) Pohnepian language
Pohnpeiaans	m		the Pohnpeian (Micronesian) language
natuurkracht	n	de · mv. natuurkrachten	a force of nature, such as the elements and geological forces; an impressively forceful 'wild' person or creature
blaren	v	blaarde – geblaard	to blister, to cause blisters; to get/show blisters; to bleat, cry like a sheep, goat or calf
logopedie	n	de	speech therapy
nalever	n	de · mv. nalevers	an abider, one who observes rules etc
kaalaars	n	de · mv. kaalaarzen	a short cape, reaching barely to the belt
aarswolf	n	de · mv. aarswolven	a graze, boil or other wound on the buttocks (aars meaning arse)
wervelkolom	n	de · mv. wervelkolommen	vertebral column
kakwangen	n		the butt cheeks, buttocks
onthoofding	n	de · mv. onthoofdingen	decapitation, beheading
muilperen	v	muilpeerde – gemuilpeerd	to box someone's ear(s), administer at least one cuff on the ear
empyeem	n	het · mv. empyemen	empyema
atypisch	a		atypical
tegengift	n	de · mv. tegengiften	a gift given in return
wurgslang	n	de · mv. wurgslangen	a constrictor, serpent which kills preys by strangulation
belager	n	de · mv. belagers	a harasser, crafty and/or persistent assailant, even a stalker
verbloemen	v	verbloemde – verbloemd	to veil, soften by euphemistic phrasing; to excuse, treat apologetically; to mask, hide (something unpleasant)
bouwvakker	n	de · mv. bouwvakkers	a builder, (notably professional) construction worker
bouwvakarbeider	n	de · mv. bouwvakarbeiders	a construction laborer, a professional builder
pleegkind	n	het · mv. pleegkinderen	a foster child, which is neither biological nor adoptive offspring but…
pleegzoon	n	de · mv. pleegzonen	a foster son, a male foster child, boy who is raised in a non-parent's family
pleegzorg	n	de · mv. pleegzorgen	foster care
loipe	n	de · mv. loipes	loipe, cross-country ski trail
damspel	n	het · mv. damspellen	the board game checkers; a set of board and pieces used for that game
bordspel	n	het · mv. bordspelen	board game
uitlaten	v	liet uit – uitgelaten	to liberate, set free; to walk, air (a pet, prisoner...); to unleash (an ogre etc.)
verstijven	v	verstijfde – verstijfd	to stiffen, to become stiff, to freeze
bukken	v	bukte – gebukt	to duck, to bend down
woesteling	n	de · mv. woestelingen	a barbaric, savage ruffian, gross boor; a brute, crude and dangerous person; a savage and indomitable beast
toekijken	v	keek toe – toegekeken	to look on, to watch expecting something to occur
gesmoord	a		dull, obtuse, muffled
wedde	n	de · mv. wedden	a wage, salary, periodic pay for a civil servant or long-term employee; the wage of a soldier; the stake of a wager
heksenjacht	n	de · mv. heksenjachten	witch-hunt
geruit	a		checkered, marked in a pattern of squares or diamonds; shaped like a diamond (or rectangle or square); fit with glass panes
beamenen	v	beamende – beamend	to say, reply 'amen' after an uttering, notably in prayer or liturgy…; to assent to a statement
kiele	i		An expression said when one is tickling someone
betonneren	v	betonneerde – gebetonneerd	to pour concrete; to cast, to fit, to set in concrete; to freeze, to set unchangeably (as if cast in concrete)
sierkussen	n	het · mv. sierkussens	a decorative cushion, of little or secondary practical use
sleephopperzuiger	n	de · mv. sleephopperzuigers	trailing suction hopper dredger
uitwaaieren	v	waaierde uit – uitgewaaierd	to fan out, to spread out
tennisbaan	n	de · mv. tennisbanen	tennis court
bonken	v	bonkte – gebonkt	to bang, to smash; to fuck, to bang
proefkonijn	n	het · mv. proefkonijnen	a rabbit used for animal testing; guinea pig (test subject)
besmetting	n	de · mv. besmettingen	contagion, contamination, infection
gebruiksaanwijzing	n	de · mv. gebruiksaanwijzingen	user guide, manual
anthologie	n	de · mv. anthologieën	anthology
onzuiver	a		impure, mixed
bibliobus	n	de · mv. bibliobussen	mobile library
vrille	n	de · mv. vrilles	tailspin
werveldier	n	het · mv. werveldieren	a vertebrate, animal which has a vertebral column
nulles	d		a colloquial term for nothing
blikken	a		tin, tinnen, made of a light tinplate (or similar metallic alloy) as…
blikken	v	blikte – geblikt	to look at, to glance
kruisboog	n	de · mv. kruisbogen	crossbow; ogive
leenverhef	n	het · mv. leenverheffen	the transmission of a (notably hereditary) fief, usually subject to payment…
luizen	v	luisde – geluisd	to pick the lice (from ...); to acquire, obtain; to cut the shoots from a tobacco plant
Adema	m		a surname
Gerbrandy	m		a surname
genadeloos	a		merciless, ruthless; heartless (of persons); merciless, unforgiving, harsh (of things)
voorstad	n	de · mv. voorsteden	suburban municipality, adjacent and subordinate to a (major) city; a quarter outside the city walls; a suburban quarter
knokploeg	n	de · mv. knokploegen	a hit squad, fighting squad, goon squad
knokker	n	de · mv. knokkers	a fighter, brawler, person tending to start or pick a fight
bazig	a		bossy, domineering
bazig	d		in a bossy way; firmly, soundly, in good measure (or more)
Kanaal	m		the English Channel or Strait of Dover, the North Sea strait between England…
stadsrand	n	de · mv. stadsranden	the (often suburban) outskirts of a city
randgeval	n	het · mv. randgevallen	a borderline/ atypical case; a maverick, outsider, freak
apenstreken	n		monkey business, mischief
menroede	n	de · mv. menroeden	driver's rod, used to control draught animals
afgestudeerde	n	de · mv. afgestudeerden	graduate; alumnus
onbelastbaar	a		not taxable, exempt from taxation
lijfeigenschap	n	de · mv. lijfeigenschappen	the serfhood, slave-like status of serf
aanvaring	n	de · mv. aanvaringen	collision involving at least one vessel; fight or dispute, confrontation (mostly but not always verbal)
hulpeloosheid	n	de	helplessness
personeelsverloop	n	het	staff turnover
machthebber	n	de · mv. machthebbers	someone who holds power
onderlijf	n	het · mv. onderlijven	lower body
bovenlijf	n	het · mv. bovenlijven	upper body; torso
boosheid	n	de	anger
misselijkheid	n	de · mv. misselijkheden	nausea; vileness
tweedracht	n	de	discord, disagreement, dissension
ochtendkrieken	n	het	dawn, sunrise
irritatie	n	de · mv. irritaties	irritation (act of irritating, state of being irritated); irritation (bodily condition of morbid excitability or oversensitiveness)
Katanga	m		a region in the southeastern Democratic Republic of the Congo, originally…; since 1910, an autonomous part of the Belgian colony Congo; since 1933, a regular province, until 1947 however named after its capital:…
geslachtsroede	n	de · mv. geslachtsroeden	a penis
toverkracht	n	de · mv. toverkrachten	magic power
boerenknecht	n	de · mv. boerenknechten	a farmhand or ranchhand, an agricultural employee under supervision
afblazen	v	blies af – afgeblazen	to blow off (to move off by blowing air); to blow off (to remove with violent force) (generally not used for small…; to call off, cancel
boerenleven	n	het · mv. boerenlevens	the country life, notably the way of life as/with a farmer or agricultural…
dreunen	v	dreunde – gedreund	to boom, rumble
heuvelrug	n	de · mv. heuvelruggen	ridge (of a hill); range (of hills)
buitenleven	n	het · mv. buitenlevens	the life, living, residence in the countryside
woestenij	n	de · mv. woestenijen	wasteland, wildland, desert
opzij	d		aside, to the side
pikzwart	a		pitch-black, pitch-dark
sidderen	v	sidderde – gesidderd	to shiver, tremble, quake
zoldering	n	de · mv. zolderingen	ceiling, dropped ceiling; the floorboard that separates the attic from the rest of the building
avondmaal	n	het · mv. avondmalen	dinner, supper, the evening meal
meestentijds	d		most of the time, usually
crematie	n	de · mv. crematies	cremation
berisping	n	de · mv. berispingen	admonition, reprimand, scolding
dader	n	de · mv. daders	doer, perpetrator
dronkaard	n	de · mv. dronkaards	drunkard
zeebodem	n	de · mv. zeebodems	the bottom of the sea, seafloor, seabed
onherbergzaamheid	n	de	inclemency, inhospitableness, inhospitability, particularly of a landscape
handtekening	n	de · mv. handtekeningen	signature, autograph
hoogmoed	n	de	hubris
hovenier	n	de · mv. hoveniers	professional gardener
onsterfelijkheid	n	de	immortality
vervalsing	n	de · mv. vervalsingen	forgery, fake, falsification; forgery, the act of forging, faking, falsifying
overspel	n	het	adultery
onderzoeker	n	de · mv. onderzoekers	researcher
verbogen	a		declined
Egeïsch	a		Aegean, referring to the mythological figure Aegaeus; Aegean, of, dating from or relating to the Aegean people and/or their Bronze…; Aegean, in or relating to the Aegean Sea
maanzaad	n	het · mv. maanzaden	poppy seed, the tiny seed(s) of a member of the genus Papaver, especially of…
gebeft	a		fitted with a bef (senses collar etc.), said of wearer or (especially…
beffer	n	de · mv. beffers	someone who wears (and/or puts on) a bef (collar etc. senses); a lover who orally stimulates a vagina; a (notably small) dog who yelps, barks sharply
maanogig	a		affected by the chronic, equine inflammatory eye disease moon blindness
nachtpon	n	de · mv. nachtponnen	nightshirt, nightgown
hurken	v	hurkte – gehurkt	squat, crouch; cower
hurken	n		haunches, heels. only used in op de hurken (gaan) zitten
peuzelen	v	peuzelde – gepeuzeld	to gnaw, to eat in small pieces; to snack
brader	n	de · mv. braders	one who roasts or fries meat; in particular one who is also a meat vendor
omrekenen	v	rekende om – omgerekend	to convert (sense 6: to express a unit of measure in terms of another)
vuurgevecht	n	het · mv. vuurgevechten	any fight involving gunfire; a gunfight
gebedsdienst	n	de · mv. gebedsdiensten	prayer service
vuurwater	n	het · mv. vuurwaters	firewater, strong alcoholic beverage
kampvuur	n	het · mv. kampvuren	campfire
legerkamp	n	het · mv. legerkampen	military camp, notably a temporary one with tents
copernicium	n	het	copernicium
luilak	n	de · mv. luilakken	lazybones
Tinus	m		a male given name
buitenlucht	n	de	the air outside; the outdoors
wantrouwen	v	wantrouwde – wantrouwd	to mistrust
wantrouwen	n	het	mistrust
nieuwsgierigheid	n	de	curiosity
volmaaktheid	n	de · mv. volmaaktheden	perfection (being perfect)
zuinigheid	n	de	frugality
levendigheid	n	de	liveliness
schrikbeeld	n	het · mv. schrikbeelden	terrifying thought, bugbear
huiskamer	n	de · mv. huiskamers	living room
eetkamer	n	de · mv. eetkamers	dining room
gastvrouw	n	de · mv. gastvrouwen	hostess
brompot	n	de · mv. brompotten	a grump (usually male)
cavalerie	n	de · mv. cavaleries	cavalry (part of the military that is on horseback)
tosti-ijzer	n	het · mv. tosti-ijzers	sandwich toaster, pie iron
heiduk	n	de · mv. heidukken	hajduk
klasgenoot	n	de · mv. klasgenoten	classmate, fellow pupil/student in the same class
macrokosmos	n	de · mv. macrokosmossen	macrocosm
scheepsjongen	n	de · mv. scheepsjongens	a cabin boy, junior ship's crew member, apprentice sailor
pellekes	n		dandruff
kostleerling	n	de · mv. kostleerlingen	boarding school pupil, boarder
oudleerling	n	de · mv. oudleerlingen	former pupil or student
alarmeren	v	alarmeerde – gealarmeerd	to alarm, bring in a state of alert, warn, notably by means of an alarm signal; to alarm, disquiet, disturb
Maleier	n	de · mv. Maleiers	an ethnic Malay; a Malay speaker
galjoen	n	het · mv. galjoenen	a galleon (sailing ship)
spiegelbeeld	n	het · mv. spiegelbeelden	mirror image; opposite
thuiskomst	n	de	homecoming (arrival home)
terugweg	n	de	way back
stilstand	n	de	standstill, stop, stoppage, cessation
dakterras	n	het · mv. dakterrassen	roof terrace
samenzweerder	n	de · mv. samenzweerders	conspirator
plaatsgebrek	n	het	lack of space
mensheid	n	de	humanity, mankind (totality of humans, all members of the genus Homo); humanity, human nature, the state of being human
blindedarm	n	de · mv. blindedarmen	cecum (pouch near the transition from the small to the large intestine)
geomorfologie	n	de	geomorphology
samendrukken	v	drukte samen – samengedrukt	to compress, press together (e.g. into a smaller space)
zinnig	a		rational, reasonable; intelligent, smart; sensible, making sense
djembé	n	de · mv. djembés	a djembe, large hand drum played with both hands
scheel	a		cross-eyed, squinting; crooked, bent, not straight; with an envious or jealous look
scheel	n	de · mv. schelen	a difference; a dispute, difference of opinion, conflict; a skull
Moskovië	m		Muscovy
Moskoviër	n	de · mv. Moskoviërs	a Muscovian (person)
Moskovisch	a		Muscovian
Moskovische	n	de · mv. Moskovischen	a female Muscovian person
considerans	n	de · mv. consideransen	a consideration, something taken into account to reach a decision, notably a…
openbaring	n	de · mv. openbaringen	revelation (dramatic disclosure)
revolutie	n	de · mv. revoluties	revolution (sudden change; upheaval, putsch)
allemachtig	i		An expression of surprise or excitement: oh my God!, holy macaroni, God…
verbijsteren	v	verbijsterde – verbijsterd	to confuse, bewilder; to dismay
polsbreuk	n	de · mv. polsbreuken	fracture of one's wrist
steekproef	n	de · mv. steekproeven	sample (subset of a population selected for measurement)
zinnigen	v	zinnigde – gezinnigd	to calm down (someone), make see reason; to calm down, see reason; (used impersonally, third person singular only: Het zinnigt ...) To please,…
zinnigheid	n	de · mv. zinnigheden	the quality of being sensible, sensibleness; something that possesses this…; lust, desire
gewoonweg	d		utterly, downright
haardos	n	de · mv. haardossen	hair, headhair (all of a person's head hair); hairdo, hairstyle, haircut (particular way of styling one's hair)
vederdos	n	de · mv. vederdossen	plumage, especially when used as decoration or adornment
feestdos	n	de · mv. feestdossen	a party costume, frock for festive occasions
Hué	m		Hue, in Vietnam (all senses)
modegril	n	de · mv. modegrillen	a freak of fashion, something intrinsically weird that lasts only the season…
modegek	n	de · mv. modegekken	a fashion freak, someone who obsesses about fashion 'like mad'
gekkenhuis	n	het · mv. gekkenhuizen	a madhouse, asylum for the insane; a madhouse, crazy place and/or situation
lummelen	v	lummelde – gelummeld	to mill about, to lounge about; to play keep-away
lummelen	n	het	keep-away, piggy in the middle
zothuis	n	het · mv. zothuizen	a madhouse, asylum for the insane; a madhouse, crazy place and/or situation
schranzen	v	schransde – geschransd	consume excessively, to gormandize, to glutton
smoezen	v	smoesde – gesmoesd	to schmooze, talk softly, murmur, whisper
schandelijk	a		shameful, disgraceful, dishonourable
schandelijk	d		shamefully
tuchthuis	n	het · mv. tuchthuizen	a house of correction, closed penitentiary where 'wayward' inmates…; a reformatory school
veraf	a		far away, far off
onderkruipsel	n	het · mv. onderkruipsels	midget
walgelijk	a		noisome, disgusting, revolting, nausea inducing
tuchthuisregent	n	de · mv. tuchthuisregenten	a 'governor', member of the board of administration of a house of correction
instituteur	n	de · mv. instituteurs	boarding school teacher, esp. the schoolmaster or headteacher of a boarding…
droef	a		sad, miserable
rondscharrelen	v	scharrelde rond – rondgescharreld	to nose about, to snoop; to wander about
plons	n	de · mv. plonsen	a splash, sound of a splash
plons	i		the noise made from something splashing against a surface
bedachtzaam	a		thoughtful, pensive; thoughtful, careful
lichenologie	n	de	lichenology
kinesiologie	n	de	kinesiology
soos	n	de · mv. sozen	club, society
spil	n	de · mv. spillen	an axis; a key figure; a central midfielder
Abeltje	m		a male given name, a diminutive or hypocoristic form of Abel
Adaemkin	m		a male given name and diminutive of Adaem, Adam
staatsvijand	n	de · mv. staatsvijanden	enemy of the state
heiligdom	n	het · mv. heiligdommen	holy building or place, sanctuary
zoeklicht	n	het · mv. zoeklichten	searchlight
rijtjeshuis	n	het · mv. rijtjeshuizen	terraced house, rowhouse
machinegeweer	n	het · mv. machinegeweren	machine gun
oorsmeer	n	het	ear wax
ongeloof	n	het	disbelief
misleiding	n	de	deception
winkeldief	n	de · mv. winkeldieven	shoplifter
prinsdom	n	het · mv. prinsdommen	principality (sovereign state)
opperwezen	n	het · mv. opperwezens	supreme being
kwelling	n	de · mv. kwellingen	torment (extreme pain or displeasure)
vermomming	n	de · mv. vermommingen	disguise
zonlicht	n	het	sunlight
commotie	n	de	commotion (agitation)
sesam	n	de · mv. sesams	sesame (Sesamum indicum); sesame, seeds
googelen	v	googelde – gegoogeld	to google, search for Internet info using search engine (market leader) Google; to google, research Internet info on something using search engine Google
Joris	m		a male given name, equivalent to English George; a surname
milliseconde	n	de · mv. milliseconden	millisecond: 10⁻³ seconds
zichtrekening	n	de · mv. zichtrekeningen	a checking account, a current account (bank account)
vergift	n	het · mv. vergiften	poison
biel	n	de · mv. biels	railway sleeper
indicatief	a		indicative, approximative, roughly estimated
indicatief	n	de · mv. indicatieven	the indicative mood
hoofdtelwoord	n	het · mv. hoofdtelwoorden	cardinal number word, numeral
bewoonbaar	a		habitable, fit for inhabitation, where humans or other animals can live (or…
lavendel	n	de · mv. lavendels	lavender (Lavandula spp.); lavender (color)
hazelnoot	n	de · mv. hazelnoten	a hazel nut; a hazel, a hazel nut tree or shrub; tree of the genus Corylus
vlaskleurig	a		colored flaxen, strawy like flax
knielen	v	knielde – geknield	to kneel (stoop down and rest on the knee)
donderen	v	donderde – gedonderd	to thunder; to make a thunderous sound, especially with one's voice; to plummet, tumble
florissant	a		fantastic, great, thriving, flourishing
krommen	v	kromde – gekromd	to bend, to curve
fonetiek	n	de	the linguistic discipline phonetics, study of speech, sounds and their…; the correct use of speech and voice
wakvlakte	n	de · mv. wakvlaktes	polynya
klaver	n	de · mv. klavers	A clover, trefoil; a plant of the tribe Trifolieae, particularly of the…; Any plant with leaves resembling that of a trefoil
uitzending	n	de · mv. uitzendingen	broadcast, also programme or episode; the act of sending someone somewhere (for a significant period of time)
onderbouwing	n	de · mv. onderbouwingen	argumentation, evidence, substantiation, basis (particularly of an opinion,…
kerkuil	n	de · mv. kerkuilen	any owl of the genus Tyto; barn owl (Tyto alba)
onderstroom	n	de · mv. onderstromen	undercurrent
doelpunt	n	het · mv. doelpunten	goal (scoring in sport)
veilinghuis	n	het · mv. veilinghuizen	auction house
halte	n	de · mv. halten	stop (place to get on and off line buses or trams)
voorbijgaan	v	ging voorbij – voorbijgegaan	to pass, to go by (in space or time)
zoölogie	n	de · mv. zoölogieën	zoology
Corsicaans	a		Corsican, of or relating to the island, people and/or culture of Corsica; in or otherwise relating to the Corsican language
Corsicaans	m		the Corsican language
onwerkelijk	a		unreal, fake, illusory; surreal
essentieel	a		essential
doolhof	n	de/het · mv. doolhoven	a maze, labyrinth; any similarly complex and/or confusing construction, lay-out, situation etc
ariteit	n	de · mv. ariteiten	arity (number of arguments)
tweemaal	d		twice, two times
geelzucht	n	de	jaundice
cognitief	a		cognitive (mental functions)
gelach	n	het	laughter (sound (as) of laughing)
strijkstok	n	de · mv. strijkstokken	bow (rod used for playing stringed instruments); strickle, screed, strike (rod or other straight-edged instrument for…
simultaan	a		simultaneous
dodenmis	n	de · mv. dodenmissen	requiem (Catholic mass in honor and remembrance of a deceased person)
Amhaars	m		Amharic (language)
Amhaars	a		Amharic
Amharisch	m		Amharic
Amharisch	a		Amharic
klanknabootsing	n	de · mv. klanknabootsingen	a sound-imitation; an onomatopoeia; a word which developed out of sound-imitation
nieuweling	n	de · mv. nieuwelingen	a newcomer, newbie, new (often inexperienced) user, member etc; a novice, beginner, greenhorn, inexperienced player, participant etc
Sicilië	m		Sicily (the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea, an autonomous region of…
Silezië	m		Silesia (a cultural region of Central Europe, now chiefly in Poland, with…
terras	n	het · mv. terrassen	terrace; outdoor café
Somalisch	m		Somali
zeshoek	n	de · mv. zeshoeken	a hexagon, polygon with six sides and six angles
bevalling	n	de · mv. bevallingen	labor (process of giving birth)
wereldbeeld	n	het · mv. wereldbeelden	worldview (set of views and opinions about the world and society)
bedrijfsleven	n	het	the corporate world
waakzaamheid	n	de	vigilance, watchfulness, alertness
vergevingsgezindheid	n	de	forgiveness (inclination to forgive)
middelmatigheid	n	de	mediocrity: being mediocre
lawaai	n	het	racket, noise
kippenhok	n	het · mv. kippenhokken	chicken coop
zeeschuim	n	het	seafoam; cuttlebone
keizerin	n	de · mv. keizerinnen	empress
vingerhoed	n	de · mv. vingerhoeden	thimble (sewing implement protecting the finger)
admiraal	n	de · mv. admiralen	admiral (naval officer)
tafellaken	n	het · mv. tafellakens	tablecloth
schaakbord	n	het · mv. schaakborden	chessboard
schatkist	n	de · mv. schatkisten	treasure chest; treasury; the financial means of a state, ruler or any organisation
Quenyaans	m		Quenya (constructed language)
participeren	v	participeerde – geparticipeerd	to participate
overdrijven	v	overdreef – overdreven	to exaggerate, to overstate; to float over
diafragma	n	het · mv. diafragma's	aperture (something which restricts the diameter of the light path through…; diaphragm: the muscle between thorax and abdomen needed for breething
machtig	a		powerful (having or capable of exerting power potency or influence); heavy
machtig	d		powerfully; mighty, very
meetinstrument	n	het · mv. meetinstrumenten	a measuring instrument (device to record/measure numerically)
geniaal	a		brilliant, genius, genial
fenotype	n	het · mv. fenotypen	phenotype
lesbianisme	n	het	lesbianism (lesbian sexual orientation)
bisschoppelijk	a		episcopal, related to a bishop and/or to the episcopate
narratologie	n	de	narratology
necrologie	n	de · mv. necrologieën	necrology
schoffel	n	de · mv. schoffels	hoe (specifically a Dutch hoe)
breekijzer	n	het · mv. breekijzers	a crowbar, metal bar used as a lever to manually force things apart, fit or…
dashond	n	de · mv. dashonden	synonym of teckel (“dachshund”)
computerspel	n	het · mv. computerspellen	a computer game, an electronic game designed to be run on a computer
zappen	v	zapte – gezapt	to zap, channel surf, channel hop, to change TV channels repeatedly and/or…
kluts	n	de · mv. klutsen	clutch
koppeling	n	de · mv. koppelingen	clutch; clutch pedal; link, hyperlink
cumulatief	a		cumulative
computervirus	n	het · mv. computervirussen	a computer virus (an infectious program)
Oudengels	m		Old English, Anglo-Saxon (language)
Oudengels	a		Old English
Karelisch	a		Karelian, in, from or otherwise relating to Karelia, its (Finnish) people…; in or relating to the Karelian language
Karelisch	m		the Karelian language
lijnzaad	n	het · mv. lijnzaden	linseed, flaxseed
blauwig	a		bluish, of a colour or shade which resembles or hinges on blue and/or…
paarsig	a		purplish, of a colour or shade which resembles or hinges on purple and/or…
betaling	n	de · mv. betalingen	payment
dralen	v	draalde – gedraald	to dawdle, move slowly, not take action
machtsvertoon	n	het	show of force, show of strength, power display
keukenprins	n	de · mv. keukenprinsen	a man who is good at and enjoys cooking non-professionally
keukenprinses	n	de · mv. keukenprinsessen	a woman who is good at and enjoys cooking non-professionally
bumperklever	n	de · mv. bumperklevers	tailgater (person who drives dangerously close)
saillant	a		salient
saillant	n	de/het · mv. saillanten	a salient
praktijk	n	de · mv. praktijken	application of theory; doing(s) of something; place where a professional service is provided, such as a general practice
debiteur	n	de · mv. debiteuren	a debtor, party with a debit (due) on an account
zekering	n	de · mv. zekeringen	fuse (device preventing overloading of a circuit)
fataal	a		fatal (causing death or destruction)
lijkwagen	n	de · mv. lijkwagens	a hearse, a funerary vehicle
inoculatie	n	de · mv. inoculaties	inoculation (introduction of substance into the body to produce immunity)
herkauwer	n	de · mv. herkauwers	ruminant (animal which chews cud)
diabolisch	a		diabolic (showing wickedness typical of a devil)
holistisch	a		holistic
euthanasie	n	de	euthanasia (medically assisted killing)
aambeien	n		haemorrhoids (a pathological condition)
hysterectomie	n	de · mv. hysterectomieën	hysterectomy
Israëlisch	a		Israeli
Israëlische	n	de · mv. Israëlischen	an Israeli woman
lijzijde	n	de · mv. lijzijdes	lee (side of the ship away from the wind)
zeiler	n	de · mv. zeilers	a yachtsman, a sailor (on a sailing vessel)
rassenscheiding	n	de · mv. rassenscheidingen	racial segregation
allee	i		come on
allee	n	de · mv. alleeën	avenue, broad lane flanked by trees
betakeling	n	de · mv. betakelingen	whipping (cord securing the end of a rope)
mottenbal	n	de · mv. mottenballen	a mothball, bug-repelling ball; long-term storage; unsavory state (of conservation)
sporadisch	a		sporadic (rare and scattered in occurrence)
massademonstratie	n	de · mv. massademonstraties	mass demonstration
baptistisch	a		Baptist
verbaal	a		verbal, pertaining to words; verbal, pertaining to spoken language; verbal, pertaining to verbs
verbaal	n	het · mv. verbalen	a signed memo
retorisch	a		rhetorical
eczeem	n	het · mv. eczemen	an eczema, generic term for itchy and/or defiguring inflammations of the skin; an analogous porcine disease
encefalopathie	n	de · mv. encefalopathieën	encephalopathy (condition affecting the brain)
lievevrouwebedstro	n	het	sweet woodruff (Galium odoratum)
aansprakelijkheid	n	de · mv. aansprakelijkheden	accountability, being answerable for, bearing of responsibility/risk(s) (as…; legal liability
defaitisme	n	het	defeatism, acceptance of defeat or other misery without struggle
boterbloem	n	de · mv. boterbloemen	the wild herb buttercup, a yellow crowfoot species of genus Ranunculus
aanroepen	v	riep aan – aangeroepen	to invoke (call upon someone for help etc.); to call, to invoke (a subroutine, etc.); to invoke, to call upon
parallellepipedum	n	het · mv. parallellepipeda	parallelepiped (solid figure)
zeelt	n	de · mv. zeelten	tench (Tinca tinca)
houtworm	n	de · mv. houtwormen	woodworm; shell which bores into wooden ships and riverine structures
lepelaar	n	de · mv. lepelaars	Eurasian spoonbill (Platalea leucorodia); spoonbill, bird of the genus Platalea; the herb Capsella bursa-pastoris, shepherd's purse
symptomatisch	a		symptomatic (showing symptoms)
aantrek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aantrekken
aantrekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aantrekken
aantrok	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aantrekken
menora	n	de · mv. menora's	menorah
deelneem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of deelnemen
deelneemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of deelnemen
deelnam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of deelnemen
bezwijmen	v	bezwijmde – bezwijmd	to faint, to lose consciousness; to swoon
deelneme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of deelnemen
lokaal	a		local
lokaal	n	het · mv. lokalen	room, hall, particularly a classroom
makaak	n	de · mv. makaken	macaque (any monkey of the genus Macaca)
Wotisch	m		Votic
manusje-van-alles	n	het · mv. manusjes-van-alles	handyman (man who does odd tasks); jack of all trades, factotum
oproerpolitie	n	de	riot police
oproeren	v	roerde op – opgeroerd	to stir up
volhoud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of volhouden
volhoudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of volhouden
volhield	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of volhouden
vastleg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vastleggen
vastlegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vastleggen
duizelen	v	duizelde – geduizeld	to be/make dizzy
toestaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toestaan
toestond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toestaan
ongehoorzaam	a		disobedient
afbetaling	n	de · mv. afbetalingen	installment (portion of debt)
gokker	n	de · mv. gokkers	gambler
Vaderdag	n	de · mv. Vaderdagen	Father's Day, a day (in June) in informal celebration of fathers and fatherhood
salmiak	n	de · mv. salmiakken	ammonium chloride, sal ammoniac; a piece of liquorice with salmiak
interdisciplinair	a		interdisciplinary (of or pertaining to multiple distinct academic…
veldsla	n	de	mâche (Valerianella locusta, plant and vegetable)
treurig	a		sad, melancholy
bulderen	v	bulderde – gebulderd	to thunder, to make a thunderous sound; to shout, to roar
voederen	v	voederde – gevoederd	to feed
markering	n	de · mv. markeringen	a mark
ellepijp	n	de · mv. ellepijpen	elbow bone, ulna (bone of the forearm)
blindedarmontsteking	n	de · mv. blindedarmontstekingen	appendicitis, inflammation of the vermiform appendix
opaak	a		opaque, hindering light to pass through; dark, murky; intransparant, unclear, confusing
pessarium	n	het · mv. pessaria	pessary, diaphragm
gootsteen	n	de · mv. gootstenen	sink, basin
parabool	n	de · mv. parabolen	parabola (a conic section); understatement
schilderkunst	n	de · mv. schilderkunsten	the art of painting
netvlies	n	het · mv. netvliezen	retina (thin layer of cells at the back of the eyeball)
preuts	a		prudish, exaggeratedly proper, modest
hasj	n	de	hashish, hash (dried leaves of the Indian hemp plant)
infectie	n	de · mv. infecties	infection
bruinig	a		brownish, of a colour or shade which resembles or hinges on brown and/or…
kuitbeen	n	het · mv. kuitbenen	a fibula, calf bone in a leg
onvoorzichtigheid	n	de · mv. onvoorzichtigheden	imprudence, carelessness, lack of attention
systeemkunde	n	de	systems engineering
systeemleer	n	de	systems engineering
peterselie	n	de · mv. peterselies	parsley (Petroselinum crispum); any plant of the genus Petroselinum
kervel	n	de	chervil
escorte	n	de/het · mv. escortes	escort (accompanying group of people or vehicles)
crypte	n	de · mv. cryptes	crypt
voltige	n	de	equestrian vaulting
aanduid	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanduiden
aanduidt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanduiden
grissen	v	griste – gegrist	to snatch, to grab; to abduct, to kidnap
tillen	v	tilde – getild	to lift, to raise; to scam, to con
slijmerig	a		slimy, mucous
besluiteloos	a		indecisive, not decisive, unable or unwilling to make decisions or reach…
flauw	a		boring, tasteless, uninspired; languid, weak; vague, hazy
deegroller	n	de · mv. deegrollers	a rolling pin, rolling food preparation utensil fit to flatten dough
kavel	n	de/het · mv. kavels	a plot, a lot, a tract of land; a lot in an auction sale; a lot, something apportioned by lottery
wanhopig	a		hopeless, desperate
sappig	a		juicy, succulent, sappy
woedend	a		furious, very angry
verbazingwekkend	a		amazing
verbazingwekkend	d		amazingly
annalen	n		annals
smeulen	v	smeulde – gesmeuld	to smoulder
asrest	n	de · mv. asresten	residual ash
uitschijnen	v	scheen uit – uitgeschenen	to imply, to let know (Flemish) or to illuminate something
uitschijn	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitschijnen
uitschijnt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitschijnen
uitscheen	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitschijnen
benedenhuis	n	het · mv. benedenhuizen	the downstairs or lower portion of a house, sometimes a residence separate…
durf	n	de	valor/valour, courage, daring, braveness
aanschouw	n	de	sight, appearance (that which is seen)
aanschouwend	a		capable of being directly observed by the mind without dependence on the…
kleinigheid	n	de · mv. kleinigheden	bagatelle, trifle (small thing or matter)
antimaterie	n	de	antimatter
walgen	v	walgde – gewalgd	to abhor, to hate
teder	a		delicate, dainty; gentle, tender, with care; sensitive, tender, easily hurt or damaged
bruisen	v	bruiste – gebruist	to form bubbles, to froth, to fizz
protofascist	n	de · mv. protofascisten	protofascist
verfrissen	v	verfriste – verfrist	to renew, to revitalize
weergalmen	v	weergalmde – weergalmd	to echo, to ring, to make an echoing sound
belevenis	n	de · mv. belevenissen	experience (something that is experienced)
overslaan	v	sloeg over – overgeslagen	to reduce the frequency of; to skip, to omit from a sequence; to arc (electrical discharge)
convenant	n	het · mv. convenanten	agreement, accord (now especially in economic contexts)
langspeelplaat	n	de · mv. langspeelplaten	long-play record, long-play
discretie	n	de	discretion (the quality of being discreet or circumspect)
aanbied	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanbieden
aanbiedt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanbieden
aanbood	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanbieden
aanbiede	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanbieden
Nederlanden	m		Low Countries, Benelux (a historical region of Western Europe, consisting of…
informatiesysteem	n	de · mv. informatiesystemen	information system
scheikundige	n	de · mv. scheikundigen	chemist
natuurkundig	a		physical, having to do with matter, nature, the material world; having to do with physics, the natural science
radiochemie	n	de	radiochemistry
Nobelprijs	n	de · mv. Nobelprijzen	Nobel prize
radioactiviteit	n	de	radioactivity (quality of being radioactive); radioactivity (certain quantity of radiation); radio activity: active work on radio broadcasting (usually plural)
retoucheren	v	retoucheerde – geretoucheerd	to retouch, touch up
typeren	v	typeerde – getypeerd	to typify; to describe, mention the main features of
vlektyfus	n	de	typhus
delier	n	het · mv. delieren	delirium
toelaat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
toeliet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toelaten
blootstel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of blootstellen
blootstelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of blootstellen
röntgenapparaat	n	het · mv. röntgenapparaten	X-ray machine
stralingsdosis	n	de · mv. stralingsdoses	radiation dose
radioactief	a		radioactive
uraniumerts	n	het · mv. uraniumertsen	uranium ore (e.g. uraninite)
logisch	a		logical
straling	n	de · mv. stralingen	radiation
onophoudelijk	a		continuous, unceasing
onderdruk	n	de	underpressure, deficiency in pressure; diastolic pressure
onderdrukt	a		oppressed
intens	a		intense
toepas	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toepassen
toepast	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toepassen
toepasse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toepassen
verdienste	n	de · mv. verdiensten	merit
bijzetten	v	zette bij – bijgezet	to add, to set beside something else
bankbiljet	n	het · mv. bankbiljetten	banknote
pincet	n	het · mv. pincetten	a pair of tweezers, small (usually metal) pincers, used for handling small…
draagvlak	n	het · mv. draagvlakken	a planar support; a surface that supports something; an airfoil, the carrying plane of an airplane
gaafrandig	a		with smooth edges, non-indented
gekarteld	a		serrated
kling	n	de · mv. klingen	blade (sharp edge of a knife or sword)
geneesmiddelenvergoedingssysteem	n	het · mv. geneesmiddelenvergoedingssystemen	a system for the reimbursement of the cost of medication
voorkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voorkomen (“to exist; to…
inhoudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inhouden
inhield	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inhouden
datering	n	de · mv. dateringen	dating (process of estimating the age of something)
woonplaats	n	de · mv. woonplaatsen	any group of houses with a distinct name and identity, regardless of size;…; habitat, place of residence
zuurstofrijk	a		oxygen-rich
biosfeer	n	de · mv. biosferen	biosphere
meurrig	a		in an unclear state of mind
lithosfeer	n	de · mv. lithosferen	lithosphere
buitenst	a		outermost
aardoppervlak	n	het	Earth's surface
levensvorm	n	de · mv. levensvormen	lifeform
tijdschaal	n	de · mv. tijdschalen	time scale
vulkanisme	n	het	volcanism (volcanic activity)
aardmantel	n	de	mantle, Earth's mantle
convecterend	a		convecting
opwek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opwekken
opwekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opwekken
binnenkern	n	de · mv. binnenkernen	inner core
buitenkern	n	de · mv. buitenkernen	outer core; a geographically separate settlement within the same municipality as a…
zonnewind	n	de · mv. zonnewinden	solar wind
vloeiend	d		fluently
bidsprinkhaan	n	de · mv. bidsprinkhanen	a praying mantis, any of various predatory insects of the order Mantodea
satelliet	n	de · mv. satellieten	satellite (natural: e.g. Phobos and Deimos); satellite (artificial: e.g. Sputnik)
getijden	n		Liturgy of the Hours
aantrekkingskracht	n	de · mv. aantrekkingskrachten	force of attraction, attractive force; draw, pull, capacity to attract or draw in
hellingshoek	n	de · mv. hellingshoeken	angle of inclination
stoïcisme	n	het	stoicism
rotatiesnelheid	n	de · mv. rotatiesnelheden	rotational speed
toeneem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toenemen
toeneemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toenemen
toenam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toenemen
afstoot	n	de · mv. afstoten	break-off (the opening shot in a cue game); lag (method of deciding who plays first in a cue game)
afstoot	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
afstotend	a		repulsive
gemiddelde	n	het · mv. gemiddeldes	average, mean
invangen	v	ving in – ingevangen	to capture
invang	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of invangen
invangt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of invangen
inving	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of invangen
gravitatieveld	n	het · mv. gravitatievelden	gravitational field
gravitatie	n	de	gravitation
opheft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opheffen
ophief	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opheffen
opval	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opvallen
opvalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opvallen
opviel	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opvallen
opvang	n	de · mv. opvangen	caretaking, sheltering; shelter, care centre
opvang	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opvangen
opvangt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opvangen
opving	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opvangen
perihelium	n	het · mv. perihelia	perihelion
aphelium	n	het · mv. aphelia	aphelion
onherbergzaam	a		inhospitable
argwaan	n	de	suspicion, misgiving
aarzeling	n	de · mv. aarzelingen	hesitation
rechercheur	n	de · mv. rechercheurs	police detective, police investigator
knikken	v	knikte – geknikt	to nod as in to express agreement
vaal	a		sallow, pallid; pale, light
achterklap	n	de	gossip
vrijheidsstrijder	n	de · mv. vrijheidsstrijders	freedom fighter
drugsverslaafde	n	de · mv. drugsverslaafden	drug addict
grijnzen	v	grijnsde – gegrijnsd	to grin
bezien	v	bezag – bezien	to have a closer look at
puntgaaf	a		undamaged
bedekking	n	de · mv. bedekkingen	cover, hood; synonym of occultatie (“occultation”)
opdraven	v	draafde op – opgedraafd	to appear after being summoned; to turn up (by one's own will)
hoogpolig	a		deep pile (see deep pile carpet)
grijsharig	a		grey-haired, having grey hair
ambtelijk	a		official
Vogelaartje	n	het · mv. Vogelaartjes	gaffe; an embarrassing mistake made by a politician, especially a minister,…
dactyloscopie	n	de · mv. dactyloscopieën	dactyloscopy
dactyloscopisch	a		dactyloscopic
lijkschouwer	n	de · mv. lijkschouwers	coroner
mwa	i		An expression of indifference: meh
mwa	a		mediocre
knol	n	de · mv. knollen	tuber; corm, bulbotuber; bulge, protrusion
wuiven	v	wuifde – gewuifd	to wave; to beckon
brancard	n	de · mv. brancards	gurney, stretcher
Karabach	m		Karabakh (Armenian speaking region in the Caucasus)
mailen	v	mailde – gemaild	to email, e-mail
superette	n	de · mv. superettes	convenience store
politicus	n	de · mv. politici	politician
Joods	a		Jewish (concerning the Jewish race)
blein	n	de · mv. bleinen	blister
hoofdrol	n	de · mv. hoofdrollen	lead role, leading role; protagonist
ontwikkelaar	n	de · mv. ontwikkelaars	developer
dwergplaneet	n	de · mv. dwergplaneten	dwarf planet
dadaïsme	n	het	dadaism (anti-art movement)
glooien	v	glooide – geglooid	to slope
glooiing	n	de · mv. glooiingen	slope, inclination
glooiingshoek	n	de · mv. glooiingshoeken	inclination
aanmaken	v	maakte aan – aangemaakt	to produce on a large scale, to manufacture (often to have things in stock); to prepare, to ready; to burn, to light (a fire)
toeken	v	toekte – getoekt	first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toekennen; to whack someone
toekent	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toekennen
Kuipergordel	m		Kuiper belt
aankondig	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aankondigen
aankondigt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aankondigen
karakteristiek	n	de · mv. karakteristieken	characteristic
karakteristiek	a		characteristic
neerslaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neerslaan
neersloeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of neerslaan
verdampen	v	verdampte – verdampt	to evaporate
excentriciteit	n	de · mv. excentriciteiten	eccentricity
mitose	n	de · mv. mitosen	mitosis (division of a cell nucleus)
dwarszitten	v	zat dwars – dwarsgezeten	to hinder, to impede; to bother, to irritate
afzuigkap	n	de · mv. afzuigkappen	extractor hood, range hood
afkomen	v	kwam af – afgekomen	to get rid [with van ‘of’] (something unwanted); to go straight in the direction [with op ‘of’] (often in a threatening manner); to descend, to come off
artillerist	n	de · mv. artilleristen	artillerist
bewoning	n	de	habitation, act of inhabiting
klucht	n	de · mv. kluchten	farce, coarse comedy; a small flock of birds; covey, brood
slagvaardig	a		alert, ready for battle
marktleider	n	de · mv. marktleiders	market leader
dommelen	v	dommelde – gedommeld	to doze, to snooze; to buzz; to thump (sound)
kinderboek	n	het · mv. kinderboeken	children's book
volksverhaal	n	het · mv. volksverhalen	folktale
aanklaag	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanklagen
aanklaagt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanklagen
uitslaan	v	sloeg uit – uitgeslagen	to overplay, hit the ball out; to punch, stamp; to turn (a certain colour or texture)
schappelijk	a		reasonable, fair (of people, remarks, prices etc)
middelen	v	middelde – gemiddeld	to take the average of
middels	p		by means of
relativiteitstheorie	n	de · mv. relativiteitstheorieën	theory of relativity
elliptisch	a		elliptic, elliptical
impliceren	v	impliceerde – geïmpliceerd	to imply; to implicate, involve
subatomair	a		subatomic
observatie	n	de · mv. observaties	observation
waarneem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of waarnemen
waarneemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of waarnemen
waarnam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of waarnemen
spiraalstelsel	n	het · mv. spiraalstelsels	spiral galaxy
uitvoert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitvoeren
aanneem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aannemen
aanneemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aannemen
aannam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aannemen
zwaartekrachtsveld	n	het · mv. zwaartekrachtsvelden	gravitational field
verderop	d		further on
inconsistentie	n	de · mv. inconsistenties	inconsistency
postuleren	v	postuleerde – gepostuleerd	to postulate
instituut	n	het · mv. instituten	institute (establishment serving a particular purpose)
zonnemassa	n	de · mv. zonnemassa's	solar mass
planetair	a		planetary
spectrograaf	n	de · mv. spectrografen	spectrograph
veralgemeend	a		generalized (US), generalised (UK)
germanisme	n	het · mv. germanismen	Germanism (a word or idiom of the German language)
rabbijn	n	de · mv. rabbijnen	rabbi
ouwel	n	de · mv. ouwels	unleavened wafer; host
afschaf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afschaffen
afschaft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afschaffen
franje	n	de · mv. franjes	fringe, frill
ontbranden	v	ontbrandde – ontbrand	to ignite, flare up, take fire
verlosser	n	de · mv. verlossers	redeemer, savior/saviour
onaanvaardbaar	a		unacceptable, unallowable, impermissible
toe-eigenen	v	eigende toe – toegeëigend	to appropriate
opdringen	v	drong op – opgedrongen	to thrust or force something upon someone; to forcibly make someone accept…
betegeling	n	de · mv. betegelingen	tiling; tessellation
betegelen	v	betegelde – betegeld	to tile, to put tiles on
vijfvoudig	a		fivefold
millicandela	n	de · mv. millicandela's	millicandela: one thousandth of a candela
voorruit	n	de · mv. voorruiten	windscreen, windshield
vettig	a		greasy
zwiepen	v	zwiepte – gezwiept	to sway, to rock
kleingeld	n	het	small change
struinen	v	struinde – gestruind	to tramp, to roam; to nose about, to rummage
brommen	v	bromde – gebromd	to mutter, to mumble; to grumble, hum, buzz, drone; to do time, to be in prison
opjutten	v	jutte op – opgejut	to urge, to rouse
benzinestation	n	het · mv. benzinestations	service station or petrol station (UK); gas station (US)
avondspits	n	de · mv. avondspitsen	evening rush hour
selfie	n	de · mv. selfies	selfie
knooppunt	n	het · mv. knooppunten	interchange (grade-separated infrastructure junction)
vogelaar	n	de · mv. vogelaars	someone who catches birds for a living; birdwatcher
tropen	n		tropics
keerkring	n	de · mv. keerkringen	tropic
instel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of instellen
instelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of instellen
territoriaal	a		territorial
vreemden	v	vreemdde – gevreemd	to estrange, to alienate
woelen	v	woelde – gewoeld	to churn, to turn over, to rout (e.g. of swine); to toss and turn
ondoordacht	a		thoughtless, rash, not thought through
ballade	n	de · mv. balladen	ballad
stofstorm	n	de · mv. stofstormen	dust storm
putschist	n	de · mv. putschisten	a putschist
neerkijken	v	keek neer – neergekeken	to look down
Veluws	a		relating to the Veluwe
Veluws	m		Veluws
entrecote	n	de · mv. entrecotes	entrecôte
referte	n	de · mv. refertes	not contest charges (of a suspect or involved party); reference (number)
betutteling	n	de	condescension
bevoogdend	a		paternalizing, paternalist
breedtesporter	n	de · mv. breedtesporters	non-professional athlete
bluf	n	de	bluff
onbezonnen	a		rash, careless, reckless; not well considered, ill-conceived
criticus	n	de · mv. critici	critic
singularis	n	de · mv. singularissen	synonym of enkelvoud (“singular”)
e-mail	n	de · mv. e-mails	e-mail
debuutalbum	n	het · mv. debuutalbums	debut album
debuut	n	het · mv. debuten	debut
debuteren	v	debuteerde – gedebuteerd	to debut, make one's debut
viezerik	n	de · mv. viezeriken	lowlife, scumbag
transcendentie	n	de · mv. transcendenties	transcendence
immanentie	n	de · mv. immanenties	immanence
gepeins	n	het	pondering, contemplation, rumination
vrijspraak	n	de · mv. vrijspraken	release (of a suspect), acquittal
schuins	d		diagonally
peinzen	v	peinsde – gepeinsd	to ponder, meditate
tenenkaas	n	de	toe cheese; toe jam
luisteraar	n	de · mv. luisteraars	listener
afluister	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afluisteren
afluistert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afluisteren
omwinden	v	omwond – omwonden	to wrap around
voorstelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorstellen
invoert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of invoeren
achterlate	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of achterlaten
achterlaat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
achterliet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of achterlaten
productie	n	de · mv. producties	production (act or process of producing); production (that which is produced)
begrotingskort	n	het · mv. begrotingskorten	budget deficit
inspirerend	a		inspiring
ziektekostenverzekering	n	de · mv. ziektekostenverzekeringen	health insurance
ontwikkelingsland	n	het · mv. ontwikkelingslanden	developing country
westwaarts	d		westwards
westwaarts	a		westward, westerly
metropool	n	de · mv. metropolen	metropolis, metropole
kanton	n	het · mv. kantons	judicial district; canton; township (of Canada)
beduidend	a		significant, considerable
perifeer	a		peripheral
agglomeratie	n	de · mv. agglomeraties	agglomeration
bondskanselier	n	de · mv. bondskanseliers	federal chancellor
massaproductie	n	de · mv. massaproducties	mass production
bandwerker	n	de · mv. bandwerkers	assembly line worker
regenjas	n	de · mv. regenjassen	raincoat
regenjack	n	het · mv. regenjacks	raincoat
sloffen	v	slofte – gesloft	to trudge, shuffle
sloof	n	de · mv. sloven	apron, especially an artisan's or food worker's apron; a hard-working woman doing domestic work; e.g. a maid or housewife
verregaand	a		far-reaching
sjokken	v	sjokte – gesjokt	trudge
versimpeling	n	de · mv. versimpelingen	simplification
speurder	n	de · mv. speurders	detective, (crime) investigator
versimpelen	v	versimpelde – versimpeld	to simplify
etensrest	n	de · mv. etensresten	food scrap, leftovers
plas	n	de · mv. plassen	a body of still water, pool; puddle; an act of urinating, or its result
bescheid	n	het · mv. bescheiden	reply, response; document, file; soundness of mind, good judgement
beluisteren	v	beluisterde – beluisterd	to listen to
marteltuig	n	het · mv. marteltuigen	torture device
uitrazen	v	raasde uit – uitgeraasd	to finish raging, to die down, subside
salaris	n	het · mv. salarissen	salary
vernieuwen	v	vernieuwde – vernieuwd	to renew
ontvoogding	n	de · mv. ontvoogdingen	emancipation
goe	a		good
Anouk	m		a female given name
bockbier	n	het · mv. bockbieren	bock beer; a glass of bock beer
Beieren	m		Bavaria (a historic region, former duchy, former kingdom, and modern state…
uitkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitkomen
ovatie	n	de · mv. ovaties	ovation
zwezerik	n	de · mv. zwezeriken	thymus, sweetbread
globalisering	n	de	globalization (US), globalisation (UK)
cyclocross	n	de	cyclocross
schaafwond	n	de · mv. schaafwonden	skin abrasion, excoriation
kutten	v		to mess with or fuck with someone
onderlip	n	de · mv. onderlippen	lower lip
bovenlip	n	de · mv. bovenlippen	upper lip
verhoorkamer	n	de · mv. verhoorkamers	interrogation room
lipvis	n	de · mv. lipvissen	wrasse (marine fish)
schaamlip	n	de · mv. schaamlippen	labium (of the vulva)
loslippig	a		indiscreet, loose-lipped
fouilleren	v	fouilleerde – gefouilleerd	to search, to frisk
vreugdeloos	a		sad, bleak
hartstochtelijk	a		passionate, intense
Eliene	m		a female given name, variant of Eline
digitaliseren	v	digitaliseerde – gedigitaliseerd	to digitalize/digitalise
Etruskisch	m		the Etruscan language
Etruskisch	a		Etruscan
subjectief	a		subjective
creatief	a		creative
categoriseren	v	categoriseerde – gecategoriseerd	to categorize
structureel	a		structural
ingeworteld	a		ingrained
journalistiek	a		journalistic
journalistiek	n	de	journalism
hoorspel	n	het · mv. hoorspelen	radio drama, radioplay
klaaglied	n	het · mv. klaagliederen	elegy
doorgeve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorgeven
moederlijk	a		maternal
Braziliaanse	n	de · mv. Braziliaansen	a Brazilian woman
zeebeving	n	de · mv. zeebevingen	seaquake
grommen	v	gromde – gegromd	to grumble, growl
lippendienst	n	de · mv. lippendiensten	lip service, empty talk
liplezen	v	las lip – lipgelezen	to read lips
lipklank	n	de · mv. lipklanken	labial consonant
lippenrood	n	het	vermilion, the red of the lip; the red dye used for lipsticks
inzake	p		concerning, as far as ... is concerned
bewijsvoering	n	de · mv. bewijsvoeringen	the argumentation applied to prove or plead a case
voering	n	de · mv. voeringen	lining of a garment, underlay
mistroostig	a		despondent, miserable
proletarisch	a		proletarian
braderie	n	de · mv. braderieën	open-air fair (market)
spermatozoön	n	het · mv. spermatozoa	spermatozoon
introduceren	v	introduceerde – geïntroduceerd	to introduce
standaard	a		standard
standaard	d		by default
standaard	n	de · mv. standaarden	standard, norm; standard unit; a banner, a standard
gehandicapt	a		disabled, handicapped
toevoeg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toevoegen
toevoegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toevoegen
toevoege	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toevoegen
uitrust	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
uitruste	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitrusten
aanpas	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanpassen
aanpast	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanpassen
aanpasse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanpassen
draaiing	n	de · mv. draaiingen	rotation; any one scramble of a Rubik's cube
behelzen	v	behelsde – behelsd	to contain; to involve
aandrijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aandrijven
aandrijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aandrijven
aandreef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aandrijven
aandrijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aandrijven
brandstofcel	n	de · mv. brandstofcellen	fuel cell
gelaagd	a		layered, laminated
ankeren	v	ankerde – geankerd	to anchor
obstakel	n	het · mv. obstakels	obstacle
eenmanszaak	n	de · mv. eenmanszaken	sole trader
roodborst	n	de · mv. roodborsten	robin (Erithacus rubecula); synonym of gekraagde roodstaart (“Phoenicurus phoenicurus”)
prairiehond	n	de · mv. prairiehonden	the burrowing rodent prairie dog, of the genus Cynomys
ranzig	a		rancid, disgusting; dirty, unclean, gross
vermaken	v	vermaakte – vermaakt	to entertain, to amuse; to amuse oneself; to renovate, to restore
ijskoud	a		ice-cold, freezing cold
geluidsoverlast	n	de	noise pollution (excessive noise)
dryade	n	de · mv. dryaden	dryad
asla	n	de · mv. asla's	ash pan
winnares	n	de · mv. winnaressen	winner
latuw	n	de	lettuce
harsten	v	harstte – geharst	to fry
meuken	v	meukte – gemeukt	to simmer
sudderen	v	sudderde – gesudderd	to simmer
veldslag	n	de · mv. veldslagen	a battle on open land (therefore excluding sieges); the practice of letting livestock graze on the commons
stadhouder	n	de · mv. stadhouders	stadtholder (chief magistrate of the Dutch Republic)
Maurits	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Morris
handelsvloot	n	de · mv. handelsvloten	merchant navy
vloot	n	de · mv. vloten	fleet
toebrengen	v	bracht toe – toegebracht	to inflict
situeren	v	situeerde – gesitueerd	to situate
alliantie	n	de · mv. allianties	alliance
bruidsschat	n	de · mv. bruidsschatten	dowry (money or goods given to the bridegroom by the bride's parents); bride price, reverse dowry (money or goods given to the bride or her parents…
overdraag	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overdragen
overdraagt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overdragen
overdroeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overdragen
overdrage	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overdragen
aanstel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanstellen
aanstelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanstellen
aanstelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanstellen
Maximiliaan	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Maximilian
afstaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afstaan
afstond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afstaan
optekenen	v	tekende op – opgetekend	to note down, record
inkeer	n	de	repentance
kinderloze	n	de · mv. kinderlozen	person without children
stuit	n	de · mv. stuiten	tailbone
intrekken	v	trok in – ingetrokken	to withdraw, revoke; to march in (see binnentrekken)
offensief	n	het · mv. offensieven	offensive
offensief	a		offensive
kaperbrief	n	de · mv. kaperbrieven	letter of marque
kaapvaart	n	de	privateering, freebooting under a letter of marque
kaper	n	de · mv. kapers	privateer, pirate; hijacker
vlooteskader	n	het · mv. vlooteskaders	navy squadron
eskader	n	het · mv. eskaders	squadron
kaping	n	de · mv. kapingen	hijacking
muiten	v	muitte – gemuit	to mutiny; to moult
uitbetaling	n	de · mv. uitbetalingen	payment
waardevol	a		valuable, useful
aanvallend	a		offensive, aggressive
muiter	n	de · mv. muiters	mutineer
inname	n	de · mv. innamen	ingestion, intake; accession, conquest
inname	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of innemen
handelsvaart	n	de	merchant shipping
gniffelen	v	gniffelde – gegniffeld	to snigger, chuckle, to laugh quietly
noodlot	n	het	fate, destiny; disastrous fate; bad luck, misfortune
zuinigjes	d		not leniently, strictly, uncharitably, soberly; economically, meagrely
epigrafie	n	de · mv. epigrafieën	epigraphy
denkrimpel	n	de · mv. denkrimpels	a wrinkle that becomes visible when a person is deep in thought and furrows…
palaveren	v	palaverde – gepalaverd	to talk or discuss excessively
smerig	a		dirty, filthy, grubby
negatief	a		negative
negatief	n	het · mv. negatieven	a negative, a negative image
zwakte	n	de · mv. zwakten	weakness
daltonisme	n	het	daltonism
kegel	n	de · mv. kegels	cone; bowling pin; cone cell (in the retina)
goedemiddag	i		good afternoon
trombose	n	de · mv. trombosen	thrombosis
ebbenhout	n	het	the dark tropical wood ebony
dode	n	de · mv. doden	a deceased person; a casualty, victim of a fatal killing, illness, accident etc
ral	n	de · mv. rallen	rail (bird of the family Rallidae)
scheerzeep	n	de · mv. scheerzepen	shaving soap
oplichter	n	de · mv. oplichters	imposter, fraud; con-artist
onaangeroerd	a		pristine, unspoiled; untouched, (topic) undiscussed
juweel	n	het · mv. juwelen	jewel, piece of jewellery; gem, precious stone
hoekig	a		angular; stiff, rigid
omschrijving	n	de · mv. omschrijvingen	description, definition
herkenbaar	a		recognizable
zwavelzuurgehalte	n	het	sulfuric acid content
zwavelzuurijzer	n	het	sulfuric iron
engels	n	het · mv. engelsen	a unit of mass equal to one twentieth of an ounce, approximately 1.5 grams; a physical weight used for weighing gold or silver
zoeker	n	de · mv. zoekers	searcher, seeker; viewfinder
mountainbike	n	de · mv. mountainbikes	a mountain bike
kats	d		to the fullest extent; entirely, utterly
Abelone	m		a female given name
testikel	n	de · mv. testikels	testicle
vrijstaat	n	de · mv. vrijstaten	free state
vrijer	n	de · mv. vrijers	suitor; lover, friend; bachelor
senaat	n	de · mv. senaten	senate
groeperen	v	groepeerde – gegroepeerd	to group
annexeren	v	annexeerde – geannexeerd	to annex, to incorporate by force
karbonkel	n	het · mv. karbonkels	ruby, garnet; carbuncle
aanklacht	n	de · mv. aanklachten	indictment, charge against a crime
weemoed	n	de	melancholy
lymfe	n	de	lymph
heus	a		friendly, polite; real, genuine; impressive for being indistinguishable from the real thing
heus	d		really, actually, genuinely
ensceneren	v	ensceneerde – geënsceneerd	to stage (to demonstrate in a deceptive manner); to perform, to present
babysitten	v	babysitte – gebabysit	to babysit
sensatie	n	de · mv. sensaties	sensation
ongelovig	a		unbelieving
meesmuilen	v	meesmuilde – gemeesmuild	to laugh in a jeering or mocking fashion
beëdiging	n	de · mv. beëdigingen	the act of swearing in
herkrijgen	v	herkreeg – herkregen	to regain, to recover possession of
smeergeld	n	het	graft, bribe
waterkoker	n	de · mv. waterkokers	kettle (A vessel for boiling water for tea; a teakettle.)
nietje	n	het · mv. nietjes	staple
haren	a		made of hair, haircloth
haren	t		dative neuter/plural of haar
Semitisch	a		Semitic
noordoostelijk	a		northeastern, northeasterly
rockband	n	de · mv. rockbands	rock band
oprichte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oprichten
uitgebracht	a		released
uitbreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbrengen
uitbrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbrengen
uitbracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitbrengen
uitbrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitbrengen
opgaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opgaan
opging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opgaan
doorbreken	v	brak door – doorgebroken	to break, break through, break in half; to break through
glorieus	a		glorious
afstudeer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afstuderen
afstudeert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afstuderen
afstudere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afstuderen
muzikaal	a		musical; musically gifted
apparatuur	n	de	equipment, esp. a set of devices
frustratie	n	de · mv. frustraties	frustration
platencontract	n	het · mv. platencontracten	recording contract
Kaapstad	m		Cape Town (the legislative capital of South Africa)
dwaalgast	n	de · mv. dwaalgasten	vagrant (animal occurring outside its species' usual range), usually a…
eentonigheid	n	de · mv. eentonigheden	monotony, dullness
ijzeren	a		iron (made out of iron)
francofilie	n	de	Francophilia (admiration of French culture and/or language)
platenlabel	n	de/het · mv. platenlabels	record label
vicevoorzitter	n	de · mv. vicevoorzitters	vice-chairman
bederf	n	het	decay, rotting; deterioration, worsening; need, necessity
nominatie	n	de · mv. nominaties	nomination
optrede	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of optreden
optrede	n	de · mv. optredes	riser: a vertical part of a step on a staircase
toer	n	de · mv. toeren	turn, rotation, revolution; tour, trip; prank, stunt, trick
toeren	v	toerde – getoerd	to go out riding, to travel by bike, bicycle touring; to be on tour
vergissing	n	de · mv. vergissingen	mistake
vergeefs	d		in vain
vergeefs	a		fruitless, futile
blondine	n	de · mv. blondines	a blonde (fair-haired) female
beenmerg	n	het · mv. beenmergen	bone marrow
ruimtetuig	n	het · mv. ruimtetuigen	a spacecraft, vehicle traveling through space
misprijzen	v	misprees – misprezen	to disapprove of, reproach
opbellen	v	belde op – opgebeld	to call (up) (to contact by telephone)
goedlachs	a		given to laughter, joyful; cheerful, regardless whether there is any reason for joy
lesbisch	a		lesbian (female homosexual); between two or more women; lesbian, homosexual, gay
Friulisch	m		Friulian (language spoken in Friuli)
Friulaans	m		Friulian (language spoken in Friuli)
directie	n	de · mv. directies	management (administration; the process or practice of managing)
diender	n	de · mv. dienders	synonym of politieagent (“police officer”)
stuurprogramma	n	het · mv. stuurprogramma's	a program to steer or otherwise control some thing or process; a driver, program acting as interface between an application and hardware it…
opdragen	v	droeg op – opgedragen	to assign a duty to, to charge with; to dedicate (to another); to entrust
ejaculatie	n	de · mv. ejaculaties	ejaculation; an uttering,; a quick, short prayer
Maris	m		a surname; a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
tomatenketchup	n	de · mv. tomatenketchups	tomato ketchup
harpoen	n	de · mv. harpoenen	a harpoon, short spearlike weapon with a barbed head thrown at the target,…; some similar weapons; a figure representing a harpoon
eierstok	n	de · mv. eierstokken	ovary, the female animal's organ which produces eggs; the swelling part of a pistil which bears ovules
eeuwenlang	d		for centuries
eeuwenlang	a		for centuries, lasting centuries, centuries-long
waterplaats	n	de · mv. waterplaatsen	urinal; drinking fountain, waterhole (an open storage where drinking water is kept)
ongenaakbaar	a		unapproachable, inaccessible; distant, detached, aloof
roestig	a		rusty; of the colour of rust
spijl	n	de · mv. spijlen	bar (on a fence)
vlonder	n	de · mv. vlonders	wooden walkway over a creek, a duckboard; wooden patio or floor
vervaarlijk	a		horrible, dreadful
enscenering	n	de · mv. ensceneringen	stage performance; presentation, demonstration
artiestennaam	n	de · mv. artiestennamen	stage name
ontgaan	v	ontging – ontgaan	to escape, elude
uitbouw	n	de · mv. uitbouwen	annex, extension to a building
lijkstijfheid	n	de	rigor mortis
muurvast	a		extremely firm and strong
piekerig	a		spiky, prickly (hair)
onbehoorlijk	a		unfitting, improper
ontij	n	het	found in the idiomatic phrase bij nacht en ontij
Hongaar	n	de · mv. Hongaren	a Hungarian, member of the Magyar people; a Hungarian, member or descendant of the population of Hungary
grijzig	a		greyish, of a colour or shade which resembles or hinges on grey and/or…
groenig	a		greenish, of a colour or shade which resembles or hinges on green and/or…
slobkous	n	de · mv. slobkousen	gaiter, spat
schuifelen	v	schuifelde – geschuifeld	to shuffle, move slowly
plechtig	a		formal, stiff; solemn, ceremonious
statig	a		stately, solemn, ceremonious, stern
laconiek	a		laconic, pithy; indifferent, laid back
doodkalm	a		calm, cool
beeldhouwkunst	n	de	artistic sculpting
toonkunst	n	de · mv. toonkunsten	music, the musical art; especially composing
deskundig	a		highly capable, expert
rokeren	v	rokeerde – gerokeerd	to castle (perform the chess move of castling, in which one exchanges the…
achterdek	n	het · mv. achterdekken	afterdeck, quarterdeck
toonkunstenaar	n	de · mv. toonkunstenaars	a musical artist, notably a composer
kwint	n	de · mv. kwinten	quint, fifth (musical interval of one fifth)
vioolbouwer	n	de · mv. vioolbouwers	violin maker
oplever	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opleveren
oplevere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opleveren
altviolist	n	de · mv. altviolisten	violist
verblijden	v	verblijdde – verblijd	to gladden
voortbreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voortbrengen
voortbrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voortbrengen
voortbrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voortbrengen
zwaardvis	n	de · mv. zwaardvissen	swordfish (Xiphias gladius)
vundig	a		mouldy, musty; sordid, obscene
etalage	n	de · mv. etalages	window dressing
mysterie	n	het · mv. mysteries	mystery
dreun	n	de · mv. dreunen	smash, thud, blow; boom, bang
weifelen	v	weifelde – geweifeld	to waver, falter, hesitate
werpmes	n	het · mv. werpmessen	throwing knife
kordaat	a		firm, resolute
spookachtig	a		eerie, spooky, ghastly
versomberen	v	versomberde – versomberd	to sadden, to become sombre
exoplaneet	n	de · mv. exoplaneten	exoplanet
binnenplaneet	n	de · mv. binnenplaneten	inner planet
certificaat	n	het · mv. certificaten	certificate, document as certified proof; certificate, various financial documents
buitenplaneet	n	de · mv. buitenplaneten	outer planet
resolutie	n	de · mv. resoluties	resolution (official decision); resolution (degree of visual fineness)
postduif	n	de · mv. postduiven	a homing pigeon, domesticated dove used as message courier
hartkamer	n	de · mv. hartkamers	ventricle, lower chamber of a heart
ventrikel	n	de/het · mv. ventrikels	one of two lower chambers of the heart; a compartment of the brain
noemer	n	de · mv. noemers	the denominator, the number or expression written below the line in a…; a term, moniker, name
kookvis	n	de · mv. kookvissen	a culinary dish based on boiled fish; a fish species commonly used for the above
zoetwatervis	n	de · mv. zoetwatervissen	a fish (individual, species or other taxon) living in a fresh water environment
puberteit	n	de · mv. puberteiten	puberty
gesel	n	de · mv. gesels	scourge (a whip often of leather)
onpartijdig	a		not being affiliated to a stakeholder, impartial, unpartisan; impartial, unbiased, treating all parties, rivals or disputants equally (of…; not tainted by partiality or prejudice (of things)
roodborstlijster	n	de · mv. roodborstlijsters	American robin (Turdus migratorius)
tandzijde	n	de	dental floss, floss used to clean the areas between the teeth
militarisme	n	het	militarism
vaatwasser	n	de · mv. vaatwassers	dishwasher (machine)
klankkast	n	de · mv. klankkasten	sound box
vingeren	v	vingerde – gevingerd	to finger; to stimulate one's own or another person's vulva or vagina using…; to stimulate one's own or another person's anus using the fingers
bespelen	v	bespeelde – bespeeld	to play (a musical instrument)
weerbarstig	a		rebellious, recalcitrant, unruly; difficult, pesky (said of problems); difficult to shape, inflexible (said of materials)
jarig	a		having one's birthday
vlinderen	v	vlinderde – gevlinderd	to flutter; to swim the butterfly stroke; to smooth a new concrete floor using a trowel or some other tool
vlindermachine	n	de · mv. vlindermachines	trowel machine
bigender	a		experiencing activity of two gender identities simultaneously, most commonly…
bigender	n	de · mv. bigenders	A bigender person
bloemenveiling	n	de · mv. bloemenveilingen	flower auction
confucianisme	n	het	Confucianism
aanneme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aannemen
peervormig	a		pear-shaped
normaliter	d		normally
aapje	n	het · mv. aapjes	a roofed carriage that could be hired for rides
massief	a		solid, massive
massief	n	het · mv. massieven	massif, mountain mass
gebrekkig	a		deficient, lacking, inadequate, faulty
ontstemmen	v	ontstemde – ontstemd	to go out of tune; to displease
verzachten	v	verzachtte – verzacht	to soften
melodieus	a		melodious
demper	n	de · mv. dempers	damper; suppressor, silencer
krul	n	de · mv. krullen	a curl shape (such as in hair or writing); a flourish of approval ; a curly loop as a symbol, used by teachers to mark…
kinstuk	n	het · mv. kinstukken	chinrest
bespeler	n	de · mv. bespelers	player (e.g. of a musical instrument)
staartstuk	n	het · mv. staartstukken	tailpiece (e.g. of a violin or an airplane)
fijnstemmer	n	de · mv. fijnstemmers	fine tuner (e.g. on a violin)
galmen	v	galmde – gegalmd	to resound, to echo
klankgat	n	het · mv. klankgaten	f-hole (e.g. of a violin)
stemknop	n	de · mv. stemknoppen	tuning peg
ontrafelen	v	ontrafelde – ontrafeld	to untie, unravel
velg	n	de · mv. velgen	rim (of a wheel)
kunstzijde	n	de	artificial silk
plakkaat	n	het · mv. plakkaten	placard
zuidwestelijk	a		southwesterly, southwestern
zuidwestelijk	d		southwesterly
wijnbouw	n	de	viticulture, wine-growing
vooraanstaand	a		prominent
debiet	n	het · mv. debieten	discharge, flow (volume of fluid passing through an opening/river/tube in a…; sales (the totality of products or services sold in a given timeframe)
omzomen	v	zoomde om – omgezoomd	to change the hem of a piece of clothing; to border, skirt
wijnhelling	n	de · mv. wijnhellingen	a vineyard located on sloped terrain, i.e. a wine slope
brij	n	de · mv. brijen	porridge; goop, muck
draaiorgel	n	het · mv. draaiorgels	barrel organ
reppen	v	repte – gerept	to bring up, to mention (often used with van or over); to hurry
wazig	a		bleary, blurry, fuzzy
ruchtbaarheid	n	de	public knowledge, publicity, limelight
diefstal	n	de · mv. diefstallen	theft
gruzelementen	n		smithereens (fragments or splintered pieces; numerous tiny disconnected items)
jaloers	a		jealous, envious (bitterly or enviously competitive)
bloggen	v	blogde – geblogd	to blog (to keep a weblog)
dormitorium	n	het · mv. dormitoria	a dormitory, especially in a monastery
dijbeen	n	het · mv. dijbenen	thighbone, femur
lij	n	de · mv. lijen	lee (side of the ship away from the wind)
bewusteloos	a		unconscious (not awake and unaware of one's surroundings)
hypofyse	n	de · mv. hypofysen	hypophysis, pituitary gland
Ineke	m		a female given name
verzoekschrift	n	het · mv. verzoekschriften	petition
zuidoostelijk	a		southeastern
zuidoostelijk	d		southeasterly
historicus	n	de · mv. historici	historian
geschiedkundige	n	de · mv. geschiedkundigen	historian
suggereren	v	suggereerde – gesuggereerd	to suggest
aftakking	n	de · mv. aftakkingen	bifurcation, crotch; ramification, branching; distributary
telexbericht	n	het · mv. telexberichten	a message delivered by a telex machine
ambassadrice	n	de · mv. ambassadrices	an ambassadress, female ambassador
verzot	a		very fond of, infatuated with
Rogier	m		a male given name
blos	n	de · mv. blossen	blush, reddening of the cheeks
doorslag	n	de · mv. doorslagen	turn, final decision; moisture or a particulate solid that passes through a barrier like a wall; carbon copy
doorslaggevend	a		decisive, conclusive
maskeren	v	maskeerde – gemaskeerd	to mask
beletsel	n	het · mv. beletsels	obstacle, hindrance
verpletteren	v	verpletterde – verpletterd	to crush, smash; to overwhelm, crush
mokerslag	n	de · mv. mokerslagen	a blow from a sledgehammer; crushing blow, winning hit
miniatuur	n	de · mv. miniaturen	miniature (manuscript illustration)
zover	d		so far, as far as (often written zo ver)
tafelblad	n	het · mv. tafelbladen	table top
sissen	v	siste – gesist	to hiss, sizzle; to hiss, to express disapproval
sectie	n	de · mv. secties	dissection, autopsy; autopsy with no requirement for the consent of relatives; subdivision
uitwerking	n	de · mv. uitwerkingen	effect, consequence; elaboration
uitwerken	v	werkte uit – uitgewerkt	to effect, put in place; to elaborate, expand
vinnig	a		unfriendly in a brusque way, mean, acrimonious; alert, agile; having fins
bolrond	a		convex
borstelig	a		prickly (of hair)
ruk	n	de · mv. rukken	pull, jerk
ruk	a		crap, shitty, garbage
oneens	a		not of the same opinion
ebbenhouten	a		consisting/made of ebony
frêle	a		frail
trommelrem	n	de · mv. trommelremmen	drum brake
devoot	a		devout, pious
heler	n	de · mv. helers	healer; fence (middleman for transactions of stolen goods)
keuren	v	keurde – gekeurd	to inspect, assess; to test, sample
vaandrig	n	de · mv. vaandrigs	ensign, someone (usually a low-ranking officer) who carriers a banner; the lowest rank in the Army, Air Force and Marechaussee; an assistant leader
overbieden	v	overbood – overboden	to offer more than, to outbid; bid again (make over)
explosie	n	de · mv. explosies	explosion
razend	a		raging
razendsnel	a		superfast
overneem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overnemen
overneemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overnemen
overnam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overnemen
overneme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overnemen
opneem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opnemen
opneemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opnemen
opnam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opnemen
opneme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opnemen
arrestatie	n	de · mv. arrestaties	arrest (the act of arresting a criminal, suspect etc.)
uitneem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitnemen
uitneemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitnemen
uitnam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitnemen
uitnemend	a		excellent, outstanding, elevated; extraordinary, exceptional, to a high degree
wegneem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegnemen
wegneemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegnemen
wegnam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of wegnemen
intimideren	v	intimideerde – geïntimideerd	to intimidate
lappen	v	lapte – gelapt	to piece up, to patch, to repair; to patch up, to repair with patches; to raise (money)
uitzendbureau	n	het · mv. uitzendbureaus	employment agency
knipogen	v	knipoogde – geknipoogd	to wink
kastelein	n	de · mv. kasteleins	a barman, a bartender, a barkeeper
verslikken	v	verslikte – verslikt	to choke, to swallow wrong
miezerig	a		damp, drizzly; measly
bioloog	n	de · mv. biologen	biologist
spelfout	n	de · mv. spelfouten	spelling mistake, misspelling
wegneme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of wegnemen
opknappen	v	knapte op – opgeknapt	to overhaul, to renovate, to refurbish; to take care of (a job or task); to get better, to recuperate, to cheer up
basiliek	n	de · mv. basilieken	basilica
barok	m		the Baroque (period)
barok	a		baroque
bedevaartsoord	n	het · mv. bedevaartsoorden	place of pilgrimage
doorvoeren	v	voerde door – doorgevoerd	to consistently apply; to carry out, to implement; to carry or transport further, to continue to transport
metselen	v	metselde – gemetseld	to lay bricks; to build
tutje	n	het · mv. tutjes	pacifier, dummy
reclassering	n	de	rehabilitation of ex-convicts
pedofiel	n	de · mv. pedofielen	pedophile
pedofiel	a		pedophilic
pedoseksueel	n	de · mv. pedoseksuelen	someone who has sexual tendency towards children, a pedophile
pedoseksualiteit	n	de	pedophilia
meetlat	n	de · mv. meetlatten	a graduated flat ruler or yardstick, fit for measuring small distances
hydrostatisch	a		hydrostatic
wartel	n	de · mv. wartels	Any of various fittings, connectors or similar technical elements involving…
meemaken	v	maakte mee – meegemaakt	to participate in, attend; to experience
slagader	n	de · mv. slagaders	artery
geluidstape	n	de · mv. geluidstapes	voice tape
kennismaking	n	de · mv. kennismakingen	acquaintance, meeting of someone for the first time
fetisjistisch	a		fetishistic
onbruik	n	het	disuse
versnellingspook	n	de · mv. versnellingspoken	gear lever, gearstick, shift stick
beraad	n	het · mv. beraden	consideration, consultation (the process of considering)
brandewijn	n	de · mv. brandewijnen	brandy (type of strong liquor distilled from wine or another alcoholic beverage)
petrologie	n	de	petrology
blaf	n	de · mv. blaffen	a single yelp of (notably canine) barking, a bark
instructeur	n	de · mv. instructeurs	instructor
vuurbol	n	de · mv. vuurbollen	fireball; bolide; an exceptionally bright shooting star (meteor)
kapoen	n	de · mv. kapoenen	capon (a cockerel which has been gelded and fattened for the table)
scheepswerf	n	de · mv. scheepswerven	a shipyard, place and/or firm for building and/or repairing ships
horrorfilm	n	de · mv. horrorfilms	horror movie
keurmerk	n	het · mv. keurmerken	seal of approval
correctheid	n	de	correctness
microcefalie	n	de	microcephaly
basketballen	v	basketbalde – gebasketbald	to play basketball
koekje	n	het · mv. koekjes	cookie
godverdorie	i		I'll be damned, goddammit
verstenen	v	versteende – versteend	to petrify, turn (something) into rock; to harden, make insensitive; to be petrified, turned into rock
verkwikken	v	verkwikte – verkwikt	to freshen up, refresh
droevig	a		sad, melancholy; gloomy
verstarren	v	verstarde – verstard	to become petrified
narrig	a		peevish, grumpy, irritable
uitrekken	v	rekte uit – uitgerekt	to stretch out
cadans	n	de · mv. cadansen	cadence (rhythm)
stut	n	de · mv. stutten	support, prop
verheugen	v	verheugde – verheugd	to make happy, delight; to rejoice, be glad; to look forward
geaffecteerd	a		pretentious, false
klutsen	v	klutste – geklutst	to scramble; to clutch
husselen	v	husselde – gehusseld	to mix up, shake up; to shuffle
vormsel	n	het	confirmation
telefoongids	n	de · mv. telefoongidsen	telephone directory
telefoonboek	n	het · mv. telefoonboeken	phone book, telephone directory
onuitwisbaar	a		unerasable; indelible
psychotherapie	n	de · mv. psychotherapieën	psychotherapy
aardkorst	n	de	Earth's crust
continuïteit	n	de	continuity
discontinuïteit	n	de · mv. discontinuïteiten	discontinuity
grenslaag	n	de · mv. grenslagen	border layer
uitsluitsel	n	het · mv. uitsluitsels	definite answer; exclusion
eindig	a		finite
staatsman	n	de · mv. staatsmannen	statesman
hexagonaal	a		hexagonal, having six edges, or having a cross-section in the form of a hexagon
zonnecel	n	de · mv. zonnecellen	solar cell (semiconductor device)
oversteek	n	de · mv. oversteken	crossing
oversteek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oversteken
oversteekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oversteken
overstak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of oversteken
oversteke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oversteken
proclameren	v	proclameerde – geproclameerd	to proclaim
toernooi	n	het · mv. toernooien	tournament
modernistisch	a		modernist
realiseren	v	realiseerde – gerealiseerd	to realize, to achieve, to bring about; to realise (UK), realize (US), to become aware of
staatsburger	n	de · mv. staatsburgers	citizen (of a country)
geestelijke	n	de · mv. geestelijken	anyone whose profession has a spiritual component, such as a monk, a…
raamwerk	n	het · mv. raamwerken	framework
terugbrengen	v	bracht terug – teruggebracht	to bring back, return; to reduce
relativeren	v	relativeerde – gerelativeerd	to relativize
tuinbroek	n	de · mv. tuinbroeken	an overall, dungarees
ecosysteem	n	het · mv. ecosystemen	an ecosystem, system of an ecological community of species and its environment
traliën	v	traliede – getralied	to equip with bars or a grill
getralied	a		grilled (window etc...)
stiefvader	n	de · mv. stiefvaders	stepfather, stepdad
werst	n	de · mv. wersten	verst (obsolete Russian unit of length)
doelbewust	a		purposeful, deliberate; resolute, determined
doelbewust	d		purposefully
speelschuld	n	de · mv. speelschulden	gambling debt
wrevelig	a		spiteful, cantankerous
wrevel	n	de · mv. wrevels	resentment, irritation
soepel	a		supple, flexible; pliable, flexible (e.g. personality)
wippen	v	wipte – gewipt	to play with a seesaw; to overthrow, flip over; to dandle, teeter
wip	n	de	hopping; seesaw; lever on a drawbridge
definitief	a		definitive, conclusive; final
betalingstermijn	n	de · mv. betalingstermijnen	term of payment, payment deadline
sleutelbaard	n	de · mv. sleutelbaarden	key bit
morrelen	v	morrelde – gemorreld	to fiddle
omzichtig	a		cautious, discreet, prudent
onbeschrijfelijk	a		indescribable, unspeakable
wanorde	n	de · mv. wanordes	disorder, chaos
spanjoletsluiting	n	de · mv. spanjoletsluitingen	espagnolette
goudblond	a		(beer) golden blond
ontworstelen	v	ontworstelde – ontworsteld	to untangle, wrestle free from
stuntelig	a		clumsy
indicativus	n	de · mv. indicativi	the indicative mood or a word therein
droefheid	n	de · mv. droefheden	sadness, grief
strijdvaardig	a		aggressive, belligerent, combative; assertive, unsubmissive; able
muntkunde	n	de	numismatics (discipline), collection and study of coins
minzaam	a		affable, friendly
boomstam	n	de · mv. boomstammen	a tree trunk, main structural member of a tree
kinderverhaal	n	het · mv. kinderverhalen	children's story
schrijverschap	n	het · mv. schrijverschappen	authorship
wereldberoemd	a		world-famous
veertigste	a		fortieth
zestigste	a		sixtieth
pompoen	n	de · mv. pompoenen	pumpkin (plant of genus Cucurbita, or its edible fruit)
weerwolf	n	de · mv. weerwolven	werewolf
kostuum	n	het · mv. kostuums	a suit; a theatrical costume of a character
zuurzak	n	de · mv. zuurzakken	the East Indian tree species Artocarpus integrifolius (chempedak); the South American tree species Annona muricata (custard apple; a soursop)
puitebloot	a		starkers, completely naked, au naturel
halfnaakt	a		seminaked, largely nude, only partially dressed or otherwise covered
naaktloperij	n	de · mv. naaktloperijen	the activity of nudism
naaktstrand	n	het · mv. naaktstranden	a nudist beach, a nude beach; a beach where one is allowed or required to…
waakzaam	a		vigilant, watchful
pijnbank	n	de · mv. pijnbanken	rack (torturing device); any difficult or painful experience or situation; any hostile treatment
geselen	v	geselde – gegeseld	to flog, to scourge (notably with a multi-tail whip); to scourge, ravage, inflict great damage
folteren	v	folterde – gefolterd	to torture; to torment, to agonize
beerput	n	de · mv. beerputten	cesspool, storage for effluent waste
minnaar	n	de · mv. minnaars	lover
berouwvol	a		regretful, repentant
opgetogen	a		ecstatic, excited
zandstrand	n	het · mv. zandstranden	a sandbeach
gedachtenis	n	de · mv. gedachtenissen	commemoration, remembrance
interieur	n	het · mv. interieurs	interior
lijnrijderij	n	de · mv. lijnrijderijen	a business that distributes flowers by sending specialized trucks along a…; the profession of driving specialized trucks distributing flowers
postimpressionisme	n	het	postimpressionism
kunsthandelaar	n	de · mv. kunsthandelaars	art dealer
kunsthandel	n	de · mv. kunsthandels	art dealership
kostganger	n	de · mv. kostgangers	lodger
aanranding	n	de · mv. aanrandingen	sexual assault, (an instance of) physical sexual abuse; an assault, a violent attack
rabarber	n	de · mv. rabarbers	rhubarb (plant of genus Rheum, particularly Rheum rhabarbarum or cultivated…; rhubarb petioles, eaten as food
rechtspraak	n	de · mv. rechtspraken	the administration of justice by the judiciary, jurisdiction; jurisprudence, the interpretation of law as shown by legal precedents
agorafobie	n	de	agoraphobia
nieuwgekozen	a		newly chosen
plaatsvervanger	n	de · mv. plaatsvervangers	deputy; substitute; alternate
inhuldig	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inhuldigen
inhuldigt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inhuldigen
inhuldige	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inhuldigen
rechtens	d		by right, according to law
inbezitneming	n	de · mv. inbezitnemingen	taking possession of
hoogmis	n	de · mv. hoogmissen	high mass
pontificaal	a		pontifical; pompous
aartsbisschop	n	de · mv. aartsbisschoppen	archbishop, bishop presiding over a province; archbishop, leader of a national church
terts	n	de · mv. tertsen	third (interval or chord); terce
vissersring	n	de · mv. vissersringen	piscatory ring
bisschopsring	n	de · mv. bisschopsringen	episcopal ring
verzegelen	v	verzegelde – verzegeld	to seal
melde	n	de · mv. meldes	saltbush
privébrief	n	de · mv. privébrieven	private (unofficial) piece of correspondence
pauselijk	a		papal
beeltenis	n	de · mv. beeltenissen	image; portrait
commerçant	n	de · mv. commerçanten	businessman, trader
aftrede	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aftreden
verbrijzelen	v	verbrijzelde – verbrijzeld	to shatter, to crush
antedateren	v	antedateerde – geantedateerd	to antedate
plaatsbekleder	n	de · mv. plaatsbekleders	incumbent
conclaaf	n	het · mv. conclaven	conclave (meeting room for electing a Pope; meeting for electing a Pope)
grendel	n	de · mv. grendels	bolt (of a door)
gerechtigde	n	de · mv. gerechtigden	person who is entitled to something
stemplichtig	a		required to vote
heraldiek	n	de · mv. heraldieken	heraldry
zwaarwegend	a		important, weighty, grave
beoordeling	n	de · mv. beoordelingen	assessment, judgement
wasgelegenheid	n	de · mv. wasgelegenheden	washing accommodation (i.e. something that functions as a restroom)
Kogge	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
gastenverblijf	n	het · mv. gastenverblijven	guesthouse
eidetisch	a		eidetic
misogynie	n	de	misogyny
zelfbeklag	n	het	complaining about one's condition, often framed as self-pity
prikkelen	v	prikkelde – geprikkeld	to prick, prod; to sting, burn; to urge, provoke
helderziend	a		sibylline, clairvoyant
monsteren	v	monsterde – gemonsterd	to inspect, to sample; to enroll, to be recruited; to muster (troops for inspection)
poef	n	de · mv. poefen	a pouf
poef	i		poof
kielzog	n	het	wake (path left behind by boats)
morren	v	morde – gemord	to grumble
kombuis	n	de · mv. kombuizen	a galley, a caboose (kitchen on a vessel)
gein	n	de	fun, pleasure, joke
soortgelijk	a		similar
verontschuldigen	v	verontschuldigde – verontschuldigd	to excuse, to forgive; to apologize
zolang	d		as long as, so long as
tieren	v	tierde – getierd	to thrive, prosper; to make a fuss, to rant
betamen	v	betaamde – betaamd	to behoove, to be appropriate, fitting or necessary, to suit; to please, to be welcome (to ...), to befit; to belong to, to be due to
wegvallen	v	viel weg – weggevallen	to become absent, disappear; to be left out, be omitted
neuro	n	de · mv. neuro's	a (putative) common currency for northern Europe
coreopsis	n	de · mv. coreopsissen	a coreopsis, a plant in the genus Coreopsis of composite herbs
zoöloog	n	de · mv. zoölogen	a zoologist, biologist specialised in the animal kingdom
episcopaal	a		episcopal, relating to a bishop and/or to the episcopate; Anglican, Episcopal
verslinden	v	verslond – verslonden	to devour, to eat greedily
grossier	n	de · mv. grossiers	a wholesaler
volharden	v	volhardde – volhard	to hold on to, persevere
beduiden	v	beduidde – beduid	to signify; to indicate, signal; to foreshadow
kuras	n	het · mv. kurassen	a cuirass, a breastplate
gesticuleren	v	gesticuleerde – gegesticuleerd	to gesticulate
pisnijdig	a		livid, furiously angry
olijfkleurig	a		olive (colour), greyish green
angstig	a		fearful, anxious
stommerik	n	de · mv. stommeriken	a dumbo, stupid person
hersenkronkel	n	de · mv. hersenkronkels	gyrus; a difficult puzzle, brain twister
geneugte	n	de · mv. geneugten	pleasure, joy
superplie	n	het · mv. superplies	surplice
bedroeven	v	bedroefde – bedroefd	to grieve, sadden
snuiter	n	de · mv. snuiters	type of scissors used for extinguishing candles; conical extinguisher; (curious) fellow, chap, (often) a strange chap
klandizie	n	de	business, clientele
piekfijn	a		mint, brand new; elegant, very neat
uitademen	v	ademde uit – uitgeademd	to breathe out, exhale
dof	a		dull, matte; dull, muffled; languid, apathetic
dof	n	de · mv. doffen	a dull impact; a slam, a pound, a blow
behaaglijk	a		pleasant, agreeable, comfortable
tinteling	n	de · mv. tintelingen	tingling
spijbelen	v	spijbelde – gespijbeld	to play truant, to cut class, to skip class, (UK) to bunk
tiener	n	de · mv. tieners	teenager
meewarig	a		pitying
prettig	a		merry, enjoyable
inzicht	n	het · mv. inzichten	insight, understanding, intuition; awareness, senses
geëmotioneerd	a		emotional
aanrecht	n	de/het · mv. aanrechten	worktop, countertop, counter (surface in the kitchen to prepare food on)
aanrechten	v	rechtte aan – aangerecht	to dish up
Linden	m		a village and former municipality of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
fronton	n	het · mv. frontons	pediment
vilein	a		mean, nasty
vilein	n	de · mv. vileinen	a vile person
biologeren	v	biologeerde – gebiologeerd	to entrance, to mesmerize
etaleren	v	etaleerde – geëtaleerd	to display, to exhibit, to showcase
Kaapprovincie	m		one of four constitutive provinces in the colonial and Apartheid era; one of more after the dismantling of Apartheid
perceel	n	het · mv. percelen	a parcel of land, a plot; building premises; a lot in an auction
meidoorn	n	de · mv. meidoorns	any species of the genus Crataegus, including hawthorn and mayblossom
kentekenplaat	n	de · mv. kentekenplaten	number plate, license plate
kenteken	n	het · mv. kentekens	license plate number
wegvagen	v	vaagde weg – weggevaagd	to wipe out, raze; to sweep away; to rub out, delete
specialiseren	v	specialiseerde – gespecialiseerd	to specialize oneself
aardbodem	n	de · mv. aardbodems	earth surface
grijns	n	de · mv. grijnzen	grin
heibel	n	de · mv. heibels	row, quarrel; uproar, commotion
ongeoorloofd	a		forbidden; unauthorized
luttel	t		little, few, mere
onthutst	a		abashed, confounded
bekritiseren	v	bekritiseerde – bekritiseerd	to criticise
dompteur	n	de · mv. dompteurs	animal tamer
kofferbak	n	de · mv. kofferbakken	a luggage compartment in a car; trunk, boot
hondenriem	n	de · mv. hondenriemen	dog leash
genote	n	de · mv. genoten	companion, mate
plaatsgenoot	n	de · mv. plaatsgenoten	a local, a townsman, someone who lives in the same general area
radijs	n	de · mv. radijzen	radish plant (Raphanus sativus); The root vegetable harvested from Raphanus sativus
hersenbloeding	n	de	bleeding of the brain, brain haemorrhage, intracranial hemorrhage
bediening	n	de · mv. bedieningen	attendance, service; maintenance, service; operation
ingreep	n	de · mv. ingrepen	intervention; surgery
ingreep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of ingrijpen
zenuwarts	n	de · mv. zenuwartsen	neurologist
besnijdenis	n	de · mv. besnijdenissen	circumcision
halsslagader	n	de · mv. halsslagaders	a carotid, a carotid artery
verzuimen	v	verzuimde – verzuimd	to neglect, overlook
vouw	n	de · mv. vouwen	fold, crease
lofwaardig	a		praiseworthy, laudable
Atlantisch	a		of or relating to the Atlantic Ocean
verankeren	v	verankerde – verankerd	to moor, anchor
Frans-Guyana	m		French Guiana (an overseas department and administrative region of France in…
overzees	a		overseas
gelijknamig	a		eponymous, similarly named
opdeel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdelen
opdeelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdelen
opdele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opdelen
verwantschap	n	de · mv. verwantschappen	kinship, relationship (by blood or marriage); relation, association, affinity, similarity
kolonisatie	n	de · mv. kolonisaties	colonisation (UK), colonization (US)
aantrekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aantrekken
afziet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzien
afzag	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afzien
afzagen	v	zaagde af – afgezaagd	to saw off
teruggave	n	de · mv. teruggaven	refund
teruggave	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of teruggeven
inneme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of innemen
buitenband	n	de · mv. buitenbanden	outer tyre
bijster	a		lost, missing
bijster	d		very
toezegging	n	de · mv. toezeggingen	promise, commitment
sociëteit	n	de · mv. sociëteiten	society (a group of people who meet from time to time to engage in a common…
belanghebbend	a		important; interested (e.g. owning a share of a company)
belanghebbende	n	de · mv. belanghebbenden	interested party
koloniseren	v	koloniseerde – gekoloniseerd	to colonise
afkopen	v	kocht af – afgekocht	to buy off
slavin	n	de · mv. slavinnen	female slave
gaandeweg	d		gradually, as time goes on
intocht	n	de · mv. intochten	entry, entrance. Commonly used for the arrival of Sinterklaas in the country; invasion
gadverdamme	i		shit, bah; ew
legerleider	n	de · mv. legerleiders	army leader
regenval	n	de · mv. regenvallen	rainfall
omgang	n	de · mv. omgangen	contact, interaction, intercourse; contact, relationship, association (family, sexual etc...); a procession (march)
galerij	n	de · mv. galerijen	gallery (a roofed promenade, especially one extending along the wall of a…; gallery (an establishment that buys, sells, and displays works of art); gallery (the uppermost seating area projecting from the rear or side walls…
onfatsoenlijk	a		indecent, improper; obscene, vulgar
doordacht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of doordenken (“to keep thinking”)
naadloos	a		seamless
naadloos	d		seamlessly
onstuimig	a		stormy; rambunctious, impetuous
zoutwatervis	n	de · mv. zoutwatervissen	a fish species with a saline (usually maritime) biotope
beendermeel	n	het	bone meal
omikron	n	de · mv. omikrons	omicron (Greek letter)
meelworm	n	de · mv. meelwormen	mealworm
lintworm	n	de · mv. lintwormen	tapeworm
behoeden	v	behoedde – behoed	to protect, watch over; to preserve
bakvis	n	de · mv. bakvissen	a pubescent girl, connoting giggliness and fangirlism; a fish cooked by frying (rather than boiling etc.), referring either a…
suspensoir	n	de/het · mv. suspensoirs	a suspensory, kind of bandage to suspend an injured bodypart in; a jockstrap, scanty underpants designed for athletes
jachten	v	jachtte – gejacht	to be hasty, hurry up
walvisjacht	n	de	whaling
effectiviteit	n	de	effectiveness
vernielen	v	vernielde – vernield	to destroy
versperren	v	versperde – versperd	to bar, block
bokser	n	de · mv. boksers	boxer (participant in a boxing match)
sympathisant	n	de · mv. sympathisanten	sympathizer
operacomponist	n	de · mv. operacomponisten	opera composer
afbuigen	v	boog af – afgebogen	to bend/curve away; to branch off
Zwitserse	n	de · mv. Zwitsersen	Swiss (female inhabitant of Switzerland)
werkloze	n	de · mv. werklozen	an unemployed person
vaarweg	n	de · mv. vaarwegen	waterway
walnoot	n	de · mv. walnoten	walnut (nut); walnut (tree of species Juglans regia)
strubbeling	n	de · mv. strubbelingen	disagreement, small argument
verachtelijk	a		scornful, disdainful; despicable
toeloop	n	de · mv. toelopen	a congregation, a crowd of people headed towards a single destination
toeloop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toelopen
toelopen	v	liep toe – toegelopen	to walk up to
voorstaan	v	stond voor – voorgestaan	to uphold, maintain; to advocate, represent, stand for; to be in the lead, to defend (a score)
schemerig	a		dim, dusky
intiem	a		intimate, personal; warm, friendly; intimate, sexual
twijfelachtig	a		dubious, doubtful
echtbreker	n	de · mv. echtbrekers	an adulterer, who breaks his (or her) marital bond; a homewrecker
parafasie	n	de · mv. parafasieën	paraphasia
retweet	n	de · mv. retweets	retweet
ijsbreker	n	de · mv. ijsbrekers	icebreaker (shipping); icebreaker (introduction); pioneer
bapao	n	de · mv. bapao's	baozi, a steamed stuffed bun with various fillings such as meat, bean paste,…
Roffa	m		Rotterdam
Lombok	m		an island of the Lesser Sunda Islands in Indonesia; a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Brummen, Gelderland, Netherlands
gading	n	de · mv. gadingen	satisfaction
aborteren	v	aborteerde – geaborteerd	to abort, to cause a premature termination of (a fetus)
kofferschrijfmachine	n	de · mv. kofferschrijfmachines	a typewriter which has its own solid, roughly suitcase-shaped casing
meetbaar	a		measurable, which can be measured (up)
propanon	n	het	propanone
bravoure	n	de	bravura, bluster; self-confident display of skill
ouvreuse	n	de · mv. ouvreuses	usherette
vervorming	n	de · mv. vervormingen	transformation; deformation
uitgroeisel	n	het · mv. uitgroeisels	outgrowth
oriëntatie	n	de · mv. oriëntaties	orientation
georiënteerdheid	n	de · mv. georiënteerdheden	orientation
Papiaments	m		Papiamento (creole language)
samenhang	n	de · mv. samenhangen	connectedness; relation, relationship
samenhang	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenhangen
grazen	v	graasde – gegraasd	to graze (to eat grass from a pasture)
homeomorfisme	n	het	homeomorphism
notie	n	de · mv. noties	notion
homotopisch	a		homotopic
fundamenteel	a		fundamental
samenhangendheid	n	de · mv. samenhangendheden	connectedness
compactheid	n	de · mv. compactheden	compactness
algebraïsch	a		algebraic
inverteerbaar	a		invertible: which has an inverse
bijectief	a		bijective
invers	a		inverse
kruin	n	de · mv. kruinen	scalp, crest, crown
variëteit	n	de · mv. variëteiten	manifold; variety
coördinaat	n	de · mv. coördinaten	coordinate
coördinaat	a		ordered together, grouped together
thermodynamica	n	de	thermodynamics
kruiwagen	n	de · mv. kruiwagens	wheelbarrow (a small cart)
plasmide	n	het · mv. plasmiden	plasmid
filou	n	de · mv. filou's	scoundrel, cheat
astrofotografie	n	de	astrophotography
deeltjesfysica	n	de	the natural science branch particle physics, which studies the basic…
toebehoren	v	behoorde toe – toebehoord	to belong [with aan ‘to’], to be the property
toebehoren	n		the things that ought to accompany something, often accessories
boegspriet	n	de · mv. boegsprieten	bowsprit (ship)
onsamenhangend	a		disconnected; garbled, nonsensical
afkondigen	v	kondigde af – afgekondigd	to declare, proclaim
afkondig	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkondigen
afkondigt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkondigen
afkondige	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afkondigen
Filipijns	a		Filipino, Philippine
nachtclub	n	de · mv. nachtclubs	nightclub
portaal	n	het · mv. portalen	portal
pakhuis	n	het · mv. pakhuizen	warehouse
cabaretier	n	de · mv. cabaretiers	cabaret performer
gelag	n	het · mv. gelagen	a party, typically with revelry and excess
tennisspeler	n	de · mv. tennisspelers	tennis player
magneetveld	n	het · mv. magneetvelden	magnetic field
sacraal	a		holy, sacred; consecrated, cultic, ritual, ritualistic; sacral, pertaining to the sacrum
behoedzaam	a		careful, cautious
verrukking	n	de · mv. verrukkingen	ecstasy, elation
opperste	a		highest; uttermost, paramount
groef	n	de · mv. groeven	wrinkle; a groove carved into an object or a joint between two pieces of wood (such…
autocratie	n	de · mv. autocratieën	autocracy
groeve	n	de · mv. groeven	open grave; quarry, pit
steengroeve	n	de · mv. steengroeven	stone quarry
groeven	v	groefde – gegroefd	to create a groove on an object
slok	n	de · mv. slokken	draught, sip, gulp
slokken	v	slokte – geslokt	to swallow gluttonously
geograaf	n	de · mv. geografen	a geographer, student of or specialist in geography
gulzig	a		eating excessively quickly and/or too much, very keen to eat, gluttonous; inclined to take too much, being overly keen to get more, greedy, avaricious
toost	n	de · mv. toosten	drink toast (congratulation or salutation while raising a glass containing a…; an event held in honour of some person or some occasion where alcoholic…
toosten	v	toostte – getoost	to give a toast
toostje	n	het · mv. toostjes	Melba toast
gruwelijkheid	n	de · mv. gruwelijkheden	atrocity
machteloos	a		powerless
frustreren	v	frustreerde – gefrustreerd	to frustrate
meevallen	v	viel mee – meegevallen	to be better than expected, to be not so bad
jolig	a		jolly, merry
welwillendheid	n	de · mv. welwillendheden	benevolence, kindness, goodwill
vakkundig	a		skillful, competent
terugvallen	v	viel terug – teruggevallen	to lapse, decline
terugval	n	de · mv. terugvallen	relapse (occasion when a person becomes ill again after a period of improvement); downturn, decline, downfall
terugval	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugvallen
recessie	n	de · mv. recessies	economic recession
atmosferisch	a		atmospheric
gradenboog	n	de · mv. gradenbogen	protractor (measuring tool)
gebbetje	n	het · mv. gebbetjes	joke, humorous remark
betrappen	v	betrapte – betrapt	to take by surprise, to catch unaware, someone who is doing something they…
pezen	v	peesde – gepeesd	to run or walk quickly; to work with considerable effort; to have sexual intercourse
verbazen	v	verbaasde – verbaasd	to amaze, befuddle; to be astounded
minkukel	n	de · mv. minkukels	an unintelligent simpleton, blockhead, dolt
porren	v	porde – gepord	to prod, prick, poke
non-stop	a		nonstop
topografisch	a		topographic
koolrabi	n	de · mv. koolrabi's	kohlrabi
kerstbal	n	de · mv. kerstballen	a bauble (spherical decoration) used as Christmas decoration, especially in…; a Christmas-themed ball (celebration)
kwijt	a		Translated into English with have lost or be rid of; gone, lost, missing
broodwinning	n	de · mv. broodwinningen	livelihood
broodwinner	n	de · mv. broodwinners	financial provider for the entire family, the person who brings home the…
behendig	a		nimble, agile; graceful; skillful
schamper	a		disdainful, contemptuous
deftig	a		proper, decent; stylish, distinguished, genteel (showing high social class); pompous
inwendige	n	het	inside
smeekbede	n	de · mv. smeekbeden	entreaty, supplication
zaklantaarn	n	de · mv. zaklantaarns	flashlight, torch
walm	n	de · mv. walmen	waft; sooty smoke
walmen	v	walmde – gewalmd	to give off smoke, to fume
stijl	n	de · mv. stijlen	style, fashion; style of a pistil; a bar on a metal fence
smaakvol	a		tasteful
meubileren	v	meubileerde – gemeubileerd	to furnish
schuimkraag	n	de · mv. schuimkragen	the head or foamy layer formed by bubbles rising from beer and other…
impuls	n	de · mv. impulsen	impulse; momentum (product of mass and velocity); nerve impulse
achthoekig	a		octagonal, having eight corners; shaped like an octagon
overledene	n	de · mv. overledenen	a deceased person
schout	n	de · mv. schouten	sheriff, bailiff
emigreren	v	emigreerde – geëmigreerd	to emigrate
greeploos	a		handleless
emmeren	v	emmerde – geëmmerd	to whine, to complain
ambtseed	n	de · mv. ambtseden	oath of office
desnoods	d		if need be
benadelen	v	benadeelde – benadeeld	to disadvantage, to wrong
frituurpan	n	de · mv. frituurpannen	deep fryer, chip pan
jubelen	v	jubelde – gejubeld	to jubilate, rejoice
afzeggen	v	zei af – afgezegd	to cancel (an arrangement, appointment etc.)
zakelijk	a		to the point, succinct; objective, impersonal; businesslike
hydraat	n	het · mv. hydraten	hydrate (solid compound containing or linked to water molecules)
patholoog	n	de · mv. pathologen	pathologist
dubbelster	n	de · mv. dubbelsterren	binary star
voorbeeldig	a		which is/can be set as an example worth following; excellent, to the highest standard; textbook -, perfectly executed etc
stiefouder	n	de · mv. stiefouders	a stepparent
vaat	n	de	dishes, washing-up
foutief	a		wrong, erroneous, incorrect
onjuist	a		incorrect
polsslagader	n	de · mv. polsslagaders	radial artery
spaakbeenslagader	n	de · mv. spaakbeenslagaders	radial artery
dizuurstof	n	de/het	dioxygen (O₂)
secretaire	n	de · mv. secretaires	a writing desk or more precisely a secretary desk
tuiten	v	tuitte – getuit	to puff up; to pout (one's lips)
gillen	v	gilde – gegild	to yell, scream
kwiek	a		lively, quick
verbreken	v	verbrak – verbroken	to break, break up physically; to break, undo figuratively, e.g. a spell; to violate (the terms of a contract)
Buchten	m		a village in Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
West-Australië	m		Western Australia (a state of Australia, occupying the western third of the…
sproet	n	de · mv. sproeten	a freckle
stompkaars	n	de · mv. stompkaarsen	block candle
rododendron	n	de · mv. rododendrons	rhododendron (plant of the genus Rhododendron)
afleren	v	leerde af – afgeleerd	to unlearn; to correct (often a bad habit)
grasmodderpaard	n	het · mv. grasmodderpaarden	grass mud horse (Mythical Baidu deity used for circumventing censorship)
hematoom	n	het · mv. hematomen	hematoma
bloeduitstorting	n	de · mv. bloeduitstortingen	haematoma
paalsteek	n	de · mv. paalsteken	bowline
löss	n	de	loess
geprononceerd	a		pronounced, clear; striking
prononceren	v	prononceerde – geprononceerd	to pronounce
peuteren	v	peuterde – gepeuterd	to fiddle with or pick at something
friemelen	v	friemelde – gefriemeld	to fidget, to fiddle
frunniken	v	frunnikte – gefrunnikt	to fidget, fiddle
plausibel	a		plausible
vaststel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vaststellen
vaststelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vaststellen
vaststelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vaststellen
geneigd	a		inclined (having a tendency or preference)
participium	n	het · mv. participia	a participle
bezweet	a		sweaty (covered in sweat)
massavernietigingswapen	n	het · mv. massavernietigingswapens	weapon of mass destruction
Vietnamees	a		Vietnamese
Vietnamees	n	de · mv. Vietnamezen	Vietnamese person
Vietnamees	m		Vietnamese (language)
Aroemeens	a		Aromanian
Aroemeens	m		Aromanian (Eastern Romance language)
Kantonees	m		Cantonese (language)
Surinaams	a		Surinamese
Surinaams	m		Sranan Tongo (language)
Vandaals	m		Vandalic (language)
Vandaals	a		Vandalic, Vandal
Luxemburgs	a		Luxembourgish
Luxemburgs	m		Luxembourgish (language)
Schots	a		Scottish
Schots	m		Scots (British language)
Aramees	m		Aramaic (North-West Semitic language)
Aramees	a		Aramaic, Aramaean
Aranees	a		Aranese
Aranees	m		Aranese (Gascon dialect spoken in Spain)
Ingrisch	a		Ingrian
Ingrisch	m		Ingrian (language)
Fenicisch	a		Phoenician
Fenicisch	m		Phoenician (language)
Dacisch	m		Dacian (extinct Indo-European language)
Dacisch	a		Dacian (of, from or related to Dacia)
Frygisch	a		Phrygian
Frygisch	m		Phrygian (extinct Indo-European language spoken in Anatolia)
Hawaïaans	a		Hawaiian
Hawaïaans	m		Hawaiian (language)
Ma'anjan	m		Ma'anyan (language)
Oudgrieks	m		Ancient Greek (language)
Oudgrieks	a		Ancient Greek
Oudnederlands	m		Old Dutch
Oudnederlands	a		Old Dutch
West-Vlaams	m		West Flemish (language)
teleurgesteld	a		disappointed
vlok	n	de · mv. vlokken	flake
kanttekening	n	de · mv. kanttekeningen	side note, marginal comment, gloss; side note, aside
genereus	a		noble, magnanimous, tolerant; generous, unselfish, magnanimous
bekering	n	de · mv. bekeringen	religious conversion
interrumperen	v	interrumpeerde – geïnterrumpeerd	to interrupt
vermorsen	v	vermorste – vermorst	to trifle, waste
bazelen	v	bazelde – gebazeld	to babble, twaddle
onbewogen	a		untroubled, unmoved
onbewogen	d		untroubledly
biochemicus	n	de · mv. biochemici	biochemist (a chemist whose speciality is biochemistry)
diploïd	a		diploid (of a cell, having a pair of each type of chromosome)
signaleren	v	signaleerde – gesignaleerd	to signal, flag; to put (someone) down as a suspect
uitbarsting	n	de · mv. uitbarstingen	eruption, outburst
uitbarsten	v	barstte uit – uitgebarst	to burst out, erupt (such as a volcano or anger)
verdoezelen	v	verdoezelde – verdoezeld	to obscure (a fact), to cover up, to cloud
verantwoorden	v	verantwoordde – verantwoord	to justify, be responsible for
strafmaat	n	de · mv. strafmaten	sentence (of a crime)
verminking	n	de · mv. verminkingen	mutilation
rellen	v	relde – gereld	to riot
elektra	n	de/het	electronics; electricity
smeltpunt	n	het · mv. smeltpunten	melting point
Eckart	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
karmisch	a		karmic
agitatie	n	de · mv. agitaties	agitation
kraaiennest	n	het · mv. kraaiennesten	crow's nest (a small open-top shelter atop the foremast for a lookout)
zijner	t		genitive feminine/plural of zijn; of his
ongeremd	a		wild, unrestrained
weloverwogen	a		measured, deliberate (such as a plan or a murder)
begiftigen	v	begiftigde – begiftigd	to grant, gift
boender	n	de · mv. boenders	a brush, a scrub
uitlachen	v	lachte uit – uitgelachen	to ridicule, poke fun at; to finish laughing
woordvoerster	n	de · mv. woordvoersters	spokeswoman, (female) spokesperson
bonus-malus	n	de	merit-rating used to compute no-claim discounts for car insurance
bibberen	v	bibberde – gebibberd	to shiver, to tremble
vermist	a		missing, lost
GL	m		GreenLeft, a left-wing green political party in the Netherlands
visarend	n	de · mv. visarenden	osprey (Pandion haliaetus)
ijshockey	n	het	ice hockey
uitsmijter	n	de · mv. uitsmijters	bouncer; dish consisting of fried eggs, which have been fried together with ham and…; finale, end, conclusion (of a work or performance)
uitlating	n	de · mv. uitlatingen	utterance, that which is said
rechtspleging	n	de · mv. rechtsplegingen	judicial procedure
futiliteit	n	de · mv. futiliteiten	triviality, unimportance, futility
afjagen	v	joeg af – afgejaagd	to drive away, to kick out
Ursel	m		a surname
ouwe	n	de · mv. ouwen	man, mate; father, old man
zeilster	n	de · mv. zeilsters	yachtswoman
begaanbaar	a		negotiable, traversable
jasmijn	n	de · mv. jasmijnen	jasmine (plant of genus Jasminum)
Jasmijn	m		a female given name
drugsbaron	n	de · mv. drugsbaronnen	drug baron
hersenbalk	n	de · mv. hersenbalken	corpus callosum
fotografisch	a		photographic
alpineskiën	v	alpineskiede – gealpineskied	to do alpine skiing
alpineskiën	n	het	alpine skiing
prairial	n		Prairial
afdaling	n	de · mv. afdalingen	descent; downhill (alpine skiing discipline)
afdalen	v	daalde af – afgedaald	to descend
overvleugelen	v	overvleugelde – overvleugeld	to outstrip, to overshadow, to eclipse
prepareren	v	prepareerde – geprepareerd	to prepare
lawine	n	de · mv. lawines	avalanche, landslide
geknoei	n	het	sloppy work; fraud
afzichtelijk	a		hideous, repulsive
afzichtelijk	d		heinously, repulsively
dompelen	v	dompelde – gedompeld	to immerse in a liquid
slungel	n	de · mv. slungels	a tall thin and somewhat clumsy person
slungelachtig	a		clumsy
onuitstaanbaar	a		unbearable, intolerable
ontroeren	v	ontroerde – ontroerd	to move, to cause to become emotional
steigeren	v	steigerde – gesteigerd	to prance, to rear
donderbus	n	de · mv. donderbussen	blunderbuss
zuurkool	n	de · mv. zuurkolen	sauerkraut
briesen	v	brieste – gebriest	to snort (such as a horse or a pig)
zeur	n	de · mv. zeuren	a (female) sour or whiny person
uitroeien	v	roeide uit – uitgeroeid	to root out, to exterminate
treurnis	n	de · mv. treurnissen	sadness, chagrin; plight, sad circumstance
verslagenheid	n	de · mv. verslagenheden	dejection, despondence
Samoaans	m		Samoan (language)
Samoaans	a		Samoan, in, from or relating to Samoa
versie	n	de · mv. versies	version
tippelen	v	tippelde – getippeld	to walk (often briskly); to solicit out on the street
verkleuren	v	verkleurde – verkleurd	to change e.g. through tarnishing or bleaching
verkleuring	n	de · mv. verkleuringen	change in colour; a spot whose colour differs from its surroundings: discoloration, discolouration
kerstlied	n	het · mv. kerstliederen	a Christmas song, such as a Christmas carol, Christmas hymn or pop song
kersttijd	n	de	Christmastide
pornografisch	a		pornographic; lewd, obscene
Sinterklaas	m		Sinterklaas (Saint Nicholas in a folkloric incarnation, who (in the Low…; the holiday dedicated to Saint Nicholas
raderstoomboot	n	de · mv. raderstoomboten	paddle steamboat, paddle steamer
lettergreep	n	de · mv. lettergrepen	syllable
faam	n	de	reputation, fame
reputatie	n	de · mv. reputaties	reputation
huiveren	v	huiverde – gehuiverd	to shiver, to tremble
bespieden	v	bespiedde – bespied	to spy on, to watch secretively
bespioneren	v	bespioneerde – bespioneerd	to spy on, to scope out
spioneren	v	spioneerde – gespioneerd	to spy, to perform espionage
kerstdag	n	de · mv. kerstdagen	Christmas Day
gerw	n	de · mv. gerwen	synonym of duizendblad (“common yarrow, Achillea millefolium”)
nippen	v	nipte – genipt	to sip, take a nip
homofiel	n	de · mv. homofielen	homophile, homosexual
homofiel	a		homophile, homosexual
Sint-Nicolaas	m		Saint Nicholas of Myra, patron saint of Amsterdam and of children; Sinterklaas
gangpad	n	het · mv. gangpaden	aisle (clear path through rows of seating)
verhoor	n	het · mv. verhoren	interrogation
Argentijns	a		Argentinian
Argentijnse	n	de · mv. Argentijnsen	Argentinian woman
sneeuwval	n	de · mv. sneeuwvallen	snowfall
Tanzaniaans	a		Tanzanian
dwaalspoor	n	het · mv. dwaalsporen	wrong track (often used in the following phrase)
bacil	n	de · mv. bacillen	bacillus, bacterium of the genus Bacillus
spionnetje	n	het · mv. spionnetjes	gossip mirror
communiceren	v	communiceerde – gecommuniceerd	to communicate
heterofiel	a		heterosexual
heterofiel	n	de · mv. heterofielen	a heterosexual
heteroseksueel	a		heterosexual
heteroseksueel	n	de · mv. heteroseksuelen	a heterosexual
Dronten	m		Dronten (a village and municipality of Flevoland, Netherlands)
overmeesteren	v	overmeesterde – overmeesterd	to overpower, to overmaster
knallen	v	knalde – geknald	to bang, pop; to fire, shoot; to do something intensely, fire up
onbeweeglijk	a		stationary, immobile, motionless; unshakeable, unwavering, steadfast
idealiteit	n	de · mv. idealiteiten	ideality (quality or state of being ideal)
Nigeriaans	a		Nigerian
Nigeriaan	m		Nigerian (person from Nigeria)
Nigeriaanse	n	de · mv. Nigeriaansen	a female person from Nigeria; feminine form of Nigeriaan
stiefmoeder	n	de · mv. stiefmoeders	stepmother
stiefzoon	n	de · mv. stiefzoons	stepson
stiefdochter	n	de · mv. stiefdochters	stepdaughter
nahouden	v	hield na – nagehouden	to have, to possess
scholier	n	de · mv. scholieren	pupil, student
werktuigkunde	n	de	mechanical engineering
kittelaar	n	de · mv. kittelaars	clitoris
burotica	n	de	office automation, bureautic
stiefzus	n	de · mv. stiefzussen	stepsister
knuppel	n	de · mv. knuppels	a blunt instrument used to bludgeon someone with, such as a club or a cudgel; a clown, a lout, an awkward individual
grootzwaard	n	het · mv. grootzwaarden	any two-handed European sword including greatsword and longsword
woordsoort	n	de · mv. woordsoorten	part of speech
onverslaanbaar	a		unbeatable, invincible
oliebol	n	de · mv. oliebollen	oliebol (traditional Dutch and Belgian deep-fried pastry normally consumed…; dumbass, stupid person
onsmakelijk	a		distasteful, unsavoury
verteerbaar	a		digestible
onverteerbaar	a		indigestible, stodgy
bokaal	n	de · mv. bokalen	a glass jar for pickled vegetables etc; a goblet; a cup (trophy)
koopkracht	n	de	purchasing power
stemband	n	de · mv. stembanden	vocal cord
verzuring	n	de · mv. verzuringen	acidification (soil, muscles (lactic acid))
gipsverband	n	het · mv. gipsverbanden	(orthopedic) cast, plaster cast
kerstenen	v	kerstende – gekerstend	to Christianize; to convert to Christianity
desinformatie	n	de	disinformation (dissemination of intentionally false information)
oliën	v	oliede – geolied	to oil, lubricate
rapporteren	v	rapporteerde – gerapporteerd	to report
verlagen	v	verlaagde – verlaagd	to lower; to debase oneself, to lower one's standards
overstappen	v	stapte over – overgestapt	to transfer (to a different bus or train); to change (subject, brand name, opinion, etc.)
miskraam	n	de · mv. miskramen	miscarriage, spontaneous abortion; miscarriage (miscarried fruit)
Messias	m		Messiah, Jesus Christ
terugblik	n	de · mv. terugblikken	retrospect, flashback
biechten	v	biechtte – gebiecht	to confess
belijdenis	n	de · mv. belijdenissen	confession (profession of faith); confession (admission of sins to someone)
pril	a		early; young, premature; premature
Ruinen	m		a village and former municipality of De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
struikgewas	n	het · mv. struikgewassen	bush, thicket
teletekst	n	de	Teletext
taks	n	de · mv. taksen	fee, amount, share
oudejaarsavond	n	de · mv. oudejaarsavonden	New Year's Eve
Nieuwjaar	m		New Year (celebration at 1 January)
inlander	n	de · mv. inlanders	a native, a member of the native population, particularly in the context of…
vlaszaad	n	het · mv. vlaszaden	linseed
lijnolie	n	de · mv. lijnoliën	linseed oil
olijfolie	n	de · mv. olijfoliën	olive oil
spijs	n	de · mv. spijzen	foodstuff in general; almond paste; (by extension) almond paste surrogate
spijsolie	n	de · mv. spijsoliën	vegetable oil
dieselolie	n	de · mv. dieseloliën	diesel
gasolie	n	de · mv. gasoliën	diesel
huisbrandolie	n	de	heating oil (used primarily for domestic purposes)
smeerolie	n	de · mv. smeeroliën	motor oil
motorolie	n	de · mv. motoroliën	motor oil
kuif	n	de · mv. kuiven	a crest of plumage or hair (on an animal); any hairstyle that resembles a crest (including a quiff)
toog	n	de · mv. togen	bar counter
scheur	n	de · mv. scheuren	crack, fissure
kinderarts	n	de · mv. kinderartsen	paediatrician
vertrossing	n	de	a process in which public broadcasting organisations increasingly focus on…
BV	n	de · mv. BV's	a Flemish celebrity
Hollands	a		Hollandic (of or from Holland)
Hollands	m		Hollandic (dialect)
Schoten	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
betrouwbaarheidsinterval	n	het · mv. betrouwbaarheidsintervallen	confidence interval
vinder	n	de · mv. vinders	finder, someone who finds something
griesmeel	n	het · mv. griesmelen	semolina (hard grains of flour left after milling)
gentherapie	n	de · mv. gentherapieën	gene therapy
gneis	n	de/het · mv. gneisen	gneiss
kinderlijk	a		childlike
kinderlijk	n	het · mv. kinderlijken	dead body of a child
dagverblijf	n	het · mv. dagverblijven	a place where children or people who have disability are cared for; daycare,…
kinderkamer	n	de · mv. kinderkamers	nursery, baby room
brommer	n	de · mv. brommers	moped (low-powered motorcycle); one who hums, buzzes, drones
flets	a		pale, lurid, wan
buikvliesontsteking	n	de · mv. buikvliesontstekingen	peritonitis
krabbelen	v	krabbelde – gekrabbeld	to scrawl, scribble; to scratch continuously
dartelen	v	dartelde – gedarteld	to frolic, cavort
aaneen	d		together; continuously, without interruption
lekstok	n	de · mv. lekstokken	lolly
kolonist	n	de · mv. kolonisten	a colonist, a settler (one who founds, inhabits or belongs to a colony)
stofzuigen	v	stofzuigde – gestofzuigd	to vacuum-clean, clean with a vacuum cleaner
geaardheid	n	de · mv. geaardheden	nature, disposition; orientation
verloederen	v	verloederde – verloederd	to become decadent, to decay (morally), to degenerate; to deteriorate, to worsen (e.g. conditions)
wellevend	a		well-mannered, courteous
wellevend	d		courteously
wellevendheid	n	de · mv. wellevendheden	courtesy; etiquette
overvol	a		overfull; stuffed (having eaten too much); overcrowded, congested
schutter	n	de · mv. schutters	marksman, shooter
neerslachtig	a		dejected, downcast, despondent
moedeloosheid	n	de · mv. moedeloosheden	spiritlessness, despondence
veerpont	n	de · mv. veerponten	ferryboat
verbreden	v	verbreedde – verbreed	to broaden, widen
toedenken	v	dacht toe – toegedacht	to be destined for
profeet	n	de · mv. profeten	prophet, a messenger chosen by God; soothsayer, one who predicts the future
waarzegger	n	de · mv. waarzeggers	soothsayer, fortuneteller
waarzeggerij	n	de · mv. waarzeggerijen	fortunetelling
wijlen	a		late, deceased
mengeling	n	de · mv. mengelingen	mixture
verglijden	v	vergleed – vergleden	to slip away slowly, trickle away
bedriegerij	n	de · mv. bedriegerijen	trickery, deceit
gewaarwording	n	de · mv. gewaarwordingen	sensation, experience, awareness, perception
opbiechten	v	biechtte op – opgebiecht	to confess, own up
knäckebröd	n	het	crispbread, knäckebröd
Marken	m		a village, former island, and former municipality of Waterland, North…; Marche (an administrative region in central Italy)
synergie	n	de · mv. synergieën	synergy
bezieling	n	de	inspiration, vitality
bannen	v	bande – gebannen	to expel, drive off; to ban (an IP address)
vertrouweling	n	de · mv. vertrouwelingen	confidant
betrouwen	v	betrouwde – betrouwd	to trust, to rely on
aandienen	v	diende aan – aangediend	to announce, present (an arrival); to appear, to show up, to present oneself [with als ‘as’], to arrive
huurmoordenaar	n	de · mv. huurmoordenaars	contract killer, (hired) assassin
chanteren	v	chanteerde – gechanteerd	to extort money, to blackmail
belasteren	v	belasterde – belasterd	to defame, discredit
huldigen	v	huldigde – gehuldigd	to pay homage, honour
fosforesceren	v	fosforesceerde – gefosforesceerd	to phosphoresce
fosforescentie	n	de	phosphorescence
schor	a		hoarse, husky
schor	n	de · mv. schorren	a plain or marsh formed by silt deposits unprotected by any dykes
heesheid	n	de · mv. heesheden	hoarseness
hoopvol	a		hopeful
hoopvol	d		hopefully, in a hopeful manner
wurmen	v	wurmde – gewurmd	to worm, move by dragging one's body around; to squeeze, to wriggle
steiger	n	de · mv. steigers	a jetty; a small, often wooden landing for boats or small ships; scaffolding
bedompt	a		stuffy, poorly ventilated; sombre, gloomy (of moods)
dril	n	de · mv. drillen	a drill (Mandrillus leucophaeus); drill (dense, stout fabric, often of linen or cotton)
sluipweg	n	de · mv. sluipwegen	a (hidden) shortcut or bypass; a faster alternate route
wegsluipen	v	sloop weg – weggeslopen	to sneak off, slip away
imperativus	n	de · mv. imperativi	the imperative mood or a word therein
Arisch	a		Aryan; Indo-Aryan or Indo-Iranian; Aryan (pertaining to a supposed white subrace believed in by scientific racists)
jakken	v	jakte – gejakt	to rush; to move quickly
halsgevel	n	de · mv. halsgevels	neck-gable
festoen	n	het · mv. festoenen	festoon (garland hanging between two points, containing motifs of flowers…
kunstig	a		artistic
kenner	n	de · mv. kenners	connoisseur, expert
piepen	v	piepte – gepiept	to squeak, squeal; to creak; to wheeze (such as someone with asthma)
stijfheid	n	de · mv. stijfheden	stiffness
marmeren	a		made of marble, marble-coloured
marmeren	v	marmerde – gemarmerd	to dye or paint in marble colour
wulps	a		wanton, lascivious; voluptuous, curvaceous
taxus	n	de · mv. taxussen	any plant of genus Taxus; yew (Taxus baccata)
lambrisering	n	de · mv. lambriseringen	wainscot
lambriseren	v	lambriseerde – gelambriseerd	to wainscot, panel
wenteltrap	n	de · mv. wenteltrappen	spiral staircase; wentletrap (mollusc of the family Epitoniidae)
wurgstokje	n	het · mv. wurgstokjes	nunchaku
wurgen	v	wurgde – gewurgd	to strangle, to strangulate
nuchterheid	n	de · mv. nuchterheden	soberness; level-headedness, prosaicness
spatten	v	spatte – gespat	to splatter, splash; the failure of the formwork of a concrete structure due to the lateral…; rail bending due to expansion
zooi	n	de · mv. zooien	mess, chaos; things, a huge quantity of stuff
zooien	v	zooide – gezooid	to mess around
kopij	n	de · mv. kopijen	a text ready to be typeset; copy; a manuscript
deugdelijk	a		sound, solid
vluchtweg	n	de · mv. vluchtwegen	emergency exit, fire exit; way out
doseren	v	doseerde – gedoseerd	to determine the dose; to divide into proportions
beroepen	v	beriep – beroepen	to appeal (to defend one's position according to a law or rule); to request ordination (admission into the ministry of a church); to appeal (a verdict)
geijkt	a		standard, serving as a model; common, normal
ijken	v	ijkte – geijkt	to gauge (weights or sizes to ensure they meet the standards); to calibrate
verfomfaaid	a		wrinkly
garibaldihoed	n	de · mv. garibaldihoeden	derby, bowler hat
laxeermiddel	n	het · mv. laxeermiddelen	laxative
jichtig	a		gouty
aanstaren	v	staarde aan – aangestaard	to stare at, to stare in the eyes/face, to gawk
intreden	v	trad in – ingetreden	to enter, go in; to set in, begin
netheid	n	de	tidiness
wijzerplaat	n	de · mv. wijzerplaten	clock face
glanzen	v	glansde – geglansd	to (cause to) glimmer
overbelasten	v	overbelastte – overbelast	to overburden, to weigh down; to overtax
geroutineerd	a		experienced
wollig	a		vague, evasive; woolly, covered with wool
werkloosheid	n	de · mv. werkloosheden	shortage of work; unemployment
mof	n	de · mv. moffen	muff (clothing); piece to protect pipes where they are poorly connected; German, Kraut
nakkie	n	het · mv. nakkies	an insufflated dose of a powdered drug, especially cocaine; a bump
immigreren	v	immigreerde – geïmmigreerd	to immigrate
dweperig	a		fanatical
puber	n	de · mv. pubers	a pubescent child
puberen	v	puberde – gepuberd	to come into puberty
strooien	v	strooide – gestrooid	to strew, scatter; to sprinkle
strooien	a		strawen, made of straw
knaapje	n	het · mv. knaapjes	a coat hanger
voltallig	a		complete, in full numbers, entire (with all members of a class); fully attended, plenary
botel	n	het · mv. botels	botel (floating hotel)
halfbloed	n	de · mv. halfbloeden	a half-blooded person, someone with mixed parentage
kwellen	v	kwelde – gekweld	to torment, trouble; to hurt, pester; to well up
houdbaar	a		preservable; tenable
verfomfaaien	v	verfomfaaide – verfomfaaid	to wrinkle, crumple; to dishevel, throw into chaos
morgenster	n	de · mv. morgensterren	morningstar; morning star; the planet Venus as seen in the eastern sky in the morning
puffen	v	pufte – gepuft	to puff, blow out (hot air, such as the chugging of a steam engine)
vergrendelen	v	vergrendelde – vergrendeld	to bolt shut, bar (a door for example)
vacature	n	de · mv. vacatures	vacancy, job opening
stichtelijk	a		pious, edifying (in a religious sense), devotional
correspondentie	n	de · mv. correspondenties	correspondence, exchange of letters
vergaren	v	vergaarde – vergaard	to gather, collect
poel	n	de · mv. poelen	a standing body of water; pool, puddle
tooien	v	tooide – getooid	to adorn, decorate
tooi	n	de · mv. tooien	adornment
flegmone	n	de · mv. flegmonen	phlegmon
fietser	n	de · mv. fietsers	cyclist
rijwiel	n	het · mv. rijwielen	bicycle
motorrijwiel	n	het · mv. motorrijwielen	motorbike
prediken	v	predikte – gepredikt	to preach
verdraagzaamheid	n	de · mv. verdraagzaamheden	tolerance
onverdraagzaam	a		intolerant
onverdraagzaamheid	n	de · mv. onverdraagzaamheden	intolerance
gevoelen	v	gevoelde – gevoeld	to feel
gevoelen	n	het · mv. gevoelens	feeling; belief, faith
lispelen	v	lispelde – gelispeld	to lisp; to talk softly
toebijten	v	beet toe – toegebeten	to speak harshly at, snap at
zwabberen	v	zwabberde – gezwabberd	to clean with a mop; to sway, swing; to be inconsistent, vacillate (of decisions, policy)
viespeuk	n	de · mv. viespeuken	a dirtbag, an unclean person; a dirtbag, a pervert, a sleazy person
deemster	n	de	twilight
Rosengarten	m		a hamlet in Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
uitstaan	v	stond uit – uitgestaan	to endure, tolerate, stand; to be outstanding, to be owing; to be switched off (of an electrical device)
uitstaand	a		outstanding, owing
ijzervreter	n	de · mv. ijzervreters	a stout-hearted warrior, a miles gloriosus; a tough, ruthless or relentless combative person, such as a hawk or a hard-ass
keihard	a		hard as a rock, extremely powerful; very loud (sound)
doorzetter	n	de · mv. doorzetters	a go-getter, one who persists or perseveres
onverschrokken	a		unwavering, stout-hearted
griezelig	a		creepy, frightening, grisly
stipt	a		precise, exact; punctual
strafblad	n	het · mv. strafbladen	a criminal record
belediging	n	de · mv. beledigingen	insult, affront, verbal abuse
smaad	n	de · mv. smaden	vilification, slandering
smaden	v	smaadde – gesmaad	to vilify, defame
fysiologie	n	de · mv. fysiologieën	physiology
fysioloog	n	de · mv. fysiologen	physiologist
hokken	v	hokte – gehokt	to live together unmarried, shack up
visotter	n	de · mv. visotters	European otter (Lutra lutra)
fijngevoelig	a		tactful
tactvol	a		tactful
hofdame	n	de · mv. hofdames	lady-in-waiting
gewaad	n	het · mv. gewaden	vestment, clothing
gonzen	v	gonsde – gegonsd	to buzz (e.g. like bees), murmur
suizen	v	suisde – gesuisd	to whiz; to speed, move quickly
stortbad	n	het · mv. stortbaden	shower (for bathing); a flush of water; disillusion
bonje	n	de	bickering, quarrel
domheid	n	de · mv. domheden	stupidity, dumbness
kwaadheid	n	de · mv. kwaadheden	anger, fury
bijval	n	de	approval, endorsement; accolade, applause
bijval	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijvallen
bemoeien	v	bemoeide – bemoeid	to interfere, to meddle; to mind, deal with; to trouble or concern oneself
leerzaam	a		informative, instructional, instructive
tussendeur	n	de · mv. tussendeuren	a dividing door between two rooms, a connecting door
vlijtig	a		diligent, assiduous
verwringen	v	verwrong – verwrongen	to wry, contort (especially one's face)
verwrongen	a		twisted; wry
wegebben	v	ebde weg – weggeëbd	to fade away slowly, ebb away
inlichting	n	de · mv. inlichtingen	intelligence, source of information
opgewonden	a		excited; agitated
travestie	n	de · mv. travesties	crossdressing; travesty
meerman	n	de · mv. meermannen	merman
meermin	n	de · mv. meerminnen	mermaid
sclerose	n	de · mv. sclerosen	sclerosis
maskesvlees	n	het · mv. maskesvlezen	a kind of chewy marshmallow often covered in a layer of white frosting
eerlijkheidshalve	d		for the sake of honesty; to be honest, in fairness
elkander	r		each other
gezellin	n	de · mv. gezellinnen	female companion; wife; girlfriend, female partner in a relationship
schemering	n	de	dusk, twilight
ongeduldig	a		impatient
zachtzinnig	a		gentle, softhearted
onwillekeurig	a		involuntary, indeliberate, reflexive
zwakheid	n	de · mv. zwakheden	weakness, frailty
waan	n	de · mv. wanen	delusion
wanen	v	waande – gewaand	to misbelieve (believe falsely or incorrectly) oneself to be something, to…
textiel	a		made of, or relating to, textile
textiel	n	de/het	textile
ergernis	n	de · mv. ergernissen	irritation, annoyance
afgezant	n	de · mv. afgezanten	envoy, emissary, delegate: a representative appointed by the state
afzenden	v	zond af – afgezonden	to ship, dispatch, send off
afzender	n	de · mv. afzenders	sender, consigner, dispatcher (e.g., of a letter)
conversatie	n	de · mv. conversaties	conversation
converseren	v	converseerde – geconverseerd	to converse, talk casually
flapuit	n	de · mv. flapuiten	a loquacious person, one who talks without thinking it through first
uitflappen	v	flapte uit – uitgeflapt	to blurt out without thinking
zelfkennis	n	de	self-knowledge
conventioneel	a		conventional, usual; routine, habitual; conventional, not atomic, not nuclear
conventie	n	de · mv. conventies	agreement, accord; assembly, meeting, convention; convention, accepted standard
dansvloer	n	de · mv. dansvloeren	dancefloor
afdwingen	v	dwong af – afgedwongen	to coerce, obtain by force; to enforce
dwingerig	a		whiny, complaining (said of a child who can't obtain what he/she wishes to have)
aangelegenheid	n	de · mv. aangelegenheden	matter, affair
aangelegen	a		bordering, adjacent, coterminous
overkomen	v	kwam over – overgekomen	to come across, seem; to come by, visit; to happen, befall
bieslook	n	de · mv. biesloken	chive (Allium schoenoprasum)
boosaardig	a		malevolent, malicious, evil
boosaardigheid	n	de · mv. boosaardigheden	malevolence, maliciousness, evil
borstwering	n	de · mv. borstweringen	breastwork, fortification; parapet, balustrade (especially of a bridge)
Belfort	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
wering	n	de · mv. weringen	the act of keeping out something; exclusion; a barrier
minzaamheid	n	de · mv. minzaamheden	condescending affability, gentleness, niceness
chirurgijn	n	de · mv. chirurgijns	a barber surgeon
boomhut	n	de · mv. boomhutten	a treehouse
leiderschap	n	het · mv. leiderschappen	leadership
beslag	n	het · mv. beslagen	arrest, detention; cover (e.g. of a book); a horseshoe
koerierster	n	de · mv. koeriersters	female courier
gedwee	a		submissive, humble, docile, meek
fonkelen	v	fonkelde – gefonkeld	to twinkle, sparkle
bruusk	a		brusque, unfriendly; abrupt, sudden
demonstratief	a		demonstrative, expressive
katheter	n	de/het · mv. katheters	catheter
weggaan	v	ging weg – weggegaan	to go away, to leave
waterpolo	n	het	water polo
gerstenat	n	het · mv. gerstenatten	beer (in the sense of the alcoholic drink only)
ploffen	v	plofte – geploft	to thud; to make a dull sound (such as the sound made of an object falling…; to burst, to explode
hartinfarct	n	het · mv. hartinfarcten	myocardial infarction, heart attack
perikel	n	het · mv. perikelen	problem, issue; danger, risk
bedingen	v	bedong – bedongen	to claim rights to something through negotiation; to stipulate
uitschrijven	v	schreef uit – uitgeschreven	to unsubscribe, deregister (e.g. from a membership, course, ...); to completely write down (e.g. a lesson, a passage of text); to write out (a cheque)
overschrijven	v	schreef over – overgeschreven	to write again; to copy, transcribe; to transfer a sum of money
voedster	n	de · mv. voedsters	a female rabbit; a doe
mekaar	r		each other
mekander	r		each other
witten	v	witte – gewit	to whiten, bleach; to guise something illegal as legal, e.g. to launder (money)
gastarbeider	n	de · mv. gastarbeiders	guest worker
witwassen	v	waste wit – witgewassen	to wash up, clean especially with a whitening agent; to launder (money); to guise (something illegal) as legal
schoonwassen	v	waste schoon – schoongewassen	to clean with a whitening agent such as bleach; to free one from guilt, exculpate
demiurg	n	de · mv. demiurgen	any being that made the universe out of primal matter, demiurge
banenpool	n	de · mv. banenpools	a labour pool, chiefly intended to land unemployed people with jobs
arbeidspool	n	de · mv. arbeidspools	employment pool, flex pool; usually a private business
gegadigde	n	de · mv. gegadigden	applicant, candidate; prospective client
zwartverdiend	a		illegally acquired, dirty, unclean
rehabiliteren	v	rehabiliteerde – gerehabiliteerd	to free from guilt (of a previous crime), rehabilitate
bijeenroepen	v	riep bijeen – bijeengeroepen	to call together (for a meeting)
samenroepen	v	riep samen – samengeroepen	to call together (for a meeting)
vrijpleiten	v	pleitte vrij – vrijgepleit	to exonerate, free from guilt through pleading
weesgegroetje	n	het · mv. weesgegroetjes	Hail Mary
ransomware	n	de	ransomware
zakkenrollerij	n	de · mv. zakkenrollerijen	pickpocketing, the crime committed by a pickpocket
zakkenrollen	v		to pickpocket
uitdenken	v	dacht uit – uitgedacht	to conceive (a plan); to invent, think outside the box
arteriogram	n	het · mv. arteriogrammen	arteriogram
zweem	n	de · mv. zwemen	a trace amount; a tiny bit, a tinge, a whiff
zorgzaam	a		caring, considerate
verwisselen	v	verwisselde – verwisseld	to swap, replace, exchange; to confuse something/someone with something/someone else
bewusteloosheid	n	de · mv. bewusteloosheden	unconsciousness
Turkmeens	m		Turkmen (the language)
Turkmeens	a		Turkmen
Turkmeen	n	de · mv. Turkmenen	Turkmen (person)
bezuiniging	n	de · mv. bezuinigingen	the action of cutting spending; budget cut
beknibbelen	v	beknibbelde – beknibbeld	to cut down on expenses, to save up (often parsimoniously)
kleingeestig	a		narrow-minded, prejudiced
capriool	n	de · mv. capriolen	a leap, a caper; a caper, a mischievous prank
maagzweer	n	de · mv. maagzweren	stomach ulcer
foeteren	v	foeterde – gefoeterd	to grumble, complain
opschieten	v	schoot op – opgeschoten	to hasten, hurry; to make progress, make headway; to get along
pyknisch	a		short and stocky in figure, mesomorphic
groots	a		grand, grandiose
houthakker	n	de · mv. houthakkers	lumberjack, woodcutter
flauwte	n	de · mv. flauwten	feebleness, weakness; the quality of lacking strength or vigour; a sudden loss of consciousness
haastig	a		hasty, rash, impetuous
jachtig	a		hasty, hurried
schielijk	a		swift, quick; abrupt, sudden
gecontroleerd	a		controlled
ongecontroleerd	a		uncontrolled
draagstoel	n	de · mv. draagstoelen	sedan chair (portable chair used as a mode of transport); synonym of draagkoets, litter (portable bed or couch used as a mode of…
draagstoeltje	n	het · mv. draagstoeltjes	an infant capsule, a reversible baby car seat
stilstaan	v	stond stil – stilgestaan	to stand still, to not move; to stagnate; to realise, to pay attention
aanstaande	n	de · mv. aanstaanden	fiancé, fiancée
achterop	d		on the back/rear, behind
achterop	p		on the back/rear of
afdrogen	v	droogde af – afgedroogd	to dry off, particularly with a towel; to defeat overwhelmingly; to beat up
muilen	v	muilde – gemuild	to kiss
afwasmiddel	n	het · mv. afwasmiddelen	dishwashing liquid, dish detergent
autoweg	n	de · mv. autowegen	freeway, highway, motorway
bakmeel	n	het	fine flour
bankbediende	n	de · mv. bankbediendes	a bank teller, cashier
bankstel	n	het · mv. bankstellen	a lounge suite
bustehouder	n	de · mv. bustehouders	a bra
broodbeleg	n	het	bread topping (such as cheese, meat or jam)
broodbelegsel	n	het · mv. broodbelegsels	bread topping
bevallen	v	beviel – bevallen	to please, satisfy; to give birth
bewolking	n	de	cloud cover
biljet	n	het · mv. biljetten	a note; a banknote; a ticket
binnenkomen	v	kwam binnen – binnengekomen	to enter, to come inside
boffen	v	bofte – geboft	to get lucky
borrel	n	de · mv. borrels	a shot of an alcoholic drink such as rum or gin; a tot; an informal, often impromptu reception or meetup, typically involving…
bovenzijde	n	de · mv. bovenzijden	upper side, top
braaf	a		well-behaved, obedient
braaksel	n	het	vomit (that which one has vomited out)
brievenbus	n	de · mv. brievenbussen	letterbox, mailbox, post box; mail slot, letterbox
sleepwagen	n	de · mv. sleepwagens	tow truck
installatie	n	de · mv. installaties	installation; something that's installed, such as machinery
hefinstallatie	n	de · mv. hefinstallaties	a part of a machinery that's used to raise heavy objects; a hook and chain,…
hemelhoog	a		sky high, very high
hemelhoog	d		sky high
wenk	n	de · mv. wenken	a hint or a sign with certain body movements such as wink, nod or wave
wenken	v	wenkte – gewenkt	to beckon, wave; to warn by hinting with body movements
opzoeken	v	zocht op – opgezocht	to visit; to seek, look for; to look up (e.g. in a directory)
duidelijkheid	n	de · mv. duidelijkheden	clarity, clearness
ruwheid	n	de · mv. ruwheden	roughness, crudity
matheid	n	de	listlessness, lethargy, lack of energy and enthusiasm
middelvinger	n	de · mv. middelvingers	middle finger
oppositie	n	de · mv. opposities	parliamentary opposition (non-government factions in parliament); opposition, resistance
bevlekken	v	bevlekte – bevlekt	to stain, to soil
wambuis	n	het · mv. wambuizen	gambeson
verkrachting	n	de · mv. verkrachtingen	rape
aktetas	n	de · mv. aktetassen	briefcase
akte	n	de · mv. akten	act (of a theatrical play); legal instrument, deed; a certificate, a licence, a diploma or, in general, any official document…
gammahydroxybutyraat	n	het	gamma hydroxybutyrate
gammahydroxybutaanzuur	n	het	gamma-hydroxybutyric acid
dolletjes	a		super, very fun, most enjoyable, amazing
weids	a		broad, widely spread; spacious
uitvloeisel	n	het · mv. uitvloeisels	result, outcome
uitvloeien	v	vloeide uit – uitgevloeid	to spread out, emanate; to feather, creep, slowly flow out of the intended boundaries
snikheet	a		smoldering hot, sweltering
verkoelen	v	verkoelde – verkoeld	to cool down
verkoeling	n	de · mv. verkoelingen	cooling, coolness; a cool drink
persconferentie	n	de · mv. persconferenties	press conference
conferentie	n	de · mv. conferenties	conference, convention
hoorntje	n	het · mv. hoorntjes	an icecream cone
feeëriek	a		wonderful, charming, magical, fairy-talelike
bloedmooi	a		drop-dead gorgeous (especially said of women)
lichtvoetig	a		light-footed, nimble
danig	a		considerable, serious
danig	d		completely, thoroughly
slobberig	a		unkempt, grubby; baggy, roomy (said of clothes)
vergisten	v	vergistte – vergist	to ferment
vergisting	n	de · mv. vergistingen	fermentation
bladwijzer	n	de · mv. bladwijzers	bookmark
virtueel	a		virtual (in effect or essence, rather than in fact or reality); virtual (simulated in a computer and/or online)
knettergek	a		completely insane, stark raving mad
ambras	n	de	quarrel, fight
onbeperkt	a		unrestricted, unlimited
pejoratief	n	de · mv. pejoratieven	pejorative
pejoratief	a		pejorative
kapsel	n	het · mv. kapsels	haircut, hairstyle, hairdo; capsule (enveloping membrane)
krabbel	n	de · mv. krabbels	a scribble, a short piece of writing
veinzen	v	veinsde – geveinsd	to feign, pretend
bezwendelen	v	bezwendelde – bezwendeld	to defraud, to swindle
plosief	n	de · mv. plosieven	plosive
plosief	a		plosive
plofklank	n	de · mv. plofklanken	plosive
huissleutel	n	de · mv. huissleutels	the key to one's house
Brabander	n	de · mv. Brabanders	a Brabantian, a person from Brabant; a neighbourhood of Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Peel	m		a region of the Netherlands located in Noord-Brabant and Limburg
Kempen	m		Campine (a region of Antwerp, Limburg and North Brabant, Belgium and the…
Meierij	m		a region of the Netherlands located south of 's-Hertogenbosch
knarsen	v	knarste – geknarst	to creak; to make a high-pitched, grating noise; to grind (one's teeth together)
kunstgebit	n	het · mv. kunstgebitten	false teeth, a set of dentures
melkgebit	n	het · mv. melkgebitten	milk teeth
iteratie	n	de · mv. iteraties	iteration
blauwgroen	n	het · mv. blauwgroenen	blue-green, cyan
blauwgroen	a		cyan-coloured
vuurrood	a		scarlet (often of facial colours, e.g. due to blushing or anger)
lichtblauw	a		light blue
donkerblauw	a		dark blue
lichtrood	a		light red
donkerrood	a		dark red
lichtgroen	a		light green
donkergroen	a		dark green
geelgroen	a		yellow-green; with a yellow and a green colour
geelgroen	n	het · mv. geelgroenen	The colour yellow-green; A shade or colour between yellow and green
lichtgeel	a		light yellow
donkergeel	a		dark yellow
lichtbruin	a		light brown
donkerbruin	a		dark brown
lichtgrijs	a		light grey
donkergrijs	a		dark grey
spierwit	a		white as a sheet
grasgroen	a		grass-green
hemelblauw	n	het	sky blue (loosely speaking: not according to any color standardization); French blue (RAL 5015 (RAL is a Dutch color standardization)
hemelblauw	a		sky blue (loosely speaking: not according to any color standardization); French blue (RAL 5015 (RAL is a Dutch color standardization))
dijkwacht	n	de · mv. dijkwachten	the act of guarding a dike during a storm; a dike guard; someone who does the above
dijkbewaking	n	de · mv. dijkbewakingen	the act of guarding a dike during a storm or other threat
droogleggen	v	legde droog – drooggelegd	to drain (water); to ban consumption of alcoholic drinks
drooglegging	n	de · mv. droogleggingen	drainage of a polder
eergisteren	d		ereyesterday, the day before yesterday
nuttigen	v	nuttigde – genuttigd	to consume (food), imbibe (drinks)
eetcafé	n	het · mv. eetcafés	a bistro, a diner
evangelisch	a		evangelical, pertaining to the gospels; evangelical, pertaining to evangelicalism; evangelical, Lutheran, pertaining to Lutheranism
fietspad	n	het · mv. fietspaden	cycle path
frisdrank	n	de · mv. frisdranken	a soda, soft drink
totalitarisme	n	het	totalitarianism
condoleren	v	condoleerde – gecondoleerd	to condole, offer one's condolences
gehakt	n	het	mince, ground meat, finely chopped meat
hagelen	v	hagelde – gehageld	to hail (weather condition)
hoofdpunt	n	het · mv. hoofdpunten	main point, gist; headline
inpakken	v	pakte in – ingepakt	to pack up, to load things into a package; to wrap into paper or gift-wrap; to leave, to depart, to pack one's bags
koekenpan	n	de · mv. koekenpannen	frying pan
koffiepot	n	de · mv. koffiepotten	a coffeepot
koffiekan	n	de · mv. koffiekannen	a coffeepot
woordenstroom	n	de · mv. woordenstromen	flow of speech, stream of words; verbiage
advocatuur	n	de · mv. advocaturen	the lawyer profession, bar
pasklaar	a		ready-made; immediately applicable (said of answers and solutions)
Oudhoogduits	m		Old High German
Oudhoogduits	a		Old High German
blijspel	n	het · mv. blijspelen	a drama that is light and humorous; a comedy
trimsalon	n	de/het · mv. trimsalons	a dog salon (hairdresser shop for dogs)
keeshond	n	de · mv. keeshonden	Keeshond (breed of spitz)
keuterboer	n	de · mv. keuterboeren	poor farmer who owns only a small patch of land which is barely or not…
keuterij	n	de · mv. keuterijen	a collective term referring to the cottages inhabited by cotters (keuterboeren)
dwaas	a		foolish, stupid
dwaas	n	de · mv. dwazen	a stupid person, fool (male or of unspecified gender)
huisraad	n	het · mv. huisraden	a collective term used to refer to all furniture, appliances and other…
katrol	n	de · mv. katrollen	a pulley
katrolschijf	n	de · mv. katrolschijven	a pulley wheel, sheave
geesteskind	n	het · mv. geesteskinderen	brainchild
stuwadoor	n	de · mv. stuwadoren	stevedore
negorij	n	de · mv. negorijen	a hamlet (small village somewhere in the sticks)
verbleken	v	verbleekte – verbleekt	to fade, to pale
eutrofie	n	de	eutrophy
juffer	n	de · mv. juffers	damsel, maiden; damselfly
waterjuffer	n	de · mv. waterjuffers	pond damselfly; any damselfly that belongs to the family Coenagrionidae
allerminst	d		not in the least, not at all
snuifdoos	n	de · mv. snuifdozen	snuffbox
snuiftabak	n	de	snuff (tobacco)
mineraloog	n	de · mv. mineralogen	mineralogist
liefhebberij	n	de · mv. liefhebberijen	a hobby
bespeuren	v	bespeurde – bespeurd	to sense, to perceive
houterig	a		wooden, stiff, rigid
houterigheid	n	de	woodenness, stiffness
doorzien	v	doorzag – doorzien	to see through, detect (a lie)
kwaadspreken	v	sprak kwaad – kwaadgesproken	to defame, slander, traduce
kwaadspreker	n	de · mv. kwaadsprekers	defamer, slanderer
kwaadspreekster	n	de · mv. kwaadspreeksters	a (female) defamer, slanderer
menigmaal	d		often, frequently
nijver	a		industrious, hardworking
bouwnijverheid	n	de	the building industry
uitrichten	v	richtte uit – uitgericht	to do, perform
kousje	n	het · mv. kousjes	a gas mantle; clipping of gloeikous
gloeikous	n	de · mv. gloeikousen	an incandescent gas mantle
kwalijk	a		bad, undesirable; difficult
huiscavia	n	de · mv. huiscavia's	a domestic guinea pig
meekomen	v	kwam mee – meegekomen	to come along with; accompany; join
bijhouden	v	hield bij – bijgehouden	to keep up with (the pace); to maintain, upkeep
meebrengen	v	bracht mee – meegebracht	to bring along, bring with
uitstel	n	het	delay, deferment
uitstel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitstellen
respijt	n	het · mv. respijten	delay, respite
overdaad	n	de · mv. overdaden	excess
egodocument	n	het · mv. egodocumenten	any text in which the personal life and experiences of the author play an…
middelbaar	a		intermediate, middle; secondary
omkleden	v	kleedde om – omgekleed	to get changed, to change clothes, to reclothe; to surround with (something); met reden(en) omkleed: reasoned, giving reason(s)
onoplettend	a		inattentive
onweren	v	onweerde – geonweerd	to have a thunderstorm in progress
opendoen	v	deed open – opengedaan	to open
mentaliteit	n	de · mv. mentaliteiten	mentality (mindset)
proesten	v	proestte – geproest	to produce a throaty wheezy noise in the throat while trying to hold back…; to sneeze
winkelier	n	de · mv. winkeliers	shopkeeper, storekeeper (an owner of a shop or store)
voorhang	n	de · mv. voorhangen	a curtain in a religious context, found commonly in temples, tabernacles or…; a parliamentary procedure in the Netherlands' parliamentary system (see…
voorhang	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorhangen
voorhangsel	n	het · mv. voorhangsels	a curtain decorated with religious figures found commonly in temples,…
voorhangen	v	hing voor – voorgehangen	to hang in front in order to cover what's behind (such as a priest's robe)
voorhanger	n	de · mv. voorhangers	a pair of detachable sunglasses that can be bridged onto the primary spectacles
ternauwernood	d		barely, narrowly, just
bloembak	n	de · mv. bloembakken	flower tub (a usually concrete quadrilateral tub used to hold flowers for…
toeristenval	n	de · mv. toeristenvallen	tourist trap
woelwater	n	het · mv. woelwaters	water that wells up incessantly; a well; a restless person, especially a child
parkeerterrein	n	het · mv. parkeerterreinen	parking lot, outdoor car park, parking area (compare: parkeergarage)
veroorloven	v	veroorloofde – veroorloofd	to afford, allow oneself
piepklein	a		tiny, microscopic
reisbureau	n	het · mv. reisbureaus	travel agency
reischeque	n	de · mv. reischeques	traveller's cheque
schouwburg	n	de · mv. schouwburgen	theatre (UK), theater (US)
sjekkie	n	het · mv. sjekkies	roll-your-own cigarette
snufje	n	het · mv. snufjes	a small amount of tobacco, esp. one that can be snuffed in one instance; a tiny amount, a teeny bit, a pinch; a novelty, something new
spaarboekje	n	het · mv. spaarboekjes	a savings book (only used in the diminutive form)
spaarbankboekje	n	het · mv. spaarbankboekjes	a savings book (only used in the diminutive form)
speelfilm	n	de · mv. speelfilms	a live-action film (as opposed to a tekenfilm, an animated movie)
tekenfilm	n	de · mv. tekenfilms	an animated cartoon, especially a full-length cartoon film
spijkerbroek	n	de · mv. spijkerbroeken	a pair of jeans
treinstel	n	het · mv. treinstellen	a set of trains, a multiple unit
verkleden	v	verkleedde – verkleed	to dress up, put on a costume; to get changed; to change someone's clothes
uitstappen	v	stapte uit – uitgestapt	to get off (a vehicle or a vessel); to die
uittrekken	v	trok uit – uitgetrokken	to take off (clothes); to pull out (of), e.g. a tooth
uitdoen	v	deed uit – uitgedaan	to take off (clothes); to turn off (a switch)
uitvallen	v	viel uit – uitgevallen	to fall out (such as hair); to drop out (of a competition); to stop functioning, to become out of order
eikenhout	n	het	oak wood
eikenhouten	a		oaken
verrukkelijk	a		wonderful, delightful
verrukken	v	verrukte – verrukt	to cause to become overjoyed; to enchant, charm
verstandig	a		sensible, wise, able-minded
onverstandig	a		unwise, insensible
Victoriaans	a		Victorian
perkament	n	het · mv. perkamenten	parchment (material, uncountable); a document such as a certificate scribed on parchment
perkamenten	a		made of parchment, parchment
voorlezen	v	las voor – voorgelezen	to read aloud
vriespunt	n	het · mv. vriespunten	freezing point
vriezer	n	de · mv. vriezers	freezer
diepvries	n	de · mv. diepvriezen	deep-freezing; freezer
diepvries	a		deep-frozen
diepvriezer	n	de · mv. diepvriezers	a freezer
diepvriezen	v	vroor diep – diepgevroren	to deep-freeze
diepvrieskast	n	de · mv. diepvrieskasten	a freezer
vriesvak	n	het · mv. vriesvakken	a freezer compartment within a refrigerator rather than as a separate unit,…
vulpen	n	de · mv. vulpennen	fountain pen
weerbericht	n	het · mv. weerberichten	weather report
weerkaart	n	de · mv. weerkaarten	weather map, weather chart
misleiden	v	misleidde – misleid	to mislead
rokade	n	de	castling
wegdoen	v	deed weg – weggedaan	to put away, to clear away, to get rid of
welterusten	i		good night; sleep well
wisselkoers	n	de · mv. wisselkoersen	exchange rate; the price of a bill of exchange
rookworst	n	de · mv. rookworsten	rookworst, a type of traditionally smoked (but now often cooked) sausage
waarachtigheid	n	de · mv. waarachtigheden	genuineness, realness
formaliseren	v	formaliseerde – geformaliseerd	to formalize, make official; to give shape or form to
toewijden	v	wijdde toe – toegewijd	to dedicate
kindsheid	n	de	second childhood, dotage
ascetisme	n	het	asceticism
hedonisme	n	het	hedonism
epicurisme	n	het	Epicureanism
genotzucht	n	de	seeking of pleasure, especially of luxury and sensuousness; hedonism
grendelen	v	grendelde – gegrendeld	to bolt (a door); to lock a door by bolting it
verstrammen	v	verstramde – verstramd	to stiffen
kleerhanger	n	de · mv. kleerhangers	a coat hanger
vergrootglas	n	het · mv. vergrootglazen	magnifying glass
alaaf	i		A greeting used during carnaval
labeur	n	het	toil, hard labour, heavy labour, in the past esp. on agricultural land
koetswerk	n	het · mv. koetswerken	body, bodywork of a vehicle
oef	i		oof, phew, whew (expression of disgust, tiredness or relief)
blinddoek	n	de · mv. blinddoeken	a blindfold
blinddoeken	v	blinddoekte – geblinddoekt	to blindfold
remkabel	n	de · mv. remkabels	a bicycle's brake cable
verleidelijk	a		alluring, tempting, seductive
afkeurenswaardig	a		blameworthy
zadel	n	de/het · mv. zadels	saddle (seat on a horse or a bicycle); saddle (ridge between two hills)
besparing	n	de · mv. besparingen	saving
lichaamsbeweging	n	de · mv. lichaamsbewegingen	physical exercise; body movement
zelfrijzend	a		self-raising (flour for example)
sleutelbeen	n	het · mv. sleutelbenen	collarbone
hunkeren	v	hunkerde – gehunkerd	to long for, crave
rusteloos	a		restless
voorman	n	de · mv. voormannen	supervisor, foreman, ganger; leader, frontman; boss, head of a company
opzichter	n	de · mv. opzichters	overseer, supervisor
onderbaas	n	de · mv. onderbazen	a generic term referring to a person that acts on behalf of their superior…; an underboss; base of a pillar
ploegbaas	n	de · mv. ploegbazen	foreman, ganger, supervisor, team leader
kritiseren	v	kritiseerde – gekritiseerd	to criticise; to critique
mistig	a		misty; vague, unclear
mistigheid	n	de · mv. mistigheden	mistiness; vagueness
misten	v	mistte – gemist	to fog, become covered with mist
babyboom	n	de · mv. babybooms	baby boom
makak	n	de · mv. makakken	someone of Moroccan or Maghreb origin
porem	n	het · mv. porems	face
ponem	n	de/het · mv. ponems	punim, face
achenebbisj	i		Oy vey!
achenebbisj	a		unfortunate
achenebbisj	n	de	someone or something that causes pity; something no longer worth seeing
bolleboos	n	de · mv. bollebozen	smart or clever person
gajes	n	het	riffraff, rabble
gannef	n	de · mv. gannefen	thief
gappen	v	gapte – gegapt	to steal, to appropriate oneself something
geteisem	n	het	riffraff, trashy folk, scum
goochem	a		smart, cunning, streetwise
hoteldebotel	a		mad, crazy; smitten, head over heels
jajem	n	de · mv. jajems	jenever
gasturbine	n	de · mv. gasturbines	gas turbine
kapsones	n		pretensions, a high opinion of oneself
koosjer	a		kosher; proper, in order, meet
SGP	m		Reformed Political Party, a conservative orthodox Protestant political party…
intimidatie	n	de · mv. intimidaties	intimidation
emancipatie	n	de · mv. emancipaties	emancipation (individual or social liberation from subordination or oppression)
emanciperen	v	emancipeerde – geëmancipeerd	to emancipate
compenseren	v	compenseerde – gecompenseerd	to compensate
criminaliteit	n	de	criminality
overgooien	v	gooide over – overgegooid	to throw over, throw from one place to another; to throw again
vergooien	v	vergooide – vergooid	to throw away; to waste away
black-out	n	de · mv. black-outs	blackout (temporary loss of consciousness); blackout (temporary loss of memory); blackout (large-scale power failure)
doorsnee	a		average
doorsnee	n	de · mv. doorsneden	cross section; diameter
tafeltennis	n	het	table tennis, ping pong
oöcyt	n	de · mv. oöcyten	oocyte (cell that develops into egg or ovum)
Haspel	m		a hamlet in Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
marteling	n	de · mv. martelingen	torture (intentional causing of somebody's experiencing agony)
voortreffelijk	a		excellent, outstanding, exquisite
voortreffelijkheid	n	de · mv. voortreffelijkheden	excellence, exquisiteness
bouwdoos	n	de · mv. bouwdozen	a toy that consists of a collection of parts needed for building a model or…
genegen	a		ready, prepared; inclined, predisposed
genegenheid	n	de · mv. genegenheden	fondness, inclination to like, affection
gedoe	n	het	fuss, ado, hassle
waakhond	n	de · mv. waakhonden	watchdog, guard dog
verwondering	n	de	amazement, marvel, surprise, fascination, wonderment
verwonderen	v	verwonderde – verwonderd	to amaze
vergeetachtig	a		forgetful
kinderachtig	a		childish, infantile
ontzag	n	het	awe, reverence
slaapmiddel	n	het · mv. slaapmiddelen	a somnifacient (such as sleeping pills)
straatweg	n	de · mv. straatwegen	a paved road (usually found in certain street names or landmarks)
verharden	v	verhardde – verhard	harden (to become hardened); harden (to make hardened)
duizelingwekkend	a		dizzying, dazzling
duizeling	n	de · mv. duizelingen	vertigo, spell of dizziness
draaierig	a		dizzy
draaierigheid	n	de · mv. draaierigheden	dizziness
cabaretière	n	de · mv. cabaretières	female cabaret performer
weelde	n	de	affluence, wealth, luxury
luidruchtig	a		noisy, vociferous
lawaaierig	a		noisy
gevaarte	n	het · mv. gevaarten	a huge object, a colossus
lasteraar	n	de · mv. lasteraars	a slanderer
clair-obscur	n	het	chiaroscuro
rijen	v	rijde – gerijd	to form a row, line up into a row
groothertogdom	n	het · mv. groothertogdommen	grand duchy; grand dukedom
groothertog	n	de · mv. groothertogen	grand duke
groothertogin	n	de · mv. groothertoginnen	grand duchess
inleiden	v	leidde in – ingeleid	to usher in; to introduce a topic; to prelude
aanbelanden	v	belandde aan – aanbeland	to end up, wind up (in)
celibaat	n	het	celibacy
stagneren	v	stagneerde – gestagneerd	to stagnate
verontrusten	v	verontrustte – verontrust	to trouble, disturb
moeren	v	moerde – gemoerd	to excavate a peat
tortelduif	n	de · mv. tortelduiven	European turtle dove (Streptopelia turtur); any turtle dove, any pigeon of the genus Streptopelia; one of an infatuated couple of lovers, a person in love
tortel	n	de · mv. tortels	synonym of zomertortel
verklappen	v	verklapte – verklapt	to give away, reveal (a previously held secret)
portiek	n	de · mv. portieken	recessed portal giving shared sheltered access to the front doors of a…; grouping of row houses or walk-ups sharing the same access portal; portico
ritmisch	a		rhythmic
fantast	n	de · mv. fantasten	a fantasizer, dreamer
samenleven	v	leefde samen – samengeleefd	to live together as partners or a family
wals	n	de · mv. walsen	waltz; a roller (such as a tractor roller or a road roller)
staker	n	de · mv. stakers	a striker, someone who goes on strike
versleten	a		worn out, trite
verslijten	v	versleet – versleten	to wear out, fray; to take for
plagerij	n	de · mv. plagerijen	worry, concern; teasing, chaff
behaagziek	a		overly willing to please, fawning
koket	a		coquettish
verkreukelen	v	verkreukelde – verkreukeld	to crease, rumple; to blunder, screw up
kreukelen	v	kreukelde – gekreukeld	to crease, rumple; to cause to crease, rumple
kreuken	v	kreukte – gekreukt	to crease, rumple; to cause to crease, rumple
kreuk	n	de · mv. kreuken	an unintended crease, wrinkle
afrollen	v	rolde af – afgerold	to roll off
doodeenvoudig	a		dead simple, very simple, very easy
vibreren	v	vibreerde – gevibreerd	to vibrate, trill
bijkomstigheid	n	de · mv. bijkomstigheden	something that is less important and secondary to the main issue
bijkomstig	a		secondary, less important, having less importance
coronium	n	het	coronium (obsolete chemical element, hypothesised to exist based on a green…
Tasman	m		a Dutch surname
panslavisme	n	het	Pan-Slavism
engageren	v	engageerde – geëngageerd	to engage; to join
campanologie	n	de	campanology (study of bells)
vulgair	a		vulgar, obscene; ordinary, banal
smakeloos	a		tasteless (said of food and drink); obscene, vulgar, tasteless
obsceen	a		obscene
schunnig	a		dirty, obscene
tuinkabouter	n	de · mv. tuinkabouters	a garden gnome
ongevoelig	a		insensitive, crass, callous
insensibel	a		insensitive, crass; imperceptible, unnoticeable
bokje	n	het · mv. bokjes	jacksnipe (Lymnocryptes minimus); a cheap and low-quality cigar
zondebok	n	de · mv. zondebokken	scapegoat
anderman	r		someone else
vooruitblikken	v	blikte vooruit – vooruitgeblikt	to look ahead, preview, focus on possible future events
vooruitblik	n	de · mv. vooruitblikken	outlook into future events
vooruitblik	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vooruitblikken
hoera	i		hurrah!
hoera	n	het · mv. hoera's	a hurrah
planmatig	a		planned; as planned, according to plan
langdradig	a		longwinded, wordy, prolix; consisting of long thread, long threads or other long fibres
langdradigheid	n	de · mv. langdradigheden	prolixity, long-windedness
steeneik	n	de · mv. steeneiken	holm oak
ellendig	a		miserable, hapless
erbarmelijk	a		miserable, pathetic
erbarming	n	de · mv. erbarmingen	mercy, pity
beklagenswaardig	a		lamentable, pitiful
devies	n	het · mv. deviezen	motto, slogan, watchword; security (proof for ownership of bonds); money or an asset in a foreign currency
geldswaardig	a		salable, marketable (such as securities and bonds)
hekelen	v	hekelde – gehekeld	to heckle, to comb with a hackle (heckling comb); to denounce, criticize (publicly); to satirise, to lampoon
blablabla	i		blah blah blah
vermoeidheid	n	de · mv. vermoeidheden	tiredness, weariness
vangst	n	de · mv. vangsten	a catch, a haul (that which has been caught); the act of catching
schamel	a		poor, impoverished; insignificant, pitiable, paltry
verschansen	v	verschanste – verschanst	to fortify; (literal) to surround with a defensive wall, to protect with a…; to dig oneself in, to seek cover, to fortify one's position, to take a…
schans	n	de · mv. schansen	a sconce or a similar type of fortification; a ramp; a platform or ramp used for ski jumpers (or any similar sport) to gain…
springschans	n	de · mv. springschansen	a platform or ramp used for ski jumpers to gain height during their jumps
barbier	n	de · mv. barbiers	barber (hairdresser); surgeon
kansel	n	de · mv. kansels	pulpit (raised platform in church)
dubbelzinnigheid	n	de · mv. dubbelzinnigheden	ambiguity; double entendre
dubbelzinnig	a		ambiguous
manifestatie	n	de · mv. manifestaties	manifestation; protest, demonstration
kreupel	a		crippled; lame
kreupelhout	n	het	undergrowth, brushwood
spasme	n	het · mv. spasmen	spasm
leunstoel	n	de · mv. leunstoelen	armchair
milieuvriendelijk	a		environmentally friendly
flexibiliteit	n	de	flexibility
buigzaamheid	n	de	flexibility, the quality to bend easily
soepelheid	n	de · mv. soepelheden	flexibility, suppleness
verkorten	v	verkortte – verkort	to shorten; to abridge, abbreviate
verkorting	n	de · mv. verkortingen	shortening; abridgment; clipping
bekrompen	a		narrow-minded, prejudiced
emfatisch	a		emphatic (characterised by emphasis); emphatic (of or pertaining to a series of obstruent consonants in several…
emfatisch	d		emphatically
frik	n	de · mv. frikken	a narrow-minded and prejudiced schoolteacher
inlassen	v	laste in – ingelast	to insert, put in
flik	n	de · mv. flikken	paw, mitt (crude term for a human hand)
litho	n	de · mv. litho's	lithograph
schrobben	v	schrobde – geschrobd	to scrub; to clean with water and a hard brush or other hard implement
straatarm	a		dirt-poor
ontwennen	v	ontwende – ontwend	to unlearn, wean, correct (a bad habit)
verwilderen	v	verwilderde – verwilderd	to become wild and unruly; to return to the wild; to become feral
verwilderd	a		wild, unruly; overgrown; wild, feral
zorgwekkend	a		alarming, worrying
contreien	n		regions, areas
temmen	v	temde – getemd	to tame, domesticate
loodgieterij	n	de	plumbing (the trade)
vitrage	n	de · mv. vitrages	vitrage (translucent curtain or fabric)
logies	n	het	lodging
hoogverraad	n	het	high treason
wegversperring	n	de · mv. wegversperringen	road block
versperring	n	de · mv. versperringen	the action of blocking; an object used to block, a barricade
nachtschade	n	de · mv. nachtschaden	nightshade, any plant of the genus Solanum
wolfskers	n	de · mv. wolfskersen	belladonna, deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna)
kermistent	n	de · mv. kermistenten	an attraction at a carnival or a fair
circustent	n	de · mv. circustenten	circus tent
gaarne	d		with pleasure, gladly
klaarblijkelijk	a		obvious, evident
ethica	n	de	ethics; female ethicist, woman studying ethics
zede	n	de · mv. zeden	a norms or habit practiced by a certain people that is considered to be just…; mores, especially sexual mores; someone's conduct in moral respect
ethisch	a		ethical
onethisch	a		unethical
ijzel	n	de	black ice (thin film of ice); freezing rain
etherisch	a		ethereal; etheric
guil	n	de · mv. guilen	an old or worn-down horse, a nag; a lazy person
isohypse	n	de · mv. isohypsen	isohypse
vangrail	n	de · mv. vangrails	guardrail, crash barrier
theeblad	n	het · mv. theebladeren	tea leaf
schouwspel	n	het · mv. schouwspelen	show, spectacle
vertoning	n	de · mv. vertoningen	show, spectacle, performance; display, charade
watersnood	n	de · mv. watersnoden	a flood
inundatie	n	de · mv. inundaties	inundation
inunderen	v	inundeerde – geïnundeerd	to inundate
pittig	a		piquant, spicy; energetic and having a strong character; serious and difficult
nutten	v	nutte – genut	to use, to enjoy use of; to consume, to eat
nutteloos	a		useless, pointless; meaningless, purposeless
onveranderlijk	a		invariable, immutable; constant, unchanging
respectief	a		respective
foeilelijk	a		shamefully ugly, extremely ugly
foei	i		bah!, fie!
verfoeien	v	verfoeide – verfoeid	to abhor (to feel hatred and disgust for)
saltatie	n	de · mv. saltaties	saltation
rubriek	n	de · mv. rubrieken	rubric, header
rubriceren	v	rubriceerde – gerubriceerd	to divide into sections; to bring under headings; to classify into different…
besmuikt	a		secret, secretive
dwaalgeest	n	de · mv. dwaalgeesten	heretic, apostate, one with heterodox views
ontspanning	n	de · mv. ontspanningen	diversion, recreation
vinken	v	vinkte – gevinkt	to finch; catch finches
selectievakje	n	het · mv. selectievakjes	a checkbox
bedieningspaneel	n	het · mv. bedieningspanelen	control panel
paneel	n	het · mv. panelen	panel (flat, rectangular, often wooden, surface); control panel
terugzetten	v	zette terug – teruggezet	to rewind (a clock); to restore (something to its previous state); to restore, roll back
stokoud	a		very old, ancient
hoeksteen	n	de · mv. hoekstenen	cornerstone
polygaam	a		polygamous
fanaat	n	de · mv. fanaten	a fanatic, a zealot
fanatiek	a		fanatic
geneeslijk	a		curable, healable
ongeneeslijk	a		incurable, untreatable
Engelsman	n	de · mv. Engelsen	Englishman
koortsuitslag	n	de · mv. koortsuitslagen	cold sore
huiduitslag	n	de · mv. huiduitslagen	skin rash
koortslip	n	de · mv. koortslippen	herpes labialis, cold sores developed around the lips or nose
Pergamum	m		Pergamum
stuc	n	de	stucco
fingeren	v	fingeerde – gefingeerd	to fake
snoepje	n	het · mv. snoepjes	a sweet, a piece of candy; a pill of ecstasy or, more broadly, any drug in pill form
gewelf	n	het · mv. gewelven	vault, cellar (secure storage area); arch, vault (architectural component)
wijnkelder	n	de · mv. wijnkelders	wine cellar
onderaards	a		underground
vagevuur	n	het	purgatory
tweeloops	a		double-barreled
knapperd	n	de · mv. knapperds	a handsome person; hunk
schuw	a		shy of humans, wild; shy, unsociable; evasive, shunning
kloothommel	n	de · mv. kloothommels	asshole
opschepen	v	scheepte op – opgescheept	to saddle (someone with), to land (someone with)
opgescheept	a		stuck, burdened, inflicted
reumatisch	a		rheumatic
reumatiek	n	de	rheumatism
opstapelen	v	stapelde op – opgestapeld	to pile up, heap; to accumulate, pile up
verdraaglijk	a		bearable, endurable
onverdraaglijk	a		unbearable, unendurable
sjouwen	v	sjouwde – gesjouwd	to carry (a heavy object or load), tote, schlep
gelukskoekje	n	het · mv. gelukskoekjes	fortune cookie
mercantilisme	n	het	mercantilism
pacifisme	n	het	pacifism
bloemblad	n	het · mv. bloembladeren	(flower) petal
volslagen	a		complete, total, utter
overeen	d		equal, matching (often used with komen...met)
nomenclatuur	n	de · mv. nomenclaturen	nomenclature
boekenwurm	n	de · mv. boekenwurmen	bookworm
aanpappen	v	papte aan – aangepapt	to make conversation, to start a conversation, to get in touch
pappen	v	papte – gepapt	to smear with paste
enzovoort	d		and so forth, et cetera
armoedzaaier	n	de · mv. armoedzaaiers	one who is extremely poor, a down-and-outer, a beggar
ongehoord	a		unheard-of; shameful, reprehensible; terrible, excessive
egoïst	n	de · mv. egoïsten	egoist
egoïstisch	a		egoistic, selfish
egoïsme	n	het	egoism
blaken	v	blaakte – geblaakt	to scorch, blaze; to be extremely good, to be full of (something)
beding	n	het · mv. bedingen	condition; prayer, act of praying
opticien	n	de · mv. opticiens	optician
alcoholist	n	de · mv. alcoholisten	alcoholic
diabeticus	n	de · mv. diabetici	diabetic (person)
diabeet	n	de · mv. diabeten	diabetic (person)
gozer	n	de · mv. gozers	guy, dude, bloke
atleet	n	de · mv. atleten	athlete (a person who actively participates in physical sports, esp. one…
automatisme	n	het · mv. automatismen	automatism
zieden	v	zood – gezoden	to boil; to prepare by boiling; to seethe, to be in a violent or mentally agitated state
coloradokever	n	de · mv. coloradokevers	potato beetle (Leptinotarsa decemlineata)
suikergoed	n	het	candy (in general), confectionery
snoepgoed	n	het	candy (in general), confectionery
bloedhekel	n	de	abhorrence, loathing, extreme contempt or aversion towards something or someone
moraalwetenschap	n	de · mv. moraalwetenschappen	ethics
moraliteit	n	de · mv. moraliteiten	morality
ontgassen	v	ontgaste – ontgast	to degas
Hagenees	n	de · mv. Hagenezen	a (usually) lower-class inhabitant of The Hague
Hagenees	m		the lect spoken by lower-class people from The Hague
muteren	v	muteerde – gemuteerd	to mutate
mutatie	n	de · mv. mutaties	mutation
bunder	n	het · mv. bunders	a unit of measurement for area, a hectare
isogeen	a		coming from the same origin; isogeneic
huidtransplantatie	n	de · mv. huidtransplantaties	dermoplasty
transplantatie	n	de · mv. transplantaties	transplant
transplanteren	v	transplanteerde – getransplanteerd	to transplant
renegeren	v	renegeerde – gerenegeerd	to renounce one's belief, renege
renegaat	n	de · mv. renegaten	renegade, apostate
afvallen	v	viel af – afgevallen	to fall off; to lose weight, slim down; to drop out, to no longer be able to partake
echolalie	n	de	echolalia
echokinesie	n	de	echokinesis
kinesie	n	de	kinesis; physiotherapy
fysiotherapie	n	de · mv. fysiotherapieën	physiotherapy
fysiotherapeut	n	de · mv. fysiotherapeuten	physiotherapist
kinesist	n	de · mv. kinesisten	physiotherapist
heilgymnastiek	n	de	remedial gymnastics
gymnastiek	n	de	gymnastics
heilgymnast	n	de · mv. heilgymnasten	remedial gymnast
parket	n	het · mv. parketten	parquet (inlaid wooden floor); parquet (the branch of the administrative government that handles prosecutions); small confined space
inboeten	v	boette in – ingeboet	to lose, be deprived of
constitueren	v	constitueerde – geconstitueerd	to constitute; to be established; to be enacted
manifesteren	v	manifesteerde – gemanifesteerd	to manifest
melkvee	n	het	milch cow, cattle kept for milk production
calorisch	a		caloric, calorific
aristocratisch	a		aristocratic
wasserij	n	de · mv. wasserijen	laundry (shop or staffed facility that launders clothes); laundromat (self-service laundry)
huichelaar	n	de · mv. huichelaars	hypocrite
huichelen	v	huichelde – gehuicheld	to feign, to pretend, to act hypocritically
schijnheilige	n	de · mv. schijnheiligen	hypocrite
hilarisch	a		hilarious, comical
hilariteit	n	de	hilarity
vrolijkheid	n	de · mv. vrolijkheden	cheerfulness, glee, merriment, mirth
homologatie	n	de · mv. homologaties	homologation, ratification by a recognized authority for such matters as a…; recognition of a sporting record
glacioloog	n	de · mv. glaciologen	glaciologist
gletsjerkunde	n	de	glaciology
glaciaal	a		glacial (pertaining to land ice or ice ages)
glaciaal	n	het · mv. glacialen	a glacial, an ice age
glaciatie	n	de · mv. glaciaties	glaciation
glaceren	v	glaceerde – geglaceerd	to frost, cover with icing
oölogie	n	de	oology
aalt	n	de	liquid excrements of animals, liquid manure, slurry
Insulinde	m		Dutch East Indies (a former Dutch colony in modern-day Indonesia, existing…
nikkelen	a		made of nickel
kerkgebruik	n	het · mv. kerkgebruiken	rite
nikkelien	n	het	niccolite, nickeline; NiAs
nikkelstaal	n	het	nickel steel
nikkelstuk	n	het · mv. nikkelstukken	a nickel or any coin made from the element nickel
bouwwerf	n	de · mv. bouwwerven	a building site
bouwterrein	n	het · mv. bouwterreinen	a building site
bouwplaats	n	de · mv. bouwplaatsen	a building site
bondskist	n	de · mv. bondskisten	a toolkit given by the Royal Dutch Tourist Association to its members; the Ark of the Covenant (short for verbondskist)
verbondskist	n	de	the Ark of the Covenant
verbondsark	n	de · mv. verbondsarken	the Ark of the Covenant
vacaturebank	n	de · mv. vacaturebanken	a job bank - similar to an online employment agency
soporatief	a		soporific; boring, dry
soporatief	n	het · mv. soporatieven	a soporific
soporeus	a		soporific
traceren	v	traceerde – getraceerd	to trace out, draw an outline; to look for a clue
slijterij	n	de · mv. slijterijen	liquor store
slijter	n	de · mv. slijters	a liquor store owner
exposeren	v	exposeerde – geëxposeerd	to expose, to unravel, to uncover; to exhibit
toegankelijkheid	n	de · mv. toegankelijkheden	accessibility
ambachtsman	n	de · mv. ambachtslieden	craftsman, artisan, artificer
abonneren	v	abonneerde – geabonneerd	to subscribe, to sign up (to receive a publication)
muide	n	de · mv. muiden	mouth of a river
tobber	n	de · mv. tobbers	an unlucky person, someone who never seems to have any lucky things happen…
risee	n	de · mv. risees	laughing stock
finishen	v	finishte – gefinisht	to finish
Wankelmotor	n	de · mv. Wankelmotoren	Wankel engine
aandrijflijn	n	de · mv. aandrijflijnen	powertrain, drivetrain
turbolader	n	de · mv. turboladers	turbocharger
luchtkoeler	n	de · mv. luchtkoelers	intercooler
vliegwiel	n	het · mv. vliegwielen	flywheel
veiligheidskooi	n	de · mv. veiligheidskooien	roll cage
cardanas	n	de · mv. cardanassen	driveline
motorkap	n	de · mv. motorkappen	bonnet, hood (of a motorised road vehicle)
douairière	n	de · mv. douairières	dowager
koker	n	de · mv. kokers	tube, cylinder, cylindrical case, quiver; someone who cooks or boils; a device used for boiling
chromosomaal	a		chromosomal
puntkomma	n	de · mv. puntkomma's	semicolon (punctuation mark ';')
paashaas	n	de · mv. paashazen	the Easter Bunny
biodiversiteit	n	de	biodiversity (diversity of flora and fauna)
melkchocolade	n	de	milk chocolate (chocolate that includes milk powder as one of its ingredients)
pruttelen	v	pruttelde – geprutteld	to simmer, cook slowly over low heat; to make a low repeating noise, hum, purr
rollerbank	n	mv. rollerbanken	dynamometer
gestel	n	het · mv. gestellen	a system, a framework; physical condition of the body, constitution
zenuwgestel	n	het · mv. zenuwgestellen	nervous system; mental or psychological condition (as opposed to gestel)
taxatie	n	de · mv. taxatiën	evaluation, appraisal
taxeren	v	taxeerde – getaxeerd	to evaluate, appraise
sfeervol	a		atmospheric, ambient, evocative; charming, agreeable, elegant (e.g. of furniture)
paardmens	n	de · mv. paardmensen	centaur or (less commonly) another fictional human–horse hybrid
smachten	v	smachtte – gesmacht	to yearn [with naar ‘after/for’], to pine
cardiologisch	a		cardiological
drammerig	a		boring, nagging, wearisome
mitsdien	d		therefore, consequently
tijdgeest	n	de · mv. tijdgeesten	the intellectual and spiritual trend or way of thinking in a society at a…
apoplexie	n	de · mv. apoplexieën	apoplexy
bejubelen	v	bejubelde – bejubeld	to cause to become jubilant, to cheer for
verguizen	v	verguisde – verguisd	to speak about something or to someone with contempt; to revile
mesjogge	a		crazy, insane
triomfant	a		triumphant
triomfantelijk	a		triumphant
triomf	n	de · mv. triomfen	triumph
triomferen	v	triomfeerde – getriomfeerd	to triumph
triomfboog	n	de · mv. triomfbogen	triumphal arch
zuiger	n	de · mv. zuigers	sucker, one who sucks (pulls or draws in by means of suction); piston
Haarlem	m		Haarlem (a city, municipality, and capital of North Holland, Netherlands)
vermolmen	v	vermolmde – vermolmd	to decay, rot; to go mouldy; to crumple, collapse
molm	n	de/het	mould; powdery product left behind by rotten wood
kattengat	n	het · mv. kattengaten	cat flap
conservatorium	n	het · mv. conservatoriums	conservatory
arroseren	v	arroseerde – gearroseerd	to baste (meat), sprinkle (e.g. a cake with icing sugar); to water, irrigate, sprinkle
omfloersen	v	omfloerste – omfloerst	to surround or to fill with mist or haze; to muffle, dampen; to conceal, disguise, cover
floers	n	het · mv. floersen	veil (something mourners wear to funerals); darkness, obscurity
oogschaduw	n	de · mv. oogschaduwen	eyeshadow
wespentaille	n	de · mv. wespentailles	a wasp waist, wasp-like waistline, a very slim waist
poolbeer	n	de · mv. poolberen	polar bear
horizontaal	a		horizontal (parallel to the plane of the horizon)
spijker	n	de · mv. spijkers	nail (metal fastener); granary
Haarlemmer	n	de · mv. Haarlemmers	Haarlemer
Haarlemmer	a		of, from or pertaining to Haarlem
fielt	n	de · mv. fielten	scumbag, bastard, villain
razen	v	raasde – geraasd	to rage, race; to rant, go off
cacaoboon	n	de · mv. cacaobonen	cocoa bean
vadermoord	n	de · mv. vadermoorden	patricide, parricide of one's father; defamation of a fatherlike authority figure (a person or an organization…
hennep	n	de	hemp
lobotomie	n	de · mv. lobotomieën	lobotomy
leukotomie	n	de · mv. leukotomieën	leucotomy
waden	v	waadde – gewaad	to wade
doorwaadbaar	a		wadeable, fordable
amfoteer	a		amphoteric
amfoor	n	de · mv. amforen	amphora (the container); amphora (the measurement for liquids)
piepa	n	de · mv. piepa's	papa
capituleren	v	capituleerde – gecapituleerd	to capitulate, to surrender
laadschop	n	de · mv. laadschoppen	bulldozer
bijschrift	n	het · mv. bijschriften	caption (a title or brief explanation attached to an illustration or cartoon)
krats	n	de · mv. kratsen	a very small sum of money; a pittance
paasfeest	n	het · mv. paasfeesten	Easter
paasdag	n	de · mv. paasdagen	Easter Day
manicuren	v	manicuurde – gemanicuurd	to manicure
incongruentie	n	de · mv. incongruenties	incongruence
congruentie	n	de · mv. congruenties	congruence, agreement; congruence, the quality of being congruent
onderbreking	n	de · mv. onderbrekingen	interruption
toilettas	n	de · mv. toilettassen	a toilet bag (a bag used to store essential toiletries when travelling)
zymogeen	a		zymogenic
degustatie	n	de · mv. degustaties	the tasting and relishing of something, in particular when considered as…
eclecticisme	n	het	eclecticism
moedermoord	n	de · mv. moedermoorden	matricide, parricide of one's own mother; defamation of a motherlike authority figure (a person or an organization…
parricidium	n	het · mv. parricidia	parricide
liefdadig	a		charitable
fabrieksmatig	a		mass-produced, industrial
draagkoets	n	de · mv. draagkoetsen	litter (portable bed or couch used as a mode of transport)
uitvoerbaar	a		practicable (capable of being accomplished; feasible)
aanliggen	v	lag aan – aangelegen	to lie or stand against something else; to be on course
Beëlzebub	m		Beelzebub (demon)
gemoet	n	het	a meeting, an encounter
gemoeten	v	gemoette – gemoet	to meet, to encounter
extase	n	de	ecstasy, ekstasis (emotion)
bezweren	v	bezwoer – bezworen	to control, to subdue; to enchant, to cast a spell over; to swear to uphold or observe
ingraven	v	groef in – ingegraven	to dig in, to entrench
inslapen	v	sliep in – ingeslapen	to fall asleep; to die peacefully
uitslapen	v	sliep uit – uitgeslapen	to sleep in
overspannen	v	overspande – overspannen	to overstress, to overstrain; to span (of a structure)
overspannen	a		overstrained, overstressed; emotionally exhausted
overspanning	n	de · mv. overspanningen	span of a structure; overvoltage
uitblinken	v	blonk uit – uitgeblonken	to excel, to shine
instinken	v	stonk in – ingestonken	to fall for, to be fooled by
bekopen	v	bekocht – bekocht	to pay for (to suffer punishment for); to swindle, to hustle
Austronesisch	a		Austronesian
Austronesisch	m		Austronesian
muskietennet	n	het · mv. muskietennetten	mosquito net
muskiet	n	de · mv. muskieten	a tropical mosquito of the family Culicidae that feeds on blood; any blood-sucking species of mosquito of the family Culicidae
herrie	n	de	racket, loud noise (usually unwanted); quarrel, dispute, argument
uitputten	v	putte uit – uitgeput	to exhaust, to use up completely, to empty out (a resource); to exhaust, to drain (a person, physically or mentally)
Saksen	m		Saxony (a state of modern Germany, located in the east, far from historical…; Saxony (a historical region and former duchy in north-central Germany)
lemper	n	de · mv. lempers	an Indonesian snack, made of sticky rice and chicken or beef and other…
onderzeeër	n	de · mv. onderzeeërs	submarine (submersible boat)
boogschutter	n	de · mv. boogschutters	an archer (one who shoots an arrow from a bow or a bolt from a crossbow),…
scanderen	v	scandeerde – gescandeerd	to scan, to form a poetic metre by pronouncing out loud; to chant
najagen	v	joeg na – nagejaagd	to pursue
epigrammatist	n	de · mv. epigrammatisten	epigrammatist
doorboren	v	doorboorde – doorboord	to pierce, to broach; to drill a hole through; to continue drilling
belhamel	n	de · mv. belhamels	bellwether (the leading sheep of a flock, having a bell hung round its neck); tomboy, rascal
amuseren	v	amuseerde – geamuseerd	to amuse; to amuse oneself, to have fun
opengaan	v	ging open – opengegaan	to open
spatie	n	de · mv. spaties	space; spacebar
spatiebalk	n	de · mv. spatiebalken	space bar
metamorfose	n	de · mv. metamorfosen	metamorphosis, transformation; shapeshifting
schietlood	n	het · mv. schietloden	plummet (lead on a line), plumb, plumb bob, plumb line
krijten	v	kreet – gekreten	to cry aloud, shriek; to cry, weep; to draw or write with chalk
strikken	v	strikte – gestrikt	to tie (up a shoelace for example); to get (someone to do something for you); to ask to stay
logaritme	n	de/het · mv. logaritmen	logarithm (for a number x, the power to which a given base number must be…
asymptomatisch	a		asymptomatic (not exhibiting any symptoms of disease)
pimpelmees	n	de · mv. pimpelmezen	blue tit (Cyanistes caeruleus)
infantiel	a		infantile (like an infant; childish)
Berend	m		a male given name
uitgeve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitgeven
uitgaaft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitgeven
uitzet	n	de · mv. uitzetten	Household goods given to a newlywed couple; a trousseau or dowry
uitzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
doorlopen	v	doorliep – doorlopen	to go through, to go from start to end; to keep going, to move on, to carry on, to continue
doorlopend	d		continuously, all the time
doorliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of doorlopen (“to keep going”)
doorloop	n	de · mv. doorlopen	walkway, hallway
doorloop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorlopen (“to…
doorloopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
doorlope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorlopen (“to keep going”)
doorliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorlopen (“to keep going”)
doorliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorlopen…
alledaagsheid	n	de · mv. alledaagsheden	commonplace, ordinariness, doldrums
sms	n	de · mv. sms'en	SMS, a service for sending text messages on a cellular telephone system; a text message, an SMS message
farmen	v	farmde – gefarmd	to farm, to grind
verkouden	a		having a cold
verkouden	v	verkoudde – verkoud	to cool, chill, to make or become cold; to catch a cold
woordspeling	n	de · mv. woordspelingen	wordplay, a pun
oei	i		an expression of uncertainty or mild shock; similar to wow, oh dear, oh my, oy
wapperen	v	wapperde – gewapperd	to flutter, to wave about (such as hair)
hupsakee	i		hey presto, ta-da (when the result of one's work becomes apparent); upsadaisy, up you go
aanpakken	v	pakte aan – aangepakt	to take, to hold, to take over (when something is handed over); to deal with, to tackle (a problem)
aanpakke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanpakken
aanpakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanpakken
Slavisch	a		Slavic
oelewapper	n	de · mv. oelewappers	nincompoop, simpleton, numpty, fool
nijgen	v	neeg – genegen	to bow down (out of politeness); to curtsey
dienstplichtig	a		drafted, conscripted; liable to be drafted
nijg	a		impressive, fabulous
nijg	d		very; very well; hard
nijg	i		cool!
amazone	n	de · mv. amazones	female horse rider, female equestrian
proflecteren	v	proflecteerde – geproflecteerd	to do for someone else what you cannot do for yourself
zijgen	v	zeeg – gezegen	to slump, to fall down, to drop; to filter
roddelen	v	roddelde – geroddeld	to gossip
schokkend	a		shocking, upsetting
taalkundig	a		linguistic
trommelen	v	trommelde – getrommeld	to drum
Frits	m		a male given name
Bandung	m		Bandung (a city, the provincial capital of West Java, Indonesia)
nopen	v	noopte – genoopt	to force, to compel; to excite, to rouse, to stimulate
interveniëren	v	intervenieerde – geïntervenieerd	to intervene
deelgenoot	n	de · mv. deelgenoten	someone who shares something with you, an associate
Mongool	n	de · mv. Mongolen	a Mongol, someone from Mongolia
agogiek	n	de · mv. agogieken	a theoretic system of education, bildung or social work; agogic
ijlen	v	ijlde – geijld	to rave, babble, maunder (speak quickly and incoherently as if one were…; to hasten, hurry, rush
prolongeren	v	prolongeerde – geprolongeerd	to prolong, to lengthen, to extend
prolongatie	n	de · mv. prolongaties	prolongation, lengthening (especially the extension of a bank loan)
gevat	a		witty
tijgerin	n	de · mv. tijgerinnen	tigress
smeden	v	smeedde – gesmeed	to forge, hammer metal into shape; to make (a plan), plot
uitoefen	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitoefenen
uitoefene	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitoefenen
uitoefent	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitoefenen
vermoeien	v	vermoeide – vermoeid	to tire (to make sleepy)
kansloos	a		hopeless, (being) against the odds; pathetic, contemptible
onomkeerbaar	a		irreversible
tussendoor	p		in-between, through the middle of
tussendoor	d		in-between; in the meantime
ontfermen	v	ontfermde – ontfermd	to take pity
ongezien	a		unseen
algeheel	a		complete
hoepel	n	de · mv. hoepels	hoop; hula hoop; pushrim
uitsparing	n	de · mv. uitsparingen	recess, opening, hole
rioleren	v	rioleerde – gerioleerd	to furnish with sewerage
uitspaart	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitsparen
uitspaar	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitsparen
uitspare	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitsparen
verbrand	v		sunburnt
splinternieuw	a		brand new
baanbrekend	a		revolutionary, earthshaking (very innovative and important)
achterplan	n	het · mv. achterplannen	backstage; background
Rooms	a		Roman
margriet	n	de · mv. margrieten	oxeye daisy (Leucanthemum vulgare); Any plant of the genus Leucanthemum
Margriet	m		a female given name meaning “Daisy”, equivalent to English Margaret
madelief	n	het · mv. madelieven	common daisy (Bellis perennis)
Madelief	m		a female given name, which means Daisy
keramiek	n	de	ceramic
glimworm	n	de · mv. glimwormen	a firefly, beetle of the family Lampyridae, especially its grub
Beker	m		Crater
maatbeker	n	de · mv. maatbekers	measuring cup, measuring jug
vlootvoogd	n	de · mv. vlootvoogden	admiral, fleet commander
doofpot	n	de · mv. doofpotten	an old-fashioned metal canister with a tight lid, in which remaining coals…; a metaphorical place to put ideas or facts that one wishes to keep out of…
kijker	n	de · mv. kijkers	telescope; pair of binoculars; viewer (person who looks at something)
luieren	v	luierde – geluierd	to be lazy
rondom	p		around, round, in the vicinity of
heroveren	v	heroverde – heroverd	to recapture, retake, win back
aanspoelen	v	spoelde aan – aangespoeld	to drift/wash ashore
wolvin	n	de · mv. wolvinnen	she-wolf, female wolf
schaapsherder	n	de · mv. schaapsherders	a sheepherder
staatkunde	n	de	knowledge or competence in governance or politics, esp. at a national level;…; political philosophy, political theory, policy
staatkundig	a		political
staatkundig	d		politically
aftasten	v	tastte af – afgetast	to investigate/explore/inspect with the hands
gelei	n	de · mv. geleien	jelly (mass of gelatin or a similar substance)
Sabijn	n	de · mv. Sabijnen	a Sabine
vredesverdrag	n	het · mv. vredesverdragen	peace treaty
godvruchtig	a		God-fearing, devout, pious
godvruchtigheid	n	de	piousness
oorlogszuchtig	a		militant, belligerent
oorlogszuchtigheid	n	de · mv. oorlogszuchtigheden	belligerence
vetzucht	n	de	adiposity, obesity
drankzucht	n	de	alcoholism (addiction to alcohol)
vernielzucht	n	de	tendency to commit vandalism; a strong desire to destroy
bemoeizucht	n	de	intrusiveness, meddlesomeness; a strong desire to meddle with other people's…
Trojaan	n	de · mv. Trojanen	a Trojan
Trojaans	a		Trojan
Troje	m		the city of Troy
Romein	n	de · mv. Romeinen	a Roman (an inhabitant of Rome)
Romein	m		a male given name; a surname
Romeinse	n	de · mv. Romeinsen	a female Roman; a woman from Rome
afzet	n	de · mv. afzetten	sales (the totality of products or services sold in a given timeframe)
afzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
aanspoelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanspoelen
aanspoele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanspoelen
aanspoel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanspoelen
farmacoloog	n	de · mv. farmacologen	pharmacologist
terechtkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of terechtkomen
terechtkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terechtkomen
terechtkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terechtkomen
terechtkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of terechtkomen
terechtkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of terechtkomen
terechtkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terechtkomen
aftaste	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aftasten
aftast	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
schaker	n	de · mv. schakers	a chess player; a kidnapper, particularly of women or girls
etalagepop	n	de · mv. etalagepoppen	mannequin, especially one that is used on a storefront window
aanvult	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanvullen
aanvulle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanvullen
aanvul	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanvullen
zulle	n	de · mv. zullen	a horizontal structural member of a building near ground level bearing the…
zeshonderd	u		six hundred
wandelpad	n	het · mv. wandelpaden	a path for walking; a walkway, a trail, a footpath
mondharmonica	n	de · mv. mondharmonica's	harmonica
rondje	n	het · mv. rondjes	a round (usually of drinks) bought by someone, e.g. in a bar; an O in the game of tic-tac-toe
baarmoederhals	n	de · mv. baarmoederhalzen	cervix (between the uterus and the vagina)
Kreeft	m		Cancer
sterrenwichelaar	n	de · mv. sterrenwichelaars	astrologer
sterrenwichelarij	n	de · mv. sterrenwichelarijen	synonym of astrologie
wichelaar	n	de · mv. wichelaars	fortuneteller, diviner; dowser, one who uses a dowsing rod
astroloog	n	de · mv. astrologen	astrologer
baarmoederhalskanker	n	de	cervical cancer
schransen	v	schranste – geschranst	to consume excessively, to gormandize, to glutton
naboots	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nabootsen
geblaat	n	het	bleating
IP-adres	n	het · mv. IP-adressen	IP address
poëtisch	a		poetic
tussenbeide	d		in-between two conflicting parties (in order to end a conflict)
briefopener	n	de · mv. briefopeners	letter opener (knifelike device)
islamitisch	a		Islamic
zwavelzuurhydraat	n	het · mv. zwavelzuurhydraten	sulphuric hydrate, a form of sulphuric acid
uitgroeien	v	groeide uit – uitgegroeid	to develop, grow larger
verwaarlozen	v	verwaarloosde – verwaarloosd	to neglect
oftewel	c		or, also called
hervormen	v	hervormde – hervormd	to reform
patriciër	n	de · mv. patriciërs	member of the privileged founding families of Rome; holder of a high-ranking title during the dominate; a member of the urban elite (such as wealthy merchants or artisans) in a…
plebejer	n	de · mv. plebejers	a plebeian; a member of the lower social class
expansief	a		expansive
oorlogen	v	oorloogde – geoorloogd	to wage war
patricisch	a		patrician
soldij	n	de · mv. soldijen	remuneration paid to a soldier
uitbetalen	v	betaalde uit – uitbetaald	to pay out
Galliër	n	de · mv. Galliërs	Gaul (native or inhabitant of the historical region of Gaul, or poetically…
Gallisch	a		Gaulish
Gallisch	m		Gaulish (ancient Celtic language spoken in Gaul and other parts of Europe)
Gallië	m		Gaul (a historical region of Western Europe referring to areas occupied by…
tegenslag	n	de · mv. tegenslagen	setback, blow, misfortune
spreekgestoelte	n	het · mv. spreekgestoelten	a podium
afgezaagd	a		mundane, commonplace, trite
ramsteven	n	de · mv. ramstevens	ram bow, rostrum
buitmaken	v	maakte buit – buitgemaakt	to acquire through force, to capture, to loot
Carthaags	a		Carthaginian
Carthaags	m		synonym of Punisch (“Punic language”)
Feniciër	n	de · mv. Feniciërs	a Phoenician
Fenicië	m		Phoenicia
Carthager	n	de · mv. Carthagers	a Carthaginian
Numidiër	n	de · mv. Numidiërs	a Numidian
Numidië	m		Numidia (a historical region and ancient Berber kingdom located in North…; Numidia (a former province of the Roman Empire, approximately located in…
Numidisch	a		Numidian
Numidisch	m		Numidian (language spoken by the inhabitants of the ancient kingdom in…
legioen	n	het · mv. legioenen	large group of people or animals
hervorming	n	de · mv. hervormingen	reform
hervorming	m		Reformation
legionair	n	de · mv. legionairs	a legionnaire, a legionary
legionair	a		legionary, pertaining to a legion
ondermijnen	v	ondermijnde – ondermijnd	to undermine, subvert, sap
ondergraven	v	ondergroef – ondergraven	to sap, wear off from underneath; to subvert, undermine
imker	n	de · mv. imkers	beekeeper
uitgroei	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitgroeien
uitgroeie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitgroeien
uitgroeit	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitgroeien
hervormd	a		Reformed; (referring to the Netherlands) pertaining to the Dutch Reformed…; reformed
uitbreidt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbreiden
uitbreide	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitbreiden
uitbreid	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbreiden
uitbetaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbetalen
uitbetaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbetalen
uitbetale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitbetalen
inroep	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inroepen
inriep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inroepen
inriept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of inroepen
inroept	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inroepen
inriepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inroepen
inroepe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inroepen
inlijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inlijven
inlijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inlijven
inlijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inlijven
buitmaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of buitmaken
buitmaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of buitmaken
buitmake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of buitmaken
aanvielt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanvallen
aanvalle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanvallen
aanvalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanvallen
aanviel	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanvallen
aanviele	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanvallen
binnenviel	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of binnenvallen
binnenvielt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of binnenvallen
binnenval	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of binnenvallen
binnenviele	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of binnenvallen
binnenvalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of binnenvallen
binnenvalle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of binnenvallen
zegge	n	de · mv. zeggen	sedge (plant of genus Carex)
pyrrusoverwinning	n	de · mv. pyrrusoverwinningen	Pyrrhic victory
afsloege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afslaan
afsloegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afslaan
omslaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omslaan
omsloege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of omslaan
omsloegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of omslaan
omsloeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of omslaan
opsloegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opslaan
opsloege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opslaan
opsloeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opslaan
opslaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opslaan
neersloegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of neerslaan
neersloege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of neerslaan
afgingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afgaan
afging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afgaan
afgaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afgaan
afginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afgaan
aanslaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanslaan
aansloegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanslaan
aansloeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanslaan
aansloege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanslaan
oversloegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overslaan
overslaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overslaan
oversloeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overslaan
oversloege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overslaan
uitslaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitslaan
uitsloegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitslaan
uitsloeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitslaan
uitsloege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitslaan
toezei	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toezeggen
toezeidt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of toezeggen
toezegge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toezeggen
toezeg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toezeggen
toezegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toezeggen
toezeide	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toezeggen
opstondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opstaan
opstonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opstaan
toestonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toestaan
toestondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of toestaan
afstonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afstaan
afstondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afstaan
bijstonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of bijstaan
bijstond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of bijstaan
bijstondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of bijstaan
bijstaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijstaan
voorstaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorstaan
voorstonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voorstaan
voorstondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorstaan
voorstond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorstaan
uitstonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitstaan
uitstondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitstaan
uitstaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitstaan
uitstond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitstaan
stilstondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of stilstaan
stilstond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of stilstaan
stilstonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of stilstaan
stilstaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of stilstaan
ondergingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of ondergaan…
onderginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of ondergaan (“to go down”)
omgaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omgaan
omgingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of omgaan
omging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of omgaan
omginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of omgaan
achteruitgaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
achteruitging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of achteruitgaan
achteruitgingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of achteruitgaan
achteruitginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of achteruitgaan
uitgingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitgaan
uitgaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitgaan
uitging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitgaan
uitginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitgaan
doorging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorgaan
doorgingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorgaan
doorgaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorgaan
doorginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of doorgaan
voortgaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voortgaan
voortgingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voortgaan
voortging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voortgaan
voortginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voortgaan
teruggingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of teruggaan
terugginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of teruggaan
inginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of ingaan
ingingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of ingaan
vreemdginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of vreemdgaan
vreemdgaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vreemdgaan
vreemdging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of vreemdgaan
vreemdgingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of vreemdgaan
doodgingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of doodgaan
doodging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of doodgaan
doodgaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doodgaan
doodginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of doodgaan
tegenging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of tegengaan
tegengingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of tegengaan
tegengaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tegengaan
tegenginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of tegengaan
overginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overgaan
overgingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overgaan
voorafging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorafgaan
voorafgaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorafgaan
voorafgingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorafgaan
voorafginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voorafgaan
aanginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aangaan
aangaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aangaan
aangingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aangaan
aanging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aangaan
voorgingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorgaan
voorgaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorgaan
voorging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorgaan
voorginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voorgaan
opgingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opgaan
opginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opgaan
teloorgingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of teloorgaan
teloorginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of teloorgaan
teloorgaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of teloorgaan
teloorging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of teloorgaan
binnengingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of binnengaan
binnenging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of binnengaan
binnengaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of binnengaan
binnenginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of binnengaan
voorbijgingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorbijgaan
voorbijging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorbijgaan
voorbijginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voorbijgaan
voorbijgaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorbijgaan
weggingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of weggaan
wegginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of weggaan
wegging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of weggaan
weggaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of weggaan
onderhou	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of onderhouden…
onderhoude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of onderhouden (“to submerge”)
onderhieldt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of onderhouden…
onderhielde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of onderhouden (“to submerge”)
ophou	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophouden
ophoud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophouden
ophoudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophouden
ophoude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ophouden
ophield	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of ophouden
ophieldt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of ophouden
ophielde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of ophouden
huishou	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of huishouden
huishoud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of huishouden
huishoudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of huishouden
huishoude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of huishouden
huishield	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of huishouden
huishieldt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of huishouden
huishielde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of huishouden
bijeenhou	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijeenhouden
bijeenhoud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijeenhouden
bijeenhoudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijeenhouden
bijeenhoude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bijeenhouden
bijeenhield	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of bijeenhouden
bijeenhieldt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of bijeenhouden
bijeenhielde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of bijeenhouden
bezighou	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bezighouden
bezighoud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bezighouden
bezighoudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bezighouden
bezighoude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bezighouden
bezighield	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of bezighouden
bezighieldt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of bezighouden
bezighielde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of bezighouden
aanhou	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanhouden
aanhoude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanhouden
aanhieldt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanhouden
aanhielde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanhouden
volhou	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of volhouden
volhoude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of volhouden
volhieldt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of volhouden
volhielde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of volhouden
tegenhou	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tegenhouden
tegenhoud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tegenhouden
tegenhoudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tegenhouden
tegenhoude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of tegenhouden
tegenhield	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of tegenhouden
tegenhieldt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of tegenhouden
tegenhielde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of tegenhouden
vasthou	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vasthouden
vasthoud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vasthouden
vasthoudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vasthouden
vasthoude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vasthouden
vasthield	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of vasthouden
vasthieldt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of vasthouden
vasthielde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of vasthouden
voorbehou	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorbehouden
voorbehoud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorbehouden
voorbehoudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorbehouden
voorbehoude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voorbehouden
voorbehield	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorbehouden
voorbehieldt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorbehouden
voorbehielde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voorbehouden
stads	a		typical of cities or urbanites, especially in origin, mindset or customs, as…
inhou	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inhouden
inhoude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inhouden
inhieldt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of inhouden
inhielde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inhouden
uithou	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uithouden
uithoud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uithouden
uithoudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uithouden
uithoude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uithouden
uithield	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uithouden
uithieldt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uithouden
uithielde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uithouden
nahou	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nahouden
nahoud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nahouden
nahoudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nahouden
nahoude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of nahouden
nahield	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of nahouden
nahieldt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of nahouden
nahielde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of nahouden
bijhou	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijhouden
bijhoud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijhouden
bijhoudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijhouden
bijhoude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bijhouden
bijhield	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of bijhouden
bijhieldt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of bijhouden
bijhielde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of bijhouden
livrei	n	de · mv. livreien	a livery, fancy uniform in the employer's house colours, notably in domestic…
Steenbok	m		Capricornus; Capricorn
liefheb	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of liefhebben
liefhebt	v		second-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of liefhebben
liefhebbe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of liefhebben
liefhad	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of liefhebben
liefhadt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of liefhebben
liefhadde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of liefhebben
aanheb	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanhebben
aanhebbe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanhebben
aanhad	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanhebben
aanhadt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanhebben
aanhadde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanhebben
aanhebt	v		second-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanhebben
voorwas	n	de · mv. voorwassen	prewash
voorwas	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorzijn
voorwaart	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorzijn
voorware	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voorzijn
voorzij	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voorzijn
voorben	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorzijn
voorbent	v		second-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorzijn
voorzijt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorzijn
vooris	v		third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorzijn
aandeed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aandoen
aandede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aandoen
aandeedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aandoen
aandoet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aandoen
aankom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aankomen
aankwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aankomen
aankome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aankomen
aankomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aankomen
aankwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aankomen
aankwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aankomen
aanziet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanzien
aanzaagt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanzien
aanzage	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanzien
aanzag	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanzien
achteropkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of achteropkomen
achteropkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of achteropkomen
achteropkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of achteropkomen
achteropkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of achteropkomen
achteropkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
achteropkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of achteropkomen
afkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkomen
afkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afkomen
afkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afkomen
afkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afkomen
afkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkomen
afkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afkomen
afzage	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afzien
afzaagt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afzien
bezie	n	de · mv. bezies	berry
binnenkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of binnenkomen
binnenkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of binnenkomen
binnenkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of binnenkomen
binnenkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of binnenkomen
binnenkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of binnenkomen
binnenkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of binnenkomen
dichtdeed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of dichtdoen
dichtdoet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of dichtdoen
dichtdeedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of dichtdoen
dichtdede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of dichtdoen
doorzagen	v		to saw through; to grind on, to continue to nag about something
inzaagt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of inzien
inzage	n	de · mv. inzagen	quick inspection or examination
inzage	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inzien
inzag	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inzien
inzagen	v		to make a cut with a saw, Dutch zaag
inziet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inzien
klaarkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of klaarkomen
klaarkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of klaarkomen
klaarkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of klaarkomen
klaarkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of klaarkomen
klaarkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of klaarkomen
klaarkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of klaarkomen
meedoet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meedoen
meedeed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of meedoen
meedeedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of meedoen
meedede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of meedoen
meekome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of meekomen
meekwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of meekomen
meekwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of meekomen
meekom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meekomen
meekomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meekomen
meekwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of meekomen
plebeïsch	a		plebeian
nadeedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of nadoen
nadede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of nadoen
nadoet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nadoen
omkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omkomen
omkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of omkomen
omkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omkomen
omkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of omkomen
omkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of omkomen
omkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omkomen
opdoet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdoen
opdeed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opdoen
opdede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opdoen
opdeedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opdoen
opendoet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opendoen
opendede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opendoen
opendeedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opendoen
opendeed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opendoen
opkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opkomen
opkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opkomen
opkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opkomen
opkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opkomen
opkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opkomen
opkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opkomen
overdoet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overdoen
overdeedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overdoen
overdeed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overdoen
overdede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overdoen
overeenkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overeenkomen
overeenkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overeenkomen
overeenkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overeenkomen
overeenkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overeenkomen
overeenkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overeenkomen
overeenkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overeenkomen
overkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overkomen (“to seem; to visit”)
overkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
overkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overkomen (“to…
overkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overkomen (“to seem; to visit”)
overkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overkomen…
overkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overkomen (“to seem; to visit”)
samenkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of samenkomen
samenkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of samenkomen
samenkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of samenkomen
samenkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of samenkomen
samenkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenkomen
samenkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenkomen
tegemoetkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of tegemoetkomen
tegemoetkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
tegemoetkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of tegemoetkomen
schrikbewind	n	het · mv. schrikbewinden	reign of terror
tegemoetkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tegemoetkomen
tegemoetkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of tegemoetkomen
tegemoetkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of tegemoetkomen
tegenkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of tegenkomen
tegenkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tegenkomen
tegenkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of tegenkomen
tegenkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of tegenkomen
tegenkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tegenkomen
tegenkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of tegenkomen
terugkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugkomen
terugkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugkomen
terugkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of terugkomen
terugkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugkomen
terugkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugkomen
terugkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugkomen
terugziet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugzien
terugzage	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of terugzien
terugzaagt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugzien
terugzag	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugzien
thuiskome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of thuiskomen
thuiskwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of thuiskomen
thuiskom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of thuiskomen
thuiskomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of thuiskomen
thuiskwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of thuiskomen
toedeed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toedoen
toedede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toedoen
toedeedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of toedoen
toedoet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toedoen
ruilen	v	ruilde – geruild	to swap, to exchange; to trade, to barter
uitdeedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitdoen
uitdeed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitdoen
uitdoet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdoen
uitdede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitdoen
uitkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitkomen
uitkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitkomen
uitzage	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitzien
uitziet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitzien
uitzaagt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitzien
uitzag	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitzien
voordeed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voordoen
voordede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voordoen
voordeedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voordoen
voorkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorkomen…
voorkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voorkomen (“to exist; to happen”)
voortkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voortkomen
voortkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voortkomen
voortkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voortkomen
voortkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voortkomen
voortkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voortkomen
voortkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voortkomen
wegdoet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegdoen
wegdeedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of wegdoen
wegdede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of wegdoen
wegdeed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of wegdoen
uithuwelijken	v	huwelijkte uit – uitgehuwelijkt	to marry off, give away as husband or wife
bijdroege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of bijdragen
bijdraagt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijdragen
bijdroeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of bijdragen
bijdroegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of bijdragen
bijdraag	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijdragen
ingroeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of ingraven
ingraaf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ingraven
ingrave	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ingraven
ingroeve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of ingraven
ingroef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of ingraven
ingraaft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ingraven
overdroegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overdragen
overdroege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overdragen
uitdroegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitdragen
uitdrage	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitdragen
uitdraag	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdragen
uitdroege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitdragen
uitdroeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitdragen
uitdraagt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdragen
uitgraaf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitgraven
uitgraaft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitgraven
uitgrave	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitgraven
uitgroef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitgraven
uitgroeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitgraven
uitgroeve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitgraven
heerser	n	de · mv. heersers	a ruler, sovereign
voordrage	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voordragen
voordraagt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voordragen
voordroegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voordragen
voordroeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voordragen
voordraag	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voordragen
voordroege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voordragen
slabakken	v	slabakte – geslabakt	to slack (off)
aangave	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aangeven
aangaaft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aangeven
aangeve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aangeven
aanligge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanliggen
aanlage	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanliggen
aanlaagt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanliggen
aanlag	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanliggen
aanligt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanliggen
aanlig	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanliggen
aantreedt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aantreden
aantrad	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aantreden
aantrede	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aantreden
aantrede	n	de · mv. aantredes	tread: a horizontal part of a step on a staircase
aantraadt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aantreden
aantreed	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aantreden
aantrade	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aantreden
afgeve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afgeven
afgeeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afgeven
afgaf	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afgeven
afgeef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afgeven
afgave	n	de	contribution, the act of handing over; secretion, the act of secreting
afgave	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afgeven
afgaaft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afgeven
afmate	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afmeten
afmete	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afmeten
afmeet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
afmat	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afmeten; singular dependent-clause present indicative of afmatten
aftraadt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aftreden
aftrade	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aftreden
doorgaaft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorgeven
doorgave	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of doorgeven
dwarszate	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of dwarszitten
dwarszit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
dwarszat	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of dwarszitten
dwarszitte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of dwarszitten
chijl	n	de	chyle
verbeuzelen	v	verbeuzelde – verbeuzeld	to waste, fritter away
schrokken	v	schrokte – geschrokt	to devour, glut
uitwissele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitwisselen
uitwissel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitwisselen
uitwisselt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitwisselen
uithuwelijk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uithuwelijken
uithuwelijkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
uithuwelijke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uithuwelijken
uithuwe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uithuwen
uithuw	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uithuwen
uithuwt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uithuwen
terugtreed	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugtreden
terugtrede	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugtreden
terugtraadt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugtreden
terugtreedt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugtreden
terugtrade	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of terugtreden
terugtrad	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugtreden
toegeeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toegeven
toegeve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toegeven
toegaf	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toegeven
toegaaft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of toegeven
toegeef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toegeven
toegave	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toegeven
toetrad	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toetreden
toetreedt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toetreden
toetrade	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toetreden
toetreed	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toetreden
toetrede	n	de	accession
toetrede	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toetreden
toetraadt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of toetreden
vastzat	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of vastzitten
vastzit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
vastzitte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vastzitten
vastzate	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of vastzitten
voorlaast	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorlezen
voorleze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voorlezen
voorlas	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorlezen
voorleest	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorlezen
voorlees	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorlezen
voorlaze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voorlezen
vrijgaf	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of vrijgeven
vrijgeeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vrijgeven
vrijgaaft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of vrijgeven
vrijgeef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vrijgeven
vrijgeve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vrijgeven
vrijgave	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of vrijgeven
weergaaft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of weergeven
weergeve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of weergeven
afwierpt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afwerpen
afwerpe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afwerpen
afwierpe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afwerpen
afwerpt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afwerpen
afwerp	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afwerpen
afwierp	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afwerpen
afzwoere	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afzweren
afzweer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzweren
afzwoert	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afzweren
afzwere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afzweren
afzweert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzweren
afzwoer	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afzweren
bestorven	a		orphaned (not having parents)
omverwerp	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omverwerpen
omverwerpe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omverwerpen
omverwierpt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of omverwerpen
omverwierpe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of omverwerpen
omverwerpt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omverwerpen
opheffe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opheffen
ophieft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opheffen
ophieve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opheffen
overwegend	a		predominant
overwegend	d		mostly, mainly, predominantly
samenzweert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenzweren
samenzwoer	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of samenzweren
samenzwere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of samenzweren
samenzwoert	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of samenzweren
samenzwoere	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of samenzweren
samenzweer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenzweren
uitscheide	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitscheiden
uitscheid	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitscheiden
uitscheidt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitscheiden
uitscheed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitscheiden
uitscheedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitscheiden
uitschede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitscheiden
uitsterf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitsterven
uitstierf	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitsterven
uitstierve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitsterven
uitstierft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitsterven
uitsterve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitsterven
uitsterft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitsterven
zeik	n	de	only used in in de zeik nemen
aanhingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanhangen
aanhangt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanhangen
aanhing	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanhangen
aanhang	n	de	support, following, the totality of supporters; the collection of romantic partners of a group of friends / family; appendix (that which is appended)
aanhang	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanhangen
aanhange	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanhangen
aanhinge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanhangen
aanrade	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanraden
aanraadt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanraden
aanraad	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanraden
aanriede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanraden
aanried	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanraden
aanriedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanraden
aanroept	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanroepen
aanriep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanroepen
aanriept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanroepen
aanriepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanroepen
aanroep	n	de · mv. aanroepen	invocation, calling
aanroep	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanroepen
aanroepe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanroepen
aanvangt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanvangen
aanvingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanvangen
aanvange	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanvangen
aanving	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanvangen
aanvinge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanvangen
achterliete	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of achterlaten
afbliest	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afblazen
afblies	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afblazen
afblaze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afblazen
afblieze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afblazen
afblaast	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afblazen
afblaas	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afblazen
afhangt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afhangen
afhingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afhangen
afhange	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afhangen
afhang	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afhangen
afhinge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afhangen
afhing	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afhangen
aflope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aflopen
afliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aflopen
afliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aflopen
afrade	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afraden
afraad	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afraden
afraadt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afraden
afriede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afraden
afriedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afraden
afried	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afraden
afviel	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afvallen
afvalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afvallen
afvalle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afvallen
afviele	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afvallen
afvielt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afvallen
behang	n	het	wallpaper
bijeenroept	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijeenroepen
bijeenriep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of bijeenroepen
bijeenriepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of bijeenroepen
bijeenroepe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bijeenroepen
bijeenroep	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijeenroepen
bijeenriept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of bijeenroepen
bijviel	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of bijvallen
bijvalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijvallen
bijvielt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of bijvallen
bijviele	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of bijvallen
bijvalle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bijvallen
flauwvielt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of flauwvallen
flauwviel	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of flauwvallen
flauwvalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of flauwvallen
flauwviele	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of flauwvallen
flauwval	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of flauwvallen
flauwvalle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of flauwvallen
hardliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of hardlopen
hardlope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of hardlopen
hardloopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of hardlopen
hardliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of hardlopen
hardloop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of hardlopen
hardliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of hardlopen
inslaap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inslapen
inslape	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inslapen
inslaapt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inslapen
insliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of inslapen
insliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inslapen
insliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inslapen
invange	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of invangen
invinge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of invangen
invingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of invangen
losliete	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of loslaten
losliet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of loslaten
loslate	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of loslaten
loslaat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
meeviel	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of meevallen
meevalle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of meevallen
meevielt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of meevallen
meeviele	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of meevallen
meevalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meevallen
meeval	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meevallen
nalaat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
nalate	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of nalaten
naliete	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of nalaten
naliet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of nalaten
omliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of omlopen
omliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of omlopen
omlope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omlopen
omroepe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omroepen
omriep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of omroepen
omriepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of omroepen
omriept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of omroepen
omroept	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omroepen
onderliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of onderlopen
onderlope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of onderlopen
onderliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of onderlopen
opblies	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opblazen
opblaast	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opblazen
opblieze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opblazen
opblaas	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opblazen
opblaze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opblazen
opbliest	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opblazen
opdraag	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdragen
opdroegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opdragen
opdroeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opdragen
opdraagt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdragen
opdroege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opdragen
opdrage	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opdragen
ophingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of ophangen
ophinge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of ophangen
ophangt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophangen
ophang	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophangen
ophange	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ophangen
opliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of oplopen
oploop	n	de · mv. oplopen	a more or less spontaneous gathering at some location, often implying…
oploop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oplopen
opliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of oplopen
opliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of oplopen
oplope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oplopen
oploopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oplopen
opriept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of oproepen
opriep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of oproepen
oproept	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oproepen
opriepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of oproepen
oproepe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oproepen
opvielt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opvallen
opvalle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opvallen
opviele	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opvallen
opvinge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opvangen
opvingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opvangen
opvange	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opvangen
overliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overlopen
overlope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overlopen
overliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overlopen
overval	n	de · mv. overvallen	robbery, hold-up
rondloopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of rondlopen
rondliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of rondlopen
rondliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of rondlopen
rondliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of rondlopen
rondlope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of rondlopen
rondloop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of rondlopen
samenhange	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of samenhangen
samenhing	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of samenhangen
samenhangt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenhangen
samenhinge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of samenhangen
samenhingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of samenhangen
samenroept	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenroepen
samenriep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of samenroepen
samenroep	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenroepen
samenriept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of samenroepen
samenroepe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of samenroepen
samenriepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of samenroepen
tegenviele	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of tegenvallen
tegenvalle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of tegenvallen
tegenval	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tegenvallen
tegenvalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tegenvallen
tegenvielt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of tegenvallen
tegenviel	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of tegenvallen
terugloop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of teruglopen
terugliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of teruglopen
terugloopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of teruglopen
teruglope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of teruglopen
terugliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of teruglopen
terugliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of teruglopen
terugvalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugvallen
terugvalle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugvallen
terugvielt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugvallen
terugviel	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugvallen
terugviele	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of terugvallen
toelate	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toelaten
toeliete	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toelaten
toeloopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toelopen
toeliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toelopen
toelope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toelopen
toeliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of toelopen
toeliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toelopen
uitbliest	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitblazen
uitblaas	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitblazen
uitblaze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitblazen
uitblieze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitblazen
uitblaast	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitblazen
uitblies	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitblazen
uiteenloop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uiteenlopen
uiteenliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uiteenlopen
uiteenloopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uiteenlopen
uiteenlope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uiteenlopen
uiteenliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uiteenlopen
uiteenliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uiteenlopen
uiteenviel	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uiteenvallen
uiteenvielt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uiteenvallen
uiteenval	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uiteenvallen
uiteenviele	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uiteenvallen
uiteenvalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uiteenvallen
uiteenvalle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uiteenvallen
uithieuw	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uithouwen
uithouw	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uithouwen
uithouwe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uithouwen
uithouwt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uithouwen
uithieuwe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uithouwen
uithieuwt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uithouwen
uitgelaten	a		exuberant, ebullient, elated
uitliete	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitlaten
uitliet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitlaten
uitlate	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitlaten
uitroepe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitroepen
uitriept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitroepen
uitriepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitroepen
uitroept	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitroepen
uitriep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitroepen
uitroep	n	de · mv. uitroepen	an exclamation
uitroep	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitroepen
uitslape	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitslapen
uitslaap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitslapen
uitsliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitslapen
uitslaapt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitslapen
uitsliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitslapen
uitsliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitslapen
uitstote	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitstoten
uitstiet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitstoten
uitstiete	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitstoten
uitvalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitvallen
uitvalle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitvallen
uitviel	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitvallen
uitviele	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitvallen
uitvielt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitvallen
uitval	n	de · mv. uitvallen	loss, (the act of) falling out; dropout; malfunction, disruption
uitval	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitvallen
vastliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of vastlopen
vastliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of vastlopen
vastloop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vastlopen
vastlope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vastlopen
vastloopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vastlopen
vastliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of vastlopen
volloopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vollopen
volliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of vollopen
volloop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vollopen
volliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of vollopen
volliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of vollopen
vollope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vollopen
voorhange	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voorhangen
voorhangt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorhangen
voorhing	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorhangen
voorhinge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voorhangen
voorhingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorhangen
vrijliete	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of vrijlaten
vrijliet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of vrijlaten
vrijlaat	n	de · mv. vrijlaten	a freed serf, a freedman
vrijlaat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
vrijlate	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vrijlaten
wegliete	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of weglaten
weglaat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
wegliet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of weglaten
weglate	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of weglaten
gevang	n	het · mv. gevangen	prison
aanbevale	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanbevelen
aanbevele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanbevelen
aanbevaalt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanbevelen
aanbreek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanbreken
aanbreekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanbreken
aanbraakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanbreken
aanbrake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanbreken
aanbrak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanbreken
aanbreke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanbreken
aannaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aannemen
aansprake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanspreken
aanspraakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanspreken
aansprak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanspreken
aanspreek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanspreken
aanspreke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanspreken
aanspreekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanspreken
aansteekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aansteken
aansteke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aansteken
aanstaakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aansteken
aanstak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aansteken
aanstake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aansteken
afbreekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afbreken
afbrak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afbreken
afbreek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afbreken
afbreke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afbreken
afbrake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afbreken
afbraakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afbreken
afnaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afnemen
afneme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afnemen
afspreek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afspreken
afspraakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afspreken
afspreke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afspreken
afsprake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afspreken
afspreekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afspreken
afsprak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afspreken
afsteke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afsteken
afstake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afsteken
afstaakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afsteken
bespraakt	a		eloquent
deelnaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of deelnemen
doorbraakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorbreken…
doorbreek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorbreken (“to…
doorbreke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorbreken (“to break in…
doorbreekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
doorbrake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of doorbreken (“to break in half…
doorbrak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorbreken (“to break in half…
innaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of innemen
kwaadsprak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of kwaadspreken
kwaadsprake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of kwaadspreken
kwaadspraakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of kwaadspreken
kwaadspreekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of kwaadspreken
kwaadspreke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of kwaadspreken
kwaadspreek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of kwaadspreken
meeneemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meenemen
meenaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of meenemen
meename	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of meenemen
meeneem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meenemen
meeneme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of meenemen
opnaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opnemen
overnaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overnemen
overstaakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of oversteken
overstake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of oversteken
tegenspraakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of tegenspreken
tegensprak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of tegenspreken
tegenspreekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tegenspreken
tegenspreek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tegenspreken
tegensprake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of tegenspreken
tegenspreke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of tegenspreken
toenaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of toenemen
toeneme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toenemen
uitname	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitnemen
uitneme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitnemen
uitnaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitnemen
uitspreek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitspreken
uitsprak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitspreken
uitspraakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitspreken
uitspreke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitspreken
uitsprake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitspreken
uitspreekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitspreken
uitsteekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitsteken
uitstak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitsteken
uitstake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitsteken
uitsteke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitsteken
uitstaakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitsteken
uitsteek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitsteken
vrijspreekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vrijspreken
vrijsprake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of vrijspreken
vrijsprak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of vrijspreken
vrijspraakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of vrijspreken
vrijspreek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vrijspreken
vrijspreke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vrijspreken
waarneme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of waarnemen
waarnaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of waarnemen
waarname	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of waarnemen
wegnaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of wegnemen
wegname	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of wegnemen
zelfingenomen	a		self-complacent, self-satisfied, smug
aanbode	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanbieden
aanboodt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanbieden
aanslote	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aansluiten
aansluite	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aansluiten
afboog	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afbuigen
afbuige	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afbuigen
afboogt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afbuigen
afbuig	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afbuigen
afbuigt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afbuigen
afboge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afbuigen
afslote	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afsluiten
afsluite	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afsluiten
afsluit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
afsloot	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afsluiten
buitensloot	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of buitensluiten
buitensluit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
buitensluite	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of buitensluiten
buitenslote	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of buitensluiten
induik	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of induiken
induike	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of induiken
indoke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of induiken
indook	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of induiken
indookt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of induiken
induikt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of induiken
insloot	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of insluiten
inslote	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of insluiten
insluite	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of insluiten
insluit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
invriest	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of invriezen
invrieze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of invriezen
invrore	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of invriezen
invroor	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of invriezen
invries	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of invriezen
invroort	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of invriezen
gebod	n	het · mv. geboden	commandment; order
loog	n	het	lye (an alkaline)
logen	v	loogde – geloogd	to leach, to lime
neerbuige	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of neerbuigen
neerboogt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of neerbuigen
neerboge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of neerbuigen
neerbuig	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neerbuigen
neerboog	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of neerbuigen
neerbuigt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neerbuigen
opduike	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opduiken
opduik	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opduiken
opdookt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opduiken
opdook	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opduiken
opduikt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opduiken
opdoke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opduiken
opschoot	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opschieten
opschote	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opschieten
opschiet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
opschiete	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opschieten
opslote	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opsluiten
opsluit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
opsloot	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opsluiten
opsluite	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opsluiten
opsnove	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opsnuiven
opsnoof	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opsnuiven
opsnuif	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opsnuiven
opsnooft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opsnuiven
opsnuive	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opsnuiven
opsnuift	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opsnuiven
riek	n	de · mv. rieken	pitchfork
stoof	n	de · mv. stoven	foot stove
terugvloogt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugvliegen
terugvloog	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugvliegen
terugvliegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugvliegen
terugvloge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of terugvliegen
terugvlieg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugvliegen
terugvliege	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugvliegen
uitkiest	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitkiezen
uitkies	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitkiezen
uitkoos	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitkiezen
uitkoze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitkiezen
uitkieze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitkiezen
uitkoost	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitkiezen
uitsluite	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitsluiten
uitslote	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitsluiten
uitsluit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
uitsloot	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitsluiten
verschiet	n	het	the distance, place far away; the future
verschoven	v		to sheafify
vliet	n	de · mv. vlieten	body of moving water; stream, river, creek
wegslope	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of wegsluipen
wegsloop	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of wegsluipen
wegsluipt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegsluipen
wegsluip	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegsluipen
wegsluipe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of wegsluipen
wegsloopt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of wegsluipen
ziedend	a		furious, very angry, seething
zode	n	de · mv. zoden	turf, sod
buikpijn	n	de · mv. buikpijnen	bellyache, stomachache
moduleren	v	moduleerde – gemoduleerd	to modulate
gulheid	n	de · mv. gulheden	munificence, generosity
royaliteit	n	de · mv. royaliteiten	generosity, munificence
loyaliteit	n	de · mv. loyaliteiten	loyalty, allegiance
royaal	a		generous, munificent; copious, lavish; large, huge
vrijgevig	a		generous
loyaal	a		loyal
hockeyer	n	de · mv. hockeyers	hockey player
hagiografie	n	de · mv. hagiografieën	hagiography
faseren	v	faseerde – gefaseerd	to phase, to divide into several gradual steps
onbekwaam	a		unable, incapable, incompetent
accelereren	v	accelereerde – geaccelereerd	to accelerate
onwil	n	de	unwillingness, unwill
perenvuur	n	het	fire blight (plant disease)
bacterievuur	n	het	fire blight (plant disease caused by Erwinia amylovora)
belijder	n	de · mv. belijders	confessor
associëren	v	associeerde – geassocieerd	to associate
axiologisch	a		axiological
overwicht	n	het	dominance, prevalence, ascendancy, superiority
prevalentie	n	de · mv. prevalenties	prevalence, supremacy
Angelsaksisch	a		Anglo-Saxon (pertaining to the West-Germanic peoples in early mediaeval…; Anglo-Saxon (pertaining to English-speaking countries or cultures,…
Angelsaksisch	m		the Anglo-Saxon language (Old English); the English language
behoeder	n	de · mv. behoeders	protector
treffend	a		apt, apposite, appropriate, poignant; striking, salient; affecting, touching, moving, poignant
aandringe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aandringen
aandrong	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aandringen
aandronge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aandringen
aandring	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aandringen
aandringt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aandringen
aandrongt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aandringen
aantroffe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aantreffen
aantreft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aantreffen
aantreffe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aantreffen
aantref	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aantreffen
aantroft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aantreffen
aantrokke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aantrekken
aantrokt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aantrekken
aanvechte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanvechten
aanvocht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanvechten
aanvecht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
aanvochte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanvechten
aanzwel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanzwellen
aanzwolt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanzwellen
aanzwolle	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanzwellen
aanzwelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanzwellen
aanzwelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanzwellen
aanzwol	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanzwellen
afding	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdingen
afdong	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afdingen
afdinge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afdingen
afdongt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afdingen
afdonge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afdingen
afdingt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdingen
afdwingt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdwingen
afdwongt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afdwingen
afdwing	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdwingen
afdwinge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afdwingen
afdwonge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afdwingen
afdwong	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afdwingen
aftrokke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aftrekken
aftrokt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aftrekken
aftrekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aftrekken
afzend	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzenden
afzondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afzenden
afzende	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afzenden
afzonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afzenden
afzond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afzenden
afzendt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzenden
bevrijder	n	de · mv. bevrijders	liberator
onthaal	n	het · mv. onthalen	welcome
ruien	v	ruide – geruid	to moult, to shed (of animals; lose a covering of fur, feathers or skin etc.)
gebonden	a		tied-up, having no freedom, bound, constrained; married
binnentrekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of binnentrekken
binnentrokt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of binnentrekken
binnentrokke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of binnentrekken
dichtbindt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of dichtbinden
dichtbond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of dichtbinden
dichtbonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of dichtbinden
dichtbind	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of dichtbinden
dichtbinde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of dichtbinden
dichtbondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of dichtbinden
doordrongt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of doordringen…
doordringe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doordringen (“to penetrate…
doordronge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of doordringen (“to penetrate…
lenig	a		supple, agile (e.g. like a gymnast)
inkrimpt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inkrimpen
inkrompe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inkrimpen
inkrimpe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inkrimpen
inkromp	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inkrimpen
inkrimp	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inkrimpen
inkrompt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of inkrimpen
inschonke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inschenken
inschenk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inschenken
inschonk	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inschenken
inschenke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inschenken
inschenkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inschenken
inschonkt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of inschenken
instinke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of instinken
instink	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of instinken
instonkt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of instinken
instonk	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of instinken
instonke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of instinken
inzond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inzenden
inzendt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inzenden
inzonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inzenden
inzend	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inzenden
inzende	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inzenden
inzondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of inzenden
klink	n	de · mv. klinken	latch; handle (on a door)
kromp	n	de · mv. krompen	A mollusc of the family Arcticidae, such as a quahog
repetitie	n	de · mv. repetities	test; repetition; rehearsal
introkt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of intrekken
intrekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of intrekken
introk	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of intrekken
intrek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of intrekken
introkke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of intrekken
intrekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of intrekken
vergezicht	n	het · mv. vergezichten	panorama, vista; vision of the future
keizerlijk	a		imperial
repeteren	v	repeteerde – gerepeteerd	to repeat; to rehearse
instuderen	v	studeerde in – ingestudeerd	to rehearse (for a performance)
gespuis	n	het	riffraff, the common people; playful and mischievous children
gezagsdrager	n	de · mv. gezagsdragers	an authority figure, someone who represents the authority (e.g. someone…
funderen	v	fundeerde – gefundeerd	to found, to place a foundation under; to found, to establish
levensmoe	a		tired of life, world-weary
adstrueren	v	adstrueerde – geadstrueerd	to substantiate, to elucidate
toelichten	v	lichtte toe – toegelicht	to shed light upon, explain
asferisch	a		aspherical
lijmerig	a		viscous, adhesive
huisgemaakt	a		homemade
dialectologie	n	de	dialectology (the study of dialects)
Beringzee	m		Bering Sea
Anneke	m		a diminutive of the female given name Anne
slapeloosheid	n	de · mv. slapeloosheden	insomnia
Annelies	m		a female given name: compound of Anne and Lies
mandril	n	de · mv. mandrillen	a mandrill (Mandrillus sphinx)
instudeer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of instuderen
instudeert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of instuderen
instudere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of instuderen
toelicht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
toelichte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toelichten
uitlegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitleggen
uitlegge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitleggen
uitblinke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitblinken
uitblonkt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitblinken
uitblonk	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitblinken
uitblinkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitblinken
uitblink	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitblinken
uitblonke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitblinken
uitschelde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitschelden
uitscholde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitschelden
uitschold	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitschelden
uitscheld	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitschelden
uitscheldt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitschelden
uitscholdt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitschelden
uittrekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uittrekken
uittrokke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uittrekken
uittrok	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uittrekken
uittrekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uittrekken
uittrek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uittrekken
uittrokt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uittrekken
uitvond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitvinden
uitvinde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitvinden
uitvonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitvinden
uitvind	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitvinden
uitvindt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitvinden
uitvondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitvinden
uitwronge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitwringen
uitwring	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitwringen
uitwrong	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitwringen
uitwringe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitwringen
uitwrongt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitwringen
uitwringt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitwringen
uitzondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitzenden
uitzendt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitzenden
uitzond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitzenden
uitzende	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitzenden
uitzonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitzenden
uitzend	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitzenden
winde	n	de · mv. winden	windlass; bindweed (Convolvulus or Calystegia)
vastbindt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vastbinden
vastbond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of vastbinden
vastbondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of vastbinden
vastbinde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vastbinden
vastbonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of vastbinden
vastbind	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vastbinden
aanbleve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanblijven
aanblijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanblijven
aanblijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanblijven
aanbleef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanblijven
aanbleeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanblijven
aanblijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanblijven
aandreve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aandrijven
aandreeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aandrijven
aangreept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aangrijpen
aangrijp	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aangrijpen
aangreep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aangrijpen
aangrepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aangrijpen
aangrijpend	a		touching, moving
aangrijpt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aangrijpen
aangrijpe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aangrijpen
aanprijst	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanprijzen
aanprijze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanprijzen
aanpreze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanprijzen
aanpreest	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanprijzen
aanprees	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanprijzen
aanprijs	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanprijzen
aanwijze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanwijzen
aanweest	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanwijzen
aanweze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanwijzen
aanwreef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanwrijven
aanwrijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanwrijven
aanwrijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanwrijven
aanwrijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanwrijven
aanwreve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanwrijven
aanwreeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanwrijven
achterblijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of achterblijven
achterbleef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of achterblijven
achterblijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of achterblijven
achterbleve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of achterblijven
achterblijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
achterbleeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of achterblijven
achteromkijke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of achteromkijken
achteromkeke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of achteromkijken
achteromkeekt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of achteromkijken
achteromkijkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
achteromkijk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of achteromkijken
achteromkeek	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of achteromkijken
afbijt	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
afbete	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afbijten
afbeet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afbijten
afbijte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afbijten
afweke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afwijken
afwijke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afwijken
afweekt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afwijken
afwijze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afwijzen
afweest	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afwijzen
afweze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afwijzen
bijtend	a		caustic, corrosive; biting, caustic, sarcastic
doorsneed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorsnijden (“to keep cutting;…
doorsnijde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorsnijden (“to keep…
doorsnijd	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorsnijden…
doorsnijdt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
doorsneedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorsnijden…
ingreept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of ingrijpen
ingrijp	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ingrijpen
ingrepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of ingrijpen
ingrijpend	a		radical, thoroughgoing
ingrijpt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ingrijpen
ingrijpe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ingrijpen
inschreeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of inschrijven
inschrijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inschrijven
inschrijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inschrijven
inschrijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inschrijven
inschreve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inschrijven
inschreef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inschrijven
neerkeek	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of neerkijken
neerkeekt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of neerkijken
neerkijkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neerkijken
neerkeke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of neerkijken
neerkijke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of neerkijken
neerkijk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neerkijken
neerschrijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of neerschrijven
neerschrijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
neerschreve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of neerschrijven
neerschreeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of neerschrijven
neerschrijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neerschrijven
neerschreef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of neerschrijven
omrijde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omrijden
omreedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of omrijden
omrijd	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omrijden
omrijdt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omrijden
omreed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of omrijden
omrede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of omrijden
opkijkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opkijken
opkeekt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opkijken
opkeke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opkijken
opkeek	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opkijken
opkijke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opkijken
opkijk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opkijken
oprijst	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oprijzen
oprees	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of oprijzen
oprijze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oprijzen
opreest	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of oprijzen
opreze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of oprijzen
oprijs	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oprijzen
opschreeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opschrijven
opschreef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opschrijven
opschreve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opschrijven
opschrijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opschrijven
opschrijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opschrijven
opschrijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opschrijven
opstege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opstijgen
opsteeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opstijgen
opstijgt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opstijgen
opstijge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opstijgen
opstijg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opstijgen
opsteegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opstijgen
overblijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overblijven
overbleeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overblijven
overbleve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overblijven
overdrijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overdrijven (“to float over”)
overdrijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
overdrijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overdrijven…
overdreef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overdrijven (“to float over”)
overdreeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overdrijven…
overdreve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overdrijven (“to float over”)
overschrijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overschrijven
overschrijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
overschreef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overschrijven
overschreve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overschrijven
overschrijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overschrijven
overschreeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overschrijven
schrede	n	de · mv. schreden	a step, stride
Lens	m		a surname
multilateraal	a		multilateral
terugkeek	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugkijken
terugkeke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of terugkijken
terugkeekt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugkijken
terugkijkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugkijken
terugkijk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugkijken
terugkijke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugkijken
terugkreegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugkrijgen
terugkreeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugkrijgen
terugkrijge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugkrijgen
terugkrege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of terugkrijgen
terugkrijg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugkrijgen
terugkrijgt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugkrijgen
toebete	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toebijten
toebeet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toebijten
toebijt	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
toebijte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toebijten
toekeke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toekijken
toekijkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toekijken
toekeek	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toekijken
toekijk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toekijken
toekijke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toekijken
toekeekt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of toekijken
toeschreeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of toeschrijven
toeschrijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toeschrijven
toeschreve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toeschrijven
toeschrijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toeschrijven
toeschrijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toeschrijven
toeschreef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toeschrijven
toewijze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toewijzen
toewijs	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toewijzen
toewees	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toewijzen
toeweest	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of toewijzen
toeweze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toewijzen
uitbleeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitblijven
uitbleve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitblijven
uitblijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitblijven
uitglijde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitglijden
uitgleed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitglijden
uitgleedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitglijden
uitglijd	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitglijden
uitglijdt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitglijden
uitglede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitglijden
uitkeke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitkijken
uitkijke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitkijken
uitkeekt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitkijken
uitscheent	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitschijnen
uitschene	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitschijnen
uitschijne	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitschijnen
uitschreef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitschrijven
uitschreeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitschrijven
uitschreve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitschrijven
uitschrijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitschrijven
uitschrijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitschrijven
uitschrijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitschrijven
uitslepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitslijpen
uitslijpt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitslijpen
uitslijpe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitslijpen
uitsleept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitslijpen
uitslijp	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitslijpen
uitsleep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitslijpen
uitweekt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitwijken
uitwijkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitwijken
uitweek	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitwijken
uitweke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitwijken
uitwijk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitwijken
uitwijke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitwijken
uitweest	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitwijzen
uitwijze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitwijzen
uitweze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitwijzen
roge	n	de · mv. rogen	roe
voorschrijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voorschrijven
voorschrijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
voorschreve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voorschrijven
voorschreeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorschrijven
voorschrijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorschrijven
voorschreef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorschrijven
voortschreed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voortschrijden
voortschrede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voortschrijden
voortschrijdt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
voortschrijd	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voortschrijden
voortschrijde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voortschrijden
voortschreedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voortschrijden
aanbak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanbakken
aanbakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanbakken
aanbakke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanbakken
aanlacht	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanlachen
aanlach	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanlachen
aanlache	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanlachen
afjaag	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afjagen
afjaagt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afjagen
afjage	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afjagen
afjoegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afjagen
afjoeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afjagen
afjoege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afjagen
afscheidt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afscheiden
afscheide	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afscheiden
afwasse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afwassen
afwast	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afwassen
najaag	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of najagen
najoegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of najagen
najoeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of najagen
najage	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of najagen
najoege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of najagen
najaagt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of najagen
oplaad	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opladen
oplaadt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opladen
oplade	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opladen
opspant	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opspannen
opspan	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opspannen
opspanne	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opspannen
schoonwasse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of schoonwassen
schoonwas	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of schoonwassen
schoonwast	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of schoonwassen
uitlache	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitlachen
uitlach	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitlachen
uitlacht	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitlachen
welvare	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of welvaren
welvaar	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of welvaren
witwas	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of witwassen
witwasse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of witwassen
witwast	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of witwassen
aanbrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanbrengen
aanbrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanbrengen
aanbracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanbrengen
aanbrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanbrengen
aankochte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aankopen
aankope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aankopen
aankoopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aankopen
aankocht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aankopen
afkoop	n	de	redemption, commutation, surrender
afkoop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkopen
afkope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afkopen
afkochte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afkopen
afkocht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afkopen
afkoopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkopen
doorbrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of doorbrengen
doorbrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorbrengen
grootbracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of grootbrengen
grootbrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of grootbrengen
grootbrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of grootbrengen
grootbrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of grootbrengen
grootbreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of grootbrengen
meebreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meebrengen
meebrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of meebrengen
meebracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of meebrengen
meebrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meebrengen
meebrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of meebrengen
nadenkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nadenken
nadacht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of nadenken
nadenke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of nadenken
nadachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of nadenken
nadenk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nadenken
ombracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of ombrengen
ombrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ombrengen
ombreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ombrengen
ombrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of ombrengen
ombrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ombrengen
omkocht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of omkopen
omkope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omkopen
omkoopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omkopen
omkoop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omkopen
omkochte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of omkopen
onderbrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of onderbrengen
onderbreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of onderbrengen
onderbrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of onderbrengen
onderbracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of onderbrengen
onderbrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of onderbrengen
opbracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opbrengen
opbrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opbrengen
opbrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opbrengen
opbrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opbrengen
opbreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opbrengen
opzochte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opzoeken
opzoekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opzoeken
opzocht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opzoeken
opzoeke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opzoeken
opzoek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opzoeken
overbrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overbrengen
overbracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overbrengen
overbrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overbrengen
overbreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overbrengen
overbrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overbrengen
terugbrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugbrengen
terugbrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of terugbrengen
terugbracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugbrengen
terugbrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugbrengen
terugbreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugbrengen
teweegbracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of teweegbrengen
teweegbreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of teweegbrengen
teweegbrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
teweegbrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of teweegbrengen
teweegbrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of teweegbrengen
toebrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toebrengen
toebrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toebrengen
toebrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toebrengen
toebreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toebrengen
toebracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toebrengen
toedenke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toedenken
toedenkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toedenken
toedachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toedenken
toedacht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toedenken
toedenk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toedenken
uitbrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitbrengen
uitdenk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdenken
uitdacht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitdenken
uitdenke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitdenken
uitdenkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdenken
uitdachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitdenken
uitverkoopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitverkopen
uitverkope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitverkopen
uitverkoop	n	de · mv. uitverkopen	sale (a period of reduced prices)
uitverkoop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitverkopen
uitverkochte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitverkopen
uitzocht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitzoeken
uitzoeke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitzoeken
uitzoekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitzoeken
uitzochte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitzoeken
uitzoek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitzoeken
vaseline	n	de · mv. vaselines	vaseline, petroleum jelly, petrolatum
nagaan	v	ging na – nagegaan	to check, to verify
Glagolitisch	a		Glagolitic
academicus	n	de · mv. academicussen	an academic; an academician
cheffin	n	de · mv. cheffinnen	a female boss; a female chef, a female head cook
aanzitten	v	zat aan – aangezeten	to get ready to dine; to sit down at a table (to eat)
overdadig	a		excessive
kleerkast	n	de · mv. kleerkasten	wardrobe; a well-built and strong man
springplank	n	de · mv. springplanken	springboard; something that serves as a medium for someone to achieve a higher goal; a…
kluif	n	de · mv. kluiven	a chunk (of meat with bone); a difficult task
kluiven	v	kloof – gekloven	to gnaw, to nibble; to bite (a piece of meat) into smaller chunks
wemelen	v	wemelde – gewemeld	to teem with, to be abound with, to be filled with
muurbloem	n	de · mv. muurbloemen	wallflower (Erysimum cheiri syn. Cheiranthus cheiri); a woman or a girl that isn't asked for a dance (and therefore only stands…
verorberen	v	verorberde – verorberd	to eat up (usually avariciously)
personaliseren	v	personaliseerde – gepersonaliseerd	to personalize
profiel	n	het · mv. profielen	profile (such as an online profile); profile (view from the side); high school specialization
diversen	n		miscellanies, sundry items
dras	a		marshy, boggy
residentie	n	de · mv. residenties	residence (usually of someone with important political or social status such…
aanzet	n	de · mv. aanzetten	first beginning, early incomplete draft; first impulse, initial push
aanzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
aanzat	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanzitten
aanzitte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanzitten
aanzate	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanzitten
aanzit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
aanrake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanraken
aanraakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanraken
aanraak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanraken
omwinde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omwinden (“to wrap around…
omwondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of omwinden…
omwond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of omwinden (“to wrap around…
omwind	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omwinden (“to…
omwindt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omwinden…
omwonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of omwinden (“to wrap around…
opdring	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdringen
opdrong	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opdringen
opdringe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opdringen
opdronge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opdringen
opdringt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdringen
opdrongt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opdringen
opspringe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opspringen
opsprong	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opspringen
opspronge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opspringen
opspring	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opspringen
opspringt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opspringen
opsprongt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opspringen
optrokt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of optrekken
optrekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of optrekken
optrek	n	de · mv. optrekken	an abode, a residence
optrek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of optrekken
optrekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of optrekken
optrok	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of optrekken
optrokke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of optrekken
opwindt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opwinden
opwonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opwinden
opwond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opwinden
opwinde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opwinden
opwondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opwinden
opwindend	a		exciting, thrilling, exhilarating
opwind	n	de · mv. opwinden	updraft, updraught, lift
opwind	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opwinden
opzwolt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opzwellen
opzwelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opzwellen
opzwol	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opzwellen
opzwolle	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opzwellen
opzwelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opzwellen
opzwel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opzwellen
plaatsvinde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of plaatsvinden
plaatsvonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of plaatsvinden
plaatsvind	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of plaatsvinden
plaatsvindt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of plaatsvinden
plaatsvond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of plaatsvinden
plaatsvondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of plaatsvinden
rondtrok	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of rondtrekken
rondtrokt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of rondtrekken
rondtrek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of rondtrekken
rondtrekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of rondtrekken
rondtrokke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of rondtrekken
rondtrekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of rondtrekken
samensmolt	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of samensmelten
samensmelt	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
samensmelte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of samensmelten
samensmolte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of samensmelten
samentrokt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of samentrekken
samentrokke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of samentrekken
samentrekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of samentrekken
samentrekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samentrekken
samentrok	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of samentrekken
samentrek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samentrekken
spon	n	de · mv. sponnen	a bung
terugdringe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugdringen
terugdrong	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugdringen
terugdring	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugdringen
terugdringt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugdringen
terugdronge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of terugdringen
terugdrongt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugdringen
terugtrekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugtrekken
terugtrokke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of terugtrekken
terugtrokt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugtrekken
terugtrok	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugtrekken
terugtrekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugtrekken
terugtrek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugtrekken
terugvonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of terugvinden
terugvinde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugvinden
terugvondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugvinden
terugwint	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugwinnen
terugwon	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugwinnen
terugwont	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugwinnen
terugwinne	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugwinnen
terugwin	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugwinnen
terugwonne	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of terugwinnen
kofschip	n	het · mv. kofschepen	a koff, a type of small one-and-a-half masted sailing ship used mostly for…
voortbrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voortbrengen
multiculti	d		multiculturally
selecteren	v	selecteerde – geselecteerd	to select
meeleveren	v	leverde mee – meegeleverd	to include, supply with
meelevere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of meeleveren
meelever	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meeleveren
meelevert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meeleveren
aanhitse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanhitsen
aanhits	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanhitsen
aanhitst	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanhitsen
aanknope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanknopen
aanknoop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanknopen
aanknoopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanknopen
aanmake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanmaken
aanmaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanmaken
aanmaak	n	de	creation, production
aanmaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanmaken
aanpapt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanpappen
aanpappe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanpappen
aanpap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanpappen
aanreik	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanreiken
aanreikt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanreiken
aanreike	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanreiken
aanschaft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanschaffen
aanschaffe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanschaffen
aantast	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
aantaste	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aantasten
afdek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdekken
afdekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdekken
afdekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afdekken
afdruk	n	de · mv. afdrukken	print (something printed with a printer or printing press); impression, print (relief or other result from applying pressure)
afdruk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdrukken
afdrukt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdrukken
afdrukke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afdrukken
afgelaste	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afgelasten
afhake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afhaken
afkort	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
afkorte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afkorten
afmaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afmaken
afmaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afmaken
afmake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afmaken
afmot	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
afpakke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afpakken
afpakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afpakken
afpak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afpakken
afschaffe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afschaffen
afslankt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afslanken
afslanke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afslanken
afslank	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afslanken
afstof	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afstoffen
afstoft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afstoffen
afstoffe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afstoffen
afstote	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afstoten
afstraffe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afstraffen
afstraf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afstraffen
afstraft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afstraffen
afwachte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afwachten
afwacht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
afwerke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afwerken
baat	n	de · mv. baten	profit, advantage, boon
beetpakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of beetpakken
beetpakke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of beetpakken
beetpak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of beetpakken
bekendmake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bekendmaken
bekendmaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bekendmaken
bekendmaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bekendmaken
bijknippe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bijknippen
bijknip	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijknippen
bijknipt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijknippen
bijwerke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bijwerken
bijwerkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijwerken
bijwerk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijwerken
bijzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
geblokt	a		checkered
brandstichte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of brandstichten
brandsticht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
doorkruist	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
doorkruise	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorkruisen (“to cross out”)
doorkruis	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorkruisen…
doorprikke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorprikken
doorprik	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorprikken
doorprikt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorprikken
doorwerkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorwerken
doorwerk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorwerken
doorwerke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorwerken
doorzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
goeiemorgen	i		good morning
instructie	n	de · mv. instructies	instruction, directive
blokkeren	v	blokkeerde – geblokkeerd	to block; to close off (a road); to blockade
ventilatie	n	de · mv. ventilaties	ventilation (replacement of stale air with fresh)
ventileren	v	ventileerde – geventileerd	to ventilate; to articulate, make clear and precise
zoomen	v	zoomde – gezoomd	to zoom
inzoomen	v	zoomde in – ingezoomd	to zoom in
uitzoomen	v	zoomde uit – uitgezoomd	to zoom out
fabrikant	n	de · mv. fabrikanten	manufacturer
hulpbron	n	de · mv. hulpbronnen	resource
evolueren	v	evolueerde – geëvolueerd	to evolve, to develop gradually or in stages
polariseren	v	polariseerde – gepolariseerd	to polarize; (said of a situation etc.) to polarize; to cause to have two extremes
scharnierpen	n	de · mv. scharnierpennen	a hinge pin
nachtjapon	n	de · mv. nachtjaponnen	nightgown, nightshirt, nightdress
inzoome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inzoomen
inzoom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inzoomen
inzoomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inzoomen
uitzoom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitzoomen
uitzoomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitzoomen
uitzoome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitzoomen
awel	i		well
verflensen	v	verflenste – verflenst	to wither
gevangenzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
gristen	n	de · mv. gristennen	Jesus freak, God botherer (pejorative for conservative Christians)
opfokken	v	fokte op – opgefokt	to excite, wind up, stir up; to raise, to breed; to fuck up
harst	n	de · mv. harsten	a cut of meat
hecht	a		tight, close-knit
gehoest	n	het	coughing (act of coughing)
inblik	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inblikken
inblikke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inblikken
inblikt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inblikken
inboet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
inboete	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inboeten
inent	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
inente	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inenten
inlast	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inlassen
inlasse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inlassen
inlas	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inlassen
inlicht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
inlichte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inlichten
inlost	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inlossen
inlosse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inlossen
inlos	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inlossen
inpak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inpakken
inpakke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inpakken
inpakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inpakken
inricht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
inrichte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inrichten
instappe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of instappen
instapt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of instappen
instorte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of instorten
intrappe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of intrappen
intrapt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of intrappen
intrap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of intrappen
oplichten	v	lichtte op – opgelicht	to light up; to lift up; to scam, to swindle
oplichte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oplichten
oplicht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
opfokke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opfokken
opfokt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opfokken
opfok	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opfokken
bekakken	v	bekakte – bekakt	to shit on
laak	n	de · mv. laken	watercourse, stream; a drainage ditch; border, limit
gelikt	a		sophisticated, good-looking, smooth; smoothened, flat
losmake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of losmaken
losmaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of losmaken
losmaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of losmaken
makke	n	de · mv. makkes	blow; misfortune; problem, shortcoming
meemake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of meemaken
meemaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meemaken
meemaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meemaken
meewerk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meewerken
meewerkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meewerken
meewerke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of meewerken
mep	n	de · mv. meppen	slap, smack, blow
meuk	n	de	junk, stuff
muit	n	de · mv. muiten	mew (bird cage for moulting birds)
ingaaft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of ingeven
ingeef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ingeven
ingaf	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of ingeven
ingeve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ingeven
ingeeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ingeven
ingave	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of ingeven
intreed	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of intreden
intrade	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of intreden
intraadt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of intreden
intrad	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of intreden
intreedt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of intreden
lesgeve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of lesgeven
lesgeeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of lesgeven
lesgave	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of lesgeven
lesgaf	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of lesgeven
lesgeef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of lesgeven
lesgaaft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of lesgeven
lipleze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of liplezen
liplaast	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of liplezen
lipleest	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of liplezen
liplees	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of liplezen
liplaze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of liplezen
liplas	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of liplezen
opate	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opeten
opeet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opeten
opgaaft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opgeven
opgeve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opgeven
optraadt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of optreden
optrade	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of optreden
overgaaft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overgeven
overgeef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overgeven
overgeve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overgeven
overgeeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overgeven
overgaf	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overgeven
teruggeef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of teruggeven
teruggeeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of teruggeven
teruggeve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of teruggeven
teruggaaft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of teruggeven
teruggaf	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of teruggeven
nabootse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of nabootsen
nabootst	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nabootsen
neerstorte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of neerstorten
neerstort	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
neerzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
nipt	a		narrow
opbiecht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
opbiechte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opbiechten
opbiep	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opbiepen
opbiepe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opbiepen
opbiept	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opbiepen
opdoekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdoeken
opdoeke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opdoeken
opdoek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdoeken
opeenhoopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opeenhopen
opeenhope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opeenhopen
opeenhoop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opeenhopen
opeise	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opeisen
opeis	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opeisen
opeist	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opeisen
ophoopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophopen
ophope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ophopen
ophoop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophopen
opjut	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
opknapt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opknappen
opknappe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opknappen
opknap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opknappen
oplet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
oplost	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oplossen
oplos	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oplossen
oplosse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oplossen
opmaak	n	de	layout; markup
opmaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opmaken
opmake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opmaken
opmaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opmaken
opmerkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opmerken
opmerk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opmerken
opmerke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opmerken
oppakke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oppakken
oppak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oppakken
oppakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oppakken
oppas	n	de · mv. oppassen	babysitter
oppas	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oppassen
oppasse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oppassen
oppast	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oppassen
oppikke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oppikken
oppikt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oppikken
oppik	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oppikken
oppoets	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oppoetsen
oppoetse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oppoetsen
oppoetst	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oppoetsen
oprake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opraken
opraak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opraken
opraakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opraken
opruk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oprukken
oprukke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oprukken
oprukt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oprukken
opschepe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opschepen
opscheep	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opschepen
opscheept	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opschepen
opschort	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
opschorte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opschorten
opschrikke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opschrikken
opschrikt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opschrikken
opschrik	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opschrikken
opvat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
opvis	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opvissen
opvist	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opvissen
opvisse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opvissen
opwekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opwekken
kosmopoliet	n	de · mv. kosmopolieten	cosmopolite
overmaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overmaken
overmake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overmaken
overmaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overmaken
overstap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overstappen
overstapt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overstappen
overstappe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overstappen
overzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
pakkend	a		touching; fascinating, interesting; exciting
kosmopolitisch	a		cosmopolitan
kosmopolis	n	de · mv. kosmopolissen	cosmopolis
kosmopolitisme	n	het	cosmopolitanism
Perzië	m		Persia
krokodillentranen	n		crocodile tears (insincere display of sadness)
saneren	v	saneerde – gesaneerd	to reorganize (a business), rehabilitate (finances); to recuperate, redevelop (e.g. a city district); to reduce pollution in an area
concipiëren	v	concipieerde – geconcipieerd	to conceive
gerust	a		at ease; free of anxiety, without fear or worry
samendrukke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of samendrukken
samendrukt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samendrukken
samendruk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samendrukken
samenwerk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenwerken
samenwerke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of samenwerken
samenwerkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenwerken
arceren	v	arceerde – gearceerd	to hatch, shadow with parallel lines; to highlight, mark with a colorful pen
schoonmaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of schoonmaken
schoonmake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of schoonmaken
schoonmaak	n	de · mv. schoonmaken	cleanup, cleaning
schoonmaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of schoonmaken
slof	n	de · mv. sloffen	house or bedroom slipper (shoe)
stift	n	de · mv. stiften	graphite core of a pencil; a felt-tip pen, a marker; a chip (in football)
strik	n	de · mv. strikken	tie, knot; bow (type of knot); snare
terugzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
testrit	n	de · mv. testritten	test drive
getint	a		brown-skinned, non-white
toedichte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toedichten
toedicht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
toejuiche	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toejuichen
toejuich	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toejuichen
toejuicht	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toejuichen
toewens	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toewensen
toewenst	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toewensen
toewense	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toewensen
uitbarste	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitbarsten
uitbarst	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
uitbate	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitbaten
uitbaat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
uitdos	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdossen
uitdosse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitdossen
uitdost	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdossen
uitdrukt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdrukken
uitdrukkend	a		expressive (effectively conveying feeling)
uitdrukke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitdrukken
uitdruk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdrukken
uitflapt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitflappen
uitflap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitflappen
uitflappe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitflappen
uitlok	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitlokken
uitlokke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitlokken
uitlokt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitlokken
uitmaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitmaken
uitmake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitmaken
uitmaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitmaken
uitput	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
uitreikt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitreiken
uitreik	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitreiken
uitreike	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitreiken
uitrekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitrekken
uitrekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitrekken
uitrek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitrekken
uitrichte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitrichten
uitricht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
uitstap	n	de · mv. uitstappen	trip, excursion, outing; the act of leaving something, sometimes an act of physically stepping or…; the process of abandoning, phasing out
uitstap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitstappen
uitstappe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitstappen
uitstapt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitstappen
uitstrekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitstrekken
uitstrekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitstrekken
uitstrek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitstrekken
uitvergrote	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitvergroten
uitwerkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitwerken
uitwerke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitwerken
uitwerk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitwerken
vastmaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vastmaken
vastmake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vastmaken
vastmaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vastmaken
verdiep	n	het · mv. verdiepen	synonym of verdieping (“storey”)
vermaak	n	het · mv. vermaken	entertainment, amusement
verontrustend	a		disturbing; troubling
verstrekkend	a		far-reaching
verzachtend	a		softening; extenuating
voortzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
vooruitblikt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
vooruitblikke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vooruitblikken
voorzet	n	de · mv. voorzetten	a pass; a beginning move
voorzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
vrijpleit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
vrijpleite	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vrijpleiten
wegstop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegstoppen
wegstoppe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of wegstoppen
wegstopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegstoppen
wegwerke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of wegwerken
wegwerkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegwerken
wegwerk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegwerken
wisse	n	de · mv. wissen	cubic metre (mainly when used for firewood)
zwartmake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of zwartmaken
zwartmaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of zwartmaken
zwartmaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of zwartmaken
aanbelandt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanbelanden
aanbeland	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanbelanden
aanbelande	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanbelanden
aandiene	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aandienen
aandient	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aandienen
aandien	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aandienen
aanduide	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanduiden
aangroeie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aangroeien
aangroeit	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aangroeien
aanhaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanhalen
aanhaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanhalen
aanhale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanhalen
aanklage	n	de · mv. aanklagen	legal indictment, charge
aanklage	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanklagen
aankleed	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aankleden
aankleedt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aankleden
aanklede	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aankleden
aankondige	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aankondigen
aanlegge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanleggen
aanlegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanleggen
aanlere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanleren
aanleert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanleren
aanleer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanleren
aanmeld	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanmelden
aanmelde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanmelden
aanmeldt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanmelden
aanmeert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanmeren
aanmeer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanmeren
aanmere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanmeren
aanmoedige	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanmoedigen
aanmoedig	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanmoedigen
aanmoedigt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanmoedigen
aanrandt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanranden
aanrand	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanranden
aanrande	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanranden
aanspoor	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aansporen
aanspoort	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aansporen
aanspore	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aansporen
aanstaar	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanstaren
aanstaart	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanstaren
aanstare	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanstaren
aantone	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aantonen
aanvoege	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanvoegen
aanvoegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanvoegen
aanvoeg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanvoegen
aanvoere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanvoeren
aanvoert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanvoeren
aanwend	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanwenden
aanwendt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanwenden
aanwende	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanwenden
ademhaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ademhalen
ademhale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ademhalen
ademhaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ademhalen
afbakent	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afbakenen
afbaken	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afbakenen
afbakene	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afbakenen
afbeeld	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afbeelden
afbeelde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afbeelden
afbeeldt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afbeelden
afdale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afdalen
afdaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdalen
afdaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdalen
afdroog	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdrogen
afdroge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afdrogen
afdroogt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdrogen
afdwaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdwalen
afdwale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afdwalen
afdwaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdwalen
afhaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afhalen
afhale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afhalen
afhaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afhalen
afhandele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afhandelen
afhandelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afhandelen
afhandel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afhandelen
afkalf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkalven
afkalve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afkalven
afkalft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkalven
afkeure	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afkeuren
afkeurt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkeuren
afkeur	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkeuren
afklem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afklemmen
afklemme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afklemmen
afklemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afklemmen
afkoelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkoelen
afkoel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkoelen
afkoele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afkoelen
aflegge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afleggen
afleid	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afleiden
afleide	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afleiden
afleidt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afleiden
afleert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afleren
aflere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afleren
afleer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afleren
aflijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aflijven
aflijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aflijven
aflijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aflijven
afluistere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afluisteren
afmelde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afmelden
afmeld	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afmelden
afmeldt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afmelden
afremt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afremmen
afremme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afremmen
afrem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afremmen
afrol	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afrollen
afrolle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afrollen
afrolt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afrollen
afronde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afronden
afrond	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afronden
afrondt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afronden
afschildere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afschilderen
afschildert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afschilderen
afschilder	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afschilderen
afschure	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afschuren
afschuurt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afschuren
afschuur	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afschuren
afspele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afspelen
afspeel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afspelen
afspeelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afspelen
afstamme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afstammen
afstem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afstemmen
afstemme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afstemmen
afstemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afstemmen
afstempel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afstempelen
afstempelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afstempelen
afstempele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afstempelen
aftroef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aftroeven
aftroeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aftroeven
aftroeve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aftroeven
afvaardigt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afvaardigen
afvaardig	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afvaardigen
afvaardige	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afvaardigen
afvoert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afvoeren
afvoere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afvoeren
afvuurt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afvuren
afvuur	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afvuren
afvure	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afvuren
afweert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afweren
afweer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afweren
afwere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afweren
afwikkele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afwikkelen
afwikkel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afwikkelen
afwikkelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afwikkelen
afwissel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afwisselen
afwisselt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afwisselen
afwissele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afwisselen
afzeg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzeggen
afzegge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afzeggen
afzegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzeggen
afzondere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afzonderen
afzonder	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzonderen
afzondert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzonderen
babbel	n	de · mv. babbels	a babble
gebaard	a		bearded
behoef	n	het	need, requirement of something that lacks; advantage, benefit
beminde	n	de · mv. beminden	loved one
beroerd	a		bad, poor, crappy
beschilderd	a		painted
bezield	a		animate
bijspijkere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bijspijkeren
bijspijker	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijspijkeren
bijspijkert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijspijkeren
bijstelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijstellen
bijstelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bijstellen
bijstel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijstellen
bijvoeg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijvoegen
bijvoege	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bijvoegen
bijvoegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijvoegen
bijwoont	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijwonen
bijwone	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bijwonen
bijwoon	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijwonen
binnenhaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of binnenhalen
binnenhale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of binnenhalen
binnenhaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of binnenhalen
blootleg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of blootleggen
blootlegge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of blootleggen
blootlegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of blootleggen
blootstelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of blootstellen
boeie	i		Slang spelling of boeien
boert	n	de · mv. boerten	farce; joke, prank; jest, mockery
borduur	n	het · mv. borduren	embroidery
bovenhaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bovenhalen
bovenhale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bovenhalen
bovenhaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bovenhalen
brul	n	de · mv. brullen	a roar
knellen	v	knelde – gekneld	to pinch, squeeze; to oppress, to stifle
beklemmen	v	beklemde – beklemd	to squeeze; to distress, strain; to oppress, stifle
opprimeren	v	opprimeerde – geopprimeerd	to oppress; to suppress, to stifle
dimensionaal	a		dimensional
plezant	a		pleasant
plezierig	a		pleasant, fun
tegenstand	n	de · mv. tegenstanden	opposition
winkelpassage	n	de · mv. winkelpassages	an arcade (a covered passage with shops on both sides)
onvoorzichtig	a		careless
uithaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uithalen
uithaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uithalen
uithale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uithalen
gecondoleerd	i		condolences; said to express sympathy with someone when hearing of a close death
daag	i		bye
dartel	a		frisky, frolic, playful, gamesome
dooi	n	de	thaw
doorbladere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorbladeren (“to leaf…
doorblader	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorbladeren…
doorbladert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
doorboor	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorboren
doorsture	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorsturen
doorstuurt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorsturen
doorstuur	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorsturen
doorvertelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
doorvertelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorvertellen
doorvertel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorvertellen
doorvoert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorvoeren
doorvoere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorvoeren
doorvoer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorvoeren
drooglegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of droogleggen
droogleg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of droogleggen
drooglegge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of droogleggen
dwaal	n	de · mv. dwalen	oblong piece of linen spread across an altar
egge	n	de · mv. eggen	skewed, sharp side; edge; corner
frituur	n	de · mv. frituren	a chip shop, a friterie, a fast food takeaway selling deep-fried food
galm	n	de · mv. galmen	echo, reverberation; backtalk
gebaarde	n	het · mv. gebaarden	gesture
giechel	n	de · mv. giechels	a giggle; face
gijzel	n	de · mv. gijzels	a hostage
goedkeure	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of goedkeuren
goedkeur	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of goedkeuren
goedkeurt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of goedkeuren
gorgel	n	de · mv. gorgels	larynx
golfen	v	golfte – gegolft	to play golf
huiver	n	de · mv. huivers	shiver (out of fear or from the cold), tremble; fear, trepidation
geluidshinder	n	de	noise pollution
ijver	n	de	dedication, devotion; zeal, ambition
inbakert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inbakeren
inbaker	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inbakeren
inbakere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inbakeren
indeel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of indelen
indeelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of indelen
indele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of indelen
indient	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of indienen
indiene	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of indienen
inleidt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inleiden
inleid	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inleiden
inleide	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inleiden
inlevere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inleveren
inlever	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inleveren
inlevert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inleveren
inluid	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inluiden
inluide	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inluiden
inluidt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inluiden
inspanne	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inspannen
inspant	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inspannen
instelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of instellen
intoom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of intomen
intoomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of intomen
intome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of intomen
instemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of instemmen
instem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of instemmen
instemme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of instemmen
invoere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of invoeren
invult	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of invullen
invul	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of invullen
invulle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of invullen
inwijd	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inwijden
inwijde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inwijden
inwijdt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inwijden
inwillig	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inwilligen
inwilligt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inwilligen
inwillige	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inwilligen
geklad	n	het	smearings, spattering, smudges
kluister	n	de · mv. kluisters	fetter
knabbel	n	de · mv. knabbels	a nibble; a snack or other small treat
knipoog	n	de · mv. knipogen	wink
kreukel	n	de · mv. kreukels	wrinkle, crease (generally in textiles, paper or other thin materials)
kronkel	n	de	twisted line or shape; twisted thought; twisted mannerism
kwel	n	de · mv. kwellen	seep, flush (aquifer water reaching the surface); torment
klieven	v	kliefde – gekliefd	to cleave, to cut; to cut through (waves)
lummel	n	de · mv. lummels	jerk, dork, turd; piggy in the middle (person standing in the middle in keep-away)
meebetale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of meebetalen
meebetaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meebetalen
meebetaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meebetalen
meedeel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meedelen
meedeelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meedelen
meedele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of meedelen
miauw	i		the sound of a cat
naleef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of naleven
naleve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of naleven
naleeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of naleven
nastreef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nastreven
nastreeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nastreven
nastreve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of nastreven
navolgt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of navolgen
navolge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of navolgen
navolg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of navolgen
neergooi	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neergooien
neergooie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of neergooien
neergooit	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neergooien
neerlegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neerleggen
neerlegge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of neerleggen
neerleg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neerleggen
nestel	n	de · mv. nestels	aiglet
omkeert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omkeren
omkere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omkeren
omklede	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omkleden
omkleed	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omkleden (“to…
omkleedt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omkleden
omleide	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omleiden
omleid	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omleiden
omleidt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omleiden
omrekene	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omrekenen
omreken	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omrekenen
omrekent	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omrekenen
onderdompele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of onderdompelen
opbel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opbellen
opbelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opbellen
opbelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opbellen
opbloeit	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opbloeien
opbloeie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opbloeien
opbloei	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opbloeien
opbouwe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opbouwen
opbouwt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opbouwen
opbouw	n	de · mv. opbouwen	structure; construction; fin, sail (dorsal tower of a submarine)
opbouw	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opbouwen
opdaagt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdagen
opdaag	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdagen
opdient	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdienen
opdiene	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opdienen
opdien	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdienen
opdrave	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opdraven
opdraaft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdraven
opdraaf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdraven
openbloeie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of openbloeien
openbloei	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of openbloeien
openbloeit	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of openbloeien
opensper	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opensperren
opensperre	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opensperren
openspert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opensperren
ophaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophalen
ophale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ophalen
ophaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophalen
ophoog	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophogen
ophoge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ophogen
ophoogt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophogen
opkalefatert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
opkalefatere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opkalefateren
opkalefater	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opkalefateren
opklaart	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opklaren
opklare	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opklaren
opklaar	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opklaren
oplaaie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oplaaien
oplegge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opleggen
oplegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opleggen
opleg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opleggen
opleidt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opleiden
opleide	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opleiden
opleid	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opleiden
opleef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opleven
opleeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opleven
opleve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opleven
opnoeme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opnoemen
opnoem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opnoemen
opnoemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opnoemen
opruime	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opruimen
opruimt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opruimen
opgeruimd	a		cheerful
opruim	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opruimen
opspoort	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opsporen
opspore	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opsporen
opspoor	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opsporen
opstapel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opstapelen
opstapele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opstapelen
opstapelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opstapelen
opstelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opstellen
opstel	n	het · mv. opstellen	an essay (short written composition), especially as a writing exercise in school
opstel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opstellen
opstelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opstellen
optekene	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of optekenen
opteken	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of optekenen
optekent	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of optekenen
optelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of optellen
optel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of optellen
optelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of optellen
optil	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of optillen
optilt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of optillen
optille	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of optillen
opvoed	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opvoeden
opvoedt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opvoeden
opvoede	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opvoeden
opvoere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opvoeren
opvolge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opvolgen
opvul	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opvullen
opvulle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opvullen
opvult	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opvullen
opwaardeert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opwaarderen
opwaardere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opwaarderen
opwaardeer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opwaarderen
overeenstemme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overeenstemmen
overeenstemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
overeenstem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overeenstemmen
overgooie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overgooien
overgooit	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overgooien
overgooi	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overgooien
overhale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overhalen
overhaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overhalen
overhaal	n	de · mv. overhalen	overland boat ramp
overhaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overhalen
overlegge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overleggen (“to display”)
overlevert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overleveren
overgeleverd	a		handed down
overlever	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overleveren
overlevere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overleveren
overschakel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overschakelen
overschakele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overschakelen
overschakelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
overstrome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overstromen (“to overflow”)
overstroom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overstromen…
overstroomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
platbrandt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of platbranden
platbrande	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of platbranden
platbrand	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of platbranden
pleister	n	de · mv. pleisters	plaster, sticking plaster, band-aid; plaster (lime mixture)
prikkel	n	de · mv. prikkels	impulse, prickle; incentive, encouragement
onplezierig	a		unpleasant
geremd	a		uptight, inhibited
ronddraaf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ronddraven
ronddrave	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ronddraven
ronddraaft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ronddraven
rondscharrele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of rondscharrelen
rondscharrelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
rondscharrel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of rondscharrelen
rondzweve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of rondzweven
rondzweeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of rondzweven
rondzweef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of rondzweven
rooie	n	de · mv. rooien	a redheaded person; a socialist, a communist
capricieus	a		capricious, whimsical
koloniaal	a		colonial
koloniaal	n	de · mv. kolonialen	a colonial soldier, a colonial trooper; a colonial settler, a colonist
Spartaan	n	de · mv. Spartanen	a Spartan; a strong, hardy person; a spartan
Spartaans	a		Spartan; spartan (austere and manly)
wekelijk	a		effeminate, weak
verwijven	v	verwijfde – verwijfd	to become effeminate; to make effeminate
hegemonie	n	de · mv. hegemonieën	hegemony
kledij	n	de	costume, clothing
factie	n	de · mv. facties	faction, clique, a temporary opportunistic alliance between politicians who…; faction, a player (computer or human) with a distinct civilisation
kliek	n	de · mv. klieken	clique, exclusive group; leftover from a meal
uitvechten	v	vocht uit – uitgevochten	to reach a solution or an end through fighting; to fight it out
grondbezitter	n	de · mv. grondbezitters	landholder, landowner
welstand	n	de · mv. welstanden	prosperity, wealth, success
eender	a		same, alike, equal
eender	d		no matter, regardless of, anyway, anyhow
samenleve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of samenleven
samenleef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenleven
samenleeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenleven
samenstelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of samenstellen
samenstelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenstellen
samenstel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenstellen
schakel	n	de · mv. schakels	shackle (chain shackle); link of a chain; link, connection
schel	a		shrill (sharp, high-pitched and piercing, especially of a sound)
schel	n	de · mv. schellen	bell, doorbell
schitterend	a		amazing, wonderful
geschoold	a		educated
schroom	n	de	hesitation, shyness
geschuind	a		divided into two equal parts diagonally, per bend
scannen	v	scande – gescand	to scan (create an image of something with the use of a scanner); to scan (read with an electronic device)
smoes	n	de · mv. smoezen	excuse, pretext
spetter	n	de · mv. spetters	a splatter, splash or drop (of a fluid); an attractive man, a hottie
spuug	n	het	spit, spawl
staar	n		cataracts
teleurstel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of teleurstellen
teleurstelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of teleurstellen
teleurstelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
terechtstelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
terechtstel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terechtstellen
terechtstelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terechtstellen
terugbel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugbellen
terugbelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugbellen
terugbelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugbellen
terughale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terughalen
terugkere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugkeren
terugsture	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugsturen
terugstuurt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugsturen
terugstuur	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugsturen
thuisbezorge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of thuisbezorgen
thuisbezorg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of thuisbezorgen
thuisbezorgt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
toebehore	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toebehoren
toebehoort	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toebehoren
toebehoor	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toebehoren
toedien	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toedienen
toediene	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toedienen
toedient	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toedienen
toekenne	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toekennen
toestemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toestemmen
toestem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toestemmen
toestemme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toestemmen
toevertrouwe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toevertrouwen
toevertrouw	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toevertrouwen
toevertrouwt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
toegewijd	a		dedicated, devoted
toewijde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toewijden
toewijdt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toewijden
toewijd	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toewijden
tongzoen	n	de · mv. tongzoenen	French kiss
tover	n	de	something enchanting, (figurative) magic
uitademe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitademen
uitadem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitademen
uitademt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitademen
uitbeelde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitbeelden
uitbeeldt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbeelden
uitbeeld	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbeelden
uitbrande	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitbranden
uitbrand	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbranden
uitbrandt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbranden
uitbroed	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbroeden
uitbroede	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitbroeden
uitbroedt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbroeden
uitdaag	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdagen
uitdaagt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdagen
uitdage	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitdagen
uitdelg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdelgen
uitdelge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitdelgen
uitdelgt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdelgen
uitdijt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdijen
uitdije	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitdijen
uitdij	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdijen
uitdove	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitdoven
uitdoof	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdoven
uitdooft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdoven
uitgooit	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitgooien
uitgooi	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitgooien
uitgooie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitgooien
uitklede	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitkleden
uitkleed	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitkleden
uitkleedt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitkleden
uitlene	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitlenen
uitleen	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitlenen
uitleent	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitlenen
uitlever	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitleveren
uitlevere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitleveren
uitlevert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitleveren
uitloof	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitloven
uitlove	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitloven
uitlooft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitloven
uitmondt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitmonden
uitmonde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitmonden
uitmond	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitmonden
uitnodigt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitnodigen
uitnodige	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitnodigen
uitnodig	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitnodigen
uitraas	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitrazen
uitraast	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitrazen
uitraze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitrazen
uitroei	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitroeien
uitroeie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitroeien
uitroeit	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitroeien
uitschakelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitschakelen
uitschakele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitschakelen
uitschakel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitschakelen
uitstelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitstellen
uitstelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitstellen
uitstraalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitstralen
uitstraal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitstralen
uitstrale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitstralen
uitvaardige	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitvaardigen
uitvaardig	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitvaardigen
uitvaardigt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitvaardigen
uitvloei	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitvloeien
uitvloeie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitvloeien
uitvloeit	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitvloeien
uitvoere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitvoeren
uitwaaiert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitwaaieren
uitwaaiere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitwaaieren
uitwaaier	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitwaaieren
uitzondert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitzonderen
uitzonder	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitzonderen
uitzondere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitzonderen
valsspeelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of valsspelen
valsspeel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of valsspelen
valsspele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of valsspelen
vastlegge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vastleggen
verbijsterd	a		bewildered, astonished
verguisd	a		much maligned
verouderd	a		obsolete
voorbereidt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorbereiden
voorbereide	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voorbereiden
voorbereid	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorbereiden
voorstelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voorstellen
voortbordure	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voortborduren
voortborduurt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
voortborduur	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voortborduren
wedijver	n	de	rivalry
weergalm	n	de · mv. weergalmen	echo
wegebt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegebben
wegebbe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of wegebben
wegeb	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegebben
weggooie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of weggooien
weggooi	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of weggooien
weggooit	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of weggooien
weghaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of weghalen
weghale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of weghalen
weghaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of weghalen
wegstuurt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegsturen
wegsture	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of wegsturen
wegstuur	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegsturen
wegvaag	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegvagen
wegvaagt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegvagen
wegvage	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of wegvagen
wegvalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegvallen
wegval	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegvallen
wegvalle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of wegvallen
wegvoere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of wegvoeren
wegvoer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegvoeren
wegvoert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegvoeren
wende	n	de · mv. wenden	turn; turnaround
wijde	n	de · mv. wijden	synonym of wilg (“willow”)
zalvend	a		soothing, pleasant
zweefvlieg	n	de · mv. zweefvliegen	hoverfly, fly of the family Syrphidae
sceptisch	a		skeptical, sceptical
doorsnij	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorsnijden…
aankijk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aankijken
aankijkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aankijken
aankeekt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aankijken
aankijke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aankijken
aankeke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aankijken
aankeek	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aankijken
terugstellen	v	stelde terug – teruggesteld	to reset; to demote
roodharig	a		redheaded
roodharige	n	de · mv. roodharigen	a redheaded person, ginger
hinniken	v	hinnikte – gehinnikt	to neigh
uitvechte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitvechten
uitvecht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
uitvocht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitvechten
uitvochte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitvechten
terugstel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugstellen
terugstelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugstellen
terugstelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugstellen
afplat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
inkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inkomen
inkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inkomen
inkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inkomen
inkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inkomen
inkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of inkomen
inkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inkomen
naginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of nagaan
nagaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nagaan
naging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of nagaan
nagingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of nagaan
knoeien	v	knoeide – geknoeid	to create a mess; to mess around; to defraud
benodigen	v	benodigde – benodigd	to need, require
verschalken	v	verschalkte – verschalkt	to eat up, to catch and eat; to mislead, to fool; to catch by means of cunning, to trap, to capture, to ensnare
bedotten	v	bedotte – bedot	to mislead, to trick; to cheat, to scam
belazeren	v	belazerde – belazerd	to con, to scam
beduvelen	v	beduvelde – beduveld	to deceive, to cheat, to swindle
beduveld	a		nuts, senseless
intypen	v	typte in – ingetypt	to type in
intype	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of intypen
intypt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of intypen
intyp	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of intypen
intikken	v	tikte in – ingetikt	to tap in lightly; to type in, enter with a typewriter or keyboard
intikt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of intikken
intikke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of intikken
intik	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of intikken
tikkertje	n	het	tag, a game often played by children
tikkie	i		tag, you're it!
trefbal	n	het	dodgeball
uittikken	v	tikte uit – uitgetikt	to tap out; to eliminate from a game by tagging
doortikken	v	tikte door – doorgetikt	to tick on, to continue ticking
doortikt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doortikken
doortikke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doortikken
doortik	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doortikken
uittik	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uittikken
uittikt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uittikken
uittikke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uittikken
typmachine	n	de · mv. typmachines	typewriter
uitlezen	v	las uit – uitgelezen	to read through, to read completely to the end; to read out (e.g. a device); to separate (the good items from the bad ones), to pick, to select
uitgelezen	a		select
uitlaast	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitlezen
uitleze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitlezen
uitlees	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitlezen
uitlas	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitlezen
uitlaze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitlezen
uitleest	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitlezen
insmeren	v	smeerde in – ingesmeerd	to rub in, to smear; to rub a substance onto, to anoint
insmeert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of insmeren
insmeer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of insmeren
insmere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of insmeren
verhangen	v	verhing – verhangen	to cause to hang, to hang; to hang somewhere else; to hang someone (to execute by hanging)
verhang	n	het · mv. verhangen	relative measure for the vertical distance in proportion to horizontal…
verprutsen	v	verprutste – verprutst	to mess up, to ruin, to spoil
prutsen	v	prutste – geprutst	to mess around, fiddle around; to bungle
verknoeien	v	verknoeide – verknoeid	to mess up (to botch, bungle)
snackbar	n	de · mv. snackbars	snack bar
automatiek	n	de · mv. automatieken	an automat (a vending machine for warm food, usually deep-fried)
verkoopautomaat	n	de · mv. verkoopautomaten	vending machine
automaat	n	de · mv. automaten	a machine that performs automated tasks; an automatic, a car with an automatic transmission; an automaton
geldautomaat	n	de · mv. geldautomaten	automated teller machine (ATM)
openging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opengaan
openginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opengaan
opengaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opengaan
opengingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opengaan
overbied	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overbieden (“to…
overbiedt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
overbood	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overbieden (“to bid again”)
overboodt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overbieden…
overbode	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overbieden (“to bid again”)
overbiede	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overbieden (“to bid again”)
Loes	m		a female given name
Annemieke	m		a female given name
bouwmeester	n	de · mv. bouwmeesters	architect
benutten	v	benutte – benut	to make use of, to profit from, to take advantage of; to convert (a penalty kick etc.)
bruiken	v	bruikte – gebruikt	to make use of, to use, to have use for
concertgebouw	n	het · mv. concertgebouwen	concert hall (building)
spreekwoordelijk	a		proverbial
riskeren	v	riskeerde – geriskeerd	to risk
botten	v	botte – gebot	to bump, to collide; to push; to strike
uitbotten	v	botte uit – uitgebot	to sprout, to germinate
geinig	a		funny
K-pop	n	de	K-pop (South Korean pop music)
verbondenheid	n	de · mv. verbondenheden	solidarity, connectedness
afslachten	v	slachtte af – afgeslacht	to butcher, to slaughter; to massacre
onderworpenheid	n	de · mv. onderworpenheden	submissiveness, servility
defensief	a		defensive
verblinden	v	verblindde – verblind	to blind; to dazzle, to spellbind
jammeren	v	jammerde – gejammerd	to yammer, whine
weeklagen	v	weeklaagde – geweeklaagd	to whine
lamenteren	v	lamenteerde – gelamenteerd	to lament, to whine
geilig	a		horny, turned on
likdoorn	n	de · mv. likdoorns	clavus, corn
eksteroog	n	het · mv. eksterogen	clavus, corn
verdikken	v	verdikte – verdikt	to thicken, to become thicker, more viscous; to thicken, to toughen
vindiceren	v	vindiceerde – gevindiceerd	to vindicate, claim as one's own
revindiceren	v	revindiceerde – gerevindiceerd	to revindicate
verafgoden	v	verafgoodde – verafgood	to idolize
adoreren	v	adoreerde – geadoreerd	to adore
consolideren	v	consolideerde – geconsolideerd	to consolidate, to strengthen
consolidatie	n	de · mv. consolidaties	consolidation, strengthening
knipperen	v	knipperde – geknipperd	to blink
rondhangen	v	hing rond – rondgehangen	to hang around, to loiter
ploeteren	v	ploeterde – geploeterd	to toil, to drudge; to hustle
contactlens	n	de · mv. contactlenzen	contact lens
zwoegen	v	zwoegde – gezwoegd	to heave, to breathe heavily; to toil, to drudge
toeslaan	v	sloeg toe – toegeslagen	to slam closed; to seize the chance (e.g. to strike), to take advantage of a situation; to strike, to suddenly occur (said of a disaster or a disease)
ontwrichten	v	ontwrichtte – ontwricht	to dislocate; to disrupt, disorganize, destabilize, subvert
abstraheren	v	abstraheerde – geabstraheerd	to abstract
uitbot	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
afslachte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afslachten
afslacht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
rondhinge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of rondhangen
rondhing	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of rondhangen
rondhangt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of rondhangen
rondhang	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of rondhangen
rondhingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of rondhangen
rondhange	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of rondhangen
toeslaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toeslaan
toesloegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of toeslaan
toesloeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of toeslaan
toesloege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of toeslaan
seksverslaafde	n	de · mv. seksverslaafden	sex addict
eenarmig	a		one-armed
verzuipen	v	verzoop – verzopen	to drown; to spend on drinking alcoholic drinks
verzwinden	v	verzwond – verzwonden	to disappear, to vanish
zwinden	v	zwond – gezwonden	to disappear
omwikkelen	v	omwikkelde – omwikkeld	to wrap up, to bandage
vergrijzen	v	vergrijsde – vergrijsd	to grey (make or become grey); to age
verjongen	v	verjongde – verjongd	to become young, to rejuvenate; to make young, to rejuvenate
onderbouwen	v	onderbouwde – onderbouwd	to substantiate (a claim), to corroborate, to justify; (of fertilizer) to be put underground
verrekken	v	verrekte – verrekt	to overstretch; to pull; to refuse to do
verrek	i		dammit!, darn it!, crap! (expression of surprise or annoyance)
verdommen	v	verdomde – verdomd	to damn; to refuse to do; to stupidify
verdomme	i		dammit; clipping of godverdomme (“goddammit”)
vertikken	v	vertikte – vertikt	to refuse to do
verschranzen	v	verschransde – verschransd	to gobble up, to gormandize
verschrijven	v	verschreef – verschreven	to make a mistake while writing
beplaten	v	beplaatte – beplaat	to plate
vernederlandsen	v	vernederlandste – vernederlandst	to become Dutch(-speaking), to assimilate into Dutch(-speaking) society; to make Dutch, to Dutchify
uitbesteden	v	besteedde uit – uitbesteed	to outsource
uitbestede	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitbesteden
uitbesteed	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbesteden
uitbesteedt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbesteden
klimaatregeling	n	de · mv. klimaatregelingen	air conditioning, climate control; a measure aimed at targeting climate change
botsballon	n	de · mv. botsballonnen	airbag
blikvanger	n	de · mv. blikvangers	eyecatcher; can catcher
gegevensbestand	n	het · mv. gegevensbestanden	data file; database
hebbeding	n	het · mv. hebbedingen	gadget, gimmick, trinket (desirable but often depreciated commodity)
luchtkussen	n	het · mv. luchtkussens	air cushion; airbag
meerkeuzevraag	n	de · mv. meerkeuzevragen	multiple-choice question
stroopwafel	n	de · mv. stroopwafels	a syrup waffle, a stroopwafel
krachtbron	n	de · mv. krachtbronnen	power source
energiebron	n	de · mv. energiebronnen	energy source
spanningsbron	n	de · mv. spanningsbronnen	voltage source
kortsluiten	v	sloot kort – kortgesloten	to communicate directly, to make arrangements; to short circuit
kortsluit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
kortsluite	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of kortsluiten
kortsloot	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of kortsluiten
kortslote	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of kortsluiten
verpieteren	v	verpieterde – verpieterd	to waste or lose flavour because of being cooked too long; to cause to waste or lose flavour because of being cooked too long
integreren	v	integreerde – geïntegreerd	to integrate, to assimilate; to integrate, calculate an integral
wagenziek	a		carsick
luchtziek	a		airsick
ruimteziek	a		spacesick
zeeziek	a		seasick
zonnebaden	v	zonnebaadde – gezonnebaad	to sunbathe
verpotten	v	verpotte – verpot	to repot
verplanten	v	verplantte – verplant	to replant
schoffelen	v	schoffelde – geschoffeld	to hoe, to weed with a scuffle; to weed
vlinderstruik	n	de · mv. vlinderstruiken	butterfly bush (Buddleja davidii)
maagdenpalm	n	de · mv. maagdenpalmen	vinca
witlof	n	de/het	Belgian endive (Cichorium intybus subsp. foliosum), a chicory eaten as a…
nasibal	n	de · mv. nasiballen	a deep-fried spherical traditional Javanese-influenced snack made from nasi…
kroket	n	de · mv. kroketten	a croquette filled with ragout, commonly sold in a Dutch snackbar and…
friet	n	de · mv. frieten	chips, French fries; a single chip/French fry, or a portion thereof
patat	n	de · mv. patatten	chips, French fries; a potato
erwtensoep	n	de · mv. erwtensoepen	pea soup
blakeren	v	blakerde – geblakerd	to scorch, to singe
blaker	n	de · mv. blakers	a dish or low candelabrum with a handle, used as a candleholder
schroeien	v	schroeide – geschroeid	to singe, to scorch
zengen	v	zengde – gezengd	to singe, to sear
verzengen	v	verzengde – verzengd	to sear, to burn
verschroeien	v	verschroeide – verschroeid	to scorch (to wither, parch, or destroy something by heat or fire)
verkolen	v	verkoolde – verkoold	to carbonize, to scorch
uitkuren	v	kuurde uit – uitgekuurd	to take it out on
uitkuur	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitkuren
uitkure	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitkuren
uitkuurt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitkuren
spammen	v	spamde – gespamd	to spam
herstarten	v	herstartte – herstart	to restart, to reboot
zwetsen	v	zwetste – gezwetst	to twaddle, to chatter; to talk rubbish, to tell nonsense, to waffle
kallen	v	kalde – gekald	to chat, talk
raaskallen	v	raaskalde – geraaskald	to babble incoherently, to talk gibberish, to rave
gekscheren	v	gekscheerde – gegekscheerd	to jest, poke fun; to make fun, do something silly
inklokken	v	klokte in – ingeklokt	to clock in
inklok	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inklokken
inklokt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inklokken
inklokke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inklokken
sleeën	v	sleede – gesleed	to sleigh, to sled
haspel	n	de · mv. haspels	reel (a machine on which wire, cable, hose etc. is wound); swift; niddy-noddy
verhaspelen	v	verhaspelde – verhaspeld	to mangle, to mess up; to reproduce strangely or wrongly (by speech, writing or otherwise)
afspoelen	v	spoelde af – afgespoeld	to rinse off
afspoelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afspoelen
afspoel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afspoelen
afspoele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afspoelen
doorspoelen	v	doorspoelde – doorspoeld	to move through by flushing; to permeate, pervade; to rinse thoroughly
doorspoelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorspoelen
doorspoel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorspoelen
doorspoele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorspoelen
overspoelen	v	overspoelde – overspoeld	to engulf, to flood, to wash over
uitspoelen	v	spoelde uit – uitgespoeld	to rinse out
uitspoel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitspoelen
uitspoelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitspoelen
uitspoele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitspoelen
terugspoelen	v	spoelde terug – teruggespoeld	to rewind
vooruitspoelen	v	spoelde vooruit – vooruitgespoeld	to fast forward
vooruitspoelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
vooruitspoele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vooruitspoelen
vooruitspoel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vooruitspoelen
terugspoelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugspoelen
terugspoel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugspoelen
terugspoele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugspoelen
tegenwerken	v	werkte tegen – tegengewerkt	to counter, to work in opposition to; to struggle, to be stubborn
tegenwerk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tegenwerken
tegenwerke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of tegenwerken
tegenwerkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tegenwerken
indenken	v	dacht in – ingedacht	to imagine
tegenwicht	n	het · mv. tegenwichten	counterbalance (weight that counterbalances another weight); counterbalance (force or influence that counteracts another one)
doordenken	v	doordacht – doordacht	to think through; to think further, to keep thinking
doordenkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
doordachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of doordenken (“to keep thinking”)
doordenke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doordenken (“to keep thinking”)
doordenk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doordenken (“to…
tegenaanval	n	de · mv. tegenaanvallen	counter-attack
vernieuwer	n	de · mv. vernieuwers	innovator
Hongaarse	n	de · mv. Hongaarsen	Hungarian woman
travestiet	n	de · mv. travestieten	transvestite
expanderen	v	expandeerde – geëxpandeerd	to expand
expansie	n	de · mv. expansies	expansion
minimaliseren	v	minimaliseerde – geminimaliseerd	to minimize
maximaliseren	v	maximaliseerde – gemaximaliseerd	to maximize
generaliseren	v	generaliseerde – gegeneraliseerd	to generalize
specificeren	v	specificeerde – gespecificeerd	to specify
snelkoppeling	n	de · mv. snelkoppelingen	shortcut
gaspedaal	n	het · mv. gaspedalen	an accelerator, a go pedal
pedaal	n	het · mv. pedalen	pedal
koppelingspedaal	n	het · mv. koppelingspedalen	clutch pedal
rempedaal	n	het · mv. rempedalen	brake pedal
uploaden	v	uploadde – geüpload	to upload
bandbreedte	n	de · mv. bandbreedtes	bandwidth, the width or spread of a signal's spectrum of frequencies (in Hertz); bandwidth, the transfer speed of a connection
draaggolf	n	de · mv. draaggolven	carrier wave
demoduleren	v	demoduleerde – gedemoduleerd	to demodulate
zijband	n	de · mv. zijbanden	sideband (band of frequencies); lateral ligament (band of connector tissue between bones)
amplitudemodulatie	n	de · mv. amplitudemodulaties	amplitude modulation
frequentiemodulatie	n	de · mv. frequentiemodulaties	frequency modulation
modulatie	n	de · mv. modulaties	modulation
enkelzijbandmodulatie	n	de · mv. enkelzijbandmodulaties	single sideband modulation
lostrekken	v	trok los – losgetrokken	to pull loose
lostrek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of lostrekken
lostrokt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of lostrekken
lostrekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of lostrekken
lostrok	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of lostrekken
lostrokke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of lostrekken
lostrekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of lostrekken
vastplakken	v	plakte vast – vastgeplakt	to be stuck onto something, to stick; to stick (onto something)
vastplakke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vastplakken
vastplak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vastplakken
vastplakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vastplakken
inloggen	v	logde in – ingelogd	to log in
uitloggen	v	logde uit – uitgelogd	to log out
inlog	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inloggen
inlogge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inloggen
inlogt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inloggen
uitlogt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitloggen
uitlog	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitloggen
uitlogge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitloggen
crashen	v	crashte – gecrasht	to crash; to go bankrupt
genadeslag	n	de	coup de grâce (final blow)
poedersuiker	n	de	powdered sugar, icing sugar
schommelstoel	n	de · mv. schommelstoelen	rocking chair
rivaal	n	de · mv. rivalen	rival, opponent
oprollen	v	rolde op – opgerold	to roll up; to arrest, to capture (a group of criminals for example)
vaderstad	n	de · mv. vadersteden	hometown (an individual’s place of birth)
dubieus	a		dubious, questionable
dunken	v	docht – gedocht	to think, to consider; to seem; to dunk
boeman	n	de · mv. boemannen	bogeyman; bugbear, bête noire
Pyreneeën	m		Pyrenees
rivaliteit	n	de · mv. rivaliteiten	rivalry
uitbuiten	v	buitte uit – uitgebuit	to exploit, to take advantage of, to benefit abusively from
oprol	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oprollen
oprolt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oprollen
oprolle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oprollen
uitbuit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
uitbuite	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitbuiten
volksstam	n	de · mv. volksstammen	a tribe, a clan
troep	n	de · mv. troepen	group of people or animals (such as a pride of lions or a herd of cows); troop; mess, disorder
maritiem	a		maritime
vergelden	v	vergold – vergolden	to pay back, to punish, to retaliate
falanx	n	de · mv. falanxen	a toe bone or a finger bone; a phalanx
bestormen	v	bestormde – bestormd	to storm, to assault quickly
bestorming	n	de · mv. bestormingen	storming, charge, quick attack
troonsafstand	n	de	abdication (from monarchic rule or reign)
abdicatie	n	de · mv. abdicaties	abdication
abdiceren	v	abdiceerde – geabdiceerd	to abdicate
burgerij	n	de	citizenry; bourgeoisie
opklimmen	v	klom op – opgeklommen	to climb up; to become greater, to become larger
opklim	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opklimmen
opklomme	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opklimmen
opklimme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opklimmen
opklimt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opklimmen
opklomt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opklimmen
opklom	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opklimmen
conservatief	a		conservative, opposing (rapid) change, favouring a small government; moderate, reserved; conservative, careful
conservatief	n	de · mv. conservatieven	a conservative
rasecht	a		natural, born; pure
constitutioneel	a		constitutional
smadelijk	a		slanderous, dishonourable
Pruisisch	a		Prussian (pertaining to Prussia); Prussian (pertaining to the Old Prussian language)
Pruisisch	m		Prussian (extinct Western Baltic language)
annexatie	n	de · mv. annexaties	annexation
proclamatie	n	de · mv. proclamaties	proclamation
leien	a		slaten
autoritair	a		authoritarian, dictatorial
bijtanken	v	tankte bij – bijgetankt	to refuel; to invigorate, to refresh
equiperen	v	equipeerde – geëquipeerd	to equip, to supply
breidelen	v	breidelde – gebreideld	to bridle, to restrain, to curb
distilleren	v	distilleerde – gedistilleerd	to distill; to deduce, to extract (from words)
augmenteren	v	augmenteerde – geaugmenteerd	to augment, to increase
vermeerderen	v	vermeerderde – vermeerderd	to increase in number, to multiply
bijtankt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijtanken
bijtank	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijtanken
bijtanke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bijtanken
breidel	n	de · mv. breidels	bridle
versnipperen	v	versnipperde – versnipperd	to shred, fragment
verharen	v	verhaarde – verhaard	to shed hair, to moult (of hairs)
vervellen	v	vervelde – verveld	to shed skin, to moult
vergroeien	v	vergroeide – vergroeid	to grow together; to deform (to grow out of shape)
bekeuren	v	bekeurde – bekeurd	to fine, to penalise
inladen	v	laadde in – ingeladen	to load in, to ship
uitladen	v	laadde uit – uitgeladen	to load out, to unload
inlade	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inladen
inlaadt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inladen
inlaad	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inladen
uitlaad	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitladen
uitlade	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitladen
uitlaadt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitladen
verladen	v	verlaadde – verladen	to transfer, to load to another place
uitpakken	v	pakte uit – uitgepakt	to unpack, to unload things from a package; to turn out, to end up; to show off, to live lavishly, to party, to spend a lot
uitpak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitpakken
uitpakke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitpakken
uitpakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitpakken
executeren	v	executeerde – geëxecuteerd	to execute, to kill as punishment
uitdelen	v	deelde uit – uitgedeeld	to deal out, to distribute, to share; to divide out
uitdeel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdelen
uitdeelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdelen
uitdele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitdelen
plotten	v	plotte – geplot	to plot, to trace out
trakteren	v	trakteerde – getrakteerd	to treat (to give food or drink at no expense)
opfrissen	v	friste op – opgefrist	to freshen up, to wash up
opfrisse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opfrissen
opfris	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opfrissen
opfrist	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opfrissen
verversen	v	ververste – ververst	to replace, to renew, to change
aviateur	n	de · mv. aviateurs	aviator
inparkeren	v	parkeerde in – ingeparkeerd	to park in
inparkeer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inparkeren
inparkeert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inparkeren
inparkere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inparkeren
conjugeren	v	conjugeerde – geconjugeerd	synonym of vervoegen (“to conjugate”); to conjugate
declineren	v	declineerde – gedeclineerd	to decline, to refuse; to decline
reviseren	v	reviseerde – gereviseerd	to revise
slagwerk	n	het	percussion
indexeren	v	indexeerde – geïndexeerd	to index (to account or correct for inflation); to index (to provide with an index, to arrange an index for)
ratelen	v	ratelde – gerateld	to rattle; to talk incessantly
rammelen	v	rammelde – gerammeld	to shake; to clatter, to rattle; to beat, to hit, to beat up, (historically) to whip
rammel	n	mv. rammels	beating; a gossip
zeepkist	n	de · mv. zeepkisten	a soap box; a soapbox car
indrukken	v	drukte in – ingedrukt	to press, to press down on
indrukt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of indrukken
indrukke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of indrukken
verdrukken	v	verdrukte – verdrukt	to push aside, push away; to oppress
inklappen	v	klapte in – ingeklapt	to fold in, fold up
uitklappen	v	klapte uit – uitgeklapt	to fold out
inklap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inklappen
inklappe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inklappen
inklapt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inklappen
uitklappe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitklappen
uitklapt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitklappen
uitklap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitklappen
applaudisseren	v	applaudisseerde – geapplaudisseerd	to applaud
navigeren	v	navigeerde – genavigeerd	to navigate
navigatie	n	de · mv. navigaties	navigation; a satnav
kleppen	v	klepte – geklept	to chatter
klep	n	de · mv. kleppen	hatch; visor; valve
maffen	v	mafte – gemaft	to sleep
duikelen	v	duikelde – geduikeld	to tumble, to fall over; to make capers and somersaults
buitelen	v	buitelde – gebuiteld	to tumble, to roll, to somersault
ontrollen	v	ontrolde – ontrold	to unroll
uitrollen	v	rolde uit – uitgerold	to roll out, to unroll
uitrolt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitrollen
uitrolle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitrollen
uitrol	n	de · mv. uitrollen	roll-out, (gradual) implementation
uitrol	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitrollen
uitrukken	v	rukte uit – uitgerukt	to pull out, tear out; to deploy, to roll out
uitruk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitrukken
uitrukke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitrukken
Breukelen	m		a village and former municipality of Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
uitrukt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitrukken
uitlopen	v	liep uit – uitgelopen	to walk out; to originate, to arise; to sprout, to stem
uitloopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitlopen
uitliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitlopen
uitliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitlopen
uitliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitlopen
uitloop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitlopen
uitlope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitlopen
capitulatie	n	de · mv. capitulaties	capitulation, act of surrendering
omtoveren	v	toverde om – omgetoverd	to transmogrify, to turn into using magic; to revamp
omtovert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omtoveren
omtover	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omtoveren
omtovere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omtoveren
aaneendraaien	v	draaide aaneen – aaneengedraaid	to wind together in a spiral
aaneendraait	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
aaneendraaie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aaneendraaien
aaneendraai	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aaneendraaien
Batavia	m		former name of Jakarta, used during the Dutch East Indies period
Hendriks	m		a surname originating as a patronymic
gebroeders	n		brothers
wereldtentoonstelling	n	de · mv. wereldtentoonstellingen	World Fair
sociaal	a		social
concertmeester	n	de · mv. concertmeesters	concertmaster
resteren	v	resteerde – geresteerd	to remain
platenspeler	n	de · mv. platenspelers	record player
contragewicht	n	het · mv. contragewichten	counterweight
regelbaar	a		adjustable; controllable
vinding	n	de · mv. vindingen	finding, discovery
handelsbetrekking	n	de · mv. handelsbetrekkingen	commercial relation
propageren	v	propageerde – gepropageerd	to propagate
architectuur	n	de · mv. architecturen	architecture
eeuwwisseling	n	de · mv. eeuwwisselingen	turn of the century
meesterwerk	n	het · mv. meesterwerken	masterpiece
wederopbouw	n	de	reconstruction
bijklank	n	de · mv. bijklanken	connotation
verspreider	n	de · mv. verspreiders	distributor
identiteitsbewijs	n	het · mv. identiteitsbewijzen	proof of identity, identification document; passport or ID card
juistheid	n	de · mv. juistheden	correctness
platenwinkel	n	de · mv. platenwinkels	record shop, record store
verhuren	v	verhuurde – verhuurd	to rent, rent out (To grant occupation in return for rent)
kabeltelevisie	n	de	cable television
videotheek	n	de · mv. videotheken	video rental store
oprichter	n	de · mv. oprichters	founder
legaliseren	v	legaliseerde – gelegaliseerd	to legalise (UK), legalize (US)
minderjarige	n	de · mv. minderjarigen	minor, underage person
ondoorzichtig	a		opaque
vliegverkeer	n	het	air traffic
IJslandse	n	de · mv. IJslandsen	female Icelander
levensstijl	n	de · mv. levensstijlen	lifestyle
votief	a		votive
inscriptie	n	de · mv. inscripties	inscription
graveren	v	graveerde – gegraveerd	to engrave
monumentaal	a		monumental; being, of or pertaining to monuments; grand and imposing
inkerving	n	de · mv. inkervingen	groove
songtekst	n	de · mv. songteksten	lyrics
attesteren	v	attesteerde – geattesteerd	to attest
verbreiden	v	verbreidde – verbreid	to spread, disperse
uitzweten	v	zweette uit – uitgezweet	to sweat out, to exude; to deal with (e.g. a problem), to take responsibility for
exsudatie	n	de · mv. exsudaties	exudation
exsudaat	n	het · mv. exsudaten	exudate
kuipen	v	kuipte – gekuipt	to make barrels (as a profession); to contrive, to intrigue
overrulen	v	overrulede – overruled	to overrule; to override
vooraanzicht	n	het · mv. vooraanzichten	front view
afkussen	v	kuste af – afgekust	to take away by kissing, to kiss away (e.g. pain, sorrow); to reconcile by kissing
disputeren	v	disputeerde – gedisputeerd	to dispute
disputatie	n	de · mv. disputaties	dispute, argument
kibbelen	v	kibbelde – gekibbeld	to bicker
bakkeleien	v	bakkeleide – gebakkeleid	to quarrel, to argue, to fight
kissebissen	v	kissebiste – gekissebist	to bicker, to quarrel, to squabble (to engage in petty argument)
ruziën	v	ruziede – geruzied	to quarrel
fruitmand	n	de · mv. fruitmanden	fruit basket
ontnuchteren	v	ontnuchterde – ontnuchterd	to become sober; to sober up; to disillusion
ontgoochelen	v	ontgoochelde – ontgoocheld	to disillusion
sluizen	v	sluisde – gesluisd	to sluice, to manipulate a sluice gate so as to either restrict or allow…
goochelen	v	goochelde – gegoocheld	to perform magic tricks
ontkoppelen	v	ontkoppelde – ontkoppeld	to uncouple; to declutch; to unmount
attribuut	n	het · mv. attributen	attribute (object typically associated with someone, a certain function or…; attribute
middenst	a		middlemost, midmost
aanwinnen	v	won aan – aangewonnen	to acquire; to reclaim land (from sea)
bovenst	a		uppermost
dunnen	v	dunde – gedund	to thin, to become/make slender; to become/make sparse
onderst	a		lowermost
decimeren	v	decimeerde – gedecimeerd	to decimate, to weaken
declareren	v	declareerde – gedeclareerd	to declare (inform government customs or taxation officials of goods one is…
heropenen	v	heropende – heropend	to reopen
evasie	n	de · mv. evasies	evasion; pretext, pretense
evasief	a		evasive
ecraseren	v	ecraseerde – geëcraseerd	to obliterate, to crush, to destroy
ontwijking	n	de · mv. ontwijkingen	evasion
weerleggen	v	weerlegde – weerlegd	to reject, to refute, to belie
refuteren	v	refuteerde – gerefuteerd	to refute
ruimteschip	n	het · mv. ruimteschepen	spaceship
evacueren	v	evacueerde – geëvacueerd	to evacuate, to empty out
evaluatie	n	de · mv. evaluaties	evaluation
daveren	v	daverde – gedaverd	to boom, to roar
denderen	v	denderde – gedenderd	to roar, to make a thunderous noise; to move with a thunderous noise
haaks	a		at a right angle
perinataal	a		perinatal
defecatie	n	de · mv. defecaties	defecation
ontlasting	n	de	bowel movement
ontlasten	v	ontlastte – ontlast	to unburden, to relieve (a load); to relieve (from a duty); to relieve oneself, to move one's bowel, defecate
tutoyeren	v	tutoyeerde – getutoyeerd	to address someone casually by using jij, jou or the unemphatic je, as…
jijen	v	jijde – gejijd	to address someone casually by using jij, jou, je, as opposed to formal u
vousvoyeren	v	vousvoyeerde – gevousvoyeerd	to address someone with the formal second person pronoun u
overwelven	v	overwelfde – overwelfd	to overarch
welven	v	welfde – gewelfd	to bend like an arch, to arch; to be shaped like an arch, to become arch-shaped
verdoemen	v	verdoemde – verdoemd	to damn; to curse; to bring doom upon
doemen	v	doemde – gedoemd	to doom, to condemn
doem	n	de	doom, condemnation; verdict, conviction, judgement
uitzwete	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitzweten
uitzweet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
afkus	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkussen
afkust	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkussen
afkusse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afkussen
aanwinne	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanwinnen
aanwin	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanwinnen
aanwont	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanwinnen
aanwon	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanwinnen
aanwonne	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanwinnen
aanwint	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanwinnen
daverend	a		resounding, tremendous, enormous
biatlon	n	de · mv. biatlons	biathlon; a biathlon
flagel	n	de · mv. flagellen	flagellum
methode	n	de · mv. methoden	method
versoepelen	v	versoepelde – versoepeld	to become more flexible, to relax; to make more flexible, to relax
plooibaar	a		foldable; pliable, flexible
voleindigen	v	voleindigde – voleindigd	to complete, to finish
malverseren	v	malverseerde – gemalverseerd	to embezzle, to peculate, to malversate
onbezield	a		uninspired, listless; inanimate
luxeren	v	luxeerde – geluxeerd	to dislocate, to luxate
bewindsman	n	de · mv. bewindslieden	male minister (senior or junior) or secretary of state
Egyptenaar	n	de · mv. Egyptenaren	an Egyptian
kruislings	a		crosswise
kruiselings	a		crosswise
verering	n	de · mv. vereringen	devotion, worship
handgeklap	n	het	handclapping (a form of music); applause
tamboerijn	n	de · mv. tamboerijnen	tambourine
tempelen	v	tempelde – getempeld	to go to church
werkplaats	n	de · mv. werkplaatsen	workshop; a Masonic lodge
getalenteerd	a		talented
respecteren	v	respecteerde – gerespecteerd	to respect
musicoloog	n	de · mv. musicologen	musicologist
heptatonisch	a		heptatonic
idiofoon	n	de · mv. idiofonen	idiophone
fluitje	n	het · mv. fluitjes	a kind of beer glass
castagnet	n	de · mv. castagnetten	castanet
luchtstroom	n	de · mv. luchtstromen	air current
aerofoon	n	de · mv. aerofonen	aerophone
speelster	n	de · mv. speelsters	a female player (of a game or musical instrument)
bloedstroom	n	de · mv. bloedstromen	blood flow
inschatten	v	schatte in – ingeschat	to assess, to evaluate
schromelijk	a		extreme, excessive
schromelijk	d		extremely, excessively
waterstaat	n	de · mv. waterstaten	water management; a government agency or department responsible for the maintenance of…
toeverlaat	n	de · mv. toeverlaten	helpful, reliable person; confidant; mainstay
snelweg	n	de · mv. snelwegen	highway (major thoroughfare road)
autosnelweg	n	de · mv. autosnelwegen	motorway, freeway
inschat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
kalken	v	kalkte – gekalkt	to apply chalk; to write
opsturen	v	stuurde op – opgestuurd	to send, to post, to ship
opstuurt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opsturen
opsture	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opsturen
opstuur	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opsturen
voorschieten	v	schoot voor – voorgeschoten	to advance (money), to pay in advance
voorschiet	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorschieten
voorschiett	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorschieten
voorschoot	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorschieten
voorschoott	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorschieten
voorschiete	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voorschieten
voorschote	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voorschieten
neersteken	v	stak neer – neergestoken	to stab (in order to injure or kill)
adverteren	v	adverteerde – geadverteerd	to advertise, to place an advertisement
biochemisch	a		biochemical (of or relating to biochemistry)
tweehonderd	u		two hundred
variantie	n	de · mv. varianties	variance
insteken	v	stak in – ingestoken	to stab; to insert, to put in (such as to lead a knitting needle through a loop)
glazenmaker	n	de · mv. glazenmakers	a glazier; a hawker, aeshnid (any dragonfly of the Aeshnidae family)
glaszetter	n	de · mv. glaszetters	a glazier
straalstroom	n	de · mv. straalstromen	jet stream
neerstak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of neersteken
neersteke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of neersteken
neerstaakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of neersteken
neersteek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neersteken
neersteekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neersteken
neerstake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of neersteken
insteek	n	de · mv. insteken	approach, manner, take, line
insteek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of insteken
instake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of insteken
instaakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of insteken
insteekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of insteken
insteke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of insteken
instak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of insteken
emotie	n	de · mv. emoties	emotion
cliënt	n	de · mv. cliënten	client, customer (of a service provider)
derogeren	v	derogeerde – gederogeerd	to repeal, to annul (a law or a tradition)
derogatie	n	de · mv. derogaties	derogation of a law or part of a law either temporarily or permanently
eidooier	n	de · mv. eidooiers	egg yolk
embryologie	n	de	embryology
ontwikkelingsbiologie	n	de	developmental biology
embryonaal	a		embryonic
priesteres	n	de · mv. priesteressen	priestess
moedergodin	n	de · mv. moedergodinnen	mother goddess
slachthuis	n	het · mv. slachthuizen	abattoir, slaughterhouse
proteïne	n	de · mv. proteïnen	protein (complex molecule)
diëten	v	dieette – gedieet	to be on a diet
halssnoer	n	het · mv. halssnoeren	necklace
verlovingsring	n	de · mv. verlovingsringen	engagement ring
trouwring	n	de · mv. trouwringen	wedding ring
dienstig	a		useful
oorring	n	de · mv. oorringen	ring-shaped earring
halsketting	n	de · mv. halskettingen	necklace
hartvormig	a		heart-shaped
e-mailadres	n	het · mv. e-mailadressen	e-mail address
condenseren	v	condenseerde – gecondenseerd	to condense
Myceens	a		Mycenaean
Minoïsch	a		Minoan
blauwtje	n	het · mv. blauwtjes	a rejection, in particular a romantic rejection; a blue, a butterfly of the lycaenid subfamily Polyommatinae
eetlepel	n	de · mv. eetlepels	tablespoon (spoon, used for eating food); tablespoon (unit of measure = 15 milliliters)
soeplepel	n	de · mv. soeplepels	soupspoon (spoon for eating soup); ladle (spoon for serving soup)
groentesoep	n	de · mv. groentesoepen	vegetable soup
maatlepel	n	de · mv. maatlepels	measuring spoon
theelepel	n	de · mv. theelepels	teaspoon (for tea); teaspoon (for measuring liquid volume)
theeglas	n	het · mv. theeglazen	tea glass (a glass meant to contain tea)
aardewerken	a		earthenware
geboortehuis	n	het · mv. geboortehuizen	birthplace (note: only if the birthplace is a house), house of one's birth,…
elizabethaans	a		Elizabethan (pertaining to the person, rule or period of Elizabeth I of England)
wethouder	n	de · mv. wethouders	alderman or public municipal administrator
geboorteplaats	n	de · mv. geboorteplaatsen	birthplace
doodzonde	n	de · mv. doodzonden	a mortal sin; an unforgivable mistake or crime; a terrible shame
doodzonde	a		very wasteful, incredibly wasteful
fatisch	a		phatic
hoofdzonde	n	de · mv. hoofdzonden	deadly sin, cardinal sin
oscilleren	v	oscilleerde – geoscilleerd	to oscillate
oscillatie	n	de · mv. oscillaties	oscillation
schulpen	v	schulpte – geschulpt	to decorate with shells or shell-shaped edges; to become shell-shaped
repercussie	n	de · mv. repercussies	repercussion, consequence
caronade	n	de · mv. caronades	dated spelling of carronade
foerageren	v	foerageerde – gefoerageerd	to forage
annoteren	v	annoteerde – geannoteerd	to annotate
uitwerpen	v	wierp uit – uitgeworpen	to cast, to throw out; to reject
inschakelen	v	schakelde in – ingeschakeld	to switch on, turn on, to enable (to put a device into action or activate a…; to call in
inschakele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inschakelen
inschakelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inschakelen
inschakel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inschakelen
doorschakelen	v	schakelde door – doorgeschakeld	to transfer, to put through, to reroute
doorschakelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
doorschakele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorschakelen
doorschakel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorschakelen
sommeren	v	sommeerde – gesommeerd	to sum up, to add up; to demand, to dun (a payment)
kalibreren	v	kalibreerde – gekalibreerd	to calibrate
ontsnappingssnelheid	n	de · mv. ontsnappingssnelheden	escape velocity
dongel	n	de · mv. dongels	dongle
loopplank	n	de · mv. loopplanken	gangplank
prognosticeren	v	prognosticeerde – geprognosticeerd	to forecast, to predict, to prognosticate
wagenmenner	n	de · mv. wagenmenners	charioteer
bedaren	v	bedaarde – bedaard	to become calm, to calm down
retarderen	v	retardeerde – geretardeerd	to delay, to hold up
systematiseren	v	systematiseerde – gesystematiseerd	to organize, to put into order, to systemize
kalmeren	v	kalmeerde – gekalmeerd	to become calm, to calm down; to cause to become calm, to calm down
uitwerpe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitwerpen
uitwerp	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitwerpen
uitwierp	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitwerpen
uitwerpt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitwerpen
uitwierpt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitwerpen
uitwierpe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitwerpen
inwerpen	v	wierp in – ingeworpen	to throw in; to insert
inwierp	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inwerpen
inwierpe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inwerpen
inwerpt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inwerpen
inwerp	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inwerpen
inwierpt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of inwerpen
inwerpe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inwerpen
seniel	a		senile (of, or relating to old age; having poor memory or poor mental faculties)
maatschappelijk	a		societal; social
standaardafwijking	n	de · mv. standaardafwijkingen	standard deviation
standaarddeviatie	n	de · mv. standaarddeviaties	standard deviation
voorprogramma	n	het · mv. voorprogramma's	opening act, preceding the main act/artist
duivels	a		devilish
duivelachtig	a		malevolent
doortrapt	a		shrewd, cunning; mean, malevolent
schandalig	a		scandalous, shameful; outrageous
teisteren	v	teisterde – geteisterd	to infest, to scourge, to ravage
emotioneren	v	emotioneerde – geëmotioneerd	to become emotional
emotionaliteit	n	de · mv. emotionaliteiten	the state of being susceptible to emotions, effusiveness
emotioneel	a		emotional, sentimental
middenweg	n	de · mv. middenwegen	middle ground, compromise, moderation
problematiek	n	de · mv. problematieken	collectively referring to all the problems concerning a certain issue in a…
problematiek	a		problematic
vergeving	n	de · mv. vergevingen	forgiveness
vergiffenis	n	de · mv. vergiffenissen	forgiveness
barmhartigheid	n	de · mv. barmhartigheden	mercy; charity
bevredigen	v	bevredigde – bevredigd	to satisfy, to satiate
oraal	a		oral
oraal	d		orally
misdienaar	n	de · mv. misdienaars	acolyte, altar boy or altar girl
misdienette	n	de · mv. misdienettes	a female acolyte
volwassenheid	n	de	adulthood
werkgroep	n	de · mv. werkgroepen	workgroup, taskforce
priesterschap	n	de · mv. priesterschappen	priesthood (referring to priests as a whole); priesthood (state of being a priest); one of the three major orders of the Roman Catholic Church - the priestly order
priesterlijk	a		priestly
beraden	v	beraadde – beraden	to consider, to think, to wonder
beraden	a		thoughtful
diskrediet	n	het	discredit
Peruaans	a		Peruvian
Peruaan	n	de · mv. Peruanen	a Peruvian
standje	n	het · mv. standjes	sexual position; a scolding
boksen	v	bokste – gebokst	to box, to play boxing
consequentie	n	de · mv. consequenties	consequence, result
stimuleren	v	stimuleerde – gestimuleerd	to stimulate; to encourage; to promote
desoxyribonucleïnezuur	n	het · mv. desoxyribonucleïnezuren	deoxyribonucleic acid
lijfspreuk	n	de · mv. lijfspreuken	motto (personal motto, rather than heraldic)
aanmerking	n	de · mv. aanmerkingen	comment; commentary; criticism
ontrafeling	n	de · mv. ontrafelingen	unraveling
maansverduistering	n	de · mv. maansverduisteringen	lunar eclipse
Maan	m		the Moon (Earth's natural satellite)
ietsje	d		somewhat, a little bit
vervroegen	v	vervroegde – vervroegd	to advance, hasten; to bring forward (appointment, etc.)
fusilleren	v	fusilleerde – gefusilleerd	to execute by firing squad
onkuisheid	n	de · mv. onkuisheden	unchastity
chemicus	n	de · mv. chemici	chemist
onjuistheid	n	de · mv. onjuistheden	mistake, error
urinoir	n	het · mv. urinoirs	urinal
curiositeit	n	de · mv. curiositeiten	curiosity (unique or extraordinary object)
curieus	a		rare, curious, remarkable
dumpen	v	dumpte – gedumpt	to dump, to dispose off, either to throw away something or to break up with…; to dump, to sell at excessively low price
bekostigen	v	bekostigde – bekostigd	to finance, to pay for
financierder	n	de · mv. financierders	sponsor
onbewoond	a		uninhabited
vaandel	n	het · mv. vaandels	ensign; banner, pennant
correlatie	n	de · mv. correlaties	correlation
beredeneren	v	beredeneerde – beredeneerd	to argue, reason
medeweten	n	het	knowledge
Turkse	n	de · mv. Turksen	a female Turk
globaliseren	v	globaliseerde – geglobaliseerd	to globalize
globaal	a		general, not precise, rough; global, worldwide
effectueren	v	effectueerde – geëffectueerd	to effect, to carry out, to execute
attaqueren	v	attaqueerde – geattaqueerd	to attack, to assault
expliciet	a		explicit (specific, detailed)
impliciet	a		implicit
heilzaam	a		healthy, salutiferous
bloedcel	n	de · mv. bloedcellen	blood cell
aartsmoeder	n	de · mv. aartsmoeders	matriarch
stadscentrum	n	het · mv. stadscentra	city center
centrumrechts	a		center-right (US), centre-right (UK)
parlementsverkiezing	n	de · mv. parlementsverkiezingen	parliamentary election
eilandstaat	n	de · mv. eilandstaten	island state
Peruaanse	n	de · mv. Peruaansen	Peruvian woman
seismoloog	n	de · mv. seismologen	seismologist
seismologie	n	de	seismology
lakenhandelaar	n	de · mv. lakenhandelaars	a merchant in woollen broadcloth (fulled and woven fabrics made of wool)
tussenkomst	n	de · mv. tussenkomsten	intervention
tussenkomen	v	kwam tussen – tussengekomen	to intervene
presidentsverkiezing	n	de · mv. presidentsverkiezingen	presidential election
vliegtuigongeluk	n	het · mv. vliegtuigongelukken	plane crash
tussenkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tussenkomen
tussenkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of tussenkomen
tussenkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of tussenkomen
tussenkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of tussenkomen
tussenkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of tussenkomen
tussenkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tussenkomen
hogergeschoold	a		highly educated
hogergeschoolde	n	de · mv. hogergeschoolden	highly educated person
doctorsgraad	n	de · mv. doctorsgraden	doctorate
vermelding	n	de · mv. vermeldingen	mention
zwaargewonde	n	de · mv. zwaargewonden	a badly injured person
injecteren	v	injecteerde – geïnjecteerd	inject (to push or pump something in)
politicologie	n	de	political science
elektrotechniek	n	de	electrical engineering, electrotechnology
toestellen	v	stelde toe – toegesteld	to provide, ready
posterij	n	de · mv. posterijen	post office; a postal system or organization
posterijen	n		the postal system as a whole
bootreis	n	de · mv. bootreizen	boat trip
extrusief	a		extrusive
bouwheer	n	de · mv. bouwheren	a master mason
aanblik	n	de · mv. aanblikken	appearance, aspect
dakloze	n	de · mv. daklozen	homeless person
veelgebruikt	a		much-used
bediener	n	de · mv. bedieners	operator
vergunnen	v	vergunde – vergund	to authorise (UK), authorize (US)
corrosief	a		corrosive
transformator	n	de · mv. transformatoren	transformer
benieuwd	a		longing to see, hear or understand, curious
benieuwen	v	benieuwde – benieuwd	to arouse a feeling of curiosity or longing to see, hear or understand something
navelpiercing	n	de · mv. navelpiercings	navel piercing
verbalisant	n	de · mv. verbalisanten	a reporting officer
wereldheer	n	de · mv. wereldheren	secular clergyman
hekserij	n	de · mv. hekserijen	witchcraft; something quite difficult
mierenboerderij	n	de · mv. mierenboerderijen	formicarium, antfarm
cellenbeton	n	het	autoclave cellular concrete
lichtgewicht	n	het · mv. lichtgewichten	lightweight (player with a low mass); lightweight, someone with little skill or competence; a lightweight object
lichtgewicht	a		lightweight
homepage	n	de · mv. homepages	home page
ontladen	v	ontlaadde – ontladen	to discharge (electricity); to relax, to release (stress)
ontlading	n	de · mv. ontladingen	electrical discharge; relaxation, release of stress
plezier	n	het	fun, leisure; pleasure
sokpop	n	de · mv. sokpoppen	sock puppet
prostaatkanker	n	de · mv. prostaatkankers	prostate cancer
prostaat	n	de · mv. prostaten	prostate
krikken	v	krikte – gekrikt	to fuck, to bang
stimulatie	n	de · mv. stimulaties	stimulation
paniek	n	de	panic
paniek	a		panic
paniekerig	a		panicky
onvermoeid	a		indefatigable
medisch	a		medical
medicineren	v	medicineerde – gemedicineerd	to medicate; to ingest (medicine)
medicatie	n	de · mv. medicaties	medication, medical treatment
dweilen	v	dweilde – gedweild	to clean the floor using a floorcloth, e.g. with water and soap, or to dry…
jongelui	n		youth, youngsters
inspreken	v	sprak in – ingesproken	to record (especially sound); to reason with, gently advise, pep, encourage, talk sense into
dorstig	a		thirsty
immuniteitssysteem	n	het · mv. immuniteitssystemen	immune system
mondialisering	n	de	globalisation (UK), globalization (US)
uitstorten	v	stortte uit – uitgestort	to pour out, to effuse; to confess, to make known
lozen	v	loosde – geloosd	to drain, to discharge (e.g. waste water); to drive away, to force to leave
overtollig	a		superfluous, excess
potentieel	n	het	potential
potentieel	a		potential
potentieel	d		potentially
diaconie	n	de · mv. diaconieën	a legal person, usually a committee, responsible for the ecclesiastical…
turkooizen	a		turquoisen
videocratie	n	de · mv. videocratieën	videocracy
halacha	m		Halacha
vroegtijdig	a		premature
zaadlozing	n	de · mv. zaadlozingen	ejaculation
ejaculeren	v	ejaculeerde – geëjaculeerd	to ejaculate
inspreekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inspreken
insprak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inspreken
insprake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inspreken
inspreek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inspreken
inspraakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of inspreken
inspreke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inspreken
uitstort	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
uitstorte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitstorten
verdoen	v	verdeed – verdaan	to waste
wegkwijnen	v	kwijnde weg – weggekwijnd	to waste away
wegkwijn	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegkwijnen
wegkwijne	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of wegkwijnen
wegkwijnt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegkwijnen
kommagetal	n	het · mv. kommagetallen	a number which contains a decimal comma
pauzeregeling	n	de · mv. pauzeregelingen	break schedule (i.e. a schedule which says when the breaktimes are during a…
weerwil	n	de	reluctance, something contrary to one's will
voorbaat	n	de	earliness, timeliness, punctuality; profit, advance
krokant	a		crispy, crunchy
Hottentottententoonstelling	m		Hottentot exhibition
parapluhandelaar	n	de · mv. parapluhandelaars	umbrella seller
hieperdepiep	i		hip hip (as a cheer)
klank	n	de · mv. klanken	sound
vroegtijdigheid	n	de	prematureness
aanlengen	v	lengde aan – aangelengd	to dilute, water down
afzoeken	v	zocht af – afgezocht	to search (an area) thoroughly
doorzoeken	v	doorzocht – doorzocht	to search through; to continue searching
afzocht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afzoeken
afzoekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzoeken
afzoek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzoeken
afzochte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afzoeken
afzoeke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afzoeken
doorzocht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorzoeken (“to continue…
aanlengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanlengen
aanleng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanlengen
aanlenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanlengen
verheerlijken	v	verheerlijkte – verheerlijkt	to glorify
bankroet	a		bankrupt
bankroet	n	het · mv. bankroeten	bankruptcy
contactsleutel	n	de · mv. contactsleutels	a car key, an engine key
bebloed	a		bloody, sanguine
bebroeden	v	bebroedde – bebroed	to incubate (eggs)
boerka	n	de · mv. boerka's	burka
Patagonië	m		Patagonia
verhullen	v	verhulde – verhuld	to conceal, to cover
bijbrengen	v	bracht bij – bijgebracht	to teach, to instill (an ideal); to resuscitate, to bring around
landarbeider	n	de · mv. landarbeiders	peasant, farmhand, or any hired hand working for a landowner
proletariër	n	de · mv. proletariërs	proletarian
activisme	n	het · mv. activismen	activism
nationalistisch	a		nationalist, nationalistic
mikken	v	mikte – gemikt	to aim, to target; to intend; to throw
maoïsme	n	het	Maoism
maoïst	n	de · mv. maoïsten	a Maoist
marxisme-leninisme	n	het	Marxism-Leninism
proletariaat	n	het · mv. proletariaten	the proletariat, the working class
proletariseren	v	proletariseerde – geproletariseerd	to become a proletarian; to cause to become a proletarian
bondgenootschap	n	het · mv. bondgenootschappen	alliance
herwinnen	v	herwon – herwonnen	to recover, to get back
omsingelen	v	omsingelde – omsingeld	to surround, to envelop, to encircle
uitbraak	n	de · mv. uitbraken	outbreak, esp. of diseases; breakout, escape
uitbraak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbraken
uitbraken	v	braakte uit – uitgebraakt	to vomit; to spew out (curses)
bijbreng	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijbrengen
bijbrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of bijbrengen
bijbracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of bijbrengen
bijbrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of bijbrengen
bijbrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of bijbrengen
uitbraaksel	n	het · mv. uitbraaksels	vomit
desoriënteren	v	desoriënteerde – gedesoriënteerd	to disorientate
desoriëntatie	n	de	disorientation
legitiem	a		legitimate
onwettelijk	a		unlawful
onwettelijkheid	n	de · mv. onwettelijkheden	unlawfulness, illegality
wettelijkheid	n	de · mv. wettelijkheden	lawfulness, legality
wandelaar	n	de · mv. wandelaars	hiker; walker, someone who walks
singeltje	n	het · mv. singeltjes	a single (vinyl record)
cingel	n	de · mv. cingels	a cincture (a part of the priestly vestments)
Buren	m		Buren (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands); a village in Ameland, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
investeren	v	investeerde – geïnvesteerd	to invest
investering	n	de · mv. investeringen	investment
aandragen	v	droeg aan – aangedragen	to bring forth; to put forth, to suggest, to supply (e.g. an idea)
omafiets	n	de · mv. omafietsen	a Dutch roadster bicycle (a type of bicycle often seen in the Netherlands),…
naafversnelling	n	de · mv. naafversnellingen	hub gear (for changing speeds on a bike)
olievlek	n	de · mv. olievlekken	oil slick
olieramp	n	de · mv. olierampen	oil spill; oil-related disaster
kernramp	n	de · mv. kernrampen	nuclear disaster
Kuyper	m		a surname, variant of Kuiper
onmannelijk	a		unmanly
maffer	n	de · mv. maffers	sleeper (one who sleeps)
scharen	v	schaarde – geschaard	to arrange, draw up, line up; to rally; to jack-knife (of motor vehicles: fold like a jack-knife)
schare	n	de · mv. scharen	crowd
uitbrake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitbraken
uitbraakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitbraken
aandraag	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aandragen
aandroege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aandragen
aandroegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aandragen
aandraagt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aandragen
aandrage	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aandragen
aandroeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aandragen
fierljeppen	v	fierljepte – gefierljept	to perform fierljeppen
fierljeppen	n	het	fierljeppen
ingrediënt	n	het · mv. ingrediënten	ingredient
piraterij	n	de · mv. piraterijen	piracy, plundering at sea; piracy, illegal appropriation or reproduction of intellectual property; radio piracy, illegal broadcasting
bereikbaar	a		reachable; achievable, attainable
onbereikbaar	a		unreachable, unattainable, unachievable
doorgeefluik	n	het · mv. doorgeefluiken	a hatch or a shutter in a wall, in particular between the dining room and…; a medium, a broker; mere conduit
tussenpersoon	n	de · mv. tussenpersonen	mediator, middleman, intermediary
tribadisme	n	het	lesbianism, tribadism
Britse	n	de · mv. Britsen	female Briton; British woman
shigellose	n	de · mv. shigellosen	shigellosis
paragraaf	n	de · mv. paragrafen	section, a subdivision of a chapter, usually consisting of multiple paragraphs
makron	n	de · mv. makrons	macaroon
sloep	n	de · mv. sloepen	a small boat, with oars and historically often with a mast; rowing boat or…
hagelgeweer	n	het · mv. hagelgeweren	shotgun
jachtgeweer	n	het · mv. jachtgeweren	a long gun used for hunting; a hunting rifle or shotgun
bevoorraden	v	bevoorraadde – bevoorraad	to supply, to provision
katjes	i		sic 'em
rommelen	v	rommelde – gerommeld	to rumble (make a rumbling sound); to mess around, fiddle
plenzen	v	plensde – geplensd	to bucket, to rain cats and dogs (to rain heavily)
leeglopen	v	liep leeg – leeggelopen	to lose its contents gradually, to empty out, to drain
leegliepe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of leeglopen
leegliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of leeglopen
leegliept	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of leeglopen
leegloopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of leeglopen
leeglope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of leeglopen
leegloop	n	de · mv. leeglopen	a large decrease, drain or outflux, an exodus or bloodletting; underutilisation; the operation of machines without a load
leegloop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of leeglopen
inburgeren	v	burgerde in – ingeburgerd	to integrate into a (foreign) society; to become an accepted part of culture or language
inburger	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inburgeren
inburgere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inburgeren
inburgert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inburgeren
uitpluizen	v	ploos uit – uitgeplozen	to investigate, to explore, to get to the bottom of
uitploze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitpluizen
uitpluist	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitpluizen
uitpluis	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitpluizen
uitploost	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitpluizen
uitpluize	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitpluizen
uitploos	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitpluizen
armleuning	n	de · mv. armleuningen	armrest
Mantsjoerije	m		Manchuria (a region of northeastern China comprising the three provinces of…
domineren	v	domineerde – gedomineerd	to dominate
dominatie	n	de · mv. dominaties	domination (act or state of dominating)
verkassen	v	verkaste – verkast	to move to another greenhouse; to move to another place (house, patch of ground, seat etc.)
opzouten	v	zoutte op – opgezout	to salt up, to pickle; to bottle up, to hold in, to not express; to get lost, to go away, to piss off
opzout	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
opzoute	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opzouten
pekelen	v	pekelde – gepekeld	to pickle (to preserve in salt or vinegar)
transformeren	v	transformeerde – getransformeerd	to transform
omvormen	v	vormde om – omgevormd	to transform, to reshape
omvormer	n	de · mv. omvormers	convertor
omvormt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omvormen
omvorm	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omvormen
omvorme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omvormen
hyperventileren	v	hyperventileerde – gehyperventileerd	to hyperventilate
herladen	v	herlaadde – herladen	to reload
vonken	v	vonkte – gevonkt	to spark (to give off sparks)
knetteren	v	knetterde – geknetterd	to crackle
verroesten	v	verroestte – verroest	to rust away
verroest	i		Exclamation of surprise at a newly discovered fact
verdraaien	v	verdraaide – verdraaid	to twist, to contort; to twist, distort (the truth, one's words etc.)
verdraaid	a		darned
verdraaid	i		darn it!
eredivisie	n	de · mv. eredivisies	the highest league in the league system of a sport, chiefly with regard to…
Sjanghai	m		Shanghai (a major port city and direct-administered municipality of China,…
boorplatform	n	het · mv. boorplatformen	offshore drilling rig
zuidkust	n	de · mv. zuidkusten	south coast
suikerwater	n	het · mv. suikerwaters	sugar water
satellietfoto	n	de · mv. satellietfoto's	satellite image
zinnenprikkelend	a		titillating, erotic, erotically stimulating
onderkoning	n	de · mv. onderkoningen	viceroy
hormoonspiegel	n	de · mv. hormoonspiegels	hormone level
vroegte	n	de · mv. vroegten	early hours (of the morning)
lijp	a		foolish, crazy; dangerous, risky; cool
kweker	n	de · mv. kwekers	nurseryman, cultivator; breeder (e.g. of fish)
Eindhoven	m		Eindhoven (a city and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands)
cafetaria	n	de · mv. cafetaria's	small restaurant, cafeteria; snack bar
motorcrosser	n	de · mv. motorcrossers	motocross racer
startpunt	n	het · mv. startpunten	starting point
tegencultuur	n	de · mv. tegenculturen	counterculture
subcultuur	n	de · mv. subculturen	subculture
kapitalistisch	a		capitalist, capitalistic
evolutionair	a		evolutionary
anglicaans	a		Anglican
klompje	n	het · mv. klompjes	a nugget
strijkkraal	n	de · mv. strijkkralen	fusible bead
gebedssnoer	n	het · mv. gebedssnoeren	prayer beads (arranged in a necklace)
boeddhistisch	a		Buddhist
reciteren	v	reciteerde – gereciteerd	to recite
chanten	v	chantte – gechant	to chant
hindoeïsme	n	het	Hinduism
hindoeïstisch	a		Hindu, Hinduistic
reïncarnatie	n	de · mv. reïncarnaties	reincarnation
triumviraat	n	het · mv. triumviraten	triumvirate
collectivisatie	n	de	collectivization
collectiviseren	v	collectiviseerde – gecollectiviseerd	to collectivize
effectief	a		effective
effectief	d		effectively; really
wegvliegen	v	vloog weg – weggevlogen	to fly away; to flee, to swiftly run away
rekwireren	v	rekwireerde – gerekwireerd	to requisition, to demand for supplies
samenvoegen	v	voegde samen – samengevoegd	to combine, to merge, to unite
voorzitterschap	n	het · mv. voorzitterschappen	leadership, chairpersonship
rectificeren	v	rectificeerde – gerectificeerd	to rectify, to correct
rectificatie	n	de · mv. rectificaties	rectification
wantrouwig	a		suspicious, distrustful
rookverbod	n	de · mv. rookverboden	smoking ban
wegvloog	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of wegvliegen
wegvloogt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of wegvliegen
wegvliege	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of wegvliegen
wegvliegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegvliegen
wegvlieg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegvliegen
wegvloge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of wegvliegen
samenvoege	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of samenvoegen
samenvoegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenvoegen
samenvoeg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of samenvoegen
broosheid	n	de · mv. broosheden	fragility
breekbaarheid	n	de · mv. breekbaarheden	fragility, breakability, vulnerability
fragiel	a		fragile (easily damaged)
fragiliteit	n	de · mv. fragiliteiten	fragility
zelfkritiek	n	de	self-criticism
archiefmateriaal	n	het · mv. archiefmaterialen	archive material
speels	a		casual, relaxed; playful
doopboek	n	het · mv. doopboeken	a book containing a baptismal register
noordwestelijk	a		northwestern, northwesterly
kerkvoogd	n	de · mv. kerkvoogden	prelate; churchwarden
terugtrekking	n	de · mv. terugtrekkingen	withdrawal, retreat
volksrepubliek	n	de · mv. volksrepublieken	people's republic
ouderling	n	de · mv. ouderlingen	elder (officer of the church)
bewinden	v	bewond – bewonden	to wind or wrap around; to meddle, to influence; to rule, to govern
diaken	n	de · mv. diakenen	deacon (person involved in an ecclesiastical lay office for social affairs…; deacon (male in an unordained clerical office qualified for parish work)
vertragen	v	vertraagde – vertraagd	to slow down, to delay
verlangzamen	v	verlangzaamde – verlangzaamd	to slow down
maoïstisch	a		Maoist
rantsoen	n	het · mv. rantsoenen	ration; synonym of losgeld (“ransom”)
rantsoeneren	v	rantsoeneerde – gerantsoeneerd	to ration, to provide with supplies
hamsteren	v	hamsterde – gehamsterd	to hoard (e.g. food, supplies), typically for emergencies
afruimen	v	ruimde af – afgeruimd	to clear, to undeck (a surface of objects, such as a table of dishes)
revolteren	v	revolteerde – gerevolteerd	to revolt
luxueus	a		luxurious, expensive
leegmaken	v	maakte leeg – leeggemaakt	to empty
boekje	n	het · mv. boekjes	a booklet; document in such format, e.g. a checkbook
roerganger	n	de · mv. roergangers	helmsman
betitelen	v	betitelde – betiteld	to title, to name; to caption
tribunaal	n	het · mv. tribunalen	tribunal
leemte	n	de · mv. leemtes	hole, gap, omission, void
intellectueel	a		intellectual
intellectueel	n	de · mv. intellectuelen	an intellectual
smoren	v	smoorde – gesmoord	to smother, to suffocate, to deprive of oxygen; to muffle, to repress, to diminish, to die out; to braise
mobiliseren	v	mobiliseerde – gemobiliseerd	to mobilize
mobilisatie	n	de · mv. mobilisaties	mobilisation (UK), mobilization (US)
adolescentie	n	de · mv. adolescenties	adolescence
fabrieken	v	fabriekte – gefabriekt	to forge (create a forgery); to build, to make
alsook	c		as well as
persisteren	v	persisteerde – gepersisteerd	to persist, to persevere
afruime	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afruimen
afruim	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afruimen
afruimt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afruimen
leegmake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of leegmaken
leegmaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of leegmaken
leegmaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of leegmaken
voorlichting	n	de · mv. voorlichtingen	explanation, clarification, clearing up
provinciaal	a		provincial
gemeentelijk	a		municipal
implementeren	v	implementeerde – geïmplementeerd	to implement
gepeupel	n	het	rabble, plebs
voorhamer	n	de · mv. voorhamers	sledgehammer, forehammer
Bevrijdingsdag	m		Liberation Day, i.e. VE Day (Victory in Europe day): celebrated as a holiday…
deinen	v	deinde – gedeind	to bob (to move up and down with the motion of waves)
uk	n	de · mv. ukken	small child, tot
federalisering	n	de · mv. federaliseringen	federalization (US), federalisation (UK)
federaliseren	v	federaliseerde – gefederaliseerd	to federalize/federalise
coalitieregering	n	de · mv. coalitieregeringen	coalition government; a government formed by a coalition (formal…
oppositieleider	n	de · mv. oppositieleiders	leader of the opposition
centrumlinks	a		center-left (US), centre-left (UK)
centristisch	a		centrist
straathoek	n	de · mv. straathoeken	street corner
vijfhonderd	u		five hundred
ongelezen	a		unread
definitie	n	de · mv. definities	definition (i.e. statement of the meaning of a term)
heteluchtballon	n	de · mv. heteluchtballonnen	hot-air balloon
lamsvlees	n	het	lamb meat
groenblijvend	a		evergreen
atheïsme	n	het	atheism
atheïst	n	de · mv. atheïsten	atheist
analfabetisme	n	het	illiteracy
alfabeet	n	de · mv. alfabeten	a literate
alfabetisme	n	het	literacy
amyotrofisch	a		amyotrophic
lateraal	a		lateral
ziekbed	n	het · mv. ziekbedden	sickbed; a spell of sickness
interpretatie	n	de · mv. interpretaties	interpretation, one's own explanation
interpreteren	v	interpreteerde – geïnterpreteerd	to interpret
inslaan	v	sloeg in – ingeslagen	to shatter, to break with force; to turn into, to follow (e.g. a different path or a corner); to make provision for (e.g. a feast)
oxideren	v	oxideerde – geoxideerd	to oxidize
oxidatie	n	de · mv. oxidaties	oxidation
insloeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inslaan
insloegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of inslaan
inslaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inslaan
insloege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inslaan
toxicoloog	n	de · mv. toxicologen	toxicologist
cacaoboter	n	de	cocoa butter
vulling	n	de · mv. vullingen	filling; placeholder
emulgator	n	de · mv. emulgatoren	emulsifier
emulgeren	v	emulgeerde – geëmulgeerd	to emulsify
emulsie	n	de · mv. emulsies	an emulsion (stable suspension); an emulsion (photosensitive coating)
heteroseksualiteit	n	de	heterosexuality
biseksualiteit	n	de	bisexuality
aseksualiteit	n	de	asexuality (state of not experiencing sexual attraction); asexuality (state of not having sex, sexes or sexual organs)
bilocatie	n	de · mv. bilocaties	bilocation (ability to be in two locations simultaneously; instance hereof); divorce arrangement where the child or children spend(s) equal time at the…
tweedehands	a		secondhand
godse	d		very
ineenstorting	n	de · mv. ineenstortingen	collapse, breakdown
baggeren	v	baggerde – gebaggerd	to dredge
brutaal	a		impudent, insolent, brazen; outspoken; savagely violent
kerselaar	n	de · mv. kerselaars	cherry tree
sjwa	n	de	schwa
Tsjecho-Slowakije	m		Czechoslovakia
Tsjechoslowakije	m		Czechoslovakia (a former country in Central Europe, now the Czech Republic…
destalinisatie	n	de	destalinization
Warschaupact	m		Warsaw Pact
legitimeren	v	legitimeerde – gelegitimeerd	to legitimize; to identify oneself, to provide identification
collectief	a		collective
collectief	n	het · mv. collectieven	a group, a collective; a collective noun; a collective farm
rechtvaardiging	n	de · mv. rechtvaardigingen	justification
calvinisme	n	het	Calvinism
afzinkbaar	a		submersible
afzinken	v	zonk af – afgezonken	to submerge, submerse
vrijmetselarij	n	de	Freemasonry
vrijmetselaar	n	de · mv. vrijmetselaars	Freemason
glas-in-loodraam	n	het · mv. glas-in-loodramen	stained glass window
hydrodynamisch	a		hydrodynamic
zelfverdediging	n	de · mv. zelfverdedigingen	self-defense (US), self-defence (Commonwealth)
penetreren	v	penetreerde – gepenetreerd	to penetrate
afzonkt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afzinken
afzink	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzinken
afzonke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afzinken
afzinkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzinken
afzonk	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afzinken
afzinke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afzinken
rijm	n	de	hoarfrost, rime; rhyme, rhyming; a rhyme, a poem that uses rhyme
rijmen	v	rijmde – gerijmd	to rhyme (to have a rhyme with another word); to rhyme, to speak or write rhymes; to agree, to correspond
rijmschema	n	het · mv. rijmschema's	rhyme scheme
poëzie	n	de · mv. poëzieën	poetry
kalligraaf	n	de · mv. kalligrafen	calligrapher
kalligrafie	n	de · mv. kalligrafieën	calligraphy
grootmeester	n	de · mv. grootmeesters	Grandmaster; Grand Master
schaakster	n	de · mv. schaaksters	female chess player
wendbaarheid	n	de · mv. wendbaarheden	agility
wendbaar	a		nimble, agile; versatile, manoeuvrable
uithoudingsvermogen	n	het · mv. uithoudingsvermogens	endurance
fysiek	a		physical (in the sense of Physical Education)
fortuinlijk	a		fortunate
snoeien	v	snoeide – gesnoeid	to prune (trim a tree or shrub); to prune (cut down or shorten)
bibliograaf	n	de · mv. bibliografen	bibliographer
runnen	v	runde – gerund	to run (a business or household)
choqueren	v	choqueerde – gechoqueerd	to shock; to strike (e.g. with poverty)
feminisme	n	het	feminism
desalniettemin	d		nevertheless (in spite of what preceded)
toentertijd	d		at the time, then, during that time
adjudant	n	de · mv. adjudanten	adjutant; assistant
vrijaf	a		off free (from commitments such as work or school)
vrijaf	n	het	time off, day off (e.g. work)
aanbiddelijk	a		worthy of worship, adorable (befitting of being adored)
bijeneter	n	de · mv. bijeneters	bee-eater (any of various brightly-coloured, insectivorous, near-passerine…; European bee-eater (Merops apiaster)
vilajet	n	de · mv. vilajets	vilayet (province or administrative division of the Ottoman empire)
pisbak	n	de · mv. pisbakken	urinal
Indo-Europees	a		Indo-European
Indo-Europees	m		Indo-European, the Indo-European language family
Parthië	m		Parthia, Parthian Empire (a former empire in Central Asia and West Asia,…; Parthia (a region in northeastern Iran)
Scythië	m		Scythia (a geographic region encompassing the Pontic-Caspian steppe in…
tijdlijn	n	de · mv. tijdlijnen	timeline
aanrichten	v	richtte aan – aangericht	to cause, to inflict, to wreak; to prepare, to cause
aanrichte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanrichten
aanricht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
kaduuk	a		broken
schaften	v	schaftte – geschaft	to pause, rest, to take a break, especially so as to eat
pauzeren	v	pauzeerde – gepauzeerd	to pause, to hold temporarily; to take a break
pauze	n	de · mv. pauzes	pause, break
rijgen	v	reeg – geregen	to pierce, to impale, to spit; to baste (to sew a thread through something)
tijdmachine	n	de · mv. tijdmachines	time machine
claimen	v	claimde – geclaimd	to claim, to demand possession, control or responsibility
neutraliteit	n	de	neutrality (status of being neutral)
afschieten	v	schoot af – afgeschoten	to shoot dead, to kill by firing at someone or something; to cull; to descend quickly
achtervolger	n	de · mv. achtervolgers	pursuer
omdraaien	v	draaide om – omgedraaid	to turn around, turn over, flip
omdraaien	n	het	turnover
schot	n	het · mv. schoten	shot, act of shooting; missile, projectile; a divider that partitions a larger space into smaller ones (traditionally…
Schot	n	de · mv. Schotten	a Scot, Scotsman
centrisme	n	het	centrism
loverboy	n	de · mv. loverboys	a pimp who pretends to be in love with a girl or young woman and makes her…
afschiete	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afschieten
afschote	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afschieten
afschiet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
afschoot	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afschieten
omdraaie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omdraaien
omdraait	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omdraaien
omdraai	n	de · mv. omdraaien	the act of turning around, turning over, flipping
omdraai	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omdraaien
helikoptercrash	n	de · mv. helikoptercrashes	helicopter crash
suikerziekte	n	de	diabetes
zeboe	n	de · mv. zeboes	zebu (Bos primigenius indicus)
parmantig	a		proud, self-assured, brave, arrogant; perky
provoceren	v	provoceerde – geprovoceerd	to provoke, to challenge
provocatie	n	de · mv. provocaties	provocation
tarten	v	tartte – getart	to provoke, to dare, to affront
trotseren	v	trotseerde – getrotseerd	to defy, to brave, to resist
Platduits	m		the Low German language
Platduits	a		Low German
luiken	v	look – geloken	to close, to shut
verdeeldheid	n	de · mv. verdeeldheden	divide, disunity
Iraans	a		Iranian
Iraniër	n	de · mv. Iraniërs	an Iranian (person from Iran or of Iranian descent)
rechaud	n	de · mv. rechauds	burner, warmer
deelteken	n	het · mv. deeltekens	division sign; diaresis
efficiënt	a		efficient
doelmatig	a		effective, efficacious; suitable, appropriate
inefficiënt	a		inefficient
inefficiëntie	n	de · mv. inefficiënties	inefficiency
buiig	a		rainy, showery
strepen	v	streepte – gestreept	to stripe, to draw stripes/lines on
zier	n	de	a tiny amount
hoogtevrees	n	de	acrophobia, fear of heights
broekspijp	n	de · mv. broekspijpen	trouser leg, pant leg
voorbehoedsmiddel	n	het · mv. voorbehoedsmiddelen	a contraceptive
stormachtig	a		stormy, tempestuous
weglatingsteken	n	het · mv. weglatingstekens	apostrophe
weglating	n	de · mv. weglatingen	omission, deletion
omissie	n	de · mv. omissies	omission; negligence
omitteren	v	omitteerde – geomitteerd	to omit, to delete; to disregard, to neglect
tussenkop	n	de · mv. tussenkoppen	subheader, subhead
intactivist	n	de · mv. intactivisten	intactivist
partikel	n	de/het · mv. partikels	particle
zomerzonnewende	n	de · mv. zomerzonnewenden	summer solstice
winterzonnewende	n	de · mv. winterzonnewenden	winter solstice
lentenachtevening	n	de · mv. lentenachteveningen	spring equinox
herfstnachtevening	n	de · mv. herfstnachteveningen	autumn equinox
nachtevening	n	de · mv. nachteveningen	equinox
dag-en-nachtevening	n	de · mv. dag-en-nachteveningen	equinox
hoofdvak	n	het · mv. hoofdvakken	a major subject (at a tertiary institution)
bijvak	n	het · mv. bijvakken	a minor subject (at a tertiary institution)
vloerkleed	n	het · mv. vloerkleden	carpet, rug (specifically one found on the floor as opposed to hanging carpets)
inbelverbinding	n	de · mv. inbelverbindingen	dial-up internet connection
laatstgenoemd	a		latter, last-named, last of two
eerstgenoemd	a		former, first-named, the first of two
lobbes	n	de · mv. lobbesen	large, well-mannered or friendly dog; kindly but oafish person
karikatuur	n	de · mv. karikaturen	caricature (satire, parody)
Limburger	n	de · mv. Limburgers	a person from Limburg, a Limburger
Limburger	a		of, from or relating to Limburg
LPG	n		LPG
klantenservice	n	de · mv. klantenservices	customer service
Duitstalig	a		German-speaking, germanophone; produced (e.g. written, recorded) in the German language
waarborgen	v	waarborgde – gewaarborgd	to ensure, guarantee
magistergraad	n	de · mv. magistergraden	master's degree
meestergraad	n	de · mv. meestergraden	master's degree
klarinettist	n	de · mv. klarinettisten	clarinetist
kamermuziek	n	de	chamber music
Milaan	m		Milan (a city and comune, the capital of the Metropolitan City of Milan and…; Milan (a metropolitan city of Lombardy, established in 2015; in full, the…
bedlamp	n	de · mv. bedlampen	bedlamp (bedside lamp)
obsederen	v	obsedeerde – geobsedeerd	to obsess, to be obsessed with
cryogenisch	a		cryogenic
obsessie	n	de · mv. obsessies	obsession
mijnen	v	mijnde – gemijnd	to mine (to excavate mineral resources); to sap, to mine (to undermine the enemy with tunnelling and explosives)
mijnen	t		dative neuter/plural of mijn
glamoureus	a		glamorous
oostkust	n	de · mv. oostkusten	East coast (not necessarily of the United States)
westkust	n	de · mv. westkusten	West coast (not necessarily of the United States)
nerden	v	nerdde – generd	to nerd out
toe-eigening	n	de · mv. toe-eigeningen	appropriation (act of making something one's own)
zeewater	n	het · mv. zeewateren	seawater
roskam	n	de · mv. roskammen	currycomb
bikken	v	bikte – gebikt	to chip, to chip off; to eat
kanen	v	kaande – gekaand	to eat, munch
huwelijksbureau	n	het · mv. huwelijksbureaus	dating agency
rolmops	n	de · mv. rolmopsen	rollmop, rollmops (rolled herring, often with a filling of pickles and onions); an obese human or animal
boetseren	v	boetseerde – geboetseerd	to model (usually with clay)
rechtlijnig	a		rectilinear; stiff, rigid, inflexible
d'office	d		automatically
krat	n	de/het · mv. kratten	crate
goedenavond	i		good evening
voortdrijven	v	dreef voort – voortgedreven	to propel, to impel, to drive forward; to urge, to spur on
ontluiken	v	ontlook – ontloken	to bud, to sprout
voortdreve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voortdrijven
voortdrijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voortdrijven
voortdrijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voortdrijven
voortdreef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voortdrijven
voortdreeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voortdrijven
voortdrijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voortdrijven
valluik	n	het · mv. valluiken	trapdoor
gallisch	a		nauseous; angry, irritated; hot, sensuous, horny
vastgoed	n	het	real estate, property which cannot be moved
achterdeur	n	de · mv. achterdeuren	back door
fte	n	het · mv. fte's	full-time equivalent
Nieuw-Zeelander	n	de · mv. Nieuw-Zeelanders	New Zealander
waker	n	de · mv. wakers	watchman
Nepalees	a		Nepali
Nepalees	n	de · mv. Nepalezen	Nepali (person)
Nepalees	m		Nepali (language)
achttienjarig	a		eighteen-year-old
beklimmer	n	de · mv. beklimmers	climber (one climbing a slope or (steep) incline)
Kroatische	n	de · mv. Kroatischen	a Croatian woman
geodeet	n	de · mv. geodeten	geodesic (shortest section of a line or curve on a surface of a certain…; geodesist (land surveyor)
geodetisch	a		geodesic
supervisie	n	de · mv. supervisies	supervision
onverbogen	a		undeclined, uninflected
stalinisme	n	het	Stalinism
seminarist	n	de · mv. seminaristen	a student at a seminary, usually Roman Catholic, Remonstrant or Lutheran
Oranje	n	de · mv. Oranjes	a member of the Dutch royal family
Oranje	m		the house of Orange, Orange-Nassau; a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands; a national sports team of the Netherlands, especially the soccer team
parament	n	het · mv. paramenten	parament (liturgical hanging)
constipatie	n	de	constipation
marxistisch	a		Marxist
leninistisch	a		Leninist
compileren	v	compileerde – gecompileerd	to compile, to put together; to compile
hergebruiken	v	hergebruikte – hergebruikt	to reuse, to recycle
hergebruik	n	het	reuse
voetspoor	n	het · mv. voetsporen	trail of footprints, footsteps
wiebelen	v	wiebelde – gewiebeld	to wiggle, to wobble
tehuis	n	het · mv. tehuizen	home, asylum
havermout	n	de	oatmeal; synonym of havermoutpap (“oat porridge”)
hermeneut	n	de · mv. hermeneuten	hermeneut, hermeneutician, hermeneuticist, exegete
osteoporose	n	de	osteoporosis
hypoxie	n	de · mv. hypoxieën	hypoxia (condition in which tissues are deprived of oxygen)
boegbeeld	n	het · mv. boegbeelden	figurehead (figure at the bow of a vessel)
inoculeren	v	inoculeerde – geïnoculeerd	to inoculate
guit	n	de · mv. guiten	tomboy, rascal, joker, troublemaker
Folkert	m		a male given name
fleurig	a		blooming, lavish; cheerful
opfleuren	v	fleurde op – opgefleurd	to cheer up
oefenwedstrijd	n	de · mv. oefenwedstrijden	warm-up match
invielt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of invallen
inviel	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of invallen
invalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of invallen
invalle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of invallen
inviele	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of invallen
opfleur	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opfleuren
opfleure	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opfleuren
opfleurt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opfleuren
zeepkistenrace	n	de · mv. zeepkistenraces	soapbox car race
sneltrein	n	de · mv. sneltreinen	express train
stoptrein	n	de · mv. stoptreinen	local train, commuter train
goederentrein	n	de · mv. goederentreinen	freight train
deurpost	n	de · mv. deurposten	doorpost, jamb
stalken	v	stalkte – gestalkt	to stalk (to follow and harass someone)
suf	a		dull, lethargic, drowsy; silly
klopjacht	n	de · mv. klopjachten	battue, hunt where game is driven into the open by loud beating sounds; manhunt or (less common) raid, an organised pursuit of a targeted person
gedachteloos	a		inattentive, absent-minded
gedachteloos	d		inattentively, absent-mindedly
gedachtewereld	n	de · mv. gedachtewerelden	belief system; mindset, set of thoughts
voortvluchtige	n	de · mv. voortvluchtigen	fugitive
voortvluchtig	a		on the run, fugitive, at large
Chileens	a		Chilean
Chileense	n	de · mv. Chileensen	Chilean woman
doeken	v	doekte – gedoekt	to wrap in sheets or blankets; to cheat, to scam, to defraud
avonturier	n	de · mv. avonturiers	adventurer
rugvin	n	de · mv. rugvinnen	dorsal fin
staartvin	n	de · mv. staartvinnen	tailfin; tailfin (of an aircraft)
borstvin	n	de · mv. borstvinnen	pectoral fin
vingerhoedje	n	het · mv. vingerhoedjes	thimble fungus, bell morel
schande	n	de · mv. schanden	shame, disgrace
hoekschop	n	de · mv. hoekschoppen	corner kick
winkelcentrum	n	het · mv. winkelcentra	shopping centre, mall
traangas	n	het · mv. traangassen	tear gas
broddelwerk	n	het	very poorly performed, shoddy work, or a product of such work
dievegge	n	de · mv. dievegges	thief (female)
satijn	n	het	satin
gletsjermolen	n	de · mv. gletsjermolens	(glacial) moulin
eurie	n	de	the euro (currency)
barbecueën	v	barbecuede – gebarbecued	to barbecue, to have a barbecue
hyperaldosteronisme	n	het	hyperaldosteronism (condition in which too much aldosterone is produced)
digestief	a		digestive, pertaining to digestion
digestief	n	het · mv. digestieven	digestive (substance aiding digestion)
aperitief	n	het · mv. aperitieven	apéritif
samenzang	n	de · mv. samenzangen	communal singing
kerkdienst	n	de · mv. kerkdiensten	church service (Christian religious meeting taking place in accordance with…
looien	v	looide – gelooid	to tan (leather)
Helden	m		a village and former municipality of Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
vuurvlieg	n	de · mv. vuurvliegen	a firefly, beetle of the family Lampyridae, especially its grub
gedenkteken	n	het · mv. gedenktekens	memorial stone, gravestone, commemorative monument
grafschennis	n	de · mv. grafschennissen	desecration (of a grave)
exporteren	v	exporteerde – geëxporteerd	to export (to transport out of a country, chiefly for international trade); to export (to convert to a different file type)
pentaan	n	het	pentane
opiaat	n	het · mv. opiaten	opiate (drug, hormone or other substance derived from or related to opium)
stierenvechten	n	het	bullfighting
bevechten	v	bevocht – bevochten	to fight against, to combat
leasen	v	leasete – geleaset	to lease
upgraden	v	upgradede – geüpgraded	to upgrade
tournee	n	de · mv. tournees	tour (journey through a particular building, estate, country, etc.); tour (journey through a given list of places, such as by an entertainer…
ruwen	v	ruwde – geruwd	to roughen
katoenen	a		cotton
flanellen	a		flannel
bankschroef	n	de · mv. bankschroeven	vice, vise (i.e. a bench vise)
bestuursdienst	n	de · mv. bestuursdiensten	civil administration
draperie	n	de · mv. draperieën	curtain (that blocks the light, i.e. not a net curtain)
opzadelen	v	zadelde op – opgezadeld	to saddle up; burden with, force (a problem) on
bouwval	n	de · mv. bouwvallen	a ruin, a ramshackle building
brokkelen	v	brokkelde – gebrokkeld	to crumble
afbrokkelen	v	brokkelde af – afgebrokkeld	to crumble apart
grammaticaal	a		grammatical
slechte	n	de · mv. slechten	bad person; the bad guys
slechtst	a		worst (superlative degree of slecht)
doordeweeks	a		on a weekday; everyday, common
Marokkaans	a		Moroccan
Slowaakse	n	de · mv. Slowaaksen	a Slovak woman
trechter	n	de · mv. trechters	funnel
donateur	n	de · mv. donateurs	a donor
Rossum	m		a village and former municipality of Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands; a village in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
roosteren	v	roosterde – geroosterd	to roast (to cook food by heating in an oven or fire)
opzadele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opzadelen
opzadelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opzadelen
opzadel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opzadelen
afbrokkel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afbrokkelen
afbrokkele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afbrokkelen
afbrokkelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afbrokkelen
doorhebben	v	had door – doorgehad	to figure out, to see through
doorkrijgen	v	kreeg door – doorgekregen	to receive, to be relayed, to be notified of (a message); to realise, to figure out
doorhad	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorhebben
doorhebbe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorhebben
doorhebt	v		second-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorhebben
doorhadt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorhebben
doorheb	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorhebben
doorhadde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of doorhebben
doorkrijg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorkrijgen
doorkreegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorkrijgen
doorkrijge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorkrijgen
doorkrijgt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorkrijgen
doorkrege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of doorkrijgen
doorkreeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorkrijgen
kerstkaart	n	de · mv. kerstkaarten	Christmas card
lijsttrekker	n	de · mv. lijsttrekkers	the top candidate of a political party on a party list. Usually functions as…
bewaarder	n	de · mv. bewaarders	keeper, custodian, conservator
matrozenpak	n	het · mv. matrozenpakken	sailor suit
antropomorfisch	a		anthropomorphic
tekenkunst	n	de · mv. tekenkunsten	drawing
figuur	n	de/het · mv. figuren	figure, shape; figure, person
onhandig	a		clumsy, maladroit; inconvenient
onderbetaald	a		underpaid
koekeloeren	v	koekeloerde – gekoekeloerd	to look, to stare; to idle, to be somewhere without doing much; to crow like a rooster, to produce the sound of a cock
loeren	v	loerde – geloerd	to lurk, spy; to be on the look-out for
gluren	v	gluurde – gegluurd	to peek, peep, ogle, pry
sociaaldemocratisch	a		social democratic
voorsprong	n	de · mv. voorsprongen	lead (e.g., in a race or in the polls); head start
christendemocratisch	a		Christian-democratic
opstappen	v	stapte op – opgestapt	to go away, resign; to depart (as in "step away"); to board (as in "step (up) into" or "step on board")
vicepresident	n	de · mv. vicepresidenten	vice president
verdenking	n	de · mv. verdenkingen	suspicion
vrouwenhandel	n	de	sex trafficking of women
metaforisch	a		metaphoric, metaphorical
handtas	n	de · mv. handtassen	handbag (Commonwealth), purse (US)
rits	i		sound of tearing or closing a zip fastener
rits	n	de · mv. ritsen	zipper (US), zip fastener (UK)
rits	a		randy, in heat, horny, lewd
ritsen	v	ritste – geritst	to close a zipper; to alternate from two sides, e.g. to put male, female, etc. candidates on an…; to merge into a traffic queue alternatively from left and right
loer	n	het · mv. loeren	lure (mechanism used in falconry); stupid or clumsy person; mean or cunning person
opstap	n	de · mv. opstappen	upwards step; small elevation that requires one step to climb; stepping stone (as a way to progress)
opstap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opstappen
opstapt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opstappen
opstappe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opstappen
gezichtsuitdrukking	n	de · mv. gezichtsuitdrukkingen	facial expression
uiteinde	n	het · mv. uiteinden	tip, extremity; New Year's Eve, year's end
nijdig	a		angry, livid, furious
naturalisme	n	het	naturalism
opdonder	n	de · mv. opdonders	wallop; a person of small stature, a pipsqueak
opdonder	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdonderen
opdonderen	v	donderde op – opgedonderd	to get lost, beat it
opdondere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opdonderen
opdondert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdonderen
oprotten	v	rotte op – opgerot	to fuck off, get lost, go to hell
opsodemieteren	v	sodemieterde op – opgesodemieterd	to fuck off, get lost, go to hell
oprot	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
opsodemietere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opsodemieteren
opsodemieter	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opsodemieteren
opsodemietert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
zoutmolen	n	de · mv. zoutmolens	salt mill
afhakken	v	hakte af – afgehakt	to hack/chop off, to sever; to truncate
afhakke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afhakken
afhak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afhakken
afhakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afhakken
stembus	n	de · mv. stembussen	ballot box
afstembereik	n	het · mv. afstembereiken	tuning range, frequency range (of a radio)
fasemodulatie	n	de · mv. fasemodulaties	phase modulation
langegolf	n	de	longwave
kortegolf	n	de	shortwave
middengolf	n	de	medium wave
zendmast	n	de · mv. zendmasten	transmitter tower, radio mast
stoorzender	n	de · mv. stoorzenders	a jammer, a jamming station; a person who obstructs regular operation; an obstructionist, a saboteur
zendamateur	n	de · mv. zendamateurs	amateur radio operator, a ham
breedband	n	de	broadband, a wide band of frequencies; broadband, a high-capacity connection
smalband	n	de	narrowband, a narrow band of frequencies
breedbandverbinding	n	de · mv. breedbandverbindingen	broadband connection
vervliegen	v	vervloog – vervlogen	to evaporate, to dissipate, to volatilise; to evaporate, to disappear; to fly away, to go away
kiespijn	n	de · mv. kiespijnen	toothache (in a molar)
maagpijn	n	de · mv. maagpijnen	stomachache
Midden-Oosten	m		Middle East (the geopolitical region at the intersection of Asia, Africa and…
werkgelegenheid	n	de	employment (total number of jobs)
vraaggesprek	n	het · mv. vraaggesprekken	media interview
spraakgebrek	n	het · mv. spraakgebreken	speech disorder
tweelingzus	n	de · mv. tweelingzussen	twin sister
tweelingzuster	n	de · mv. tweelingzusters	twin sister
gejoel	n	het	outcry, clamour, vociferation
joelen	v	joelde – gejoeld	to shout, to cry out, to bawl
vleugelpiano	n	de · mv. vleugelpiano's	grand piano
wapenen	v	wapende – gewapend	to arm, to give weapons to; to reinforce, to protect
dempen	v	dempte – gedempt	to diminish, to dampen, to subdue, to dim, to make faint or less pronounced; to fill in, to put material into to reduce depth
celmembraan	n	het · mv. celmembranen	cell membrane
adenoom	n	het · mv. adenomen	adenoma (benign tumour)
pleuritis	n	de	pleurisy, pleuritis
kauri	n	de · mv. kauri's	kauri, Agathis australis
beramen	v	beraamde – beraamd	to devise, to plot; to calculate, to estimate, to plan expenditure
gletser	n	de · mv. gletsers	dated spelling of gletsjer
hooikoorts	n	de	hay fever
spitsen	v	spitste – gespitst	to make sharp; to perk, prick up
wortelen	v	wortelde – geworteld	(used with in) to originate (from); to ingrain, to (take) root
lijsttrekkersdebat	n	het · mv. lijsttrekkersdebatten	debate between top candidates of a political party on a party list…
translocatie	n	de · mv. translocaties	translocation
cytoplasma	n	het	cytoplasm (contents of a cell excluding the nucleus)
hoefsmid	n	de · mv. hoefsmeden	farrier (person who trims and shoes horses' hooves)
armee	n	de · mv. armeeën	army
majem	n	de/het	water; city canal
tetraëder	n	de · mv. tetraëders	tetrahedron
polynoom	n	de/het · mv. polynomen	polynomial
polynoom	a		polynomial
polynomiaal	a		polynomial
presteren	v	presteerde – gepresteerd	to perform, succeed, achieve
Aziaat	n	de · mv. Aziaten	Asian
homogeniteit	n	de · mv. homogeniteiten	homogeneity
abscis	n	de · mv. abscissen	abscissa, absciss (the first of two coordinates in a rectilinear coordinate…
inauguraal	a		inaugural
middenvelder	n	de · mv. middenvelders	midfielder
vleugelspeler	n	de · mv. vleugelspelers	a winger
pokeren	v	pokerde – gepokerd	to play poker
weide	n	de · mv. weiden	pasture
inchecken	v	checkte in – ingecheckt	to check in; to tap on (US, Canada, Australia), to touch in (UK), to tap in (UK) (to…
grienen	v	griende – gegriend	to weep
blesseren	v	blesseerde – geblesseerd	to injure
elftal	n	het · mv. elftallen	a group of eleven, usually human beings; a team of eleven (typically refers to a football team)
treffer	n	de · mv. treffers	a scoring shot or throw, a goal or hit
lolletje	n	het · mv. lolletjes	a joke
intrusief	a		intrusive (tending to intrude)
koekenbakker	n	de · mv. koekenbakkers	cake baker; bungler
prebende	n	de · mv. prebenden	a prebend, a payment fixed to certain ecclesiastical positions; an ecclesiastical position which carries such prebend, in the Catholic…
wegwezen	v		to go away, to be gone; to get out, to scram
flaneren	v	flaneerde – geflaneerd	to loiter, to saunter around, especially in order to attract attention
onaantrekkelijk	a		unattractive, ugly
attractief	a		attractive
ongewis	a		unsure, uncertain
toonsoort	n	de · mv. toonsoorten	key
componeren	v	componeerde – gecomponeerd	to compose
puncteren	v	puncteerde – gepuncteerd	to puncture
melodisch	a		melodic
lyrisch	a		lyrical
slaapkop	n	de · mv. slaapkoppen	a sleepy or lazy person, a sleepyhead; unclear head (as when just woken up)
schwalbe	n	de · mv. schwalbes	dive, a deliberate fall to gain advantage in the game
vlotten	v	vlotte – gevlot	to go smoothly, to make progress, to glide
verhelpen	v	verhielp – verholpen	to solve, to fix
oprapen	v	raapte op – opgeraapt	to pick up from the ground or floor
opraapt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oprapen
oprape	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of oprapen
opraap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of oprapen
grol	n	de · mv. grollen	joke
donkerte	n	de · mv. donkertes	darkness
toeteren	v	toeterde – getoeterd	to beep, to honk, to sound a horn
slavist	n	de · mv. slavisten	Slavist
inzitten	v	zat in – ingezeten	to worry (about), to be concerned (about)
inzittende	n	de · mv. inzittenden	occupant of a vehicle or an aircraft
scheepswrak	n	het · mv. scheepswrakken	shipwreck
Maleisisch	a		Malaysian
sterrendom	n	het	stardom, celebrity status
Hondurees	a		Honduran
Hondurees	n	de · mv. Hondurezen	a Honduran
lijkenhuis	n	het · mv. lijkenhuizen	mortuary, morgue
lucratief	a		lucrative, profitable
inzit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
inzitte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inzitten
inzate	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inzitten
inzat	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inzitten
gratie	n	de · mv. gratiën	grace, elegance, gracefulness; grace, mercy; clemency, commutation
unaniem	a		unanimous
eenparig	a		uniform, consistent; unanimous
eenparigheid	n	de	constancy, uniformity
bontebok	n	de · mv. bontebokken	a grysbok, any small antelope of the genus Raphicerus
voluit	d		in full, without abbreviations
chordofoon	n	de · mv. chordofonen	chordophone
legionella	n	de · mv. legionella's	legionella, bacterium of the genus Legionella
antropoloog	n	de · mv. antropologen	anthropologist
refractie	n	de · mv. refracties	refraction
spiritualiteit	n	de · mv. spiritualiteiten	spirituality
teambuilding	n	de · mv. teambuildingen	teambuilding
teveel	n	het	excess
nalatig	a		negligent
werkvloer	n	de · mv. werkvloeren	workplace
beroerte	n	de · mv. beroertes	fit, stroke or seizure
hitteberoerte	n	de · mv. hitteberoerten	heat stroke
becijferen	v	becijferde – becijferd	to compute, to calculate
gewis	a		certain, sure
gewis	d		certainly, surely
kien	i		An interjection used in the game of kienen, similar to the interjection bingo
nerdo	n	de · mv. nerdo's	nerdo, nerd
vindingrijk	a		creative, inventive; resourceful
spinnewiel	n	het · mv. spinnewielen	spinning wheel
onthutsen	v	onthutste – onthutst	to dismay, to stun
ontstellen	v	ontstelde – ontsteld	to affright, to appal
smakken	v	smakte – gesmakt	to smack, to crash hard; to make smacking noises with the mouth
knietje	n	het · mv. knietjes	a kick with the knee, especially in the groin
proportioneel	a		proportional, equal
declarant	n	de · mv. declaranten	declarant, one who declares
duchtig	d		to a high degree, considerably
duchtig	a		considerable; large, sturdy; powerful
membraneus	a		membranous
veroordeling	n	de · mv. veroordelingen	conviction, condemnation
aanhoren	v	hoorde aan – aangehoord	to listen to; to listen carefully to; to hearken
aanhoor	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanhoren
aanhore	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanhoren
aanhoort	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanhoren
pingpongen	v	pingpongde – gepingpongd	to play table tennis; to repartee
Sire	n	de	sire, lofty form of address for a ruling Monarch
bedonderen	v	bedonderde – bedonderd	to double-cross, to cheat
bedonderd	v		out of one's mind, insane, perplexed
boers	a		characteristic of farmers; boorish, vulgar
multiculturalisme	n	het	multiculturalism
Bissen	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
gleuf	n	de · mv. gleuven	slit (narrow cut or opening; a slot); flute (groove in a column)
doorstrepen	v	streepte door – doorgestreept	to strike through, to put a line through (so as to delete)
servet	n	het · mv. servetten	napkin, serviette
scherpschutter	n	de · mv. scherpschutters	sharpshooter
voelspriet	n	de · mv. voelsprieten	feeler, antenna
verspilling	n	de · mv. verspillingen	waste, squandering
bestelen	v	bestal – bestolen	to rob
copieus	a		copious (great in quantity)
xylografie	n	de · mv. xylografieën	xylography (art of making xylographs)
omwaaien	v	waaide om – omgewaaid	to blow over
windhoos	n	de · mv. windhozen	whirlwind
wervelen	v	wervelde – gewerveld	to whirl, to twist, to swirl
wervelwind	n	de · mv. wervelwinden	whirlwind
wervelstorm	n	de · mv. wervelstormen	cyclone, tornado
hoos	n	de · mv. hozen	high boot; whirlwind, (specifically) landspout; hose (tube), container used for removing water
hozen	v	hoosde – gehoosd	to bail, to scoop water out of a boat, cellar etc; to rain heavily, to pour
omwaai	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omwaaien
omwaaie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omwaaien
omwaait	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omwaaien
omwoeie	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of omwaaien
omwoei	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of omwaaien
omwoeit	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of omwaaien
acupunctuur	n	de	acupuncture (insertion of needles for remedial purposes)
ooft	n	het · mv. ooften	tree fruit; fruit in general
kabbelen	v	kabbelde – gekabbeld	to babble, to murmur
rosemaling	n	de · mv. rosemalingen	rosemaling
pluis	n	het · mv. pluizen	fluff, soft hairs; a piece of fluff or lint, a fluffball; pedicel with flower
pluis	a		in order, savory, right, proper
pluizen	v	ploos – geplozen	to remove flowering side branches (from the main stem) from
hondachtig	a		doglike, canid
hondachtige	n	de · mv. hondachtigen	canid, any member of the family Canidae
rossig	a		reddish
afschrikken	v	schrikte af – afgeschrikt	to scare off; to deter by fear
archiveren	v	archiveerde – gearchiveerd	to archive
karabijn	n	de · mv. karabijnen	carbine (short-barrelled rifle)
doortrekken	v	doortrok – doortrokken	to permeate, to pervade; to penetrate; to flush (a toilet)
thermodynamisch	a		thermodynamics
phacelia	n	de · mv. phacelia's	Any plant of genus Phacelia; lacy phacelia (Phacelia tanacetifolia)
passievrucht	n	de · mv. passievruchten	a passion fruit, fruit of a plant of the genus Passiflora
zoekmachine	n	de · mv. zoekmachines	search engine (application that searches for, and retrieves, data based on…
meis	n	de	girl
geestig	a		witty, humorous
unbihexium	n	het	unbihexium
paranoïde	a		paranoid
atoommassa	n	de · mv. atoommassa's	atomic mass
baksis	n	de	something that is given free of charge with a purchase, usually more of the…; encore
cytoskelet	n	het · mv. cytoskeletten	cytoskeleton (structure resembling a skeleton contained within a cytoplasm)
kiessysteem	n	het · mv. kiessystemen	voting system, electoral system
neukbaar	a		fuckable
kwispedoor	n	de · mv. kwispedoren	spittoon (receptacle for spit)
allergeen	n	het · mv. allergenen	allergen (substance provoking allergic reactions)
minpunt	n	het · mv. minpunten	disadvantage, downside, negative characteristic
pluspunt	n	het · mv. pluspunten	advantage, upside, positive characteristic
Middelnederlands	m		Middle Dutch
Middelnederlands	a		Middle Dutch
neut	n	de · mv. neuten	dram, snifter, peg, nip; small block of natural stone or wood supporting a window or door frame; part protruding from a wall supporting a beam
verwittigen	v	verwittigde – verwittigd	to inform, to notify
Epen	m		a village in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
strandwolf	n	de · mv. strandwolven	synonym of bruine hyena (“brown hyena, Parahyaena brunnea”)
lenigheid	n	de · mv. lenigheden	flexibility, suppleness
vertoeven	v	vertoefde – vertoefd	to linger, to stay
parool	n	het · mv. parolen	slogans, words; a password, code of entry; a promise, word of honor
golflengte	n	de · mv. golflengten	wavelength
frequentieverschuivingsmodulatie	n	de	frequency shift keying
faseverschuivingsmodulatie	n	de	phase shift keying
roepletters	n		callsign
saluut	i		goodbye; greetings, hail
saluut	n	het · mv. saluten	salute (a hand gesture or salvo expressing respect); salut d'or (a French gold coin minted in the 15th-16th century)
saluutjes	i		goodbye
bevreemden	v	bevreemdde – bevreemd	to surprise, to astonish
ophelderen	v	helderde op – opgehelderd	to clarify, to clear up
opheldere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ophelderen
ophelder	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophelderen
opheldert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophelderen
terugkaatsen	v	kaatste terug – teruggekaatst	to throw back, to rebound; to reflect
terugkaatse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugkaatsen
terugkaatst	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugkaatsen
terugkaats	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugkaatsen
Noordrijn-Westfalen	m		North Rhine-Westphalia
Noord-Rijnland-Westfalen	m		North Rhine-Westphalia
Rijnland-Palts	m		Rhineland-Palatinate
Saks	n	de · mv. Saksen	a Saxon
Saksen-Anhalt	m		Saxony-Anhalt
Sleeswijk-Holstein	m		Schleswig-Holstein
Mecklenburg-Voor-Pommeren	m		Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Limbabwe	m		Limburg
dinges	n	de/het · mv. dingesen	thingamajig, whatchamacallit; whatshisname, whatshername
dinges	i		said when one can't or is too busy or distracted to think of the proper…
Verweggistan	m		a proverbially obscure, far away country; Timbuktu, Outer Mongolia
Nergenshuizen	m		a hypothetical average village in the middle of nowhere. Roughly translates…
zwaailicht	n	het · mv. zwaailichten	a revolving light used to signal danger, commonly used on emergency…
sjoemelen	v	sjoemelde – gesjoemeld	to cheat, to manipulate
opkrikken	v	krikte op – opgekrikt	to lift with a jack; to improve, to better
misstand	n	de · mv. misstanden	a wrongful state, action or circumstance; wrongdoing, misuse, injustice, abuse
glansrol	n	de · mv. glansrollen	lead role in a performance
stijging	n	de · mv. stijgingen	ascent; increase
ongenadig	a		merciless, ruthless
opkrikke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opkrikken
opkrik	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opkrikken
opkrikt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opkrikken
föhnen	v	föhnde – geföhnd	to blow-dry
maffia	n	de · mv. maffia's	mafia
Akkerman	m		a surname
crèmig	a		synonym of crèmeachtig
passivum	n	het · mv. passiva	passive voice; passive-voice form
quaker	n	de · mv. quakers	Quaker (believer of the Quaker faith)
zweving	n	de · mv. zwevingen	beat (sound interference of superimposed waves of different frequencies)
vijzen	v	vees – gevezen	to screw or unscrew (turn a screw)
schaven	v	schaafde – geschaafd	to plane, to grate; to smooth; to rub roughly, over a rough surface
grandioos	a		grandiose, magnificent; fantastic, great, wonderful
fusie	n	de · mv. fusies	fusion, mixture, combination; merger; a road flare used by firefighters to intentionally ignite vegetation
tederheid	n	de · mv. tederheden	tenderness
kennismaken	v	maakte kennis – kennisgemaakt	to acquaint, to make someone's acquaintance
wederhelft	n	de · mv. wederhelften	significant other, spouse, partner
deprimeren	v	deprimeerde – gedeprimeerd	to depress, to sadden, to deject
demotiveren	v	demotiveerde – gedemotiveerd	to demotivate, to discourage
incasseren	v	incasseerde – geïncasseerd	to make (money), to rake in (something rewarding); to bear, endure
acetaat	n	het · mv. acetaten	acetate
kennismaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of kennismaken
kennismaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of kennismaken
kennismake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of kennismaken
laagdoorlaatfilter	n	de/het · mv. laagdoorlaatfilters	low-pass filter
hoogdoorlaatfilter	n	de/het · mv. hoogdoorlaatfilters	high-pass filter
banddoorlaatfilter	n	de/het · mv. banddoorlaatfilters	band-pass filter
bandsperfilter	n	de/het · mv. bandsperfilters	band-stop filter
doorlaten	v	liet door – doorgelaten	to let through, to allow to pass
doorliete	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of doorlaten
doorlaat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
doorliet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of doorlaten
doorlate	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorlaten
middenfrequentie	n	de · mv. middenfrequenties	intermediate frequency
uitkering	n	de · mv. uitkeringen	benefit, subsidy; social security; payment
passief	a		passive (not active, but acted upon)
formatteren	v	formatteerde – geformatteerd	to format
fitis	n	de · mv. fitissen	willow warbler, Phylloscopus trochilus
broodje	n	het · mv. broodjes	sandwich or roll (shortened raised biscuit or bread)
atavistisch	a		atavistic
wannen	v	wande – gewand	to winnow
vliegdekschip	n	het · mv. vliegdekschepen	aircraft carrier
kaartspel	n	het · mv. kaartspelen	card game
documentatie	n	de · mv. documentaties	documentation (documents that explain the operation of a particular software…
anoxie	n	de	anoxia (condition in which a tissue or environment is totally deprived of…
somtijds	d		sometimes
tussenwerpen	v	wierp tussen – tussengeworpen	to throw between or among, to interject
tussenwerp	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tussenwerpen
tussenwerpe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of tussenwerpen
tussenwierpe	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of tussenwerpen
tussenwierpt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of tussenwerpen
tussenwierp	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of tussenwerpen
tussenwerpt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tussenwerpen
tussenvoegsel	n	het · mv. tussenvoegsels	infix; tussenvoegsel
aardpeer	n	de · mv. aardperen	Jerusalem artichoke (plant and tuber)
pipetteren	v	pipetteerde – gepipetteerd	to pipette
berd	n	het · mv. berden	plank, board; tabletop
gondel	n	de · mv. gondels	a gondola (Venetian boat); a gondola of a cable car; the gondola of a balloon
aanvragen	v	vroeg aan – aangevraagd	to request, to apply for, to order
aanvraagt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanvragen
aanvroege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanvragen
aanvrage	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanvragen
aanvroegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanvragen
aanvroeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanvragen
angio-oedeem	n	het · mv. angio-oedemen	angioedema (swelling of the lower layers of the skin or of other tissues)
pompen	v	pompte – gepompt	to pump; to fuck, to bang
sisklank	n	de · mv. sisklanken	sibilant (consonant)
Sint-Petersburg	m		Saint Petersburg (a federal city of Russia, known between 1914 and 1924 as…
inspuiten	v	spoot in – ingespoten	to inject
inspuiting	n	de · mv. inspuitingen	injection
converteren	v	converteerde – geconverteerd	to convert (to change into another form or state)
conversie	n	de · mv. conversies	conversion (act or process of changing into another form or state)
conjunctuur	n	de · mv. conjuncturen	economic condition; conjuncture; business cycle
zoeten	v	zoette – gezoet	to sweeten, to make or become sweet
somatisch	a		somatic
inspuit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
inspuite	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inspuiten
inspote	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inspuiten
inspoot	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inspuiten
zetpil	n	de · mv. zetpillen	suppository
conciërge	n	de · mv. conciërges	concierge, janitor (one who attends to the maintenance of a building and…
woonerf	n	het · mv. woonerven	woonerf, living street
bureaustoel	n	de · mv. bureaustoelen	office chair (desk chair used in an office)
plakband	n	de/het · mv. plakbanden	sticky tape, adhesive tape
komiek	a		comical, funny
komiek	n	de · mv. komieken	a comedian; a jokester, a funny person
cybernetica	n	de	cybernetics (science of communication and control)
knoert	n	de · mv. knoerten	whopper (something remarkably large)
linie	n	de · mv. linies	line, line of battle
ondeugd	n	de · mv. ondeugden	a vice (bad habit); a naughty person
vaginisme	n	het	vaginismus (muscular contraction)
spietsen	v	spietste – gespietst	to impale
begroeting	n	de · mv. begroetingen	greeting (acknowledgement of a person's presence or arrival)
Denpasar	m		Denpasar (a city, the provincial capital of Bali, Indonesia)
neonatus	n	de · mv. neonatussen	newborn
neuston	n	het	neuston
jutter	n	de · mv. jutters	beachcomber
badpak	n	het · mv. badpakken	bathing suit, swimsuit
kloet	n	de · mv. kloeten	barge pole, punting pole
ziften	v	ziftte – gezift	to sift
dissen	v	diste – gedist	to leave, to go away; to diss (to insult someone by being disrespectful)
anonimiteit	n	de	anonymity (the quality or state of being anonymous)
kinkhoest	n	de	whooping cough, pertussis (a contagious disease cause by Bordetella pertussis)
raddraaier	n	de · mv. raddraaiers	scoundrel, troublemaker
ontevreden	a		dissatisfied
loep	n	de · mv. loepen	magnifying glass
huivering	n	de · mv. huiveringen	quivering, shivering; a shiver
meetronen	v	troonde mee – meegetroond	to bring along, to drag (someone) along
organoleptisch	a		organoleptic
meetrone	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of meetronen
meetroon	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meetronen
meetroont	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meetronen
torenvalk	n	de · mv. torenvalken	kestrel (Falco tinnunculus)
picknick	n	de · mv. picknicks	picnic
galvaniseren	v	galvaniseerde – gegalvaniseerd	to galvanize
steengruis	n	het	debris, small crushed rocks
gruis	n	het	grit, ground stone or rocks
nanacht	n	de · mv. nanachten	late night, hours just before dawn
classicus	n	de · mv. classici	classicist
Melis	m		a surname
boogschieten	n	het	archery
karmijn	n	het	carmine (purplish-red pigment)
Andorrees	n	de · mv. Andorrezen	Andorran (person from Andorra)
Andorrees	a		Andorran (of, from, or pertaining to Andorra, the Andorran people)
contacteren	v	contacteerde – gecontacteerd	to contact
waterski	n	de · mv. waterski's	water ski, broad ski for aquatic sport; ski-shaped landing gear of a waterplane
alant	n	de · mv. alanten	any plant of the genus Inula; synonym of Griekse alant (“elecampane, Inula helenium”)
gordijn	n	het · mv. gordijnen	curtain (piece of cloth covering a window)
schurft	n	de/het	scabies
strandloper	n	de · mv. strandlopers	a sandpiper, used of certain waders of the family Scolopacidae, especially…
epilepticus	n	de · mv. epileptici	epileptic (one who has epilepsy)
pyromanie	n	de	pyromania
asymptoot	n	de · mv. asymptoten	asymptote (a straight line which a curve approaches arbitrarily closely)
dodecaëder	n	de · mv. dodecaëders	dodecahedron
mantelen	v	mantelde – gemanteld	to clothe with a coat or cloak
Wiktionary	m		Wiktionary
pijnappelklier	n	de · mv. pijnappelklieren	pineal gland
hummel	n	de · mv. hummels	a small child
Mooren	m		a surname
technicus	n	de · mv. technici	a technician, a technical expert
kwaaie	a		masculine/feminine singular attributive; definite neuter singular attributive; plural attributive
kwaaie	n	de · mv. kwaaien	an evil person; someone who can get really angry
berberis	n	de · mv. berberissen	berberis (Berberis spp.)
suppen	v	supte – gesupt	to paddle a standup paddleboard (SUP)
pokdalig	a		pockmarked
stronken	a		crunk, stoned and drunk at the same time
drang	n	de · mv. drangen	pressure; urge, longing
vermenigvuldiging	n	de · mv. vermenigvuldigingen	multiplication
kastanje	n	de · mv. kastanjes	chestnut (nut of the chestnut tree); chestnut tree
omvallen	v	viel om – omgevallen	to fall over, to topple
zwammen	v		to babble, talk a lot but say little; to nag, talk on and on ad nauseam
agressief	a		aggressive
vijandelijkheid	n	de · mv. vijandelijkheden	animosity, hostility
villen	v	vilde – gevild	to skin (remove the skin from)
omval	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omvallen
omviel	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of omvallen
omvalle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omvallen
omvielt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of omvallen
omvalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omvallen
omviele	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of omvallen
boes	n	de · mv. boezen	the part of a cow stable's floor on which the cows' hindlegs stand
falset	n	de · mv. falsetten	falsetto register; a tone in falsetto register; someone who sings in falsetto
arent	n	de	harvest
gibus	n	de · mv. gibussen	a gibus (foldable top hat)
stapsgewijs	d		stepwise, step by step
stapsgewijs	a		stepwise, step-by-step
vadem	n	de · mv. vadems	fathom
hechter	n	de · mv. hechters	a device used for fastening; someone who fastens or stitches something
vijandigheid	n	de · mv. vijandigheden	hostility
vijandschap	n	de	hostility
bijstand	n	de	social welfare, dole; help, aid
functionaris	n	de · mv. functionarissen	a functionary, an official
plagiaris	n	de · mv. plagiarissen	plagiarist
plagiator	n	de · mv. plagiatoren	plagiarist
usurpator	n	de · mv. usurpatoren	usurper
primeur	n	de · mv. primeurs	a first, the first instance of an occurrence
daaro	d		there, yonder, over there
prutser	n	de · mv. prutsers	botcher (clumsy or incompetent worker; a bungler)
moriaan	n	de · mv. morianen	negro, blackamoor, Moor, Ethiopian; Arab, Moor
pieper	n	de · mv. piepers	pipit; a small potato; beeper, buzzer
profijt	n	het · mv. profijten	profit
brevier	n	het · mv. brevieren	breviary (liturgical book for use at canonical hours); brevier
Bargoens	m		Bargoens (a Dutch cant)
aanstormen	v	stormde aan – aangestormd	to approach quickly, to go straight towards (someone) with great speed; to storm, to assault
kompaan	n	de · mv. kompanen	companion, friend
deportatie	n	de · mv. deportaties	deportation
deporteren	v	deporteerde – gedeporteerd	to deport
escorteren	v	escorteerde – geëscorteerd	to escort
kompel	n	de · mv. kompels	a miner
depri	a		depressed, downcast
depressief	a		depressed
viltstift	n	de · mv. viltstiften	marker pen, felt-tip pen
merkstift	n	de · mv. merkstiften	permanent marker (type of pen)
markeerstift	n	de · mv. markeerstiften	highlighter
vilt	n	het	felt (animal hair/fibre)
aanstorm	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanstormen
aanstorme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanstormen
aanstormt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanstormen
relikwie	n	de/het · mv. relikwieën	relic
reliek	n	de/het · mv. relieken	relic
teleur	d		to a loss, to waste
antisemitisch	a		antisemitic
kindertijd	n	de · mv. kindertijden	childhood
benedenwinds	a		leeward
bovenwinds	a		windward
intensiteit	n	de · mv. intensiteiten	intensity
bomma	n	de · mv. bomma's	grandmother
huif	n	de · mv. huiven	chaperon (headgear); cap to blind a falcon used in hunting; canvas wrapped around a prairie schooner or other covered wagon
skaffa	a		high (intoxicated with a drug other than alcohol)
comazuipen	v		to binge drink to an excess leading to (normally unintentional) loss of…
risken	v	riskte – geriskt	to play Risk
sinas	n	de	orangeade, orange soda
delinquant	n	de · mv. delinquanten	delinquent
consulent	n	de · mv. consulenten	counsel, adviser, consultant; especially an educational adviser; a minister of a congregation who temporarily also serves another…
gemis	n	het	lack, absence; in particular one that is strongly felt emotionally; loss, especially a very emotional loss
struis	n	de · mv. struisen	an ostrich, flightless bird of the genus Struthio; ceruse, a lead-containing white pigment used as a cosmetic and for medical…
reducent	n	de · mv. reducenten	decomposer
dorps	a		pertaining or belonging to villages, characteristic of villages, having the…
sprinten	v	sprintte – gesprint	to sprint
knorren	v	knorde – geknord	to grunt, to oink
resistent	a		resistant
droppen	v	dropte – gedropt	to airdrop (deliver goods, equipment, or personnel by dropping them from an…; to drop off (deliver, deposit or leave; allow passengers to alight)
hamam	n	de · mv. hamams	Turkish bath, hammam
gereedschapskist	n	de · mv. gereedschapskisten	a toolbox, storage case for physical tools; a set of auxiliary devices to tackle a set of related problems, e.g. a…
tauros	n	de · mv. taurossen	the tauros (breed of cattle)
Davids	m		a surname
geruststellen	v	stelde gerust – gerustgesteld	to put at ease, reassure
schertsen	v	schertste – geschertst	to joke, to jest
vergiftiging	n	de · mv. vergiftigingen	poisoning
pias	n	de · mv. piassen	fool, clown
trapas	n	de · mv. trapassen	a bottom bracket of a bicycle; the part that connects the crankset to the frame
curiosum	n	het · mv. curiosa	a curiosity, a curio, a curiosum
aerodynamica	n	de	aerodynamics
bromium	n	het	bromine
eroticum	n	het · mv. erotica	an erotic medium (book, story, etc.)
aanrijden	v	reed aan – aangereden	to collide with a vehicle; to arrive driving or riding
aanrijding	n	de · mv. aanrijdingen	collision
africhten	v	richtte af – afgericht	to train (animals), to tame
aanrijdt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanrijden
aanrijd	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanrijden
aanreedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanrijden
aanrijde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanrijden
aanrede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanrijden
aanreed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanrijden
africht	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
africhte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of africhten
bloedvergiftiging	n	de · mv. bloedvergiftigingen	blood poisoning (presence of micro-organisms in bloodstream enough to cause…
apotheose	n	de · mv. apotheosen	apotheosis
prognose	n	de · mv. prognoses	forecast, prognosis
bromfiets	n	de · mv. bromfietsen	moped, limited to 50 cc engine and 45 km/h speed
snorfiets	n	de · mv. snorfietsen	moped, limited to 25 km/h speed
handschoenenkast	n	de · mv. handschoenenkasten	glove compartment (compartment recessed in an automobile’s dashboard)
krocht	n	de · mv. krochten	underground cavity, vile and dark subterranean location; bad, substandard housing; a shanty
iezegrim	n	de · mv. iezegrims	curmudgeon (an ill-tempered stubborn person)
vaginaal	a		vaginal (of the vagina)
rollebollen	v	rollebolde – gerollebold	to frolic
winkeldiefstal	n	de · mv. winkeldiefstallen	shoplifting
ramkraak	n	de · mv. ramkraken	a ramraid (esp. at a bank): a robbery, a theft where the premises are rammed…
bundelen	v	bundelde – gebundeld	to bundle, to put together; to unite, to gather together
historica	n	de · mv. historica's	a female historian
intoxicatie	n	de · mv. intoxicaties	intoxication
joekel	n	de · mv. joekels	whopper (anything remarkably large)
partijdig	a		partial (biased)
uhm	i		erm, um
betogen	v	betoogde – betoogd	to demonstrate, to show; to (attempt to) produce evidence or proof
portemonnee	n	de · mv. portemonnees	wallet; purse, coin purse
rijschool	n	de · mv. rijscholen	driving school
motorcoureur	n	de · mv. motorcoureurs	motorcycle racer
overrijden	v	overreed – overreden	to run over; to drive over; to ride again
steniging	n	de · mv. stenigingen	stoning
wenselijk	a		desirable
wenselijkheid	n	de · mv. wenselijkheden	desirability
overrijdt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
overreden	v	overreedde – overreed	to convince, persuade
overrede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overrijden (“to drive over, to…
overreed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overrijden (“to drive over, to…
overrijde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overrijden (“to drive over,…
overrijd	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overrijden (“to…
overreedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overrijden…
Iraanse	n	de · mv. Iraansen	Iranian woman
omroeper	n	de · mv. omroepers	announcer, continuity announcer
nieuwslezer	n	de · mv. nieuwslezers	a newsreader, a news anchor, a newscaster
ecliptica	n	de · mv. ecliptica's	ecliptic
verslaafd	a		depending on (drugs or medications); addicted to
grillroom	n	de · mv. grillrooms	grill room
determinator	n	de · mv. determinatoren	determiner
empiricus	n	de · mv. empirici	empiricist
ledemaat	n	de/het · mv. ledematen	limb
stompen	v	stompte – gestompt	to pommel with one's fist(s), to punch
verademen	v	verademde – verademd	to relax, to renew, to refresh
aanschouwelijk	a		graphical, pictorial; visible; empirical
diegene	r		he who, she who
minachten	v	minachtte – geminacht	to show contempt, to look down, to scorn
neerzien	v	zag neer – neergezien	to look down (on)
doceren	v	doceerde – gedoceerd	to teach, to instruct
verengelsing	n	de · mv. verengelsingen	anglicisation
verengelsen	v	verengelste – verengelst	to anglicise, to become English; to anglicise, to make English
inspringen	v	sprong in – ingesprongen	to fill in, to be replaced; to indent (at the beginning of a paragraph)
harmoniseren	v	harmoniseerde – geharmoniseerd	to harmonize
begunstigen	v	begunstigde – begunstigd	to favour, to benefice
protegeren	v	protegeerde – geprotegeerd	to protect
mondialiseren	v	mondialiseerde – gemondialiseerd	to globalize
mechanica	n	de	mechanics
hoornvlies	n	het · mv. hoornvliezen	cornea
uit-en-te-na	d		comprehensively, thoroughly
sanctie	n	de · mv. sancties	sanction (measure intended to encourage compliance); sanction, approval
foetsie	a		gone, vanished, away
LWOO	n	het	LeerWegOndersteunend Onderwijs
keppel	n	de · mv. keppels	kippah, yarmulke
spelcomputer	n	de · mv. spelcomputers	a video game console, especially a non-portable one
koekoeksklok	n	de · mv. koekoeksklokken	cuckoo clock (any musical clock with a cuckoo figurine that imitates a…
rommelig	a		messy, disorderly
gortig	a		rude, dirty
óf	c		whether, if
uitlezing	n	de · mv. uitlezingen	reading, readout
vrijmaken	v	maakte vrij – vrijgemaakt	to set free
voorbijkomen	v	kwam voorbij – voorbijgekomen	to pass, to come to pass, to end; to drop by
binnenst	a		innermost
reconstrueren	v	reconstrueerde – gereconstrueerd	to reconstruct
instabiel	a		unstable
ruimte-tijd	n	de	spacetime
handvat	n	het · mv. handvatten	handle, grip
rimpeling	n	de · mv. rimpelingen	ripple
zwaartekrachtsgolf	n	de · mv. zwaartekrachtsgolven	gravitational wave
gravitationeel	a		gravitational
deeltjesversneller	n	de · mv. deeltjesversnellers	particle accelerator
versneller	n	de · mv. versnellers	accelerator (something that accelerates)
exciteren	v	exciteerde – geëxciteerd	to excite
promovendus	n	de · mv. promovendussen	doctoral student, doctoral candidate
promovenda	n	de · mv. promovenda's	female doctoral student or candidate
ongestoord	a		undisturbed
faculteit	n	de · mv. faculteiten	college (in the US sense: department of a university dedicated to a given…; factorial
natuurwetenschap	n	de · mv. natuurwetenschappen	natural science
snaartheorie	n	de · mv. snaartheorieën	string theory
tweelingbroer	n	de · mv. tweelingbroers	twin brother
tweelingbroeder	n	de · mv. tweelingbroeders	twin brother
theoreticus	n	de · mv. theoretici	theorist
snaartheoreticus	n	de · mv. snaartheoretici	string theorist
eeneiig	a		identical, monozygotic
gerenommeerd	a		renowned
mede-uitvinder	n	de · mv. mede-uitvinders	co-inventor
proloog	n	de · mv. prologen	prologue; first leg of a multi-stage cycling race like the Tour de France
metafysisch	a		metaphysical
neerziet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neerzien
neerzag	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of neerzien
neerzage	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of neerzien
neerzaagt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of neerzien
inspronge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inspringen
inspringe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inspringen
inspringt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inspringen
insprong	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inspringen
insprongt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of inspringen
inspring	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inspringen
vrijmaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vrijmaken
vrijmake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vrijmaken
vrijmaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vrijmaken
voorbijkwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorbijkomen
voorbijkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorbijkomen
voorbijkom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorbijkomen
voorbijkome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voorbijkomen
voorbijkwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voorbijkomen
voorbijkwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voorbijkomen
gortepap	n	de	a kind of barley porridge
borstkas	n	de · mv. borstkassen	chest, thorax, ribcage
factureren	v	factureerde – gefactureerd	to invoice
rolschaats	n	de · mv. rolschaatsen	roller-skate
rolschaatsen	v	rolschaatste – gerolschaatst	to roller-skate
koeren	v	koerde – gekoerd	to coo (pigeons, doves and etc)
binnenplaats	n	de · mv. binnenplaatsen	courtyard (open space enclosed by buildings)
malloot	n	de · mv. malloten	fool, idiot, moron
malloot	a		foolish
lafaard	n	de · mv. lafaards	coward, wuss
bangerik	n	de · mv. bangeriken	faint-hearted (individual), coward
gezwel	n	het · mv. gezwellen	tumour, neoplasm
biologe	n	de · mv. biologes	biologist (female)
isme	n	het · mv. ismes	ism
melaatse	n	de · mv. melaatsen	leper
bekommeren	v	bekommerde – bekommerd	to concern oneself, to worry/be worried
dierendag	n	de · mv. dierendagen	animal day (World Animal Day, celebrated on 4 October)
voorzitster	n	de · mv. voorzitsters	chairwoman
dierenbescherming	n	de	protection of animals: i.e., (defense of) animal rights; society for humane treatment of animals
Werelddierendag	m		World Animal Day (4 October)
dierenrechten	n		animal rights
commercie	n	de	commerce; commercialism
spreekuur	n	het · mv. spreekuren	consulting hour
overlijdensdatum	n	de · mv. overlijdensdata	date of death
geboortedatum	n	de · mv. geboortedata	date of birth
wegrit	n	de · mv. wegritten	road race
tijdrit	n	de · mv. tijdritten	a time trial, race against the clock
wereldtitel	n	de · mv. wereldtitels	world title
noodtoestand	n	de · mv. noodtoestanden	state of emergency
opstandig	a		rebellious
kraakverbod	n	het · mv. kraakverboden	prohibition against squatting (government decree)
trammelant	n	het	fuss, loud disturbing noise
Letse	n	de · mv. Letsen	a Latvian woman
autocoureur	n	de · mv. autocoureurs	car racer
schaatser	n	de · mv. schaatsers	skater, ice-skater
vrachtvliegtuig	n	het · mv. vrachtvliegtuigen	cargo plane, cargo aircraft
flatgebouw	n	het · mv. flatgebouwen	apartment building
gevleugeld	a		winged
schermster	n	de · mv. schermsters	female fencer
schermer	n	de · mv. schermers	fencer
kampioene	n	de · mv. kampioenen	female champion
bekertoernooi	n	het · mv. bekertoernooien	cup (tournament)
tamboer-maître	n	de · mv. tamboer-maîtres	drum major
Servische	n	de · mv. Servischen	Serb, Serbian (female inhabitant of Serbia)
bijlage	n	de · mv. bijlagen	a supplement (to a document); e-mail attachment
uitlekken	v	lekte uit – uitgelekt	to leak out; to divulge (a secret), to reveal; to lick something clean
kersvers	a		brand new, new to a job
tendentieus	a		tendentious, biased, slanted
nodeloos	a		needless, unnecessary
ongefundeerd	a		unfounded, baseless
respectvol	a		respectful, showing respect
schijterig	a		cowardly
heugen	v	heugde – geheugd	to remember; to remain in one's memory; to remind
heugenis	n	de · mv. heugenissen	memory, recollection
inwonersaantal	n	het · mv. inwonersaantallen	population (count)
pintelieren	v	pintelierde – gepintelierd	to drink heavily
uitlek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitlekken
uitlekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitlekken
uitlekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitlekken
Gaelisch	a		Gaelic
Gaelisch	m		Gaelic
Boliviaans	a		Bolivian
ondervraging	n	de · mv. ondervragingen	questioning, interrogation
operatie	n	de · mv. operaties	operation; operation, procedure, surgery
kameraad	n	de · mv. kameraden	comrade; friend
geboortebewijs	n	het · mv. geboortebewijzen	birth certificate
geboorteakte	n	de · mv. geboorteakten	birth certificate
eetstoornis	n	de · mv. eetstoornissen	eating disorder
stoornis	n	de · mv. stoornissen	disorder
levensjaar	n	het · mv. levensjaren	year (of one's life)
sportvereniging	n	de · mv. sportverenigingen	sports club
motorreis	n	de · mv. motorreizen	motorcycle trip
rondreis	n	de · mv. rondreizen	tour (journey through a particular building, estate, country, etc.)
rondreis	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of rondreizen
leproos	n	de · mv. leprozen	leper
leproos	a		leprous
mislukking	n	de · mv. mislukkingen	failure
hinderlaag	n	de · mv. hinderlagen	ambush
hergroeperen	v	hergroepeerde – gehergroepeerd	to regroup
Boliviaanse	n	de · mv. Boliviaansen	Bolivian woman
overbodigheid	n	de · mv. overbodigheden	redundancy, excessiveness
vergeefsheid	n	de · mv. vergeefsheden	futility
nutteloosheid	n	de · mv. nutteloosheden	uselessness
vruchteloos	a		fruitless, unproductive, futile
vruchteloosheid	n	de · mv. vruchteloosheden	uselessness, futility
onbruikbaar	a		unusable, useless
mallen	v	malde – gemald	to trifle
onbruikbaarheid	n	de · mv. onbruikbaarheden	uselessness
endemie	n	de · mv. endemieën	endemic (disease that prevalent in an area; such a prevalent outbreak); endemism (state of being endemic, exclusive to an area)
entelechie	n	de	entelechy, full actualisation
zerp	a		tangily sour
filatelistisch	a		philatelic
geldeenheid	n	de · mv. geldeenheden	monetary unit, unit of currency
koriander	n	de	coriander (Coriandrum sativum); The leaves or seeds of coriander used as a culinary herb or spice
moralisme	n	het	moralism
vuistvuurwapen	n	het · mv. vuistvuurwapenen	handgun
Scandinavië	m		Scandinavia (a geographic region of Northern Europe, consisting of Denmark,…; Scandinavia (a peninsula in Northern Europe, consisting of Norway, Sweden…
Oernoords	m		Proto-Norse, Proto-Nordic (language)
Oernoords	a		Proto-Norse, Proto-Nordic
wisdoek	n	de · mv. wisdoeken	dishcloth
verdrinkingsdood	n	de	death by drowning
haarscherp	a		pinpoint, extremely accurate
afranselen	v	ranselde af – afgeranseld	to beat up
exerceren	v	exerceerde – geëxerceerd	to practise, to exercise
peperduur	a		costly, extremely expensive, luxurious
stuurwiel	n	het · mv. stuurwielen	a steering wheel (primarily of land vehicles)
flard	n	de · mv. flarden	bit, piece; shred, tatter
dwarrelen	v	dwarrelde – gedwarreld	to whirl, to flutter
zelfverzekerdheid	n	de · mv. zelfverzekerdheden	self-confidence, self-belief
zelfverzekerd	a		self-confident, self-assured
afransel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afranselen
afransele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afranselen
afranselt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afranselen
oest	n	de · mv. oesten	a knot or knurl in a tree or wood; gnarl
ergerlijk	a		annoying, disturbing
zonnedak	n	het · mv. zonnedaken	skylight
smoel	n	de · mv. smoelen	mouth, face; look, appearance
joch	n	het	a young boy
sereen	a		serene, peaceful
sereniteit	n	de · mv. sereniteiten	serenity
ontketenen	v	ontketende – ontketend	to unchain, unleash, unshackle
ketenen	v	ketende – geketend	to chain, shackle
opschudding	n	de · mv. opschuddingen	commotion, turmoil
opschudden	v	schudde op – opgeschud	to cause turmoil, to shake up
concurreren	v	concurreerde – geconcurreerd	to compete
uitproberen	v	probeerde uit – uitgeprobeerd	to try out
Srebrenica	m		Srebrenica (a town in Bosnia and Herzegovina)
Ede	m		Ede (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
truffel	n	de · mv. truffels	a truffle; a magic truffle, the sclerotia of magic mushrooms
naschok	n	de · mv. naschokken	aftershock
insluipen	v	sloop in – ingeslopen	to slip through, to creep in
renoster	n	de · mv. renosters	rhinoceros
opschudt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opschudden
opschude	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opschudden
opschud	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opschudden
uitprobeer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitproberen
uitprobeert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitproberen
uitprobere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitproberen
insluipe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of insluipen
insloop	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of insluipen
inslope	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of insluipen
insluipt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of insluipen
insloopt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of insluipen
insluip	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of insluipen
Mexicaans	a		Mexican
partieel	a		partial
Ethiopiër	n	de · mv. Ethiopiërs	Ethiopian
runderpest	n	de	rinderpest
pokken	n	de	smallpox
kristallen	a		crystal
hernoemen	v	hernoemde – hernoemd	to rename
overweg	n	de · mv. overwegen	level crossing
overweg	d		get on with, get along with, be friendly with
spoorwegovergang	n	de · mv. spoorwegovergangen	level crossing
spoorweg	n	de · mv. spoorwegen	railway
biels	n	de · mv. bielzen	railroad tie, railway sleeper
gnoom	n	de · mv. gnomen	gnome
pick-up	n	de · mv. pick-ups	pickup (truck); pickup (electronic device to turn vibrations into an electric signal); record player
Ieper	m		Ypres
beller	n	de · mv. bellers	caller, someone who calls in
activum	n	het · mv. activa	active voice; active-voice form
moederland	n	het · mv. moederlanden	motherland
veteraan	n	de · mv. veteranen	veteran; a player of a higher age (depending on which branch of sports)
vervaldatum	n	de · mv. vervaldata	due date (of payment); best before date
proficiat	i		congratulations!
aangever	n	de · mv. aangevers	informant; declarant (person submitting a/the declaration); one who hands something to someone, one who passes something on
stijlfiguur	n	de · mv. stijlfiguren	stylistic device, literary device
zinsbouw	n	de · mv. zinsbouwen	syntax, sentence structure (grammatical structure)
miljoenenstad	n	de · mv. miljoenensteden	city of a million or more inhabitants
harses	n		noggin, bonce
zegswijze	n	de · mv. zegswijzen	saying, expression
buikje	n	het · mv. buikjes	a belly with a certain excess of fat; a potbelly
meticuleus	a		meticulous
hantering	n	de · mv. hanteringen	handling, management
breedbeeld	a		widescreen
bloeddorstig	a		bloodthirsty
grimmig	a		gruesome, grim
grimmigheid	n	de	grimness, gruesomeness
moderniseren	v	moderniseerde – gemoderniseerd	to modernize (US), to modernise (UK)
domesticatie	n	de · mv. domesticaties	domestication
domesticeren	v	domesticeerde – gedomesticeerd	to domesticate
ophoesten	v	hoestte op – opgehoest	to cough up, to expectorate
complottheorie	n	de · mv. complottheorieën	conspiracy theory
falsifieerbaar	a		falsifiable
falsifieerbaarheid	n	de	falsifiability
Duffel	m		a small town in Belgium
onfalsifieerbaarheid	n	de	unfalsifiability
cirkelredenering	n	de · mv. cirkelredeneringen	circular argument, circular reasoning
wegzetten	v	zette weg – weggezet	to put away, set aside
potje	n	het · mv. potjes	game, match
Duffels	a		originating from Duffel (town)
uitvoerder	n	de · mv. uitvoerders	performer, mostly used in the performing of building projects, foreman; exporter
liedjesschrijver	n	de · mv. liedjesschrijvers	songwriter
bandleider	n	de · mv. bandleiders	bandleader
ophoest	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
ophoeste	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ophoesten
wegzet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
besmetten	v	besmette – besmet	to infect (with a disease), to contaminate
Haïtiaans	a		Haitian
Haïtiaan	n	de · mv. Haïtianen	a Haitian
uitdrogen	v	droogde uit – uitgedroogd	to dehydrate
dehydratie	n	de · mv. dehydraties	dehydration
weggeven	v	gaf weg – weggegeven	to give away, to offer as a gift
uitdroogt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdrogen
uitdroog	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdrogen
uitdroge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitdrogen
weggaaft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of weggeven
weggeeft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of weggeven
weggeve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of weggeven
weggeef	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of weggeven
weggave	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of weggeven
weggaf	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of weggeven
aanleveren	v	leverde aan – aangeleverd	to supply
illustratie	n	de · mv. illustraties	illustration
toepasselijk	a		apt, applicable, appropriate
accentueren	v	accentueerde – geaccentueerd	to accentuate
verduidelijking	n	de · mv. verduidelijkingen	clarification
aanlevere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanleveren
aanlever	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanleveren
aanlevert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanleveren
verluchtigen	v	verluchtigde – verluchtigd	to air, ventilate (archaic); to illustrate, illuminate
illuminatie	n	de · mv. illuminaties	illumination (colored adornment in a manuscript)
getijdenboek	n	het · mv. getijdenboeken	book of hours
enten	v	entte – geënt	to graft
getijdengebed	n	het · mv. getijdengebeden	canonical prayer
boekverluchting	n	de · mv. boekverluchtingen	illumination (colored adornment in a manuscript); illumination (the activity of producing such adornments)
initieel	a		initial
rechtsprocedure	n	de · mv. rechtsprocedures	judicial process
torenspits	n	de · mv. torenspitsen	spire
vieringtoren	n	de · mv. vieringtorens	crossing tower
conisch	a		conical
piramidaal	a		pyramidal, pyramid-shaped; enormous, huge
bekroning	n	de · mv. bekroningen	crowning
tandenpoetsen	v	poetste tanden – tandengepoetst	to brush teeth
hoektand	n	de · mv. hoektanden	canine (tooth)
speerpunt	n	de · mv. speerpunten	spearhead (point of a spear); main point of discussion or policy, central plank
speer	n	de · mv. speren	spear
scherpen	v	scherpte – gescherpt	to sharpen
aanscherpen	v	scherpte aan – aangescherpt	to sharpen; to make more effective
kalkstenen	a		made of limestone
tandenpoets	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tandenpoetsen
tandenpoetst	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
tandenpoetse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of tandenpoetsen
scherpte	n	de · mv. scherptes	sharpness, acuity
aanscherp	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanscherpen
aanscherpe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanscherpen
aanscherpt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanscherpen
bruinkool	n	de · mv. bruinkolen	lignite, brown coal
kolen	n		coal, especially in pieces
naamgever	n	de · mv. naamgevers	eponym
gedaante	n	de · mv. gedaanten	form, appearance
klaverjassen	n	het	a type of trick-taking card game popular in the Netherlands, akin to belote…
klaverjassen	v	klaverjaste – geklaverjast	to play the above card game
kaartspelen	v	speelde kaart – kaartgespeeld	to play cards
landverhuizer	n	de · mv. landverhuizers	emigrant, migrant
beraadslagen	v	beraadslaagde – beraadslaagd	to discuss in depth, to deliberate
verzendkosten	n		shipping costs, shipping prices
voorzorg	n	de · mv. voorzorgen	precaution
koophandel	n	de	trade, commerce
faalangst	n	de	fear of failure, atychiphobia
wegvervoer	n	het	road transport
bijrol	n	de · mv. bijrollen	minor role, supporting role
touwslager	n	de · mv. touwslagers	rope maker
regelgeving	n	de · mv. regelgevingen	regulations
niettegenstaande	p		notwithstanding
sinterklaasavond	n	de · mv. sinterklaasavonden	the evening with presents, which is on the day of Sinterklaas, 6 December…
duvelstoejager	n	de · mv. duvelstoejagers	jack of all trades, factotum; heavy slip hook onto which the end of the anchor chain is locked
knutselen	v	knutselde – geknutseld	to DIY; to put something together out of whatever is available at the time,…
knutselen	n	het	handicrafts, primarily as a children's activity
vels	n	de · mv. velzen	rock, cliff
smullen	v	smulde – gesmuld	to eat quickly, to feast
smikkelen	v	smikkelde – gesmikkeld	to feast (on), to eat (delectable food)
smikkel	n	de · mv. smikkels	face, mouth
jeugdigheid	n	de · mv. jeugdigheden	youthfulness, youth
Joegoslavisch	a		Yugoslavian
hartig	a		having a salty taste, such as cheese, meat etc. (i.e. not sweet)
lafhartig	a		cowardly, frightened, craven
hartigheid	n	de · mv. hartigheden	saltiness, spiciness; something that is salty and spicy
lafheid	n	de · mv. lafheden	lack of courage, cowardice
vreesachtig	a		apprehensive, timid, fearful
bangelijk	a		frightened, scared
levenskracht	n	de · mv. levenskrachten	vitality; life force
levenskrachtig	a		energetic, spirited, having great vitality and vigour
nevelen	v	nevelde – geneveld	to be foggy
nevelig	a		foggy, nebulous
emittent	n	het · mv. emittenten	issuer of shares or securities
lompen	n		tatters, rag
examinator	n	de · mv. examinatoren	examinator (someone who sets an examination)
teneinde	c		in order to, so as to
berberaap	n	de · mv. berberapen	Barbary macaque (Macaca sylvanus)
begroten	v	begrootte – begroot	to budget, to appraise, to estimate
boosdoener	n	de · mv. boosdoeners	evildoer, perpetrator, culprit
onkwetsbaar	a		invulnerable
beu	a		fed up, having had enough
beu	d		to satiety
respons	n	de/het · mv. responsen	response
penant	n	het · mv. penanten	pier (piece of wall between two frames or openings, such as windows or doors); pedestal or pillar (support piece of a mill)
representant	n	de · mv. representanten	A representative
resem	n	de · mv. resems	long list of similar things; collection of similar objects that are attached to each other with flexible…
solden	n		sale (a period of reduced prices)
trien	n	de · mv. trienen	uneducated, unrefined or unintelligent woman
bandeng	n	de · mv. bandengen	milkfish, Chanos chanos
humaniora	n		humanities
meningsverschil	n	het · mv. meningsverschillen	disagreement, difference of opinion
grinden	v	grindde – gegrind	to grind; to grind (dance closely in a sexy way); to cover with gravel
ionosfeer	n	de · mv. ionosferen	ionosphere
nuf	n	de · mv. nuffen	a woman, in particular a girl, who is considered arrogant or posh
trollen	v	trolde – getrold	to troll (provoke)
coachen	v	coachte – gecoacht	to coach
temperaturen	v	temperatuurde – getemperatuurd	to measure the temperature of
pitten	v	pitte – gepit	to sleep; to pit, to go to the pits for fuel or tyres
plaggen	v	plagde – geplagd	to excavate sods or peat (from)
blanke	n	de · mv. blanken	a white person, someone with a light skin colour
inlate	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inlaten
tennisracket	n	het · mv. tennisrackets	tennis racket
knuppelen	v	knuppelde – geknuppeld	to bludgeon, to sap, to club
kluppelen	v	kluppelde – gekluppeld	to bludgeon, to sap, to club
heruitgave	n	de · mv. heruitgaven	new edition (e.g. of a book), re-release
uitkeren	v	keerde uit – uitgekeerd	to pay out, to disburse
epuratie	n	de · mv. epuraties	(political) purification, cleansing, now especially in the context of World…
jegens	p		against, in competition with
laagdrempelig	a		easily accessible
uitkeert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitkeren
uitkeer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitkeren
uitkere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitkeren
stadsdeel	n	het · mv. stadsdelen	part of a city; a city district unique to the Netherlands, similar to the deelgemeente in…
motie	n	de · mv. moties	motion, vote, proposal
roofridder	n	de · mv. roofridders	robber baron
onenig	a		discordant, unharmonious
tolereren	v	tolereerde – getolereerd	to tolerate
toleratie	n	de	tolerance
tolerabel	a		tolerable
chemokuur	n	de · mv. chemokuren	chemotherapy
chemotherapie	n	de · mv. chemotherapieën	chemotherapy
radiotherapie	n	de · mv. radiotherapieën	radiotherapy
jubilaris	n	de · mv. jubilarissen	a celebrant of one's jubilee or anniversary
goeiemiddag	i		good afternoon
goeienacht	i		good night
varkensvlees	n	het	pork
eenzijdig	a		having just one side, one-sided; involving only one party, unilateral; biased, unfair
luthers	a		Lutheran
solipsisme	n	het · mv. solipsismen	solipsism
belenen	v	beleende – beleend	to pledge, to impawn
herbergier	n	de · mv. herbergiers	innkeeper
pantsersmid	n	de · mv. pantsersmeden	armorsmith (US), armoursmith (UK)
wapensmid	n	de · mv. wapensmeden	weaponsmith
luidkeels	a		with a loud voice
doornhaai	n	de · mv. doornhaaien	spiny dogfish, spurdog (Squalus acanthias)
Donauzalm	n	de · mv. Donauzalmen	huchen, Danube salmon (Hucho hucho)
genderdysforie	n	de	gender dysphoria
dysforie	n	de · mv. dysforieën	dysphoria
transseksueel	a		transsexual
transseksueel	n	de · mv. transseksuelen	a transsexual
juffertje-in-het-groen	n	het · mv. juffertjes-in-het-groen	love-in-a-mist (Nigella damascena)
zee-engel	n	de · mv. zee-engelen	angel shark, shark of the family Squatinidae
hamerhaai	n	de · mv. hamerhaaien	hammerhead shark, any shark of the Sphyrnidae
zebrahaai	n	de · mv. zebrahaaien	zebra shark (Stegostoma fasciatum)
luipaardhaai	n	de · mv. luipaardhaaien	leopard shark (Triakis semifasciata)
kotsen	v	kotste – gekotst	to vomit
klont	n	de · mv. klonten	a (small) lump of matter, e.g. of food
hetze	n	de · mv. hetzes	witch hunt, hate campaign, smear campaign
overvaller	n	de · mv. overvallers	robber, raider
fecunderen	v	fecundeerde – gefecundeerd	to make fertile, to fecundate
fecunditeit	n	de · mv. fecunditeiten	fecundity
vergelen	v	vergeelde – vergeeld	to become yellow, to yellow; to make yellow, to yellow
venijnboom	n	de · mv. venijnbomen	synonym of taxus (“yew, Taxus baccata”)
venijn	n	het · mv. venijnen	venom, poison; something that is hurtful, slanderous and venomous
installateur	n	de · mv. installateurs	installer (a person who installs)
getogen	a		brought up, grown up, raised
ingieten	v	goot in – ingegoten	to pour in
zenuwslopend	a		nerve-racking
Alberts	m		a surname originating as a patronymic
huiler	n	de · mv. huilers	a cryer, one who weeps; an unweaned abandoned seal
biseksueel	a		bisexual
biseksueel	n	de · mv. biseksuelen	bisexual
sterrenstof	n	het · mv. sterrenstoffen	stardust; cosmic dust; cocaine, coke
sjansen	v	sjanste – gesjanst	to flirt
centen	n		money
eivormig	a		egg-shaped
doerian	n	de · mv. doerians	durian (tree); durian (fruit)
ingiet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
ingote	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of ingieten
ingiete	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ingieten
ingoot	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of ingieten
lutherse	n	de · mv. luthersen	Lutheran
crèmekleurig	a		cream-colored (US), cream-coloured (UK)
zaadmantel	n	de · mv. zaadmantels	aril (tissue surrounding the seed in certain fruits)
omhulsel	n	het · mv. omhulsels	hull, covering, shell; integument
mierenbroodje	n	het · mv. mierenbroodjes	elaiosome
plantensoort	n	de · mv. plantensoorten	plant species
zaadhuid	n	de · mv. zaadhuiden	tegument, seed coat (that which surrounds the endosperm)
huiden	v	huidde – gehuid	to hide, to conceal
oliehoudend	a		oleaginous
koolhydraatrijk	a		carbohydrate-rich
fruitachtig	a		fruitlike
plantenrijk	n	het · mv. plantenrijken	Plant Kingdom, kingdom Plantae
bladgroen	n	het	chlorophyll
waterstofsulfide	n	het · mv. waterstofsulfiden	hydrogen sulfide
structuurformule	n	de · mv. structuurformules	structural formula
topman	n	de · mv. topmannen	a male executive of a business or company
aartsbisdom	n	het · mv. aartsbisdommen	archdiocese
argumenteren	v	argumenteerde – geargumenteerd	to argue
totdat	c		until, till
trouwjurk	n	de · mv. trouwjurken	wedding dress
jawoord	n	het · mv. jawoorden	acceptance of a marriage proposal
moedjahedien	n		mujahideen (Muslim holy warriors)
blasfemisch	a		blasphemous, unsacred
blasfemeren	v	blasfemeerde – geblasfemeerd	to blaspheme
Antifa	m		Antifa (decentralized militant left-wing anti-fascist movement)
Antifa	n	de · mv. Antifa's	an Antifa member
gelijkmaker	n	de · mv. gelijkmakers	equalizer (goal, run, point, etc. that equalises the score)
melkslang	n	de · mv. melkslangen	milk snake
ringslang	n	de · mv. ringslangen	grass snake
koningscobra	n	de · mv. koningscobra's	king cobra (Ophiophagus hannah)
korenslang	n	de · mv. korenslangen	corn snake
trapslang	n	de · mv. trapslangen	ladder snake
pofadder	n	de · mv. pofadders	puff adder, a viper of the genus Bitis
verzwaren	v	verzwaarde – verzwaard	to increase in severity or intensity
opdoemen	v	doemde op – opgedoemd	to appear out of nowhere
modderstroom	n	de · mv. modderstromen	mudflow, mudslide
onbegaanbaar	a		impracticable, untraversable
fretten	v	frette – gefret	to eat
onderverdelen	v	verdeelde onder – ondergeverdeeld	to subdivide
noodweer	n	het · mv. noodweren	extremely bad weather (e.g. torrential rainfall); self-defence in case of emergency; the right to self-defense
aardverschuiving	n	de · mv. aardverschuivingen	landslide; (political) upheaval
bres	n	de · mv. bressen	breach, gap, opening
Somaliër	n	de · mv. Somaliërs	a Somali (someone from Somalia)
praeses	n	de · mv. praesessen	president, chair, generally of an academic/student organization
Piet	m		a male given name (Peter / Petrus)
curandus	n	de · mv. curandi	an adult person subject to a particular regime of guardianship (curatele)
kroegentocht	n	de · mv. kroegentochten	pub crawl
mediëvist	n	de · mv. mediëvisten	medievalist (scholar studying the Middle Ages)
kleedje	n	het · mv. kleedjes	carpet
snek	n	de · mv. snekken	drakkar, Viking longship
calciet	n	het	calcite
zegsvrouw	n	de · mv. zegsvrouwen	spokeswoman
speuren	v	speurde – gespeurd	to search thoroughly
nasporen	v	spoorde na – nagespoord	to trace, to search, to investigate
bermbom	n	de · mv. bermbommen	roadside bomb
ontsteker	n	de · mv. ontstekers	a detonator
handgranaat	n	de · mv. handgranaten	hand grenade
laaien	v	laaide – gelaaid	to rage, to burn ferociously
bevooroordeeld	a		subjective, biased, preconceived
annulering	n	de · mv. annuleringen	cancellation
versnapering	n	de · mv. versnaperingen	refreshment, finger food, snack
ongelegen	a		untimely, inopportune
inhaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inhalen
inhaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inhalen
opdoemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdoemen
opdoeme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opdoemen
opdoem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdoemen
onderverdele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of onderverdelen
onderverdeelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
onderverdeel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of onderverdelen
naspoort	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nasporen
naspore	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of nasporen
naspoor	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nasporen
laai	n	de · mv. laaien	flame; glow
laaiend	a		furious, enraged
laaiend	d		fiercely, intensely, ferociously
foppen	v	fopte – gefopt	to fool, to trick, to deceive
jeugdpuistjes	n		acne
vlekken	v	vlekte – gevlekt	to stain, to make stains on
zonnevlek	n	de · mv. zonnevlekken	sunspot
talgklierfollikel	n	de · mv. talgklierfollikels	sebaceous follicle
follikel	n	de · mv. follikels	follicle
talgklier	n	de · mv. talgklieren	sebaceous gland
etterig	a		purulent, pussy (containing or consisting of pus); nasty, pratty
ontsieren	v	ontsierde – ontsierd	to make ugly, to uglify, to mar the appearance (of something)
kolonialisme	n	het	colonialism
commilito	n	de · mv. commilito's	fellow student, in particular used for members of the same student society
uitschieten	v	schoot uit – uitgeschoten	to shoot out; to eject, to throw (out); to grow rapidly
uitschieter	n	de · mv. uitschieters	an outstanding achiever, someone who stands out from the average crowd
diacones	n	de · mv. diaconessen	a deaconess, a female deacon
jaargetij	n	het · mv. jaargetijden	Short form of jaargetijde
zesenzeventig	u		seventy-six
vijfduizend	u		five thousand
achtduizend	u		eight thousand
zesduizend	u		six thousand
tichel	n	de · mv. tichels	roof tile; brick; flagstone
lavement	n	het · mv. lavementen	washing, wash; lavement, enema, clyster
uitschiet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
uitschoot	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of uitschieten
uitschote	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of uitschieten
uitschiete	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitschieten
relaxen	v	relaxte – gerelaxt	to relax
tweënzestig	u		sixty-two
zesentachtig	u		eighty-six
achtentachtig	u		eighty-eight
zevenentachtig	u		eighty-seven
vijfentachtig	u		eighty-five
negenennegentig	u		ninety-nine
drieënnegentig	u		ninety-three
zesennegentig	u		ninety-six
tweeënnegentig	u		ninety-two
zevenennegentig	u		ninety-seven
negenenzeventig	u		seventy-nine
prostituee	n	de · mv. prostituees	prostitute
vijfennegentig	u		ninety-five
mitrailleur	n	de · mv. mitrailleurs	machine-gun
carburateur	n	de · mv. carburateurs	carburetor
aankunnen	v	kon aan – aangekund	to be able to handle, to be able to take
aankan	v		first/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aankunnen
aankon	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aankunnen
aankunt	v		second-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aankunnen
aankunne	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aankunnen
aankonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aankunnen
aankondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aankunnen
scherts	n	de · mv. schertsen	joking, tomfoolery, silliness; a joke, a prank
albinisme	n	het	albinism
spectroscopie	n	de	spectroscopy
contrabande	n	de · mv. contrabandes	smuggled goods, contraband
idioticon	n	het · mv. idiotica	idioticon (dictionary of a certain lect, especially of the terms particular…
cassonade	n	de · mv. cassonades	brown sugar
vierennegentig	u		ninety-four
vierentachtig	u		eighty-four
drieëntachtig	u		eighty-three
tweeëntachtig	u		eighty-two
eenennegentig	u		ninety-one
eenentachtig	u		eighty-one
negenentachtig	u		eighty-nine
koelen	v	koelde – gekoeld	to cool
benemen	v	benam – benomen	to take away; snatch; to purloin, to rob, to steal, to filch, to swipe
drenken	v	drenkte – gedrenkt	to drench, to soak
agrarisch	a		agrarian, agricultural
afzakken	v	zakte af – afgezakt	to drop down, to come down; to sag; to decrease, to lessen
kennistheorie	n	de	epistemology
noordwaarts	d		northwards
noordwaarts	a		northward, northerly
zuidwaarts	d		southwards
zuidwaarts	a		southward, southerly
oostwaarts	d		eastwards
oostwaarts	a		eastward, easterly
afdammen	v	damde af – afgedamd	to dam (off)
doeg	i		bye
doeg	n		synonym of dag
behaviorisme	n	het	behaviorism
beducht	a		afraid, fearful
afbranden	v	brandde af – afgebrand	to burn down
afzakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzakken
afzakke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afzakken
afzak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afzakken
afbrande	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afbranden
afbrandt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afbranden
afbrand	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afbranden
herenigen	v	herenigde – herenigd	to reunite
ineen	d		together
vleier	n	de · mv. vleiers	flatterer
grootscheeps	a		large-scale
rul	a		grainy, granular
rekest	n	het · mv. rekesten	request
bezoldigen	v	bezoldigde – bezoldigd	to pay salary to
licent	n	het · mv. licenten	originally an export duty, specifically a licence to trade with an enemy,…
kievit	n	de · mv. kieviten	northern lapwing (Vanellus vanellus); A lapwing; any bird of the genus Vanellus
willens	d		willingly, deliberately
antithetisch	a		antithetic, antithetical
ritselaar	n	de · mv. ritselaars	facilitator, fixer
batist	n	het · mv. batisten	batiste, cambric; a piece of batiste fabric
bühne	n	de · mv. bühnen	stage (where performances are held)
raggen	v	ragde – geragd	to move back and forth repeatedly wildly; to wipe, swing or brush wildly; to drive recklessly and aggressively
nardus	n	de	nard (plant); nard (oil, fragrance)
verpleeghuis	n	het · mv. verpleeghuizen	rest home, nursing home (place of residence that provides on-site specialist…
fêteren	v	fêteerde – gefêteerd	to fete; to have festivities in honour of, to celebrate (a person)
profeteren	v	profeteerde – geprofeteerd	to prophesy
smetten	v	smette – gesmet	to dirty, to foul; to defile
verzieken	v	verziekte – verziekt	to make toxic, to wreck (mood, atmosphere)
satiriek	a		satirical
hatelijkheid	n	de · mv. hatelijkheden	hatefulness, malice; a sharp and hurtful remark
roemen	v	roemde – geroemd	to praise, to laud
onkreukbaar	a		incorruptible
hurriën	v	hurriede – gehurried	to hasten, to hurry
ablutie	n	de · mv. abluties	ablution, ritual washing; ablution, rinsing of the wine vessel and the priest's hand after Communion
beheersing	n	de · mv. beheersingen	control; knowledge, command, proficiency, mastery
gebondenheid	n	de · mv. gebondenheden	lack of freedom, constraint; connectedness
transfusie	n	de · mv. transfusies	transfusion
sikkeneurig	a		peevish, grumpy
opsommen	v	somde op – opgesomd	to enumerate, to sum up
schijnheiligheid	n	de · mv. schijnheiligheden	hypocrisy
omwentelen	v	wentelde om – omgewenteld	to revolve
opsom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opsommen
opsomme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opsommen
opsomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opsommen
omwentelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omwentelen
omwentel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omwentelen
omwentele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omwentelen
omwenteling	n	de · mv. omwentelingen	revolution
neuralgisch	a		neuralgic
binnendoor	d		via a shortcut
binnenweg	n	de · mv. binnenwegen	a secondary or side road that is often used as a shortcut to circumvent traffic
etnocentrisme	n	het	ethnocentrism
bluffen	v	blufte – gebluft	to bluff
boventoon	n	de · mv. boventonen	overtone
nasynchroniseren	v	synchroniseerde na – nagesynchroniseerd	to dub (as in a movie)
synchroniseren	v	synchroniseerde – gesynchroniseerd	to synchronize
verstrikken	v	verstrikte – verstrikt	to trap, to snare; to entrap, to entangle
inblazen	v	blies in – ingeblazen	to breathe new life into, to give another chance to, to revive
losslaan	v	sloeg los – losgeslagen	to knock open, to knock loose; to ram
gezichtsveld	n	de · mv. gezichtsvelden	field of view; scope of one's comprehension
nasynchronisere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of nasynchroniseren
nasynchroniseer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nasynchroniseren
nasynchroniseert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
inbliest	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of inblazen
inblaast	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inblazen
inblaas	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inblazen
inblies	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inblazen
inblaze	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inblazen
inblieze	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inblazen
lossloeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of losslaan
losslaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of losslaan
lossloegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of losslaan
lossloege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of losslaan
behappen	v	behapte – behapt	to understand, fathom
gekkie	n	het · mv. gekkies	silly, silly person (used mostly as a term of endearment, as in English)
barkas	n	de · mv. barkassen	launch; largest lifeboat aboard a ship
bridgen	v	bridgede – gebridged	to play bridge
foeder	n	de · mv. foeders	a very large wooden vat in which beer is lagered
rubricator	n	de · mv. rubricatoren	rubricator (scribe who added texts and markings in red and sometimes another…
hermafroditisme	n	het	hermaphroditism
krukas	n	de · mv. krukassen	a crankshaft
fabelachtig	a		legendary, famous; fabulous, unbelievable
hagelsnoer	n	het · mv. hagelsnoeren	chalaza
kiemvlek	n	de · mv. kiemvlekken	germinal disk
luchtkamer	n	de · mv. luchtkamers	air cell
broedsel	n	het · mv. broedsels	brood, spawn
porie	n	de · mv. poriën	pore (on the surface of skin)
schokdemper	n	de · mv. schokdempers	shock absorber
voordringen	v	drong voor – voorgedrongen	to jump the queue, to cut in line
oorlel	n	de · mv. oorlellen	earlobe
alver	n	de · mv. alvers	bleak (Alburnus alburnus)
autogas	n	het	autogas (liquefied petroleum gas)
thematisch	a		thematic (pertaining to a theme); thematic (forming verb stems with a thematic vowel)
voordring	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voordringen
voordringe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voordringen
voordrongt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voordringen
voordrong	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voordringen
voordronge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voordringen
voordringt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voordringen
reisspiegel	n	de · mv. reisspiegels	travelling mirror
zeebedding	n	de · mv. zeebeddingen	seabed
eendenmossel	n	de · mv. eendenmossels	goose barnacle of the family Lepadidae
trippen	v	tripte – getript	to trip, be in an altered mental state due to psychoactive drugs
ontgroeien	v	ontgroeide – ontgroeid	to outgrow (to become too big or mature for some object, practice,…; to outgrow (to grow faster or taller than someone or something else)
nakomen	v	kwam na – nagekomen	to fulfill (one's promise), to carry out (an obligation)
rigoureus	a		full-on, rigorous
rigoureus	d		rigorously, strictly, harshly; exactly, precisely
nakwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of nakomen
nakomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nakomen
nakwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of nakomen
nakwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of nakomen
nakome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of nakomen
nakom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nakomen
impulsmoment	n	het · mv. impulsmomenten	angular momentum
asjemenou	i		what the heck (expression of surprise)
versheid	n	de · mv. versheden	freshness
eendracht	n	de	concord; unity (in beliefs)
bedwang	n	het	constraint, check, control
rimpelloos	a		peaceful, carefree
genialiteit	n	de	brilliance, ingenuity
pyromaan	n	de · mv. pyromanen	pyromaniac
beschoren	a		allotted, granted
agaten	a		agate, consisting of or made from agate
afdam	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdammen
afdamt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdammen
afdamme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afdammen
wetteloos	a		lawless
wetteloosheid	n	de · mv. wetteloosheden	lawlessness
ongekend	a		unprecedented, unknown; immense, enormous
afkijken	v	keek af – afgekeken	to crib, to plagiarize, to cheat by copying another's work; to learn by watching
afkijk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkijken
afkijkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afkijken
afkijke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afkijken
afkeke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afkijken
afkeek	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afkijken
afkeekt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afkijken
pijler	n	de · mv. pijlers	pillar (large post, vertical support structure); pillar (essential support or principle)
buitenverblijf	n	het · mv. buitenverblijven	a country house; an animal enclosure that either is completely outdoors or has an outdoor section
voorgevel	n	de · mv. voorgevels	front of a building, façade; human face; or in particular the nose or mouth
parkachtig	a		resembling a park, having the features of a park
materialisme	n	het	materialism (view that only matters exists); materialism (pursuit of money or possessions)
penvriend	n	de · mv. penvrienden	penfriend, pen pal
zoveelste	a		nth, umpteenth; so-manieth
investeringsbank	n	de · mv. investeringsbanken	investment bank
Harm	m		a diminutive of the male given name Herman, from Low German, meaning “army man”
doelwit	n	het · mv. doelwitten	target (something or someone at which one aims), prey
bindingsangst	n	de	fear of commitment
drijten	v	dreet – gedreten	to defecate
weerloos	a		defenseless
cricketen	v	crickette – gecricket	to play cricket
splitten	v	splitte – gesplit	to divide, to break up
stoet	n	de · mv. stoeten	procession; bread
vocativus	n	de · mv. vocativi	the vocative case or a word therein
nominativus	n	de · mv. nominativi	the nominative case or a word therein
genitivus	n	de · mv. genitivi	the genitive case or a word therein
dativus	n	de · mv. dativi	the dative case or a word therein
locativus	n	de · mv. locativi	the locative case or a word therein
prostituant	n	de · mv. prostituanten	john (client of a prostitute)
kaarden	v	kaardde – gekaard	to card (to use a carding device to disentangle the fibres of wool prior to…
serienummer	n	het · mv. serienummers	a serial number
adressering	n	de · mv. adresseringen	addressing (process of putting a person's name and address on an item of mail)
tentamen	n	het · mv. tentamens	an examination (especially in higher education)
16-minner	n	de · mv. 16-minners	someone below the age of 16; i.e. a legal minor
Servo-Kroatisch	m		Serbo-Croatian
Servo-Kroatisch	a		Serbo-Croatian
Meeren	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
geestgrond	n	de · mv. geestgronden	a type of soil consisting of a mixture of sand and clay
Achterhoeks	a		of or relating to the Achterhoek, a region in the East of the Netherlands
Achterhoeks	m		a lect of Netherlands, a dialect of Dutch Low Saxon
Burgers	m		a surname
veenlijk	n	het · mv. veenlijken	bog body (mummified human remains found in a bog)
investeerder	n	de · mv. investeerders	investor
haček	n	de · mv. hačeks	háček
kaken	v	kaakte – gekaakt	to gib: the method of removing the gills and other internal organs of a…
sleepkabel	n	de · mv. sleepkabels	towline
kabelinternet	n	het	cable internet
knapperig	a		crispy
staafmixer	n	de · mv. staafmixers	immersion blender
wachtgeld	n	het · mv. wachtgelden	an allowance paid to someone who is involuntarily unemployed in their field…
classificeren	v	classificeerde – geclassificeerd	to classify
poolen	v	poolde – gepoold	to play pool (a series of cue sports played on a billiard table)
detacheren	v	detacheerde – gedetacheerd	to deploy, to assign to work
detacheringsbedrijf	n	het · mv. detacheringsbedrijven	a contracting company
fra.	n		Frans ≡ French (language)
sufferd	n	de · mv. sufferds	fool, idiot; a local or regional newspaper
domoor	n	de · mv. domoren	fool, oaf, dunce (stupid or silly person)
ruimtestation	n	het · mv. ruimtestations	space station
vernaaien	v	vernaaide – vernaaid	to adjust, to modify through sewing; to screw up, to fuck up
Hylke	m		a male or female given name from West Frisian
barotroop	a		barotropic
Jalta	m		Yalta, a city and raion in Ukraine
landmassa	n	de · mv. landmassa's	a landmass
hydrofyt	n	de · mv. hydrofyten	hydrophyte, waterplant
viscositeit	n	de · mv. viscositeiten	viscosity
oppervlaktestroom	n	de · mv. oppervlaktestromen	surface current
oppervlaktestroomdichtheid	n	de · mv. oppervlaktestroomdichtheden	surface current density
zonderling	a		eccentric, strange, weird
zonderling	n	de · mv. zonderlingen	a weirdo, eccentric (a person standing out by unusual behaviour or clothing)
plomp	a		clumsy, oafish; blunt, coarse
plomp	n	de · mv. plompen	name of various aquatic plant species of water lily family; the sound of a heavy falling object hitting a liquid; splash
plomp	i		Representing the sound of a heavy falling object hitting a liquid; splash
dwaasheid	n	de · mv. dwaasheden	stupidity, foolishness
susceptibiliteit	n	de · mv. susceptibiliteiten	electric susceptibility
permeabiliteit	n	de · mv. permeabiliteiten	permeability, ability to transmit fluids; (magnetic) permeability
permittiviteit	n	de · mv. permittiviteiten	permittivity
volumestroom	n	de · mv. volumestromen	volume current
volumestroomdichtheid	n	de · mv. volumestroomdichtheden	volume current density
lijnstroomdichtheid	n	de · mv. lijnstroomdichtheden	line current density
lijnstroom	n	de · mv. lijnstromen	line current
orthogonaal	a		orthogonal
orthonormaal	a		orthonormal
verticaal	a		vertical (perpendicular to the plane of the horizon)
Fouriertransformatie	n	de · mv. Fouriertransformaties	Fourier transform
antrax	n	de	anthrax
motorboten	v	motorbootte – gemotorboot	to motorboat
motorboot	n	de · mv. motorboten	motorboat
transformatie	n	de · mv. transformaties	transformation
omkeerbaar	a		reversible
symbolisme	n	het	symbolism
fantoom	n	het · mv. fantomen	phantom, apparition, ghost; figment, mirage, product of fantasy
Megleno-Roemeens	m		Megleno-Romanian language
Istro-Roemeens	m		Istro-Romanian language
randvoorwaarde	n	de · mv. randvoorwaarden	prerequisite; boundary condition
Higgsdeeltje	n	het · mv. Higgsdeeltjes	Higgs particle
handigheid	n	de · mv. handigheden	skilfulness, handiness, dexterity
tussenruimte	n	de · mv. tussenruimtes	an intervening space, interstice, space, gap
kardinaliteit	n	de · mv. kardinaliteiten	cardinality
continuïteitsvergelijking	n	de · mv. continuïteitsvergelijkingen	continuity equation
volumelading	n	de · mv. volumeladingen	volume charge; bulky, light cargo; cargo which is paid by volume, not by weight
volumeladingsdichtheid	n	de · mv. volumeladingsdichtheden	volume charge density
oppervlakteladingsdichtheid	n	de · mv. oppervlakteladingsdichtheden	surface charge density
oppervlaktelading	n	de · mv. oppervlakteladingen	surface charge
lijnlading	n	de · mv. lijnladingen	line charge
lijnladingsdichtheid	n	de · mv. lijnladingsdichtheden	line charge density
distel	n	de · mv. distels	A thistle (plant of the tribe Cynareae syn. Cardueae); Any of various prickly plants resembling a thistle, such as sea holly…
grootteorde	n	de · mv. grootteordes	order of magnitude
diminutivum	n	het · mv. diminutiva	synonym of verkleinwoord (“diminutive”)
boud	a		bold, brave
droeven	v	droefde – gedroefd	to be sad, to sadden
stroomlijn	n	de · mv. stroomlijnen	streamline
stroomlijnen	v	stroomlijnde – gestroomlijnd	to streamline
pegel	n	de · mv. pegels	icicle; a euro
idealiseren	v	idealiseerde – geïdealiseerd	to idealize (US), idealise (UK)
wijf	n	het · mv. wijven	woman, potentially being as pejorative as bitch; broad, bint
draaikolk	n	de · mv. draaikolken	whirlpool, vortex
kolken	v	kolkte – gekolkt	to whirl, to churn; to rise or descend in a whirl; to experience strong emotions, to seethe
rampspoed	n	de · mv. rampspoeden	disaster, catastrophe
toerbeurt	n	de · mv. toerbeurten	a turn (period of participation)
natuurramp	n	de · mv. natuurrampen	natural disaster
natuurgeweld	n	de · mv. natuurgewelden	natural disaster; strong or violent force of nature
motorrijder	n	de · mv. motorrijders	motorbiker, motorcyclist
rijder	n	de · mv. rijders	a rider, someone who rides; a soldier with the rank of soldaat in the Korps Rijdende Artillerie
voedselketen	n	de · mv. voedselketens	food chain
zuurgraad	n	de · mv. zuurgraden	acidity; pH value
uitdunnen	v	dunde uit – uitgedund	to weed out, to cull
leefstijl	n	de · mv. leefstijlen	lifestyle
omspringen	v	sprong om – omgesprongen	to handle, to treat; to jump about, to hop around
cilindrisch	a		cylindrical
uitdunt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdunnen
uitdunne	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitdunnen
uitdun	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitdunnen
omspringe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of omspringen
omspring	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omspringen
omsprongt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of omspringen
omspringt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of omspringen
omsprong	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of omspringen
omspronge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of omspringen
seminarium	n	het · mv. seminaria	a seminary
friettent	n	de · mv. friettenten	chip shop, friterie, takeaway
heldhaftig	a		heroic, daring, brave
haperen	v	haperde – gehaperd	to malfunction, to be out of order, falter
rijten	v	reet – gereten	to rip, to tear
spillen	v	spilde – gespild	to waste, to spend vainly or profligately; to spill
tankstation	n	het · mv. tankstations	filling station, petrol station (UK), gas station (US)
pompstation	n	het · mv. pompstations	filling station, petrol station (UK), gas station (US)
glamping	n	de · mv. glampings	a luxury campsite; glamping (glamorous camping)
opluchting	n	de · mv. opluchtingen	relief
oplichting	n	de · mv. oplichtingen	fraud, scam
Michiel	m		a male given name from Hebrew, equivalent to English Michael
effen	a		leveled; plain or monocoloured
hoofdweg	n	de · mv. hoofdwegen	main road
hoofdstraat	n	de · mv. hoofdstraten	main street/Main Street
hoofddorp	n	het · mv. hoofddorpen	main village
dijn	t		your, thy
derven	v	derfde – gederfd	to lack, want
gewestelijk	a		regional
compliceren	v	compliceerde – gecompliceerd	to complicate
startbaan	n	de · mv. startbanen	runway
klaverblad	n	het · mv. klaverbladen	shamrock; cloverleaf interchange
hutspot	n	de	A traditional Dutch dish made from mashed potatoes, carrots and onions,…
seraf	n	de · mv. serafs	uraeus-like angel; humanoid angel of the highest rank
vagen	v	vaagde – gevaagd	to sweep; to brush; to clean
kruien	v	kruide – gekruid	to form or have formed an ice shove or ice jam; to rotate the movable parts of a windmill, e.g. to orient the sweeps to face…; to transport in a wheelbarrow
Slaaf	n	de · mv. Slaven	Slav
zwelgen	v	zwolg – gezwolgen	to eat greedily, gulp down, gobble up, guzzle; to indulge, revel in
Germaan	n	de · mv. Germanen	a person from the old Germanic people; a German
zitgrasmaaier	n	de · mv. zitgrasmaaiers	a riding lawnmower
grasmaaier	n	de · mv. grasmaaiers	lawnmower
ontruiming	n	de · mv. ontruimingen	evacuation; expulsion
kruit	n	het	gunpowder
Nijmegen	m		Nijmegen (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Moezel	m		Moselle (a left tributary of Rhine, flowing through the departments of…
catechese	n	de	catechesis (religious instruction)
catechismus	n	de · mv. catechismussen	catechism
vermaren	v	vermaarde – vermaard	to make famous, to make one's accomplishments known
maatschappijleer	n	de	civics (school subject)
gaatje	n	het · mv. gaatjes	cavity, caries
quizzen	v	quizde – gequizd	to do a quiz
intimus	n	de · mv. intimi	a close friend, an intimate friend
bolk	n	de · mv. bolken	pouting, bib, Trisopterus luscus
wablief	i		I beg your pardon?
mitella	n	de · mv. mitella's	sling (hanging bandage)
moes	n	de/het	mush, pulp (of food); mom, mother
voorde	n	de · mv. voorden	ford
correspondente	n	de · mv. correspondentes	a female correspondent, in particular a reporter
lont	n	de · mv. lonten	fuse (for explosive device); wick (of candle, lamp, etc.)
rechtszaal	n	de · mv. rechtszalen	courtroom
Thijs	m		a diminutive of the male given name Matthijs, equivalent to English Matt; a surname
heling	n	de · mv. helingen	fencing (buying of stolen goods); healing
overkoepelen	v	overkoepelde – overkoepeld	to form an association with a common purpose or an umbrella organization
aanschuiven	v	schoof aan – aangeschoven	to shove closer (a chair to a table in order to eat for example); to shove…; to sit down at a table, to join in at a table
pesterij	n	de · mv. pesterijen	bullying, teasing
aanschuift	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanschuiven
aanschove	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanschuiven
aanschuive	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanschuiven
aanschooft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanschuiven
aanschoof	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanschuiven
aanschuif	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanschuiven
Diets	a		Middle Dutch; In favor of, or relating to, a Greater Netherlands
Diets	m		the Middle Dutch language
machinaal	a		mechanical
machinaal	d		mechanically, by means of a machine
bolwerk	n	het · mv. bolwerken	bastion, bulwark (fortification, small fort)
bolwerken	v	bolwerkte – gebolwerkt	to manage satisfactorily
onderminister	n	de · mv. onderministers	undersecretary
bestoken	v	bestookte – bestookt	to attack, to shoot at; to shell, to bombard; to plague, to harass
clusterbom	n	de · mv. clusterbommen	cluster bomb
besluipen	v	besloop – beslopen	to sneak up on, stalk, to approach using stealth; to bother constantly, to harass
beschieten	v	beschoot – beschoten	to shoot at, to fire at; to cover with planks; to cover, to stretch out (over)
sluipschutter	n	de · mv. sluipschutters	sniper
ondoorzichtigheid	n	de · mv. ondoorzichtigheden	opaqueness
doorzichtigheid	n	de · mv. doorzichtigheden	transparency
kerst	n	de · mv. kersten	Christmas, the major Christian feast commemorating the birth of Jesus Christ
norit	n	de/het	a brand of activated carbon
loodsman	n	de · mv. loodsmannen	pilot, expert who helps navigate to the harbor or coast; guide
probandus	n	de · mv. probandi	a male proband (man who is subject of a genealogical study)
orgastisch	a		orgastic (experiencing, resembling or pertaining to orgasm; having the…
gepensioneerde	n	de · mv. gepensioneerden	pensioner
pensioneren	v	pensioneerde – gepensioneerd	to pension; to take a pension, to pension oneself
microfoon	n	de · mv. microfoons	microphone
schematisme	n	het	schematism
Veluwe	m		an area and natural reserve located in the province of Gelderland, the…; a hamlet in Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands
vordering	n	de · mv. vorderingen	petition (of court), complaint; claim against a debtor, account receivable; claim against any obligor, obligee’s right to performance
tegoed	n	het · mv. tegoeden	credit, amount you are owed
parlementariër	n	de · mv. parlementariërs	parliamentarian, member of a parliament
zuil	n	de · mv. zuilen	pillar, support
verzuilen	v	verzuilde – verzuild	to pillarize, to become segregated along political and religious lines
verzuiling	n	de · mv. verzuilingen	pillarization, institutional segregation of society according to religious…
pilaar	n	de · mv. pilaren	pillar
upcycling	n	de	upcycling
gewaar	a		aware, noticing something
jonkie	n	het · mv. jonkies	youngling, little one ((relatively) young person)
diefte	n	de	theft
zeemansgraf	n	het · mv. zeemansgravven	burial at sea
oneer	n	de	shame, dishonour
beetwortel	n	de · mv. beetwortels	sugar beet
algorithmus	n	de · mv. algorithmi	algorithm
flinks	a		left-wing, but with some right-wing policies
verslaving	n	de · mv. verslavingen	addiction
addictie	n	de · mv. addicties	addiction
slabber	n	de · mv. slabbers	bib (item of clothing for people (especially babies) tied around their neck…
verrekenen	v	verrekende – verrekend	to offset, to settle (a debt or a payment)
klere	n	de	cholera
koptelefoon	n	de · mv. koptelefoons	headphone
prioriteit	n	de · mv. prioriteiten	priority
eenling	n	de · mv. eenlingen	a loner, someone who is or operates alone; a baby born alone; not a multiple birth
verderf	n	het	ruination, perdition
ammunitie	n	de	ammunition, ammo
hoofdtelefoon	n	de · mv. hoofdtelefoons	headphone
buitenwijk	n	de · mv. buitenwijken	an outlying suburb
infuus	n	het · mv. infusen	IV, drip, an intravenous injection
kruidenthee	n	de · mv. kruidentheeën	herbal tea
nachtblindheid	n	de · mv. nachtblindheden	night blindness
apodictisch	a		apodictic
bloemperk	n	het · mv. bloemperken	flower bed
dutten	v	dutte – gedut	to doze, to nap, to sleep lightly
indutten	v	dutte in – ingedut	to doze off, to fall into a light sleep
dutje	n	het · mv. dutjes	a nap, a doze, a light sleep
bloedbad	n	het · mv. bloedbaden	bloodbath, carnage
multipool	n	de · mv. multipolen	multipole
verjaren	v	verjaarde – verjaard	to have one's birthday; become expired due to a statute of limitations
oplosbaar	a		solvent, (substance) which can be dissolved; solvable, (question, problem) which can be resolved
oplosmiddel	n	het · mv. oplosmiddelen	solvent
nabewerken	v	bewerkte na – nabewerkt	to put a finishing touch on
bedruipen	v	bedroop – bedropen	to baste, to besprinkle; to be financially independent, to support oneself without assistance from others
bevochtigen	v	bevochtigde – bevochtigd	to wet, to dampen; to moisturize
verflucht	n		paint smell (literally "paint air")
bepissen	v	bepiste – bepist	to piss on, to bepiss; to piss one's pants laughing
bewaking	n	de · mv. bewakingen	surveillance, watch
weerspreken	v	weersprak – weersproken	to refute, contradict, dispute
contanten	n		cash
kwijtschelden	v	schold kwijt – kwijtgescholden	to acquit, to forgive (a debt); to remit (a punishment)
konvooi	n	het · mv. konvooien	convoy
mollen	v	molde – gemold	to wreck, to destroy
muntje	n	het · mv. muntjes	a mint-flavored candy, a breath mint
toekeren	v	keerde toe – toegekeerd	to turn towards, to turn to
autocraat	n	de · mv. autocraten	autocrat
indut	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
nabewerke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of nabewerken
nabewerk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nabewerken
nabewerkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nabewerken
weerspreek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of weerspreken
weerspreke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of weerspreken
weerspraakt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of weerspreken
weersprake	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of weerspreken
weersprak	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of weerspreken
weerspreekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of weerspreken
kwijtscheld	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of kwijtschelden
kwijtschold	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of kwijtschelden
kwijtscheldt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
kwijtscholdt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of kwijtschelden
kwijtscholde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of kwijtschelden
kwijtschelde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of kwijtschelden
toekeert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toekeren
toekere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of toekeren
toekeer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of toekeren
narekenen	v	rekende na – nagerekend	to recalculate, to check one's calculations
keigoed	a		damn good
steengoed	a		damn good, unsurpassably good
steengoed	n	het · mv. steengoederen	pottery; stoneware, particularly German stoneware that is baked at high temperatures…
stronk	n	de · mv. stronken	tree stump
boomstronk	n	de · mv. boomstronken	synonym of stronk (“tree stump”)
zijdelings	d		sideways; indirectly
zijdelings	a		sideways, collateral; indirect
terugwaarts	d		backwards
terugwaarts	a		backward
teruguit	d		backwards
aanstoten	v	stootte aan – aangestoten	to bump into (something), to collide with; to nudge someone to get their attention
aanrekenen	v	rekende aan – aangerekend	to charge, to hold accountable or responsible for
hemmetje	n	het · mv. hemmetjes	shirt, blouse
portretteren	v	portretteerde – geportretteerd	to draw, paint or photograph a portrait of, to portray
gedaantewisseling	n	de · mv. gedaantewisselingen	shapeshifting
wisseling	n	de · mv. wisselingen	change, swap, exchange
gedaanteverandering	n	de · mv. gedaanteveranderingen	shapeshifting
transfiguratie	n	de · mv. transfiguraties	transfiguration, transformation
transfigureren	v	transfigureerde – getransfigureerd	to transfigurate, to transform
metamorfoseren	v	metamorfoseerde – gemetamorfoseerd	to metamorphosize, to transform
losstaan	v	stond los – losgestaan	to be independent (of), to stand apart (from)
ruggespraak	n	de	consultation, discussion with stakeholders
ordner	n	de · mv. ordners	a binder, a hard-cover folder
nareken	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of narekenen
narekent	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of narekenen
narekene	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of narekenen
aanstoot	n	de · mv. aanstoten	offense, affront; cause, impulse (that which leads up to an effect)
aanstoot	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
aanstote	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanstoten
aanstiet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanstoten
aanstiete	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanstoten
aanrekene	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanrekenen
aanreken	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanrekenen
aanrekent	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanrekenen
losstonde	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of losstaan
losstaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of losstaan
losstond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of losstaan
losstondt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of losstaan
verstrooiing	n	de · mv. verstrooiingen	dispersion, scattering; distraction, entertainment, leisure
civiel	a		civil (all senses); civilian
civiel	n	het	plain clothes
figuurlijk	a		figurative
figuurlijk	d		figuratively
ontdooien	v	ontdooide – ontdooid	to thaw, to defrost
kinderspel	n	het · mv. kinderspellen	child's play (a children's game); child's play (something easy to do)
toverslag	n	de · mv. toverslagen	stroke of magic
leut	n	de	fun, pleasure; coffee; frequent drinker of a certain beverage
robinia	n	de · mv. robinia's	any plant of the genus Robinia; the black locust tree (Robinia pseudoacacia)
luchtsluis	n	de · mv. luchtsluizen	airlock (pressure chamber between aerobic and vacuum areas)
riooljournalistiek	n	de	yellow journalism
sensatieblad	n	het · mv. sensatiebladen	tabloid
na-apen	v	aapte na – nageaapt	to imitate
peul	n	de · mv. peulen	pea pod, bean pod; snow pea (Pisum sativum var. saccharatum), or its pod eaten as food
zaadlob	n	de · mv. zaadlobben	a cotyledon
lobben	v	lobde – gelobd	to lob (a ball)
binnenband	n	de · mv. binnenbanden	inner tube, inner tyre
kolchoz	n	de · mv. kolchozen	kolkhoz
Schiphol	m		Schiphol, the airport of the city of Amsterdam, and the main international…
vroed	a		wise, knowing
vroedschap	n	de · mv. vroedschappen	a type of town council in the early modern Netherlands
voorwaar	d		indeed, truly, verily, forsooth
vervloekt	a		cursed, damned
toneelspeler	n	de · mv. toneelspelers	actor in a play, stage actor
toneelspeelster	n	de · mv. toneelspeelsters	actress in a play
pochen	v	pochte – gepocht	to brag
viervoeter	n	de · mv. viervoeters	quadruped; tetrapod, any member of the superclass Tetrapoda; dog
betichten	v	betichtte – beticht	to accuse
barbarij	n	de · mv. barbarijen	barbarism, barbarity, brutality
barbaar	n	de · mv. barbaren	barbarian
barbaarsheid	n	de · mv. barbaarsheden	barbarity, barbarousness
onvruchtbaar	a		infertile, sterile, barren
onvruchtbaarheid	n	de	infertility, barrenness
kwakkel	n	de · mv. kwakkels	synonym of kwartel (“quail”)
raffinaderij	n	de · mv. raffinaderijen	refinery
na-ape	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of na-apen
na-aapt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of na-apen
na-aap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of na-apen
olieraffinaderij	n	de · mv. olieraffinaderijen	oil refinery
voortrekken	v	trok voor – voorgetrokken	to favour, to show favouritism towards
boegseren	v	boegseerde – geboegseerd	to tug, to tow by rowing
sleepboot	n	de · mv. sleepboten	tugboat
sleeptouw	n	de · mv. sleeptouwen	towline
skilift	n	de · mv. skiliften	ski lift
Elfstedentocht	m		Elfstedentocht
drijfvermogen	n	het	buoyancy, the ability to stay afloat
microcandela	n	de · mv. microcandela's	microcandela: 10⁻⁶ of a candela
picocandela	n	de · mv. picocandela's	picocandela: 10⁻¹² candela
megacandela	n	de · mv. megacandela's	megacandela: 10⁶ candela
kilocandela	n	de · mv. kilocandela's	kilocandela: 1000 candelas
gigacandela	n	de · mv. gigacandela's	gigacandela: 10⁹ candela
petaohm	n	de/het · mv. petaohms	petaohm: 10¹⁵ ohm
hectocandela	n	de · mv. hectocandela's	hectocandela: 10² candela
attocandela	n	de · mv. attocandela's	attocandela: 10⁻¹⁸ candela
primeren	v	primeerde – geprimeerd	to have priority, to prevail (over); to prime (apply a coat of primer paint to)
confirmatie	n	de · mv. confirmaties	confirmation
confirmeren	v	confirmeerde – geconfirmeerd	to confirm, to validate, to corroborate; to confirm, to authorise; to confirm
cryptozoölogie	n	de	cryptozoology
Etrusk	n	de · mv. Etrusken	an Etruscan person
ellenlang	a		incredibly long
beplakken	v	beplakte – beplakt	to glue together, to stick together; to stick something onto
voortrek	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voortrekken
voortrok	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voortrekken
voortrokt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voortrekken
voortrekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voortrekken
voortrokke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voortrekken
voortrekke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voortrekken
huik	n	de · mv. huiken	sleeveless cape or coat; canvas cover; calyptra
naaste	n	de · mv. naasten	fellow human, someone close to oneself (such as a neighbour, relative etc.)
overzien	v	overzag – overzien	to oversee, to have a view of
schicht	n	de · mv. schichten	beam of light, flash; cincinnus, scorpioid cyme
waaier	n	de · mv. waaiers	hand-held fan (used for cooling oneself); something resembling the shape of a fan
waaieren	v	waaierde – gewaaierd	to fan, to cool with a hand-held fan or another motion of the hand
verkondiger	n	de · mv. verkondigers	preacher
overvliegen	v	vloog over – overgevlogen	to fly over; to fly in, to bring in by aircraft; to pass from one department or level to the next
middelpunt	n	het · mv. middelpunten	middle point, centre
centrifugaal	a		centrifugal
stampvoeten	v	stampvoette – gestampvoet	to stamp/stomp with the feet, often in rage or frustration
klapstuk	n	het · mv. klapstukken	brisket; a highlight, a masterpiece
zwoerd	n	het · mv. zwoerden	pork rind, sward
zeekomkommer	n	de · mv. zeekomkommers	sea cucumber, echinoderm of the class Holothuroidea
raketsla	n	de	synonym of rucola
valstrik	n	de · mv. valstrikken	snare, trap for catching animals or trespassers; any kind of trap or ploy made to deceive
kiemen	v	kiemde – gekiemd	to germinate, to sprout
kiemgroente	n	de · mv. kiemgroenten	sprout (an edible vegetable that comes from germinated seeds)
teler	n	de · mv. telers	a cultivator, a tiller, a farmer
taugé	n	de	mung bean sprout(s), shoots of the mung bean
mungboon	n	de · mv. mungbonen	mung bean (plant or edible seed of Vigna radiata)
ontkiemen	v	ontkiemde – ontkiemd	to germinate
weeral	d		(once) again
sinusoïdaal	a		sinusoidal
stralingsveld	n	het · mv. stralingsvelden	radiation field
elektrodynamica	n	de	electrodynamics
multipoolexpansie	n	de · mv. multipoolexpansies	multipole expansion
monopool	n	de · mv. monopolen	monopole
monopoolterm	n	de · mv. monopooltermen	monopole term
dipool	n	de · mv. dipolen	dipole
dipoolterm	n	de · mv. dipooltermen	dipole term
quadrupool	n	de · mv. quadrupolen	quadrupole
quadrupoolterm	n	de · mv. quadrupooltermen	quadrupole term
octopool	n	de · mv. octopolen	octopole
octopoolterm	n	de · mv. octopooltermen	octopole term
leenvertaling	n	de · mv. leenvertalingen	loan translation, calque
vijflettergrepig	a		pentasyllabic
naamwoordelijk	a		nominal
nietszeggend	a		saying nothing, meaningless, featureless
betekenisvol	a		meaningful
neutronenster	n	de · mv. neutronensterren	neutron star
valentienucleon	n	het · mv. valentienucleonen	valence nucleon
elektronneutrino	n	het · mv. elektronneutrino's	electron neutrino
muonneutrino	n	het · mv. muonneutrino's	muon neutrino
tauonneutrino	n	het · mv. tauonneutrino's	tau neutrino
continuüm	n	het · mv. continua	continuum
muiterij	n	de · mv. muiterijen	mutiny
zandbank	n	de · mv. zandbanken	sandbank, shoal
ultraorthodox	a		ultraorthodox (chiefly in reference to Judaism or Protestantism)
gymles	n	de · mv. gymlessen	physical education
gymp	n	de · mv. gympen	a light athletic shoe, sneaker, runner
collaboratie	n	de	collaboration with the Nazis, fascists or another enemy; treason, traitorous…
overvloog	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of overvliegen
overvliegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overvliegen
overvloogt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of overvliegen
overvliege	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of overvliegen
overvloge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of overvliegen
overvlieg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of overvliegen
pijpensteel	n	de · mv. pijpenstelen	pipe handle, shank of a pipe
NSB'er	n	de · mv. NSB'ers	adherent of the NSB or Nationaal-Socialistische Beweging; quisling; traitor, backstabber
hüttenkäse	n	de	cottage cheese
huttenkaas	n	de	cottage cheese
snakken	v	snakte – gesnakt	to open the mouth greedily; to strongly desire, to crave
snacken	v	snackte – gesnackt	to snack
snoepen	v	snoepte – gesnoept	to eat sweets or other tasty foods; to snack, to eat between meals; to savor, enjoy (used with 'van' and an object)
lesbi	n	de · mv. lesbi's	lesbian
eregast	n	de · mv. eregasten	guest of honor
jonkheer	n	de · mv. jonkheren	(honorific for a male untitled member of the nobility)
beurskrach	n	de · mv. beurskrachs	stock market crash
gemeenteraadslid	n	het · mv. gemeenteraadsleden	municipal council member (member of a local-government council)
premierschap	n	het · mv. premierschappen	premiership
verpleging	n	de · mv. verplegingen	nursing (caretaking), medical treatment
verzorging	n	de · mv. verzorgingen	caretaking
metriek	a		metric
universitair	a		of, from or pertaining to university; academic
lieflijk	a		lovely; beautiful
wapenspreuk	n	de · mv. wapenspreuken	heraldic motto
Polynesisch	a		Polynesian
verrader	n	de · mv. verraders	traitor, betrayer
Polynesië	m		Polynesia (a continental region of Oceania, including Easter Island, Hawaii,…
Micronesië	m		Micronesia (a continental region in Oceania in the northwestern Pacific…; Micronesia (the Federated States of Micronesia (a country consisting of…
Melanesië	m		Melanesia (a continental region of Oceania, consisting of New Guinea, the…
daartevoren	d		theretofore; until that time; before that
erheen	d		thither, to there
gemaksvoedsel	n	het	fast food
palinka	n	de	apricot brandy, preferably from Transleithania
dyslectisch	a		dyslectic
langsat	n	de	langsat (fruit of the tree Lansium domesticum)
profetes	n	de · mv. profetessen	prophetess, female prophet
pok	n	de · mv. pokken	pock, pimple
galgenhumor	n	de	gallows humour (Commonwealth), gallows humor (US)
marechaussee	n	de	gendarmerie, military police of the Netherlands; member of the military police
wolkbreuk	n	de · mv. wolkbreuken	cloudburst
ontkenning	n	de · mv. ontkenningen	denial; negation
koter	n	de · mv. koters	kid, child
inzamelen	v	zamelde in – ingezameld	to gather together, to collect (from somewhere, e.g. charity); to reap
reddingsactie	n	de · mv. reddingsacties	rescue operation
reddingsoperatie	n	de · mv. reddingsoperaties	rescue operation
gaarde	n	de · mv. gaarden	garden, yard
motoriek	n	de	motor skill
gries	n	het	semolina
Oudnederfrankisch	m		Old Low Franconian
Nederfrankisch	a		Low Franconian, Low Frankish
Nederfrankisch	m		Low Franconian, Low Frankish
Frankisch	a		Frankish, Franconian (related to the Franks or the areas they inhabited)
Frankisch	m		the Franconian languages; the Old Frankish language
Oudfrankisch	a		Old Frankish, Old Franconian
Oudfrankisch	m		the Old Frankish language
Oudsaksisch	a		Old Saxon
Oudsaksisch	m		the Old Saxon language
Saksisch	a		Saxon
zaadleider	n	de · mv. zaadleiders	vas deferens
teelbal	n	de · mv. teelballen	testicle
zwaargewicht	n	de/het · mv. zwaargewichten	heavyweight (a thing or person that's heavy, in particular a martial artist…; heavyweight (someone or something notable or important)
gekkigheid	n	de	craziness, silliness, tomfoolery
lichtsnelheid	n	de	the speed of light
miljaar	i		damnit!
verzouten	v	verzoutte – verzouten	to become salty; to make salty, to fill or saturate with salt
opvolging	n	de · mv. opvolgingen	succession
troonopvolging	n	de · mv. troonopvolgingen	succession to the throne
troonopvolger	n	de · mv. troonopvolgers	heir apparent
Zuid-Soedan	m		South Sudan (a country in East Africa, formerly the southern part of Sudan)
Soedanees	n	de · mv. Soedanezen	a Sudanese person, an inhabitant of Sudan
Soedanees	a		Sudanese
Zuid-Soedanees	n	de · mv. Zuid-Soedanezen	a South Sudanese person, an inhabitant of South Sudan
Zuid-Soedanees	a		South Sudanese
onachtzaam	a		inattentive, negligent
achtzaam	a		attentive, careful
bijgelovig	a		superstitious
heide	n	de · mv. heides	heath, heathland; heather (plant of the family Ericaceae)
schanddaad	n	de · mv. schanddaden	shameful deed, act of depravity
nieuwkomer	n	de · mv. nieuwkomers	newcomer
computerprogramma	n	het · mv. computerprogramma's	computer program
jeweetwel	r		you-know-who; you-know-what
Kamp	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
coöperatief	a		cooperative
inbrengen	v	bracht in – ingebracht	to add, to contribute; to have a say
inbrachte	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inbrengen
inbrenge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inbrengen
inbracht	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inbrengen
inbrengt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inbrengen
zojuist	d		just now, just a moment ago
namaak	n	de	imitation, counterfeit, knockoff
namaak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of namaken
namaken	v	maakte na – nagemaakt	to create copies or additional specimens of (e.g. a spare); to create in imitation, to counterfeit
metabolisme	n	het	metabolism
Zwitserduits	m		Swiss German
Zwitser	n	de · mv. Zwitsers	a Swiss, a person from Switzerland
doodeng	a		extremely scary, terrifying
Botter	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Beilen	m		a village and former municipality of Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
sekservaring	n	de · mv. sekservaringen	sexual experience
fantaseren	v	fantaseerde – gefantaseerd	to fantasize
crediteur	n	de · mv. crediteuren	creditor
Ee	m		a village and former municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hee	m		a hamlet in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands
hormonaal	a		hormonal (all senses)
nazeggen	v	zei na – nagezegd	to repeat after, to say the same as
napraten	v	praatte na – nagepraat	to say the same as, to copy; to talk lightly in private after a social event
namake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of namaken
namaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of namaken
nazegge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of nazeggen
nazegt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nazeggen
nazeg	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nazeggen
nazeidt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of nazeggen
nazei	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of nazeggen
nazeide	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of nazeggen
napraat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
naprate	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of napraten
besabbelen	v	besabbelde – besabbeld	to suck on
sabbelen	v	sabbelde – gesabbeld	to suck, suckle
hersenspoelen	v	hersenspoelde – gehersenspoeld	to brainwash
hersenspoeling	n	de · mv. hersenspoelingen	brain-washing
Bergman	m		a surname
onverzettelijkheid	n	de · mv. onverzettelijkheden	tenacity, intransigence, obduracy
onverzettelijk	a		tenacious, intransigent, obdurate
neukfeest	n	het · mv. neukfeesten	fuckfest
dribbelen	v	dribbelde – gedribbeld	to jog with small steps; to dribble
tatoeage	n	de · mv. tatoeages	tattoo
karigheid	n	de	meagreness, scantiness
enk	n	de · mv. enken	a tract of open, often raised agricultural land near or surrounding a…
filteren	v	filterde – gefilterd	to filter
kwijlen	v	kwijlde – gekwijld	to drool
geien	v	geide – gegeid	to furl (a sail) per rope
vulgariteit	n	de · mv. vulgariteiten	vulgarity
maling	n	de · mv. malingen	the direction towards which, or space in which, something is milled or ground
amarant	n	de · mv. amaranten	amaranth, plant of genus Amaranthus
champignonsoep	n	de · mv. champignonsoepen	mushroom soup made of button mushrooms
goulashsoep	n	de · mv. goulashsoepen	goulash soup
kippensoep	n	de · mv. kippensoepen	chicken soup
ossenstaartsoep	n	de · mv. ossenstaartsoepen	oxtail soup
rundvleessoep	n	de · mv. rundvleessoepen	beef soup
tomatensoep	n	de · mv. tomatensoepen	tomato soup
uiensoep	n	de · mv. uiensoepen	onion soup
vissoep	n	de · mv. vissoepen	fish soup
motiveren	v	motiveerde – gemotiveerd	justify, give grounds for; motivate, spur on
nevelvlek	n	de · mv. nevelvlekken	nebula
opgraving	n	de · mv. opgravingen	excavation, dig; disinterment, exhumation
opgraven	v	groef op – opgegraven	to dig up, to excavate, to disinter
opgrave	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opgraven
opgroeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of opgraven
opgraaft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opgraven
opgroeve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of opgraven
opgroef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of opgraven
opgraaf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opgraven
discussiëren	v	discussieerde – gediscussieerd	to discuss
piesen	v	pieste – gepiest	to piss, to pee
kindsoldaat	n	de · mv. kindsoldaten	child soldier
Mees	m		a male given name
Pernis	m		a village and former municipality of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
stevel	n	de · mv. stevels	boot
hil	n	de · mv. hillen	hill, elevation
bloedgeil	a		horny as hell, pointedly sexually aroused
tajer	n	de · mv. tajers	new cocoyam, arrowleaf elephant ear, Xanthosoma sagittifolium; old cocoyam, taro, Colocasia esculenta
Passer	m		Circinus
excessief	a		excessive, extreme
buitensporig	a		extravagant, lavish, excessive
liquideren	v	liquideerde – geliquideerd	to liquidate, to settle (a debt); to root out, to clear out; to take out, to liquidate, to assassinate
afpersen	v	perste af – afgeperst	to extort
Wit-Rus	n	de · mv. Wit-Russen	a Belarusian
Wit-Russisch	a		Belarusian
Wit-Russisch	m		Belarusian, an East Slavic language
pastinaak	n	de · mv. pastinaken	parsnip (Pastinaca sativa)
kinderpornografie	n	de	child pornography
kinderporno	n	de	child pornography
nachtmerrieachtig	a		nightmarish, resembling a nightmare
geoorloofd	a		allowed, permitted
schoft	n	de · mv. schoften	withers; bastard, trash, a person with no moral
nuanceren	v	nuanceerde – genuanceerd	to nuance (to apply a nuance to)
gewennen	v	gewende – gewend	to (make) feel comfortable, to (make) get used to
bezwaarlijk	a		difficult, hard; objectionable, problematic
aftellen	v	telde af – afgeteld	to count down
miskenning	n	de · mv. miskenningen	misunderstanding; mistreatment
Tivoli	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
blauwogig	a		blue-eyed
verstrooid	a		absent-minded
begadkefat	n	de	begadkefat
Almen	m		a village in Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
pestkop	n	de · mv. pestkoppen	a bully, who maliciously, systematically bullies or pesters others
blunderen	v	blunderde – geblunderd	to blunder, to make a mistake
trens	n	de · mv. trenzen	ditch, trench, drainage or irrigation canal
Well	m		a village in Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands; a village in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Laocoön	m		Laocoön, the Trojan priest; Laocoön, the Argonaut
pangasius	n	de · mv. pangasiussen	pangasius (fish of genus Pangasius)
melatonine	n		melatonin
afperst	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afpersen
afpers	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afpersen
afperse	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afpersen
aftelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aftellen
aftel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aftellen
aftelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aftellen
sympathiek	a		sympathetic, nice, kind, friendly, likeable
stagnatie	n	de · mv. stagnaties	stagnation
vooruitzicht	n	het · mv. vooruitzichten	outlook, expectation, prospect
beschimmelen	v	beschimmelde – beschimmeld	to become mouldy
verrotten	v	verrotte – verrot	to rot, to decompose
entomoloog	n	de · mv. entomologen	entomologist
entomologisch	a		entomological
landbouwhuisdier	n	het · mv. landbouwhuisdieren	farm animal
stagiair	n	de · mv. stagiairs	trainee; intern
verkeersader	n	de · mv. verkeersaderen	a main road, a thoroughfare essential to transit
sijs	n	de · mv. sijzen	a siskin, any member of the genus Spinus, or a closely-related small…; the Eurasian siskin, Spinus spinus as a species or any member thereof
bosbewoner	n	de · mv. bosbewoners	forest dweller
boswerker	n	de · mv. boswerkers	lumberjack, woodcutter; forest worker
jugendstil	n	de	jugendstil, art nouveau; in particular the German, Austrian and Baltic…
drieken	v	driekte – gedriekt	to poop
kroelen	v	kroelde – gekroeld	to cuddle
huppen	v	hupte – gehupt	to hop
ligging	n	de · mv. liggingen	geographical position, stressing in particular the relation to the…; the position of an unborn mammal in the womb; the act or state of lying, reclination
nachthemd	n	het · mv. nachthemden	nightgown
spoelkeuken	n	de · mv. spoelkeukens	dishwashing kitchen
conservatisme	n	het	conservatism
oreade	n	de · mv. oreaden	oread
piopio	n	de · mv. piopio's	a piopio; any bird in the genus Turnagra
minister-president	n	de · mv. minister-presidenten	prime minister, minister-president
hardgekookt	a		hard-boiled (of a boiled egg)
cornflake	n	de · mv. cornflakes	cornflake (mostly used in plural)
optrommelen	v	trommelde op – opgetrommeld	to rally, to drum up
onderpand	n	het · mv. onderpanden	a pledge, a guarantee, a form of security
bloedvergieten	n	het	bloodshed (violent loss of life)
kindermeisje	n	het · mv. kindermeisjes	nanny
durfal	n	de · mv. durfallen	a daredevil
relschopper	n	de · mv. relschoppers	a rioter, a troublemaker
Mostar	m		Mostar (a city in Bosnia and Herzegovina)
lusteloos	a		listless
Zemfira	m		a transliteration of the Russian female given name Земфи́ра (Zemfíra)
gulzigheid	n	de · mv. gulzigheden	greed, gluttony
vraatzucht	n	de · mv. vraatzuchten	greediness, gluttony, voraciousness
vraatzuchtig	a		voracious, gluttonous
begerig	a		covetous, avaricious, desirous
begerigheid	n	de · mv. begerigheden	avariciousness, covetousness
gretigheid	n	de · mv. gretigheden	keenness (often overly so)
slokop	n	de · mv. slokoppen	a glutton, a pig
vraat	n	de · mv. vraten	feeding, (gluttonous) eating, particularly by animals; a glutton
gulzigaard	n	de · mv. gulzigaards	gormandizer, guzzler, glutton
bibliothecaris	n	de · mv. bibliothecarissen	librarian
overstand	n	de · mv. overstanden	an amount which is outstanding, a remaining debt
instructrice	n	de · mv. instructrices	instructor (female)
autoritarisme	n	het	authoritarianism
Bong	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
blessuretijd	n	de · mv. blessuretijden	injury time
optrommelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of optrommelen
optrommel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of optrommelen
optrommele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of optrommelen
windhandel	n	de	speculative trade
interviewster	n	de · mv. interviewsters	a female interviewer
herinterviewen	v	herinterviewde – geherinterviewd	to reinterview
geïnterviewde	n	de · mv. geïnterviewden	interviewee
wam	n	de · mv. wammen	a beef dewlap; a fish belly cut open
strafschoppenserie	n	de · mv. strafschoppenseries	penalty shootout
strafschopdoelpunt	n	het · mv. strafschopdoelpunten	penalty goal
strafschopgoal	n	de · mv. strafschopgoals	penalty goal
strafschoptreffer	n	de · mv. strafschoptreffers	penalty goal
Honger	n	de · mv. Hongeren	synonym of Hongaar (“Hungarian, Magyar”)
zindelijkheid	n	de	cleanliness, tidiness; housebrokenness; the state of being housebroken or toilet-trained
zindelijk	a		clean, tidy; housebroken, potty-trained
e-bike	n	de · mv. e-bikes	an e-bike
nanoseconde	n	de · mv. nanoseconden	nanosecond: 10⁻⁹ seconds
overloper	n	de · mv. overlopers	traitor, defector
ongerecht	a		unjust, unfair
decreet	n	het · mv. decreten	decree
rollator	n	de · mv. rollators	rollator
empirisme	n	het · mv. empirismen	empiricism
tekenreeks	n	de · mv. tekenreeksen	character string
meegaan	v	ging mee – meegegaan	to go along; to continue functioning after a lot of use
hoofdlettergevoelig	a		case sensitive
hoofdletterongevoelig	a		case insensitive
moederbord	n	het · mv. moederborden	motherboard
flashgeheugen	n	het · mv. flashgeheugens	flash memory
diskettestation	n	het · mv. diskettestations	floppy drive
muisaanwijzer	n	de · mv. muisaanwijzers	mouse cursor
menubalk	n	de · mv. menubalken	menu bar
scrollbalk	n	de · mv. scrollbalken	scroll bar
taakbalk	n	de · mv. taakbalken	taskbar
werkbalk	n	de · mv. werkbalken	toolbar
dubbelklikken	v	dubbelklikte – gedubbelklikt	to double-click
dubbelklik	n	de · mv. dubbelkliks	double-click
bureaublad	n	het · mv. bureaubladen	desktop (top surface of a desk); desktop
keuzerondje	n	het · mv. keuzerondjes	radio button
radioknop	n	de · mv. radioknoppen	radio button
opdrachtregel	n	de · mv. opdrachtregels	command line
gebruikersomgeving	n	de · mv. gebruikersomgevingen	user interface
besturing	n	de	driving, operation, steering
bestandssysteem	n	het · mv. bestandssystemen	file system
programmeren	v	programmeerde – geprogrammeerd	to program (schedule events); to program (write computer code)
overklokken	v	overklokte – overklokt	to overclock
opstarten	v	startte op – opgestart	to start up; to boot, to launch
meegingt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of meegaan
meegaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meegaan
meeginge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of meegaan
meeging	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of meegaan
opstarte	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opstarten
opstart	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
schermafdruk	n	de · mv. schermafdrukken	screenshot
schermafbeelding	n	de · mv. schermafbeeldingen	screenshot
insneeuwen	v	sneeuwde in – ingesneeuwd	to snow in
ingesneeuwd	a		snowed in
romeo	n	de · mv. romeo's	plainclothes or undercover police officer
Genk	m		Genk (a city and municipality of Belgium)
Jorik	m		a male given name
weermacht	n	de · mv. weermachten	armed forces
Silezisch	a		Silesian
omzetbelasting	n	de	VAT, value-added tax
Tin	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
bedoven	a		submerged, under water (sometimes also used of other fluids); immersed
bijproduct	n	het · mv. bijproducten	byproduct, by-product
puinzooi	n	de	a mess, a pile of rubbish, a disaster
waterzooi	n	de	waterzooi, a type of Flemish stew
vouwstoel	n	de · mv. vouwstoelen	folding chair
galopperen	v	galoppeerde – gegaloppeerd	to gallop
wattman	n	de · mv. wattmannen	tram driver
zoroastrisme	n	het	Zoroastrianism
kummel	n	de	caraway (Carum carvi); kummel (caraway-based spirits)
winterstorm	n	de · mv. winterstormen	winter storm
sneeuwstorm	n	de · mv. sneeuwstormen	snowstorm
post-it	n	de · mv. post-its	post-it, post-it note
benzeen	n	het	benzene
impulsvector	n	de · mv. impulsvectoren	momentum vector
inelastisch	a		inelastic
diamagnetisme	n	het	diamagnetism
paramagnetisme	n	het	paramagnetism
ferromagnetisme	n	het	ferromagnetism
antiferromagnetisme	n	het	antiferromagnetism
diamagnetisch	a		diamagnetic
paramagnetisch	a		paramagnetic
ferromagnetisch	a		ferromagnetic
antiferromagnetisch	a		antiferromagnetic
toevoeging	n	de · mv. toevoegingen	addition
verwerking	n	de · mv. verwerkingen	process
tarwebloem	n	de	wheat flour
bijenwas	n	de/het	beeswax
salmiakzout	n	het	ammonium chloride
dragqueen	n	de · mv. dragqueens	drag queen (male who dresses up in women's clothing)
tritiumkern	n	de · mv. tritiumkernen	triton, tritium nucleus
deuteriumkern	n	de · mv. deuteriumkernen	deuteron, deuterium nucleus
theatraal	a		theatrical, dramatic; melodramatic, exaggerated
twinkelen	v	twinkelde – getwinkeld	to twinkle
priapisme	n	het · mv. priapismen	priapism
kerncentrale	n	de · mv. kerncentrales	nuclear power plant
kernreactor	n	de · mv. kernreactoren	nuclear reactor
alarmcentrale	n	de · mv. alarmcentrales	emergency exchange
alarmnummer	n	het · mv. alarmnummers	emergency number
energiecentrale	n	de · mv. energiecentrales	power plant, power station
krachtcentrale	n	de · mv. krachtcentrales	power plant, power station
telefooncentrale	n	de · mv. telefooncentrales	telephone exchange
jaarbeurs	n	de · mv. jaarbeurzen	trade show, trade fair
blijde	n	de · mv. blijden	catapult (medieval siege weapon)
minderjarig	a		underage, minor, juvenile
eenoog	n	de · mv. eenogen	one-eye (a person with one eye)
functionaal	n	de · mv. functionalen	functional
arrestant	n	de · mv. arrestanten	an arrestee
insneeuw	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of insneeuwen
insneeuwe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of insneeuwen
insneeuwt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of insneeuwen
kwispelen	v	kwispelde – gekwispeld	to wag (one's tail)
meedingen	v	dong mee – meegedongen	to compete
bucht	n	de · mv. buchten	junk; disgusting drink, trash, rubbish; pests, weed
vervreemden	v	vervreemdde – vervreemd	to alienate
poldermodel	n	het · mv. poldermodellen	polder model; a form of economic decision making by consensus, including the…
mordicus	d		fiercely, persistently, intransigently
janker	n	de · mv. jankers	a cryer, one who weeps; a whiner, one who complains
femto-ohm	n	de/het · mv. femto-ohms	femto-ohm: 10⁻¹⁵ of an ohms
hecto-ohm	n	de/het · mv. hecto-ohms	hecto-ohm: 100 ohms
expres	d		on purpose, deliberately
expres	n	de · mv. expressen	express, express train
verkneukelen	v	verkneukelde – verkneukeld	to wring one's hands together with pleasure, to secretly enjoy oneself
scheut	n	de · mv. scheuten	shoot, sprout of a plant; a small amount of poured liquid; a short, sudden pain
attoseconde	n	de · mv. attoseconden	attosecond: 10⁻¹⁸ of a second
centiseconde	n	de · mv. centiseconden	centisecond (one hundredth of a second)
femtoampère	n	de · mv. femtoampères	femto-ampere: 10⁻¹⁵ of an ampere
femtoseconde	n	de · mv. femtoseconden	femtosecond: 10⁻¹⁵ seconds
giga-ampère	n	de · mv. giga-ampères	giga-ampere: 10⁹ amperes
gigaseconde	n	de · mv. gigaseconden	gigasecond: 10⁹ seconds
hectoampère	n	de · mv. hectoampères	hecto-ampere: 100 amperes
hectoseconde	n	de · mv. hectoseconden	hectosecond: 100 seconds
kiloseconde	n	de · mv. kiloseconden	kilosecond: 1000 seconds
microampère	n	de · mv. microampères	microampere: 10⁻⁶ of an ampere
microseconde	n	de · mv. microseconden	microsecond
milliampère	n	de · mv. milliampères	milli-ampere: one thousandth of an ampere
milliare	n	de · mv. milliares	milliare: one thousandth of an are
nanoampère	n	de · mv. nanoampères	nano-ampere: 10⁻⁹ of an ampere
picoampère	n	de · mv. picoampères	pico-ampere: 10⁻¹² amperes
picoseconde	n	de · mv. picoseconden	picosecond: 10⁻¹² seconds
yoctoseconde	n	de · mv. yoctoseconden	yoctosecond: 10⁻²⁴ of a second
zeptoseconde	n	de · mv. zeptoseconden	zeptosecond: 10⁻²¹ of a second
Brandt	m		a hamlet in Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
psilocybine	n	de	psilocybin
kluwen	n	de/het · mv. kluwens	a ball of thread or yarn, a clew
slaken	v	slaakte – geslaakt	to utter (a sound, word or cry), especially a sigh; to heave; to fetch
Nuenen	m		a village in Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten, North Brabant, Netherlands
waggie	n	de · mv. waggies	car, automobile
knor	n	de · mv. knorren	a grunt by a pig; a grumble by a stomach; a university student who doesn't belong to a student society (rarely used…
eindexamen	n	het · mv. eindexamens	final exam
Ests	m		Estonian (language)
averechts	a		opposite, backwards, contrary
betweter	n	de · mv. betweters	know-it-all
gever	n	de · mv. gevers	giver, someone who gives
wers	d		worse
wereldomroep	n	de · mv. wereldomroepen	international or worldwide broadcasting service
griezel	n	de · mv. griezels	a scary or creepy person or creature; something small; a grain or crumb of something
's-Hertogenbosch	m		's-Hertogenbosch (a city, municipality, and capital of North Brabant,…
epizoön	n	het · mv. epizoën	epizoon
volger	n	de · mv. volgers	follower
wikke	n	de · mv. wikkes	vetch, leguminous plant of the genus Vicia
inspecteur	n	de · mv. inspecteurs	inspector
latei	n	de · mv. lateien	lintel
populisme	n	het · mv. populismes	populism, any dualistic ideology that contrasts a homogeneous people with an…; a French literary movement focusing on the common people; populism, the American left-leaning ideology that supported trade unionism…
Eersel	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
faunist	n	de · mv. faunisten	faunist, zoologist (especially of a particular era or region)
infiltrant	n	de · mv. infiltranten	infiltrator, infiltrant
kwispel	n	de · mv. kwispels	a bundle, especially of hair, often used as a crude brush; a tassel; a wag, the act of wagging
meedonge	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of meedingen
meeding	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meedingen
meedinge	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of meedingen
meedong	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of meedingen
meedongt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of meedingen
meedingt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of meedingen
bucentaur	n	de · mv. bucentauren	a bucentaur (Venetian galley); a bucentaur (human-bovine hybrid)
onding	n	het · mv. ondingen	stupid, detestable thing
gazet	n	de · mv. gazetten	newspaper
kamichi	n	de · mv. kamichi's	synonym of anioema
knab	n	mv. knabben	lump, thick piece (e.g. of wood or bread)
myriare	n	de · mv. myriares	a myriare (10,000 ares)
luller	n	de · mv. lullers	blatherer, bullshitter, someone who continuously gives unwanted or…
weka	n	de · mv. wekas	woodhen, weka, Gallirallus australis
kortbij	p		near, in the neighbourhood of
hesp	n	de · mv. hespen	ham (type of pork, meat from the thigh of a hog)
beeldscherpte	n	de · mv. beeldscherptes	resolution (of an image)
leepheid	n	de · mv. leepheden	cunning, smartness
lysosoom	n	het · mv. lysosomen	lysosome
stotteren	v	stotterde – gestotterd	to stutter, to stammer
dombo	n	de · mv. dombo's	synonym of domkop (“stupid person”)
trafo	n	de · mv. trafo's	syllabic abbreviation of transformator
onterecht	a		unreasonable, unjust, unfair; incorrect, wrong
tegenligger	n	de · mv. tegenliggers	oncoming traffic, oncoming traffic user; oncoming vessel
muilkorf	n	de · mv. muilkorven	muzzle (to prevent an animal from biting)
muilkorven	v	muilkorfde – gemuilkorfd	to muzzle; to silence (an opinion)
dj	n	de · mv. dj's	DJ, disc jockey
vuurpijl	n	de · mv. vuurpijlen	a flare; a rocket
spoedgeval	n	het · mv. spoedgevallen	an emergency
onverzadigbaar	a		unquenchable, unsatisfiable
jup	d		yup, yes
windas	n	de · mv. windassen	windlass
warmwaterkruik	n	de · mv. warmwaterkruiken	hot water bottle
pij	n	de · mv. pijen	cowl
naaldhak	n	de · mv. naaldhakken	stiletto heel
adventskalender	n	de · mv. adventskalenders	Advent calendar
kerstverlichting	n	de	Christmas lights
kerstcadeau	n	het · mv. kerstcadeaus	Christmas present
pepernoot	n	de · mv. pepernoten	pepernoot
kruidnoot	n	de · mv. kruidnoten	kruidnoot
chocoladeletter	n	de · mv. chocoladeletters	a letter of the alphabet, made of chocolate. Commonly eaten during…; bold upper-case letters in sensationalistic headlines, associated with…
hulpsinterklaas	n	de · mv. hulpsinterklazen	a helper Sinterklaas, named to explain the fact that Sinterklaas can be at…
sinterklaaslied	n	het · mv. sinterklaasliederen	Sinterklaas song
speculaas	n	de/het · mv. speculazen	speculoos (type of spiced biscuit)
Fortuna	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
taaitaai	n	de · mv. taaitaaien	taaitaai, a kind of chewy dough cookie eaten during Sinterklaas celebrations
taai	a		tough, resilient; difficult to chew
strooigoed	n	het	a mixture of confectionery that is often strewn around rooms during…
Bellona	m		Bellona (Roman goddess of war)
goedheiligman	n	de · mv. goedheiligmannen	Sinterklaas, Saint Nicholas
pakjesavond	n	de · mv. pakjesavonden	the evening before 5 December, when Sinterklaas brings presents to children…
sma	n	de · mv. sma's	woman, girl; darling, babe
kof	n	de · mv. koffen	koff
vergieten	v	vergoot – vergoten	to spill, to shed; to drain, to pour over
vergiet	n	het · mv. vergieten	colander
verkloten	v	verklootte – verkloot	to fuck up
aderlating	n	de · mv. aderlatingen	bloodletting
stimulans	n	de · mv. stimulansen	stimulus, incentive
volmaken	v	maakte vol – volgemaakt	to fill, to make full; to complete; to perfect
Willems	m		a surname, Willems, originating as a patronymic, equivalent to English Williams
zomeren	v	zomerde – gezomerd	to be or become summery
volmaakt	a		perfect
volmaakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of volmaken…
haarzelf	r		herself
julliezelf	r		yourselves
onszelf	r		ourselves
wijzelf	r		we ourselves
landloper	n	de · mv. landlopers	a vagabond, a vagrant
koningdom	n	het · mv. koningdommen	kingship; kingdom
examinandus	n	de · mv. examinandi	one who takes an exam
examinanda	n	de · mv. examinandae	a woman or girl who takes an exam
kankeren	v	kankerde – gekankerd	to grouse, to complain
voorsorteren	v	sorteerde voor – voorgesorteerd	to presort (mail); to get into the proper filter lane at an intersection
voorsorteervak	n	het · mv. voorsorteervakken	filter lane
juf	n	de · mv. juffen	female teacher, school mistress (female teacher at a primary school, nursery…
technocratie	n	de · mv. technocratieën	technocracy
stroomstoring	n	de · mv. stroomstoringen	power cut, blackout
stroomuitval	n	de · mv. stroomuitvallen	power cut, blackout
benamen	v	benaamde – benaamd	to name, to bestow a name on
geruststelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
geruststel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of geruststellen
geruststelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of geruststellen
heug	n	de	desire, appetite
hoede	n	de · mv. hoedes	heed, guard, alertness; protection, care, auspices; remit, scope of control
inzamel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inzamelen
inzamelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inzamelen
inzamele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inzamelen
kaarde	n	de · mv. kaarden	synonym of kaardenbol (“teasel, plant of genus Dipsacus”); synonym of wolkam (“instrument for combing natural fibers”)
kwijl	n	de/het	drool, saliva
sjans	n	de	being lucky romantically or sexually
wegviel	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of wegvallen
wegvielt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of wegvallen
wegviele	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of wegvallen
voorsorteer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorsorteren
voorsortere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voorsorteren
voorsorteert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorsorteren
aangeschoten	a		tipsy, squiffy
overdenken	v	overdacht – overdacht	to ruminate, to cogitate, to reflect upon
bepeinzen	v	bepeinsde – bepeinsd	to contemplate, to ruminate over, to mediate on
conformisme	n	het	conformism
synode	n	de · mv. synoden	synod
strijdwagen	n	de · mv. strijdwagens	chariot
wegwerkzaamheid	n	de · mv. wegwerkzaamheden	roadwork
medeklinkergradatie	n	de	consonant gradation
saffiaantje	n	het · mv. saffiaantjes	cigarette
Hendrick	m		a male given name
scootmobiel	n	de · mv. scootmobielen	mobility scooter
sneeuwscooter	n	de · mv. sneeuwscooters	snowmobile
jobstijding	n	de · mv. jobstijdingen	Job's news, bad news
aanroeren	v	roerde aan – aangeroerd	to touch, to stir; to touch on, to be relevant to, to concern
ontbeerlijk	a		dispensable, expendable; lacking
improvisator	n	de · mv. improvisatoren	improviser
begrotingstekort	n	het · mv. begrotingstekorten	budget deficit
echapperen	v	echappeerde – geëchappeerd	to escape, to flee
cederen	a		cedar
cederen	v	cedeerde – gecedeerd	to cede, to hand over
bescheidenheid	n	de · mv. bescheidenheden	modesty, humility; something modest, such as a small gift
asociaal	a		antisocial, selfish, showing disregard for others
bondig	a		succinct, concise, terse; solid, strong or dense
sliert	n	de · mv. slierten	wisp, ribbon, string, tendril, strand (long, narrow, flaccid object); line (e.g. of people), row, chain
flitsen	v	flitste – geflitst	to flash, to suddenly brightly illuminate; to photograph with a speed camera
bijwerking	n	de · mv. bijwerkingen	side effect, adverse effect; update, the act of keeping something up to date
christenheid	n	de	Christendom
golffunctie	n	de · mv. golffuncties	wavefunction
krankjorum	a		(very) insane, batshit crazy, bonkers
ontaarden	v	ontaardde – ontaard	to degenerate; to corrupt
ontaarding	n	de · mv. ontaardingen	degeneracy, deterioration; degeneracy
ontaard	a		degenerate
miezeren	v	miezerde – gemiezerd	to drizzle, rain lightly
motregenen	v	motregende – gemotregend	to drizzle, rain lightly
miezerregen	n	de · mv. miezerregens	drizzle, light rain
vedel	n	de · mv. vedels	a vielle, a precursor to the violin
geschift	a		crazy
schiften	v	schiftte – geschift	to separate, to divide itself into separate layers or substances
guppie	n	de/het · mv. guppies	guppy; Sometimes reanalysed as a diminutive of gup
goniometrisch	a		trigonometric
sukkel	n	de · mv. sukkels	dummy, idiot, twerp, dork
flitsend	a		flashy
lemen	a		adobe
klewang	n	de · mv. klewangs	klewang (short, machete-like Indonesian cutlass)
aïs	n	de · mv. aïssen	A-sharp
courtisane	n	de · mv. courtisanes	a courtesan, a high-status prostitute or mistress
bink	n	de · mv. binken	a muscular, stout, or tough man
stulp	n	de · mv. stulpen	hut, shelter
zenne	d		modal particle indicating reassurance or confidence from the speaker:…; modal particle indicating disagreement or a certain nuance with an earlier…
goom	n	de	attention
Barten	m		a surname
bekleding	n	de · mv. bekledingen	upholstering (padding, covers, etc. found on furniture)
klittenband	n	de/het · mv. klittenbanden	Velcro
blesbok	n	de · mv. blesbokken	blesbuck, Damaliscus pygargus phillipsi
zetfout	n	de · mv. zetfouten	typesetting error
reglement	n	het · mv. reglementen	rules, regulations
gruit	n	de	gruit, a herb mixture used for flavouring and bittering beer widely used in…
winkelpui	n	de · mv. winkelpuien	facade (of a store)
glimp	n	de · mv. glimpen	glimpse; deceptive appearance
taakstraf	n	de · mv. taakstraffen	community service as a penal measure
klote	i		balls, dammit, fuck
klote	a		bad, stupid
dju	i		expression of disappointment or upsetness
droomprins	n	de · mv. droomprinsen	Prince Charming, prince of one's dreams (often used figuratively for…
halsstarrig	a		stubborn, obstinate, stiff-necked
halsstarrigheid	n	de	stubbornness, obstinacy
onhandelbaar	a		intractable, uncontrollable
aaneenschakelen	v	schakelde aaneen – aaneengeschakeld	to link together, to chain together; to concatenate
murw	a		weak, soft, mellow
vermurwen	v	vermurwde – vermurwd	to mollify, soften, weaken
Leek	m		a village and former municipality of Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
houdbaarheidsdatum	n	de · mv. houdbaarheidsdata	expiration date
inproduct	n	het · mv. inproducten	dot product, scalar product, inner product
uitproduct	n	het · mv. uitproducten	cross product, vector product; external product, wedge product
kruisproduct	n	het · mv. kruisproducten	cross product, vector product
hondefluit	n	de · mv. hondefluiten	dog whistle (whistle used to train dogs)
abrahamitisch	a		Abrahamic; relating to Abraham
Bosjesman	n	de · mv. Bosjesmannen	a Bushman
integratie-interval	n	het · mv. integratie-intervallen	integration interval
termsgewijs	d		termwise
termsgewijs	a		termwise
Fourierreeks	n	de · mv. Fourierreeksen	Fourier series
Fourier-reeks	n	de · mv. Fourier-reeksen	Fourier series
Fourier-sinusreeks	n	de · mv. Fourier-sinusreeksen	Fourier sine series
Fourier-cosinusreeks	n	de · mv. Fourier-cosinusreeksen	Fourier cosine series
popeye	n	de · mv. popeyes	a short, strong man
strafexpeditie	n	de · mv. strafexpedities	punitive expedition, punitive campaign
leuter	n	de · mv. leuters	cock, prick (slang for penis)
geleuter	n	het	(nonsensical) chatter
coördinaten	n		personal data
bolcoördinaten	n		spherical coordinates
cilindercoördinaten	n		cylindrical coordinates
Luwisch	m		Luwian (Anatolian language)
Luwisch	a		Luwian
propyn	n	het	propyne
propadieen	n	het	propadiene
propaan	n	het	propane
neonazi	n	de · mv. neonazi's	neo-Nazi
hondenweer	n	het	particularly bad or rough weather, the kind of weather when it is raining…
mispel	n	de · mv. mispels	medlar; any tree of the genus Mespilus, now Crataegus sect. Mespilus; medlar (fruit)
contraremonstrant	n	de · mv. contraremonstranten	a Contraremonstrant, a Gomarist; an opponent of the Remonstrants around the…
contraremonstrants	a		Contraremonstrant, Gomarist
harmonische	n	de · mv. harmonischen	harmonic
zevenenzeventig	u		seventy-seven
achtenzeventig	u		seventy-eight
tinnen	a		tin, tinnen
turven	v	turfde – geturfd	to tally, to count with tally marks
stroomdraad	n	de · mv. stroomdraden	electrical wire, live wire
symmetrie	n	de · mv. symmetrieën	symmetry
totaaltje	n	het · mv. totaaltjes	an arrangement of light spots which serves a general purpose on the stage
sof	n	de · mv. sofs	bummer, disappointment; a nobody, a failure of a person
nietes	i		used to contradict a positive assertion
autosegment	a		autosegment
Koptisch	m		Coptic (Egyptian language, of a stage later than Demotic)
Koptisch	a		Coptic
Edomitisch	a		Edomitic, Edomite
Gotisch	m		the Gothic language
Gotisch	a		Gothic, pertaining to Goths and the Gothic language
lieverd	n	de · mv. lieverds	a person who is kind or sweet; a sweetheart; dear, darling, honey
drieling	n	de · mv. drielingen	triplets; a group of three siblings born at the same time to the same mother
soigneur	n	de · mv. soigneurs	a non-competing member of a sports team whose role is to provide support…
parnassia	n	de · mv. parnassia's	marsh grass of Parnassus (Parnassia palustris); parnassia, grass of Parnassus (plant of the genus Parnassia)
christologisch	a		Christological
slechtstschrijvend	a		worst-writing describing the worst of several writers
alarmisme	n	het	alarmism
amateurisme	n	het	amateurism; amateurishness, incompetence, dilettantism
applaudissement	n	het · mv. applaudissementen	applause
Nostratisch	a		Nostratic
voortplanten	v	plantte voort – voortgeplant	to procreate, to reproduce; to propagate
voortplanting	n	de · mv. voortplantingen	procreation, reproduction
Ossetisch	m		Ossetian; language spoken in Ossetia
Sardisch	a		Sardinian
Sardisch	m		Sardinian (language)
Vedisch	a		Vedic, pertaining to the Vedas
Vedisch	m		Vedic, Vedic Sanskrit
Venetisch	m		Venetic, an extinct Indo-European language spoken in Veneto
Venetisch	a		Venetic
binocle	n	de · mv. binocles	opera glass; field glass (binoculars)
biplan	n	de · mv. biplans	biplane
winstoogmerk	n	het · mv. winstoogmerken	profit motive
predicatenlogica	n	de	predicate logic
oogmerk	n	het · mv. oogmerken	aim, goal, focus
ambiguïteit	n	de · mv. ambiguïteiten	ambiguity
soortnaam	n	de · mv. soortnamen	common noun
coördinatenstelsel	n	het · mv. coördinatenstelsels	coordinate system
venndiagram	n	het · mv. venndiagrammen	Venn diagram
brouillage	n	de · mv. brouillages	relational conflict
Murks	m		a lect distinguished by unusual intonation and pronunciation and deliberate…
centralisme	n	het	centralism
chapelure	n	de · mv. chapelures	dried breadcrumbs used as an ingredient or as a coating before deep-frying
chauffeuse	n	de · mv. chauffeuses	female driver (woman who drives a motorized vehicle, such as a car or a bus;…
Mandela	m		a surname, Mandela
communie	n	de · mv. communies	communion
overeenstemming	n	de · mv. overeenstemmingen	agreement (state whereby several parties share a view or opinion)
kernwapen	n	het · mv. kernwapens	nuclear weapon
eruitzien	v	zag eruit – eruitgezien	to look, to have a certain appearance; to look like
narcose	n	de · mv. narcoses	narcosis
soes	n	de · mv. soezen	choux pastry
ijzerwinkel	n	de · mv. ijzerwinkels	hardware store
ijzerwarenwinkel	n	de · mv. ijzerwarenwinkels	hardware store
duts	n	de · mv. dutsen	a fool, tosser, dumbass
discontinu	a		discontinuous
gewag	n	het · mv. gewagen	notification, notice
gewagen	v	gewaagde – gewaagd	to report, to notify
ijsdag	n	de · mv. ijsdagen	a day on which it freezes all day (specifically, on which the highest…
stroet	n	de · mv. stroeten	marshland
langskomen	v	kwam langs – langsgekomen	to pass by, to come past; to drop in, come by, visit
timmer	n	de/het · mv. timmers	building, construction; construction work; room, chamber
kwijtraken	v	raakte kwijt – kwijtgeraakt	to lose, to cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability
reebok	n	de · mv. reebokken	roebuck
vof	n	het	a specific type of company in Belgium and the Netherlands, a general partnership
uitwisselingsstudent	n	de · mv. uitwisselingsstudenten	exchange student
uitwisseling	n	de · mv. uitwisselingen	exchange
Palembang	m		Palembang (a city, the provincial capital of South Sumatra, Indonesia)
vectorfunctie	n	de · mv. vectorfuncties	vector function
paplepel	n	de · mv. paplepels	porridge spoon
Wiebrand	m		a male given name
Wieb	m		a diminutive of the male given name Wiebrand
essayeur	n	de · mv. essayeurs	assayer
estafette	n	de · mv. estafettes	relay race
exotisme	n	het	a preference for the exotic, esp. when at the expense of the familiar and…
draaimolen	n	de · mv. draaimolens	carrousel, merry-go-round
forfanterie	n	de	bragging, boastfulness, grandiloquence, boasting
elco	n	de · mv. elco's	electrolytic capacitor
studentenhaver	n	de	trail mix
elitehaver	n	de	trail mix; something that is reserved for the intellectual elite
futurisme	n	het	futurism (Italian and Russian iconoclastic, future-oriented avant-garde art…
konterfeitsel	n	het · mv. konterfeitsels	portrait, image; face
schamen	v	schaamde – geschaamd	to be ashamed
gedoogsteun	n	de	support for the governing coalition from an opposition party (which is not…
minderheidskabinet	n	het · mv. minderheidskabinetten	minority cabinet
minderheidsregering	n	het · mv. minderheidsregeringen	minority government
demissionair	a		demissionary
flut	n	de · mv. flutten	worthless stuff, rubbish, tosh
generiek	a		generic
idiotisme	n	het	idiocy, stupidity, moronicness; linguistic idiosyncrasy or regional peculiarity; an overly literal translation of an idiom
idylle	n	de · mv. idyllen	idyll
tweevoud	n	het · mv. tweevouden	double, twofold; dual (number)
ondergrondse	n	de · mv. ondergrondsen	underground, subway, metro; underground (resistance movement)
sadistisch	a		sadistic
polemarch	n	de · mv. polemarchen	a polemarch, one of various high officers in Ancient Athens and other Greek…
choppe	n	de · mv. choppes	chuppah, wedding canopy; chuppah, wedding ceremony
Nijl	m		Nile (a large river in Africa, usually considered to be the longest river in…
chinoline	n	de	quinoline
eendenkooi	n	de · mv. eendenkooien	duck decoy (structure)
inquisiteur	n	de · mv. inquisiteurs	inquisitor
jeannette	n	de · mv. jeannetten	A gay or effeminate man; a faggot
machinerie	n	de · mv. machinerieën	machinery
kadaver	n	het · mv. kadavers	animal corpse; corpse, cadaver
propylon	n	het · mv. propyla	propylon, monumental gate with pillars leading to the courtyard of a Greek…
minimalisme	n	het	minimalism
monarchisme	n	het	monarchism
monoplan	n	de · mv. monoplans	monoplane
disselboom	n	de · mv. disselbomen	the drawbar of a wagon, car or coach
afschermen	v	schermde af – afgeschermd	to protectively separate or cover
afscherming	n	de · mv. afschermingen	protective separation, cover or screen
naturisme	n	het	naturism
teug	n	de · mv. teugen	pull, draw; sip, gulp (of liquid)
classicisme	n	het	classicism (art style modelled on art forms from classical Antiquity)
passement	n	het · mv. passementen	passement, various decorative textiles used on clothing and furniture
neuropsychologie	n	de	neuropsychology
heidens	a		pagan (pertaining to paganism); gentile (pertaining to non-Jews); uncivilised, heathen
uitpuilen	v	puilde uit – uitgepuild	to bulge, protrude, pooch out
tatta	n	de · mv. tatta's	an autochthonous Dutch person
palissade	n	de · mv. palissaden	palisade, fence made of wooden stakes
parasitisme	n	het	parasitism
chocolademelk	n	de	chocolate milk (milk flavored with chocolate and served cold or hot)
leefgemeenschap	n	de · mv. leefgemeenschappen	community
pluralisme	n	het	pluralism
postmodernisme	n	het · mv. postmodernismen	postmodernism
profiteur	n	de · mv. profiteurs	profiteer
gewichtsverlies	n	het · mv. gewichtsverliezen	weight loss
zonnescherm	n	het · mv. zonneschermen	an awning; any screen that blocks sunlight
zonwering	n	de · mv. zonweringen	one of any number of constructions designed to keep out sunlight
rolgordijn	n	het · mv. rolgordijnen	roller blind
rolluik	n	het · mv. rolluiken	roller shutter
windscherm	n	het · mv. windschermen	a windbreak (screen to protect against the wind); the windscreen of an aircraft
luxaflex	n	de	Venetian blind
douchegordijn	n	het · mv. douchegordijnen	shower curtain
flerovium	n	het	flerovium
lazarus	a		very drunk, wasted
livermorium	n	het	livermorium
keukenrol	n	de · mv. keukenrollen	kitchen paper
metempsychose	n	de · mv. metempsychosen	metempsychosis, reincarnation
contratenor	n	de · mv. contratenoren	countertenor
oplader	n	de · mv. opladers	charger, a device that charges or recharges
Anatolië	m		Anatolia
bijenkorfje	n	het · mv. bijenkorfjes	synonym of gewone brunel (“common selfheal, Prunella vulgaris”)
aaneenschakel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aaneenschakelen
aaneenschakele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aaneenschakelen
aaneenschakelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
aanroer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanroeren
aanroert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanroeren
aanroere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanroeren
miezer	n	de · mv. miezers	drizzle
afstiete	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afstoten
afstiet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afstoten
langskom	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of langskomen
langskomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of langskomen
langskwame	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of langskomen
langskwaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of langskomen
langskome	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of langskomen
langskwam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of langskomen
afschermt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afschermen
afscherm	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afschermen
afscherme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afschermen
dansbaar	a		danceable
Umbrië	m		Umbria (an administrative region in central Italy)
titreren	v	titreerde – getitreerd	to titrate
titratie	n	de · mv. titraties	titration
verbrandingsmotor	n	de · mv. verbrandingsmotoren	combustion engine
interpretabel	a		interpretable
kelderdeur	n	de · mv. kelderdeuren	cellar door
fascistisch	a		fascist
zendtijd	n	de · mv. zendtijden	airtime, broadcasting time, transmission time
aanbetaling	n	de · mv. aanbetalingen	down payment
hekeldichter	n	de · mv. hekeldichters	satirist
hekeldichteres	n	de · mv. hekeldichteressen	satirist (female)
conflictueus	a		conflictional, involving, characterised by or causing conflict
gelijkrichter	n	de · mv. gelijkrichters	rectifier
gelijkrichten	v	richtte gelijk – gelijkgericht	to rectify
identificatie	n	de · mv. identificaties	identification
gespen	v	gespte – gegespt	to buckle
boerin	n	de · mv. boerinnen	female farmer; farmer's wife
belastingontwijking	n	de · mv. belastingontwijkingen	tax avoidance
filmmaakster	n	de · mv. filmmaaksters	female filmmaker
metselaarster	n	de · mv. metselaarsters	female bricklayer
verraderlijk	a		treacherous
buschauffeuse	n	de · mv. buschauffeuses	female bus driver
orthodontie	n	de	orthodontics, orthodontia
curryketchup	n	de · mv. curryketchups	curry ketchup
curryworst	n	de · mv. curryworsten	currywurst
zwartrijder	n	de · mv. zwartrijders	fare dodger; road tax dodger
06-nummer	n	het · mv. 06-nummers	mobile phone number
maiskolf	n	de · mv. maiskolven	corncob (ear of a maize/corn)
gekte	n	de · mv. gekten	craziness, insanity; -mania
handelsmerk	n	het · mv. handelsmerken	trade mark
inboedelverzekering	n	de · mv. inboedelverzekeringen	contents insurance
locatief	n	de · mv. locatieven	locative case
instrumentalis	n	de · mv. instrumentalissen	instrumental case
angsthaas	n	de · mv. angsthazen	a person who is easily scared, scaredy-cat
flappentap	n	de · mv. flappentappen	automated teller machine
aftappen	v	tapte af – afgetapt	to tap off, to siphon off, to drain; to wiretap (intercept or listen in on a communication)
aanlopen	v	liep aan – aangelopen	to encounter, meet; to hasten, walk with speed; to walk toward
goeden	v	goedde – gegoed	to supply with material goods, to make prosperous
gegoed	a		well-to-do
avonduur	n	het · mv. avonduren	evening hour, eventide
altvioliste	n	de · mv. altviolistes	female violist
avonturierster	n	de · mv. avonturiersters	female adventurer
avitaminose	n	de · mv. avitaminoses	avitaminosis, a condition caused by vitamin deficit
bestrijdster	n	de · mv. bestrijdsters	female opposer, woman who fights something
belijdster	n	de · mv. belijdsters	female confessor
bobbe	n	de · mv. bobbes	bubbe
enzymologie	n	de	enzymology
apenstaart	n	de · mv. apenstaarten	the tail of a monkey; at sign, the symbol @; e-mail address
talud	n	het · mv. taluds	slope (of a structure, wall or terrain)
beveiligster	n	de · mv. beveiligsters	female guard
bevelhebster	n	de · mv. bevelhebsters	female commander
bakster	n	de · mv. baksters	female baker
bakkerin	n	de · mv. bakkerinnen	female baker
omroepster	n	de · mv. omroepsters	female announcer
oncologe	n	de · mv. oncologen	female oncologist
grif	a		prompt, without hesitation, ready; eager
reuzenrad	n	het · mv. reuzenraderen	Ferris wheel
sojasaus	n	de · mv. sojasauzen	soy sauce
kipsaté	n	de · mv. kipsatés	chicken satay
varkenssaté	n	de · mv. varkenssatés	pork satay
satésaus	n	de · mv. satésauzen	satay sauce, peanut sauce
pindasaus	n	de · mv. pindasauzen	peanut sauce
opperhoofd	n	het · mv. opperhoofden	a tribal chief, a chieftain, a paramount chief; a pope
verloskunde	n	de	midwifery
vrouwenkiesrecht	n	het	women’s suffrage
aanbouwen	v	bouwde aan – aangebouwd	to build next to an existing building; to expand an existing building
fietsster	n	de · mv. fietssters	female cyclist
smurrie	n	de	sludge, gunk, mud
besmeuren	v	besmeurde – besmeurd	to besmear, to stain, to soil, to dirty
besmeren	v	besmeerde – besmeerd	to grease, to dirty, to apply grease or dirt to
zwartrijden	v	reed zwart – zwartgereden	to dodge fare, to use public transportation (bus, tram, train) without paying
ijkboson	n	het · mv. ijkbosonen	gauge boson
webpagina	n	de · mv. webpagina's	web page
zoekmachineoptimalisatie	n	de · mv. zoekmachineoptimalisaties	search engine optimization, SEO
Best	m		a town and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Manen	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
zelfmoordbrief	n	de · mv. zelfmoordbrieven	suicide note
koopwaar	n	de · mv. koopwaren	merchandise
welgang	n	de · mv. welgangen	success
gewetensbeet	n	de · mv. gewetensbeten	compunction
wroeging	n	de · mv. wroegingen	repentance, remorse
middenstijl	n	de · mv. middenstijlen	mullion
Schleck	m		a surname
veldslang	n	de · mv. veldslangen	culverin
ontraden	v	ontraadde – ontraden	to advise or counsel against
verwegen	v	verwoog – verwogen	to weigh too much; to despise, reject; to weigh more than
tureluur	n	de · mv. tureluurs	common redshank (Tringa totanus)
tureluurs	a		crazy, nuts
atomisme	n	het	atomism
ruilverkaveling	n	de · mv. ruilverkavelingen	land consolidation; the reallocation of fragmented land parcels
moude	n	de	mold, loose earth
koningswater	n	het	aqua regia
inpeperen	v	peperde in – ingepeperd	to pepper, to cover with pepper; to rub in, to make (a point) annoyingly obvious; to get back at
kozijn	n	het · mv. kozijnen	window frame or door frame; a male cousin; a nephew
typologie	n	de · mv. typologieën	typology (discipline or result of classification)
excuseren	v	excuseerde – geëxcuseerd	to excuse, to pardon, to forgive
verontschuldiging	n	de · mv. verontschuldigingen	apology
röntgenfotografie	n	de	radiography, X-ray photography
röntgenstraling	n	de · mv. röntgenstralingen	X-ray radiation
ondode	n	de · mv. ondoden	undead
trouwambtenaar	n	de · mv. trouwambtenaren	registrar, civil marriage officiant, marriage commissioner (a municipal…
weigerambtenaar	n	de · mv. weigerambtenaren	civil officiant (a civil servant) who refuses to marry same-sex couples
rijgedrag	n	het	driving behaviour (behaviour while driving a vehicle)
weggebruiker	n	de · mv. weggebruikers	road user (someone who makes use of a public road at any given time)
wegmisbruiker	n	de · mv. wegmisbruikers	road abuser, someone who shows bad behaviour on public roads
drugsgebruiker	n	de · mv. drugsgebruikers	drug user
blikschade	n	de	minor damage to a vehicle (for example in an accident), limited to scratches…
steradiaal	n	de · mv. steradialen	steradian
radiaal	a		radial
radiaal	n	de · mv. radialen	radian
verkeerswisselaar	n	de · mv. verkeerswisselaars	interchange (grade-separated infrastructure junction)
rimboe	n	de · mv. rimboes	jungle, wilderness
wildernis	n	de · mv. wildernissen	wilderness
hoeveelste	a		which/how many in order, how manyth
beterschap	n	de	betterness, the state of being or becoming better or well
beterschap	i		get well; used to wish someone well when they are sick
Kennemerland	m		Kennemerland
fiksen	v	fikste – gefikst	to fix, to arrange, to get done
autobaan	n	de · mv. autobanen	motorway; lane (of a road) for motorised vehicles
klif	n	het · mv. kliffen	cliff
levensecht	a		very realistic, lifelike (so real as to make one believe it is alive)
naasten	v	naastte – genaast	to take as one's property
ontsteltenis	n	de	confusion, shock, consternation; horror, terror
ophemelen	v	hemelde op – opgehemeld	to extol, to laud, to praise into the heavens
politieauto	n	de · mv. politieauto's	police car
politiewagen	n	de · mv. politiewagens	police car
privéles	n	de · mv. privélessen	private lesson; private tutoring
scharrelen	v	scharrelde – gescharreld	to walk around scratching the soil to forage for food; to move around clumsily, especially on ice skates; to perform various small activities around the place
scharrelei	n	het · mv. scharreleieren	free-range egg
scharrelkip	n	de · mv. scharrelkippen	free-range chicken
schoorsteenveger	n	de · mv. schoorsteenvegers	chimney sweep
veger	n	de · mv. vegers	sweeper, one who sweeps; broom, duster
slaapmuts	n	de · mv. slaapmutsen	nightcap (headwear); nightcap (beverage)
verontwaardigen	v	verontwaardigde – verontwaardigd	to make indignant, to indignify
voortvarend	a		vigorous, strong, energetic
voortvaren	v	voer voort – voortgevaren	to go through, to go ahead, to hold course
doortastend	a		resolute, decisive, vigorous, strong, energetic
voorwendsel	n	het · mv. voorwendselen	pretense, excuse, pretext
voorwenden	v	wendde voor – voorgewend	to feign, to pretend
bespotten	v	bespotte – bespot	to mock, to scorn
subjectivisme	n	het	subjectivism
drugsmisbruik	n	het	drug abuse
therapie	n	de · mv. therapieën	therapy
loodvrij	a		without lead, unleaded
avegaar	n	de · mv. avegaren	auger
schuimfeest	n	het · mv. schuimfeesten	foam party
schuimparty	n	de · mv. schuimparty's	foam party
Middelhoogduits	m		Middle High German
Middelhoogduits	a		Middle High German
openingsceremonie	n	de · mv. openingsceremonies	opening ceremony
hebbes	i		gotcha (captured or apprehended)
Brummen	m		Brummen (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
lefgozer	n	de · mv. lefgozers	a man or boy with a lot of chutzpah; a daring or impudent male
eigenen	v	eigende – geëigend	to give in ownership, to grant; to claim ownership of, to take
veedief	n	de · mv. veedieven	abactor, someone who steals livestock
hongerstaking	n	de · mv. hongerstakingen	hunger strike
proactief	a		proactive
handgemeen	a		involved in a fight
handgemeen	n	het · mv. handgemenen	scuffle (fight)
haarbal	n	de · mv. haarballen	hairball (mass of hair)
jasmijnthee	n	de · mv. jasmijntheeën	jasmine tea
japanologie	n	de	Japanology
japanoloog	n	de · mv. japanologen	Japanologist
japanologe	n	de · mv. japanologes	female Japanologist
jappenkamp	n	het · mv. jappenkampen	a Japanese-run concentration camp during World War II
jeugdboekenschrijver	n	de · mv. jeugdboekenschrijvers	one who writes books for youngsters
jeugdboekenschrijfster	n	de · mv. jeugdboekenschrijfsters	a female writer of books for youngsters
kinderboekenschrijver	n	de · mv. kinderboekenschrijvers	a writer of children's books
kinderboekenschrijfster	n	de · mv. kinderboekenschrijfsters	a female writer of children's books
jeugdboek	n	het · mv. jeugdboeken	a book written for youngsters
jetskiër	n	de · mv. jetskiërs	someone who jetskis
jetskiester	n	de · mv. jetskiesters	a woman that jetskis
jetskiën	v	jetskiede – gejetskied	to jetski
joggingbroek	n	de · mv. joggingbroeken	sweatpants
jongeheer	n	de · mv. jongeheren	a young man; penis
jurylid	n	het · mv. juryleden	member of a jury
juten	a		made of jute
Juten	n		Jutes, a Germanic people
jip-en-janneketaal	n	de	words that are easy to understand, layman's terms
bloeddiamant	n	de · mv. bloeddiamanten	blood diamond
conflictdiamant	n	de · mv. conflictdiamanten	blood diamond
baanwielrennen	n	het	track cycling
wielrennen	v	wielrende – gewielrend	to race on a bicycle
wielrennen	n	het	race cycling
baanwielrenner	n	de · mv. baanwielrenners	track cyclist
wielrenster	n	de · mv. wielrensters	female cyclist
baanwielrenster	n	de · mv. baanwielrensters	female track cyclist
longslagader	n	de · mv. longslagaders	pulmonary artery
zieneres	n	de · mv. zieneressen	female prophet
ziener	n	de · mv. zieners	prophet, seer
lekentaal	n	de	layman's terms
totempaal	n	de · mv. totempalen	totem pole
Utrechtenaar	n	de · mv. Utrechtenaren	inhabitant of Utrecht
Utrechter	n	de · mv. Utrechters	Utrechter; inhabitant of Utrecht
Utrechter	a		of or from Utrecht
glasbak	n	de · mv. glasbakken	bottle bank
scoubidou	n	de · mv. scoubidous	scoubidou
zandbak	n	de · mv. zandbakken	sandbox, sandpit
dualis	n	de · mv. dualissen	dual (number)
aards	a		earthly, of Earth, Terran; of the current life or age on Earth, worldly
neuspeuteren	v	neuspeuterde – geneuspeuterd	to nose-pick
sterrendag	n	de · mv. sterrendagen	stellar day
zonnedag	n	de · mv. zonnedagen	solar day
declinatie	n	de · mv. declinaties	declination; declension (act of declining); declension (grammatical category for nouns and adjectives)
kwalm	n	de · mv. kwalmen	steam, vapor, mist; thick smoke, billow
salie	n	de	a sage, herb of the genus Salvia; synonym of echte salie (“common sage (Salvia officinalis)”)
meerpaal	n	de · mv. meerpalen	a maritime bollard
aanlegpaal	n	de · mv. aanlegpalen	a maritime bollard
verkeerspaal	n	de · mv. verkeerspalen	a road bollard
Perseïde	n	de · mv. Perseïden	Perseid
volmacht	n	de · mv. volmachten	plenipotence, full authority or power; power of attorney, proxy
sterrenwacht	n	de · mv. sterrenwachten	observatory
observatorium	n	het · mv. observatoria	observatory (specialised facility for astronomical observations)
wipkip	n	de · mv. wipkippen	spring rider, spring rocker (playing device)
plofkip	n	de · mv. plofkippen	broiler chicken that is made to grow unusually fast so as to speed up meat…
eucharistie	n	de · mv. eucharistieën	Eucharist (sacrament)
eucharistieviering	n	de · mv. eucharistievieringen	Eucharist (ceremony), celebration of the Eucharist
eucharistisch	a		eucharistic, eucharistical
Slangendrager	m		Ophiuchus
Tweelingen	m		Gemini
Leeuw	m		Leo
Maagd	m		Virgo
Weegschaal	m		Libra
Schorpioen	m		Scorpius; Scorpio
Boogschutter	m		Sagittarius; someone with a Sagittarius star sign
Waterman	m		Aquarius
Vissen	m		Pisces
Kraanvogel	m		Grus
Achtersteven	m		Puppis
Altaar	m		Ara
Beeldhouwer	m		Sculptor
Schutter	m		Sagittarius
Driehoek	m		Triangulum; a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dolfijn	m		Delphinus
Draak	m		Draco
Duif	m		Columba; a surname
Eenhoorn	m		Monoceros
Goudvis	m		Dorado
Zwaardvis	m		Dorado
Graveerstift	m		Caelum
Haas	m		Lepus; a surname
Hagedis	m		Lacerta
Hoofdhaar	m		Coma Berenices
Indiaan	m		Indus
Jachthonden	m		Canes Venatici
Kameleon	m		Chamaeleon
Kompas	m		Pyxis
Luchtpomp	m		Antlia
luchtpomp	n	de · mv. luchtpompen	air pump
Microscoop	m		Microscopium
Noorderkroon	m		Corona Borealis, the Northern Crown
Octant	m		Octans
Orionnevel	m		Orion Nebula
Jager	m		Orion
Ossenhoeder	m		Boötes
Oven	m		Fornax
Paradijsvogel	m		Apus
paradijsvogel	n	de · mv. paradijsvogels	bird of paradise
Pauw	m		Pavo
Pijl	m		Sagitta; a surname
Raaf	m		Corvus
Schilder	m		Pictor
Slingeruurwerk	m		Horologium
slingeruurwerk	n	het · mv. slingeruurwerken	pendulum clock
Tafelberg	m		Table Mountain; Mensa
tafelberg	n	de · mv. tafelbergen	table mountain, mesa
Telescoop	m		Telescopium
Toekan	m		Tucana
toekan	n	de · mv. toekans	toucan
Veulen	m		Equuleus; a village in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Vlieg	m		Musca
Voerman	m		Auriga
voerman	n	de · mv. voermannen	driver of a horse cart
Vosje	m		Vulpecula
Walvis	m		Cetus
Waterslang	m		Hydra
waterslang	n	de · mv. waterslangen	water snake
Winkelhaak	m		Norma
Zuiderkroon	m		Corona Australis
Zuiderkruis	m		the Southern Cross, Crux
Zuidervis	m		Piscis Austrinus
Zuiderdriehoek	m		Triangulum Australe
Zwaan	m		Cygnus; a surname
dog	n	de · mv. doggen	a large dog, especially one of certain breeds
alpengloed	n	de	alpenglow
alpengloeien	n	het	alpenglow
behinderd	a		disabled, handicapped
andersvalide	n	de · mv. andersvaliden	handicapped person
andersvalide	a		disabled, handicapped, differently able
mindervalide	n	de · mv. mindervaliden	disabled person, handicapped person
mindervalide	a		disabled, handicapped
Belt	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
nulde	a		zeroth
lovertje	n	het · mv. lovertjes	sequin
roomboter	n	de · mv. roomboters	butter, made by churning the cream of milk
busbestuurder	n	de · mv. busbestuurders	a bus driver
heiig	a		misty, foggy
structuralisme	n	het	structuralism
uitprobeersel	n	het · mv. uitprobeersels	pilot, draft, first attempt, thing used as a tryout
Oudkerkslavisch	m		Old Church Slavonic
teil	n	de · mv. teilen	tub, basin (wide vessel with generally a larger volume than a bucket); tray or pot used for serving a dish
ophemelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophemelen
ophemel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of ophemelen
ophemele	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of ophemelen
scharrel	n	de · mv. scharrels	picking up, seeking a casual sex partner; fuckmate, fuckbuddy, person with whom one has an irregular, noncommittal,…
voortvaar	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voortvaren
voortvare	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voortvaren
voortvoert	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of voortvaren
voortvoere	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of voortvaren
voortvaart	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voortvaren
voortvoer	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of voortvaren
voorwende	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voorwenden
voorwend	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorwenden
voorwendt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorwenden
monochroom	a		monochrome
eenvoud	n	de	simplicity
dupliceren	v	dupliceerde – gedupliceerd	to duplicate
duplicaat	n	het · mv. duplicaten	duplicate, copy
tertiair	a		tertiary
drievoud	n	het · mv. drievouden	threefold, triplicate
driemaal	d		thrice, three times
driekleur	n	de · mv. driekleuren	tricolour
drietand	n	de · mv. drietanden	trident
drie-eenheid	n	de	Trinity
drietal	n	het · mv. drietallen	triplet, group of three
tweewieler	n	de · mv. tweewielers	bicycle, two-wheeled vehicle
driewieler	n	de · mv. driewielers	tricycle
eenwieler	n	de · mv. eenwielers	unicycle
traditionalisme	n	het	traditionalism
muistroom	n	de · mv. muistromen	riptide, rip current
riviermond	n	de · mv. riviermonden	mouth of a river
neonaat	n	de · mv. neonaten	newborn
nieuwgeborene	n	de · mv. nieuwgeborenen	newborn
pasgeborene	n	de · mv. pasgeborenen	newborn
geborene	n	de · mv. geborenen	baby
boreling	n	de · mv. borelingen	a newborn child, a newborn
ontvoerder	n	de · mv. ontvoerders	an abductor, a kidnapper (person who kidnaps someone)
verheiligen	v	verheiligde – verheiligd	to hallow, to sanctify
sacraliseren	v	sacraliseerde – gesacraliseerd	to hallow, to sanctify
wereldstekker	n	de · mv. wereldstekkers	plug adapter
reisstekker	n	de · mv. reisstekkers	plug adapter
stroomomvormer	n	de · mv. stroomomvormers	voltage converter, transformer
stekkerdoos	n	de · mv. stekkerdozen	multiple socket; power strip
sybariet	n	de · mv. sybarieten	a person devoted to pleasure and luxury; a sybarite
sluitrede	n	de · mv. sluitredes	a syllogism (inference from premises)
onophoudend	a		continuous, unceasing
onophoudend	d		continuously, ceaselessly
infernaal	a		of or relating to hell, or the world of the dead; hellish; of or relating to a fire or inferno
hellevuur	n	het · mv. hellevuren	the fire of Hell; hellfire; fire produced by the Devil, or a similar supernatural creature connected to Hell
spindeltrap	n	de · mv. spindeltrappen	spiral staircase
trappenhuis	n	het · mv. trappenhuizen	stairwell
draaitrap	n	de · mv. draaitrappen	spiral staircase
windeltrap	n	de · mv. windeltrappen	spiral staircase
wied	n	het	weed
skypen	v	skypete – geskypet	to skype (make a Skype telephone call)
pluimbal	n	de · mv. pluimballen	a shuttlecock
vederbal	n	de · mv. vederballen	a shuttlecock
paradigmawissel	n	de · mv. paradigmawissels	paradigm shift
paradigmawisseling	n	de · mv. paradigmawisselingen	paradigm shift
verloopstekker	n	de · mv. verloopstekkers	plug adapter
tussenstekker	n	de · mv. tussenstekkers	plug through socket
krijgsraad	n	de · mv. krijgsraden	court martial; a court where cases of military law are heard
krijgsgerecht	n	de · mv. krijgsgerechten	court martial; a court where cases of military law are heard
krijgsgevangene	n	de · mv. krijgsgevangenen	prisoner of war
oorlogsgevangene	n	de · mv. oorlogsgevangenen	prisoner of war
wreedheid	n	de · mv. wreedheden	an indifference to suffering or positive pleasure in inflicting suffering;…; a cruel act
wreedte	n	de · mv. wreedtes	an indifference to suffering or positive pleasure in inflicting suffering;…; a cruel act
gruwzaamheid	n	de · mv. gruwzaamheden	gruesomeness; cruelty
omcirkelen	v	omcirkelde – omcirkeld	to surround, to envelop
rijkswacht	n	de · mv. rijkswachten	the gendarmerie, especially the historical Belgian force
panpsychisme	n	het	the doctrine that all matter has a mental aspect; panpsychism
schallen	v	schalde – geschald	to sound loudly; to resound, to echo
vrijdom	n	de · mv. vrijdommen	freedom; release from duty
vaalt	n	de · mv. vaalten	dung heap
mesthoop	n	de · mv. mesthopen	dung heap
geer	n	de · mv. geren	spear; gyron; desire, lust
wederhalen	v	wederhaalde – wederhaald	to bring back, to return; to rehearse; to resay
wederbeeld	n	het · mv. wederbeelden	mirror image; opposite
reflectie	n	de · mv. reflecties	reflection; thought about something
vlammenzee	n	de · mv. vlammenzeeën	inferno, conflagration, sea of fire
onderwereld	n	de · mv. onderwerelden	netherworld, underworld; organized crime, underworld
schimmenrijk	n	het · mv. schimmenrijken	realm of the dead, underworld
dodenrijk	n	het · mv. dodenrijken	realm of the dead, underworld
boevenwereld	n	de · mv. boevenwerelden	that part of society that is engaged in crime or vice; underworld
misdaadwereld	n	de · mv. misdaadwerelden	that part of society that is engaged in crime or vice; underworld
duikboot	n	de · mv. duikboten	submarine; submarine that is designed to sail at the surface for most of the time but…
doodskop	n	de · mv. doodskoppen	a death's-head, (human, notably emblematic) skull
doodskopvlag	n	de · mv. doodskopvlaggen	a skull and crossbones flag; a Jolly Roger
doodshoofdvlag	n	de · mv. doodshoofdvlaggen	a skull and crossbones flag; a Jolly Roger
slaapwel	i		good night, sleep well
toondichter	n	de · mv. toondichters	music composer
toondichteres	n	de · mv. toondichteressen	female music composer
dichteres	n	de · mv. dichteressen	female poet; a poetess
horzel	n	de · mv. horzels	botfly, insect of the family Oestridae
stoottand	n	de · mv. stoottanden	tusk, a large tooth extending outside the mouth, as on an elephant, fit as a…
werkeloos	a		having nothing to do, doing nothing; idle, workless; workless, jobless, unemployed
zinspreuk	n	de · mv. zinspreuken	motto
levenswende	n	de · mv. levenswenden	life course
Sinto	n	de · mv. Sinti	Sinto (a member of a certain Romani people)
Waterlander	n	de · mv. Waterlanders	a person from Waterland, a region in North Holland to the east of Zaandam…
glijvlucht	n	de · mv. glijvluchten	a gliding flight
glijboot	n	de · mv. glijboten	a hydroplane
moedwil	n	de	evil intent, malevolence
kwaadwil	n	de	malevolence
boekstaaf	n	de · mv. boekstaven	letter
gruwzaam	a		gruesome; cruel
angstaanjagend	a		frightening, terrifying
vreesaanjagend	a		frightening
afschrik	n	de · mv. afschrikken	deterrent; horror
afschrik	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afschrikken
angstwekkend	a		frightening, rousing fear
schrikwekkend	a		frightening
ijzingwekkend	a		frightening
schatbewaarder	n	de · mv. schatbewaarders	treasurer
thesaurier	n	de · mv. thesauriers	treasurer
schatmeester	n	de · mv. schatmeesters	treasurer
wanmolen	n	de · mv. wanmolens	winnowing mill
handwanmolen	n	de · mv. handwanmolens	manual winnowing mill
verkommeren	v	verkommerde – verkommerd	to languish, to wither
hemelwijd	a		enormous, as though spanning across the heavens
verzameldrang	n	de · mv. verzameldrangen	compulsive hoarding
verzamelzucht	n	de	compulsive hoarding
verzamelwoede	n	de · mv. verzamelwoedes	compulsive hoarding
eroderen	v	erodeerde – geërodeerd	to erode; to grind off by means of a tool
corroderen	v	corrodeerde – gecorrodeerd	to corrode
uithollen	v	holde uit – uitgehold	to hollow out
tuchtroede	n	de · mv. tuchtroeden	a birching rod; a birch
donderroede	n	de · mv. donderroeden	a lightning rod
aanvreten	v	vrat aan – aangevreten	to eat at, to damage by eating; to corrode
bliksemafleider	n	de · mv. bliksemafleiders	a lightning rod, lightning conductor
weerlicht	n	het · mv. weerlichten	sheet lightning
dwarsgang	n	de · mv. dwarsgangen	a traverse corridor or passageway, a cross-aisle passage
pandgang	n	de · mv. pandgangen	an aisle connecting two parts of one building; a cloister aisle
ontucht	n	de	sexual immorality, fornication, sexual abuse; lack of discipline
lotenverkoopster	n	de · mv. lotenverkoopsters	female lottery ticket seller
plengoffer	n	het · mv. plengoffers	libation
lotenverkoper	n	de · mv. lotenverkopers	lottery ticket seller
orkin	n	de · mv. orkinnen	female orc
vermetel	a		audacious, daring
vermetel	d		audaciously, daringly
vermeten	a		audacious, daring
zakencijfer	n	het · mv. zakencijfers	revenue, turnover
omdraaiing	n	de · mv. omdraaiingen	turnover
sigarettenjongen	n	de · mv. sigarettenjongens	cigarette boy, boy who sells cigarettes
toeristencampagne	n	de · mv. toeristencampagnes	advertisement campaign to attract tourists
reclamecampagne	n	de · mv. reclamecampagnes	advertisement campaign
evenwoord	n	het · mv. evenwoorden	synonym, word with (nearly) the same meaning as another; equivalent word (in a different language)
deemoedigen	v	deemoedigde – gedeemoedigd	to humble
machtsovernemer	n	de · mv. machtsovernemers	usurper
mezenkooi	n	de · mv. mezenkooien	a series of floor holes in a castle to drop or shoot projectiles; a…; a bird-cage for a tit
mannetjeseend	n	de · mv. mannetjeseenden	drake (male duck)
vertebraat	n	de · mv. vertebraten	an animal which has a vertebral column; a vertebrate
semantiek	n	de	semantics
kwaadwillend	a		malevolent, evil
nondeju	i		damn
islamistisch	a		Islamist
archaïsme	n	het · mv. archaïsmen	archaism
wimpel	n	de · mv. wimpels	pennon, pennant, streamer
klipdas	n	de · mv. klipdassen	klipdas, hyrax
framerate	n	de · mv. framerates	frame rate
japon	n	de · mv. japonnen	a gown, a robe, a dress
stalles	n		the stalls in a theatre
rilling	n	de · mv. rillingen	shiver, shudder (act of shaking)
chicaneur	n	de · mv. chicaneurs	a quibbler, a chicaner, a nitpicker
tegenvallertje	n	het · mv. tegenvallertjes	a small disappointment, an outcome worse than expected, adversity, bummer
meevaller	n	de · mv. meevallers	an outcome better than expected, a surprise, a relief
pardoes	d		suddenly
gewichtloos	a		weightless
gewichtloosheid	n	de	weightlessness
dewijl	c		because, for; while
opgelaten	a		embarrassed, not at ease
rijstpapier	n	het · mv. rijstpapieren	rice paper
duf	a		unable to think clearly; boring, uninteresting; fusty, moldy
saponiet	n	het	saponite
zeepsteen	n	de · mv. zeepstenen	saponite
schoenneus	n	de · mv. schoenneuzen	front side of a shoe
bewerkelijk	a		laborious
goedgeefs	a		generous
drakenvrucht	n	de · mv. drakenvruchten	dragon fruit (fruit of certain cacti of the genus (Stenocereus (syn.…
lichaamsdeel	n	het · mv. lichaamsdelen	body part
pangermanisme	n	het	Pan-Germanism
actionist	n	de · mv. actionisten	stockbroker
Hyundai	m		Hyundai (a Korean car brand)
SOSCASTOA	n		SOHCAHTOA; sinus is overstaande gedeeld door schuine, cosinus is aanliggende…
hoekversnelling	n	de · mv. hoekversnellingen	angular acceleration
bzz	i		The buzzing sound produced by aviative insects; bzz; Any buzzing sound
journalistisch	a		journalistic
twen	n	de · mv. twens	twentysomething
Martijn	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Martin
r.s.v.p.	i		please reply to the invitation
r.s.v.p.	n	de · mv. r.s.v.p.'s	A reply to an invitation
speurtocht	n	de · mv. speurtochten	search, quest, hunt
inbegrepen	a		included
mederij	n	de · mv. mederijen	meadery
moffenzeef	n	de · mv. moffenzeven	a directional loop antenna designed to block out Nazi jamming signals while…
buikvinnig	a		having abdominal fins
borstvoeding	n	de	breast feeding; breast milk
moedermelk	n	de	breast milk
borstmelk	n	de	breast milk
biechtspiegel	n	de · mv. biechtspiegels	manual of confession (a list of common sins which can be consulted to…
braaien	v	braaide – gebraaid	to barbecue
afspeellijst	n	de · mv. afspeellijsten	playlist
germaan	n	het · mv. germanen	germane (GeH₄)
aldaar	d		there, in the aforementioned place
lebmaag	n	de · mv. lebmagen	abomasum
lijzij	n	de · mv. lijzijdes	lee (side of the ship away from the wind)
weesfiets	n	de · mv. weesfietsen	abandoned or owner-less bike present in a public space
pedagogisch	a		pedagogic
euvel	a		evil
euvel	n	het · mv. euvelen	evil; problem, wrong
landweer	n	de · mv. landweren	defense; a type of defensive work; a landweer
landsverdediging	n	de · mv. landsverdedigingen	defense
landweerman	n	de · mv. landweermannen	militia man
vierdeel	n	het · mv. vierdelen	one of four equal parts; a quarter; a section of a town
onheilig	a		not holy; unholy
ontheiligen	v	ontheiligde – ontheiligd	to desanctify; to desecrate
genezer	n	de · mv. genezers	healer
Warten	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
kemmen	v	kemde – gekemd	to comb
theelicht	n	het · mv. theelichten	tealight
rapmuziek	n	de	rap music
popmuziek	n	de	pop music
Lap	n	de · mv. Lappen	Laplander
water	n	het · mv. waters	water (H₂O); body of water (such as a lake, ditch or stream); bodily fluid (especially amniotic fluid)
giswerk	n	het	guesswork
gorden	v	gordde – gegord	to gird
duig	n	de · mv. duigen	stave, plank of the wall of a barrel; piece
spuien	v	spuide – gespuid	to spew out, to discharge
dierenrijk	n	het	animal kingdom, the regnum Animalia
precair	a		precarious
rosbief	n	de	roast beef
huismus	n	de · mv. huismussen	house sparrow (Passer domesticus); homebody (person who prefers to stay at home rather than go out)
sterveling	n	de · mv. stervelingen	mortal
vaper	n	de · mv. vapers	an electronic cigarette; a vaper, one who vapes
groothonderd	n	het · mv. groothonderden	great hundred; 10 dozen, 120
grootduizend	n	het · mv. grootduizenden	great thousand; 100 dozen, 1200
tengel	n	de · mv. tengels	finger; wooden lath used on roofs, in ceilings or walls
imme	n	de · mv. immen	beeswarm; honeybee
immenhuif	n	de · mv. immenhuiven	beehive
bijenhuif	n	de · mv. bijenhuiven	a skep, a wicker beehive
bijennest	n	het · mv. bijennesten	beehive
immenkorf	n	de · mv. immenkorven	beehive
bijenzwerm	n	de · mv. bijenzwermen	beeswarm
bijendrom	n	de · mv. bijendrommen	beeswarm
immenveld	n	het · mv. immenvelden	artificial field with beehives, managed by beekeepers
Sjaak	m		a male given name, variant of Jakob
Woold	m		a hamlet in Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
inwijking	n	de · mv. inwijkingen	immigration
uitwijking	n	de · mv. uitwijkingen	emigration
uitgewekene	n	de · mv. uitgewekenen	someone who has emigrated; emigrant
ingewekene	n	de · mv. ingewekenen	someone who has immigrated; immigrant
veenbrand	n	de · mv. veenbranden	peat fire; lingering, periodically reigniting conflict
ruiterij	n	de · mv. ruiterijen	cavalry
marburgvirus	n	het · mv. marburgvirussen	the virus, of the genus Marburgvirus, that causes hemorrhagic fever in…
hommer	n	de · mv. hommers	lobster; a male fish, a cockfish
heropleven	v	leefde herop – heropgeleefd	to be revived, to be reinvigorated
tienjarig	a		ten-year-old; decennial (occurring every ten years)
skelter	n	de · mv. skelters	a pedal car, a quadricycle (a go-kart-like toy car powered by pedals)
ofra.	m		Oudfrans ≡ Old French (language)
landdrost	n	de · mv. landdrosten	an official and magistrate in rural jurisdictions during the Ancien Régime; a magistrate in the Cape Colony; the head of an unincorporated area in the Netherlands
muishond	n	de · mv. muishonden	weasel; cat
bergwind	n	de · mv. bergwinden	a mountainous wind
petalum	n	het · mv. petala	a petal
Rande	m		a hamlet in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
toppie	a		synonym of top (“great, very good”)
knijf	n	het · mv. knijven	switchblade
vorstendom	n	het · mv. vorstendommen	principality, princedom (a region or sovereign nation headed by a prince or…
aangordt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aangorden
aangord	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aangorden
aangorde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aangorden
voortplant	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
voortplante	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of voortplanten
terugneem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugnemen
terugnaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugnemen
terugname	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of terugnemen
terugneme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of terugnemen
terugnam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of terugnemen
terugneemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugnemen
uitpuil	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitpuilen
uitpuile	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uitpuilen
uitpuilt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uitpuilen
kwijtrake	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of kwijtraken
kwijtraak	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of kwijtraken
kwijtraakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of kwijtraken
doctorandus	n	de · mv. doctorandi	doctorandus, graduate with a master's degree; doctorand
Kymrisch	m		Cymric, Welsh (language)
Barber	m		a village in Curaçao
gebruikersovereenkomst	n	de · mv. gebruikersovereenkomsten	end-user licence agreement
houvast	n	de/het · mv. houvasten	grip, grasp; something to hold onto (physically or emotionally), support, solace
aanraakscherm	n	het · mv. aanraakschermen	touch screen
navelstreng	n	de · mv. navelstrengen	umbilical cord
navelsnoer	n	de · mv. navelsnoeren	umbilical cord
schietpartij	n	de · mv. schietpartijen	shooting, shootout
Bengalen	m		Bengal (region)
boeleke	n	het · mv. boelekes	baby
gedonder	n	het	thundering; squabbling, bickering
booswicht	n	de · mv. booswichten	wicked person, felon
wicht	n	het · mv. wichten	stupid, simple-minded woman; synonym of gewicht (“weight”)
aasgier	n	de · mv. aasgieren	Egyptian vulture (Neophron percnopterus); any vulture, especially one whose diet consists of carrion; a vulture, a person who profits from the suffering of others
beambte	n	de · mv. beambten	official, public servant
bosbedrijf	n	het · mv. bosbedrijven	forestry
boswachter	n	de · mv. boswachters	forest ranger, forest warden; forester
gijlui	r		second-person plural personal pronoun (subjective); you guys, you people,…
wijlui	r		first-person plural personal pronoun (subjective); we
zijlui	r		third-person plural personal pronoun (subjective); they
ului	r		second-person plural personal pronoun (objective); you
tweedekker	n	de · mv. tweedekkers	biplane; a ship with two decks
dubbeldekker	n	de · mv. dubbeldekkers	biplane; double-decker bus
longvis	n	de · mv. longvissen	a lungfish, fish of the class Dipnoi
ponjaard	n	de · mv. ponjaarden	poniard
hoekbal	n	de · mv. hoekballen	corner kick; hook, hook ball
roerloos	a		motionless
Drents	a		of, from, pertaining to or characteric of Drenthe
Drents	m		an umbrella term for the Low Saxon dialects spoken in Drenthe
Twents	a		of Twente; of the Twents dialect; Twents
Twents	m		the Twents dialect (of Low Saxon)
Sallands	a		of, from or pertaining to Salland
Sallands	m		Sallands, a Low Saxon dialect spoken in the Salland region of Overijssel
deurklink	n	de · mv. deurklinken	door handle
neerploffen	v	plofte neer – neergeploft	to let oneself fall or drop suddenly into a resting position
valkuil	n	de · mv. valkuilen	pitfall (type of trap); pitfall (hazard in general); hawk owl (owl in the genus Ninox)
everjong	n	het · mv. everjongen	young wild boar; marcassin
wrattenzwijn	n	het · mv. wrattenzwijnen	warthog, certain warty swine from the genera Sus and Phacochoerus
knobbelzwijn	n	het · mv. knobbelzwijnen	warthog, pig of the genus Phacochoerus
zaagtandgolf	n	de · mv. zaagtandgolven	sawtooth wave
blokgolf	n	de · mv. blokgolven	square wave
driehoeksgolf	n	de · mv. driehoeksgolven	triangle wave
waterspuwer	n	de · mv. waterspuwers	gargoyle, waterspout
waterhoos	n	de · mv. waterhozen	a tornado that occurs over a body of water; a waterspout
spuwer	n	de · mv. spuwers	spitter, spouter
spuwster	n	de · mv. spuwsters	female spitter, spouter
vuurspuwer	n	de · mv. vuurspuwers	fire-breather
doemprofeet	n	de · mv. doemprofeten	doomsayer, prophet of doom
ondergangsprofeet	n	de · mv. ondergangsprofeten	doomsayer
ondergangsprofetes	n	de · mv. ondergangsprofetessen	female doomsayer
spouwer	n	de · mv. spouwers	spitter, spouter; puker, vomiter
spouwen	v	spouwde – gespouwd	to spit; to vomit; to split, cleave
zwarteter	n	de · mv. zwarteters	someone who leaves a restaurant without paying
Alphons	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Alfonso
zwartwerker	n	de · mv. zwartwerkers	moonlighter
zwartkijker	n	de · mv. zwartkijkers	someone who owns a television but does not pay television tax; someone who watches unfree content without paying; pessimist
sneeuwman	n	de · mv. sneeuwmannen	snowman, figure made of snow
sneeuwvrouw	n	de · mv. sneeuwvrouwen	female snowman, female figure made of snow
dagdeel	n	het · mv. dagdelen	part of the day, time of day
ochtendschemering	n	de · mv. ochtendschemeringen	dawn, morning twilight
avondschemering	n	de · mv. avondschemeringen	dusk, evening twilight
grijsrijden	v	reed grijs – grijsgereden	to use public transport for a farther or more expensive destination than for…
hondenlijn	n	de · mv. hondenlijnen	dog leash
hondenbrok	n	de · mv. hondenbrokken	a chunk of dry dog food, a chunk of dog kibble
amerikaniseren	v	amerikaniseerde – geamerikaniseerd	to Americanize (Americanise)
babbelkous	n	de · mv. babbelkousen	chatterbox
sneeuwballengevecht	n	het · mv. sneeuwballengevechten	snowball fight
spionne	n	de · mv. spionnes	female spy, a woman who secretly gathers information
dubbelspion	n	de · mv. dubbelspionnen	double agent
dubbelagent	n	de · mv. dubbelagenten	double agent
dubbelagente	n	de · mv. dubbelagentes	female double agent
jongdement	a		suffering from dementia at an unusually young age
instuif	n	de · mv. instuiven	housewarming
huiswarming	n	de · mv. huiswarmingen	housewarming
littekenweefsel	n	het · mv. littekenweefsels	scar tissue
bijtijds	d		in good time, well in advance; betimes, betides
bijtijds	a		in good time, well in advance; betimes, betides
intijds	a		in time, timely
intijds	d		in time, timely
tussentijd	n	de · mv. tussentijden	time in-between two events; meantime
liefdevol	a		loving, affectionate
neolithisch	a		Neolithic
draadschaartje	n	het · mv. draadschaartjes	thread scissors
draadschaar	n	de · mv. draadscharen	wire cutter
wereldzee	n	de · mv. wereldzeeën	synonym of oceaan (“ocean”); The totality of all of Earth's oceans and major seas
buitengaats	a		offshore, off the harbour
morgengave	n	de · mv. morgengaven	morning gift (the gift given by the bridegroom to the bride on the morning…
kruimeldief	n	de · mv. kruimeldieven	pilferer; petty thief; cordless portable vacuum cleaner
kruimeldievegge	n	de · mv. kruimeldievegges	female petty thief
kruimel	n	de · mv. kruimels	crumb
plee	n	de · mv. plees	loo, john, bathroom
trendbreuk	n	de · mv. trendbreuken	trend reversal
beurtbalk	n	de · mv. beurtbalken	a checkout divider, a separator to put between the products of different…
microgolfoven	n	de · mv. microgolfovens	microwave oven, a fast heating device with mainly culinary use
magnetronoven	n	de · mv. magnetronovens	microwave oven, a fast heating device with mainly culinary use
microgolf	n	de · mv. microgolven	microwave (electromagnetic wave in the band between infrared and radio waves); microwave oven, a fast heating device with mainly culinary use
gesternte	n	het · mv. gesterntes	all stars in the night sky; constellation
bullenpees	n	de · mv. bullenpezen	a bull's dried sinew; bullwhip, made from the above, a severe punitive implement
echten	v	echtte – geëcht	to recognize a child as one's own
blanken	v	blankte – geblankt	to glow in a white or pallid colour; to blank
kluns	n	de · mv. klunzen	clumsy person, klutz
tweelicht	n	het	twilight
tweedonker	n	het	twilight
schemerlicht	n	het	twilight
schemerdonker	n	het	twilight
gewisse	n	het	conscience
deemstering	n	de	dusk, twilight
geilen	v	geilde – gegeild	to be horny
stoflong	n	de · mv. stoflongen	pneumoconiosis
lengen	v	lengde – gelengd	to become longer
toverij	n	de · mv. toverijen	sorcery
kleinburgerij	n	de	petty bourgeoisie
zwartdenker	n	de · mv. zwartdenkers	someone who thinks negatively about the world; a pessimist
halfhartig	a		without much conviction or effort; halfhearted
Goudlokjesgebied	n	het · mv. Goudlokjesgebieden	the habitable zone for a planet; the planetary area that is neither too warm…
halfslachtig	a		without much conviction or effort; halfhearted
Berger	m		a surname, Berger
Halte	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Pellen	m		Pellaines, a village in Belgium
Winters	m		a surname
Wolfs	m		a surname
Heers	m		a hamlet in Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schier	m		synonym of Schiermonnikoog
maharadja	n	de · mv. maharadja's	maharaja
analytisch	a		analytical
stoken	v	stookte – gestookt	to poke, stoke; to light, to start (fire); to stir up, to enflame (problems, emotions)
duiver	n	de · mv. duivers	male dove, a cock pigeon
mecenas	n	de · mv. mecenassen	patron, sponsor
werkster	n	de · mv. werksters	maid (house cleaner); female worker; worker female among eusocial insects
werkbij	n	de · mv. werkbijen	worker bee; a woman that works hard
bijenkoningin	n	de · mv. bijenkoninginnen	a queen bee (fertile female of social insects); a queen bee (dominant woman in a business)
kattenjong	n	het · mv. kattenjongen	a young cat; kitten
elektrostatisch	a		electrostatic
energetisch	a		energetic; pertaining to energy; carrying an energy value
klaren	v	klaarde – geklaard	to finish, to complete, to get (something) done
avondval	n	de	nightfall, sundown
nachtval	n	de	nightfall, sundown
valavond	n	de	nightfall, sundown, dusk
valuur	n	het	the hour of nightfall, sundown
overuitgave	n	de · mv. overuitgaven	overspend
onderuitgave	n	de · mv. onderuitgaven	underspend
Mulder	m		a surname, Mulder, originating as an occupation, equivalent to English Miller
relativistisch	a		relativistic (pertaining to the theory of relativity or relativistic motion)
bromvlieg	n	de · mv. bromvliegen	a blowfly, a bluebottle, fly of the family Calliphoridae
aasvlieg	n	de · mv. aasvliegen	blowfly, fly of the Calliphoridae
fruitvlieg	n	de · mv. fruitvliegen	fruitfly, fly of the genus Drosophila
sneedhamer	n	de · mv. sneedhamers	swage
confederatie	n	de · mv. confederaties	a confederation; a union or alliance of (largely) independent sovereign…
statenbond	n	de · mv. statenbonden	a political union or alliance of independent states or political…
bondsstaat	n	de · mv. bondsstaten	a federation; a country made up of substate regions with a degree of autonomy
staartster	n	de · mv. staartsterren	comet
verlieven	v	verliefde – verliefd	to fall in love; to make someone fall in love
piratenzender	n	de · mv. piratenzenders	pirate radio station
slaatje	n	het · mv. slaatjes	small salad
watje	n	het · mv. watjes	a piece of cotton wool; a wimp, a loser
vonkelwijn	n	de · mv. vonkelwijnen	South African sparkling wine
schuimwijn	n	de · mv. schuimwijnen	synonym of mousserende wijn
plebaan	n	de · mv. plebanen	a priest (in the Roman Catholic Church or the Old Catholic Church) who…
technologisch	a		technological
prophylactisch	a		prophylactic, serving to prevent or protect against an undesired effect or…
bubbelwijn	n	de · mv. bubbelwijnen	synonym of mousserende wijn
snaak	n	de · mv. snaken	joker, prankster; boy, young man
burgerin	n	de · mv. burgerinnen	female citizen; female bourgeois
waardin	n	de · mv. waardinnen	a female innkeeper; a wife of the innkeeper; a madam, a female proprietor of a brothel
komkommertijd	n	de · mv. komkommertijden	silly season
warmen	v	warmde – gewarmd	to warm
eigenwarmte	n	de	heat produced from within an object, as opposed to absorbed from outside
aardwarmte	n	de	geothermal heat, geothermal warmth
lichaamswarmte	n	de	body heat
lichaamstemperatuur	n	de · mv. lichaamstemperaturen	body temperature
Spangen	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
braveren	v	braveerde – gebraveerd	to taunt, to mock
werkschuw	a		workshy
lommerd	n	de · mv. lommerds	pawnshop, pawnbroker's shop; pawnbroker
pitspoes	n	de · mv. pitspoezen	attractive girl that promotes a certain car or motor bike, often at a car…
intensiveren	v	intensiveerde – geïntensiveerd	to intensify
wereldbrand	n	de · mv. wereldbranden	conflagration, cyclical or eschatological destruction of the world through fire; any large fire; world war, world-scale conflict
nestwarmte	n	de · mv. nestwarmtes	the love and warmth of home and family
grofgrein	n	het · mv. grofgreinen	grosgrain
wereldkrijg	n	de · mv. wereldkrijgen	world war
wereldvrede	n	de	world peace
speelzucht	n	de	eagerness or desire to gamble, often pathologically
behapbaar	a		manageable
beheerbaar	a		manageable
goednieuwsshow	n	de · mv. goednieuwsshows	a widely communicated story that minimalizes or negates the underlying problems
vastvoetig	a		surefooted
zelfzeker	a		confident
wanboffer	n	de · mv. wanboffers	unlucky person
aandachtshoer	n	de · mv. aandachtshoeren	attention whore
naamwoordstijl	n	de · mv. naamwoordstijlen	writing style which relies heavily on the use of nouns
tinne	n	de/het · mv. tinnen	merlon, cop
elektrolytisch	a		electrolytic
kortelings	a		recent
kortelings	d		recently
slaapgebrek	n	het	sleep deprivation, lack of sleep
vrieskou	n	de	freezing cold, frost (subzero cold)
winterdip	n	de · mv. winterdips	mild winter depression
winterdepressie	n	de · mv. winterdepressies	winter depression
contrabandier	n	de · mv. contrabandiers	smuggler
haardroger	n	de · mv. haardrogers	hairdryer
staatsgeheim	n	het · mv. staatsgeheimen	state secret
heemwaarts	d		homewards
huiswaarts	d		homewards
zeewaarts	d		seawards
helwaarts	d		towards hell
hemelwaarts	d		towards heaven
bovenwaarts	d		upwards
wegwaarts	d		going elsewhere
buitenwaarts	d		outwards
uitwaarts	d		outwards
inwaarts	d		inwards
landwaarts	d		landwards
stadwaarts	d		towards the city
elderwaarts	d		to elsewhere
schattig	a		cute, adorable
snoezig	a		adorable, dinky, lovely
beeldig	a		beautiful, lovely
Lerop	m		a hamlet in Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
stedewaarts	d		towards the city
stedewaarts	a		towards the city
windwaarts	d		windward
windwaarts	a		windward
loefwaarts	d		windward, loofward
loefwaarts	a		windward, loofward
taalleemte	n	de · mv. taalleemten	the absence of a specific word in a language; a lexical gap
eremetaal	n	het	medal, presented collective as a material
treurspel	n	het · mv. treurspelen	a drama in which the main character is brought to ruin; a tragedy
anorganisch	a		inorganic
onhoorbaar	a		inaudible
stoffer	n	de · mv. stoffers	duster, often used in combination with a dustpan
vacht	n	de · mv. vachten	fur; pelt
toxisch	a		toxic
fotosoepen	v	fotosoepte – gefotosoept	to photoshop
ijsregen	n	de · mv. ijsregens	ice pellets
hagelkorrel	n	de · mv. hagelkorrels	graupel; chalazion
hagelsteen	n	de · mv. hagelstenen	hailstone
waterkanon	n	het · mv. waterkanonnen	water cannon
avondmens	n	de · mv. avondmensen	night owl
enzymatisch	a		enzymatic
symbiotisch	a		symbiotic
beleving	n	de · mv. belevingen	experience (act of experiencing, something that is experienced)
patenteren	v	patenteerde – gepatenteerd	to patent, to register a patent
myelogram	n	het · mv. myelogrammen	bone marrow smear
filmregisseuse	n	de · mv. filmregisseuses	female film director
regisseuse	n	de · mv. regisseuses	female director
filologe	n	de · mv. filologes	female philologist
filmproducente	n	de · mv. filmproducentes	female film producer
eenzaadlobbige	n	de · mv. eenzaadlobbigen	monocotyledon
slaapwandelen	v	slaapwandelde – geslaapwandeld	to sleepwalk
Pax	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
scepsis	n	de	skepticism, scepsis
ethicus	n	de · mv. ethici	ethicist, someone studying ethics
Tilburg	m		Tilburg (a city and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands)
Almere	m		Almere (a city and municipality of Flevoland, Netherlands)
polycoria	n	de	polycoria
neerdalen	v	daalde neer – neergedaald	to descend, to go down
epileptisch	a		epileptic
wisseltonig	a		bisonoric
gelijktonig	a		unisonoric
feministe	n	de · mv. feministes	female feminist
dadendrang	n	de	a desire to take action, often to achieve an ambitious goal
plavuis	n	de · mv. plavuizen	floor tile
getijdenverschil	n	het · mv. getijdenverschillen	tidal range
opscheppen	v	schepte op – opgeschept	to serve up (food) from cooking utensils into crockery used for eating, to…; to brag, to boast
opschepper	n	de · mv. opscheppers	boaster, braggart
jetser	n	de · mv. jetsers	a woman's breast
permanenten	v	permanentte – gepermanent	to produce a perm, to mould the hair (of X) into a perm
weleer	d		yore
weleer	n	het	good times that have gone by; yesteryear
Rijsel	m		Lille (the departmental capital of Nord department, France; the regional…
veredelen	v	veredelde – veredeld	to ennoble
kamertemperatuur	n	de	room temperature
basklarinet	n	de · mv. basklarinetten	bass clarinet
ootmoed	n	de	meekness, humility
ootmoedig	a		meek, humble
martyrologium	n	het · mv. martyrologia	martyrology (list of martyrs; hagiography about a martyr)
martyrologie	n	de/het · mv. martyrologieën	martyrology (list of martyrs; hagiography about a martyr)
barbieren	v	barbierde – gebarbierd	to shave (typically shaving someone else as a barber)
gezang	n	het · mv. gezangen	song (the act of singing); song (sung piece of music); a hymn
kazuifel	n	de/het · mv. kazuifels	chasuble
metallurgisch	a		metallurgic, metallurgical
landtong	n	de · mv. landtongen	spit of land, headland
luistervink	n	de · mv. luistervinken	eavesdropper
blowen	v	blowde – geblowd	to smoke weed
dashcam	n	de · mv. dashcams	dashcam
linken	v	linkte – gelinkt	to betray; to link a webpage
bitcoin	n	de · mv. bitcoins	bitcoin
moluur	n	de · mv. moluren	decorative moulding that connects ceiling with wall
detineren	v	detineerde – gedetineerd	to detain
allotroop	n	de · mv. allotropen	allotrope
allotroop	a		allotropic
cyclisch	a		cyclic, cyclical
prot	n	de · mv. protten	fart
exemplarisch	a		exemplary
opsouperen	v	soupeerde op – opgesoupeerd	to use up (allowance, quota, etc.); to waste, to run out of (money, etc.); to squander
aftaaien	v	taaide af – afgetaaid	to go away
narcoterrorisme	n	het	narcoterrorism
fijnbos	n	het · mv. fijnbossen	fynbos
Lidewij	m		a female given name
afzei	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afzeggen
afzeide	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afzeggen
afzeidt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afzeggen
Glimmen	m		a village in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
knobbel	n	de · mv. knobbels	knob, knot, lump; an aptitude for something
knobbelzwaan	n	de · mv. knobbelzwanen	mute swan (Cygnus olor)
talenknobbel	n	de · mv. talenknobbels	an aptitude for language, language skill
energiearm	a		low-energy, not using much energy; low-energy, not providing or generating much energy
atoomklok	n	de · mv. atoomklokken	atomic clock
radioklok	n	de · mv. radioklokken	radio clock
fruiten	v	fruitte – gefruit	to fry in boiling fat (now chiefly of culinary vegetables in small volumes…
unitarisme	n	het	Unitarianism
seculier	a		secular
harnas	n	het · mv. harnassen	protection
pausschap	n	het · mv. pausschappen	papacy, popedom
tegenpaus	n	de · mv. tegenpausen	antipope
chirurgisch	a		surgical
woef	i		woof (sound of a dog barking)
achterin	d		in the back/rear
achterin	p		in the back/rear of
kattenluik	n	het · mv. kattenluiken	cat flap
Schilling	m		a surname
finaal	a		final
finaal	d		totally, completely
blindengeleidehond	n	de · mv. blindengeleidehonden	guide dog
galvanisch	a		galvanic
vastknopen	v	knoopte vast – vastgeknoopt	to attach or secure with a knot
hiertoe	d		to this, hereto; to this end
achtennegentig	u		ninety-eight
driehonderd	u		three hundred
vierhonderd	u		four hundred
zevenhonderd	u		seven hundred
achthonderd	u		eight hundred
negenhonderd	u		nine hundred
tweeduizend	u		two thousand
drieduizend	u		three thousand
vierduizend	u		four thousand
zevenduizend	u		seven thousand
negenduizend	u		nine thousand
tienduizend	u		ten thousand
elfduizend	u		eleven thousand
twaalfduizend	u		twelve thousand
paddentrek	n	de · mv. paddentrekken	the yearly migration of toads to a nearby pool to reproduce; toad migration
hoofdwerker	n	de · mv. hoofdwerkers	white collar worker
motorisch	a		motoric
toeleiding	n	de · mv. toeleidingen	channeling or guidance towards a certain organization
toeleiden	n	mv. leiden toe	to induce
eilandbewoner	n	de · mv. eilandbewoners	islander
Kaat	m		a female given name
priem	n	de · mv. priemen	bodkin, awl; punch, piercer; squeezing mandrel
kastwoord	n	het · mv. kastwoorden	preposition
Look	m		a hamlet in Rijssen-Holten, Overijssel, Netherlands
uitspraakwoordenboek	n	het · mv. uitspraakwoordenboeken	pronunciation dictionary
moedertaalspreker	n	de · mv. moedertaalsprekers	native speaker
niet-moedertaalspreker	n	de · mv. niet-moedertaalsprekers	non-native speaker
nablijven	v	bleef na – nagebleven	to stay behind (remain after class, as punishment)
nablijven	n	het	detention
ahorn	n	de · mv. ahornen	maple, tree of the genus Acer
dorpsgek	n	de · mv. dorpsgekken	village idiot
Kalimantan	m		Kalimantan (a region in Southeast Asia; the Indonesian part of the island of…
achteruitkijkspiegel	n	de · mv. achteruitkijkspiegels	rear-view mirror
monddood	n		silenced, (made) unable to communicate one's thoughts
rompstaat	n	de · mv. rompstaten	rump state
aanhef	n	de · mv. aanheffen	opening words; salutation (of letter); the strike up of a piece of music
hyacint	n	de · mv. hyacinten	hyacinth (plant of the genus Hyacinthus)
grachtengordel	n	de · mv. grachtengordels	canal belt; used mostly to refer to canal system of Amsterdam, and to lesser…; alleged abode of the elite
ongelijk	a		unequal, different; uneven, rough, bumpy
ongelijk	n	het	wrongness
bejaard	a		elderly
schoktoestand	n	de · mv. schoktoestanden	state of shock
drassig	a		marshy, boggy, swampy, morassy
moerassig	a		morassy, swampy, marshy, boggy
krottenwijk	n	de · mv. krottenwijken	slum
warmoes	n	de/het	chard (Beta vulgaris var. vulgaris or Beta vulgaris var. cicla)
kastijden	v	kastijdde – gekastijd	to castigate, chastise, punish
Cocytus	m		Cocytus (river in Hades)
volproppen	v	propte vol – volgepropt	to stuff full, to pack full
proppen	v	propte – gepropt	to stuff, to pack
lurken	v	lurkte – gelurkt	to slurp; to lurk
gewonde	n	de · mv. gewonden	casualty, a wounded (person)
somwijlen	d		sometimes
oeros	n	de · mv. oerossen	aurochs
vrijster	n	de · mv. vrijsters	female lover, female friend; bachelorette; old spinster, old maid (“oude vrijster”)
meinedig	a		perjurious; treacherous
afzetgebied	n	het · mv. afzetgebieden	market (geographical area where a certain commercial demand exist), sales…
handvest	n	het · mv. handvesten	charter (document creating a public or private institution); manifesto
ontfutselen	v	ontfutselde – ontfutseld	to winkle out, wheedle, obtain with difficulty (through trickery or cajoling)
lichtknop	n	de · mv. lichtknoppen	light switch
seclusie	n	de · mv. seclusies	seclusion
onfeilbaar	a		infallible
blindelings	d		blindly, with eyes closed
sarcopenie	n	de	gradual age-related loss of skeletal muscle; sarcopenia
spierverlies	n	het	sarcopenia
spierversterken	v		to strengthen one's muscles
spierversterken	n	het	muscle strengthening
pakweg	d		about, roughly, approximately, circa, to the tune of
plusminus	d		plus or minus; about, roughly, approximately, circa
gewiekst	a		smart, sly, cunning, clever
onhebbelijk	a		rude, showing bad manners
verwijtbaar	a		culpable, blameworthy
hebzucht	n	de	greed, avarice
internettoegang	n	de · mv. internettoegangen	Internet access
rins	a		mildly or pleasantly sour
samenvallen	v	viel samen – samengevallen	to coincide
koepelorganisatie	n	de · mv. koepelorganisaties	umbrella organisation
popelen	v	popelde – gepopeld	to be eager and impatient; to itch to do something
meedogenloos	a		ruthless, merciless
beetnemen	v	nam beet – beetgenomen	to fool, to trick in a playful way
schrinken	v	schronk – geschronken	to shrink
gerei	n	het	equipment, tools, utensils
kwakkelweer	n	het · mv. kwakkelweren	unsteady, rainy weather
neerdaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neerdalen
neerdale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of neerdalen
neerdaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neerdalen
beetnaamt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of beetnemen
beetneem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of beetnemen
beetneemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of beetnemen
beetneme	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of beetnemen
beetname	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of beetnemen
beetnam	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of beetnemen
desem	n	het	sourdough
spouw	n	de · mv. spouwen	an air gap, a cavity (e.g. in a cavity wall)
nederdaalt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nederdalen
nederdale	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of nederdalen
nederdaal	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nederdalen
uitholt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uithollen
uithol	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of uithollen
uitholle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of uithollen
afvroegt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of afvragen
afvrage	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afvragen
afvraagt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afvragen
afvroege	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of afvragen
afvroeg	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of afvragen
afvraag	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afvragen
grijsrijde	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of grijsrijden
grijsrijdt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of grijsrijden
grijsreed	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of grijsrijden
grijsreedt	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of grijsrijden
grijsrede	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of grijsrijden
grijsrijd	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of grijsrijden
inliete	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of inlaten
inlaat	n	de · mv. inlaten	intake (place where water, air etc are taken in)
inlaat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
inliet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of inlaten
aanklop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aankloppen
aanklopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aankloppen
aankloppe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aankloppen
aanvrate	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of aanvreten
aanvrat	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanvreten
aanvrete	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aanvreten
aanvreet	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
afschrikt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afschrikken
afschrikke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of afschrikken
vastknoopt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vastknopen
vastknope	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of vastknopen
vastknoop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of vastknopen
deemoedig	a		humble, modest, meek
doorstreept	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorstrepen
doorstrepe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of doorstrepen
doorstreep	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of doorstrepen
incheck	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inchecken
incheckt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inchecken
inchecke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of inchecken
neerploft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neerploffen
neerploffe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of neerploffen
neerplof	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of neerploffen
opschept	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opscheppen
opscheppe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opscheppen
opschep	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opscheppen
opsoupeer	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opsouperen
opsoupeert	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opsouperen
opsoupere	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of opsouperen
veest	n	de · mv. veesten	fart, trump, fist; flatus
nablijf	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nablijven
nablijve	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of nablijven
nableef	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of nablijven
nablijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of nablijven
nableeft	v		second-person (gij) singular dependent-clause past indicative of nablijven
nableve	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of nablijven
volpropt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of volproppen
volproppe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of volproppen
volprop	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of volproppen
aftaaie	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of aftaaien
aftaai	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aftaaien
aftaait	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aftaaien
panisch	a		panic
doodbliksemen	v	bliksemde dood – doodgebliksemd	to kill by lightning; to kill by electricity, a powerful flash of light, or anything else…
Dodendraad	m		the Wire of Death: the lethal electric fence that was placed along the…
elektriciteitsdraad	n	de · mv. elektriciteitsdraden	electric wire
krachtstroom	n	de	three-phase electric power; three-phase electric current
androgyn	a		androgynous
maagdelijk	a		virgin
appreciëren	v	apprecieerde – geapprecieerd	to appreciate
transitie	n	de · mv. transities	transition
vliegenier	n	de · mv. vliegeniers	aviator
oppervlaktespanning	n	de · mv. oppervlaktespanningen	surface tension
diedenweg	n	de · mv. diedenwegen	prehistoric road
anderstalig	a		relating to another language; speaking another language
prikkelbaarheid	n	de	irritability
prikkelbaar	a		irritable
ijzerenheinig	a		imperturbable
melkkoe	n	de · mv. melkkoeien	milch cow, dairy cow; cash cow
speldje	n	het · mv. speldjes	pin (jewellery), brooch (jewellery)
speld	n	de · mv. spelden	a pin (fastening device); a brooch
beugel	n	de · mv. beugels	stay, brace, bracket, prop, support; dental braces; hinged clamp
oneerbiedig	a		disrespectful, irreverent, unceremonious
eerbiedig	a		respectful, courteous, well-mannered
verwonderlijk	a		rousing wonder; amazing, astonishing, surprising, curious
verbluffend	a		amazing, astonishing
goor	a		dirty, filthy, disgusting
wreken	v	wreekte – gewroken	to (take) revenge, to avenge, to take vengeance; to punish
toornig	a		outraged, ireful, wrathful
slagschip	n	het · mv. slagschepen	battleship
kuw	n	de · mv. kuwen	jaw; gill
cupcakemama	n	de · mv. cupcakemama's	a woman who has sacrificed her successful career to spend more time on…
ontplooien	v	ontplooide – ontplooid	to unfold, to unfurl; to develop, to evolve; to expand
terugplooien	v	plooide terug – teruggeplooid	to contract, to roll back, to retire
moestuin	n	de · mv. moestuinen	vegetable garden, kitchen garden
naaiboek	n	het · mv. naaiboeken	sewing book, sewing pattern book
saamhorigheid	n	de	affinity, fellowship, community feeling, solidarity
gemeenschapszin	n	de	community feeling, sense of community
grondvesten	n		foundations, basis
grondvesten	v	grondvestte – gegrondvest	to found, establish, to form a basis
massagebed	n	het · mv. massagebedden	massage bed; mass prayer (prayer in a large group)
dijkramp	n	de · mv. dijkrampen	disaster involving damage to or collapse of a dyke
kwartslaag	n	de · mv. kwartslagen	quartz stratum
kwartslag	n	de · mv. kwartslagen	quarter turn (90 degrees)
vuurwerkramp	n	de · mv. vuurwerkrampen	fireworks disaster (usually in reference to the Enschede fireworks disaster)
Vercammen	m		a surname
hogedrukpan	n	de · mv. hogedrukpannen	pressure cooker
snelkookpan	n	de · mv. snelkookpannen	pressure cooker
Tsjetsjenië	m		Chechnya (a republic and federal subject of Russia, in the northern Caucasus)
Tsjetsjeen	n	de · mv. Tsjetsjenen	Chechen person
Tsjetsjeense	n	de · mv. Tsjetsjeensen	Chechen woman
omgangstaal	n	de · mv. omgangstalen	everyday speech, vernacular
bougeren	v	bougeerde – gebougeerd	to move, to budge
freineren	v	freineerde – gefreineerd	to brake
tegengif	n	het · mv. tegengiffen	antidote
vangtand	n	de · mv. vangtanden	fang
diergaarde	n	de · mv. diergaarden	zoo
moetje	n	het · mv. moetjes	a shotgun wedding (marriage contracted to legitimise a premarital pregnancy); a must, especially something that is necessary but not desired (necessity)
luchtschip	n	het · mv. luchtschepen	airship
ruimtehaven	n	de · mv. ruimtehavens	spaceport
vlieghaven	n	de · mv. vlieghavens	airport
kween	n	de · mv. kwenen	barren hermaphrodite cow, mostly female with male traits; (by extension) any…
knokkel	n	de · mv. knokkels	finger-joint; knuckle
vertroosten	v	vertroostte – vertroost	to console
trooster	n	de · mv. troosters	consoler
bovenwerkelijk	a		surreal
surreëel	a		surreal
bovenwerkelijkheid	n	de	surrealness; surreality
surrealisme	n	het	surrealism
opzienbarend	a		sensational, spectacular, remarkable
hechting	n	de · mv. hechtingen	act of binding or stitching; stitch
vrouwe	n	de · mv. vrouwen	noblewoman; esteemed woman
lindeboom	n	de · mv. lindebomen	linden tree, tree of the genus Tilia
desgevraagd	d		when requested, upon request
dienstbode	n	de · mv. dienstboden	servant; maidservant
veem	n	het · mv. vemen	a place where goods are stored; warehouse
ondoordringbaar	a		impenetrable, inaccessible, impregnable, unassailable
xanthaangom	n	de	xanthan gum (E415)
slopje	n	het · mv. slopjes	alleyway
sloppenwijk	n	de · mv. sloppenwijken	shantytown, slum
klaterlach	n	de · mv. klaterlachen	hearty laughter
gebladerte	n	het	foliage
Dam	m		a hamlet in Gennep, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
eindkrak	m		Big Crunch
lezeres	n	de · mv. lezeressen	female reader
nieuwslezeres	n	de · mv. nieuwslezeressen	a female news anchor, a female newscaster
bovenarm	n	de · mv. bovenarmen	upper arm
huidkanker	n	de	skin cancer
oudgediende	n	de · mv. oudgedienden	veteran; old-timer
sikkepit	n	de	very little, next to nothing
tuinpak	n	het · mv. tuinpakken	dungarees, overalls, jumpsuit
afrijten	v	reet af – afgereten	to tear a small(er) part away from a whole
afschudden	v	schudde af – afgeschud	to shake off (literal sense); to shake (off), to rid oneself of a pursuer
mede-oprichter	n	de · mv. mede-oprichters	cofounder, founding member
troonswisseling	n	de · mv. troonswisselingen	a change of monarch
beschutten	v	beschutte – beschut	to protect, to provide cover, to shield
slenk	n	de · mv. slenken	graben; small meandering salt-water inlet: creek; naturally-formed trench filled with water
remontada	n	de · mv. remontada's	comeback
werphout	n	het · mv. werphouten	throwing stick
gehaktmolen	n	de · mv. gehaktmolens	meatgrinder, mincer (kitchen appliance for meat mincing)
Andries	m		a male given name; an alternative form of Andreas
opgroeien	v	groeide op – opgegroeid	to grow up, to spend childhood
omstander	n	de · mv. omstanders	bystander
pleuren	v	pleurde – gepleurd	to fling or hurl, to throw forcefully; to insert with force; to plunge, to fall with noise
sleuf	n	de · mv. sleuven	slit (narrow cut or opening; a slot); any long, narrow opening: trench, etc
sleufmachine	n	de · mv. sleufmachines	disc cutter (handheld power tool, similar in construction to an angle…; wall chaser (handheld power tool)
paragnost	n	de · mv. paragnosten	clairvoyant
sneu	a		pitiful, pathetic, sad; disappointed
sneu	d		pitiful, pathetic, sad; disappointed
sneu	n	de · mv. sneuen	any of the branch lines with baited hooks off a longline ("beug"); snood,…
voortduren	v	duurde voort – voortgeduurd	to continue, to persist
liefdadigheid	n	de · mv. liefdadigheden	charity
steenolie	n	de	petroleum, rock oil
peterolie	n	de	petroleum
afzwakken	v	zwakte af – afgezwakt	to weaken; to subside, to quiet down, to slow down; to relax (requirement or rule)
islamologie	n	de	Islamic studies, Islamology (study of Islam, from a secular academic…
klotsen	v	klotste – geklotst	to slosh, to splash noisily
desgewenst	d		if desired, when wished for, optionally
purisme	n	het	purism
poespas	n	de · mv. poespassen	fuss, ado, hubbub
verweven	v	verweefde – verweven	to interweave
duppie	n	het · mv. duppies	dubbeltje
Sprachbund	n	de · mv. Sprachbunde	sprachbund
lensklep	n	de · mv. lenskleppen	lens cap; retractable lens cover
redelijkerwijs	d		reasonably
ploegendienst	n	de · mv. ploegendiensten	shift (work schedule)
volcontinu	d		twenty-four seven (work schedule of an organisation or group within one)
ronselen	v	ronselde – geronseld	to recruit (e.g. for military service or criminal activities)
spiksplinter	a		spick-and-span
jeneverbes	n	de · mv. jeneverbessen	a juniper tree; tree of the genus Juniperus; common juniper (Juniperus communis)
vorderen	v	vorderde – gevorderd	to progress, advance, to bring forward; to demand, to claim, requisition
bijkeuken	n	de · mv. bijkeukens	a room near the kitchen; a scullery, a storeroom for the kitchen
desinteresse	n	de	disinterest (lack of interest)
onteigenen	v	onteigende – onteigend	to expropriate, to exercise an act of eminent domain/compulsory…
eenzaat	n	de · mv. eenzaten	loner; hermit, monastic recluse
gezichtsbedrog	n	het	optical illusion
kruisribgewelf	n	het · mv. kruisribgewelven	ribbed vault
tongewelf	n	het · mv. tongewelven	a barrel vault
kruisgewelf	n	het · mv. kruisgewelven	a cross vault
kloostergewelf	n	het · mv. kloostergewelven	a cloister vault
forensisme	n	het	commuting
roofvogelnest	n	het · mv. roofvogelnesten	nest of a bird of prey; eyrie
schapenstal	n	de · mv. schapenstallen	sheepfold
radicalisering	n	de · mv. radicaliseringen	radicalization
afstrijken	v	streek af – afgestreken	to strike (a match, to attempt to ignite it); to rub out
broeikasgasuitstoot	n	de	greenhouse gas emissions
lospeuteren	v	peuterde los – losgepeuterd	to pick loose, pry loose; to winkle out, wheedle
taalkloof	n	de · mv. taalkloven	language barrier
sperzieboon	n	de · mv. sperziebonen	a variety of green bean (Phaseolus vulgaris), with seeds that have not fully…
Ried	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
kroonlijst	n	de · mv. kroonlijsten	cornice
climacterisch	a		climactic
somberen	v	somberde – gesomberd	to be a pessimist, to express a somber opinion
overgieten	v	goot over – overgegoten	to decant, to pour (from one vessel to another); to cover (with a liquid)
travo	n	de · mv. travo's	synonym of travestiet
isidium	n	het · mv. isidiën	isidium
behoeftig	a		needy, poor
afnemer	n	de · mv. afnemers	customer, client, buyer (of goods or services); buyer, purchaser, one who is busy with procurement professionally
puntstuk	n	het · mv. puntstukken	frog
inhuren	v	huurde in – ingehuurd	to hire (workforce, etc.); to rent (obtain temporary possession of an object in exchange for money)
wielen	v		to turn, rotate
Wiel	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
spookrijder	n	de · mv. spookrijders	wrong-way driver, ghost driver; a person who drives on the wrong side of the…
onthulling	n	de · mv. onthullingen	disclosure, revelation, exposure; unveiling
boodschappentas	n	de · mv. boodschappentassen	shopping bag
mafketel	n	de · mv. mafketels	a weirdo, goofball, nutjob
mafkees	n	de · mv. mafkezen	weirdo, goofball, nutjob
Veen	m		a village and former municipality of Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands; a surname
passioneel	a		passionate, enthusiastic
hamvraag	n	de · mv. hamvragen	million-dollar question (the final, critical or most important question, the…
hoofdrekenen	v	hoofdrekende – gehoofdrekend	to do mental arithmetic
bovenbuik	n	de · mv. bovenbuiken	the upper part of the abdominal cavity, epigastrium
sleutelkoord	n	de/het · mv. sleutelkoorden	lanyard
houwtouw	n	het · mv. houwtouwen	lanyard
minutenlang	d		for minutes (on end)
minutenlang	a		lasting minutes, minuteslong
kinderziekte	n	de · mv. kinderziekten	childhood disease; teething troubles; a problem that arises with something new and relatively…
klak	n	de · mv. klakken	baseball cap or such kind of headdress
raadgever	n	de · mv. raadgevers	advisor
katvanger	n	de · mv. katvangers	nominal owner of a vehicle, organisation or bank account, who was put there…
gedag	n	het	a goodbye, adieu, farewell
toereikend	a		sufficient, adequate, satisfactory
ontoereikend	a		insufficient, inadequate, unsatisfactory
hobbelpaard	n	het · mv. hobbelpaarden	rocking horse
schrijfberd	n	het · mv. schrijfberden	desk
dracht	n	de · mv. drachten	the act of bearing or wearing something; type of clothing that is typical for a time period or function; state of pregnancy
scheepsmast	n	de · mv. scheepsmasten	mast (pole used to hold a ship's sails)
jagermast	n	de · mv. jagermasten	jiggermast
bezaansmast	n	de · mv. bezaansmasten	mizzenmast
kruismast	n	de · mv. kruismasten	the third mast on a ship
druil	n	de · mv. druilen	druilmast; the sail on a druilmast; one who plods, works sluggishly
druilmast	n	de · mv. druilmasten	the second mast on a ship with two masts when the first mast is taller
hoofdmast	n	de · mv. hoofdmasten	the third mast of a ship with more than three masts
afkoeling	n	de	cooling down, cooling off (act or process of making/becoming cooler)
oorlogsmisdaad	n	de · mv. oorlogsmisdaden	war crime
bewijslast	n	de	burden of proof, onus
ziekenhuisopname	n	de · mv. ziekenhuisopnamen	admission to a hospital; hospitalization
sjoe	n	de · mv. sjoes	darling (also as form of address)
vastberaden	a		resolute, determined
oubollig	d		old-fashioned, dated, anachronistic; corny
Habakuk	m		Habakkuk
binnenstebuiten	d		inside out
zenuwachtig	a		nervous
hallucinatie	n	de · mv. hallucinaties	hallucination
hallucineren	v	hallucineerde – gehallucineerd	to hallucinate
waanbeeld	n	het · mv. waanbeelden	delusion; illusion, hallucination
hersenschim	n	de · mv. hersenschimmen	phantom, delusion, chimera, figment of the imagination
schim	n	de · mv. schimmen	shadow; apparition, ghost
schimmig	a		shadowy, shady; hidden, obscure, furtive; untrustworthy, dodgy
schemeren	v	schemerde – geschemerd	to be dusky, to be in twilight
boerkaverbod	n	het · mv. boerkaverboden	burqa ban, ban on wearing a burqa
lijfstraf	n	de · mv. lijfstraffen	corporal punishment
wede	n	de · mv. weden	twig, especially of an oak or willow; a plant of species Isatis tinctoria (woad or dyer's woad); blue dye from the woad plant
wereldmacht	n	de · mv. wereldmachten	world power
verdonkeremanen	v	verdonkeremaande – verdonkeremaand	to hide, to cover up; to steal, to embezzle
geluksvogel	n	de · mv. geluksvogels	lucky dog (someone who is often lucky)
stuurman	n	de · mv. stuurmannen	helmsman
vliegverbod	n	het · mv. vliegverboden	ban from flying
pijpenwisser	n	de · mv. pijpenwissers	pipe cleaner
realiteit	n	de · mv. realiteiten	reality
stootarbeider	n	de · mv. stootarbeiders	udarnik (highly productive Soviet worker)
opwarmen	v	warmde op – opgewarmd	to warm up
zoetzuur	a		sweet-and-sour
schandpaal	n	de · mv. schandpalen	pillory
sneltoets	n	de · mv. sneltoetsen	hotkey, keyboard shortcut
narcoticum	n	het · mv. narcotica	narcotic
sneeuwbol	n	de · mv. sneeuwbollen	snow globe
dikte	n	de	thickness
smeuïg	a		smoothable, bendable; spreadable; racy, exciting, titillating
republikein	n	de · mv. republikeinen	someone who favours a republic as a form of government; a republican; A member of the Republican Party of the United States
verlener	n	de · mv. verleners	provider; giver
zorgverlener	n	de · mv. zorgverleners	healthcare provider (e.g. a company); carer (e.g. a nurse)
gewaarworden	v	werd gewaar – gewaargeworden	to become aware of, to notice
klateren	v	klaterde – geklaterd	to gurgle, to splash
priegelen	v	priegelde – gepriegeld	to fiddle around (with precision, i.e. something small and intricate)
profiteren	v	profiteerde – geprofiteerd	to profit, to benefit
razernij	n	de	rage, fury
eierbal	n	de · mv. eierballen	a type of Scotch egg
vogelnestje	n	het · mv. vogelnestjes	bird's-nest orchid (Neottia nidus-avis); a type of Scotch egg
amechtig	a		short of breath, panting, short-winded; forced, frantic
amechtig	d		in a forced, frantic way
zwadder	n	de	snake venom; eel slime; malicious slander, smear
treiteraar	n	de · mv. treiteraars	a bully
à-vuespel	n	het · mv. à-vuespellen	sight reading
a-capellakoor	n	het · mv. a-capellakoren	a cappella choir
vogelnest	n	het · mv. vogelnesten	birdnest, bird-nest, bird's nest
treiteren	v	treiterde – getreiterd	to bully, to annoy maliciously
a.h.w.	d		as it were; abbreviation of als het ware
bouwvallig	a		dilapidated, ramshackle
Middelengels	m		Middle English, the ancestor language of Modern English spoken between the…
Middelengels	a		Middle English
yellen	v	yelde – geyeld	to cry (e.g. a motto)
rechtdoorzee	a		frank, straightforward, outspoken
War	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
raderen	v	radeerde – geradeerd	to etch
devotielicht	n	het · mv. devotielichten	votive candle
hygge	n	de/het	hygge
schalm	n	de · mv. schalmen	metal ring; part of a chain; a link
schadevreugde	n	de	schadenfreude
herlaadbaar	a		reloadable; rechargeable
saam	d		together
koorde	n	de · mv. koorden	straight line connecting two dots of a curve
braakland	n	het · mv. braaklanden	fallow, fallow land
belastingbetaler	n	de · mv. belastingbetalers	taxpayer
gelieg	n	het	lying
Volkenbond	m		League of Nations
uitstalling	n	de · mv. uitstallingen	sale display, shop display
netwerk	n	het · mv. netwerken	network (system of interconnected narrow elements); network (set of interacting devices); network, netting
reünie	n	de · mv. reünies	reunion
schoenlepel	n	de · mv. schoenlepels	shoehorn
kathodestraal	n	de · mv. kathodestralen	cathode ray
kathodestraalbuis	n	de · mv. kathodestraalbuizen	cathode ray tube
beeldbuis	n	de · mv. beeldbuizen	cathode ray tube; picture tube; a television
kathode	n	de · mv. kathoden	cathode
epifenomeen	n	het · mv. epifenomenen	a secondary phenomenon that occurs alongside or in parallel to a primary…
werdegang	n	de · mv. werdegangen	development process, past evolution; career history
verwoording	n	de · mv. verwoordingen	the choice of words; wording; to articulate something with words
uitspreking	n	de · mv. uitsprekingen	to articulate something with words; articulation
formulering	n	de · mv. formuleringen	the choice of words; wording; to articulate something with words
bijverschijnsel	n	het · mv. bijverschijnselen	epiphenomenon
nevenverschijnsel	n	het · mv. nevenverschijnselen	side effect
bergreus	n	de · mv. bergreuzen	mountain giant; mountain giant in Norse mythology
Etstoel	m		highest court in the Dutch province of Drenthe until 1791
etstoel	n	de · mv. etstoelen	judge's seat; court
zoor	a		dry and coarse
schaatsster	n	de · mv. schaatssters	skater
schoer	n	de/het · mv. schoeren	downpour, heavy rainshower
gevader	n	de · mv. gevaders	godfather
gemoeder	n	de · mv. gemoeders	godmother
gevaderschap	n	de · mv. gevaderschappen	sponsorship; patronage
schijterd	n	de · mv. schijterds	coward, wuss
getweeën	d		by twos
lichtbeeld	n	het · mv. lichtbeelden	slide
kodde	n	de · mv. kodden	club (weapon); penis; tail, esp. of a dog, cat or pig
snufferd	n	de · mv. snufferds	nose
schrijnen	v	schrijnde – geschrijnd	to smart; to sting
snuffen	v	snufte – gesnuft	to snuff
compunctie	n	de · mv. compuncties	remorse
snuf	n	de · mv. snuffen	smell, odor; snuff, sniffle
bouwwoede	n	de	building boom
krachthonk	n	het · mv. krachthonken	a strength training gym; a part in a gym that is focused on strength training; a weight room
honkvast	n		loyal or fixed to a place; unwilling to move to another city or country
pillicht	n	het · mv. pillichten	flashlight
pillamp	n	de · mv. pillampen	flashlight
zeegras	n	het · mv. zeegrassen	eelgrass, plant of the genus Zostera; seaweed
hondstrouw	a		very loyal, lit. “loyal as a dog”
ervaringsfeit	n	het · mv. ervaringsfeiten	fact of experience, empirical fact
apofatisch	a		describing something from what it is not; apophatic
lichtvat	n	het · mv. lichtvaten	lamp, lantern
lichtzwaard	n	het · mv. lichtzwaarden	lightsaber
lichtsabel	n	de · mv. lichtsabels	lightsaber
loopband	n	de · mv. loopbanden	treadmill
smout	n	het · mv. smouten	melted and solidified animal fat; any type of melted and solidified fat; type of melted and solidified lard, often sweetened with sugar or another…
grauwvuur	n	het · mv. grauwvuren	firedamp explosion
appelblauwzeegroen	a		blue green
inactief	a		inactive, idle; suspended from duty, not currently deployed
kledingeis	n	de · mv. kledingeisen	a requirement or demand with respect to the clothes one wears
piekeren	v	piekerde – gepiekerd	to worry, to mull
opluchten	v	luchtte op – opgelucht	to relieve, to reassure from worries
slaapfeest	n	het · mv. slaapfeesten	slumber party, sleepover
daags	d		daily, per day
palen	v	paalde – gepaald	to mark or enclose with posts; to border; to bang, to fuck
geiser	n	de · mv. geisers	geyser; boiler, water heater
suborde	n	de · mv. suborden	synonym of onderorde
veegte	n	de · mv. veegten	enmity
schenenschopper	n	de · mv. schenenschoppers	lit. someone who kicks the shins of another; harsh and controversial critic
halfpijp	n	de · mv. halfpijpen	halfpipe
langboog	n	de · mv. langbogen	longbow
Sranantongo	m		Sranan Tongo
roggebrood	n	het · mv. roggebroden	rye bread; a loaf of rye bread
Gorinchem	m		Gorinchem (a city and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands)
grauwheid	n	de · mv. grauwheden	grayness, greyness; monotony; gloom
spierversterking	n	de · mv. spierversterkingen	anything that strengthens the muscle; muscle strengthening; an exercise that strengthens the muscle
luiertijd	n	de · mv. luiertijden	diaperhood; a pleasant period of time in which no work or study has to be done; vacation
regeerzucht	n	de	pathological desire to govern
heerszucht	n	de	pathological desire to rule
blaasje	n	het · mv. blaasjes	blister; pimple; vesicle
kraamzorg	n	de · mv. kraamzorgen	maternity care
meuren	v	meurde – gemeurd	to sleep; to reek, to stink; to fart
zelfmoordpoging	n	de · mv. zelfmoordpogingen	a suicide attempt, an attempted suicide
spreuk	n	de · mv. spreuken	proverb, adage, saying; sentence; conjuration, incantation
spekbuik	n	de · mv. spekbuiken	a belly with an excess of subcutaneous fat; a potbelly
bierbuik	n	de · mv. bierbuiken	a belly with an excess of subcutaneous fat, often blamed to excess…; someone with a beer belly
doorlaatpost	n	de · mv. doorlaatposten	checkpoint
voorbeurs	a		before the opening of the stock exchange
nabeurs	a		after the closing of the stock exchange
raming	n	de · mv. ramingen	an estimate, particularly a budget estimate or forecast
wroegen	v	wroegde – gewroegd	to blame
wrijten	v	wreet – gewreten	to argue, quarrel
langwijlig	a		longwinded; boring
wijl	n	de · mv. wijlen	a short period; a while; veil for women
wijl	c		when; while (time aspect); while (contradiction)
gisterjaar	n	het · mv. gisterjaren	yesteryear
voorbije	n	het	a time gone by; the past
vervlogene	n	het	a time gone by; the past
reling	n	de · mv. relingen	rail (a horizontal bar)
kindermoord	n	de · mv. kindermoorden	infanticide
kindmoord	n	de · mv. kindmoorden	infanticide
kinderdoding	n	de · mv. kinderdodingen	infanticide
kinddoding	n	de · mv. kinddodingen	infanticide
aandrift	n	de · mv. aandriften	the force with which something is being driven; an impulse; the drive to act, especially by an inner feeling
sneeuwduin	n	de · mv. sneeuwduinen	snowdrift
sneeuwbank	n	de · mv. sneeuwbanken	snowdrift
sneeuwdrift	n	de · mv. sneeuwdriften	snowdrift
aandrang	n	de · mv. aandrangen	urge, inclination; insistance, urging
jaarboek	n	het · mv. jaarboeken	yearbook; annals, chronicle
waarnen	n	mv. waarnen	to warn
waarning	n	de · mv. waarningen	warning
egaal	a		equal; even, smooth, level; consistent, homogeneous, constant
afrekenen	v	rekende af – afgerekend	to pay (a purchase, an owed amount); to settle; to kill
piekdrinken	v		to binge drink
waardschap	n	het	profession of innkeeping; innkeeping; a meal for guests
levenloos	a		lifeless, dead; lifeless, inanimate; listless
smoutebol	n	de · mv. smoutebollen	an oliebol-like treat, deep-fried in lard; an oliebol
steenpapier	n	het · mv. steenpapieren	a type of paper manufactured from calcium carbonate mixed with a high…
prijsgeven	v	gaf prijs – prijsgegeven	to surrender, to give up; to disclose, to reveal
naamwaarde	n	de · mv. naamwaarden	face value; worth of one's name
toonwaarde	n	de · mv. toonwaarden	the fluid distinction in color shades between the lightest and darkest part…
oorlof	n	de · mv. oorloven	furlough; permission; vacation
oorlof	i		farewell, goodbye
dwaallicht	n	het · mv. dwaallichten	will o' the wisp
zwamp	n	de · mv. zwampen	swamp, marsh, fen
zomp	n	de · mv. zompen	swamp; trough
zwelten	v	zwolt – gezwolten	to die; to succumb to injury or illness; to die in miserable circumstances
graaien	v	graaide – gegraaid	to grab, to snatch, to grabble
dieselauto	n	de · mv. dieselauto's	a diesel car
steppenroller	n	de · mv. steppenrollers	tumbleweed
hooiduivel	n	het · mv. hooiduivels	hay devil
stofhoos	n	de · mv. stofhozen	dust devil
stofduivel	n	de · mv. stofduivels	dust devil
ribfluweel	n	het	corduroy
barnsteen	n	de · mv. barnstenen	an amber stone, a fossil resin; the material of a fossil resin
barnsteengeel	a		amber (colour)
barnsteengeel	n	het	amber (colour)
kruippak	n	het · mv. kruippakken	romper, onesie
moerasboot	n	de · mv. moerasboten	airboat
drasland	n	het · mv. draslanden	wetland, marshland
rolprent	n	de · mv. rolprenten	film, movie
aviofobie	n	de	fear of flying, aviophobia
buitenvrouw	n	de · mv. buitenvrouwen	a woman one is romantically involved with in addition to one's primary…; a woman from the countryside
stofkam	n	de · mv. stofkammen	a very fine-toothed comb
boemeltrein	n	de · mv. boemeltreinen	local train, commuter train, train that calls at every stop
ontheffing	n	de · mv. ontheffingen	exemption
ontheffen	v	onthief – ontheven	to exonerate (free from an obligation, responsibility or task); to absolve; to exempt or to make an exemption
slapte	n	de · mv. slaptes	slackness
slijmen	v	slijmde – geslijmd	to suck up to a person, brownnose
snuiftabakje	n	het	a portion of snuff
sociologe	n	de · mv. sociologen	female sociologist
speechen	v	speechte – gespeecht	to hold a speech, to have an address
Somalische	n	de · mv. Somalischen	female Somali
smartegeld	n	het · mv. smartegelden	solatium
kachtel	n	het · mv. kachtels	foal
zwemkelle	n	de · mv. zwemkellen	flood pool
vloedzwembad	n	het · mv. vloedzwembaden	flood pool
kelle	n	de · mv. kellen	a lake or pool that remains on shore at low-tide
voetman	n	de · mv. voetmannen	footman, infanterist
voetknecht	n	de · mv. voetknechten	footman, infanterist
snuwen	v	snuwde – gesnuwd	to snow
blijeinde	n	het · mv. blijeindes	happy ending
schellekoord	n	de · mv. schellekoorden	bellpull
holoniem	n	het · mv. holoniemen	a term that denotes a whole whose part is denoted by another term, such as…
holoniem	a		holonymous
schouderblad	n	het · mv. schouderbladen	shoulderblade
onheimelijk	a		eerie, creepy; unfamiliar, uncommon; hostile
pentagoon	n	het · mv. pentagonen	pentagon
coulrofobie	n	de	coulrophobia
coprolalie	n	de	coprolalia
sluiting	n	de · mv. sluitingen	closure; lock
klafter	n	de · mv. klafters	a measure of length corresponding to the outstretched arms; fathom
Rigters	m		a surname
spinnekop	n	de · mv. spinnekoppen	spider
bergreeks	n	de · mv. bergreeksen	mountain range
bokse	n	de · mv. boksen	a pair of wide trousers
opperarm	n	de · mv. opperarmen	upper arm
armbuigspier	n	de · mv. armbuigspieren	biceps brachii
buigspier	n	de · mv. buigspieren	flexor
belgitude	n	de · mv. belgitudes	the concept of Belgian national identity, often formulated in a…
haakvormig	n		unciform
dampvormig	a		vaporous
bijnier	n	de · mv. bijnieren	adrenal gland
bijgebouw	n	het · mv. bijgebouwen	outbuilding
melkweg	n	de	galaxy
wichelares	n	de · mv. wichelaressen	female fortuneteller
wichelaarster	n	de · mv. wichelaarsters	female fortuneteller
Visser	m		a surname originating as an occupation, meaning fisherman
evenaren	v	evenaarde – geëvenaard	to match, to equal or surpass in quality or achievement
wegwaaien	v	waaide weg – weggewaaid	to be blown away by the wind
rechtuit	a		straightforward
dertigste	a		thirtieth
negentigste	a		ninetieth
honderdste	a		hundredth
accordeonfile	n	de · mv. accordeonfiles	heavy stop-and-start traffic
maaiveld	n	het · mv. maaivelden	the average or mean height of a piece of land
huisman	n	de · mv. huislieden	a free commoner; a pater familias; a male homemaker
antiheld	n	de · mv. antihelden	antihero (male or of unspecified gender)
antiheldin	n	de · mv. antiheldinnen	female antihero
boogbrug	n	de · mv. boogbruggen	arch bridge
vierhoek	n	de · mv. vierhoeken	quadrilateral
pikaks	n	de · mv. pikaksen	pickax
pikhouweel	n	het · mv. pikhouwelen	pickaxe
gevogelte	n	het	Aves; fowl, poultry
bliksemstraal	n	de · mv. bliksemstralen	lightning bolt
kolf	n	de · mv. kolven	the blunt end of something; rifle butt, stock; flask with a narrow neck and a wide base
bergafwaarts	d		downhill, down a (mountain) slope; towards a worse situation; downhill
afwaarts	d		downwards, towards what is below; downwards, towards a lower figure or amount
inleven	v	leefde in – ingeleefd	to put oneself into somebody else's place, to put oneself in someone's…; to project oneself into a situation, the past
stroken	v	strookte – gestrookt	to match, fit together, be in agreement
azijnzuur	n	het	acetic acid
stropen	v	stroopte – gestroopt	to poach (to hunt illegally); to plunder, to maraud; to flay, to skin (to peel the skin from)
statutair	a		statutory
koningmaker	n	de · mv. koningmakers	kingmaker
ijverzucht	n	de	jealousy
alkalimetaal	n	het · mv. alkalimetalen	alkali metal
vuurzucht	n	de	pyromania
steelzucht	n	de	kleptomania
hemdsmouwen	n		in the fixed expression in hemdsmouwen
tatoeëring	n	de · mv. tatoeëringen	tattoo
wonderbaar	a		wonderful; marvelous; miraculous
wonderlijk	a		miraculous, amazing; strange, odd, curious
wondervol	a		wonderful
kolere	n	de	cholera
kolere	i		damn! "What the fuck?"
berig	a		on heat, in oestrus (of sows)
gehorig	a		obedient; being easy to hear the noises in the neighbouring rooms or buildings; noisy,…
walnotenboom	n	de · mv. walnotenbomen	walnut tree (a deciduous tree of the genus Juglans)
mirakel	n	het · mv. mirakels	miracle
tennisspeelster	n	de · mv. tennisspeelsters	female tennis player
kastanjebruin	a		auburn
textieltje	n	het · mv. textieltjes	garment
jongeman	n	de · mv. jongemannen	a young man
toelating	n	de · mv. toelatingen	admission
carmovirus	n	het · mv. carmovirussen	any virus of the genus Carmovirus
opperman	n	de · mv. opperlui	hodman
bezinksel	n	het · mv. bezinksels	dregs, sediment (sediment settled at the bottom of a liquid)
bezinken	v	bezonk – bezonken	to precipitate (to come out of a liquid solution into solid form)
toevoeren	v	voerde toe – toegevoerd	to supply
dwergin	n	de · mv. dwerginnen	a female dwarf
respectabel	a		respectable, deserving respect
respectloos	a		disrespectful
Vasse	m		a village in Tubbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
toewijzing	n	de · mv. toewijzingen	ascription
nulsomspel	n	het · mv. nulsomspellen	zero-sum game
boogschutster	n	de · mv. boogschutsters	archeress
inbeelden	v	beeldde in – ingebeeld	to imagine, to envisage
kogelbrief	n	de · mv. kogelbrieven	a threatening letter containing a bullet
microplastic	n	het · mv. microplastics	microplastic
bosrijk	a		heavily wooded
volksetymologisch	a		folk-etymological, pertaining to folk etymology (modification of a word or…; folk-etymological, pertaining to folk etymology (incorrect etymology based…
taxonoom	n	de · mv. taxonomen	taxonomist
taxonomisch	a		taxonomic
albiet	n	het	albite
betaalmuur	n	de · mv. betaalmuren	paywall (the mechanism on a website that provides certain content only to…
vuurmuur	n	de · mv. vuurmuren	a fireplace; a wall of fire; firewall
salonfähig	a		salonfähig
Haaren	m		a village and former municipality of Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
kinine	n	de	quinine
Hoogduits	m		High German (languages and dialects that have undergone the High German…
Hoogduits	a		High German
Vroegnieuwhoogduits	m		Early New High German
Vroegnieuwhoogduits	a		Early New High German
Nieuwhoogduits	m		New High German
Nieuwhoogduits	a		New High German
klankverschuiving	n	de · mv. klankverschuivingen	sound change, sound shift
Nieuwnederlands	m		Modern Dutch (stage of the Dutch language spoken in modern times, 1500 is a…
Nieuwnederlands	a		Modern Dutch
Vroegnieuwnederlands	m		early modern Dutch
Vroegnieuwnederlands	a		early modern Dutch
Nieuwengels	m		Modern English
Nieuwengels	a		Modern English
Vroegnieuwengels	m		Early Modern English
Vroegnieuwengels	a		Early Modern English
Montenegrijns	a		Montenegrin, of Montenegro (or its language)
Montenegrijns	m		Montenegrin (language)
Oergermaans	m		Proto-Germanic
Oergermaans	a		Proto-Germanic
Oerindoeuropees	m		Proto-Indo-European
Oerindoeuropees	a		Proto-Indo-European
Proto-Indo-Europees	m		Proto-Indo-European
Proto-Indo-Europees	a		Proto-Indo-European
Proto-Germaans	m		Proto-Germanic
Proto-Germaans	a		Proto-Germanic
Oudnoords	m		Old Norse
Oudnoords	a		Old Norse
Oudoostnoords	m		Old East Norse
Oudoostnoords	a		Old East Norse
Oudwestnoords	m		Old West Norse
Oudwestnoords	a		Old West Norse
Oudfries	m		Old Frisian
Oudfries	a		Old Frisian
Oerslavisch	m		Common Slavic, Proto-Slavic
Oerslavisch	a		Common Slavic, Proto-Slavic
Oerkeltisch	m		Proto-Celtic
Oerkeltisch	a		Proto-Celtic
Oeroeralisch	m		Proto-Uralic
Oeroeralisch	a		Proto-Uralic
Oeralisch	a		Uralic
Fins-Oegrisch	a		Finno-Ugric
Oostzeefins	a		Baltic-Finnic
Baltisch-Fins	a		Baltic-Finnic
Baltisch	a		Baltic
Oudnederduits	m		Old Low German
Oudnederduits	a		Old Low German
Middelnederduits	m		Middle Low German
Middelnederduits	a		Middle Low German
Middelsaksisch	m		Middle Saxon, Middle Low German
Middelsaksisch	a		Middle Saxon, Middle Low German
Oudiers	m		Old Irish
Oudiers	a		Old Irish
Middeliers	m		Middle Irish
Middeliers	a		Middle Irish
Oudfrans	m		Old French
Oudfrans	a		Old French
Middelfrans	m		Middle French
Middelfrans	a		Middle French
Oudoostslavisch	m		Old East Slavic
Oudoostslavisch	a		Old East Slavic
vulgair-Latijns	a		Vulgar Latin
Sardinisch	a		Sardinian
Sardinisch	m		Sardinian (language)
Sardijns	a		Sardinian
Sardijns	m		Sardinian (language)
Brabants	a		Brabantian
Brabants	m		Brabantian (language/dialect)
vuurkaart	n	de · mv. vuurkaarten	a type of identity card used by Belgian World War I soldiers
mekka	m		a Mecca (important place to visit by people with a particular interest)
samenhorigheid	n	de	affinity, fellowship, community feeling
dictee	n	het · mv. dictees	spelling bee; dictation exercise (school exercise in which a teacher recites words to be…
loeken	v	loekte – geloekt	to look; to watch; to stare
Assen	m		Assen (a city, municipality, and capital of Drenthe, Netherlands)
Malen	m		Mélin, a village in Belgium; a surname
levensmiddel	n	het · mv. levensmiddelen	food, foodstuff; victual
laar	a		empty
laar	n	het · mv. laren	open space in a forest
biergist	n	de · mv. biergisten	a species of yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, especially in relation to…
laatstleden	a		last
eukaryotisch	a		eucaryotic
voorteken	n	het · mv. voortekenen	portent
haatbaard	n	de · mv. haatbaarden	radical Muslim
hometrainer	n	de · mv. hometrainers	exercise bicycle, stationary bicycle
zwermen	v	zwermde – gezwermd	to swarm
verdrieten	v	verdroot – verdroten	to sadden, to displease
Stegen	m		a hamlet in Asten, North Brabant, Netherlands
ampèremeter	n	de · mv. ampèremeters	ammeter
stroommeter	n	de · mv. stroommeters	ammeter, current meter
spanningsmeter	n	de · mv. spanningsmeters	voltmeter, voltage meter
snelheidsmeter	n	de · mv. snelheidsmeters	speedometer
newtonmeter	n	de · mv. newtonmeters	newton metre
platendraaier	n	de · mv. platendraaiers	gramophone; turntable; disc jockey
afstandelijkheid	n	de	aloofness, standoffishness; detachment
schooier	n	de · mv. schooiers	a wandering or roaming beggar; a vagabond
schildluis	n	de · mv. schildluizen	scale insect
GAS-boete	n	de · mv. GAS-boetes	an administrative sanction for minor offences in Belgium
methodisch	a		methodical
alkaan	n	de · mv. alkanen	alkane
ethaan	n	het	ethane
butaan	n	het	butane
hexaan	n	het	hexane
heptaan	n	het	heptane
octaan	n	het	octane
nonaan	n	het	nonane
decaan	n	de · mv. decanen	dean; school counselor, guidance counselor; decane
etheen	n	het	ethene
buteen	n	het	butene
penteen	n	het · mv. pentenen	pentene
hexeen	n	het	hexene
hepteen	n	het	heptene
octeen	n	het	octene
noneen	n	het	nonene
deceen	n	het	decene
ethyn	n	het	ethyne
butyn	n	het	butyne
pentyn	n	het	pentyne
hexyn	n	het	hexyne
heptyn	n	het	heptyne
octyn	n	het	octyne
nonyn	n	het	nonyne
fenyl	n	het	phenyl
trichloormethaan	n	het	trichloromethane
methaanzuur	n	het	methanoic acid
mierenzuur	n	het	formic acid
ethaanzuur	n	het	ethanoic acid
citroenzuur	n	het	citric acid
sprei	n	de · mv. spreien	bedcover, bedspread
dominostekker	n	de · mv. dominostekkers	a plug with three outlets integrated into it
Floris	m		a male given name
reaguurder	n	de · mv. reaguurders	someone who makes hateful and anonymous online comments, similar to a…
afschuwen	v	schuwde af – afgeschuwd	to scare off, to cause fear or revulsion in
afschuwen	n	het	fear, horror, revulsion
homohuwelijk	n	het · mv. homohuwelijken	same-sex marriage, gay marriage (as a concept); same-sex wedding, same-sex marriage (a single instance)
homobom	n	de · mv. homobommen	gay bomb
homocultuur	n	de	gay culture
homofilie	n	de	homophilia, homosexuality
homofoob	n	de · mv. homofoben	homophobe
homofoob	a		homophobic
Turkmeense	n	de · mv. Turkmeensen	Turkmen (female)
Solt	m		a hamlet in Bree, Belgium
potjeslatijn	n	het	Dog Latin, macaronic Latin
Veghel	m		a town and former municipality of Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oirschot	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Oisterwijk	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
clickbait	n	de	clickbait
klimop	n	de	ivy (Hedera helix)
grijswater	n	het	greywater
zwartwater	n	het	blackwater
voorspook	n	het · mv. voorspoken	portent, omen, premonition
zytoloog	n	de · mv. zytologen	beer connoisseur
eenzelvig	a		spending most time in solitary activities; introvert
dazelen	v	dazelde – gedazeld	to talk crazy; to act crazy
mindere	n	de · mv. minderen	someone lower in rank
minderen	v	minderde – geminderd	to cut back [with met ‘on’], to reduce; to decrease; to perform a decrease
benenwagen	n	de · mv. benenwagens	shanks' pony; the feet or legs as a form of transport
feestganger	n	de · mv. feestgangers	partygoer
feestbeest	n	het · mv. feestbeesten	party animal
gaander	n	de · mv. gaanders	goer (one who goes)
verstaander	n	de · mv. verstaanders	understander (one who hears and/or understands)
vakantieganger	n	de · mv. vakantiegangers	holidaymaker, vacationer
discoganger	n	de · mv. discogangers	disco-goer, someone who goes to a disco
schoolganger	n	de · mv. schoolgangers	schoolgoer
moskeeganger	n	de · mv. moskeegangers	mosque-goer
synagogeganger	n	de · mv. synagogegangers	synagogue-goer
synagoge	n	de · mv. synagogen	synagogue
assie	n	de · mv. assie's	hash, hashish (dried leaves of the Indian hemp plant); a joint filled with hash
dementeren	v	dementeerde – gedementeerd	to develop dementia, to dote; to expose as false, to rebut
grootheidswaanzin	n	de	megalomania
spiegelei	n	het · mv. spiegeleieren	fried egg sunny side up
telefonisch	a		telephonic; in particular by telephone
telefonisch	d		by telephone
gasdicht	a		gastight
Moederdag	n	de · mv. Moederdagen	Mother's Day, a day (in May) in informal celebration of mothers and motherhood
telefoonboom	n	de · mv. telefoonbomen	call tree
misdadig	a		criminal
kassei	n	de · mv. kasseien	cobblestone
straatsteen	n	de · mv. straatstenen	paving stone
eetbaarheid	n	de	edibility
velodroom	n	de/het · mv. velodromen	velodrome
Kinkel	m		a surname
sovnarchoz	n	de · mv. sovnarchozen	sovnarkhoz
vief	a		energetic, lively, active
vief	u		five
bescheren	v	beschoor – beschoren	to determine, to allot
herziening	n	de · mv. herzieningen	revision; overhaul
Jos	m		a male given name
spiegelreflexcamera	n	de · mv. spiegelreflexcamera's	single-lens reflex camera
Tange	m		a hamlet in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Dorne	m		a hamlet in Maaseik, Belgium
sufkop	n	de · mv. sufkoppen	someone who is not fully awake or alert; a sleepyhead or dreamer; fool, idiot
zuipkop	n	de · mv. zuipkoppen	drunkard, alcoholic
Rotterdammer	n	de · mv. Rotterdammers	Rotterdammer
Brecht	m		a male given name
andermans	r		someone else's
Beets	m		a village and former municipality of Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands; Beets: a surname
Langen	m		a hamlet in Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
vermijding	n	de · mv. vermijdingen	avoidance
vijlen	v	vijlde – gevijld	to file (to smooth using a file)
viltje	n	het · mv. viltjes	a cardboard disc to put a glass on
epenthese	n	de · mv. epentheses	epenthesis
schavuit	n	de · mv. schavuiten	rascal, rogue, crook
Kappert	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
kaakje	n	het · mv. kaakjes	a biscuit, particularly one eaten alongside a cup of tea or coffee
langlaufen	n	het	cross-country skiing
langlaufen	v		to ski cross-country
onderhand	d		gradually, bit by bit; by now, by this time, by this point
voetkussen	n	het · mv. voetkussens	a cushion to rest the feet on
elektrotechnisch	a		electrotechnical, pertaining to electrical engineering
Noen	m		Nu (deification of the primordial watery abyss in Egyptian mythology)
kopvoddentaks	n	de · mv. kopvoddentaksen	tax on headscarves
hoofddoekjesbelasting	n	de · mv. hoofddoekjesbelastingen	tax on headscarves
waaghals	n	de · mv. waaghalzen	a daredevil
avondrood	n	het	afterglow (red sky after sunset); either of two species of moth with characteristic pinkish-red coloring:…
morgenrood	n	het	red sky at morning
gesamtkunstwerk	n	het · mv. gesamtkunstwerken	Gesamtkunstwerk
oosterbuur	n	de · mv. oosterburen	neighbour to the East; the Germans, Germany (the country the Netherlands border in the East)
Bot	m		a surname
vleugelspeelster	n	de · mv. vleugelspeelsters	a female winger
Waldeck	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
kandij	n	de	rock sugar or rock candy (crystalline sugar confectionery)
kandijklontje	n	het · mv. kandijklontjes	a crystal of white rock sugar or rock candy
klontje	n	het · mv. klontjes	a sugar cube (properly suikerklontje); similar confectionery
kwak	i		quack (sound of quacking by ducks)
kwak	n	de · mv. kwakken	quack (the sound made by ducks or croaking by frogs and toads); a small pile or heap; cum, sperm
vervormen	v	vervormde – vervormd	to deform, to change the shape of
timmeren	v	timmerde – getimmerd	to perform carpentry, to build, to construct; to hammer
Bosman	m		a surname
branie	n	de · mv. branies	swagger; daredevil; courage
spindoctor	n	de · mv. spindoctors	spin doctor
planetenstelsel	n	het · mv. planetenstelsels	planetary system
geneeskundig	a		medical, of medicine (as a discipline)
Jet	m		a female given name; a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
bovenstaand	a		written/shown/mentioned above
handgereedschap	n	het	hand tool
ordening	n	de · mv. ordeningen	tidying up, bringing in order
gaslamp	n	de · mv. gaslampen	gas lamp
Jansen	m		a common surname originating as a patronymic
wrokken	v	wrokte – gewrokt	To harbor a grudge; to be resentful
zegereeks	n	de · mv. zegereeksen	winning streak
popeyes	n		Prominent, bulging, or staring eyes
jampot	n	de · mv. jampotten	jampot
beddengoed	n	het	bedding (sheets, blankets etc.)
kweken	v	kweekte – gekweekt	to breed animals; to grow a crop or other plants; to breed, procreate
duvels	a		devilish; wretched, damned; angry
duvels	d		to a great extent, really
duvels	i		an exclamation of surprise
doeltreffend	a		effective, producing the desired effect
Dnipro	m		Dnipro, a city and raion of Ukraine
paffen	v	pafte – gepaft	synonym of roken (“to smoke (tobacco)”)
geldgierig	a		greedy for money
plasser	n	de · mv. plassers	a peepee, a doodle (penis); a pee-er, one who urinates
brokken	v	brokte – gebrokt	to break into pieces
Maleise	n	de · mv. Maleisen	female Malay person
condoleance	n	de · mv. condoleances	condolence
kaneelstok	n	de · mv. kaneelstokken	a cinnamon stick, apiece of candy shaped like a stick tasting like cinnamon…
kartonnen	a		cardboard
stoeien	v	stoeide – gestoeid	to fight in a playful way; to romp (to play roughly or energetically)
regelnicht	n	de · mv. regelnichten	petty, rules-obsessed woman, e.g. a woman trying to keep everything under…
schaliegas	n	het	shale gas
lemmetje	n	het · mv. lemmetjes	a lime
lijfje	n	het · mv. lijfjes	bodice
shuttlebus	n	de · mv. shuttlebussen	shuttle bus
oeverloos	a		shoreless; continuing on and on without any progress or result; boundless
bananenschil	n	de · mv. bananenschillen	banana peel
dropje	n	het · mv. dropjes	a piece of liquorice
grieven	v	griefde – gegriefd	to emotionally hurt, to cause grief to
naslaan	v	sloeg na – nageslagen	to look up, to check (for reference); to restrike
naslag	n	de · mv. naslagen	strike that occurs afterwards; looking up for reference; restrike
naslagwerk	n	het · mv. naslagwerken	reference work
lakenlood	n	het · mv. lakenloden	a lead seal used to document the origin and quality of cloth
smeedijzer	n	het	wrought iron
muziekje	n	het · mv. muziekjes	tune
voorbarig	a		premature
Velletri	m		a neighbourhood of Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands
prematuur	a		premature
ijlhoofdig	a		thoughtless, careless; confused, delirious
jaartiental	n	het · mv. jaartientallen	decade
reptieligheid	n	de · mv. reptieligheden	reptilianness
reptielachtigheid	n	de · mv. reptielachtigheden	reptilianness
smeris	n	de · mv. smerissen	synonym of politieagent
wittiger	n	de · mv. wittigers	soothsayer
zerpte	n	de · mv. zerptes	(unpleasant) sourness
wandelroute	n	de · mv. wandelrouten	hiking trail, walking track
liftster	n	de · mv. liftsters	female hitchhiker
Oyen	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
knotten	v	knotte – geknot	to truncate, pollard; to cut down
knotsen	v		collide
kokhalzen	v	kokhalsde – gekokhalsd	to gag, to retch
knevelen	v	knevelde – gekneveld	to gag, to stifle (physically restrict speech with an object); to muzzle, to gag, to restrict freedom of speech
Hemelvaartsdag	n	de	Ascension Day
Chileen	n	de · mv. Chilenen	Chilean (person from Chile)
krullen	v	krulde – gekruld	to curl
lakken	v	lakte – gelakt	to lacquer, to varnish
uitwaaien	v	waaide uit – uitgewaaid	to go out in windy weather, particularly into nature or a park, as a means…
zilvermeeuw	n	de · mv. zilvermeeuwen	European herring gull (Larus argentatus)
witkopmeeuw	n	de · mv. witkopmeeuwen	silver gull
oogring	n	de · mv. oogringen	eyering
vuilnisbelt	n	de · mv. vuilnisbelten	landfill, dumpsite
witheet	a		white-hot, hot to the point of glowing bright white
basalten	a		basaltic
bovenlangs	d		passing above, along the top
onderlangs	d		passing below, along the bottom
onderdoor	p		passing through below, going underneath
onderdoor	d		passing through below
onderuit	d		out from underneath (something); losing support (of one's legs, etc.),
onderuit	i		timber!
draaicirkel	n	de · mv. draaicirkels	turning circle
stedeling	n	de · mv. stedelingen	city dweller, citizen, townsperson, urbanite (person who lives in a city)
stadsbewoner	n	de · mv. stadsbewoners	city dweller, inhabitant of a city
dorpsbewoner	n	de · mv. dorpsbewoners	villager
plattelander	n	de · mv. plattelanders	a country-dweller, a rustic, someone who lives outside (large) inhabited areas
wolkje	n	het · mv. wolkjes	a small amount of whirling liquid, notably milk in tea or coffee
vergeeflijk	a		forgivable
onvergeeflijk	a		unforgivable
voordek	n	het · mv. voordekken	foredeck, forward deck
oubliëtte	n	de · mv. oubliëtten	oubliette (a dungeon only accessible by a trapdoor at the top)
vergeetput	n	de · mv. vergeetputten	oubliette
leverantie	n	de · mv. leveranties	delivery; the supplying of goods, wares, merchandise, etc
levenswijze	n	de · mv. levenswijzen	way of life
levenspartner	n	de · mv. levenspartners	life partner
heisa	n	de	fuss, ado, to-do, commotion
heisa	i		huzzah, hey, hurrah; expression of happiness or excitement
isolationisme	n	het	isolationism
loopgraaf	n	de · mv. loopgraven	trench
aanwakkeren	v	wakkerde aan – aangewakkerd	to fan (a fire), to kindle; to stimulate, incite, stir up, rouse; to regain strength, energy, vim, etc
bedringen	v	bedrong – bedrongen	to press against; to force
Cabo	n	de · mv. Cabo's	Cape Verdean (person from Cabo Verde)
treinen	v	treinde – getreind	to travel by train
prul	n	het · mv. prullen	a useless or worthless thing; (in the plural:) junk, trinket, trifle; turd, loser, a useless or unpleasant man
prullenbak	n	de · mv. prullenbakken	waste bin, wastebasket (often specifically wastepaper basket)
prullenmand	n	de · mv. prullenmanden	wastebasket (often specifically wastepaper basket)
rotzooi	n	de · mv. rotzooien	mess; rubbish, garbage
warrig	a		tangled, messy; disorderly, confused
ontwarren	v	ontwarde – ontward	to untangle, to disentangle
onscherp	a		unsharp, out of focus, hazy
scherpstellen	v	stelde scherp – scherpgesteld	to focus, to adjust in order to bring into focus
voorzeggen	v	zei voor – voorgezegd	to say in advance/beforehand; to say in order to have someone repeat (contrast nazeggen); to spoil
middernachtzon	n	de · mv. middernachtzonnen	midnight sun
poolnacht	n	de · mv. poolnachten	polar night
pooldag	n	de · mv. pooldagen	polar day
kapsalon	n	de/het · mv. kapsalons	barber shop, hair salon; a type of fast food, consisting of fries topped with doner or shawarma meat,…
Sebastiaan	m		a male given name
Bastiaan	m		a male given name derived from Sebastiaan
bloederziekte	n	de	haemophilia
hemofilie	n	de	haemophilia
tokkie	n	de · mv. tokkies	a lower-class person who is perceived to be unsophisticated and seen as…
Euromaidan	m		Euromaidan (antigovernment protests in Ukraine in 2013 and 2014); Maidan Nezalezhnosti, the square in Kiev that was the site of antigovernment…
zenuwachtigheid	n	de	nervousness
MKZ-epidemie	n	de · mv. MKZ-epidemieën	epidemic of foot-and-mouth disease
ajuin	n	de · mv. ajuinen	onion
eest	n	de · mv. eesten	a drying oven, a drying kiln
roddelblad	n	het · mv. roddelbladen	tabloid
lengtegraad	n	de · mv. lengtegraden	longitude (degree of longitude)
sublimeren	v	sublimeerde – gesublimeerd	to sublimate (to change from solid to gaseous); to refine, to purify by sublimation; to exalt, to refine, to elevate
celliste	n	de · mv. cellistes	female cellist
mandaat	n	het · mv. mandaten	mandate
vlamboog	n	de · mv. vlambogen	electric arc
natuurvorser	n	de · mv. natuurvorsers	naturalist, natural scientist (person who studies nature or natural history)
geluiddemper	n	de · mv. geluiddempers	silencer
arbeiden	v	arbeidde – gearbeid	to work, to do manual labour
slukes	i		goodbye
schuchter	a		shy
blijden	v	blijdde – geblijd	to gladden, rejoice
miraculeus	a		miraculous
klepel	n	de · mv. klepels	clapper (of a bell)
gestaag	a		steady, continuous; gradual
stemfie	n	de · mv. stemfies	a self-portrait photographed in a polling booth
Noord	m		a town in Aruba; a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oost	m		a village in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands; a former municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
doodlopen	v	liep dood – doodgelopen	to end in a dead end; to exhaust oneself by running; to outsail another ship
Gouds	a		of or related to Gouda
woekerlenen	v	woekerleende – gewoekerleend	to shylock
zegezeker	a		being certain of victory
overwinningsnederlaag	n	de · mv. overwinningsnederlagen	a victory that resembles a defeat
incel	n	de · mv. incels	incel
deciseconde	n	de · mv. deciseconden	decisecond (one tenth of a second)
decaseconde	n	de · mv. decaseconden	decasecond: ten seconds
femtosteradiaal	n	de · mv. femtosteradialen	femtosteradian: 10⁻¹⁵ of a steradian
mega-ampère	n	de · mv. mega-ampères	mega-ampere: 10⁶ amperes
microsteradiaal	n	de · mv. microsteradialen	microsteradian: 10⁻⁶ of a steradian
millisteradiaal	n	de · mv. millisteradialen	millisteradian: one thousandth of a steradian
megaseconde	n	de · mv. megaseconden	megasecond: 10⁶ seconds
nanosteradiaal	n	de · mv. nanosteradialen	nanosteradian: 10⁻⁹ of a steradian
peta-ampère	n	de · mv. peta-ampères	peta-ampere: 10¹⁵ ampere
petaseconde	n	de · mv. petaseconden	petasecond: 10¹⁵ seconds
tera-ampère	n	de · mv. tera-ampères	tera-ampere: 10¹² amperes
teraseconde	n	de · mv. teraseconden	terasecond: 10¹² seconds
Ethiopische	n	de · mv. Ethiopischen	woman from Ethiopia
Ethiopisch	a		Ethiopian
Ethiopisch	m		Ethiopic, Ge'ez
vaagtaal	n	de · mv. vaagtalen	a speech or writing abundant with weasel words
hagelslag	n	de	hundreds and thousands, sprinkles (elongated and often made of chocolate);…; hailstorm, particularly a severe one
knechten	v	knechtte – geknecht	to enslave (to make a person an indentured knecht)
Thebe	m		Thebes (city in Greece); Thebes (city in Egypt)
wereldkampioenschap	n	het · mv. wereldkampioenschappen	world championship
wereldkampioen	n	de · mv. wereldkampioenen	world champion
cummingtoniet	n	het	Cummingtonite
kopstoot	n	de · mv. kopstoten	headbutt; boilermaker with jenever instead of whiskey
temporiseren	v	temporiseerde – getemporiseerd	to delay (to lower the pace)
referentiekader	n	het · mv. referentiekaders	system of organising thought containing prior beliefs; diagram or system from where an observer observes (relative) motion
fetakaas	n	de	feta cheese
floppydisk	n	de · mv. floppydisks	floppy disk
forenzen	v	forensde – geforensd	to commute
frisjes	a		chilly
oed	n	de · mv. oeds	oud (instrument)
gedaanteverwisseling	n	de · mv. gedaanteverwisselingen	shapeshifting, metamorphosis
plaatsbepaling	n	de	the act of determining one's position and orientation
overste	n	de · mv. oversten	senior (boss); abbot, prior; lieutenant colonel
gelukken	v	gelukte – gelukt	synonym of lukken
wichelroede	n	de · mv. wichelroeden	a divining rod, a dowsing rod
wichelen	v	wichelde – gewicheld	to dowse, to divine
Haïtiaanse	n	de · mv. Haïtiaansen	female from Haiti
gronden	v	grondde – gegrond	to fathom, to determine the depth of; to put a foundation under; to found (an argument)
metalumlaut	n	het · mv. metalumlauten	a decorative umlaut over a letter in the name of a heavy metal band; a heavy…
radiostation	n	het · mv. radiostations	radio station
scoren	v	scoorde – gescoord	to score (a certain amount of points); to get, to acquire, to score, to gain
afdruipen	v	droop af – afgedropen	to drip off, to drain; to slink away shamefully
hogehoed	n	de · mv. hogehoeden	tophat
uilig	a		silly, goofy, dopey; resembling owls
heiligenschrijn	n	het · mv. heiligenschrijnen	a coffin-like reliquary
oorlogsverf	n	de · mv. oorlogsverven	war paint
reliekhouder	n	de · mv. reliekhouders	reliquary
tweelingwoord	n	het · mv. tweelingwoorden	doublet
harpoenen	v	harpoeneerde – geharpoeneerd	to harpoon
schots	a		messy, disorderly
schots	n	de · mv. schotsen	floe, ice floe
herkansen	v	herkanste – herkanst	to retry, to reattempt, to retake, to have another go at (a test, exam etc.)
slaapzucht	n	de	narcolepsy; lethargy
polsband	n	de · mv. polsbanden	wristband: mostly used in the diminutive
politieman	n	de · mv. politiemannen	synonym of politieagent
chinezen	v	chineesde – gechineesd	to dine out at a Chinese(-Indonesian) restaurant; to chase the dragon, to inhale the vapour from heated heroin
lerares	n	de · mv. leraressen	female teacher
serveerster	n	de · mv. serveersters	waitress
huwelijksreis	n	de · mv. huwelijksreizen	honeymoon (wedding trip)
parkeerplaats	n	de · mv. parkeerplaatsen	a parking space (space for one vehicle); a parking lot, a car park (several spaces for vehicles)
balein	n	het	baleen; a whalebone; a baleen
spieren	v	spierde – gespierd	to have a hard-on, to have an erection
nikker	n	de · mv. nikkers	a nigger (offensive slur for a black person); a water spirit, especially one who lures (young) people to drown; a neck,…
reformatie	m		the Protestant Reformation
reformatie	n	de · mv. reformaties	reformation
ontweiden	v	ontweidde – ontweid	to disembowel
ontdarmen	v	ontdarmde – ontdarmd	to disembowel
geweide	n	het	the whole of meadows; intestines
honkballen	v	honkbalde – gehonkbald	to play baseball
televisieprogramma	n	het · mv. televisieprogramma's	television program, television show
Oudrussisch	m		Old Russian, Old East Slavic (language)
Oudrussisch	a		Old Russian, Old East Slavic
laagspanning	n	de · mv. laagspanningen	low voltage
parafimose	n	de · mv. parafimosen	paraphimosis
oranje-blanje-bleu	m		the Prince's Flag
goedwil	n	de	goodwill
doloreus	a		dolorous
engtevrees	n	de	claustrophobia
buikvin	n	de · mv. buikvinnen	abdominal fin
borstvinnig	a		having pectoral fins
rugvinnig	a		having dorsal fins
staartvinnig	a		having tailfins
vingerschudden	v	vingerschudde – gevingerschud	to finger-wag
prinsenvlag	n	de · mv. prinsenvlaggen	the Prince’s Flag
zwangerschapsonderbreking	n	de · mv. zwangerschapsonderbrekingen	abortion
vruchtafdrijving	n	de · mv. vruchtafdrijvingen	abortion
afdrijving	n	de · mv. afdrijvingen	act or process of driving away; abortion; act or process of floating or drifting away
gewrocht	a		wrought
gewrocht	n	het · mv. gewrochten	creation, product
wrochten	v	wrochtte – gewrocht	to produce, work
morsealfabet	n	het · mv. morsealfabetten	synonym of morsecode
uitademing	n	de · mv. uitademingen	exhalation
inademen	v	ademde in – ingeademd	to breathe in, inhale
pekelzonde	n	de · mv. pekelzonden	a minor sin or inappropriate habit; a peccadillo
schietijzer	n	het · mv. schietijzers	gun
ijswoestijn	n	de · mv. ijswoestijnen	ice desert (region with a surface of ice and little precipitation, like a…
spuitserpentine	n	de	silly string
serpentinespray	n	de · mv. serpentinesprays	silly string
taar	n	de · mv. taren	tear
schoonschrift	n	het	calligraphy
middageten	n	het	lunch
vlakbij	d		very near
vlakbij	p		very near, close to
hertenbok	n	de · mv. hertenbokken	an adult male deer; a stag
supermaan	n	de · mv. supermanen	supermoon
pastei	n	de · mv. pasteien	savoury pie, pasty (often containing meat); pâté (now chiefly used in compounds)
ranja	n	de	sweetened drink (sweet drink based on processed fruit juice, may be based on…
optativus	n	de · mv. optativi	the optative mood or a word therein
doelvrouw	n	de · mv. doelvrouwen	female goalie, goal keeper
basculebrug	n	de · mv. basculebruggen	bascule bridge
valbrug	n	de · mv. valbruggen	drawbridge
middaguur	n	het · mv. middaguren	midday, noon (12 PM); hour in the afternoon
kabinetsraad	n	de · mv. kabinetsraden	government council
witbier	n	het · mv. witbieren	witbier, a top-fermented beer, brewed from wheat and barley, mainly brewed…
gemakswinkel	n	de · mv. gemakswinkels	convenience store
buurtwinkel	n	de · mv. buurtwinkels	a convenience store situated in a residential area
steng	n	de · mv. stengen	topmast
arbeidster	n	de · mv. arbeidsters	a female worker
kelnerin	n	de · mv. kelnerinnen	waitress
dienster	n	de · mv. diensters	waitress, female server
dichtstbijzijnd	a		closest, nearest
koffietje	n	het · mv. koffietjes	a cup of coffee
Concordia	m		a neighbourhood of Sint Eustatius, Netherlands
koophuis	n	het · mv. koophuizen	self-owned house
huurhuis	n	het · mv. huurhuizen	rented house
kussentje	n	het · mv. kussentjes	toe bean (digital pad of a cat or dog's paw)
koster	n	de · mv. kosters	a churchwarden, a caretaker at a church, sacristan
neurodivergent	a		neurodivergent (having an atypical neurological configuration)
wrecht	n	de · mv. wrechten	worker, builder, creator, wright
melm	n	de · mv. melmen	dry earth, dry or sandy soil
uitlander	n	de · mv. uitlanders	foreign settler in South Africa; foreigner
uitland	n	het · mv. uitlanden	the whole of foreign countries
knalpot	n	de · mv. knalpotten	muffler, silencer (of an exhaust pipe)
kundig	a		able, capable, adept
rassenrelatie	n	de · mv. rassenrelaties	race relations
enklauw	n	de · mv. enklauwen	ankle
roodsel	n	het	eosin
schape	n	de · mv. schapen	form, shape
voogdij	n	de · mv. voogdijen	tutorship
kuiperin	n	de · mv. kuiperinnen	female cooper
voogdes	n	de · mv. voogdessen	female guardian
volstrekt	a		absolute, complete
volstrekt	d		absolutely, positively, completely
treeft	n	de · mv. treeften	a stand with three short legs used for cooking over a fire; a trivet; a stand with three short legs used to support hot dishes and protect a…
prikbord	n	het · mv. prikborden	notice board
luitjes	n		folks, fellows
maaltijden	v	maaltijdde – gemaaltijd	to take a meal, to eat at a mealtime
onderzetter	n	de · mv. onderzetters	a coaster, a beer mat; a trivet
nakie	n	het · mv. nakies	the nude; a naked state; birthday suit
meteoor	n	de · mv. meteoren	meteor
noodgeval	n	het · mv. noodgevallen	emergency, emergency case
schoonmaker	n	de · mv. schoonmakers	cleaner, janitor
schoonmaakster	n	de · mv. schoonmaaksters	female cleaner, female janitor
middenveld	n	het	midfield
miljonair	n	de · mv. miljonairs	millionaire
mineraloge	n	de · mv. mineraloges	mineralogist
vrouwenhaat	n	de	misogyny
dierenmishandeling	n	de · mv. dierenmishandelingen	animal abuse
aalbessenjenever	n	de	jenever made with currant
aalfuik	n	de · mv. aalfuiken	fyke for catching eel; eelbuck
fuik	n	de · mv. fuiken	fyke
baadster	n	de · mv. baadsters	female bather, woman taking a bath
aaibaarheidsfactor	n	de · mv. aaibaarheidsfactoren	the level of cuddliness or likability
aaibaarheid	n	de	cuddliness, cuteness; the extent or level of which someone or something…
aagt	n	de · mv. aagten	light sour breed of apple
aagtappel	n	de · mv. aagtappels	light sour breed of apple
aaiing	n	de · mv. aaiingen	petting
streling	n	de · mv. strelingen	petting
liefkozing	n	de · mv. liefkozingen	showing of affection to someone of something
aalbessengelei	n	de	jelly made with currant (redcurrant or whitecurrant)
aalbessenjam	n	de	jam made with currant (redcurrant or whitecurrant)
geren	v	geerde – gegeerd	to covet
aalgeer	n	de · mv. aalgeren	spear or fizgig for fishing eel
aalkuip	n	de · mv. aalkuipen	basin to keep eel in
aalschaar	n	de · mv. aalscharen	multipronged spear for fishing eel
aalspeer	n	de · mv. aalsperen	spear for fishing eel
aalmoezenierskamer	n	de · mv. aalmoezenierskamers	eleemosynary institution
aamborstigheid	n	de	dyspnea
moederschapsrust	n	de · mv. moederschapsrusten	maternity leave
monarchvlinder	n	de · mv. monarchvlinders	monarch butterfly (Danais plexippus)
putje	n	het · mv. putjes	heart, midst
kunstijs	n	het	artificial ice
natuurmens	n	de · mv. natuurmensen	natural man, the archetypical human in a state of nature held to be a…; nature lover (person who loves to be in the wild)
spierkracht	n	de	muscle power
natuurwet	n	het · mv. natuurwetten	natural law (moral law set by nature); law of nature, physical law; environmental law (legislation regarding the environment)
precisie	n	de	accuracy, precision
onnauwkeurigheid	n	de · mv. onnauwkeurigheden	inaccuracy
slordigheid	n	de · mv. slordigheden	sloppiness
aalpomp	n	de · mv. aalpompen	pump to pump liquid manure or other wastewater
aalput	n	de · mv. aalputten	basin for storing manure
armring	n	de · mv. armringen	an armring
aalstreep	n	de · mv. aalstrepen	a dark line along the length of the back of an animal, in particular an ungulate
aanbaksel	n	het · mv. aanbaksels	something that has been burnt while cooking or baking
aanbedene	n	de · mv. aanbedenen	one who is worshipped
zwendelen	v	zwendelde – gezwendeld	to swindle
zwendel	n	de	swindle
onzen	t		dative neuter/plural of ons
wegjagen	v	joeg weg – weggejaagd	to chase away, to drive away
boffer	n	de · mv. boffers	lucky person
ruigte	n	de/het · mv. ruigten	wild vegetation; wilderness; roughness
kinderkopjes	n	het	square cobbles used for paving streets; sampietrini
kinderkopje	n	het · mv. kinderkopjes	a square cobblestone as used for paving streets; a sampietrino; a child's head or representation thereof (as a pendant for example)
wormdodend	a		anthelmintic
echel	n	de · mv. echels	leech, in particular one species used in bloodletting, the European medical…
onderbazin	n	de · mv. onderbazinnen	a generic term referring to a female person that acts on behalf of their…
repressie	n	de · mv. repressies	repression
bovenkaak	n	de · mv. bovenkaken	an upper jaw
kalifaat	n	het · mv. kalifaten	caliphate
doeloe	d		only used in tempo doeloe
ontstekingssysteem	n	het · mv. ontstekingssystemen	ignition system
projectontwikkelaar	n	de · mv. projectontwikkelaars	project developer
panslavist	n	de · mv. panslavisten	Panslavist
lappenpop	n	de · mv. lappenpoppen	rag doll
voddenpop	n	de · mv. voddenpoppen	rag doll
kloddenpop	n	de · mv. kloddenpoppen	rag doll
klodde	n	de · mv. klodden	rag; a worthless object
almanak	n	de · mv. almanakken	almanac; book or table containing dates, often including nautical,…; almanac, yearbook
intolerantie	n	de · mv. intoleranties	intolerance
onzorgvuldigheid	n	de · mv. onzorgvuldigheden	carelessness
zorgvuldigheid	n	de · mv. zorgvuldigheden	care
onzorgvuldig	a		careless
ignorantie	n	de	ignorance
onwettigheid	n	de · mv. onwettigheden	unlawfulness, illegality
illegaliteit	n	de · mv. illegaliteiten	illegality
legaliteit	n	de · mv. legaliteiten	legality
bezienswaardig	a		worth seeing
kouter	n	de/het · mv. kouters	colter/coulter; agricultural land, field
ploegschaar	n	de · mv. ploegscharen	plowshare/ploughshare
ploegijzer	n	het · mv. ploegijzers	plowshare/ploughshare
verdrietigheid	n	de	sadness
tegengestelde	n	het	antonym
oplichtster	n	de · mv. oplichtsters	female imposter, fraud; female con-artist
bedriegster	n	de · mv. bedriegsters	female deceiver, cheater, fraudster; female crook, hustler, impostor
tijdnood	n	de	lack of time, the condition of running out of time
inlijving	n	de · mv. inlijvingen	annexation
rationalisme	n	het	rationalism (philosophical view that primarily relies on reason for…
taoïsme	n	het	Taoism
catastrofisme	n	het	catastrophism (belief that the Earth's crust and life on Earth are mainly…
luchtverversing	n	de · mv. luchtverversingen	ventilation
hagelstorm	n	de · mv. hagelstormen	hailstorm (storm accompanied by precipitation in the form of hail)
bijleren	v	leerde bij – bijgeleerd	to learn more, add to one's knowledge or skills
zitkamer	n	de · mv. zitkamers	a parlour, salon or sitting room
prikkeling	n	de · mv. prikkelingen	stimulation; excitation
taxateur	n	de · mv. taxateurs	appraiser
pukkel	n	de · mv. pukkels	mole, spot, pimple, mark on the skin
redundantie	n	de · mv. redundanties	redundancy
schermgezicht	n	het · mv. schermgezichten	someone known from television or film; a tv or film personality
inschuchteren	n		to intimidate, to browbeat
knevel	n	de · mv. knevels	a pin used for fastening, a peg; a gag; a moustache covering much of the area above the upper lip, e.g. a handlebar…
sterfdag	n	de · mv. sterfdagen	date of death, dying day
bankoverval	n	de · mv. bankovervallen	bank robbery
bankovervaller	n	de · mv. bankovervallers	bank robber
uitspugen	v	spuugde uit – uitgespuugd	spit out
baboe	n	de · mv. baboes	amah, ayah; a native Indonesian woman employed as a wet nurse, nanny and/or…; babu
dadelpalm	n	de · mv. dadelpalmen	date palm (Phoenix dactylifera)
suïcide	n	de · mv. suïcides	suicide
kegelsnede	n	de · mv. kegelsneden	conic section
hyperbool	n	de · mv. hyperbolen	hyperbola; hyperbole
electie	n	de · mv. electies	election
tandplaque	n	de · mv. tandplaques	plaque (on teeth), dental plaque
codewoord	n	het · mv. codewoorden	codeword
toverwoord	n	het · mv. toverwoorden	magic word, spell; all-round solution for a difficult problem
doctoranda	n	de · mv. doctoranda's	female doctorandus (woman graduated with a master's degree)
raadspensionaris	n	de · mv. raadspensionarissen	grand pensionary (high-ranking official in the Dutch Republic, combining…
aantekenen	v	tekende aan – aangetekend	to jot down, to write down, to note; to appeal
telefonist	n	de · mv. telefonisten	a telephone operator, a telephonist
plaaggeest	n	de · mv. plaaggeesten	bully, tormentor
folterbank	n	de · mv. folterbanken	rack (torturing device)
piraatje	n	het · mv. piraatjes	a (cheap) cigarette
kneedbaarheid	n	de	plasticity
vervormbaarheid	n	de	plasticity
Geräuschemacher	n	de · mv. Geräuschemachers	foley artist
kompromat	n	de/het	kompromat, blackmail material, dirt (chiefly in Russian contexts)
grammofoon	n	de · mv. grammofonen	gramophone, record player
draaitafel	n	de · mv. draaitafels	a rotating disk or table, of various types, especially; turntable (rotating rest for records in a record player, e.g. for DJ's); turntable, record player (appliance that can play records)
grammofoonplaat	n	de · mv. grammofoonplaten	record, an LP or a single
platenzaak	n	de · mv. platenzaken	record shop, record store
afschaven	v	schaafde af – afgeschaafd	to plane off; to graze, abrade
dichtkunst	n	de	poetry
videorecorder	n	de · mv. videorecorders	video recorder
polsslag	n	de · mv. polsslagen	pulse (felt at the wrist artery)
stadspoort	n	de · mv. stadspoorten	city gate
misbaar	n	het	clamor, theatrical misconduct
poppenkasterij	n	de	clamor, theatrical misconduct
poeha	n	de/het	clamor, fuss
poppenspeler	n	de · mv. poppenspelers	puppeteer
poppenspeelster	n	de · mv. poppenspeelsters	female puppeteer
weidman	n	de · mv. weidmannen	hunter
zwade	n	de · mv. zwaden	a single row of mowed grass, or a swath
zichte	n	de · mv. zichten	a short, light scythe
zichel	n	de · mv. zichels	sickle
regenmantel	n	de · mv. regenmantels	mantle, cloak to protect against the rain
koraalrif	n	het · mv. koraalriffen	coral reef
jakboter	n	de	butter made from yak's milk
jakmelk	n	de	yak's milk
karavaan	n	de · mv. karavanen	caravan (a convoy or procession of travelers, their vehicles and cargo, and…
gasmasker	n	het · mv. gasmaskers	gas mask
schrapen	v	schraapte – geschraapt	to scrape; to rake
momboor	n	de · mv. momboren	guardian, custodian
conjunctivus	n	de · mv. conjunctivi	the subjunctive mood or a word therein
voorbeschikking	n	de	predestination
privépost	n	de	private mail
privécorrespondentie	n	de	private correspondence
contubernaal	n	het · mv. contubernalen	roommate, a companion or a cohabitant
primaatschap	n	het · mv. primaatschappen	primacy (as ecclesiastical office)
schoolkind	n	het · mv. schoolkinderen	schoolchild
dissertatie	n	de · mv. dissertaties	dissertation, doctoral thesis
zionist	n	de · mv. zionisten	Zionism
kajuit	n	de · mv. kajuiten	cabin on a ship
abseilen	v	seilde ab – abgeseild	to abseil
demotie	n	de · mv. demoties	demotion
voorstanderklier	n	de · mv. voorstanderklieren	prostate
amphibrachys	n	de · mv. amphibrachen	dated spelling of amfibrachys
dierenpsycholoog	n	de · mv. dierenpsychologen	animal psychologist
psychologe	n	de · mv. psychologes	female psychologist
polyvinylchloride	n	het · mv. polyvinylchloriden	polyvinyl chloride
Guinee-Bissau	m		Guinea-Bissau (a country in West Africa)
zwartepiet	n	de · mv. zwartepieten	old maid; the undesirable card in the card game old maid; blame
verschansing	n	de · mv. verschansingen	bulwark
vroegrijp	a		precocious
vroegvolwassen	a		precocious
salpeter	n	de/het	saltpetre (UK), saltpeter (US)
roetpiet	n	de · mv. roetpieten	black pete
vuistvechter	n	de · mv. vuistvechters	boxer
radiotherapeut	n	de · mv. radiotherapeuten	radiotherapist
radiotherapeute	n	de · mv. radiotherapeutes	female radiotherapist
therapeut	n	de · mv. therapeuten	therapist (one who provides therapy)
behandelaar	n	de · mv. behandelaars	therapist, one providing a (medical, physical or psychiatric) therapy; one who treats a case or subject
fysiotherapeute	n	de · mv. fysiotherapeutes	female physiotherapist
kinesitherapeut	n	de · mv. kinesitherapeuten	physiotherapist (usual term in Belgium)
kinesitherapie	n	de · mv. kinesitherapieën	physiotherapy (usual term in Belgium)
psychotherapeut	n	de · mv. psychotherapeuten	psychotherapist
psychotherapeute	n	de · mv. psychotherapeutes	female psychotherapist
kinesiste	n	de · mv. kinesistes	female physiotherapist
rassensegregatie	n	de · mv. rassensegregaties	racial segregation
jurisdictie	n	de · mv. jurisdictiën	jurisdiction
rechtsmacht	n	de · mv. rechtsmachten	jurisdiction
jurisprudentie	n	de	case law
rechtswetenschap	n	de · mv. rechtswetenschappen	jurisprudence
evenen	v	evende – geëvend	to make equal, to make level; to bring into balance
mengelen	v	mengelde – gemengeld	to mix
mengelend	a		mixing
rechtsgeding	n	het · mv. rechtsgedingen	lawsuit
schrijfzaal	n	de · mv. schrijfzalen	scriptorium, especially such a room in a monastery
onrechtvaardigheid	n	de · mv. onrechtvaardigheden	injustice (state or instance of being unjust or unfair)
rechtvaardigheidsgevoel	n	het · mv. rechtvaardigheidsgevoelens	feeling of justice, feeling of fairness
reuring	n	de · mv. reuringen	pleasant unrest or bustle
sjaal	n	de · mv. sjaals	scarf
pomerans	n	de · mv. pomeransen	a felt or leather tip of a cue; a fruit of the bitter orange; a bitter orange tree, of the species Citrus ×aurantium
fietsrotonde	n	de · mv. fietsrotondes	a bicycle roundabout
Gameren	m		a village and former municipality of Zaltbommel, Gelderland, Netherlands
scharren	v	scharde – geschard	to scrape
fietsbrug	n	de · mv. fietsbruggen	bicycle bridge
buitenlander	n	de · mv. buitenlanders	foreigner, alien (person from outside one's country); any person of non-European descent; see also allochtoon for further…
telelens	n	de · mv. telelenzen	telephoto lens, telelens
graat	n	de · mv. graten	fishbone; ridge
rotsplateau	n	het · mv. rotsplateaus	rock plateau
pindarotsje	n	het · mv. pindarotsjes	chocolate filled with peanuts in the shape of a rock
lichtbreking	n	de · mv. lichtbrekingen	refraction
caleidoscoop	n	de · mv. caleidoscopen	kaleidoscope
boomblad	n	het · mv. boombladen	a leaf from a tree
waterfiets	n	de · mv. waterfietsen	a pedalo (pedalboat)
racefiets	n	de · mv. racefietsen	a racing bicycle/road bike
fietsinfrastructuur	n	de	cycling infrastructure
uitsloven	v	sloofde uit – uitgesloofd	to work hard, perhaps excessively; to slave away; try to impress by performing some activity
tochtgenoot	n	de · mv. tochtgenoten	a travel companion, who shares one's company on a journey
luizenmarkt	n	de · mv. luizenmarkten	flea market
Schotse	n	de · mv. Schotsen	a Scotswoman
strever	n	de · mv. strevers	one who strives; striver; a person who studies hard or makes a great effort in another way
bedenkelijk	a		dubious
godsdienstigheid	n	de · mv. godsdienstigheden	religiousness, devoutness
koopmanspaleis	n	het · mv. koopmanspaleizen	big house, (used to be) inhabited by big traders (in coffee for example)
kunstmestzak	n	de · mv. kunstmestzakken	bag to keep artificial fertilizer in
kunstmest	n	de	artificial fertilizer
gevechtsrantsoen	n	het · mv. gevechtsrantsoenen	battle ration: ration for troops during a battle
ontvlechtingsprocedure	n	de · mv. ontvlechtingsprocedures	"disentanglement procedure": formal term to describe the procedure to end…
ontvlechting	n	de · mv. ontvlechtingen	unbraiding, disentanglement
orenmaffia	n	de	"mind mob": expression used for therapists that claim diseases originate…
voos	a		weak, feeble, unsteady; numb, insensitive, insensible (without (sense of) physical feeling); weak, soft, spongy, porous
veldbed	n	het · mv. veldbedden	camp bed (lightweight portable bed used by the military, campers, etc.)
masturberen	v	masturbeerde – gemasturbeerd	to masturbate
schildklier	n	de · mv. schildklieren	thyroid gland
burgermoed	n	de	the courage of citizens when intervening at personal risk at the sight of…
burgerzin	n	de	civil responsibility, sense of civic duty, public spirit
acoliet	n	de · mv. acolieten	acolyte, lesser clergyman who only received the four lower ordinations; liturgical assistant of the officiating priest; disciple, follower
homerisch	a		Homeric (pertaining to Homer, his genre of epic or his style)
roeier	n	de · mv. roeiers	rower
bootsman	n	de · mv. bootsmannen	bosun, boatswain
bootsmannetje	n	het · mv. bootsmannetjes	backswimmer (aquatic insect)
roeken	v	rocht – gerocht	to pay attention to, to heed; to care about, to worry about
lattenbodem	n	de · mv. lattenbodems	slatted base (of a bed)
blijheid	n	de	happiness
smeerpoets	n	de · mv. smeerpoetsen	dirty or gross person, dirty fellow
kerkbank	n	de · mv. kerkbanken	a pew (church bench)
tafelpoot	n	de · mv. tafelpoten	table leg
babyshampoo	n	de · mv. babyshampoos	shampoo meant for a baby
rondreizen	v	reisde rond – rondgereisd	to roam, to travel without a specific destination
draaisnelheid	n	de · mv. draaisnelheden	rotational speed
skivakantie	n	de · mv. skivakanties	ski holiday
kruisvormig	a		cross-shaped, cruciform
dikzak	n	de · mv. dikzakken	fatass
windhaan	n	de · mv. windhanen	weathercock
weerhaan	n	de · mv. weerhanen	weathercock
achterruit	n	de · mv. achterruiten	rear window (of a car)
achterruitenwisser	n	de · mv. achterruitenwissers	windscreen wiper for the rear window of a car
Franeker	m		Franeker (a city and former municipality of Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands)
moeial	n	de · mv. moeiallen	busybody
vrachtschip	n	het · mv. vrachtschepen	cargo ship
salmiakdrop	n	de/het	licorice with ammonium chloride
bietsuiker	n	de	beet sugar
rietsuiker	n	de	cane sugar
contractie	n	de · mv. contracties	contraction
afscheiding	n	de · mv. afscheidingen	separation; discharge; secretion
coöperatie	n	de · mv. coöperaties	cooperation; cooperative
samenwerkingsverband	n	de · mv. samenwerkingsverbanden	cooperation of organisations
meedenken	v	dacht mee – meegedacht	to think along
belegger	n	de · mv. beleggers	investor
smartengeld	n	het · mv. smartengelden	equitable remedy
Schaap	m		a surname
tonijn	n	de · mv. tonijnen	tuna (fish)
Schelle	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
melker	n	de · mv. melkers	a milker (one who milks); a bird fancier, a bird keeper
aanwijzingsbord	n	het · mv. aanwijzingsborden	notice sign
aardas	n	de	Earth axis
telen	v	teelde – geteeld	to cultivate, to grow plants, notably crops; to raise, to breed animals or (figurative, notably a type of) men
Stofberg	m		a surname
verdorie	i		darn it, blast, rats
Raków	m		Raków (Polish town 1569–1869 and village 1869–present, important centre of…
combinatietang	n	de · mv. combinatietangen	combination pliers, lineman's pliers
combinatiesleutel	n	de · mv. combinatiesleutels	combination wrench, combination spanner
menievogel	n	de · mv. menievogels	minivet
menie	n	de · mv. menieën	red lead
loodmenie	n	de · mv. loodmenieën	red lead
nakken	v	nakte – genakt	to steal; to screw (over); to snort drugs
schildersplakband	n	de/het · mv. schildersplakbanden	masking tape
haardkleed	n	het · mv. haardkleden	hearthrug
gestrest	a		stressed (mentally/emotionally)
ruimtetijd	n	de	spacetime
sesamolie	n	de · mv. sesamoliën	sesame oil
Indiër	n	de · mv. Indiërs	an Indian (an inhabitant of the country, India)
Indiase	n	de · mv. Indiasen	a female Indian (a female inhabitant of the country, India)
torsen	v	torste – getorst	to carry or bear with difficulty
transfobie	n	de	transphobia
siervuurwerk	n	het	fireworks that primarily create visual displays (as opposed to creating…
knalvuurwerk	n	het	fireworks that primarily create bangs (as opposed to creating a visual display)
stunten	v	stuntte – gestunt	to stunt, to do stunts; to deliver an extraordinary performance; to offer a bargain, an unusually low price
studentikoos	a		in a student-like, often also jocular, way
slagroomtaart	n		cream pie
obductie	n	de · mv. obducties	autopsy; autopsy requiring the express consent of relatives
songfestival	n	het · mv. songfestivals	song contest
filmfestival	n	het · mv. filmfestivals	film festival
bloedspat	n	de · mv. bloedspatten	blood stain
zadelkleed	n	het · mv. zadelkleden	saddlecloth
haasje	n	het · mv. haasjes	leveret
slachter	n	de · mv. slachters	slaughterer
bulos	n	de · mv. bulossen	an ox that was formerly used as a stud bull
spaghettivreter	n	de · mv. spaghettivreters	dago, wop, greaseball (person of Italian descent)
klerelijer	n	de · mv. klerelijers	motherfucker
maarja	d		anyway, anyhow, anyhoo
programmering	n	de · mv. programmeringen	programming; programming (scheduling of a television or radio programme)
informaticus	n	de · mv. informatici	computer scientist
cassetteband	n	de · mv. cassettebanden	cassette tape
organisatorisch	a		organizational
organisatorisch	d		organizationally
terreurpleger	n	de · mv. terreurplegers	terrorist
tekstuitlegger	n	de · mv. tekstuitleggers	exegete
revolte	n	de · mv. revolten	revolt
sofisme	n	het · mv. sofismen	sophism, the practices and doctrines of the sophists, ancient Greek…; fallacy, sophism
reservedeel	n	het · mv. reservedelen	spare part
reserveonderdeel	n	het · mv. reserveonderdelen	spare part
poepie	n	het · mv. poepies	sweetie, cutie (term of endearment, typically for young children or animals)
belichamen	v	belichaamde – belichaamd	to embody
pakje	n	het · mv. pakjes	present, gift
spectrografie	n	de	spectrography
piccalilly	n	de	piccalilli
achterzetsel	n	het · mv. achterzetsels	postposition
duikplank	n	de · mv. duikplanken	pool springboard, diving board
opdrinken	v	dronk op – opgedronken	to drink up, to finish one's drink
ontwikkelingsvoorsprong	n	de · mv. ontwikkelingsvoorsprongen	an advantage in mental development; comparable to the English term gifted…
vergaderzaal	n	de · mv. vergaderzalen	meeting room, conference room
Horne	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Morin	n	de · mv. Morinnen	a female Moor (member of a Berber people from western North Africa, ruling…; a female black person; a negress
geboortejaar	n	het · mv. geboortejaren	year of a person's birth; a birthyear
geboortedag	n	de · mv. geboortedagen	day of a person's birth
thermiet	n	het	thermite
krimi	n	de · mv. krimi's	a crime fiction or a crime series, specifically a German-language one
kokerrok	n	de · mv. kokerrokken	pencil skirt
potloodrok	n	de · mv. potloodrokken	synonym of kokerrok (“pencil skirt”)
hockeyen	v	hockeyde – gehockeyd	to play hockey, to play field hockey
nagelriem	n	de · mv. nagelriemen	cuticle (the strip of hardened skin at the base and sides of a fingernail or…
stijlmiddel	n	het · mv. stijlmiddelen	stylistic device, literary device
metaboliet	n	de · mv. metabolieten	metabolite
bloedstolling	n	de	clotting, coagulation of blood
stommerd	n	de · mv. stommerds	a dumbo, a stupid person, a stupid-head
overdosis	n	de · mv. overdoses	overdose
stratosfeer	n	de	stratosphere
strijdster	n	de · mv. strijdsters	fighter
voorvechtster	n	de · mv. voorvechtsters	champion (defender of a cause)
solist	n	de · mv. solisten	a soloist
hunebed	n	het · mv. hunebedden	dolmen
vlaai	n	de · mv. vlaaien	a type of fruit pie traditionally made and consumed in the Limburg province…
boerenkool	n	de · mv. boerenkolen	kale, curly kale, one of several cultivars of Brassica oleracea
suikerrietplantage	n	de · mv. suikerrietplantages	sugar cane plantation
tandrad	n	het · mv. tandraderen	gearwheel, cogwheel
calamiteitenzender	n	de · mv. calamiteitenzenders	a public television channel that will broadcast in case of a disaster
dagdagelijks	a		day in day out
spookschip	n	het · mv. spookschepen	ghost ship
schaampruik	n	de · mv. schaampruiken	merkin
eenbrauw	n	de · mv. eenbrauwen	unibrow
brauw	n	de · mv. brauwen	brow
oogbrauw	n	de · mv. oogbrauwen	eyelash; eyelid; eyebrow
schelf	n	de · mv. schelven	storage floor for hay or straw, often above a stable; stack
werkloosheidsval	n	de · mv. werkloosheidsvallen	welfare trap
vlaggenlijn	n	de · mv. vlaggenlijnen	bunting; halyard
contradictie	n	de · mv. contradicties	contradiction
pantograaf	n	de · mv. pantografen	pantograph (a tool for drawing); pantograph (a current collector on trains)
tennisster	n	de · mv. tennissters	female tennis player
blaaskanker	n	de · mv. blaaskankers	bladder cancer
Alders	m		a surname
weerkaatsing	n	de · mv. weerkaatsingen	reflection
permissie	n	de · mv. permissies	permission
keyboardspeler	n	de · mv. keyboardspelers	keyboardist
keyboardspeelster	n	de · mv. keyboardspeelsters	female keyboardist
toetseniste	n	de · mv. toetsenistes	female keyboardist
tondel	n	het	tinder
toneelmeester	n	de · mv. toneelmeesters	stage manager
Beitel	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
arbeidsloos	a		unemployed
inviteren	v	inviteerde – geïnviteerd	to invite
schoenlapper	n	de · mv. schoenlappers	cobbler
botervlieg	n	de · mv. botervliegen	butterfly
fladderaar	n	de · mv. fladderaars	someone or something that flutters; butterfly
vijfwouter	n	de · mv. vijfwouters	butterfly
dramaticus	n	de · mv. dramatici	playwright
stierenvechter	n	de · mv. stierenvechters	one who engages in bullfighting; a toreador or bullfighter
heildronk	n	de · mv. heildronken	toast, honouring or salutation by raising a drink
jekker	n	de · mv. jekkers	jacket, short coat, jerkin; a short men’s jacket, especially one associated with sailors or workwear
schroefdraad	n	de · mv. schroefdraden	screw thread
incantatie	n	de · mv. incantaties	incantation, magic spell; incantation, any chanted formula
bloedtransfusie	n	de · mv. bloedtransfusies	blood transfusion
boomholte	n	de · mv. boomholten	tree cavity, hollow space in a tree
trichotillomanie	n	de	trichotillomania
trouwkleed	n	het · mv. trouwkleden	wedding dress
interventiemacht	n	de · mv. interventiemachten	humanitarian intervention
diptiek	n	de/het · mv. diptieken	diptych
triptiek	n	de/het · mv. triptieken	triptych
verhalenverteller	n	de · mv. verhalenvertellers	story teller
verhalenvertelster	n	de · mv. verhalenvertelsters	female story teller
vertelster	n	de · mv. vertelsters	female narrator
buiktyfus	n	de	typhoid fever
eruptie	n	de · mv. erupties	eruption
vulkaanuitbarsting	n	de · mv. vulkaanuitbarstingen	volcanic eruption
invitatie	n	de · mv. invitaties	invitation
exclusie	n	de · mv. exclusies	exclusion
emissie	n	de · mv. emissies	emission, release
uitgifte	n	de · mv. uitgiften	emission (of stocks or stamps)
wegwerpaansteker	n	de · mv. wegwerpaanstekers	disposable lighter
exceptie	n	de	exception; legal defence appealing to non-applicability
roedel	n	de · mv. roedels	group of animals, especially a pack of wolves
veganiste	n	de · mv. veganistes	a female vegan
elger	n	de · mv. elgers	spear for fishing eel
aalvork	n	de · mv. aalvorken	eelspear, spear for fishing eel
aaibaar	a		pettable, able to be petted; gentle, docile, tame, cute, cuddly; having qualities suited to being pettable
aanbevelingsbrief	n	de · mv. aanbevelingsbrieven	letter of recommendation
aanbevelingscomité	n	het · mv. aanbevelingscomités	committee of recommendation
aamborstig	a		dyspneic
kortademig	a		dyspneic, being short of breath
aanbeeldsblok	n	het · mv. aanbeeldsblokken	supporting block for an anvil
aambeeldsblok	n	het · mv. aambeeldsblokken	supporting block for an anvil
aalvormig	a		eel shaped
aanbiedingsbrief	n	de · mv. aanbiedingsbrieven	quotation (naming of a price)
aanbidder	n	de · mv. aanbidders	worshipper; admirer
aanbidster	n	de · mv. aanbidsters	female worshipper; female admirer
aanbiedingsprijs	n	de · mv. aanbiedingsprijzen	special offer, discount price
aanbodeconomie	n	de	supply-side economics
aanbodcurve	n	de · mv. aanbodcurven	supply curve
vraagcurve	n	de · mv. vraagcurven	demand curve
aalstal	n	de · mv. aalstallen	an enclosed part of a river or a stream to trap eels in; commonly used in…
sonatine	n	de · mv. sonatines	sonatina
akkerbouwbedrijf	n	het · mv. akkerbouwbedrijven	arable farm
oehoe	n	de · mv. oehoes	Eurasian eagle owl (Bubo bubo); An eagle owl; an owl of the genus Bubo
oehoe	i		The sound an eagle owl makes
oehoeën	v	oehoede – geoehoed	to hoot (of owls)
schuttersvis	n	de · mv. schuttersvissen	archerfish, specifically largescale archerfish
graniet	n	de/het	granite
deurmat	n	de · mv. deurmatten	doormat (mat placed near a door)
alarmbel	n	de · mv. alarmbellen	alarm bell
reclamefolder	n	de · mv. reclamefolders	leaflet with advertising
aanbiedingsfolder	n	de · mv. aanbiedingsfolders	leaflet with advertising, especially for wares at discount prices
glibberig	a		slippery, slithery
Gracht	m		a hamlet in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
aalsvel	n	het · mv. aalsvellen	skin of an eel
aanaarding	n	de · mv. aanaardingen	earthing-up (soil)
aanaardploeg	n	de · mv. aanaardploegen	plough apt to earth up soil
aanbelang	n	het	importance, interest
aanberming	n	de · mv. aanbermingen	the reinforcing of (the base of) a dyke/levee
aalsteker	n	de · mv. aalstekers	spear for fishing eel
aanbevolene	n	de · mv. aanbevolenen	one who is recommended
aanblazing	n	de	inspiration
aanbouwing	n	de · mv. aanbouwingen	annex, extension to a building
aanbouwsel	n	de · mv. aanbouwsels	annex, extension to a building
aanbrenger	n	de · mv. aanbrengers	denouncer, one who reports a legal matter to the authorities; telltale, one who tattles
aanbrengertje	n	het · mv. aanbrengertjes	synonym of weidemolen, a small windmill to drain a meadow
weidemolen	n	de · mv. weidemolens	meadow mill, a small windmill to drain an meadow
aamt	n	de	udder edema, a condition of bovines, goats and sheep before delivery of…
aalvlug	a		quick as an eel; elusive, hard to catch
aalglad	a		as slippery as an eel; elusive, hard to catch
aanbodkant	n	de	supply side
aanbodzijde	n	de	supply side
wulk	n	de · mv. wulken	true whelk (one of certain whelks (edible sea snails) of the genus Buccinum); common whelk (Buccinum undatum)
baardig	a		bearded
aanbesteding	n	de · mv. aanbestedingen	tender, quote, a formal offer
aanbestedingsbeleid	n	het	tendering policy
aanbestedingsprocedure	n	de · mv. aanbestedingsprocedures	tender procedure
aanbestedingsregel	n	de · mv. aanbestedingsregels	tendering rule
aanbestedingsregeling	n	de · mv. aanbestedingsregelingen	tendering system, procurement regime
aanbestedingsvoorwaarde	n	de · mv. aanbestedingsvoorwaarden	contract award requirement
aanbodoverschot	n	het · mv. aanbodoverschotten	oversupply
vraagtekort	n	het · mv. vraagtekorten	demand deficit
aagje	n	het · mv. aagjes	a very curious person, "Paulina Pry"
aandachtsstreep	n	de · mv. aandachtsstrepen	em dash of en dash, used to denote a break in a sentence or to set off…
gedachtestreep	n	de · mv. gedachtestrepen	em dash of en dash, used to denote a break in a sentence or to set off…
aanbrug	n	de · mv. aanbruggen	connection between the main span of a bridge and a bridge pillar or the bank…
temmer	n	de · mv. temmers	tamer (person who tames)
wifi	n	de · mv. wifi's	Wi-Fi
aandachtsgebied	n	het · mv. aandachtsgebieden	focus, center of attention
aandachtsaspect	n	het · mv. aandachtsaspecten	aspect of attention
aandachtspunt	n	het · mv. aandachtspunten	focus (of attention)
pijnigen	v	pijnigde – gepijnigd	to torment, torture; to hurt, to harm; to make a great, painstaking effort
ondervrager	n	de · mv. ondervragers	interrogator
aanbesteder	n	de · mv. aanbesteders	tendering party, contract awarder
aanbodbeleid	n	het	supply policy
wasem	n	de · mv. wasemen	water vapour; condensation
achterstevoren	d		backwards, backwards-facing
renaal	a		pertaining to the kidneys
boommarter	n	de · mv. boommarters	pine marten (Martes martes)
steenmarter	n	de · mv. steenmarters	beech marten (Martes foina)
fluwijn	n	het · mv. fluwijnen	synonym of steenmarter (“beech marten (Martes foina)”)
leeuwaapje	n	het · mv. leeuwaapjes	lion tamarin (monkey of genus Leontopithecus)
aandachtsteken	n	het · mv. aandachtstekens	attention sign (in traffic or in a text)
aandachttrekkerij	n	de · mv. aandachttrekkerijen	the drawing of attention (in an irritating manner)
aandachtsveld	n	het · mv. aandachtsvelden	focus, center of attention
aandachtsverlies	n	het	loss of attention
aandachtsterrein	n	het · mv. aandachtsterreinen	focus, center of attention
aandachtspuntenlijst	n	de · mv. aandachtspuntenlijsten	list of points that require special attention
aandachtstrekker	n	de · mv. aandachtstrekkers	someone who draws attention (in an irritating manner)
aandachtsgroep	n	de · mv. aandachtsgroepen	group (of people) that needs special attention
exceptioneel	a		exceptional, as, of or pertaining to an exception; exceptional, rare, better than average
aandachtigheid	n	de	attentiveness, attention
decoreren	v	decoreerde – gedecoreerd	to decorate
aandelenbezit	n	het	shareholding, the possession of shares
aandelenbezitter	n	de · mv. aandelenbezitters	shareholder
aandeelhoudster	n	de · mv. aandeelhoudsters	female shareholder
houdster	n	de · mv. houdsters	female holder, bearer
huishoudster	n	de · mv. huishoudsters	female housekeeper, cleaning lady
aanbrengst	n	de · mv. aanbrengsten	that what is brought in (in legal matters)
afwisseling	n	de · mv. afwisselingen	change, variation; alternation
anamnese	n	de · mv. anamneses	anamnesis (patient's account of their medical history); anamnesis (recollection of innate knowledge acquired before birth, according…; anamnesis (remembrance and celebration of God’s works by the liturgy of the…
rotsklimmen	n	het	rock climbing
afslachting	n	de · mv. afslachtingen	massacre
echopraxie	n	de	echopraxia
molshoop	n	de · mv. molshopen	molehill
maniak	n	de · mv. maniakken	maniac, a manic individual; maniac, obsessive, fanatic
kokako	n	de · mv. kokako's	the kokako, Callaeas wilsoni
veertoestel	n	de · mv. veertoestellen	spring rider (playing device)
allerbest	a		very best, best of all
rapportage	n	de · mv. rapportages	rapportage, reporting, reportage
Barneveld	m		Barneveld (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Egmont	m		a surname
Montfort	m		a town and former municipality of Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
versterking	n	de · mv. versterkingen	strengthening; amplification; reinforcement, backup
Cornwallis	m		Cornwall (a duchy and county of England, United Kingdom)
klavier	n	het · mv. klavieren	piano (string instrument); keyboard (set of keys to operate a musical instrument)
spreng	n	de · mv. sprengen	small spring, especially the source of a creek
Zand	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
stickie	n	het · mv. stickies	a marihuana cigarette (generally smaller than a joint)
sojaolie	n	de · mv. sojaoliën	soybean oil
kokosolie	n	de · mv. kokosoliën	coconut oil
Roos	m		a female given name
amoebedysenterie	n	de	amoebic dysentery
solidair	a		solidary
heemraad	n	de · mv. heemraden	a member of such a council
gerief	n	het	comfort, ease; use, utility; equipment, tools
oneerlijk	a		dishonest; unfair, unjust
oneerlijkheid	n	de	dishonesty; unfairness, unjustness
quadrone	n	de · mv. quadronen	synonym of quarterone
electuarium	n	het · mv. electuaria	electuary (medicine mixed with honey or some kind of syrup)
applaus	n	het	applause
zitbeen	n	het · mv. zitbeenderen	ischium
klager	n	de · mv. klagers	complainant, one making a complaint
sphynx	n	de · mv. sphynxen	Sphynx cat
cisman	n	de · mv. cismannen	a cis man
vertrekstaat	n	de · mv. vertrekstaten	timetable of departures
wasser	n	de · mv. wassers	a washer, someone who washes
tegenaan	p		against (touching); into (in collision with)
Wier	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
kauwgom	n	de/het · mv. kauwgommen	chewing gum
bleiten	v	bleitte – gebleit	to loudly cry, to whine
obscuur	a		obscure
faas	n	de · mv. fazen	fess
papaja	n	de · mv. papaja's	papaya
lessenaar	n	de · mv. lessenaars	lectern, stand for books or lecture notes; teacher's desk; desk
bekaaid	a		having come off badly, let down, disappointed, disadvantaged; bad, poor
toebedelen	v	bedeelde toe – toebedeeld	assign; allot
vochtgebied	n	het · mv. vochtgebieden	wetland
kooivechter	n	de · mv. kooivechters	cage fighter, mixed martial artist
Brexit	m		Brexit
voortbrengsel	n	het · mv. voortbrengselen	the product (of something) (in a creative rather than an economic sense); the offspring (of someone); the return or benefit (of something)
gaffelpen	n	de · mv. gaffelpennen	clevis pin
ziekenwagen	n	de · mv. ziekenwagens	ambulance
thuiswerk	n	het	work from home
schooien	v	schooide – geschooid	to beg, implore, beseech
shoppen	v	shopte – geshopt	to shop
niffo	n	de · mv. niffo's	synonym of neef; mate, friend
pagekapsel	n	het · mv. pagekapsels	bob (hairdo)
biofysica	n	de · mv. biofysica's	biophysics
kunstpaus	n	de · mv. kunstpausen	an art expert with significant influence on what is generally considered…
mondaard	n	de · mv. mondaarden	dialect
ondereen	d		amongst ourselves or themselves
kriek	n	de · mv. krieken	morello cherry Prunus cerasus; kriek (cherry beer); a cricket, insect of the family Gryllidae
aanaarden	v	aardde aan – aangeaard	to cover the roots or tubers of plants with soil, as to protect from light…
heemstede	n	de · mv. heemsteden	a house together with surrounding land and buildings, especially on a farm;…
rafelsteen	n	de · mv. rafelstenen	a polyhedron used in games of chance; a die
rafel	n	de · mv. rafels	frayed thread; type of game played with three dice; a throw of three dice
wurgpaal	n	de · mv. wurgpalen	garrote
donormoeheid	n	de	donor fatigue (decrease in giving donations to charities due to the…
groepsvordering	n	de · mv. groepsvorderingen	class action
Mauritanië	m		Mauritania (a country in West Africa)
hellegeest	n	de · mv. hellegeesten	hell-spirit, devil, demon
Roodkapje	m		Little Red Riding Hood
barlebaan	n	de · mv. barlebanen	devil, evil spirit
dogen	v	doogde – gedoogd	to suffer through, to endure; synonym of gedogen
dorren	v	dorde – gedord	to wither
reaal	n	de · mv. realen	reaal
Soest	m		a town and municipality of Utrecht, the Netherlands; a town and rural district of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
Icarus	m		Icarus (Greek mythological figure whose wings disintegrated, drowned in the…
leverbot	n	de · mv. leverbotten	liver fluke (Fasciola hepatica), a parasitic trematode
liberalisme	n	het · mv. liberalismen	liberalism (political ideology that prioritises relatively limited…; liberalism (school of international relations that emphasises cooperation…
grimmen	v	grimde – gegrimd	to grimace
swingen	v	swingde – geswingd	to swing
ING	m		ING (a Dutch multinational banking and financial services corporation)
plesiosaurus	n	de · mv. plesiosaurussen	plesiosaur
zemelaar	n	de · mv. zemelaars	curmudgeon, whiner
nering	n	de · mv. neringen	one's living; source of income
weiden	v	weidde – geweid	to (let/make) graze
kaleren	v		eat completely
brol	n	de	rubbish, crap, things of inferior quality or little value
inflatie	n	de · mv. inflaties	inflation, increase in the general price level; cosmic inflation, the expansion of the universe after the Big Bang
veronachtzamen	v	veronachtzaamde – veronachtzaamd	to not pay attention to, ignore, disregard
terugschrikken	v	schrok terug – teruggeschrokken	shrink/shy away from, afraid of doing/using
Horsten	m		a hamlet in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Bunde	m		a village and former municipality of Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Flevo	m		Flevo (lake in what is now the Netherlands, known in Roman times)
wadlopen	v		to walk or wade across mudflats at low tide as a recreational activity
bedwants	n	de · mv. bedwantsen	bedbug (Cimex lectularius)
onbetrouwbaar	a		unreliable, untrustworthy
aanlegsteiger	n	de · mv. aanlegsteigers	jetty (to moor boats to)
aanmaakblokje	n	het · mv. aanmaakblokjes	firelighter
aanmaakhout	n	het	wood to light a fire with
aanmaakhoutje	n	het · mv. aanmaakhoutjes	small piece of wood to light a fire with
gup	n	de · mv. guppen	guppy (freshwater fish of the species Poecilia reticulata); any small fish; anything small
Rotte	m		a river in and near Rotterdam, and part of the Rhine–Meuse–Scheldt delta; a hamlet in Lansingerland, South Holland, Netherlands
Holy	m		a neighbourhood of Vlaardingen, South Holland, Netherlands
overhands	a		alternating, notably manually, notably left–right, as when stitching
Dein	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
wentelteefje	n	het · mv. wentelteefjes	French toast; sometimes used as a pet name for women; cutie pie, cupcake, candy, pumpkin
schrijnwerker	n	de · mv. schrijnwerkers	cabinetmaker; carpenter
lijfreuk	n		body odor
rechtzetten	v	zette recht – rechtgezet	to stand up, to set upright; to rectify, to correct (a mistake)
aandeelbewijs	n	het · mv. aandeelbewijzen	proof of possession of shares
premiejager	n	de · mv. premiejagers	bounty hunter; some kind of stock market speculator who sells early
aanbrengpremie	n	de · mv. aanbrengpremies	bounty, prize for someone brought in to justice
verzekeringspremie	n	de · mv. verzekeringspremies	the amount to be paid for an insurance policy, insurance premium
meers	n	de · mv. meersen	grassland or meadow near water; marshy pasture
swaffelen	v	swaffelde – geswaffeld	to hit one's penis—often repeatedly—against an object or another person's…
hoofdas	n	de · mv. hoofdassen	main axis
hoofdinspecteur	n	de · mv. hoofdinspecteurs	chief inspector
hoofdplaats	n	de · mv. hoofdplaatsen	the most important place in a region, such as a capital, seat of government,…; an important place in a region
vooruitkijken	v	keek vooruit – vooruitgekeken	to look ahead, prospect; to look ahead to
lurex	n	de/het	Lurex
verknallen	v	verknalde – verknald	to squander, screw up (one's choices); to shoot a firework
Huberta	m		a female given name
Alting	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
armzalig	a		pitiful, miserable, paltry
transhumanisme	n	het	transhumanism
Fake	m		a male given name
Kladde	m		a hamlet in Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
snars	n	de	very little, next to nothing
Klei	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
radiostilte	n	de · mv. radiostilten	radio silence (cessation of radio communication); radio silence (absence of any communication)
psychonaute	n	de · mv. psychonautes	a woman who explores her own psyche, commonly with the aid of psychedelic…
alirocumab	n	het	alirocumab
Bierk	m		Bierghes, a village in Belgium
plaatsnaam	n	de · mv. plaatsnamen	toponym
rücksichtslos	a		ruthless
jeugdsentiment	n	het · mv. jeugdsentimenten	the feeling or sentiment of youth; a youthful feeling
glip	n	de · mv. glippen	gash, a deep cut
psychopathisch	a		psychopathic
Woud	m		a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
uitvinken	v	vinkte uit – uitgevinkt	to uncheck
ijsvrij	n	het	a snow day
ijsvrij	a		iceless
riks	n	de · mv. riksen	a coin worth 2½ guilders
juffrouw	n	de · mv. juffrouwen	young woman, normally unmarried; female teacher at a primary school or a nursing school
narcist	n	de · mv. narcisten	narcissist
veiler	n	de · mv. veilers	auctioneer
openhalen	v	haalde open – opengehaald	to gash, to slice open
roeiriem	n	de · mv. roeiriemen	oar
druivensuiker	n	de · mv. druivensuikers	glucose
louteren	v	louterde – gelouterd	cleanse
heraut	n	de · mv. herauten	herald
shitshow	n	de · mv. shitshows	shit show
encefalitis	n	de · mv. encefalitissen	encephalitis
stamppot	n	de · mv. stamppotten	a dish of mash and vegetables, often with bacon or other meat and served…
kantoortaal	n	de · mv. kantoortalen	corporatespeak
kolom	n	de · mv. kolommen	column; column, i.e. vertical line of entries in a table; column, i.e. vertical body of text
bottel	n	de · mv. bottels	hip, rosehip; bottle
Grotius	m		a surname
Top	m		a surname
Tol	m		a surname
heien	v	heide – geheid	to drive (a pile, plank or wall) into the ground
adblocker	n	de · mv. adblockers	adblocker
ontharing	n	de · mv. ontharingen	hair removal, depilation
ontharen	v	onthaarde – onthaard	to remove the hair from, to depilate
verlijden	v	verleed – verleden	to expire, to end; to declare binding
bladschede	n	de · mv. bladscheden	leaf sheath
ruisen	v	ruiste – geruist	to rustle (e.g. of leaves)
zweetklier	n	de · mv. zweetklieren	sweat gland
prentenboek	n	het · mv. prentenboeken	picture book
koningin-moeder	n	de · mv. koningin-moeders	queen mother
Kats	m		a village and former municipality of Noord-Beveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
salafisme	n	het	Salafism (Sunni movement that seeks to align modern Islam with early Islam)
goudvink	n	de · mv. goudvinken	bullfinch (Pyrrhula pyrrhula)
farmaceut	n	de · mv. farmaceuten	a pharmaceutical company; an expert or student in pharmaceutics
zelve	r		herself, itself... etc. normally used in terms that describe a model
inborst	n	de · mv. inborsten	character, nature, personality
downie	n	de · mv. downies	a Downie, a person with Down's syndrome
pelsrob	n	de · mv. pelsrobben	fur seal, pinniped of the subfamily Arctocephalinae
verpleger	n	de · mv. verplegers	nurse
verpleegkundige	n	de · mv. verpleegkundigen	nurse
Witmarsum	m		a village and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
morsdood	a		stone dead; utterly dead
wekkerradio	n	de · mv. wekkerradio's	clock radio
respiratie	n	de · mv. respiraties	respiration
leeuwerik	n	de · mv. leeuweriken	lark, bird of the family Alaudidae
sanshin	n	de · mv. sanshins	sanshin
anabaptisme	n	het	Anabaptism
antifascisme	n	het · mv. antifascismes	anti-fascism
eurocommunisme	n	het	Eurocommunism
kaaskop	n	de · mv. kaaskoppen	a mold in which Edam cheese is pressed; idiot, stupid person; Hollander
appen	v	appte – geappt	to send a message using a mobile app
updaten	v	updatete – geüpdatet	to update
showproces	n	het · mv. showprocessen	show trial
watergang	n	de · mv. watergangen	watercourse; a waterway used for diverting disposed excess water
Elsenfors	m		Helsinki (the capital city of Finland)
kardinaalrood	a		cardinal (color)
Lokeren	m		a municipality of East Flanders, Belgium; a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
vetzak	n	de · mv. vetzakken	fatso, lard-ass
Thailands	a		Thai, relating to Thailand and/or its people; in or relating to the Thai language
deleten	v	deletete – gedeletet	to delete
Middel	m		a hamlet in Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
klaploper	n	de · mv. klaplopers	sponger, freeloader
uitvreter	n	de · mv. uitvreters	sponger, deadbeat
klojo	n	de · mv. klojo's	a jerk, a git (objectionable person)
apenkop	n	de · mv. apenkoppen	mischievous child, brat; head of a monkey
wegpiraat	n	de · mv. wegpiraten	a dangerous, aggressive and/or inconsiderate motorist, a road hog
patser	n	de · mv. patsers	show-off, showboat
Rien	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
liegbeest	n	het · mv. liegbeesten	liar
jokkebrok	n	de · mv. jokkebrokken	liar
jaknikker	n	de · mv. jaknikkers	yes man, one who habitually and uncritically agrees with anybody; pumpjack
dierenbeul	n	de · mv. dierenbeulen	one who deliberately ill-treats / torments animals, e.g. a zoosadist
moppentapper	n	de · mv. moppentappers	joker, person who tells or likes to tell jokes
brombeer	n	de · mv. bromberen	grouch, grump (usually male)
ravenzwart	a		raven (color)
springmes	n	het · mv. springmessen	flick knife, switchblade
ooglap	n	de · mv. ooglappen	eye patch
pierewaaier	n	de · mv. pierewaaiers	a superficial person, one who doesn't take things seriously
flierefluiter	n	de · mv. flierefluiters	someone with a happy-go-lucky mentality, a frivolous person
eetpiraat	n	de · mv. eetpiraten	one who dines and dashes
roomwit	a		cream (color)
azuurblauw	a		azure (color)
zielenknijper	n	de · mv. zielenknijpers	shrink, head-shrinker
flessentrekker	n	de · mv. flessentrekkers	swindler, fraudster
zweefteef	n	de · mv. zweefteven	a woman who has an unrealistic worldview, who is out of touch with reality…; a stewardess, an air hostess
krullenbol	n	de · mv. krullenbollen	a head with lots of curls; curlyhead, curly-haired person
krullenkop	n	de · mv. krullenkoppen	a head with lots of curls; a curly-headed person, a curly
miezerd	n	de · mv. miezerds	a puny guy
oceaanbodem	n	de · mv. oceaanbodems	ocean floor, seabed
oceaanwater	n	het · mv. oceaanwateren	oceanwater
slootwater	n	het · mv. slootwateren	ditchwater; any weak or watery drink; swill
strandweer	n	het	pleasant weather that makes people (want to) go to the beach
hoofdkaas	n	de	brawn, head cheese
speelhal	n	de · mv. speelhallen	arcade, amusement arcade
automatenhal	n	de · mv. automatenhallen	arcade, amusement arcade
drankorgel	n	het · mv. drankorgels	boozer, lush, someone who is constantly drunk
filmploeg	n	de · mv. filmploegen	film crew
cameraploeg	n	de · mv. cameraploegen	film crew
aardappelveld	n	het · mv. aardappelvelden	potato field
brandbom	n	de · mv. brandbommen	firebomb, incendiary bomb
bestaansminimum	n	het · mv. bestaansminima	subsistence income; legally set minimum income
bijzonderheid	n	de · mv. bijzonderheden	specialness, exceptionality, unusualness, the property of being exceptional,…; an exceptional circumstance
boemelen	v	boemelde – geboemeld	to go out at bars and cafés; to get drunk, typically in a boisterous or lavish fashion; to scrounge, to leech
boetedoening	n	de · mv. boetedoeningen	act of making amends; atonement; act of serving a sentence
gevangennemen	v	nam gevangen – gevangengenomen	to take prisoner
geuzenvlag	n	de · mv. geuzenvlaggen	small flag consisting of a white erect cross with triangular elements and a…
geuzelambiek	n	de · mv. geuzelambieken	Belgian lambic made by fermenting a blend of young and old lambics
weerbestendig	a		weather-resistant
wenskaart	n	de · mv. wenskaarten	greeting card
werelds	a		worldly
kerstfuif	n	de · mv. kerstfuiven	Christmas party
specialiteit	n	de · mv. specialiteiten	specialty
Fikkie	m		clichéd name for a dog, Rover
apennoot	n	de · mv. apennoten	peanut
baardaap	n	de · mv. baardapen	the lion-tailed macaque (Macaca silenus); someone with a (large) beard
hormoonverstoorder	n	de · mv. hormoonverstoorders	endocrine disruptor
ammehoela	i		no way!, yeah right!, I don't think so!; not on your life!, I don't think so!, whatever!
paardenbek	n	de · mv. paardenbekken	a horse's mouth; a mouth that bears resemblance to that of a horse, a broad mouth with a set…
apenkooi	n	de · mv. apenkooien	a place where apes and/or monkeys are kept, an apery; a variation of tag, usually played in school gyms, where players are not…
apenkooien	v	apenkooide – geapenkooid	to play a game of "apenkooi"
speknek	n	de · mv. speknekken	a fat, blubbery neck; a person with a fat, blubbery neck
kaasmaker	n	de · mv. kaasmakers	cheesemaker
kwartel	n	de · mv. kwartels	quail (bird of the genus Coturnix); common quail (Coturnix coturnix)
kattenkop	n	de · mv. kattenkoppen	a cat's head; a one-piece power outlet splitter; a bitchy woman
kattenkwaad	n	het	vexatious conduct, mischief
krokodillenbek	n	de · mv. krokodillenbekken	a crocodile's mouth; an alligator clip
krokodillenklem	n	de · mv. krokodillenklemmen	an alligator clip
hanenkam	n	de · mv. hanenkammen	a cockscomb, the fleshy crest on the top of a rooster's head; a Mohawk (hairstyle); synonym of cantharel (“chanterelle”)
liefdesbrief	n	de · mv. liefdesbrieven	love letter
trekpop	n	de · mv. trekpoppen	jumping-jack
puntdak	n	het · mv. puntdaken	a pyramid-shaped roof; a gable roof
mediene	n	de	Jewish communities in the Netherlands outside Amsterdam; the provinces,…
Jozef	m		Joseph, son of Jacob (Biblical character); Joseph, father of Jesus of Nazareth (Biblical character); a male given name, equivalent to English Joseph
Hollenberg	m		a hamlet in Aalten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Both	m		a surname
automatiseren	v	automatiseerde – geautomatiseerd	to automate
kikkerland	n	het · mv. kikkerlanden	a small, unimportant and rather wet country, virtually exclusively said of…
stuipen	v	stoop – gestopen	to bend the upper part of the body forward and downward; to stoop; to flog
dansplaat	n	de · mv. dansplaten	a record or CD that contains music suitable for dancing
flakka	n	de	flakka
secretarisvogel	n	de · mv. secretarisvogels	secretary bird
taalgrens	n	de · mv. taalgrenzen	a language border, a boundary separating two language areas
ausradieren	v		to eradicate, to exterminate; to clear, to efface, to erase
knuffelbeer	n	de · mv. knuffelberen	teddy bear
njet	d		no
njet	n	het	no
struikelmat	n	de · mv. struikelmatten	a hard and pointy rubber mat laid down between railroad tracks to make it…
sjoemelsoftware	n	de	software that skews test results
onderklasse	n	de · mv. onderklassen	underclass; subclass
bovenklasse	n	de · mv. bovenklassen	upper class
opperklasse	n	de · mv. opperklassen	upper class
middenklasse	n	de · mv. middenklassen	middle class
suikerrijk	a		high in sugar content
naricht	n	het · mv. narichten	message; warning; announcement, notification
aleer	c		before
nazomer	n	de · mv. nazomers	Indian summer
oculair	a		ocular (of the eye)
oculair	n	het · mv. oculairs	eyepiece, ocular
schorpen	v		to rip open; to saw
saffier	n	de · mv. saffieren	sapphire (transparent blue corundum, or a clear corundum of another colour); sapphire ((blue) corundum); sapphire (blue colour)
bekokstoven	v	bekokstoofde – bekokstoofd	to devise, to machinate, to concoct (to plan maliciously)
arminianisme	n	het	Arminianism
Theems	m		Thames
Taag	m		Tagus
trijp	n	het	thick velvety fabric made of a cotton or linen weave and a wool or mohair…; entrails, tripe
stadsbus	n	de · mv. stadsbussen	city bus
atticisme	n	het · mv. atticismes	a rhetorical and subsequently grammatical movement of the Hellenistic and…; an Atticism, an Ancient Greek linguistic phenomenon particular to Attic Greek
instede	p		instead of, in place of
boerderijdier	n	het · mv. boerderijdieren	farm animal
ziekenhuisbed	n	het · mv. ziekenhuisbedden	hospital bed
nieuwsgierige	n	de · mv. nieuwsgierigen	a curious person, a rubbernecker
peniskoker	n	de · mv. peniskokers	hard codpiece made from dried-out gourds, worn by male members of some…
inlands	a		native
nurks	a		grumpy; callous
nurks	n	de · mv. nurksen	grouch, curmudgeon
flessenlikker	n	de · mv. flessenlikkers	bottle scraper
telegraaf	n	de · mv. telegrafen	telegraph
grafiek	n	de · mv. grafieken	graph, diagram; graphic design industry
fornuis	n	het · mv. fornuizen	cooker, stove (kitchen appliance consisting of a cooktop and an oven)
kerstroos	n	de · mv. kerstrozen	Christmas rose, black hellebore (Helleborus niger)
framen	v	framede – geframed	to frame (construct in words so as to establish a context for understanding…; to frame (conspire to falsely incriminate an innocent person)
verdedigster	n	de · mv. verdedigsters	female defender; female defender, female protector
valeriaan	n	de	valerian, Valeriana officinalis
vossin	n	de · mv. vossinnen	vixen, female fox
delgen	v	delgde – gedelgd	to void; to pay off
furtief	a		furtive
inbreiding	n	de · mv. inbreidingen	an infill development
thuishoren	v	hoorde thuis – thuisgehoord	to belong, to be in one's preferred or appropriate place
sokkel	n	de · mv. sokkels	pedestal, base
sprokkelen	v	sprokkelde – gesprokkeld	to glean. To harvest what has been left; to gather small stuff without paying for it; to cheat (in competitions)
belgicisme	n	het · mv. belgicismes	the political ideology which supports the economic and political unity of…; a Dutch word or phrase of Belgian origin, typically never or rarely present…; a French word or phrase of Belgian origin, typically never or rarely present…
aandrijfas	n	de · mv. aandrijfassen	drive shaft
aandrijfketting	n	de · mv. aandrijfkettingen	drive chain
aandrijfkracht	n	de · mv. aandrijfkrachten	driving force
denneboom	n	de · mv. dennebomen	pine tree
gehaktbal	n	de · mv. gehaktballen	mince ball, meatball
optyfen	v	tyfte op – opgetyft	to fuck off
Antoon	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Anthony
Valentijn	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Valentine; a surname; Saint Valentine's Day
Aarnout	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Arnold
Matthijs	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Matthew or Matthias
Leendert	m		a male given name
Luuk	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Luke
Meeuwis	m		a surname
aandelenemissie	n	de · mv. aandelenemissies	emission of stocks
beginnerscursus	n	de · mv. beginnerscursussen	beginners' course
vruchtensap	n	het · mv. vruchtensappen	fruit juice
Lieke	m		a female given name
Loon	m		a village in Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Waalre, North Brabant, Netherlands
krodde	n	de · mv. krodden	an ugly woman; synonym of herik (“charlock”) (Rhamphospermum arvense, syns. Sinapis…
schriën	v	schriede – geschried	to scream; to cry, to weep loudly
Beek	m		a village and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands; a village and former municipality of Bree, Belgium; a village and former municipality of Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
schelling	n	de · mv. schellingen	shilling
nuluurcontract	n	het · mv. nuluurcontracten	zero-hour contract
nulurencontract	n	het · mv. nulurencontracten	zero-hour contract
slaapzak	n	de · mv. slaapzakken	sleeping bag
wasmachine	n	de · mv. wasmachines	washing machine
panislamisme	n	het	Panislamism
inbreiden	v	breidde in – ingebreid	to rededicate land in an urban environment to new construction; to infill
inbreiden	n	het	to act of infilling
minivarken	n	het · mv. minivarkens	minipig
gallicanisme	n	het	Gallicanism
gevarendriehoek	n	de · mv. gevarendriehoeken	warning triangle
gevaarsdriehoek	n	de · mv. gevaarsdriehoeken	warning triangle
Calvijn	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Calvin
stierman	n	de · mv. stiermannen	a lamassu
limiet	n	de · mv. limieten	limit
mestvork	n	de · mv. mestvorken	pitchfork
hooivork	n	de · mv. hooivorken	pitchfork
citroensap	n	het · mv. citroensappen	lemon juice
productief	a		productive
psychopathologie	n	de · mv. psychopathologieën	psychopathology
tulipomanie	n	de	tulip mania; a fondness or obsession for tulips (generally not involving speculative bubbles)
gendergeweld	n	het	gender-based violence
lamaïsme	n	het	lamaism, the Tibetan and Mongolian form of Buddhism
glossolalie	n	de · mv. glossolalieën	glossolalia
realisme	n	het	realism (concern for fact and reality); realism (artistic representation that seeks to faithgully represent reality); realism (viewpoint that universals are real)
hondentouw	n	het · mv. hondentouwen	ragger
Ranstad	m		Randstad
uitschuiver	n	de · mv. uitschuivers	gaffe, faux pas
toek	n	de · mv. toeken	a whack or blow
middenrif	n	het · mv. middenriffen	midriff, diaphragm
snijplank	n	de · mv. snijplanken	chopping board, cutting board
kostbaarheid	n	de · mv. kostbaarheden	preciousness; valuable (item of great value)
taalfamilie	n	de · mv. taalfamilies	language family
Goes	m		a city and municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands; a surname — famously held by; Willem Goes (1611–1686), Dutch writer who wrote frequently under the…
aandelenuitgifte	n	de · mv. aandelenuitgiften	emission of stocks
belastingaangifte	n	de · mv. belastingaangiften	tax return, tax declaration
burgerwagen	n	de · mv. burgerwagens	a police car that is not discernible from a regular civilian car; a civilian car; a van-type car used to sell burgers
plint	n	de · mv. plinten	a panel between floor and interior wall; a skirting board or baseboard; a plinth
troebleren	v		to disturb
drietandig	a		tridental
overlasten	v	overlastte – overlast	to overburden, to burden excessively; to bother, to annoy
en-enverhaal	n	het · mv. en-enverhalen	a story or phenomenon to which there are multiple sides, for which there are…
hypoxisch	a		hypoxic
bellettrist	n	de · mv. bellettristen	belletrist
bemiddelen	v	bemiddelde – bemiddeld	to mediate
achterlijke	n	de · mv. achterlijken	retard, idiot, a backwards person
brandspuit	n	de · mv. brandspuiten	fire hose (hose designed to deliver water to douse a fire)
gibberen	v		laugh, chuckle
nozem	n	de · mv. nozems	someone who belonged to a 1950s Dutch youth culture revolving around (light)…; rowdy, especially one with long hair, beard and tattoos like an archetypical…
boechelen	v	boechelde – geboecheld	play poorly, work badly
boechelploeg	n		team that plays poorly
boecht	n		junk; bad, disgusting, annoying people; scum
pallieter	n		bon vivant
levensgenieter	n	de · mv. levensgenieters	one who enjoys the good things in life (e.g. food, drink, etc.)
Nete	m		a river in Flanders, Belgium, flowing through Lier
Dender	m		a river in Belgium, flowing through Aalst
Pallieterland	m		region around Lier and the river Nete in Flanders
Ourthe	n		Ourthe (a river in Wallonia, Belgium)
vlindermes	n	het · mv. vlindermessen	butterfly knife, fan knife
valmes	n	het · mv. valmessen	jack-knife, flick knife
Antwerps	m		local variant of Brabantian spoken in and near the city of Antwerp
Antwerpenaar	n	de · mv. Antwerpenaren	a native or inhabitant of Antwerp, Belgium; an Antwerpian
Booms	m		local variant of Brabantian spoken in and near the Flemish town of Boom
etterkop	n	de · mv. etterkoppen	peevish or ill-natured person; attercop
gramschap	n	de	ire, anger, wrath
participatie	n	de · mv. participaties	participation
verzorgingsstaat	n	de · mv. verzorgingsstaten	welfare state
boerenstiel	n	de · mv. boerenstielen	agriculture; farmer's profession
dommekracht	n	de · mv. dommekrachten	a jack suited for lifting heavy loads; dumb strong person, similar to gorilla
niksnut	n	de · mv. niksnutten	good-for-nothing
ultramontanisme	n	het	ultramontanism
luiwammes	n	de · mv. luiwammesen	lazybones
luierik	n	de · mv. luieriken	a lazybones
Braziliaan	n	de · mv. Brazilianen	someone from Brazil; Brazilian
zekerstellen	v	stelde zeker – zekergesteld	to secure; to reserve; to ensure
ijzerhard	n	de · mv. ijzerharden	the herbaceous plant verbena (Verbena officinalis), or the herb derived from…
zielengeleider	n	de · mv. zielengeleiders	psychopomp (figure leading the dead to the afterlife)
leeuwenwelp	n	de/het · mv. leeuwenwelpen	lion cub
fezelen	v	fezelde – gefezeld	to whisper
wisperen	v	wisperde – gewisperd	to whisper
vezelen	v	vezelde – gevezeld	to whisper
noodmunt	n	de · mv. noodmunten	obsidional coin
obsidionaal	a		obsidional
belegeringskunde	n	de	siegecraft
belegeringsmunt	n	de · mv. belegeringsmunten	obsidional coin
straatlicht	n	het · mv. straatlichten	streetlight
luistervinken	v		to listen in or eavesdrop
pikorde	n	de · mv. pikordes	pecking order; pecking order, hierarchy, ranking
oneigenlijk	a		figurative; improper
rechttrekken	v	trekte recht – rechtgetrekt	to straighten; to correct (of facts, statements)
betekenisloos	a		meaningless
Leie	m		the Lys (a river in France and Belgium, and a left tributary of the Scheldt…
dadeloos	a		inaction, idleness
IJzer	m		Yser, a river that flows through French and West Flanders to the North Sea
Diksmuide	m		a Belgian city and municipality in the Flemish province of West Flanders
kinderloosheid	n	de	childlessness
Veurne	m		a Belgian city and municipality in the Flemish province of West Flanders
wetenswaardigheid	n	de · mv. wetenswaardigheden	interesting piece of information
Bomenaar	n	de · mv. Bomenaars	a native or inhabitant of Boom
Rupel	m		a river in northern Belgium
voorover	d		headlong
Niel	m		town on the river Rupel in the southwest of the Belgian province of Antwerp
voorbestemdheid	n	de · mv. voorbestemdheden	predestination
wasbal	n	de · mv. wasballen	laundry ball
gerven	v	gerfde – gegerfd	to tan (leather), to prepare
videoband	n	de · mv. videobanden	videotape
autoband	n	de · mv. autobanden	tire/tyre (e.g. a car tyre)
Namibisch	a		Namibian
heksensteen	n	de · mv. heksenstenen	adder stone
leenman	n	de · mv. leenmannen	a liege, feudatory, seignior, or vassal
Siberisch	a		Siberian
klimaatschieten	v		to enjoy the evening, to idle, to relax (during the evening)
sedimentgesteente	n	het · mv. sedimentgesteenten	sedimentary rock
buitenwacht	n	de · mv. buitenwachten	outsiders; safety supervisor for confined spaces; outside guard
Noord-Hollands	a		of or relating to North Holland
Zuid-Hollands	a		of or relating to South Holland
balkonspringen	v		to do balconing
vervetten	v	vervette – vervet	to fatten
delicatesse	n	de · mv. delicatessen	delicacy, fine food
eerloos	a		without honour, honourless, dishonorable
grenzeloos	a		borderless
harteloos	a		heartless
krachteloos	a		powerless
tomeloos	a		unbridled
spoorloos	a		traceless, trackless, without a trace
omslachtig	a		circuitous
omstandig	a		with too many details, unnecessarily elaborate
redeloos	a		irrational, without reason
blaaskaak	n	de · mv. blaaskaken	blowhard, braggart
eierkoek	n	de · mv. eierkoeken	a small, round sweet cake with a soft, dry texture; sometimes called (Dutch)…
eierlanding	n	de · mv. eierlandingen	a very soft touchdown (landing of an aircraft)
eideticus	n	de · mv. eidetici	someone with a strong visual memory; eidetiker
eerlang	d		soon, erelong
gedoodverfd	a		predestined, favourite, expected
egelworm	n	de · mv. egelwormen	liver fluke (paraphyletic grouping of Platyhelminthes)
nachtbraken	v	nachtbraakte – genachtbraakt	to stay up late at night
onbeschoft	a		not polite
handbak	n	de · mv. handbakken	manual gearbox
distomatose	n	de · mv. distomatoses	fascioliasis
wankelmoed	n	de	fickleness, lack of steadfastness, proclivity to change course, opinion, etc; cowardice, fearfulness
fiscaal	a		fiscal
fiscaal	n	de · mv. fiscalen	Southern fiscal (Lanius collaris)
schminkdoos	n	de · mv. schminkdozen	box for face paint
stortbui	n	de · mv. stortbuien	downpour
doorweekt	v		drenched, soaked: past participle of doorweken (“to soak, drench”)
ongans	n	het	disease of sheep caused by liver fluke
doordrammen	v	dramde door – doorgedramd	to keep insisting to obtain what one wants, to nag
doordrijven	v	dreef door – doorgedreven	to push through, to carry through (against resistance)
limoengroen	a		lime (color)
groengeel	a		lime (color)
Kales	m		Calais, a city in the North of France
Kanaalbuurt	m		an area in Brussels
fotokopie	n	de · mv. fotokopieën	photocopy
gemelijk	a		cantankerous, crabbed
gouw	n	de · mv. gouwen	shire, geographical and/or administrative region; gau (subdivision of the Frankish and Holy Roman empires); gau (subdivision of the NSDAP and later the Third Reich)
verzijp	n	het · mv. verzijpen	colander
kindskorf	n	de · mv. kindskorven	basket for the clothes of a baby
ruimteopera	n	de · mv. ruimteopera's	space opera
vierling	n	de · mv. vierlingen	quadruplet; one of a group of four babies born from the same mother during…
spaghettiwestern	n	de · mv. spaghettiwesterns	a western made by Italians
fluistertolken	n	het	chuchotage
balorig	a		contrary; bad-tempered; rebellious
weerspannig	a		refractory; asking effort, difficult
kregelig	a		irritable; ill-tempered
schabouwelijk	a		poor
Francien	m		a female given name, equivalent to English Francine
mottig	a		murky due to drizzle; ugly; nauseatic
donderslag	n	de · mv. donderslagen	thunderclap
slechtgehumeurd	a		in a bad mood
vijfling	n	de · mv. vijflingen	quintuplet; one of a group of five babies born from the same mother during…
plopper	n	de · mv. ploppers	anti-colonial fighter in the Indonesian War of Independence
herbranden	v	herbrandde – herbrand	to reburn
geïndigneerd	a		indignant
bitterwortel	n	de · mv. bitterwortels	chicory root, root of a plant of the genus Cichorium; chicory, a coffee surrogate made from these roots
suikerij	n	de · mv. suikerijen	synonym of cichorei
deduceren	v	deduceerde – gededuceerd	to deduce
megacalorie	n	de · mv. megacalorieën	megacalorie
uitzege	n	de · mv. uitzeges	away win
thuiszege	n	de · mv. thuiszeges	home win
zeggingskrachtig	a		expressive
volkerenmoord	n	de · mv. volkerenmoorden	genocide
gewichtig	a		heavy, weighty; important, weighty
orinoco-appel	n	de · mv. orinoco-appels	cocona fruit
mierenneuken	v	mierenneukte – gemierenneukt	to nitpick, to be fastidious
muggenziften	v	muggenziftte – gemuggenzift	to nitpick, to be fastidious
vrijwilligerstoerisme	n	het	voluntourism
Wisch	m		a former municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands
kobbe	n	de · mv. kobben	European herring gull (Larus argentatus)
biggelen	v	biggelde – gebiggeld	to roll downward (of tears)
aandelenbelegger	n	de · mv. aandelenbeleggers	investor in shares
voorgangster	n	de · mv. voorgangsters	female predecessor; female pastor
opvolgster	n	de · mv. opvolgsters	female successor
verestering	n	de	esterification
veresteren	v	veresterde – veresterd	to esterify, to turn (be turned) into an ester
esterificatie	n	de	esterification
estervorming	n	de	esterification
aprilvis	n	de · mv. aprilvissen	April fool, a joke played on April Fools' Day
zoemsteen	n	de · mv. zoemstenen	humming stone; stone bullroarer
geschutmeester	n	de · mv. geschutmeesters	artillerist
dikhoornschaap	n	het · mv. dikhoornschapen	bighorn sheep (Ovis canadensis)
baanatletiek	n	de	athletics on the track, as opposed to field or road athletics
atletiek	n	de	athletics: only in the sense of track and field, not sports in general
baarmoederkanker	n	de	uterus carcinoma, endometrium carcinoma
baardgras	n	het · mv. baardgrassen	annual beardgrass, annual rabbitsfoot grass (Polypogon monspeliensis)
baardhaar	n	het · mv. baardharen	beard hair
bakkebaard	n	de · mv. bakkebaarden	sideburn
puntbaard	n	de · mv. puntbaarden	pointed beard
ringbaard	n	de · mv. ringbaarden	Van Dyke beard
stoppelbaard	n	de · mv. stoppelbaarden	stubble, stubbly beard
stoppel	n	de · mv. stoppels	stubble
elektronenmicroscoop	n	de · mv. elektronenmicroscopen	electron microscope
spatel	n	de · mv. spatels	spatula
kajakken	v	kajakte – gekajakt	to kayak
partijraad	n	de · mv. partijraden	the governing body of a political party; the party council
jegenode	n	de · mv. jegenoden	region
lensgloed	n	de · mv. lensgloeden	lens flare
controniem	n	het · mv. controniemen	contronym
forsgebouwd	a		burly
tussenribstuk	n	het · mv. tussenribstukken	entrecôte
ribstuk	n	het · mv. ribstukken	entrecôte
eenkamerig	a		having one room; having one heart ventricle; having one legislative chambre
ombouw	n	de · mv. ombouwen	a conversion of a building so it can fulfil a different purpose; a…; a conversion of a machine or its settings so it can do something different;…
herenakkoord	n	het · mv. herenakkoorden	gentleman's agreement
IGEAN	m		intermunicipal organization in the province of Antwerp, Belgium, that…
waterlander	n	de · mv. waterlanders	tear
zesjescultuur	n	de · mv. zesjesculturen	Used to refer to a tendency to be satisfied with mediocre (academic) results…
bagatelliseren	v	bagatelliseerde – gebagatelliseerd	to trivialize, to play down
beroezen	v	beroesde – beroesd	to drink oneself into a high or into intoxication
schorremorrie	n	het	scum, thugs, riffraff
sjikker	a		drunk, loaded, intoxicated
nachtvlinder	n	de · mv. nachtvlinders	nocturnal moth (nocturnal insect of the order Lepidoptera)
meerkoet	n	de · mv. meerkoeten	Eurasian coot (Fulica atra)
waterkip	n	de · mv. waterkippen	moorhen (Gallinula chloropus); Eurasian coot (Fulica atra)
baarlijk	a		evident, clear; open, public, not hidden
femelaar	n	de · mv. femelaars	hypocrite, sanctimonious person
snebbe	n	de · mv. snebben	beak; sharp prow; (also) rostrum
kennisleer	n	de	epistemology
dampkring	n	de · mv. dampkringen	atmosphere of a planet or satellite
aardpek	n	de/het	mineral pitch, bitumen
larie	n	de	nonsense, babble
janboel	n	de	mess, chaos, disorderly situation
Straat	m		a hamlet in Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Straten	m		a hamlet in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
kaalheid	n	de	baldness; bareness, featurelessness
haarverlies	n	het	hair loss
zeekoet	n	de · mv. zeekoeten	one of several seabird species of the genera Uria and Cepphus; common murre (Uria aalge)
harig	a		hairy, hirsute, covered in hair, having a lot of hair; foggy, misty
onverjaardag	n	de · mv. onverjaardagen	unbirthday
konijnenhol	n	het · mv. konijnenholen	rabbit hole
haaruitval	n	het	hair loss
cabaretesk	a		cabaret-like; as if from a comedy show
familielid	n	het · mv. familieleden	relative, family member
cabaretavond	n	de · mv. cabaretavonden	cabaret evening
cabaretduo	n	het · mv. cabaretduo's	duo performing (in a) cabaret
Haverbus	m		a surname
entomofauna	n	de · mv. entomofauna's	entomofauna, the insect fauna of an area
cabaretfestival	n	het · mv. cabaretfestivals	cabaret festival
cabaretgezelschap	n	het · mv. cabaretgezelschappen	cabaret group
schipper	n	de · mv. schippers	skipper, captain (master of a ship)
achterbuurt	n	de · mv. achterbuurten	an impoverished neighbourhood, a shady or shabby neighbourhood
cabaretgroep	n	het · mv. cabaretgroepen	cabaret group
c-sleutel	n	de · mv. c-sleutels	C-clef
koeken	n	de · mv. koekens	diamonds; a playing card of the diamonds suit
koeken	v		chewing on one's own teeth (especially after having taken drugs)
klaveren	n	de · mv. klaverens	clubs; a playing card of the clubs suit
f-sleutel	n	de · mv. f-sleutels	F-clef
g-sleutel	n	de · mv. g-sleutels	G-clef
gribus	n	de · mv. gribussen	rickety building; neglected area; poor neighbourhood
knibbelen	v	knibbelde – geknibbeld	to haggle
Emmers	m		a surname
naspel	n	het · mv. naspelen	afterplay
Toom	m		a hamlet in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
pygmee	n	de · mv. pygmeeën	a pygmy (member of an African tribe of short people); a pygmy animal, a dwarf animal; an insignificant person, a pygmy
ongodist	n	de · mv. ongodisten	atheist
ongodisterij	n	de · mv. ongodisterijen	atheism
Frans-Polynesië	m		French Polynesia (an archipelago and overseas territory of France in Oceania)
Stok	m		a surname
cabinepersoneel	n	het	cabin crew (in an aircraft)
cabaretlied	n	het · mv. cabaretliederen	song in a cabaret show
cabaretsketch	n	de · mv. cabaretsketches	cabaret sketch
sinjoor	n	de · mv. sinjoren	a "true Antwerpian", according to various definitions
cabarettrio	n	het · mv. cabarettrio's	trio performing (in a) cabaret
cabretleer	n	het	goat leather
cabaretprogramma	n	het · mv. cabaretprogramma's	cabaret programme
cabaretvoorstelling	n	de · mv. cabaretvoorstellingen	cabaret show
cabaretshow	n	de · mv. cabaretshows	cabaret show
cabaretzanger	n	het · mv. cabaretzangers	cabaret singer
cabarettekst	n	het · mv. cabaretteksten	text used in a cabaret show
cacao-overeenkomst	n	de	cocoa agreement
cacaopoeder	n	het · mv. cacaopoeders	cocoa solids
Charkiv	m		Kharkiv, a city, raion and oblast in Ukraine
stikkapot	n	mv. stikkapotte	very tired, exhausted; knackered, dead tired
voorarrest	n	het · mv. voorarresten	pre-trial detention (period of custody before a trial)
witteboordencriminaliteit	n	de	white-collar crime
middagmaal	n	het · mv. middagmalen	lunch, midday meal
crapuul	n	het · mv. crapulen	scum, odious people; scumbag, odious person
oerlelijk	a		extremely ugly, hideous, fugly
gedierte	n	het · mv. gedierten	animals
geenszins	d		in no way, not at all
alleszins	d		in every way, completely
woekeren	v	woekerde – gewoekerd	to practise usury; to overgrow
crapuleus	a		villainous, despicable
brijn	n	het	brine; solution for pickling
uut	d		synonym of uit (“out, outside, off”)
uut	p		synonym of uit (“out of, from”)
alt-right	n	het	alt-right
alt-right	a		alt-right
straatrover	n	de · mv. straatrovers	street robber, mugger
straatroof	n	de · mv. straatroven	street robbery
condens	n	de	condensate
uitbollen	v	bolde uit – uitgebold	to let a vehicle or bike roll, giving it no further power, until it stops; to unwind oneself near the end or finish of a task, job or event, taking it…
bestialiteit	n	de	bestiality; beastliness
gedachtemisdaad	n	de · mv. gedachtemisdaden	thoughtcrime
zegevreugde	n	de · mv. zegevreugdes	the pleasure of winning, gloating
Warken	m		a hamlet in Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands
tarbot	n	de · mv. tarbotten	turbot (a species of flatfish (Scophthalmus maximus))
medior	n	de · mv. medioren	an intermediate-ranked person in terms of job title, in-between junior and…
zoeaaf	n	de · mv. zoeaven	papal zouave, a foreign fighter for the Papal States; Zouave, regular member of a light infantry regiment, typically of the French…
detentie	n	de · mv. detenties	detention, custody
massamoord	n	de · mv. massamoorden	mass murder
massamoordenaar	n	de · mv. massamoordenaren	mass murderer
afkluiven	v	kloof af – afgekloven	to gnaw (e.g. meat off a bone)
kibboets	n	de · mv. kibboetsen	kibbutz
gemeenplaats	n	de · mv. gemeenplaatsen	commonplace, cliché
clichématig	a		clichéd, trite
kwakzalverij	n	de	quackery, pseudomedicine
zondags	a		Sunday; appropriate for Sunday, proper, formal
zondags	d		synonym of 's zondags
beunhaas	n	de · mv. beunhazen	bungler, dilettante; in particular, a dilettante who does untaxed paid manual work, or a…
noodlottig	a		catastrophic, disastrous; fatal, lethal
geldwolf	n	de · mv. geldwolven	greedhead, somebody who is greedy for money
knorrig	a		grumpy, surly; knotty, gnarled
zondvloed	n	de · mv. zondvloeden	Deluge; deluge, great flood; spill or abundance of water
walging	n	de · mv. walgingen	disgust, aversion, revulsion
malkaar	r		each other
malkander	r		each other
melkander	r		each other
melkaar	r		each other
elkeen	r		everyone, everybody
spijkerbom	n	de · mv. spijkerbommen	nail bomb
inimini	a		synonym of mini (“mini, tiny”)
Donar	m		Thor, Donar (Germanic thunder god)
Cruyff	m		a surname
wegenaanleg	n	de	road construction
wegenbouw	n	de	road construction
wegaanduiding	n	de · mv. wegaanduidingen	road sign: the sign that shows the number of the road, e.g. M1
wegverkeer	n	het	road traffic
cafeïne	n	de	caffeine
koffieboon	n	de · mv. koffiebonen	a coffee bean, a seed of a plant of the genus Coffea
koffiebar	n	de · mv. koffiebars	coffee bar
koffieshop	n	de · mv. koffieshops	an establishment that sells cannabis products and often also non-alcoholic…
ontklerikalisering	n	de	declericalization
koffietijd	n	de · mv. koffietijden	coffee time: time for a coffee break
koffiepauze	n	de · mv. koffiepauzes	coffee break
theepauze	n	de · mv. theepauzes	tea break
spinnijdig	a		angry, livid, furious
genaken	v	genaakte – genaakt	to approach, to draw near
daarbeneden	d		down there
daarginder	d		over there, yonder
stinkmarter	n	de · mv. stinkmarters	European polecat (Mustela putorius)
aluhoedje	n	het · mv. aluhoedjes	tin-foil hat; conspiracy theorist, tinfoiler, crank, conspiracist
schreeuwlelijk	n	de · mv. schreeuwlelijks	loudmouth, blowhard
schreeuwlelijk	a		ostentatious, garish, gaudy
ritsig	a		randy, in heat, horny, lewd
kortheidshalve	d		for brevity's sake
gemakshalve	d		for the sake of convenience
Oxe	m		a hamlet in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ponte	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
rafute	n	de	rafute
bronsttijd	n	de · mv. bronsttijden	mating season, rutting season
tochtig	a		draughty, drafty, windy, having currents of air; being in oestrus, being on heat
gebelgd	a		angry
verbolgen	a		angry
sociaaldemocratie	n	de · mv. sociaaldemocratieën	social democracy (centre-left ideology); social democracy (society with a social democratic welfare state)
christendemocratie	n	de	Christian democracy
stemvee	n	het	voters considered to be easily manipulable; parliamentarians perceived as anonymous, merely serving to boost the party…
democraat	n	de · mv. democraten	democrat, supporter of democracy
gemoed	n	het · mv. gemoederen	feeling; heart; soul
stenig	a		stony, stonelike
vliegbasis	n	de · mv. vliegbasissen	military airbase
boeklong	n	de · mv. boeklongen	book lung
frisheid	n	de · mv. frisheden	freshness
kinderbescherming	n	de · mv. kinderbeschermingen	child welfare; child protection; the well-being of children wherever they may be
kindertaal	n	de · mv. kindertalen	child language
kinderzorg	n	de · mv. kinderzorgen	child welfare
kindvriendelijk	a		kid friendly
koningskind	n	het · mv. koningskinderen	royal child
liefdeskind	n	het · mv. liefdeskinderen	love child
mensenkind	n	het · mv. mensenkinderen	human child; a human person
mensenkinderen	i		my goodness (exclamation of consternation or indignation)
zondagskind	n	het · mv. zondagskinderen	someone who is frequently very lucky
stiefkind	n	het · mv. stiefkinderen	stepchild; someone or something that is not treated fairly (the diminutive form is…
volksvertegenwoordiging	n	de · mv. volksvertegenwoordigingen	a representative body, assembly, house in which representatives assemble
volksvertegenwoordiger	n	de · mv. volksvertegenwoordigers	representative of the people, somebody who has been elected to serve in an…
stadskind	n	het · mv. stadskinderen	city child: child that comes from the city
brievenbusmaatschappij	n	de · mv. brievenbusmaatschappijen	shell company
ontzuiling	n	de · mv. ontzuilingen	depillarisation, the decline of pillars as a form of societal organisation
slapjanus	n	de · mv. slapjanussen	weakling
aanbrenging	n	de · mv. aanbrengingen	application
belastingparadijs	n	het · mv. belastingparadijzen	tax haven
lezenaar	n	de · mv. lezenaars	lectern, stand for books, especially one in a church
loopjongen	n	de · mv. loopjongens	errand boy
kattin	n	de · mv. kattinnen	female cat
katvogel	n	de · mv. katvogels	catbird
mannetjeskat	n	de · mv. mannetjeskatten	male cat, tomcat
vrouwtjeskat	n	de · mv. vrouwtjeskatten	female cat
wollah	i		an interjection serving to intensify a statement or to indicate astonishment
doekoe	n	de	money, dough; fruit of the tree Lansium domesticum
fattoe	n	de · mv. fattoes	joke
fattoe	a		funny
mattie	n	de · mv. matties	friend, mate, buddy
hosselen	v	hosselde – gehosseld	to work hard; to acquire something or subsist with difficulty; to obtain money illicitly, especially through drug dealing
schuilkerk	n	de · mv. schuilkerken	a clandestine church
schuurkerk	n	de · mv. schuurkerken	a clandestine church disguised as a barn or shed
kerkschuur	n	de · mv. kerkschuren	synonym of schuurkerk
kilte	n	de · mv. kiltes	coldness, chilliness
waterhoofd	n	het · mv. waterhoofden	hydrocephalus; excess, especially of management, overhead and leadership
dikhuid	n	de · mv. dikhuiden	elephant
mieteren	v	mieterde – gemieterd	to hurl; to fall, to plunge
zwoel	a		oppressive, muggy, sultry; sensual
droesem	n	de · mv. droesems	sediment in a liquid, particularly in wine, dregs
Dal	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Westland	m		a municipality and region of South Holland, Netherlands, known for its…
geitenneuker	n	de · mv. geitenneukers	goatfucker, Muslim, Arab
neuker	n	de · mv. neukers	fucker, someone who fucks
parallelweg	n	de · mv. parallelwegen	frontage road, service road
ventweg	n	de · mv. ventwegen	frontage road, service road
onmin	n	de	conflict, disagreement, falling out
slobberen	v	slobberde – geslobberd	to slurp, to drink audibly; to misfit, to hang loose
lebberen	v	lebberde – gelebberd	to lick audibly; to lap; to drink audibly, often using a tongue
veralgemenen	v	veralgemeende – veralgemeend	to generalise
veralgemeniseren	v	veralgemeniseerde – veralgemeniseerd	to generalise
jokken	v	jokte – gejokt	to fib, to tell an inconsequential lie
bretel	n	de · mv. bretels	suspender (US), brace (UK)
vatenbom	n	de · mv. vatenbommen	barrel bomb
kernbom	n	de · mv. kernbommen	nuclear bomb
splijtzwam	n	de · mv. splijtzwammen	bone of contention, point of contention (cause of controversy or division)
beeldspraak	n	de	imagery, figurative language
zinnebeeld	n	het · mv. zinnebeelden	symbol, sign; allegory
langnek	n	de · mv. langnekken	giraffe; long-necked dinosaur, usually referring to sauropods
getuigenispartij	n	de · mv. getuigenispartijen	political party that doesn't seek participation in government but only…
inclusie	n	de · mv. inclusies	inclusion, integration, the act of including people who were previously excluded; inclusion, envelope structure
pantserwagen	n	de · mv. pantserwagens	armoured car
geesteswetenschap	n	de · mv. geesteswetenschappen	the humanities; discipline within the humanities
geesteswetenschappen	n		the humanities
geestesoog	n	het · mv. geestesogen	mental faculty of visualisation or imagination, mind's eye
begeleider	n	de · mv. begeleiders	accompanier, escort; guide; tutor, mentor
beklag	n	het	the act of complaining; the act of mourning and weeping
penisbeen	n	het · mv. penisbeenderen	baculum
penisbot	n	het · mv. penisbotten	baculum
idool	n	de/het · mv. idolen	an idol, a statue or image that is the subject of worship; an idol (one who is idolised)
gladiool	n	de · mv. gladiolen	any of several flowering plants, of the genus Gladiolus, having sword-shaped…; an idiot, fool, nitwit; generally preceded by a pejorative adjective such as…
sijpelen	v	sijpelde – gesijpeld	to trickle, to seep
bles	n	de · mv. blessen	blaze (light-coloured spot on a horse's face)
smombie	n	de · mv. smombies	smombie, smartphone zombie (walking smartphone user who is oblivious to the…
Barents	m		a common surname originating as a patronymic
bevrijdingskind	n	het · mv. bevrijdingskinderen	a child born not long after the liberation of the Netherlands at the end of…
wedloop	n	de · mv. wedlopen	a race in running (speed contest in running); any competition, instance of competing
verschenken	v	verschonk – verschonken	to give away; to pour a liquid in too high quantities; to dilute by adding too much of another liquid
verpachten	v	verpachtte – verpacht	to lease
uikoepel	n	de · mv. uikoepels	onion dome
steunbeer	n	de · mv. steunberen	buttress
ziekenboeg	n	de · mv. ziekenboegen	sick bay
koffiezetapparaat	n	het · mv. koffiezetapparaten	coffeemaker (kitchen apparatus used to brew and filter coffee)
zingeving	n	de	search for or construal of meaning, meaning-making, existential meaning
smetvrees	n	de	mysophobia, germophobia
hersenspinsel	n	het · mv. hersenspinsels	figment, fantasy
wentelwiek	n	de · mv. wentelwieken	a helicopter
bakkeljauw	n	de · mv. bakkeljauwen	salt cod
klipvis	n	de · mv. klipvissen	klipfish; salt cod; butterflyfish, fish of the family Chaetodontidae
verhip	i		by Jove! gadzooks! (expression of surprise)
Floor	m		a female given name; a male given name
Reus	m		a surname
gideonsbende	n	de · mv. gideonsbendes	small militant band pretending to represent a much larger group
klapwieken	v	klapwiekte – geklapwiekt	to flap one's wings; to alternate, to undulate, usually shifting rapidly between extremes
banier	n	de · mv. banieren	banner, pennant
hyperoniem	n	het · mv. hyperoniemen	hypernym
uilenbal	n	de · mv. uilenballen	pellet vomited by an owl
braakbal	n	de · mv. braakballen	pellet vomited by a predator, including hairballs
mondholte	n	de · mv. mondholten	oral cavity
pezig	a		sinewy, having muscles with prominent sinews; wiry; strong, tough and lean
salonsocialist	n	de · mv. salonsocialisten	a champagne socialist, an armchair socialist (someone who professes to be a…
gutmensch	n	de · mv. gutmenschen	do-gooder; person who has a naive and unreflected conviction of their own…; someone overly concerned with political correctness
randfiguur	n	de · mv. randfiguren	outsider, marginal person
evenwichtig	a		balanced (of things); equanimous (of people)
lankmoed	n	de	the ability or quality to forgive or endure much, particularly used with…
scharminkel	n	het · mv. scharminkels	scrag (someone or something scrawny)
zeeolifant	n	de · mv. zeeolifanten	elephant seal, member of the genus Mirounga
vervloeken	v	vervloekte – vervloekt	to curse, to put a curse on someone
voorval	n	het · mv. voorvallen	incident, event
straatvechter	n	de · mv. straatvechters	streetfighter
dickpic	n	de · mv. dickpics	dickpic
vicaris	n	de · mv. vicarissen	a cleric assisting or standing in for a higher ranking one, especially one…
maïskoek	n	de · mv. maïskoeken	Mexican tortilla
nareizen	v	reisde na – nagereisd	to travel later, after somebody else
nareis	n	de · mv. nareizen	close family members of successful asylum seekers who may rejoin them…
geporteerd	a		well-disposed, fond, favourable
botergeil	a		horny as hell, pointedly sexually aroused
Gandhiïsme	n	het	Gandhism (the philosophy and principles of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi)
einder	n	de · mv. einders	horizon
sjoege	n	de	comprehension, understanding; reaction, response
verdichtsel	n	het · mv. verdichtsels	fabrication, constructed falsehood
reetveter	n	de · mv. reetveters	butt floss, G-string, thong
bingoën	v	bingode – gebingood	to play bingo
moraalridder	n	de · mv. moraalridders	moral crusader
afwasmachine	n	de · mv. afwasmachines	dishwasher (appliance for washing dishes)
legboor	n	de · mv. legboren	ovipositor
galei	n	de · mv. galeien	a galley (long ship primarily propelled by rowing)
Proto-Semitisch	m		Proto-Semitic
Proto-Semitisch	a		Proto-Semitic
Oersemitisch	m		Proto-Semitic
Oersemitisch	a		Proto-Semitic
geslachtsidentiteitsstoornis	n	de · mv. geslachtsidentiteitsstoornissen	gender identity disorder
geslachtsidentiteit	n	de · mv. geslachtsidentiteiten	gender identity
draaideur	n	de · mv. draaideuren	revolving door
draaideurcrimineel	n	de · mv. draaideurcriminelen	repeat offender
fatsoensrakker	n	de · mv. fatsoensrakkers	moral crusader, moral guardian
zedenmeester	n	de · mv. zedenmeesters	moral guardian
zedendelinquent	n	de · mv. zedendelinquenten	sex offender
romanist	n	de · mv. romanisten	Romanicist, student of Romance languages and cultures
radbraken	v	radbraakte – geradbraakt	to break on the wheel (to kill by a historical mode of torturous execution); to wreck, to expose to excessive duress, to exhaust; to maim linguistically, to spoil by appalling phrasing
ombudspersoon	n	de · mv. ombudspersonen	ombudsperson
ombudsvrouw	n	de · mv. ombudsvrouwen	ombudswoman
druus	n	de · mv. druzen	a Druze
zonnebank	n	de · mv. zonnebanken	sunbed (with UV lamps)
zonnestudio	n	de · mv. zonnestudio's	solarium (establishment with sunbeds)
betaalbewijs	n	het · mv. betaalbewijzen	receipt, written attestation of the transfer of money or goods
schikking	n	de · mv. schikkingen	arrangement, layout; compromise; settlement agreement
raadsman	n	de · mv. raadslieden	male lawyer, male legal counsel
raadsvrouw	n	de · mv. raadsvrouwen	female lawyer, female legal counsel
kafkaësk	a		Kafkaesque
kafkaiaans	a		Kafkaesque
schuinsmarcheerder	n	de · mv. schuinsmarcheerders	lecher (generally male), one with a sexually libertine lifestyle
houwitser	n	de · mv. houwitsers	howitzer
kamerstuk	n	het · mv. kamerstukken	a document treated in (any of the houses of) parliament; a short play suitable for being performed in a room or other small venue…; a piece of artillery
Avondland	m		Europe, or, more broadly, the West
sibbe	n	de · mv. sibbes	kinship, especially by blood; (extended) family
smalltalk	n	de	small talk
oorkondenhypothese	n	de	documentary hypothesis
geslachtsziekte	n	de · mv. geslachtsziekten	venereal disease
overdraagbaar	a		transmissable, transmittable; contagious
petoet	n	de · mv. petoeten	prison, slammer
piekenier	n	de · mv. piekeniers	pikeman
ramsj	n	de	junk; sale of old stock at very low prices, often by semi-clandestine vendors; sale of new, hard-to-sell books at starkly reduced prices
belgen	v	belgde – gebelgd	to become angry; to anger
wief	n	het · mv. wieven	woman; wife
Laan	m		a surname
geroezemoes	n	het	murmur, chatter; a (subdued) disturbance
gezeik	n	het	nagging, whining, bullshit
gesjouw	n	het	a (potentially onerous) carrying about, a lugging
leuteren	v	leuterde – geleuterd	to dawdle, loiter; to chatter idly
grabbelen	v	grabbelde – gegrabbeld	to grabble, to scramble, to grope
pennenmes	n	het · mv. pennenmessen	penknife, small pocketknife
toedeloe	i		bye, toodle-oo
rozenhouten	a		made of rosewood
rozenhout	n	het	rosewood
rookkaas	n	de · mv. rookkazen	smoked cheese
vitaliteit	n	de · mv. vitaliteiten	vitality
vitaal	a		vital, lively; vital, vitally important, essential
zodiak	n	de · mv. zodiakken	zodiac
automobiel	n	het · mv. automobielen	automobile, car
barfen	v	barfte – gebarft	to vomit, to barf
ladekast	n	de · mv. ladekasten	a cabinet with drawers, a chest of drawers
sappelen	v	sappelde – gesappeld	to toil, to work hard
waterschap	n	het · mv. waterschappen	separate level of government directly responsible for water management
dijkgraaf	n	de · mv. dijkgraven	head of a waterschap (“water board”)
rondedans	n	de · mv. rondedansen	circle dance
estampie	n	de · mv. estampies	estampie (medieval French dance and associated musical genre)
bolsjewisme	n	het	Bolshevism
bolsjewiek	n	de · mv. bolsjewieken	Bolshevik
racistisch	a		racist
wetenschapsfilosofie	n	de · mv. wetenschapsfilosofieën	philosophy of science
antisemitisme	n	het	antisemitism
Semiet	n	de · mv. Semieten	Semite
antisemiet	n	de · mv. antisemieten	anti-Semite
logischerwijs	d		logically
spelenderwijs	d		playfully, through play
powerbank	n	de · mv. powerbanks	powerbank
leerdicht	n	het · mv. leerdichten	didactic poem
lyriek	n	de · mv. lyrieken	lyric poetry
epiek	n	de	epic poetry
engte	n	de · mv. engten	any narrow passage; narrowness
luwte	n	de · mv. luwten	any windless place; a lee
luw	a		windless; lukewarm
vereenzelvigen	v	vereenzelvigde – vereenzelvigd	to identify, to equate
bestendigen	v	bestendigde – bestendigd	to perpetuate, to prolong, to reinforce, to consolidate
desambigueren	v	desambigueerde – gedesambigueerd	to disambiguate
gezelligheid	n	de · mv. gezelligheden	the state or fact of being cozy; Gemütlichkeit, coziness; conviviality
germanistiek	n	de	study of the language and literature of Germany
latinist	n	de · mv. latinisten	Latinist
latinistiek	n	de	study of the Latin language and the culture of Ancient Rome
slavistiek	n	de	Slavic studies, Slavistics, study of the Slavic languages and the culture of…
neerlandicus	n	de · mv. neerlandici	an expert in, or student of, Dutch studies
doodshoofdaapje	n	het · mv. doodshoofdaapjes	squirrel monkey, monkey of the genus Saimiri
bivak	n	het · mv. bivakken	bivouac (an encampment for the night, chiefly in military contexts or…
daadkracht	n	de	resolve, will to enact policy, willpower; capability to enforce policy
daadkrachtig	a		resolute, firm
krachtdadig	a		resolute, firm
Boekarest	m		Bucharest (the capital city of Romania)
Laar	m		a village in Weert, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
saaiheid	n	de · mv. saaiheden	dullness, tediousness
saamhorigheidsgevoel	n	het · mv. saamhorigheidsgevoelens	feeling of togetherness (in a community)
doelsaldo	n	het · mv. doelsaldi	goal difference
banksaldo	n	het · mv. banksaldi	balance on a bank account
polderen	v	polderde – gepolderd	to compromise, to engage in consensus politics
inpolderen	v	polderde in – ingepolderd	to turn into a polder
broeikaseffect	n	het	greenhouse effect
superbroeikasgas	n	het · mv. superbroeikasgassen	super greenhouse gas, greenhouse gases with a much more potent greenhouse…
stopformulier	n	het · mv. stopformulieren	stop and search record (form filled in by police officers when having…
Valk	m		a surname
wegstemmen	v	stemde weg – weggestemd	to vote out, to reject, to vote away
lanterfanter	n	de · mv. lanterfanters	slacker, good-for-nothing
lanterfanten	v	lanterfantte – gelanterfant	to waste one's time, to be lazy, to lollygag
lanterfant	n	de · mv. lanterfanten	slacker, good-for-nothing, vagabond
lanterfanteren	v	lanterfanterde – gelanterfanterd	to waste one's time, to be lazy
schoolziek	a		feigning illness (in order to avoid having to go to school)
schoolziekte	n	de · mv. schoolziekten	feigned illness for the purposes of avoiding having to go to school
jeremiëren	v	jeremieerde – gejeremieerd	to lament, to wail
aandikken	v	dikte aan – aangedikt	to thicken, fatten; to exaggerate, to embellish
gierstmelde	n	de · mv. gierstmelden	quinoa
opkankeren	v	kankerde op – opgekankerd	to fuck off, bugger off
miegen	v	meeg – gemegen	to urinate
gekheid	n	de · mv. gekheden	craziness, a lack of common sense
koenheid	n	de · mv. koenheden	bravery, boldness
zotheid	n	de · mv. zotheden	folly
onbevreesd	a		fearless, unperturbed
vervaard	a		afraid, perturbed
onvervaard	a		fearless, bold
boekdrukkunst	n	de · mv. boekdrukkunsten	printing, the ability to print text
zevenslaper	n	de · mv. zevenslapers	fat dormouse (Glis glis)
relmuis	n	de · mv. relmuizen	edible dormouse (Glis glis)
honen	v	hoonde – gehoond	to mock, to deride
hoongelach	n	het	derision, scornful laughter
kerktoren	n	de · mv. kerktorens	steeple, church tower
antistof	n	de · mv. antistoffen	antibody
etgras	n	het · mv. etgrassen	the lattermath, grass grown after the first crop has been harvested for hay
etgroen	n	het · mv. etgroenen	the lattermath, the second crop of grass grown after the first crop has been…
bevroeden	v	bevroedde – bevroed	to understand, to comprehend, to suspect, to realise; to instruct, to inform
visstick	n	de · mv. vissticks	fish finger, fish stick
hoofdredacteur	n	de · mv. hoofdredacteurs	editor-in-chief
veganisme	n	het	veganism
lovergirl	n	de · mv. lovergirls	a pimp who pretends to be in love with a boy or young man and makes him…
zeiknat	a		soaked, wet
secreet	n	het · mv. secreten	outhouse; bitch; secretion, that which has been secreted
zeuro	n	de · mv. zeuro's	a (putative) common currency for southern Europe
koeterwaals	n	het	incomprehensible language; gibberish, gobbledygook
livestream	n	de · mv. livestreams	a live stream
renovering	n	de · mv. renoveringen	renovation
kamille	n	de · mv. kamillen	camomile
kanjer	n	de · mv. kanjers	something or someone who is big or the biggest of their kind; a whopper; one who is admirable
impopulair	a		unpopular
nachtwakersstaat	n	de · mv. nachtwakersstaten	night watchman state
stemrecht	n	het	the right to vote, suffrage
overwoekeren	v	overwoekerde – overwoekerd	to overgrow, to grow over other things; to cause something to become overgrown
woeker	n	de	lending money at an interest perceived to be excessive
prinsheerlijk	d		very comfortably, delightfully
prinsheerlijk	a		very comfortable, delightful
Bessens	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
guitig	a		mischievous, cheeky
gezwets	n	het	small talk, banter; nonsense, tosh
sakkerloot	i		well I never!
pedagogiek	n	de	pedagogy
opvoedkunde	n	de	pedagogy
libertarisme	n	het	libertarianism
Facebookvriend	n	de · mv. Facebookvrienden	Facebook friend (someone one has added as a friend on Facebook)
ingetogenheid	n	de	modesty, continence
teruggetrokkenheid	n	de	introversion, reclusiveness
openbaarheid	n	de	openness, transparence, publicity; the public sphere, the public eye
waarheidsgetrouw	a		truthful, accurate, true to life
homorechten	n		gay rights
keutel	n	de · mv. keutels	a small piece of hard (chiefly animal) feces
drinkwater	n	het · mv. drinkwateren	drinking water
dezen	r		Fossiled dative form of dit used in certain prepositional expressions
suspensie	n	de · mv. suspensies	a suspension; a suspension, an interruption, the act of suspending temporarily
dwergchimpansee	n	de · mv. dwergchimpansees	pygmy chimpanzee, bonobo
franciscanes	n	de · mv. franciscanessen	a Franciscan nun, a female Franciscan
impopulariteit	n	de	unpopularity
polariteit	n	de	polarity; gender polarity, the phenomenon of some numerals (3 to 10) having endings…
rondhout	n	het · mv. rondhouten	wood that is cut into a round shape, such as a mast, which a sail can be…
sortering	n	de · mv. sorteringen	sorting, categorizing, ordering; collection, assortment
onderschrijven	v	onderschreef – onderschreven	to affirm, to support (a point of view, argument, etc)
dikken	v	dikte – gedikt	to thicken, to become thicker
hitsen	v	hitste – gehitst	synonym of ophitsen (“to egg on, incite”)
ophitsen	v	hitste op – opgehitst	to egg on, to stir up, to provoke, to incite
kondigen	v	kondigde – gekondigd	to announce, to make known
kond	a		known
bakenen	v	bakende – gebakend	to place beacons around; to visibly mark
aanbranden	v	brandde aan – aangebrand	to burn to the pan
etappe	n	de · mv. etappes	stage, leg, lap (of a race); a military rest point after a day marching; the distance covered thereto
gelasten	v	gelastte – gelast	to order, to command
overlangs	p		longitudinal
ranselen	v	ranselde – geranseld	to beat up, to flog
slanken	v	slankte – geslankt	to become slim
stempelen	v	stempelde – gestempeld	to stamp; to collect state benefits
troeven	v	troefde – getroefd	to trump
troef	n	de · mv. troeven	trump; asset, advantage
vaardigen	v	vaardigde – gevaardigd	to ready, make ready
zonderen	v	zonderde – gezonderd	to separate, to set apart
zwakken	v	zwakte – gezwakt	to weaken, to become/make strengthless
mijner	t		genitive feminine/plural of mijn; of my
mijner	n	de · mv. mijners	buyer or bidder at a public auction; miner
jouwer	t		genitive feminine/plural of jouw; of your
Koum	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
smoken	v	smookte – gesmookt	to smoke, especially tobacco or a pipe; to burn, cause to emit smoke; to fry, cook, or braise
druïde	n	de · mv. druïden	druid
baffen	v	bafte – gebaft	to perform anilingus
waterafstotend	a		water-repellent, water-resistant
hydrofoob	a		hydrophobic
hydrofiel	a		hydrophilic
xenofoob	n	de · mv. xenofoben	xenophobe
xenofoob	a		xenophobic
substantivering	n	de · mv. substantiveringen	substantivisation
substantiveren	v	substantiveerde – gesubstantiveerd	to substantivise
prangen	v	prangde – geprangd	to press, to squeeze
helzen	v	helsde – gehelsd	to embrace, to wrap the arms around the neck of
Laak	m		a hamlet in Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
regenton	n	de · mv. regentonnen	rain barrel
kogelen	v	kogelde – gekogeld	to throw hard
kokstoven	v	kokstoofde – gekokstoofd	to do, to arrange, surreptitiously
belemmen	v	belemde – belemd	to hinder
aflezen	v	las af – afgelezen	to read off, to read from a measurement device
moeien	v	moeide – gemoeid	to annoy, to bother; to involve; to involve oneself
nauwen	v	nauwde – genauwd	to narrow, to become/make narrower
nijden	v	nijdde – genijd	to envy, to be jealous of; to be hostile towards
groentje	n	het · mv. groentjes	a novice or rookie, someone inexperienced
rokkenen	v	rokkende – gerokkend	to cause; create; bring about
spinnekob	n	de · mv. spinnekobben	spider
emt	n	de · mv. emten	ant
bronst	n	de	heat, rut (sexual excitement of animals); a strong sexual urge to mate (for humans)
blèren	v	blèrde – geblèrd	to cry or whine loudly
levenslied	n	het · mv. levensliederen	Dutch-language schlager (genre of popular music, typically with sentimental…; song in the above genre
miskennen	v	miskende – miskend	to fail to acknowledge
snoekbaars	n	de · mv. snoekbaarzen	zander (fish)
verzwelgen	v	verzwolg – verzwolgen	to devour
verdelgen	v	verdelgde – verdelgd	to exterminate
verzwijgen	v	verzweeg – verzwegen	to hold back, suppress, or conceal information; to keep quiet about something
zabben	v	zabde – gezabd	to suck
schimmelen	v	schimmelde – geschimmeld	to become mouldy
schimpen	v	schimpte – geschimpt	to abuse verbally, to be abusive; to verbally attack, to swear at, to scold
afschrijven	v	schreef af – afgeschreven	to deduct (money); to amortise, to write off; to write off, to consider worthless, beyond repair, total loss, to give up on
schutten	v	schutte – geschut	to stop, to hold back; to protect, to cover; to let pass through a sluice/lock
barkie	n	de · mv. barkies	one hundred euros; sane
doezoe	n	de · mv. doezoes	one thousand euros
Agga	m		The Hague
skotoe	n	de	synonym of politie
studiefinanciering	n	de · mv. studiefinancieringen	study grant (financial support for students provided by the government)
staurogram	n	het · mv. staurogrammen	staurogram (ligature and symbol of the cross)
slechten	v	slechtte – geslecht	to smoothe, to even out; to remove, to make disappear
slissen	v	sliste – geslist	to lisp; to end, to put a stop to; to decide (a conflict)
ontsmetten	v	ontsmette – ontsmet	to disinfect
desinfecteren	v	desinfecteerde – gedesinfecteerd	to disinfect
spieden	v	spiedde – gespied	to watch, to observe; to spy on
sneeuwengel	n	de · mv. sneeuwengelen	snow angel
titelen	v	titelde – getiteld	to title, to name
beug	n	de · mv. beugen	longline; trawlnet for anchovy catch on the former Zuiderzee
Zuiderzee	m		a former shallow bay of the North Sea in the northwest of the Netherlands;…
voorts	d		furthermore, besides
hunlieden	r		The nominative case of the third-person plural personal pronoun: they,…
hullie	r		The nominative case of the third-person plural personal pronoun, as opposed…
hunlui	r		The nominative case of the third-person plural personal pronoun: they,…
gijlieden	r		second-person plural personal pronoun (subjective); you people, you all, ye
slottoren	n	de · mv. slottorens	donjon, keep
bergvrede	n	de · mv. bergvredes	fortified tower, donjon, keep
Woen	m		Woden/Odin, a major Germanic god often described as chief of the pantheon
vochtigen	v	vochtigde – gevochtigd	synonym of bevochtigen
rossen	v	roste – gerost	to beat, to rough up
vredigen	v	vredigde – gevredigd	synonym of bevredigen
vroeden	v	vroedde – gevroed	to understand, to comprehend; to become wise, understanding
vechter	n	de · mv. vechters	a (male) fighter; a baby who resists falling asleep
kuim	a		weak
kuim	d		barely, hardly
forwarden	v	forwardde – geforward	to forward (an e-mail)
ruisonderdrukker	n	de · mv. ruisonderdrukkers	squelcher
Dordrecht	m		Dordrecht (a city, municipality, and island of South Holland, Netherlands)
ravenmoeder	n	de · mv. ravenmoeders	a mother who neglects her children; a bad mother
kattenmoeder	n	de · mv. kattenmoeders	mother cat
hondenmoeder	n	de · mv. hondenmoeders	a mother who neglects or mistreats her children; a bad mother
toereiken	v	reikte toe – toegereikt	to give, hand over; to suffice
zwaalde	n	de · mv. zwaalden	a blade on a long pole to shove in dough or extract bread from an oven; a peel
vroedmeester	n	de · mv. vroedmeesters	male obstetrician
krioelen	v	krioelde – gekrioeld	to swarm, pullulate, teem
krielkip	n	de · mv. krielkippen	bantam (small chicken)
kriel	n	de · mv. krielen	something or someone undersized or puny; a bantam; a small potato
olijk	a		cheeky, cheerful
verderfenis	n	de · mv. verderfenissen	corruption; moral decay
ootmoedigheid	n	de	meekness, humility
geheimenis	n	de · mv. geheimenissen	secret; mystery
ontheemd	a		displaced, deprived of a home
onthemen	v	ontheemde – ontheemd	to displace, deprive of a home
ontgroenen	v	ontgroende – ontgroend	to become less green, to lose its green colour; to have a decreasing young population; to haze
ontgroening	n	de · mv. ontgroeningen	the relative decline of younger age cohorts in a society due to low birth…; hazing
schaterlach	n	de	loud laughter
schaterlachen	v	schaterlachte – geschaterlacht	to laugh loudly
schateren	v	schaterde – geschaterd	to laugh loudly
droefenis	n	de · mv. droefenissen	sadness
goedmens	n	de · mv. goedmensen	do-gooder; person who has a naive and unreflected conviction of their own…; someone overly concerned with political correctness
ontwapenen	v	ontwapende – ontwapend	to disarm, to take weapons from; to lay down arms; to disarm emotionally
meezingen	v	zong mee – meegezongen	to sing along
meezang	n	de · mv. meezangen	a sing along
studentendoop	n	de · mv. studentendopen	student hazing
wierde	n	de · mv. wierden	a man-made hill for refuge during a flood, esp. one in Groningen and Friesland
vergrijzing	n	de · mv. vergrijzingen	the ageing of the population due to a decrease in the proportion of young…
waterkans	n	de · mv. waterkansen	slim chance
gemoedsgesteldheid	n	de · mv. gemoedsgesteldheden	mood
rederijker	n	de · mv. rederijkers	rhetorician, literatus, especially an amateur involved in theatre; a member…
werkstellig	a		in effect, in force, being applied in practice
babs	n	de · mv. babsen	civil servant who performs civil marriages
kuisheidsgordel	n	de · mv. kuisheidsgordels	chastity belt
langoest	n	de · mv. langoesten	spiny lobster
intercostaal	a		between the ribs; intercostal
tussenribs	a		between the ribs; intercostal
wondvocht	n	het	exudate
bezolden	v	bezoldde – bezold	synonym of bezoldigen
zwijken	v	zweek – gezweken	synonym of bezwijken
zwijmen	v	zwijmde – gezwijmd	to faint, to swoon; to lose strength, to collapse
zwijm	n	de	weakened or lost consciousness, swoon
perpendiculair	a		perpendicular
rechthoekig	a		orthogonal
bijkomen	v	kwam bij – bijgekomen	to regain consciousness, to come round; to recuperate, to recover, to catch one's breath
spijkerschrift	n	het · mv. spijkerschriften	cuneiform
wigschrift	n	het · mv. wigschriften	cuneiform
Inn	m		Inn (a right tributary of the Danube in Switzerland, Austria and Germany)
verderven	v	verdierf – verdorven	to spoil, to ruin, to corrupt
nooddruft	n	de	poverty
nooddruftig	a		needy
gondellied	n	het · mv. gondelliederen	barcarole
camee	n	de · mv. cameeën	a piece of jewelry carved in relief; a cameo
kanaliseren	v	kanaliseerde – gekanaliseerd	to channel
crèmewit	a		creamy white; cream
papschool	n	de · mv. papscholen	kindergarten
vijandin	n	de · mv. vijandinnen	female enemy
tarantisme	n	het · mv. tarantismes	tarantism
danswoede	n	de · mv. danswoedes	tarantism
perforatie	n	de · mv. perforaties	perforation
uitgewogen	a		balanced
gebalanceerd	a		balanced
aanbevelenswaardig	a		recommendable, advisable
badmeester	n	de · mv. badmeesters	male pool lifeguard, often also serving as a swimming instructor
rammelaar	n	de · mv. rammelaars	a rattle, a baby's toy that creates sound when shaken; a rabbit buck, a male rabbit
unciaal	n	de · mv. uncialen	uncial letter, late classical and early medieval style of letter; uncial script
spleetoog	n	het · mv. spleetogen	slit-eye, slant-eye; a person of Chinese or Far Eastern descent; Chink, gook, slope
urilift	n	de · mv. uriliften	a urinal contained in an elevator, allowing the operator to limit access
zedelijkheid	n	de	morality, moral stature
zedeloos	a		indecent, immoral (often with connotations of sexuality)
jegener	n	de · mv. jegeners	opponent
krijgshamer	n	de · mv. krijgshamers	war hammer
strijdhamer	n	de · mv. strijdhamers	war hammer
bon-vivant	n	de · mv. bon-vivants	a bon vivant, person who enjoys the good things in life, especially good…
aanrechtsubsidie	n	de · mv. aanrechtsubsidies	a subsidy, usually a rebate, for a couple of whom one partner does not…
rupsvoertuig	n	het · mv. rupsvoertuigen	any vehicle with caterpillar tracks
rupsband	n	de · mv. rupsbanden	caterpillar track
foor	n	de · mv. foren	fair, convention; funfair, carnival
knechtschap	n	het	servitude; oppression
huisfeest	n	het · mv. huisfeesten	house party
jaarmarkt	n	de · mv. jaarmarkten	fair, annually returning public event
paddo	n	de · mv. paddo's	a magic mushroom
codeïne	n	de	codeine
dikhuidig	a		thick-skinned
tweebenig	a		bipedal, two-legged
gerro	n	de · mv. gerro's	cigarette
gregoriaans	a		Gregorian
ondermaans	a		earthly; irreligious, profane
smokken	v	smokte – gesmokt	to smock (apply smocking)
drieërhande	a		of three sorts
fitheid	n	de · mv. fitheden	the state, quality, or condition of being fit or healthy; fitness
kikkererwt	n	de · mv. kikkererwten	chickpea, a seed of Cicer arietinum; chickpea plant (Cicer arietinum)
kerngezin	n	het · mv. kerngezinnen	nuclear family
voetveeg	n	de · mv. voetvegen	doormat, mat; flunky, doormat, minion; leg sweep (kick or tackle where the leg sweeps over the ground)
veenmol	n	de · mv. veenmollen	mole cricket, insect of the family Gryllotalpidae
huzarenstuk	n	het · mv. huzarenstukken	impressive feat, tour de force, masterpiece
lijkschouwing	n	de · mv. lijkschouwingen	autopsy, postmortem
dissectie	n	de · mv. dissecties	dissection, autopsy; thorough examination, investigation or exposition
dijkschouw	n	de · mv. dijkschouwen	inspection of dikes
dikoor	n	de	mumps
Vossen	m		a surname
eerstgeborene	n	de · mv. eerstgeborenen	firstborn
eersteling	n	de · mv. eerstelingen	the first fruits of a field or flock; the first-born
onderschatten	v	onderschatte – onderschat	to underestimate
onderschatting	n	de · mv. onderschattingen	underestimate
overschatting	n	de · mv. overschattingen	overestimate
overschatten	v	overschatte – overschat	to overestimate
dazen	v	daasde – gedaasd	to talk nonsense, to engage in crazy talk
daas	a		foolish, dull, silly
daas	n	de · mv. dazen	horse-fly, blood-sucking fly of the family Tabanidae
koeienvlaai	n	de · mv. koeienvlaaien	a cowpie, a cowpat
etenstijd	n	de · mv. etenstijden	mealtime, especially dinnertime
nukkig	a		moody, grumpy, inconstant, temperamental
klapsigaar	n	de · mv. klapsigaren	exploding cigar (mainly as a stereotypical practical joke)
motormuis	n	de · mv. motormuizen	a police officer on a motorcycle; a biker
dwergpinguïn	n	de · mv. dwergpinguïns	little penguin (Eudyptula minor)
flapdrol	n	de · mv. flapdrollen	fool, nincompoop
neurochirurg	n	de · mv. neurochirurgen	neurosurgeon
neanderthaler	n	de · mv. neanderthalers	a Neanderthal, Homo neanderthalensis
meetsysteem	n	het · mv. meetsystemen	measurement system
maandnaam	n	de · mv. maandnamen	month name
droomoord	n	het · mv. droomoorden	place of dreams, very idyllic location
berooidheid	n	de	destitution, poverty
gloeiwijn	n	de · mv. gloeiwijnen	mulled wine
Fokker	m		Fokker: a surname
Fokker	n	de · mv. Fokkers	Fokker: An aeroplane produced by the aeroplane manufacturer Fokker
mee-eten	v	at mee – meegegeten	to eat along with others, to join others for a meal
ontoerekenbaar	a		unaccountable, insane, non compos mentis
toerekenbaar	a		accountable, compos mentis
toerekenen	v	rekende toe – toegerekend	to impute, hold accountable; to ascribe
meerekenen	v	rekende mee – meegerekend	to include, to take into account
doezen	v	doesde – gedoesd	to doze
Dommelen	m		a village and former municipality of Valkenswaard, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dommel	m		a river in North Brabant, Netherlands
dompen	v	dompte – gedompt	to dip, to submerge; to turn along the vertical axis, to point/aim in another direction; to extinguish, to dim, to put out (of light)
krenken	v	krenkte – gekrenkt	to damage, to hurt; to miff, to insult
zwanenzang	n	de · mv. zwanenzangen	swan song (last major work, accomplishment or effort before one's demise or…
zedendelict	n	het · mv. zedendelicten	a sex crime
kogge	n	de · mv. koggen	cog (clinker-built, flat-bottomed sailing cargo ship of the Middle Ages)
Edens	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
tanig	a		tawny, brownish, orange brown; colourless; thin, lean, scrawny
tanen	v	taande – getaand	to tan, to treat with tannic acid; to tan, to turn into a tan colour; to wane, to decline
pennenstrijd	n	de · mv. pennenstrijden	a polemic playing out in writing
verspekken	v	verspekte – verspekt	to turn lipid and pale, to spoil
vlugschrift	n	het · mv. vlugschriften	pamphlet relating to current events
kassiewijle	a		dead
rammeien	v	rammeide – gerammeid	to knock, to pound
doekoen	n	de · mv. doekoens	dukun, a Javan or Malay witch doctor or folk healer
verruwen	v	verruwde – verruwd	to grow rough or uneven; to roughen, to unsmooth; to become or make less civil
aanzeggen	v	zei aan – aangezegd	to declare, to formally inform
televisiemaker	n	de · mv. televisiemakers	a producer of television programs
pagga	n		wank, masturbation; cum, sperm
iconenschilder	n	de · mv. iconenschilders	someone who paints icons
eikelen	v	eikelde – geëikeld	to (let) forage for acorns; to be annoying, to act like a jerk
inwijkeling	n	de · mv. inwijkelingen	immigrant; newcomer, new arrival, new resident
uitham	n	de · mv. uithammen	headland; protrusion, extension
inham	n	de · mv. inhammen	inlet
werkverlet	n	het	leave from work
Dogger	m		Dogger, area near the Dogger Bank; Dogger, Middle Jurassic, second period of the Jurassic
Talossaans	a		of or relating to Talossa
Talossaans	m		Talossan, the language spoken in Talossa
Quist	m		a surname
boodschapper	n	de · mv. boodschappers	messenger
metoniem	n	het · mv. metoniemen	metonym
duizen	v	duisde – geduisd	to be dizzy, confused
houwer	n	de · mv. houwers	someone who chops, in particular a lumberjack or a sculptor; a hewer, a pickman; a tusk of a wild boar
leesten	v	leestte – geleest	to perform
slingen	v	slong – geslongen	to sling; to wind, to coil
democratuur	n	de · mv. democraturen	a democracy with many characteristics of a dictatorship or a dictatorship…
kibbelkabinet	n	het · mv. kibbelkabinetten	a government that is in-fighting on a regular basis
zinderen	v	zinderde – gezinderd	to sizzle; to affect, to have an impact
nasmaak	n	de · mv. nasmaken	aftertaste
welks	r		whose
hacht	n	de · mv. hachten	large piece or chunk, esp. of meat or bread; captivity, imprisonment
grindewal	n	de · mv. grindewallen	pilot whale
afwenden	v	wendde af – afgewend	to stave off, to avert, to obviate, to prevent; to turn away
conjectuur	n	de · mv. conjecturen	conjecture
subiet	d		immediately, at once
bestevenen	v	bestevende – bestevend	to turn one's bow to; to sail to
Boon	m		a surname; a male given name
Offerfeest	m		an Islamic festival commemorating the prophet Ibrahim's willingness to…
Suikerfeest	m		Eid al-Fitr; the religious celebration at the end of Ramadan, on the first…
verwaand	a		supercilious
Vis	m		a surname
muze	n	de · mv. muzen	muse (Greek goddess); muse (source of inspiration)
opscheplepel	n	de · mv. opscheplepels	serving spoon
winderig	a		windy; flatulent
Stork	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
pleinvrees	n	de	agoraphobia
richel	n	de · mv. richels	ridge, ledge; bar, lath
beuren	v	beurde – gebeurd	to lift, to raise; to collect (debt, owed money); to receive
zeeschuimer	n	de · mv. zeeschuimers	pirate
opblaasboot	n	de · mv. opblaasboten	inflatable boat
onderbuikgevoel	n	het · mv. onderbuikgevoelens	gut feeling, visceral feeling, often construed as prejudiced
zwalken	v	zwalkte – gezwalkt	to walk around, to walk about; to walk unsteadily and aimlessly, particularly of drunk people
jofel	a		nice, fun
kinnesinne	n	de	hatred, envy, intense jealousy
rauzen	v	rausde – gerausd	to rage, to be noisy and agitated; to move fast and recklessly, e.g. without regard for others
zwijntjesjager	n	de · mv. zwijntjesjagers	a bicycle thief
talig	a		pertaining to language; proficient in language
portie	n	de · mv. porties	serving, helping; portion, part, amount
waterverf	n	de · mv. waterverven	watercolour/watercolor, water-based pigment
waterpeil	n	het · mv. waterpeilen	water level
waterpijp	n	de · mv. waterpijpen	tube (conduit) for transporting or containing water; water pipe, hookah
radiomaker	n	de · mv. radiomakers	a producer of radio programs
verneukeratief	a		tricky; relating to a statement, attitude, or behaviour that is more or less…
spinnendoder	n	de · mv. spinnendoders	spider wasp, any member of the Pompilidae
hangbuikzwijn	n	het · mv. hangbuikzwijnen	pot-bellied pig, a Vietnamese breed of domesticated pig
schuimen	v	schuimde – geschuimd	to foam, to produce foam; to remove foam; to remove impurities from something
afschuimen	v	schuimde af – afgeschuimd	to remove foam; to remove impurities (from); to plunder, to rob
smeerlap	n	de · mv. smeerlappen	asshole, bastard; dirtbag, pervert; a gross person
baklap	n	de · mv. baklappen	cutlet, schnitzel (without bread crumbs); loser, jerk, oaf
opruien	v	ruide op – opgeruid	to agitate or incite others to do something bad; to stir up trouble; to stir emotionally
verstandskies	n	de · mv. verstandskiezen	wisdom tooth
aloë	n	de · mv. aloë's	aloe, succulent of the genus Aloe
aanbesteden	v	besteedde aan – aanbesteed	to put out to tender; to call for bids; to tender
aanbetreffen	v	betrefte aan – aanbetreft	to concern
aanvaren	v	voer aan – aangevaren	to collide while sailing; to collide with; to sail near/closer
beschermfeest	n	het · mv. beschermfeesten	festival for a patron saint
woordblind	a		dyslexic
geestrijk	a		smart, witty; alcoholic
wapenstand	n	de · mv. wapenstanden	armistice; truce
containerbegrip	n	het · mv. containerbegrippen	catch-all term
verzamelbegrip	n	het · mv. verzamelbegrippen	catch-all term
methodologisch	n	mv. methodologische	methodological
Menzel	m		a hamlet in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
bepotelen	v	bepotelde – bepoteld	to grope, to touch sexually; to get one's hands on, to handle, to control
thaumaturg	n	de · mv. thaumaturgen	thaumaturge
milieugekkie	n	de · mv. milieugekkies	an environmentalist perceived to be radical
doenlijk	a		doable, achievable, possible
pronker	n	de · mv. pronkers	a show-off
randaarde	n	de · mv. randaarden	earth (UK)/ground (America) on a Schuko type electrical socket, with earth…
penaarde	n	de · mv. penaarden	earth (UK)/ground (America) on a French type electrical socket, with…
poedelprijs	n	de · mv. poedelprijzen	booby prize, a prize awarded to the loser
troostprijs	n	de · mv. troostprijzen	consolation prize, a prize awarded to a runner-up or other well performing…
zelfredzaamheid	n	de	self-reliance
sjoel	n	de · mv. sjoels	a (usually Ashkenazic) synagogue
baliekluiver	n	de · mv. baliekluivers	idler, loafer, lazybones
krachttoer	n	de · mv. krachttoeren	impressive feat, tour de force
pingelen	v	pingelde – gepingeld	to wrangle, to try to get a better price; to ring, to resound like a bell; to play music (with the implication of poor quality)
hespan	n	de · mv. hespannen	raccoon
eedgespan	n	het · mv. eedgespannen	an alliance; a conspiracy
soebatten	v	soebatte – gesoebat	to beg persistently; to grovel, to beg sycophantically
mombakkes	n	de/het · mv. mombakkessen	mask
sjacheren	v	sjacherde – gesjacherd	to sell a pup, to swindle with substandard wares, to scam; to wrangle, haggle
ziekenauto	n	de · mv. ziekenauto's	ambulance
tinnef	n	de	junk, stuff of poor quality; scum
snikkel	n	de · mv. snikkels	penis
bemalen	v	bemaalde – bemalen	to drain (a polder, or other piece of land or body of water) by means of…; to paint, apply paint to
sjeik	n	de · mv. sjeiks	a sheikh, various Arabic secular titles, including the ruler of a sheikdom…; a sheikh, various Islamic religious titles
improvisatie	n	de · mv. improvisaties	improvisation
parapluplant	n	de · mv. parapluplanten	umbrella papyrus, umbrella sedge, umbrella palm (Cyperus alternifolius)
deuropening	n	de · mv. deuropeningen	doorway, door opening
deurbel	n	de · mv. deurbellen	doorbell
wijnfles	n	de · mv. wijnflessen	wine bottle
wijnazijn	n	de	wine vinegar
wijnboer	n	de · mv. wijnboeren	owner of a vineyard
Engelstalig	a		having knowledge of the English language, said especially of native…; in the English language
wijnglas	n	het · mv. wijnglazzen	wine glass
bierfles	n	de · mv. bierflessen	beer bottle
misselijk	a		nauseous, nauseated, having the urge to vomit
hobbelig	a		bumpy
pooierbak	n	de · mv. pooierbakken	a pimpmobile, a pimped up car
ragbak	n	de · mv. ragbakken	a run-down car
hobbel	n	de · mv. hobbels	bump; hobble
kaarslicht	n	het	candlelight
kaarsvet	n	het	candle wax
kaarsvlam	n	de · mv. kaarsvlammen	candleflame
kaarsenmaker	n	de · mv. kaarsenmakers	candler
kaarsenfabriek	n	de · mv. kaarsenfabrieken	candle factory
kaarsenstandaard	n	de · mv. kaarsenstandaarden	candelabrum
dakgoot	n	de · mv. dakgoten	a rain gutter (under the eaves of a roof), an eavestrough
dakraam	n	het · mv. dakramen	roof window
dakriet	n	het	reed used for thatching roofs
daktuin	n	de · mv. daktuinen	roof garden
dakkapel	n	de · mv. dakkapellen	dormer, dormer window
dakdekker	n	de · mv. dakdekkers	roofer
dakwerker	n	de · mv. dakwerkers	roofer
dakconcert	n	het · mv. dakconcerten	rooftop concert
daklekkage	n	de · mv. daklekkages	leakage of the roof
dakisolatie	n	de	insulation of the roof
isolatie	n	de	insulation (act of insulating; any of a variety of materials designed to…; isolation (state of being isolated
afdak	n	het · mv. afdaken	lean-to, shelter roof; a roof over an area not fully enclosed by walls
grasdak	n	het · mv. grasdaken	roof with grass growing on it
strodak	n	het · mv. strodakken	roof thatched with straw
tentdak	n	het · mv. tentdaken	tented roof
paviljoendak	n	het · mv. paviljoendaken	tented roof
piramidedak	n	het · mv. piramidedaken	tented roof
zadeldak	n	het · mv. zadeldaken	gable roof
bladerdak	n	het · mv. bladerdaken	canopy, topmost foliage
koepeldak	n	het · mv. koepeldaken	domed roof
pannendak	n	het · mv. pannendaken	tiled roof
schaliedak	n	het · mv. schaliedaken	shale roof
schedeldak	n	het · mv. schedeldaken	calvaria, skullcap
zaagtanddak	n	het · mv. zaagtanddaken	saw-tooth roof
zaagdak	n	het · mv. zaagdaken	saw-tooth roof
sheddak	n	het · mv. sheddaken	saw-tooth roof
lessenaarsdak	n	het · mv. lessenaarsdaken	pent roof
koplamp	n	de · mv. koplampen	headlamp
ledlamp	n	de · mv. ledlampen	LED lamp
remlamp	n	de · mv. remlampen	brake light
autolamp	n	de · mv. autolampen	lamp of a car
bermlamp	n	de · mv. bermlampen	lamp on the side of a car to light the side of the road
bouwlamp	n	de · mv. bouwlampen	construction light
buislamp	n	de · mv. buislampen	tubular fluorescent lamp
fotolamp	n	de · mv. fotolampen	photographer's lamp
boself	n	de · mv. boselfen	wood elf
Coen	m		a diminutive of the male given name Coenraad
Rivka	m		a female given name
Jordy	m		a male given name
maçonniek	a		Masonic
Grootoosten	n	het · mv. Grootoostens	Grand Orient, Grand Lodge
rituaal	n	het · mv. ritualen	an instruction text for performing rituals, a liturgy book
anti-maçonniek	a		antimasonic
kattenkruid	n	het · mv. kattenkruiden	catnip, catwort, any plant of the genus Nepeta
marchanderen	v	marchandeerde – gemarchandeerd	to haggle, to bargain
volksmennerij	n	de · mv. volksmennerijen	demagoguery
veelwijverij	n	de · mv. veelwijverijen	polygyny
broedermoord	n	de · mv. broedermoorden	fratricide
maldoenerij	n	de · mv. maldoenerijen	silly behaviour or activity, buffoonery
engelenbak	n	de · mv. engelenbakken	the highest box(es) at a theatre, intended for VIP guests
plotsklaps	d		suddenly
plotsklaps	a		sudden
pluimstrijkend	a		sycophantic
pluimstrijken	v	pluimstrijkte – gepluimstrijkt	to fawn, to be a sycophant
pluimstrijker	n	de · mv. pluimstrijkers	a sycophant, a fawner
vraagal	n	de · mv. vraagals	a nosy person who persists in asking questions
Kasen	m		a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
frituurvet	n	het · mv. frituurvetten	deep-frying oil
spiegelglad	a		very slippery
Kade	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
tankauto	n	de · mv. tankauto's	tank truck/tanker truck
tankwagen	n	de · mv. tankwagens	tank truck/tanker truck
horecabedrijf	n	het · mv. horecabedrijven	hotel or catering business
spekglad	a		very slippery
Brielle	m		a city and former municipality of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Koen	m		a male given name
bestelbus	n	de · mv. bestelbussen	delivery van
afsluiter	n	de · mv. afsluiters	closer, shutter, tap, valve
neusbeer	n	de · mv. neusberen	coati, procyonid of the genera Nasua or Nasuella
versnijdenis	n	de · mv. versnijdenissen	concision, mutilation of the flesh (polemical term for circumcision)
zonneregen	n	de · mv. zonneregens	a sun shower; sunshine, a shower of sunrays
hansworst	n	de · mv. hansworsten	butterfingers, klutz, meathead
ouwehoeren	v	ouwehoerde – geouwehoerd	to banter, to chitchat, to bullshit
praatbarak	n	de · mv. praatbarakken	an official body that is perceived as all talk and no action; any meeting that is expected to be all talk and no action
rundvee	n	het	cattle
pluimvee	n	het	fowl
klapvee	n	het	audience whose only purpose is to applaud
kleinvee	n	het	sheep and goats (sometimes also including pigs, fowl or even bees); defined…
grootvee	n	het	cattle and horses (sometimes also including pigs); defined as larger-sized…
bushok	n	het · mv. bushokken	bus shelter
babyfoon	n	de · mv. babyfoons	baby monitor, audio system for monitoring babies
jaap	n	de · mv. japen	gash, a deep cut
Tenach	m		the Tanakh
bovenkruier	n	de · mv. bovenkruiers	smock mill
wipmolen	n	de · mv. wipmolens	hollow post mill; wip mill
troefkaart	n	de · mv. troefkaarten	a trump card, trump; an advantage kept hidden
snoeshaan	n	de · mv. snoeshanen	strange, unusual or weird person
schraper	n	de · mv. schrapers	a scraper (tool); a scrooge, a miser
oudgast	n	de · mv. oudgasten	a longtimer, a long-time resident of Dutch background in the Dutch East Indies
orang-baar	n	de · mv. orang-baren	greenhorn, newbie, particularly a recent arrival in the Dutch East Indies
plattekaas	n	de · mv. plattekazen	the soft creamy cheese quark
blauwschimmelkaas	n	de · mv. blauwschimmelkazen	blue cheese
schimmelkaas	n	de · mv. schimmelkazen	any fungal cheese, such as blue cheese
stemmingmakerij	n	de · mv. stemmingmakerijen	rabblerousing, agitation (the activity of arousing public sentiment)
rumboon	n	de · mv. rumbonen	a bean-shaped praline with a rum filling
visrijk	a		fish-filled, fishful (abounding in fish, full of fish)
vissenrijk	n	het · mv. vissenrijken	a fish kingdom or empire
sjekel	n	de · mv. sjekels	shekel, ancient Israelite unit of weight; shekel, ancient Judean monetary unit; shekel, modern Israeli monetary unit
trendmatig	a		according to trend; in line with the norms of (current) fashion
bankwezen	n	het	banking, banking sector
herkapitaliseren	v	herkapitaliseerde – geherkapitaliseerd	to recapitalize
ambachtelijk	a		artisanal; produced or producing according to the rules of traditional craft
levensvatbaar	a		viable (all senses)
vatbaar	a		prone to certain behaviours; easily damaged or afflicted by disease; well-disposed to certain things, notion or actions
regenpijp	n	de · mv. regenpijpen	drainpipe, downspout
hekeldicht	n	het · mv. hekeldichten	a satirical poem
Rotjeknor	m		Nickname for Rotterdam
pagadder	n	de · mv. pagadders	little kid, toddler
bijkans	d		almost, nearly
chromatide	n	de · mv. chromatiden	chromatid
boejemer	n	de · mv. boejemers	gypsy
turnkring	n	de · mv. turnkringen	gymnastics club
digibeet	n	de · mv. digibeten	a person who is computer illiterate
digibeet	a		computer illiterate
cadeaudochter	n	de · mv. cadeaudochters	stepdaughter
koebeest	n	het · mv. koebeesten	moo-moo (humorous term for cow/bovine)
rakoen	n	de · mv. rakoens	raccoon
koukleum	n	de · mv. koukleumen	person who is often/easily cold, person bothered by the cold a lot
periost	n	het · mv. periosten	periosteum
zuilengalerij	n	de · mv. zuilengalerijen	colonnade, peristyle
wagenpark	n	het · mv. wagenparken	carfleet; rolling stock
overtoom	n	de · mv. overtomen	overland boat ramp
maakbaarheid	n	de	malleability, feasibility
wiegendruk	n	de · mv. wiegendrukken	incunable
incunabel	n	de · mv. incunabelen	incunable
vrijdenker	n	de · mv. vrijdenkers	freethinker, someone critical of organised religion
verhevigen	v	verhevigde – verhevigd	to intensify
ecotoerisme	n	het	ecotourism
hiernumaals	n	het · mv. hiernumaalsen	life before death, contrasted with afterlife
hiernamaals	n	het · mv. hiernamaalsen	afterlife, life after death
hiernamaals	d		hereafter, afterwards
hiernamaals	a		of or relating to the afterlife
schalk	n	de · mv. schalken	a scoundrel, rascal, tomboy; a prankster, trickster
schalk	a		villainous, vile; deceitful, deceptive; cheeky, playfully teasing
schalks	a		teasing, naughty
Boekestijntje	n	het · mv. Boekestijntjes	verbal gaffe, faux pas
jeremiade	n	de · mv. jeremiades	moaning, lamentation; jeremiad
myelum	n	het · mv. myela	spinal cord; myeloma
complotdenker	n	de · mv. complotdenkers	conspiracist
stennis	n	de	uproar, commotion
soefi	n	de · mv. soefi's	Sufi
soera	n	de · mv. soera's	surah, chapter of the Qur'an
djihaad	n	de · mv. djihaads	struggle, effort; holy war, when (perceived to be) undertaken by Muslims
oemma	n	de · mv. oemma's	the ummah
kalief	n	de · mv. kaliefen	caliph
bontkraag	n	de · mv. bontkragen	fur collar
bontkraagje	n	het · mv. bontkraagjes	a (male) youngster of (supposed) Moroccan background
oelama	n		Islamic religious specialists; the community of Islamic experts
corpsbal	n	de · mv. corpsballen	frat boy, stereotypical haughty or foppish student belonging to a student…
studentencorps	n	het · mv. studentencorpora	student society, especially a traditional and hierarchical one
karoot	n	de · mv. karoten	carrot
kroot	n	de · mv. kroten	beet; beetroot, red beet
prakkiseren	v	prakkiseerde – geprakkiseerd	to ponder, to mull, to ruminate
praktiseren	v	praktiseerde – gepraktiseerd	to carry out, to perform, to bring into practice; to operate as a matter of profession; to observe (a tradition or religion), to practise
Hidjra	m		Hijra
verstevigen	v	verstevigde – verstevigd	to solidify, to reinforce
Warholiaans	a		Warholian
schrijftafel	n	de · mv. schrijftafels	desk
bloedbeeld	n	het · mv. bloedbeelden	blood count
bodenbrood	n	het	reward for a messenger, specifically the first one to pass a message
godzaligheid	n	de · mv. godzaligheden	devotion, piety
staatsterreur	n	de	state terror
lankmoedig	a		forbearing, forgiving, patient, longanimous
Blanda	m		synonym of Nederland (“Netherlands”)
rouwmoed	n	de	grief, state of mourning
weerjaguar	n	de · mv. weerjaguars	werejaguar
jeugdwerking	n	de · mv. jeugdwerkingen	youth academy
ijverig	a		assiduous, diligent, hard-working
naarstig	a		assiduous, diligent, industrious
naarling	n	de · mv. naarlingen	annoying or unpleasant person; scoundrel, rapscallion, pain in the neck
geslachtsdaad	n	de · mv. geslachtsdaden	sexual intercourse
onverlaat	n	de · mv. onverlaten	thug, reprobate, vandal
nopens	p		concerning, with respect to, regarding
waterkeur	n	de · mv. waterkeuren	a local ordinance regarding water
uitruil	n	de · mv. uitruilen	swap, exchange, mutual transfer of people, animals or goods
staatszender	n	de · mv. staatszenders	state television channel
zeezoogdier	n	het · mv. zeezoogdieren	marine mammal
kosten-batenanalyse	n	de · mv. kosten-batenanalysen	cost-benefit analysis
partijlijn	n	de · mv. partijlijnen	party line, official view
partijdier	n	het · mv. partijdieren	someone with strong ties to a political party, often a passionate proponent…
libertair	a		libertarian (socialist), anarchist, radical
libertarisch	a		libertarian (capitalist), favouring minarchy; libertarian, opposed to coercion and strong authority
staatsingrijpen	n	het	state intervention, government intervention
overheidsingrijpen	n	het	government intervention, state intervention
matennaaier	n	de · mv. matennaaiers	someone who betrays a friend, a backstabber
mierenneukerij	n	de · mv. mierenneukerijen	nitpickery
aanvinken	v	vinkte aan – aangevinkt	to check (f.e. choices on a form) (not implying elimination of options or…
gallent	n		rack, frame
broem	n	de	dirty, thick foam on tea, coffee, brewing beer, vinaigre, soup, broth etc
broem	i		sound made by a motorised vehicle
soepvlees	n		piece of meat that gets boiled with a soup dish to add flavor to the latter…
hovaardij	n	de · mv. hovaardijen	hubris, haughtiness
hovaard	n	de · mv. hovaarden	hubris, haughtiness
ozongat	n	het · mv. ozongaten	ozone hole
arrogantie	n	de · mv. arroganties	arrogance
stilaan	d		slowly, gradually
nieuwtestamenticus	n	de · mv. nieuwtestamentici	New Testament scholar
oudtestamenticus	n	de · mv. oudtestamentici	Old Testament scholar, Hebrew Bible scholar
zeearend	n	de · mv. zeearenden	white-tailed eagle, sea eagle (Haliaeetus albicilla, species or individual); several marine eagles of the genus Haliaeetus
dagjesmens	n	de · mv. dagjesmensen	day-tripper
galerijflat	n	de · mv. galerijflats	a tower block with exits on an open hallway or otherwise with interconnected…
reisverhaal	n	het · mv. reisverhalen	travelogue
beschenken	v	beschonk – beschonken	to bestow (on), to confer; to give a drink; to get drunk
kolderstok	n	de · mv. kolderstokken	whipstaff
voetstuk	n	het · mv. voetstukken	pedestal; leg of a piece of furniture
michels	r		I, me
militaristisch	a		militaristic
huisjesmelker	n	de · mv. huisjesmelkers	slumlord
staartploeg	n	de · mv. staartploegen	stilted plough, plow with (a) stilt(s); team that trails in the rankings
stoomtrein	n	de · mv. stoomtreinen	steam train
stroomtrein	n	de · mv. stroomtreinen	electric train
dieseltrein	n	de · mv. dieseltreinen	diesel train
diesellocomotief	n	de · mv. diesellocomotieven	diesel locomotive
stouterik	n	de · mv. stouteriken	naughty person
dakhaas	n	de · mv. dakhazen	cat, often when a cat is referenced as food; roof rabbit
gemenerik	n	de · mv. gemeneriken	meanie
slechterik	n	de · mv. slechteriken	baddie, bad guy, villain
epiloog	n	de · mv. epilogen	epilogue
omstandigheidszin	n	de · mv. omstandigheidszinnen	circumstantial clause/sentence
perifrastisch	a		using circumlocution, being needlessly long; expressing meaning through free morphemes
sluipverkeer	n	het	traffic that engages in cut-through driving
moeskoppen	v	moeskopte – gemoeskopt	to plunder, to maraud
muskuskat	n	de · mv. muskuskatten	raccoon; civet
muskus	n	de	musk
tentamineren	v	tentamineerde – getentamineerd	to test someone (especially in higher education)
examineren	v	examineerde – geëxamineerd	to test someone, to subject to an exam
contraheren	v	contraheerde – gecontraheerd	to contract
themavocaal	n	de · mv. themavocalen	a thematic vowel, a theme vowel
vocaal	n	de · mv. vocalen	a vowel
vocaal	a		vocal, pertaining to the voice; vocal, outspoken, prone to use one's voice
vocaal	d		vocally (in a way related to the voice)
aoristus	n	de · mv. aoristi	aorist
grondoorzaak	n	de · mv. grondoorzaken	root cause
hongerhormoon	n	het · mv. hongerhormonen	ghrelin
ghreline	n	de	ghrelin
Ameland	m		Ameland (an island and municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
buidel	n	de · mv. buidels	a pouch, small closed bag or purse; the pouch which a female marsupial carries her young in
drollenvanger	n	de · mv. drollenvangers	a type of baggy pants with tight cuffs and often a low crotch, including…; a nappy/diaper for horses or dogs
sjouchet	n	de · mv. sjouchets	shochet
sjofar	n	de · mv. sjofars	shofar
goeroe	n	de · mv. goeroes	guru
eilandengroep	n	de · mv. eilandengroepen	archipelago
anachoreet	n	de · mv. anachoreten	anchorite, hermit monk; any other hermit
heremiet	n	de · mv. heremieten	hermit
almemor	n	de · mv. almemors	bima, pulpit in an Ashkenazi synagogue
Meed	n	de · mv. Meden	Mede, Median
minziek	a		in love
twistziek	a		argumentative, quarrelsome
dweepziek	a		excessively adoring; zealous, fanatical
praatziek	a		loquacious, garrulous
spilziek	a		wasteful, profligate
kibbelziek	a		belligerent, quarrelsome
vervolgziek	a		prone to persecute, extremely intolerant
maanziek	a		lunatic, silly
schendziek	a		violent, aggressive
dansziek	a		prone to dancing, dance-happy
praalziek	a		ostentatious, showy
pronkziek	a		ostentatious, showy
pronken	v	pronkte – gepronkt	to display, to show off (with the intention of making an impression)
pralen	v	praalde – gepraald	to shine, to radiate; to display, to show off (with the intention of making a wealthy or…
scheldziek	a		prone to swearing
afsterven	v	stierf af – afgestorven	to die off; to die out, to die away; to decompose
wegwerpen	v	wierp weg – weggeworpen	to cast away, to throw out; to reject
Schalk	m		a surname originating as a patronymic; a male given name
verschalen	v	verschaalde – verschaald	to go stale
tijgen	v	teeg – getegen	to accuse; to go; to pull
bunkeren	v	bunkerde – gebunkerd	to create a stock of (mostly of fuel); to devour, to feast, to eat voraciously in large quantities
bloemkoolwijk	n	de · mv. bloemkoolwijken	a neighbourhood built around roads that branch like a tree diagram
verkeersfuik	n	de · mv. verkeersfuiken	a police trap that involves putting a checkpoint on a road; a place where traffic moves slowly
betalingsmiddel	n	het · mv. betalingsmiddelen	tender, a means of payment
samenzweringstheoreticus	n	de · mv. samenzweringstheoretici	conspiracy theorist
ezelsbrug	n	de · mv. ezelsbruggen	mnemonic
kolven	v	kolfde – gekolfd	to express breast milk outside of breastfeeding, for later use
ampas	n	de	bagasse (the residue from processing sugar cane after the juice is extracted)
verworden	v	verwerd – verworden	to become corrupt; to degenerate
conflagratie	n	de · mv. conflagraties	conflagration, cyclical or eschatological destruction of the world through fire; any large fire; any vehement conflict
knuffelcrimineel	n	de · mv. knuffelcriminelen	celebrity criminal, a criminal with persistently favourable media coverage
vliegtuigbom	n	de · mv. vliegtuigbommen	aerial bomb, bomb dropped or launched from an aircraft
homofobisch	a		homophobic
potenrammer	n	de · mv. potenrammers	gay basher, somebody who engages in homophobic violence
klimaatcrimineel	n	de · mv. klimaatcriminelen	climate criminal, someone whose actions with respect to the climate, in…
klimaatgevoeligheid	n	de · mv. klimaatgevoeligheden	climate sensitivity
zeemzoet	a		cloyingly sweet; overly nice or friendly (seemingly insincere)
mierzoet	a		cloyingly sweet
zeem	n	de	honey, in particular virgin honey; a cloth of chamois leather or a substitute, used for cleaning or sewn inside…
trumpisme	n	het	Trumpism, the nativist ideology of Donald Trump and his supporters
oormerken	v	oormerkte – geoormerkt	to earmark (to tag an animal's ear); to earmark (allocate funding); to typify, to be characteristic of
oormerk	n	het · mv. oormerken	earmark
lichtinval	n	de · mv. lichtinvallen	incidence of light
onbelangrijk	a		unimportant
ontwaren	v	ontwaarde – ontwaard	to discern, perceive
verhelderen	v	verhelderde – verhelderd	to clarify, elucidate, illuminate
onomwonden	a		frank, clear, plain, direct, unequivocal
onverhuld	a		unconcealed, unequivocal, blatant
onverbloemd	a		frank, clear, plain, direct, unequivocal
zaan	d		soon
zaan	n	de	cream
Zaan	m		a river in North Holland, Netherlands
redenaar	n	de · mv. redenaars	orator
Syrisch	a		Syrian (Of, from, or pertaining to Syria, the Syrian people or the Syriac…
Syrisch	m		the Syriac language (variant of Aramaic)
dansmarieke	n	de · mv. dansmarieken	majorette; girl who dances at a carnival celebration
drijfsijs	n	de · mv. drijfsijzen	duck
schnabbelen	v	schnabbelde – geschnabbeld	to do work as a gig or a side job
jatmoos	n	de/het · mv. jatmozen	the first cash a merchant receives on a day; thief
leperd	n	de · mv. leperds	sly fox, cunning person
schnabbel	n	de · mv. schnabbels	gig, side job, in particular a lucrative one
poltergeest	n	de · mv. poltergeesten	poltergeist
fijnzinnig	a		subtle, intellectually profound
falsetstem	n	de · mv. falsetstemmen	falsetto register; a voice in falsetto
kopstem	n	de · mv. kopstemmen	falsetto register, head voice; a voice in falsetto register
friteuse	n	de · mv. friteuses	deep fryer
bloedsprookje	n	het · mv. bloedsprookjes	blood libel
judaspenning	n	de · mv. judaspenningen	honesty (any plant of the genus Lunaria); synonym of tuinjudaspenning (“annual honesty (Lunaria annua)”)
colofon	n	de/het · mv. colofons	colophon
afwegen	v	woog af – afgewogen	to weigh, to determine the weight of; to consider, to weigh the importance of
penseel	n	het · mv. penselen	brush used in art
dierenriem	n	de · mv. dierenriemen	zodiac
wereldwonder	n	het · mv. wereldwonderen	wonder of the world
tekstkritiek	n	de · mv. tekstkritieken	textual criticism
tekstkritisch	a		text-critical
paalwerk	n	het · mv. paalwerken	fence (constructed from posts)
voorkomst	n	de · mv. voorkomsten	appearance, look
Waalse	n	de · mv. Waalsen	a woman from Wallonia
katenspek	n	de/het	Katenspeck, a hot-steamed type of bacon
schaamstreek	n	de · mv. schaamstreken	pubic region
schaamdeel	n	het · mv. schaamdelen	genital
dragonder	n	de · mv. dragonders	dragoon; unfeminine woman
schaamluis	n	de · mv. schaamluizen	crab louse, pubic louse
oertekst	n	de · mv. oerteksten	original version of a text; ancient text
consistorie	n	het · mv. consistories	meeting of the College of Cardinals; congregational council; consistory, room where such a church council usually gathers for meetings
prevelen	v	prevelde – gepreveld	to mumble
godsvrucht	n	de	piety
hugenoot	n	de · mv. hugenoten	Huguenot, French Reformed Protestant during the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries; specifically, one of the Huguenots who fled abroad after the revocation of…
touwwerk	n	het · mv. touwwerken	cordage, such as in a ship's rigging
afstamming	n	de	lineage, descent
smulpaap	n	de · mv. smulpapen	glutton, gourmand
britpop	n	de	Britpop (British genre of alternative rock)
schaamspleet	n	de · mv. schaamspleten	vulva
blitskikker	n	de · mv. blitskikkers	a (usually young) person who follows fashion very closely, fashionista
manuur	n	het · mv. manuren	man-hour
penopauze	n	de · mv. penopauzen	penopause, reduction of male sexual functioning in mid-life
menopauze	n	de · mv. menopauzen	menopause
kraslot	n	het · mv. krasloten	scratch card
langzwaard	n	het · mv. langzwaarden	longsword
slagzwaard	n	het · mv. slagzwaarden	longsword
cowboykapitalisme	n	het	cowboy capitalism, a form of capitalism that is considered to promote…
samenspannen	v	spande samen – samengespannen	to conspire [with tegen ‘against’]
pensioenbreuk	n	de · mv. pensioenbreuken	loss of pension value due to non-transferability of build-up between…
schaamrood	n	het	a blush caused by shame or embarrassment
toonbaar	a		sufficiently dressed, decent, presentable
styliet	n	de · mv. stylieten	stylite
rassenleer	n	de · mv. rassenleren	racial theory (pseudoscientific theory about the subdivision of humanity…
manisme	n	het	ancestor worship
samsam	d		fifty-fifty, equally, with equal shares or contributions
boomkikker	n	de · mv. boomkikkers	tree frog, any frog of the family Hylidae; European tree frog (Hyla arborea), as an individual or as a species
kneedbom	n	de · mv. kneedbommen	plastic bomb, plastic explosive
Osmaans	a		Ottoman
Attisch	m		Attic Greek
Attisch	a		Attic
klootdolk	n	de · mv. klootdolken	dagger with a phallic shape
navorser	n	de · mv. navorsers	researcher
zwelgpartij	n	de · mv. zwelgpartijen	bacchanal, festivity with high consumption of alcohol
taalfilosoof	n	de · mv. taalfilosofen	philosopher of language
bloterik	n	de · mv. bloteriken	someone who is (nearly) naked, often boldly or in an unconventional place;…; the nude, naked state
kromzwaard	n	het · mv. kromzwaarden	scimitar
veeartsenijkunde	n	de	veterinary medicine
veeartsenij	n	de	veterinary practice
dukdalf	n	de · mv. dukdalven	dolphin, post for mooring boats
zegerijk	a		victorious, triumphant
driepoot	n	de · mv. driepoten	tripod
braakloop	n	de	disease involving emesis as a symptom, used of cholera
sambabal	n	de · mv. sambaballen	maraca
theeleut	n	de · mv. theeleuten	someone who drinks a lot of tea
koopmanskapitalisme	n	het	merchant capitalism
sorrycultuur	n	de · mv. sorryculturen	a culture of apologising for errors without these errors resulting in any…
veelschrijverij	n	de · mv. veelschrijverijen	high productivity in writing at the expense of quality
casinokapitalisme	n	het	any form of capitalism that features or depends on a large speculative…
kippenkracht	n	de · mv. kippenkrachten	weakness, low strength; weakling
nuffig	a		arrogant, supercilious, snobbish; particularly in a way associated with…
grauwtje	n	het · mv. grauwtjes	donkey; grisaille
vaandelvlucht	n	de	desertion; defection (from an opinion or organisation)
kaboutermuts	n	de · mv. kaboutermutsen	hat of a kabouter, a (usually red) conical hat (resembling a Phrygian cap or…
breeuwen	v	breeuwde – gebreeuwd	to caulk, to fix a ship's seams with oakum; to sew the eyelids of a young falcon shut, in order to prevent it from seeing
thuishaven	n	de · mv. thuishavens	homeport
matineus	a		early rising, being an early bird
kolenkit	n	de · mv. kolenkitten	coal scuttle
cassettespeler	n	de · mv. cassettespelers	cassette player
kikkerbad	n	het · mv. kikkerbaden	shallow children's pool (at a swimming pool)
tekstcorpus	n	het · mv. tekstcorpora	text corpus
brillenkoker	n	de · mv. brillenkokers	spectacle case
snol	n	de · mv. snollen	slut, whore, promiscuous woman
connecten	v	connectte – geconnect	to connect
horrelvoet	n	de · mv. horrelvoeten	clubfoot
klompvoet	n	de · mv. klompvoeten	clubfoot
gemeenslachtig	a		of common gender, having no distinction between feminine and masculine
grauwen	v	grauwde – gegrauwd	to be or become grey; to dawn; to growl, to gruff
herdopen	v	herdoopte – herdoopt	to rebaptise; to rename
omdopen	v	doopte om – omgedoopt	to rename; to repurpose, to convert
festivalisering	n	de	the tendency of culture to be (increasingly) expressed through festivals;…
wonderwel	d		excellently, extremely well; remarkably well
samenspanning	n	de · mv. samenspanningen	conspiracy
bovenleiding	n	de · mv. bovenleidingen	overhead line
kippenborst	n	de · mv. kippenborsten	chicken breast; pigeon chest (protruding chest)
veelschrijver	n	de · mv. veelschrijvers	writer who authors many texts of low quality
echtmijding	n	de · mv. echtmijdingen	shunning of an unconverted or unconforming spouse
veeartsenijkundig	a		pertaining to veterinary medicine
twaalver	n	de · mv. twaalvers	Twelver
pletten	v	plette – geplet	to flatten; to crush, squash
pletteren	v	pletterde – gepletterd	to crush, squash
figureren	v	figureerde – gefigureerd	to be an extra, to play the role of an extra; to play a role, to figure
doodskamp	n	de · mv. doodskampen	struggle/battle of life and death; death camp, extermination camp
berliner	n	de · mv. berliners	newspaper on Berliner format
berlinerbol	n	de · mv. berlinerbollen	Berliner (pastry)
flottielje	n	de · mv. flottieljes	flotilla
bliksemoorlog	n	de · mv. bliksemoorlogen	blitzkrieg
begeesteren	v	begeesterde – begeesterd	to animate, to enthuse
bakerpraat	n	de	gossip and myths in relation to birth and childrearing; spurious talk, unfounded nonsense and gossip
bakerpraatje	n	het · mv. bakerpraatjes	an urban myth about childbirth and childrearing; any urban myth or unfounded, unreliable story
Oedipuscomplex	n	het · mv. Oedipuscomplexen	Oedipus complex
piëtisme	n	het · mv. piëtismen	pietism
zionisme	n	het · mv. zionismen	Zionism
bemiddeld	a		affluent, well-to-do
eenakter	n	de · mv. eenakters	one-act play
quatsch	n	de	nonsense
Haratin	n	de · mv. Haratin	Haratin
afkanselen	v	kanselde af – afgekanseld	to lecture, to berate, to sermonise
omhooggevallen	a		having attained a high position without the necessary skills, capacities or…
sessie	n	de · mv. sessies	session
pilaarheilige	n	de · mv. pilaarheiligen	stylite
zoof	n	de · mv. zoven	guilder
droomhuis	n	het · mv. droomhuizen	dream house (ideal house)
paap	n	de · mv. papen	Slur for a Roman Catholic cleric; papist (slur for any Roman Catholic)
domrechts	n	het	elements of the political right that are considered stupid by the user,…
domrechts	a		relating to elements of the political right disliked by the user
kunstpenis	n	de · mv. kunstpenissen	dildo
parterretrap	n	de · mv. parterretrappen	a stairway positioned on the ground floor
lekkerbek	n	de · mv. lekkerbekken	gourmand
lekkerbekje	n	het · mv. lekkerbekjes	deep-fried battered fish (generally of one piece)
roestplaats	n	de · mv. roestplaatsen	roost (resting place of birds)
Vaticaan	m		Vatican City (a city-state in Southern Europe, an enclave within the city of…
Vaticaans	a		Vatican
ophokplicht	n	de · mv. ophokplichten	requirement to keep any livestock or pets indoors, as a reverse quarantine…
ophokken	v	hokte op – opgehokt	to bring inside, to stable
surrogaatkoffie	n	de · mv. surrogaatkoffies	coffee substitute
surrogaat	n	het · mv. surrogaten	surrogate
zonecht	a		not liable to changing colour under the influence of sunlight; sunproof
ongesteld	a		menstruating; somewhat ill; unasked, unstated
schilderachtig	a		picturesque
zodiakaallicht	n	het	zodiacal light
drijfjacht	n	de · mv. drijfjachten	hunt that involves driving game onward
zeemonster	n	het · mv. zeemonsters	sea monster
kuifeend	n	de · mv. kuifeenden	tufted duck (Aythya fuligula)
plaatwerk	n	het · mv. plaatwerken	bodywork, exterior of a vehicle; engraving; campshedding
draaiboek	n	het · mv. draaiboeken	script, scenario
vruchtwater	n	het	amniotic fluid
zeeslang	n	de · mv. zeeslangen	a sea snake or sea krait, a marine snake of the subfamily Elapinae; a sea serpent, a giant sea monster resembling a snake; a very long chess game
Zestienhoven	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands; A nickname for Rotterdam Airport/Rotterdam The Hague Airport
oploskoffie	n	de · mv. oploskoffies	instant coffee, soluble coffee
segregatie	n	de · mv. segregaties	segregation
jodenchristendom	n	het · mv. jodenchristendommen	Jewish Christianity, the religion of Christian Jews who observe Halacha…
moorddroom	n	de · mv. moorddromen	a dream about murder, usually with the dreamer as the murderer
smiecht	n	de · mv. smiechten	a rat, sneak, bastard
danseres	n	de · mv. danseressen	female dancer
neoliberaal	a		neoliberal
neoliberaal	n	de · mv. neoliberalen	neoliberal
neoliberalisme	n	het · mv. neoliberalismen	neoliberalism
salonsocialisme	n	het · mv. salonsocialismes	champagne socialism
salonsocialistisch	a		champagne socialistic
hoornvliesontsteking	n	de · mv. hoornvliesontstekingen	keratitis
vanouds	d		traditionally; since long ago
liftboy	n	de · mv. liftboys	a liftboy
zwemvest	n	het · mv. zwemvesten	life vest
porte-brisée	n	de · mv. porte-brisées	double-leaf door
voorpret	n	de	joy or pleasure ahead and in anticipation of the actual fun event
wonderdokter	n	de · mv. wonderdokters	quack, alternative healer; shaman, witch doctor
rukwind	n	de · mv. rukwinden	gust, blast of wind
uilenbril	n	de · mv. uilenbrillen	Mr. Magoo glasses
doorsteken	v	doorstak – doorstoken	to stab through; to pierce; to pierce through
woekerplant	n	de · mv. woekerplanten	parasitic plant that overgrows its host
prutswerk	n	het · mv. prutswerken	the act or result of messing around; a bungle, a poor job, a messed-up result
unitarisch	a		Unitarian
unitariër	n	de · mv. unitariërs	Unitarian
rozenkransvormig	a		moniliform
tongenworst	n	de · mv. tongenworsten	blood tongue
sluipwesp	n	de · mv. sluipwespen	parasitoid wasp
wetsverkrachter	n	de · mv. wetsverkrachters	(flagrant) violator of the law
mandeeër	n	de · mv. mandeeën	Mandaean
sjikse	n	de · mv. sjikses	shiksa
eurocommunist	n	de · mv. eurocommunisten	Eurocommunist
Europarlementariër	n	de · mv. Europarlementariërs	member of the European Parliament
ballenknijper	n	de · mv. ballenknijpers	briefs (short underpants for males) or a very tight pair of swimming trunks,…; someone who squeezes the testicles of his opponent as a form of…
stroombed	n	het · mv. stroombedden	bed of a stream
rivierbed	n	het · mv. rivierbedden	riverbed (bed of a river)
eurocentrisme	n	het	eurocentrism (tendency to assume or prescribe a European perspective)
schijnsel	n	het · mv. schijnsels	radiance, glow
verkrachter	n	de · mv. verkrachters	rapist
slavenaard	n	de · mv. slavenaarden	a servile disposition/character
slavenziel	n	de · mv. slavenzielen	a servile disposition/character
basaal	a		basic, elementary
zitvlees	n	het	patience, dedication; flesh on one's buttocks
rampeneren	v	rampeneerde – gerampeneerd	to destroy, to demolish
eurotop	n	de · mv. eurotoppen	summit of the heads of government of the European Union or the Eurozone
tofelemoon	n	de · mv. tofelemonen	Roman Catholic
tofelemoon	a		Roman Catholic
sjabbat	n	de · mv. sjabbats	Sabbath
sjabbes	n	de · mv. sjabbessen	Sabbath
vrijgeleide	n	het · mv. vrijgeleiden	safe-conduct; free hand, free rein
snaaien	v	snaaide – gesnaaid	to snack; to snag, to knick
hindoe	n	de · mv. hindoes	Hindu
taalgids	n	de · mv. taalgidsen	a phrase book
skottelbraai	n	de · mv. skottelbraais	South African grill and wok
breekpunt	n	het · mv. breekpunten	breaking point; political red line, cause for ending coalition talks
amsterdammertje	n	het · mv. amsterdammertjes	a traffic bollard; rondo; a round pastry filled with almond paste
tweekleur	n	de · mv. tweekleuren	bicolour flag
tweekleurig	a		two-coloured, bicolour
roeimachine	n	de · mv. roeimachines	rowing machine (fitness device simulating rowing)
langharig	a		long-haired, having long headhair (humans or humanoids) or having long fur…
kortharig	a		shorthaired
wolharig	a		woolly, having woolly fur hairs; densely hairy
hormonenbom	n	de · mv. hormonenbommen	specifically, a pregnant woman; specifically, a pubescent boy trying to be macho
testosteronbom	n	de · mv. testosteronbommen	Pejorative term for young males, in particular when considered prone to…
diersoort	n	de · mv. diersoorten	animal species
prijken	v	prijkte – geprijkt	to be noticeable, to be easily seen, to be on display; to show off
vernachelen	v	vernachelde – vernacheld	to con, to scam, to deceive; to mess up, to waste, to destroy
wintervacht	n	de · mv. wintervachten	winter coat
winterkleed	n	het · mv. winterkleden	winter coat
inkomensgelijkheid	n	de	income equality
inkomensongelijkheid	n	de	income inequality
zeperd	n	de · mv. zeperds	let-down, disappointment
zuiplap	n	de · mv. zuiplappen	drunkard, drunk
zwartepieten	v	zwartepiette – gezwartepiet	to pass the buck, to assign blame to each other; to play a certain card game similar to old maid
onwennig	a		unaccustomed, not used to the situation; strange and uneasy, due to being unaccustomed
extensie	n	de · mv. extensies	extension (act of extending); extension (straightening of limbs; opposite of flexion)
Ilias	m		the Iliad; a male given name from Arabic إِلْيَاس (ʔilyās)
Aeneis	m		Aeneid (a classic epic poem, written in Latin by Virgil in the 1st century…
assegaai	n	de · mv. assegaaien	assegai (javelin, throwing spear)
buitenwipper	n	de · mv. buitenwippers	bouncer
vraagstuk	n	het · mv. vraagstukken	question, issue, problem
causatief	n	de/het · mv. causatieven	causative
causatief	a		causative
ergatief	n	de · mv. ergatieven	ergative
ergatief	a		ergative
stamkroeg	n	de · mv. stamkroegen	a local bar
kaasstolp	n	de · mv. kaasstolpen	glass bell jar for storing cheese, akin to a cheese dish; an institution or situation that is considered to be nasty or corrupt…
topsalaris	n	het · mv. topsalarissen	high wage, wage on the high end of a wage distribution
marktconform	a		in accordance with market conventions, using market practices as a yardstick
marktconform	d		in accordance with market conventions, using market practices as a yardstick
versassen	v	versaste – versast	to transit, to ship through
versluizen	v	versluisde – versluisd	to transit, to ship through
taptoe	n	de · mv. taptoes	tattoo, military-style music parade; sign given at the end of such a tattoo parade
grootvorstendom	n	het · mv. grootvorstendommen	grand principality
flemen	v	fleemde – gefleemd	to sweet-talk, wheedle, cajole; to flehm
achterafstraat	n	de · mv. achterafstraten	back street; shady (shifty) street
kaartenhuis	n	het · mv. kaartenhuizen	structure made up of playing cards; anything with a shaky foundation
spreekbuis	n	de · mv. spreekbuizen	interpreter, spokesperson
edoch	c		but; more formal version of doch
zelfgenoegzaamheid	n	de	self-satisfaction, smugness, complacency (quality of being overly pleased…
berijden	v	bereed – bereden	to ride (a horse or other animal); to drive/travel over (a road)
esterling	n	de · mv. esterlingen	a unit of mass equal to one twentieth of an ounce, approximately 1.5 grams
kribbe	n	de · mv. kribben	a manger, crib; a breakwater, usually in a river or other stream; a stall, a compartment in a stable
krib	n	de · mv. kribben	a dam or breakwater constructed perpendicular to the bank, strand and/or…; A quarrelsome person
kinderoppas	n	de · mv. kinderoppassen	babysitter; babysitting, childcare
voerbak	n	de · mv. voerbakken	any container for animal fodder or feed: food bowl, trough, manger, feeding bowl
Bijbels	a		Biblical
kribben	v	kribde – gekribd	to scratch; to quarrel
opschrift	n	het · mv. opschriften	superscription, caption
zwartepietenpak	n	het · mv. zwartepietenpakken	the clothes worn by someone dressing up like Zwarte Piet
grootgrutter	n	de · mv. grootgrutters	supermarket
grutter	n	de · mv. grutters	grocer
zwemmer	n	de · mv. zwemmers	swimmer
zwemster	n	de · mv. zwemsters	swimmer; swimming star (successful swimmer)
commentariaat	n	het · mv. commentariaten	commentariat, the pundit and commentator class
onorthodox	a		unorthodox, unconventional (outside of the box, thinking outside of the box)
journaille	n	het · mv. journailles	gutter-press journalists, yellow journalists (collectively)
dienstensector	n	de · mv. dienstensectoren	service sector (tertiary sector)
industriesector	n	de · mv. industriesectoren	industrial sector (secondary sector)
landbouwsector	n	de · mv. landbouwsectoren	agricultural sector
leidmotief	n	het · mv. leidmotieven	leitmotif
waanzin	n	de · mv. waanzinnen	delusion; insanity, lunacy
hernhutter	n	de · mv. hernhutters	Herrnhuter
ja-stemmer	n	de · mv. ja-stemmers	yea voter
nee-stemmer	n	de · mv. nee-stemmers	nay voter
ja-stem	n	de · mv. ja-stemmen	yea vote
nee-stem	n	de · mv. nee-stemmen	nay vote
pianostemmer	n	de · mv. pianostemmers	piano tuner
jaagschuit	n	de · mv. jaagschuiten	trekschuit
jaagpaard	n	het · mv. jaagpaarden	towing horse for a trekschuit
jaagpad	n	het · mv. jaagpaden	towpath
jaaglijn	n	de · mv. jaaglijnen	tow-line; a rope used to pull a trekschuit or other vessel
azuren	a		azure (having an azure colour)
ontluisteren	v	ontluisterde – ontluisterd	to tarnish, to remove lustre
violetblauw	a		Violet blue
violetbruin	a		Violet blue
nieuwsanker	n	het · mv. nieuwsankers	news anchor
steenberg	n	de · mv. steenbergen	spoil heap (mound made up of rubble from mining excavations)
pijlstaartrog	n	de · mv. pijlstaartroggen	a ray of the Dasyatidae, a family of stingrays; common stingray (Dasyatis pastinaca)
zitmeubel	n	het · mv. zitmeubels	piece of furniture used for sitting; seat
gasterij	n	de · mv. gasterijen	hotel and/or catering establishment (generic term that is used for hotels,…
zorgboerderij	n	de · mv. zorgboerderijen	care farm (farm that functions as a health care or integration facility)
creabea	n	de · mv. creabea's	someone, especially a woman, who is creative; particularly with respect to…; DIY creativity
creabea	a		creative; in particular, having a DIY vibe
weefgetouw	n	het · mv. weefgetouwen	loom (frame used for weaving, of very variable size)
elfje	n	het · mv. elfjes	elevenie, a type of eleven-word free-form cinquain
fatbike	n	de · mv. fatbikes	fat bike
staartbeen	n	het · mv. staartbenen	tailbone
stuitbeen	n	het · mv. stuitbenen	tailbone
stemhok	n	het · mv. stemhokken	voting booth
stamcel	n	de · mv. stamcellen	stem cell
kwakdenken	n	het	type of pseudomedicine that uncritically alleges psychosomatic causes and…
strijdbijl	n	de · mv. strijdbijlen	battle axe
astrofysica	n	de	astrophysics
astrofysicus	n	de · mv. astrofysici	astrophysicist
dieperik	n	de · mv. dieperiken	depth, any deep place, or in particular, drop
tweestrijd	n	de · mv. tweestrijden	any contest or struggle between two people or parties, such as a duel,…; an internal mental conflict; an acute dilemma
jottem	i		affirmative!; General expression of enthusiasm or happiness
peilstok	n	de · mv. peilstokken	gauge used for measuring the water level or the level of another fluid
bouwpaus	n	de · mv. bouwpausen	a pope known for being (having been) an avid builder, a builder pope; a construction magnate
grootkapitaal	n	het	finance, in particular large and wealthy financial businesses, sometimes…
seksmaniak	n	de · mv. seksmaniakken	sex maniac
befgajes	n	het	the legal profession, judges and lawyers
calamiteit	n	de · mv. calamiteiten	large disaster, calamity; sentinel event (an unintended or unexpected event, related to healthcare…
assimilatie	n	de · mv. assimilaties	assimilation, incorporation; assimilation (chemical reaction); assimilation of carbon dioxide, photosynthesis
koolstofassimilatie	n	de	assimilation of carbon dioxide (by plants and algae), photosynthesis
hersenpan	n	de · mv. hersenpannen	cranium
kustlinie	n	de · mv. kustlinies	coastline
stemcomputer	n	de · mv. stemcomputers	voting computer
luchtbuks	n	de · mv. luchtbuksen	air gun
incalculeren	v	calculeerde in – ingecalculeerd	to take into account, to include in a calculation
meecalculeren	v	calculeerde mee – meegecalculeerd	to take into account, to include in a calculation
calculeren	v	calculeerde – gecalculeerd	to calculate; to estimate, to reckon
houwdegen	n	de · mv. houwdegens	backsword (early modern sabre); swashbuckler, basher (eager but sometimes reckless fighter, violent person)
veehouderij	n	de · mv. veehouderijen	husbandry; farm where livestock are raised, cattle farm
epateren	v	epateerde – geëpateerd	to amaze, to astound, to baffle
stervelinge	n	de · mv. stervelinges	mortal
veehouder	n	de · mv. veehouders	someone who keeps livestock, a livestock farmer
rundveehouderij	n	de · mv. rundveehouderijen	cattle husbandry; cattle farm (farm where cows are raised)
melkveehouderij	n	de · mv. melkveehouderijen	dairy husbandry, milk husbandry; dairy farm, milk farm (farm where animals are raised for their milk)
kleinveehouderij	n	de · mv. kleinveehouderijen	husbandry of smaller livestock such as sheep and goats; farm where smaller livestock (like sheep, goats and sometimes pigs) are raised
scharrelvee	n	het	free-range livestock
dansvee	n	het	dancers
multicultureel	a		multicultural
multicultureel	d		multiculturally
monocultuur	n	de · mv. monoculturen	monoculture (single-crop cultivation); monoculture (rather homogeneous, undiverse culture)
acculturalisatie	n	de · mv. acculturalisaties	acculturalisation
deklast	n	de · mv. deklasten	cargo stored on a ship's deck
onbedaarlijk	a		irrepressible, uncontrollable
onbedaarlijk	d		irrepressibly, uncontrollably
breekal	n	de · mv. breekals	butterfingers, someone who is prone to breaking things
bezaan	n	de · mv. bezanen	mizzenmast (hindmost mast of a ship); mizzensail (hindmost sail of a ship)
waagschaal	n	de · mv. waagschalen	risk, risky situation or condition(s)
zodiakaal	a		zodiacal
lichtmis	n	de · mv. lichtmissen	rake; Candlemas
mengteelt	n	de · mv. mengteelten	polyculture
iezegrimmig	a		grumpy, moody
Cubaan	n	de · mv. Cubanen	Cuban (inhabitant or national of Cuba, or one of Cuban descent)
klavertjevier	n	het · mv. klavertjesvier	four-leaf clover
terstond	d		immediately, at once
waterwolf	n	de · mv. waterwolven	water (personification of water as the national enemy); any body of water that is a threat to nearby land
waterwolf	m		the Haarlemmermeer
landleeuw	n	de · mv. landleeuwen	land area of the Netherlands (personification of the Dutch land mass as in a…; terrestrial lion
dopingarts	n	de · mv. dopingartsen	doctor specialised in administering doping
snackmuur	n	de · mv. snackmuren	snack dispenser built into a wall
zienderogen	d		visibly fast; very fast, tremendously fast
levensschets	n	de · mv. levensschetsen	summary biographical notice (often as part of a obituary)
tamboer	n	de · mv. tamboers	marching drum; military-style drummer
domper	n	de · mv. dompers	conical candle extinguisher, snuffer; damper, disappointment
praatprogramma	n	het · mv. praatprogramma's	talk show
knotsgek	a		batshit, fucking crazy
liquiditeitsval	n	de · mv. liquiditeitsvallen	liquidity trap
scholing	n	de · mv. scholingen	education (imparting skills and/or knowledge)
erfbelasting	n	de · mv. erfbelastingen	inheritance tax
verpozen	v	verpoosde – verpoosd	to repose, relax
rucht	n		rumor, clamor; scum
melaats	a		leprous
papzak	n	de · mv. papzakken	fatso (slur for an obese person)
dikkerd	n	de · mv. dikkerds	fatty
opleuken	v	leukte op – opgeleukt	to embellish, to decorate, to make more stylish
popiejopie	a		trying excessively to come across as popular and ordinary; related to ordinary people; plebeian, familiar, colloquial, vulgar, popular
roofzuchtig	a		rapacious
roofzucht	n	de · mv. roofzuchten	rapaciousness, proclivity to stealing
volksuniversiteit	n	de · mv. volksuniversiteiten	institution offering stand-alone courses to a wide audience without…
karkas	n	het · mv. karkassen	a carcass, the bodily remains of an animal (sometimes including humans)
vlaggenmast	n	de · mv. vlaggenmasten	a long, upright flagpole
vlaggenstok	n	de · mv. vlaggenstokken	flagpole
wederuitvoer	n	de	reexport
cherubijn	n	de · mv. cherubijnen	six-winged humanoid angel; putto; cherub (affectionate term for a child)
bandietennest	n	het · mv. bandietennesten	bandits' nest
bandiet	n	de · mv. bandieten	bandit, brigand
spanjool	n	de · mv. spanjolen	Spaniard
zoekvak	n	het · mv. zoekvakken	search box, search field
zoekbalk	n	de · mv. zoekbalken	search bar
sneeuwkristal	n	het · mv. sneeuwkristallen	snow crystal
kustverdediging	n	de · mv. kustverdedigingen	coastal defence; coastal flood defence; work of coastal defence
wereldhandel	n	de	international trade, world trade, global trade
boekennaam	n	de · mv. boekennamen	a name, often a common name, whose use is limited to written language
goeddeels	d		for the most part, mainly
trekpaard	n	het · mv. trekpaarden	draft horse (US)/draught horse (UK)
woestijnbron	n	de · mv. woestijnbronnen	oasis
rovershol	n	het · mv. roversholen	den of thieves
korsaar	n	de · mv. korsaren	corsair
woestijnrat	n	de · mv. woestijnratten	gerbil, any member of the Gerbillinae; desert survivalist, somebody who's at home in the desert
ochtendgrijs	n	het	morning fog
prullarium	n	het · mv. prullaria	trinket, bauble, trifle
prullaria	n	de	trinkets, trifles
roofgierig	a		rapacious
penisbreuk	n	de · mv. penisbreuken	penile fracture
liesbreuk	n	de · mv. liesbreuken	inguinal hernia
Baas	m		a surname
hagenpreek	n	de · mv. hagenpreken	hedge sermon
reidans	n	de · mv. reidansen	circle dance
reidansen	v	danste – gedanst	to dance in a circle, to circle dance
tuinderij	n	de · mv. tuinderijen	horticulture; horticultural farm
tuinder	n	de · mv. tuinders	horticulturist (someone who professionally cultivates certain decorative or…
tuinen	v	tuinde – getuind	to practice agriculture or horticulture
dommerik	n	de · mv. dommeriken	dunce, dumbass
overpeinzen	v	overpeinsde – overpeinsd	to ponder, to contemplate
roofgier	n	de · mv. roofgieren	rapaciousness; vulture; rapacious person
rookgordijn	n	het · mv. rookgordijnen	smokescreen
smederij	n	de · mv. smederijen	smithy, smithery (location)
vilder	n	de · mv. vilders	skinner
coalitieakkoord	n	het · mv. coalitieakkoorden	coalition agreement
hypotheekrenteaftrek	n	de	mortgage interest deduction, deduction of taxable income based on mortgage…
vergroening	n	de · mv. vergroeningen	transition to a less environmentally harmful state or practice, greening
koningshuis	n	het · mv. koningshuizen	royal house (part of a royal family considered eligible for rule)
symboolpolitiek	n	de	political symbolism, symbolic politics
kordaatheid	n	de · mv. kordaatheden	firmness, resoluteness
electoraat	n	het · mv. electoraten	electorate (totality of voters or those with the right to vote in a polity); electorate (electoral base)
teba	n	de · mv. tebot	bima in a Sephardic synagogue
kunstgras	n	het	artificial turf
uitschot	n	het	dregs of society; scum
laberlottig	d		carelessly
laberlottig	a		not caring enough
straatschender	n	de · mv. straatschenders	hooligan, vandal
fotoalbum	n	het · mv. fotoalbums	a photo album
spekkoek	n	de · mv. spekkoeken	Indonesian layer cake, spekkoek
trompen	v		honk (of vehicle)
vuurtorenwachter	n	de · mv. vuurtorenwachters	lighthouse keeper
bergpad	n	het · mv. bergpaden	mountain path, mountainous road
kedive	n	de · mv. kedives	khedive (Egyptian ruler)
zanderig	a		sandy
routineus	a		routine, habitual (pertaining to or resulting from repetition)
verveloos	a		without paint (due to wear)
uithoek	n	de · mv. uithoeken	backwater (a remote, isolated place that is perceived as primitive,…
consumptiemaatschappij	n	de · mv. consumptiemaatschappijen	consumer society (society in which status and consumption are linked and…
consumptie	n	de · mv. consumpties	consumption, act of eating or drinking; portion of food or drink; consumption, act of consuming
havenmeester	n	de · mv. havenmeesters	harbourmaster
kettingganger	n	de · mv. kettinggangers	chainganger, somebody put to work in a chain gang (a common punishment in…
vuurbaak	n	de · mv. vuurbaken	beacon for signaling light to vessels, smaller than a lighthouse
vuurbaken	n	het · mv. vuurbakens	beacon for signaling light to vessels, smaller than a lighthouse
kippig	a		myopic, nearsighted (also figuratively, including as an insult)
stampij	n	de · mv. stampijen	uproar, dissension, discord, concern
vuursteenpistool	n	het · mv. vuursteenpistolen	flintlock pistol
vuursteenslot	n	het · mv. vuursteensloten	flintlock mechanism (firing mechanism)
vuursteengeweer	n	het · mv. vuursteengeweren	flintlock
fuselier	n	de · mv. fuseliers	fusilier; infantry soldier armed with a later type of rifle
drukkingsgroep	n	de · mv. drukkingsgroepen	pressure group
pressiegroep	n	de · mv. pressiegroepen	pressure group
liflaf	a		insipid, tasteless
liflaf	n	de · mv. liflaffen	insipid food; insipid text(s), bland writing
liflafje	n	het · mv. liflafjes	a small meal that fails to fill; a trifle
liflaffen	v	liflafte – geliflaft	to grovel, to fawn, to flatter; to caress, to fondle
buikdrager	n	de · mv. buikdragers	child carrier sling that holds the baby in front of the carrier
kiplekker	a		very healthy, very well, in excellent health
vlakspoeler	n	de · mv. vlakspoelers	toilet with a horizontal plateau
diepspoeler	n	de · mv. diepspoelers	plateau-less toilet
naargeestig	a		melancholy, despondent; depressing, sombre, gloomy
vierklapper	n	de · mv. vierklappers	a player's feat to score four goals in one match
bezegelen	v	bezegelde – bezegeld	to seal, to provide with a seal; to confirm, to conclude, to finalise
politiek-correcte	n	de · mv. politiek-correcten	person who is politically correct
samsonseks	n	de	parents' undisturbed sex (sexual activity) while their children are occupied…
cellofaan	n	het	cellophane
wederopbouwmissie	n	de · mv. wederopbouwmissies	reconstruction mission (military mission whose stated aim is to rebuild a…
vechtmissie	n	de · mv. vechtmissies	combat mission (military mission whose practical purpose or stated aim is to…
dekhengst	n	de · mv. dekhengsten	stallion, male stud horse (male horse kept for breeding); human stud, stallion, male sex machine; ironical term for a foreman of harbour labourers
bergpas	n	de · mv. bergpassen	mountain pass
wirwar	n	de · mv. wirwarren	tangle, confused mess, chaos
liflafferij	n	de · mv. liflafferijen	flattery, sweet-talking
filmzaal	n	de · mv. filmzalen	cinema, movie theater; viewing room of a cinema
wandeltocht	n	de · mv. wandeltochten	hike, longer walking trip
flikkerbeweging	n	de · mv. flikkerbewegingen	queer movement (movement for homosexual emancipation)
gelijkschakelen	v	schakelde gelijk – gelijkgeschakeld	to equate, to equalise
mispunt	n	het · mv. mispunten	jerk, prick, nasty
eerzuil	n	de · mv. eerzuilen	victory column or stele
geheid	a		certain, doubtless; immovable, strong
geheid	d		certainly, surely
stayeren	v		ride behind pacemaker; ride or run a long distance
gedachtelijn	n	de · mv. gedachtelijnen	line of thought, way of thinking
gedachtetrant	n	de	line of thought, thought process, way of thinking
wubbes	n	de	irritation
steenachtig	a		stony, stonelike
zandwoestijn	n	de · mv. zandwoestijnen	sand desert, sandy desert (desert (area) whose surface mostly consists of sand)
gedachtegang	n	de · mv. gedachtegangen	reasoning, way of thinking, line of reasoning
rotswoestijn	n	de · mv. rotswoestijnen	rock desert (desert (region) with a surface mostly consisting of rock)
woestijnzand	n	het · mv. woestijnzanden	desert sand
seriemoordenaar	n	de · mv. seriemoordenaars	serial killer
spookverhaal	n	het · mv. spookverhalen	ghost story
spookstad	n	de · mv. spooksteden	ghost town
spookhuis	n	het · mv. spookhuizen	haunted house (both for rides in fairgrounds or amusement parks and houses…
spookdorp	n	het · mv. spookdorpen	ghost village (desolate village)
spooktrein	n	de · mv. spooktreinen	ghost train
optuigen	v	tuigde op – opgetuigd	to rig, to set up; to tack (up); to dress, to get dressed
aftuigen	v	tuigde af – afgetuigd	to unrig, to unequip; to remove tack from, to unequip; to beat up, to attack, to abuse
zoutloos	a		saltless; insipid
hemelnimf	n	de · mv. hemelnimfen	houri
nimf	n	de · mv. nimfen	nymph, female lesser divinity of nature; a desirable young woman; nymph, juvenile form of a hemimetabolous insect
buitenwereld	n	de · mv. buitenwerelden	outside world
karrenspoor	n	het · mv. karrensporen	cart track (basic type of dirt road)
kerstengel	n	de · mv. kerstengelen	Christmas angel; figurine of an angel used as Christmas decoration (often…; any other angel in relation to Christmas
hoeri	n	de · mv. hoeri's	houri
wedstrijdvervalsing	n	de · mv. wedstrijdvervalsingen	match fixing
denkpiste	n	de · mv. denkpistes	hypothesis, hypothetical explanation; proposal, plan
roversbende	n	de · mv. roversbenden	gang/band of robbers
mezekouw	n	de · mv. mezekouwen	machicolation
schietgat	n	het · mv. schietgaten	loophole, embrasure
braakakker	n	de · mv. braakakkers	fallow field (piece of unused farmland)
snertnimf	n	de · mv. snertnimfen	a woman who begged for leftovers from ships
aanrandster	n	de · mv. aanrandsters	female assailant
kasticket	n	het · mv. kasticketten	a paper proof of payment printed by a till (cash register)
bloodaard	n	de · mv. bloodaards	coward; timid person
aardkloot	n	de · mv. aardkloten	Planet Earth; any (rocky) planet
zwangerschapsvergiftiging	n	de · mv. zwangerschapsvergiftigingen	preeclampsia
beschroomd	a		timid, shy
sportskiër	n	de · mv. sportskiërs	sport skier
skiester	n	de · mv. skiesters	female skier
gijlie	r		you (plural)
niercrisis	n	de · mv. niercrisissen	renal crisis
knoeften	v	knoeftte – geknoeft	to work laboriously or hard
hartligger	n	de · mv. hartliggers	favorite person
febbekak	n	de · mv. febbekakken	protege, teacher's pet
scheurpen	v		comment and complain continuously; nag
tergen	v	tergde – getergd	to anger, to aggravate; to irritate, to annoy; to rouse, to provoke
meelzak	n	de · mv. meelzakken	overripe, starchy apple
schrijfsel	n	het · mv. schrijfsels	written material (especially of poor quality)
ski-instructeur	n	de · mv. ski-instructeurs	ski instructor
ski-instructrice	n	de · mv. ski-instructrices	female ski instructor
EHBO'er	n	de · mv. EHBO'ers	someone to perform first aid
E-weg	n	de · mv. E-wegen	E-road (road in the European E-road network)
stammenbewustzijn	n	het	tribal consciousness, tribal awareness (salience of tribal identity)
maniok	n	de · mv. maniokken	manioc; cassava root, root of the manioc plant
zijarm	n	de · mv. zijarmen	tributary, (river) branch; any other branch or, for certain organisations, arm or schism; anything that…
tampeloeres	n	de · mv. tampeloeres	dong, shlong (penis)
huilie	i		boo-hoo, contemptuously mimicking crying or complaining
nachtpo	n	de · mv. nachtpo's	chamberpot for nocturnal use
nachtpot	n	de · mv. nachtpotten	chamberpot for nocturnal use
buitenpolitiek	a		extrapolitical
spraakleer	n	de · mv. spraakleren	grammar (structure of language rules); grammar (grammar book)
pissijn	n	het · mv. pissijnen	urinal
verknocht	a		emotionally attached, devoted, wedded
geldwezen	n	het · mv. geldwezens	finance
massahysterie	n	de · mv. massahysteries	mass hysteria
klysma	n	de · mv. klysma's	enema, clyster
darmspoeling	n	de · mv. darmspoelingen	enema, clyster
klisteer	n	de/het · mv. klisteren	enema, clyster
evenaarswoud	n	het · mv. evenaarswouden	equatorial forest, equatorial rainforest
tussenschot	n	het · mv. tussenschotten	partition, dividing wall; septum
sjap	n	de · mv. sjappen	jenever, gin, or a portion of gin; a nasty, anti-social (young) male, often considered uncivilized; chop, a stamp or seal used in East Asia
geldingsdrang	n	de	compulsive need to impose one's will and gain respect, ambition, self-assertion
tijdrekening	n	de · mv. tijdrekeningen	system of subdividing time and calculating dates; calendar, era
likkebaarden	v	likkebaardde – gelikkebaard	to salivate, to lick one's lips (to anticipate with pleasure)
spleettrommel	n	de · mv. spleettrommels	slit drum
lavementspuit	n	de · mv. lavementspuiten	enema syringe
klisteerspuit	n	de · mv. klisteerspuiten	enema syringe
slagroomspuit	n	de · mv. slagroomspuiten	cream spray (for whipped cream)
injectiespuit	n	de · mv. injectiespuiten	syringe (for medical or other intravenous use)
refter	n	de/het · mv. refters	mess hall, refectory
reventer	n	de/het · mv. reventers	mess hall in (former) monasteries
beklijven	v	beklijfde – beklijfd	to last, to remain, to endure; to remain attached, to adhere, to stick
stroombekken	n	het · mv. stroombekkens	catchment basin
rivierbekken	n	het · mv. rivierbekkens	catchment basin of a river
stoombad	n	het · mv. stoombaden	steam bath, sauna
gebedshuis	n	het · mv. gebedshuizen	house of worship (religious building)
godshuis	n	het · mv. godshuizen	a house of worship (building for religious services)
onderaanvoerder	n	de · mv. onderaanvoerders	subcommander
ridderlijk	a		knightly, chivalrous (pertaining to knights); chivalrous, gallant (according to gendered courteous conduct)
chappement	n	het · mv. chappementen	muffler (of an exhaust)
leedwezen	n	het	condolence, pity, sympathy; sadness, grief; regret, remorse
infaam	a		dishonourable, honourless; scandalous, odious, despicable
monotoon	a		monotonous
lorgnet	n	de/het · mv. lorgnetten	pince-nez, often with a handle; monocle, often with a handle; opera glass, lorgnette, often with a handle
oogglas	n	het · mv. oogglazen	monocle
lamzak	n	de · mv. lamzakken	sluggard, dull, lackluster person; fatty, porker
rocambolesk	a		incredible, unbelievable, fantastic
barkruk	n	de · mv. barkrukken	bar stool
meewaaien	v	waaide mee – meegewaaid	to take along; to be blown along (with the wind, someone's breath or another movement of air)
treinstation	n	het · mv. treinstations	railway station, train station
smalspoortrein	n	de · mv. smalspoortreinen	narrow gauge train
wildzang	n	de · mv. wildzangen	an inexperienced or rash (young) person; wild birdsong
geestesziek	a		mentally ill
geesteskrank	a		mentally ill
geslachtsverkeer	n	het	sexual intercourse, intercourse
scabreus	a		scabrous, sleazy, obscene, scandalous
ballentent	n	de · mv. ballententen	fairground stall with ball games; ostentatious, posh public venue; any ill regarded venue
luipaardman	n	de · mv. luipaardmannen	leopard man, member of the anticolonialist Central African cannibal society…
onverdroten	a		enthusiastic, eager, upbeat; assiduous, sedulous
dooddoener	n	de · mv. dooddoeners	debate stopper, an invalid argument, platitude or a cliché that counteracts…
muisarm	n	de · mv. muisarmen	repetitive strain injury, particularly from use of a computer mouse; an instance of RSI in the arm
knijpbril	n	de · mv. knijpbrillen	pince-nez
zandaal	n	de · mv. zandalen	great sand eel (Hyperoplus lanceolatus) (individual or species)
voetbalster	n	de · mv. voetbalsters	female footballer (soccer player); football star (star soccer player)
borstbol	n	de · mv. borstbollen	hard candy cough drop
mattenklopper	n	de · mv. mattenkloppers	carpet beater
krabbekoker	n	de · mv. krabbekokers	strange, awkward, incompetent person
pottenstamper	n	de · mv. pottenstampers	rough, unskilled soccer player
hotemetoot	n	de · mv. hotemetoten	bigwig, poobah
houtvester	n	de · mv. houtvesters	forester
kaartenbak	n	de · mv. kaartenbakken	filing cabinet
fichebak	n	de · mv. fichebakken	filing cabinet
steekkaart	n	de · mv. steekkaarten	file card
uitlichten	v	lichtte uit – uitgelicht	to lift; to select, to focus on; to read out
gegevensdrager	n	de · mv. gegevensdragers	medium for data storage
schaakmat	n	het	checkmate
opnaaien	v	naaide op – opgenaaid	rile up, provoke, excite; to connect pieces by sewing them together
halfgaar	a		not completely cooked, half-baked; medium rare; crazy, foolish, half-baked
halvegare	n	de · mv. halvegaren	idiot, fool, nutcase
naaststaand	a		adjacent
mecanicien	n	de · mv. mecaniciens	mechanic
ledebraken	v	ledebraakte – geledebraakt	to break on the wheel
naaststaande	n	de · mv. naaststaanden	relative, agnate
toneelkijker	n	de · mv. toneelkijkers	opera glass
veldkijker	n	de · mv. veldkijkers	field glass, pair of binoculars for outdoor use
halvanaise	n	de · mv. halvanaises	a sauce resembling mayonnaise but having a lower fat content
stuurkunde	n	de	cybernetics
klimaatkanarie	n	de · mv. klimaatkanaries	climate canary
enkelgeld	n	het	small change, coins
pottecaree	n	de	ornamental, stylish pot (for plants, flowers)
pottekestamp	n	de	bad soccer game
spelonk	n	de · mv. spelonken	grotto
kruipkot	n	het · mv. kruipkoten	bad, small, unsanitary housing
pareerstang	n	de · mv. pareerstangen	the guard of a sword; quillon
ambetant	a		annoying
bronchit	n	de	bronchitis
zeveraar	n	de · mv. zeveraars	someone who lies, nags or gives unwanted or unreliable comments
zeveren	v	zeverde – gezeverd	to drool; to talk through one's hat or to talk in a boring way
pantoffelheld	n	de · mv. pantoffelhelden	antihero, especially a henpecked one who merely talks the talk
heroïsch	a		heroic
zijlie	r		they
hersenkind	n	het · mv. hersenkinderen	brainchild, product of one's fantasy or creativity
apsjaar	n	de · mv. apsjaars	peculiar, incompetent, annoying person
waarloze	n	de · mv. waarlozen	worthless person, good-for-nothing
Klein-Azië	m		Asia Minor (Anatolian peninsula)
tegoedhoudertje	n	het · mv. tegoedhoudertjes	rain check
goedhoudertje	n	het · mv. goedhoudertjes	sop
sjappietouwer	n	de · mv. sjappietouwers	sailor; a dock worker; loafer
danshuis	n	het · mv. danshuizen	dancehall
danszaal	n	de · mv. danszalen	dancehall; dancing room
verzaker	n	de · mv. verzakers	one who neglects, shirks, avoids, etc. responsibilities; an ascetic, someone who has renounced worldly riches
wereldverzaker	n	de · mv. wereldverzakers	ascetic, someone who pursues an ascetic way of life
asceet	n	de · mv. asceten	ascetic, one who lives a life of self-denial
eeuweling	n	de · mv. eeuwelingen	centenarian (someone who is at least 100 years old)
renunciatie	n	de · mv. renunciaties	renunciation, the act of resigning, abandoning (property or rights); asceticism
schimp	n	de · mv. schimpen	ridicule, abuse; insult, slight
schimpscheut	n	de · mv. schimpscheuten	insult, jab, slur
alfsegat	d		careless; sloppy; so-so
Nintendo-duim	n	de · mv. Nintendo-duimen	Nintendo thumb, a gaming-related form of repetitive strain injury affecting…
spieken	v	spiekte – gespiekt	to cheat, to crib (at a test or game)
pluksel	n	het · mv. pluksels	lint, pluff; something that has been picked or plucked
bloedverwant	n	de · mv. bloedverwanten	a blood relative
omhoogvallen	v	viel omhoog – omhooggevallen	quickly advance in one's career, despite a lack of merit
kleingoed	n	het · mv. kleingoederen	small representatives of whatever sort, for example furniture, pottery, fish etc; children, kids
snossel	n	de	snacks, candy; left-overs, small parts or items
jengelen	v		to whimper; drone; whine
snosselen	v		snack; eat candy
treuzelen	v	treuzelde – getreuzeld	to dither, tarry, be slow
nepnieuws	n	het	fake news, especially misleading items posted and spread on social media to…
ontoerekeningsvatbaar	a		unaccountable, insane, non compos mentis
toerekeningsvatbaar	a		accountable, compos mentis
Dolberg	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Holst	m		a hamlet in Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
druktemaker	n	de · mv. druktemakers	a noisy fellow, a loudmouth; a person who causes upheaval
zenuwpees	n	de · mv. zenuwpezen	habitually nervous, fidgety person; neurotic
sloeber	n	de · mv. sloebers	pitiable person; kind-hearted, loyal person, often somewhat big and slow; naughty child
stakker	n	de · mv. stakkers	pitiable person, wretch
lastverkoper	n	de · mv. lastverkopers	troublemaker
vogelpik	n	de · mv. vogelpikken	darts; dart; dartboard
renkoekoek	n	de · mv. renkoekoeken	roadrunner, bird of the genus Geococcyx
pimpelen	v	pimpelde – gepimpeld	to drink (heavily); to blink
temeier	n	de · mv. temeiers	whore (prostitute)
pimpeltje	n	het · mv. pimpeltjes	small glass for drinking spirits, in particular gin
deerne	n	de · mv. deernen	girl; promiscuous woman
schoeisel	n	het · mv. schoeisels	shoewear, footwear; any particular item of footwear
hellewaarts	d		to hell, hellward
zinkgat	n	het · mv. zinkgaten	sinkhole
krijgsverrichting	n	de · mv. krijgsverrichtingen	war action, action taken during a war as part of the war effort
verrichting	n	de · mv. verrichtingen	action, deed, something that has been done; achievement, accomplishment
bergnimf	n	de · mv. bergnimfen	mountain nymph, oread
mazzelpik	n	de · mv. mazzelpikken	lucky dog
kroonluchter	n	de · mv. kroonluchters	chandelier
luchter	n	de · mv. luchters	chandelier
lichtkroon	n	de · mv. lichtkronen	chandelier, in particular one with more than two arms
vertoog	n	het · mv. vertogen	discourse (way of thinking involving certain concepts and terms); discourse (exposition of some length)
Blom	m		a surname
kadreren	v		put in a frame (as of picture etc.); get (a shot, the ball) between the goalposts and crossbar|
zwemvlies	n	het · mv. zwemvliezen	web, membrane of webbed feet in some animals; flipper, fin (swimming gear)
hersenvlies	n	het · mv. hersenvliezen	meninges
voorbips	n	de · mv. voorbipsen	vulva and/or vagina; front bottom
revolutiebouw	n	de	speculative construction of slum housing
speculatiebouw	n	de	speculative construction of slum housing
reddingsvest	n	het · mv. reddingsvesten	life vest
luchtbed	n	het · mv. luchtbedden	air mattress, air bed (mattress intended for sleeping or for floating in water)
hemelbed	n	het · mv. hemelbedden	canopy bed
dreumes	n	de · mv. dreumesen	young toddler, older baby; often defined as a child between one and two…; infantile or immature person
uithangen	v	hing uit – uitgehangen	to hang out; to hang around, to be (in a place); to act like, to behave like
proces-verbaal	n	het · mv. processen-verbaal	complaint, law enforcement account or report
vertroebelen	v	vertroebelde – vertroebeld	to become/make muddy, blurry, unclear
koeioneren	v	koeioneerde – gekoeioneerd	to belittle, to patronise
manbeer	n	de · mv. manberen	werebear
zenuwlijder	n	de · mv. zenuwlijders	neuropath; neurasthenic; psychoneurotic
weerbeer	n	de · mv. weerberen	werebear
woordenstrijd	n	de · mv. woordenstrijden	fight
pesthekel	n	de	an intense hatred or dislike
breekvasten	n	het · mv. breekvastens	breakfast
mistgordijn	n	het · mv. mistgordijnen	fog; smokescreen
extremisme	n	het	extremism
esdoorn	n	de · mv. esdoorns	A maple; a tree of the genus Acer; The wood of a maple tree
schollevaar	n	de · mv. schollevaars	synonym of aalscholver (“cormorant”)
scholver	n	de · mv. scholvers	synonym of aalscholver (“cormorant”)
onderzees	a		submarine, undersea
excuustruus	n	de · mv. excuustruzen	token woman, female diversity hire
aasgewicht	n	het · mv. aasgewichten	weight for weighing the degree to which coins deviated from a standardised mass
lijzig	a		slow, sluggish; dragging
meesttijds	d		most of the time, usually
stuurhut	n	de · mv. stuurhutten	wheelhouse, bridge; cabin; cockpit
sojascheut	n	de · mv. sojascheuten	mung bean sprout
brinkdorp	n	het · mv. brinkdorpen	a village with a village green as the central location for business and…
wasmiddel	n	het · mv. wasmiddelen	laundry detergent, washing agent
eerwraak	n	de · mv. eerwraken	honour-based violence, such as (attempted) honour killings (gendered…
eerzaak	n	de · mv. eerzaken	case or instance of honour-based violence, like honour killings
schuldcultuur	n	de · mv. schuldculturen	culture characterised by the dominance of wrongdoing, guilt and conscience…
schaamtecultuur	n	de · mv. schaamteculturen	culture characterised by the dominance of honour and shame in value judgements
oorkussen	n	het · mv. oorkussens	pillow; earpad, pad used in headphones
hoofdkussen	n	het · mv. hoofdkussens	pillow
breiwerk	n	het · mv. breiwerken	knitting (material that has been or is being knitted)
hangsnor	n	de · mv. hangsnorren	a droopy moustache that somewhat exceeds the width of the lips
zeiksnor	n	de · mv. zeiksnorren	a droopy moustache that somewhat exceeds the width of the lips; someone who moans, a whinger
stadsverwarming	n	de · mv. stadsverwarmingen	district heating
warmtewisselaar	n	de · mv. warmtewisselaars	heat exchanger
wisselaar	n	de · mv. wisselaars	money changer; anything that shuffles, changes or exchanges something
geldwisselaar	n	de · mv. geldwisselaars	money changer
cd-wisselaar	n	de · mv. cd-wisselaars	CD changer
verlummelen	v	verlummelde – verlummeld	to waste, to while away
bekkesnijder	n	de · mv. bekkesnijders	vandal, cutthroat, ruffian; someone who played a rural game that involved cutting cheeks with knives or…
alwetend	a		omniscient, all-knowing
Nederturk	n	de · mv. Nederturken	Dutch Turk
graftak	n	de · mv. graftakken	bouquet, flower or plant on a grave; nasty or ugly person (in particular an older one); dull, boring person
voorliefde	n	de · mv. voorliefden	preference, in particular a relatively intense or strong one; predilection
oversekst	a		hypersexual, having a mind in the gutter (considered excessively preoccupied…
roeptoeter	n	de · mv. roeptoeters	loudhailer, blowhorn, megaphone; mouthpiece, something that relays discourse, especially opinion; loudmouth, blowhard (usually connoting that one proclaims simplistic opinions)
roeptoeteren	v	roeptoeterde – geroeptoeterd	to proclaim loudly (simplistic opinions)
Jehovagetuige	n	de · mv. Jehovagetuigen	synonym of Jehova's Getuige
buitenissig	a		extravagant, weird, eccentric; tawdry, obtrusive, cloying
ontdubbelen	v	ontdubbelde – ontdubbeld	to degeminate; to undo duplication, to remove duplications
beun	n	de · mv. beunen	raised platform, often made out of wood
vakidioot	n	de · mv. vakidioten	a fachidiot; a (very) capable professional with little societal awareness or…
kunstmoeder	n	de · mv. kunstmoeders	an artificial mother for infant animals, in particular livestock, to allow…
hellekind	n	het · mv. hellekinderen	hellspawn, son of Darkness; nasty child, crotch critter, dipshit
dooddoenerig	a		having the capability or effect to kill discussion, while also clichéd
onmachtig	a		powerless, lacking (sufficient) power; incapable, lacking capability, knowledge or command; unconscious
mollig	a		chubby, plump
bauxiet	n	het · mv. bauxieten	bauxite
staanderkerk	n	de · mv. staanderkerken	stave church
staander	n	de · mv. staanders	support beam; standard, stand (vertical support of any kind)
zeewolf	n	de · mv. zeewolven	Atlantic wolffish (Anarhichas lupus); wolffish, any member of the Anarhichadidae
randidioot	n	de · mv. randidioten	wingnut, idiot with extreme views
smoezelig	a		untidy, grimy, unkempt
pissebed	n	de · mv. pissebedden	isopod, pill bug, woodlouse: any member of the Isopoda; someone who urinates in bed; a bedwetter
clownvis	n	de · mv. clownvissen	A clownfish; any of various fish of the subfamily Amphiprioninae; common clownfish (Amphiprion ocellaris)
anemoonvis	n	de · mv. anemoonvissen	anemonefish, clownfish
anemoon	n	de · mv. anemonen	anemone, plant or flower of the genus Anemone
glansrijk	a		fantastic, brilliant, with flying colours; shining, resplendent
houtbeschot	n	het	wood paneling
oogopslag	n	de · mv. oogopslagen	a glance
misjpoge	n	de · mv. misjpoges	family
onmacht	n	de · mv. onmachten	powerlessness, the state of lacking power; unconsciousness, the state of lacking consciousness, awareness, etc. or an…
hondenlul	n	de · mv. hondenlullen	dick, asshole, prick (usually used for males); canine dick, dog penis
lullo	n	de · mv. lullo's	a dick, a dickhead, an arse (generic insult used for males); a posh frat boy studying in Leiden
gratenkut	n	de · mv. gratenkutten	slim, scrawny woman; slut (insult used of women, with sexual connotations)
afdoen	v	deed af – afgedaan	to remove, to take off; to complete, to fulfill, to finish; to determine, to decide
politiekeling	n	de · mv. politiekelingen	political animal, political junkie (someone enthusiastically interested in…
aanbehoren	v	behoorde aan – aanbehoord	synonym of toebehoren
ademborstig	a		dyspneic
engborstig	a		dyspneic
voorgebergte	n	het · mv. voorgebergten	cape, promontory (in particular a mountainous one); region of foothills or lower mountains near a mountain range
laaggebergte	n	het · mv. laaggebergten	mountain range consisting of relatively low mountains or foothills
kustgebergte	n	het · mv. kustgebergten	coastal mountain range
hooggebergte	n	het · mv. hooggebergten	mountain range consisting of relatively uneroded high mountains, like alps
woestijngebergte	n	het · mv. woestijngebergten	desert mountain range; mountain range with little precipitation
ijsgebergte	n	het · mv. ijsgebergten	icy mountain range, mountain range consisting of icy mountains, ice…
wolfsspin	n	de · mv. wolfsspinnen	wolf spider (spider of the family Lycosidae)
ambrozijn	n	het	ambrosia (divine sustenance); outstanding food, delicacy; beebread, bee pollen
godenbrood	n	het	ambrosia
ambachtsheer	n	de · mv. ambachtsheren	office or a feudal lord with legal power over a district called ambacht
admiraalschap	n	het · mv. admiraalschappen	admiralship, admiralty
ambachtsvrouwe	n	de · mv. ambachtsvrouwen	lady who had feudal legal authority over a district called an ambacht
ambachtsvrouw	n	de · mv. ambachtsvrouwen	tradeswoman, craftswoman (woman who is engaged in a (manual) trade)
bodemschat	n	de · mv. bodemschatten	mineral resource
aandeelhebber	n	de · mv. aandeelhebbers	shareholder
aanglijden	v	gleed aan – aangegleden	to slide near, to approach or arrive while sliding or slipping
deponeren	v	deponeerde – gedeponeerd	to deposit, lay down, to put
voltooibaar	a		completable
onvoltooibaar	a		incompletable
Graaf	m		a hamlet in Lopik, Utrecht, Netherlands
accapareren	v		to appropriate, to seize
verschot	n	het	acute, sudden lumbago, usually caused by lifting a heavy weight or straining…
bleuke	n	het · mv. bleukes	novice
overdood	d		near-dead, as if dead
doelmond	n	de · mv. doelmonden	goalmouth
deklat	n	de · mv. deklatten	a cover strip (top strip used to cover something)
afheinen	v	heinde af – afgeheind	to fence off (to make something out of bounds by means of barriers); to separate
beheinen	v	beheinde – beheind	to enclose
omheinen	v	omheinde – omheind	to enclose
heinen	v	heinde – geheind	to fence (off), to enclose
begelukzaligen	v	begelukzaligde – begelukzaligd	to bless, to bestow blessings; to make happy, to beatify
gelukzalig	a		overjoyed, blissful
vliegenvorst	m		Beelzebub (literally, “lord of (the) flies”)
opperduivel	n	de · mv. opperduivels	devil (demon in charge)
zeeduivel	n	de · mv. zeeduivels	anglerfish (Lophius piscatorius)
Tasmaans	a		Tasmanian
bedelmonnik	n	de · mv. bedelmonniken	mendicant, mendicant monk
bedelnon	n	de · mv. bedelnonnen	mendicant, mendicant nun
vluchtauto	n	de · mv. vluchtauto's	a getaway car, getaway vehicle
kakkie	n	de · mv. kakkies	foot
kenau	n	de · mv. kenaus	domineering woman, shrew
pielemuis	n	de · mv. pielemuizen	synonym of piemel
vuurvogel	n	de · mv. vuurvogels	a fire bird, e.g. a phoenix, Bennu or other mythological bird associated…
scharesliep	n	de · mv. scharesliepen	tradesperson who sharpens knives, axes and other tools; underdressed, peculiar person
nederpop	n	de	pop music from the Netherlands; pop music sung in Dutch (or other languages natively spoken in the Netherlands)
aangluren	v	gluurde aan – aangegluurd	to (furtively) leer at, to peek at, to peep at
begrazen	v	begraasde – begraasd	to graze on
bergstof	n	de · mv. bergstoffen	mineral, mineral resource
smeltkunst	n	de	metallurgy (often called “alchemy” in references)
bedleger	n	het · mv. bedlegers	sickbed, bedrest; sick person, person in bedrest; bed
milieupartij	n	de · mv. milieupartijen	environmentalist party, green party
bedied	n	het	meaning; explanation, exposition
bedammen	v	bedamde – bedamd	to dam, to confine or protect with dams (in relation to bodies of water and…
bedijken	v	bedijkte – bedijkt	to dyke, to confine or protect with dykes (in relation to bodies of water…
rijstwijn	n	de · mv. rijstwijnen	rice wine
bakfiets	n	de · mv. bakfietsen	a cargo bicycle, a freight bicycle
bestiaal	a		bestial, beastly
bestiaal	n	het · mv. bestialen	sale of livestock; tax on the sale of livestock; livestock, cattle
afheining	n	de · mv. afheiningen	the activity of closing off; fence, barrier
afdorren	v	dorde af – afgedord	to wither and fall off
verdorren	v	verdorde – verdord	to wither
verdrogen	v	verdroogde – verdroogd	to wither, to dry out
afdrijven	v	dreef af – afgedreven	to float away, to float off; to get lost in thought; to expel, force out
schilderstuk	n	het · mv. schilderstukken	painting
schilderwerk	n	het · mv. schilderwerken	a painting; a paint job (that what has to be or has been painted)
achterdocht	n	de	suspicion, mistrust (being suspicious)
russenpol	n	de · mv. russenpollen	turf of rush
bedehuis	n	het · mv. bedehuizen	house of worship
minderbroeder	n	de · mv. minderbroeders	friar minor, Franciscan
taudeeltje	n	het · mv. taudeeltjes	tauon
handjeklap	n	de	gesture in which two people slap their hands; children's game in which players clap each other's hands; system of political negotiation according to which compromise is sought by…
prieel	n	het · mv. priëlen	open, roofed gazebo; pleasant region
prieelvogel	n	de · mv. prieelvogels	bower bird, any bird of the family Ptilonorhynchidae
vethart	n	het · mv. vetharten	cor adiposum, a heart disease due to accumulation of fat in or near the heart
ziekteverwensing	n	de · mv. ziekteverwensingen	any imprecation or curse invoking disease
verwensing	n	de · mv. verwensingen	imprecation, curse, swearword
gezwind	a		rapid, brisk
decolleté	n	het · mv. decolletés	décolleté, cleavage, a low neckline
bouwvakkersdecolleté	n	het · mv. bouwvakkersdecolletés	a plumber's crack, a builder's bum: cleavage visible between the buttocks,…
ruiven	v	ruifde – geruifd	to molt (of feathers and fur)
brabbelen	v	brabbelde – gebrabbeld	to babble unclearly, talk nonsense
vuilzak	n	de · mv. vuilzakken	refuse bag; unhygienic person
meutte	n	de · mv. meuttes	young cow; awkward, stupid person
beukelaar	n	de · mv. beukelaars	a small round shield used for parrying; a buckler
dieplader	n	de · mv. diepladers	lowboy semi-trailer, low loader
ervaringsdeskundige	n	de · mv. ervaringsdeskundigen	one who is experienced or familiar with something through personal experience
armoedegrens	n	de · mv. armoedegrenzen	poverty line
mantelzorg	n	de	provision of care to disabled, old or ill people by non-professionals in…
mantelzorger	n	de · mv. mantelzorgers	an informal caregiver; a non-professional who provides non-specialist care…
valling	n	de · mv. vallingen	unripe fruit that fell to the ground; inclination (of a slope et cetera)
snutten	v	snutte – gesnut	to blow (one's nose)
snottebel	n	de · mv. snottebellen	snot, especially that is visible on someone's nose
pisbloem	n	de · mv. pisbloemen	synonym of paardenbloem (“dandelion”)
Stroet	m		a village in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
schaambos	n	de · mv. schaambossen	bush, pubic hair, netherhair
annaal	n	de · mv. annalen	annals, chronicle
kroniek	n	de · mv. kronieken	chronicle, annals
aanslingeren	v	slingerde aan – aangeslingerd	to crank up, to wind up; to begin, to raise; to zigzag near, to approach while following a meandering trajectory
aansmelten	v	smolt aan – aangesmolten	to melt together, to fuse together
Batavier	n	de · mv. Batavieren	Batavian (member of the tribe of the Batavi)
Bataaf	n	de · mv. Bataven	Batavian (member of the tribe of the Batavi)
Bataafs	a		Batavian (relating to the tribe of the Batavi)
bedenkbaar	a		thinkable, imaginable
luchtschommel	n	de · mv. luchtschommels	swingboat (small or modestly sized fairground ride with swings suitable for…
schommelschip	n	de · mv. schommelschepen	pirate ship (larger fairground ride, single swing that can accommodate…
anekdotiek	n	de	anecdotics
dieventaal	n	de · mv. dieventalen	thieves' cant
borstvalling	n	de · mv. borstvallingen	bronchitis
lichaamsvocht	n	het	body fluid
gerieflijk	a		very comfortable
kopvalling	n	de · mv. kopvallingen	sinusitis
snotvalling	n	de · mv. snotvallingen	cold with prominent runny nose
overrompeling	n	de · mv. overrompelingen	the act of catching off guard with/through sheer force or numbers; an…
overrompelen	v	overrompelde – overrompeld	to overwhelm
solderen	v	soldeerde – gesoldeerd	to solder; to reduce in price
opscharen	v	schaarde op – opgeschaard	get
dikkenek	n	de · mv. dikkenekken	arrogant, haughty, supercilious person, a braggard
Suske	m		a given name
suske	n	het · mv. suskes	darling
Wiske	m		a given name
mannekesblad	n	het · mv. mannekesbladen	early comic; overly busy, chaotic piece of writing or print; by extension, any overly…
verspreidingsgebied	n	het · mv. verspreidingsgebieden	range (of repartition of a certain phenomenon)
Sjos	m		a given name
onthaalmoeder	n	de · mv. onthaalmoeders	a woman who minds others' children in her own home; a kind of female childminder
ontluizen	v	ontluisde – ontluisd	to delouse
opalen	a		of or pertaining to opal
kwistenbiebel	n		bumbling idiot
dodentol	n	de · mv. dodentollen	death toll
gunsteling	n	de · mv. gunstelingen	beneficiary (someone who receives a favour or benefits)
aanbellen	v	belde aan – aangebeld	to ring the doorbell
aanschellen	v	schelde aan – aangescheld	to ring the doorbell
addergebroed	n	het	scum (brood of vipers)
actiehandelaar	n	de · mv. actiehandelaars	stockbroker
bakbeest	n	het · mv. bakbeesten	whopper, hulk (any particularly large object, person or animal)
belachen	v	belachte – belachen	to laugh at, to belaugh (typically mocking)
afwinden	v	wond af – afgewonden	to unwind, to wind off (to remove coils); to crank down (to move something downward by means of a windlass)
alvleesklier	n	de · mv. alvleesklieren	pancreas
alvlees	n	het · mv. alvlezen	pancreas
ontleedkunde	n	de	anatomy (study of organic structure)
artsenij	n	de · mv. artsenijen	medicine, medical practice or study; medicine, medical drug
artsenijkunde	n	de	medicine (scientific discipline)
plofkraak	n	de · mv. plofkraken	a (bank or ATM) raid involving explosives
plofkraken	v		to raid by means of explosives
chloorkip	n	de · mv. chloorkippen	chicken carcass that has been disinfected with a chlorine solution; chicken meat that has been disinfected with a chlorine solution
soorteigen	a		specific to or typical for a given species; natural
debiel	a		stupid, idiotic
debiel	n	de · mv. debielen	idiot, imbecile
lappendeken	n	de · mv. lappendekens	a blanket made of many different pieces of cloth joined together; a quilt or…; a whole consisting of many quite different parts (loosely) joined together;…
bivakkeren	v	bivakkeerde – gebivakkeerd	to bivouac
woorddeel	n	het · mv. woorddelen	morpheme
morfeem	n	het · mv. morfemen	a morpheme
foneem	n	het · mv. fonemen	a phoneme
grafeem	n	het · mv. grafemen	a grapheme
lexeem	n	het · mv. lexemen	a lexeme
versnippering	n	de · mv. versnipperingen	shredding, turning into many very small pieces; fragmentation; habitat fragmentation
beijveren	v	beijverde – beijverd	to endeavor, to devote oneself to something or put great effort into…
heroprichten	v		to reestablish
alras	d		quickly, soon
seffes	d		later on
kamerlid	n	het · mv. kamerleden	a member of the Dutch Senate (Eerste Kamer) or House of Representatives…
middelgroot	a		medium-sized
prinsbisdom	n	het · mv. prinsbisdommen	prince-bishopric; the bishopric of a prince bishop
prins-bisschop	n	de · mv. prins-bisschoppen	prince-bishop
vorst-bisschop	n	de · mv. vorst-bisschoppen	prince-bishop
vorstbisdom	n	het · mv. vorstbisdommen	prince-bishopric; the bishopric of a prince bishop
koejon	n		bully
hartsvriendin	n	de · mv. hartsvriendinnen	intimate female friend
bolleke	n	het · mv. bollekes	a kind of rounded glass in which regular De Koninck beer is served; a bolleke full of De Koninck
rittenwedstrijd	n	de · mv. rittenwedstrijden	stage race
grondstof	n	de · mv. grondstoffen	raw material, natural resource
voorttrekken	v	trok voort – voortgetrokken	to drag, tote, tow forward/onward
fluteglas	n	het · mv. fluteglazen	champagne flute
onderverdeling	n	de · mv. onderverdelingen	subdivision
tolheffing	n	de · mv. tolheffingen	levying of tolls, collecting of tolls; toll charge
watervlakte	n	de · mv. watervlakten	expanse of water
schutterij	n	de · mv. schutterijen	city guard
kerkkoor	n	het · mv. kerkkoren	church choir (choir of singers affiliated to a church); choir of a church
bronnentaal	n	de · mv. bronnentalen	language that written documents are in, as opposed to the spoken language
inergatief	a		unergative
mijnstreek	n	de · mv. mijnstreken	region where mining takes place
nieuwgepensioneerde	n	de · mv. nieuwgepensioneerden	newly-retired person
onderhorige	n	de · mv. onderhorigen	subordinate; slave
opdeling	n	de · mv. opdelingen	subdivision; partition; distribution
rendabel	a		profitable
staatsmijn	n	de · mv. staatsmijnen	state mine, mine operated by the state
mouillering	n	de	lenition; palatalisation
Limburgen	n		Limburgs, the Dutch and Belgian provinces of Limburg together
sleeptoon	n	de · mv. sleeptonen	long level tone
stoottoon	n	de · mv. stoottonen	falling tone
leemsoort	n	de · mv. leemsoorten	type of loam
bewindvoerder	n	de · mv. bewindvoerders	trustee, financial administrator
doddelen	v	doddelde – gedoddeld	to stutter, to stammer
azijnpisser	n	de · mv. azijnpissers	curmudgeon, sourpuss
bergklassement	n	het · mv. bergklassementen	mountains classification
mobiliteit	n	de	mobility
aanhouder	n	de · mv. aanhouders	persister, one who perseveres; (extramarital) lover
voortslepen	v	sleepte voort – voortgesleept	to tow or drag forth; to drag on, to keep on reoccurring
kabas	n		bag
palts	n	de · mv. paltsen	a type of palace, a temporary imperial or royal residence for a sovereign…; a county that surrounds and belongs to such a residence
remork	n		trailer towed behind a car to carry equipment or bulk goods
bierglas	n	het · mv. bierglazen	beer glass
koeienhandel	n	de	cow trade (trade in cows)
randdebiel	n	de · mv. randdebielen	idiot, moron, imbecile
koehandel	n	de · mv. koehandels	any opaque form of negotiation or trade; any disliked political compromise or the act of negotiating those
beduimelen	v	beduimelde – beduimeld	to stain or soil by (excessive) touching with thumbs or fingers
bedkamer	n	de · mv. bedkamers	bedroom
waterkieken	n		soaked person; person who likes to swim or play in the water
pledderen	v		walk through muddy terrain
stuurhuis	n	het · mv. stuurhuizen	wheelhouse, bridge; part of a steering system that transfers motion from the steering wheel to…
bakhuis	n	het · mv. bakhuizen	bakery; separate building with an oven for baking bread and such, belonging to a…
duimmuis	n	de · mv. duimmuizen	ball of the thumb; thenar eminence
afhaalrestaurant	n	het · mv. afhaalrestaurants	takeaway (restaurant)
meeneemrestaurant	n	het · mv. meeneemrestaurants	takeaway (restaurant)
afdijken	v	dijkte af – afgedijkt	to dyke off (to enclose or divert a stream by building a dyke)
bedillen	v	bedilde – bedild	to patronise, to treat as less than adult
betuttelen	v	betuttelde – betutteld	to condescend, to patronise, to treat as less than adult
bedilal	n	de · mv. bedilals	someone who condescends excessively and pettily
albedil	n	de · mv. albedils	someone who condescends excessively and pettily
opsmuk	n	de	decoration, ornament (often used to state that something is useless)
loeris	n	de · mv. loerissen	fool, dumbass, tool, ne'er-do-well
koetsiersglas	n	het · mv. koetsiersglazen	beer glass resembling a volumetric flask with a round bottom and a separate…
koetsier	n	de · mv. koetsiers	coach driver, coacher (someone who drives a coach)
afgodisch	a		idolatrous
Sjakie	m		a male given name
Rhijnvis	m		a male given name (mostly used in the Feith family)
aanbrullen	v	brulde aan – aangebruld	to shout at; to arrive or approach while shouting or otherwise making loud noises (e.g.…
driesteling	n	de · mv. driestelingen	hothead (impulsive person)
trijpen	a		consisting of Utrecht velvet
sprookspreker	n	de · mv. sprooksprekers	minstrel, itinerant medieval storyteller who recited tales and poetry
hooibroei	n	de	hay fire due to self-combustion
zinnespel	n	het · mv. zinnespelen	allegorical drama (genre); allegorical play, morality play (theatre play)
opsmijten	v		rile up
aftroggelen	v	troggelde af – afgetroggeld	to unfairly obtain through smooth talking, insisting, pleading etc.; to cadge
stresskonijn	n	het · mv. stresskonijnen	someone who is often anxious or prone to stress, a neurotic person
aftotteren	v	totterde af – afgetotterd	to fall off
blekke	n	de	ten of diamonds
uitgummen	v	gumde uit – uitgegumd	to erase, to remove text with an eraser
metteko	n		stupid, awkward person (or, by extension, thing); shoulder; back
bezwaarschrift	n	het · mv. bezwaarschriften	remonstrance, written notice of objection; statement or written notice of appeal
overlaatst	d		recently
bleitsmoel	n	de · mv. bleitsmoelen	crybaby
trezebees	n		not very independent, bit slow, clingy woman
zever	n	de · mv. zevers	hogwash, tosh
linze	n	de · mv. linzen	lentil, the plant Lens culinaris (legume); lentil, the seed of Lens culinaris (pulse)
pijltjesmethode	n	de · mv. pijltjesmethodes	(little) arrows method; method in perceptual dialectology according to which…
mijnwet	n	de · mv. mijnwetten	mining law (law regulating the practice of mining)
strijdperk	n	het · mv. strijdperken	battlefield (arena or theatre of fighting); subject or scope of contention (that which is subject to controversy)
perkenwet	n	de	area law, Kepler's second law
perken	v	perkte – geperkt	to enclose, to keep in check with fencing; to close off with barriers
insnijden	v	sneed in – ingesneden	to cut into, carve into, incise
geboorterecht	n	het · mv. geboorterechten	birthright (inherited right)
eerstgeboorterecht	n	het · mv. eerstgeboorterechten	right of the firstborn, primogeniture (birthright of the eldest acknowledged…
breinbaas	n	de · mv. breinbazen	cunning mastermind, sly weasel, brainy person
chemieconcern	n	het · mv. chemieconcerns	chemical company, chemical concern
herfsttij	n	het · mv. herfsttijen	autumn, fall; period of decline, final period of a lifetime
achterhoede	n	de · mv. achterhoeden	rearguard, rear; rear, trailers, people who are slow to adapt
achterhoedegevecht	n	het · mv. achterhoedegevechten	rearguard battle, rearguard fight (battle involving the rearguard of a…; rearguard battle, rearguard struggle (controversy involving people resistant…
denkraam	n	het · mv. denkramen	mental framework, frame of reference
aanbegin	n	het	beginning
drukpers	n	de · mv. drukpersen	printing press (device for printing)
stijgbeugel	n	de · mv. stijgbeugels	stirrup
scheetje	n	het · mv. scheetjes	someone or something cute
kaskraker	n	de · mv. kaskrakers	blockbuster
hypergetto	n	het · mv. hypergetto's	hyperghetto
brievenbusfirma	n	de · mv. brievenbusfirma's	shell company
kadee	n		offspring
kadee	a		great, awesome
objectiviteit	n	de	objectivity
subjectiviteit	n	de	subjectivity
publiciteit	n	de	publicity
abnormaliteit	n	de	abnormality
brutaliteit	n	de	impudence, audacity
rammeling	n	de · mv. rammelingen	beating
ommes	d		used for emphasis
aandachtsstoornis	n	de · mv. aandachtsstoornissen	attention deficit disorder
bestuurslui	n		management people
zakkenvuller	n	de · mv. zakkenvullers	a profiteer, moneygrubber; someone who is enriched at the expense of others;…
zwanzen	v	zwansde – gezwansd	to joke
versteven	a		(feeling) very cold
atoombom	n	de · mv. atoombommen	atomic bomb
apothekerspond	n	het · mv. apothekersponden	Dutch medical pound, equivalent to about 375 grams
milieubewust	a		environmentally conscious
milieupolitiek	n	de	set of policies regarding the environment; environmental politics
sleurhut	n	de · mv. sleurhutten	caravan
sleuren	v	sleurde – gesleurd	to pull, to drag, to tow (usually in a careless or unrefined manner)
infrastructureel	a		infrastructural
nutsbedrijf	n	het · mv. nutsbedrijven	utility company
windmolenpark	n	het · mv. windmolenparken	wind farm (array of wind turbines)
klimaatwet	n	de · mv. klimaatwetten	law regulating aspects of climate policy, often a comprehensive law that…
Olympiajol	n	de · mv. Olympiajollen	Olympiajolle, O-Jolle
proviand	n	de/het · mv. provianden	food supplies, edible provision, in particular when travelling
mondvoorraad	n	de · mv. mondvoorraden	food provisions, in particular when travelling
oponthoud	n	het · mv. oponthouden	delay, relent
binnenskamers	d		indoors, inside a building; privately, not publicly; secretly
schijnwerper	n	de · mv. schijnwerpers	floodlight, bright light projector; spotlight
werper	n	de · mv. werpers	thrower
eeuwfeest	n	het · mv. eeuwfeesten	centennial
kaatsspel	n	het · mv. kaatsspellen	pelote; Frisian handball
kernsplijting	n	de · mv. kernsplijtingen	nuclear fission
blokhut	n	de · mv. blokhutten	log cabin
boterschijte	n	de · mv. boterschijten	butterfly
stresskip	n	de · mv. stresskippen	a stress-prone person
inreisverbod	n	het · mv. inreisverboden	entry ban (ban on entering a country)
etnologe	n	de · mv. etnologes	female ethnologist
horig	a		serfish; related to serfs or serfdom
echtbreekster	n	de · mv. echtbreeksters	a female adulterer, adulteress (a woman who breaks her marital bond); a female homewrecker
muurdam	n	de · mv. muurdammen	pier (piece of wall between two frames or openings, such as windows or doors)
penantspiegel	n	de · mv. penantspiegels	long, narrow mirror to be placed on a pier (on a wall, between doors or windows)
ideaalbeeld	n	het · mv. ideaalbeelden	ideal, paragon, ideal image (perfect standard)
valscherm	n	het · mv. valschermen	parachute
speciaalstudie	n	de · mv. speciaalstudies	specialised study, investigation of a specific subject
hoogbouw	n	de · mv. hoogbouwen	high-rise buildings; high-rise, tall building
schaamberg	n	de · mv. schaambergen	mons pubis
schaamheuvel	n	de · mv. schaamheuvels	mons pubis
venusheuvel	n	de · mv. venusheuvels	mons pubis
Lotharingen	m		Lorraine (a cultural region, former administrative region, and former duchy…
aanhechten	v	hechtte aan – aangehecht	to (physically) attach, to join; to attach, to append, to include
adderspog	n	het	viper venom
achtbenig	a		eight-legged (chiefly in relation to horses, people and objects)
slippendrager	n	de · mv. slippendragers	subservient person; one who carries a slip; pallbearer, (more strictly) one who carries a…
alcoholslot	n	het · mv. alcoholsloten	a breath alcohol ignition interlock device
jacamaca	m		fictitious, faraway place
jeir	n	het	soil
Betuwe	m		an area of Gelderland, the Netherlands
Doetinchem	m		Doetinchem (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Achterhoek	m		a region in the easternmost part of Gelderland, in the eastern Netherlands; a hamlet in Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Rucphen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Twente	m		the most urbanised, easternmost region of the province of Overijssel in the…
Enschede	m		Enschede (a city and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands)
Deventer	m		Deventer (a city and municipality, an Overijssel in the Netherlands)
Salland	m		an area in the west of the Dutch province of Overijssel, including the…
Zwolle	m		Zwolle (a city, municipality, and capital of Overijssel, Netherlands); a hamlet in Oost Gelre, Gelderland, Netherlands; a surname
knoepsen	v	knoepste – geknoepst	audibly chew
moef	n	de · mv. moefen	sullen or mean-spirited face or (by extension) person
rekeningnummer	n	het · mv. rekeningnummers	account number
muntsoort	n	de · mv. muntsoorten	currency type, valuta
ontvanger	n	de · mv. ontvangers	receiver, recipient; radio receiver
Liemers	m		area in The Netherlands, province of Gelderland, between Arnhem and Doetinchem; the Low Franconian dialect spoken in that region
Kleef	m		Kleve, Cleves, a town in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, near…
ravotten	v	ravotte – geravot	to play heartily, esp. outdoors
verzuchting	n	de · mv. verzuchtingen	complaint; aspiration
jawadde	i		exclamation of surprise, amazement, disappointment, etc
smossen	v		spill, make a mess
smoske	n	het · mv. smoskes	club sandwich prepared with any kind of sauce
konkelfoezen	v		talk in a low whisper, esp. to gossip or scheme
Schiedam	m		Schiedam (a city and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands)
Meetjesland	m		a historic region in northwestern East Flanders, Belgium
Hageland	m		a region in the provinces of Flemish Brabant (mostly) and Limburg in…; a surname, most common in Norway and Denmark, and with less use in Iceland
Vlaardingen	m		Vlaardingen (a city and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands)
gulle	r		Second-person plural, subjective: you
onzalig	a		unblessed; profane; very bad, unfortunate
pertotal	n		total loss
saflet	n		blow, slap, whack
sallewase	n		a blow, whack
lababbel	n		blow, whack
aframmelen	v	rammelde af – afgerammeld	to beat up; to say something fast and mechanically
nodigen	v		to invite
hogerop	d		to higher ground; to higher in hierarchy (for example appeal to a higher court)
habbekrats	n	de · mv. habbekratsen	trifle (something of very small importance or very low price)
klankbord	n	het · mv. klankborden	sounding board
mismeesteren	v	mismeesterde – mismeesterd	to mess up completely
kapotneuken	v		ruin
handenvol	d		while busy
mochelen	n		solitaire
mochelen	v	mochelde – gemocheld	play solitaire
verenneweren	v		ruin
kop-staartbotsing	n		rear-end collision
doodleuk	d		cold-bloodedly, flat out, calmly, coolly; in an unconcerned way; without…
doodleuk	a		flat out, simple, straightforward; terribly funny
doodgemoedereerd	d		unconcernedly, completely calmly
janmijnkloten	n		asshole; annoying person
Merwede	m		a river in South Holland, Netherlands near the Drechtsteden, and part of the…
afdonderen	v	donderde af – afgedonderd	to fall off, to fall down; to throw off, to throw down
begooien	v	begooide – begooid	to throw at
beenbreker	n	de · mv. beenbrekers	synonym of zeearend (“white-tailed eagle (Haliaeetus albicilla)”)
wintermaand	n	de · mv. wintermaanden	winter month
Mercuur	m		Mercury
mercuur	n	de · mv. mercuren	early type of newspaper/magazine, from the seventeenth or eighteenth century…; mercury (metal, element)
Moerdijk	m		Moerdijk (a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands); part of the Hollands Diep at the village of Moerdijk
kunstschilderes	n	de · mv. kunstschilderessen	female painter (of pictures), female artist
zepen	v	zeepte – gezeept	to soap (to cover with soap or apply soup to)
zeepje	n	het · mv. zeepjes	a European moth, Caryocolum fischerella, whose larvae feed on soapwort plants
stilleven	n	het · mv. stillevens	still-life (painting or other image of arranged inanimate or dead objects,…
jachtstuk	n	het · mv. jachtstukken	hunting still-life, gamepiece (painting or other picture of an arrangement…
pronkstilleven	n	het · mv. pronkstillevens	still-life, often of a larger size, depicting valuable objects, sometimes…
jachtklok	n	de · mv. jachtklokken	Jagdstück (cuckoo clock with motifs related to hunting)
tintelfris	a		tingling(ly) fresh
sneeuwleeuw	n	de · mv. sneeuwleeuwen	snow lion (Tibetan religious and cultural icon)
sneeuwpanter	n	de · mv. sneeuwpanters	snow panther, snow leopard (Uncia uncia syn. Panthera uncia)
sneeuwluipaard	n	de/het · mv. sneeuwluipaarden	synonym of sneeuwpanter (“snow leopard, snow panther, Uncia uncia”)
sneeuwketting	n	de · mv. sneeuwkettingen	tyre chain, tire chain, snow chain
Sneeuwwitje	m		Snow White
Sneeuwwitje	n	het · mv. Sneeuwwitjes	a shandy; a cocktail made with beer and lemonade (often 7 Up)
sneeuwvlo	n	de · mv. sneeuwvlooien	snow flea (Boreus hyemalis)
sneeuwuil	n	de · mv. sneeuwuilen	snowy owl (Bubo scandiacus)
sneeuwmuis	n	de · mv. sneeuwmuizen	European snow vole (Chionomys nivalis)
sneeuwbeer	n	de · mv. sneeuwberen	polar bear
sneeuwhut	n	de · mv. sneeuwhutten	igloo
sneeuwploeg	n	de · mv. sneeuwploegen	snow plough, snow plow
sneeuwhaas	n	de · mv. sneeuwhasen	mountain hare (Lepus timidus)
sneeuwmug	n	de · mv. sneeuwmuggen	a certain species of snow fly, Chionea belgica; any snow fly, any insect of the genus Chionea
sneeuwfrees	n	de · mv. sneeuwfrezen	rotary snow plough, rotary snow plow
sneeuwwoestijn	n	de · mv. sneeuwwoestijnen	snow desert (snow-covered area with little precipitation)
bedenker	n	de · mv. bedenkers	deviser, someone who thinks something up; creator
podiumbeest	n	het · mv. podiumbeesten	someone who enjoys being on stage and is often on stage
snollen	n		search through something, often surreptitiously
coulance	n		accommodation (fe. of insurance company toward its clients)
inschikkelijkheid	n		accommodation (towards people)
inschikkelijk	a		accommodating; acquiescent
orthomoleculair	a		orthomolecular
chicaneren	v		to cavil, to pettifog; to quarrel
vitten	v	vitte – gevit	to cavil
bloedsneeuw	n	de	watermelon snow, blood snow
sneeuwkroon	n	de · mv. sneeuwkronen	a snow cover on a mountain
sneeuwhoos	n	de · mv. sneeuwhozen	snow tornado
sneeuwschoen	n	de · mv. sneeuwschoenen	snowshoe
sneeuwanker	n	het · mv. sneeuwankers	ice anchor
sneeuwbui	n	de · mv. sneeuwbuien	bout of snow, (period of) snowfall, (mild) snowstorm (meteorological…
sneeuwloos	a		snowless, without snow
sneeuwachtig	a		snowlike, resembling snow
sneeuwblind	a		snowblind, blindness caused by overexposure to UV light because of…
sneeuwblindheid	n	de	snow blindness
lasterlijk	a		libellous, slanderous (knowingly false and harmful to reputation)
muggenzifter	n	de · mv. muggenzifters	nitpicker
oproerig	a		seditious, rebellious
moerdijk	n	de · mv. moerdijken	a dyke built around a peat or salt excavation site
ontheemde	n		displaced person
steuntrekker	n	de · mv. steuntrekkers	someone who receives unemployment benefits
foert	i		get all lost/fucked; I've had it
zavel	n	de/het · mv. zavels	sand; soil consisting mostly of sand with significant to high levels of clay
spuigat	n		scupper
benodigdheid	n	de · mv. benodigdheden	supply; requirement; requisite
sluiproute	n	de · mv. sluiprouten	shortcut (a shorter and faster way to a place)
kiekeboe	i		peekaboo!
kiekeboe	n		a peekaboo game
neuzeneuzen	v		rub noses as sign of affection (with kids) or as a greeting; Eskimo kissing
domiciliëring	n	de · mv. domiciliëringen	standing bank order; the state of having a permanent residence
Rutte	m		a surname
Rijsbrack	m		a surname
Rietveld	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
sociaaldemocraat	n	de · mv. sociaaldemocraten	social democrat
christendemocraat	n	de · mv. christendemocraten	Christian democrat
sneeuwballen	v	sneeuwbalde – gesneeuwbald	to throw snowballs
nederjazz	n	de	a style of improvisational jazz music originating from the Netherlands
fusioneren	v	fusioneerde – gefusioneerd	to merge
milieutaks	n	de · mv. milieutaksen	environmental tax
milieubelasting	n	de · mv. milieubelastingen	environmental tax; burden on the environment
milieuheffing	n	de · mv. milieuheffingen	environmental tax
schutkring	n	de · mv. schutkringen	cordon sanitaire
schutkleur	n	de · mv. schutkleuren	camouflage; colour that provides camouflage
vogelpest	n	de	bird flu
vogelgriep	n	de	avian influenza, bird flu
kraamsterfte	n	de	maternal mortality, mortality in childbirth
moedersterfte	n	de	maternal mortality (in childbirth)
kraambed	n	het · mv. kraambedden	childbed
schaper	n	de · mv. schapers	shepherd
scheper	n	de · mv. schepers	shepherd
homonationalisme	n	het · mv. homonationalismes	homonationalism
erfvijand	n	de · mv. erfvijanden	historical, inherited or sworn enemy
bijbedoeling	n	de · mv. bijbedoelingen	ulterior motive, hidden intention
berenleider	n	de · mv. berenleiders	bear leader
stoutmoed	n	de	courage, bravery
durfloos	a		cowardly, undaring, timid
daarzijn	n	het	Dasein, existence, presence, being
veldspaat	n	de/het · mv. veldspaten	feldspar
spaat	n	de/het · mv. spaten	spar
SS'er	n	de · mv. SS'ers	SS member
weldoorvoed	a		well-fed
hangjongere	n	de · mv. hangjongeren	loitering youngster
aanzijn	n	het · mv. aanzijns	presence
aanzijn	v		to visit, to go to; to insist
grimmelen	v	grimmelde – gegrimmeld	to swarm, to abound; to teem [with van ‘with’], to abound
moelje	n	de · mv. moeljes	breakwater, mole
bosbrand	n	de · mv. bosbranden	forest fire
kladschilder	n	de · mv. kladschilders	a bad painter
louw	n	de · mv. louwen	synonym of zeelt (“tench (Tinca tinca)”)
huizenbezitter	n	de · mv. huizenbezitters	homeowner, particularly one who owns more than one house
huisvredebreuk	n	de · mv. huisvredebreuken	the crime of trespassing, the unlawful entry to, or presence in, a house etc
botbreuk	n	de · mv. botbreuken	fracture of a bone
computervredebreuk	n	de	computer intrusion (unauthorised accessing of a computer)
hoefijzermeer	n	het · mv. hoefijzermeren	oxbow lake
hartenpijn	n	de · mv. hartenpijnen	heartache
geleiwier	n	het · mv. geleiwieren	any of some certain species from the green algae that were once held to…
vermakelijk	a		entertaining, amusing
cultuurtaal	n	de · mv. cultuurtalen	standard language, language of culture (standardised lect)
Marieke	m		a female given name
Marije	m		a female given name
Marijke	m		a female given name
zeeijs	n	het	sea ice
ijsschots	n	de · mv. ijsschotsen	ice floe
koeiensap	n	het · mv. koeiensappen	milk, cow juice
ijsschol	n	de · mv. ijsschollen	ice floe
artistiekeling	n	de · mv. artistiekelingen	artist, someone who is considered artsy-fartsy
bordeelsluiper	n	de · mv. bordeelsluipers	suede shoe for men with a thick, soft sole
profijtelijk	a		profitable, advantageous
defaitist	n	de · mv. defaitisten	defeatist
aanwas	n	de · mv. aanwassen	growth, increase in size or number, expansion
aanjuichen	v	juichte aan – aangejuicht	synonym of toejuichen
appelteef	n	de · mv. appelteven	Insult for an apple saleswoman
appelspijs	n	de · mv. appelspijzen	apple sauce
appelboomgaard	n	de · mv. appelboomgaarden	apple orchard
appelaar	n	de · mv. appelaars	apple tree
apenbakkes	n	het · mv. apenbakkessen	ugly face
belgziek	a		irritable, snappy (prone to growing angry)
belastingdruk	n	de · mv. belastingdrukken	tax burden, tax pressure
secondje	n	het · mv. secondjes	short, unspecified period of time
benedenstad	n	de · mv. benedensteden	lower city
beoliën	v	beoliede – beolied	to oil, to cover or lubricate with oil
bergaf	d		downhill, moving down a slope; downhill, worsening
smijdig	a		supple, flexible; malleable, pliable
buitenmaatschappelijk	a		extrasocietal
leugenachtig	a		mendacious, untruthful
schijfrem	n	de · mv. schijfremmen	disc brake
windmolengevecht	n	het · mv. windmolengevechten	pointless fight (useless resistance)
aanschreeuwen	v	schreeuwde aan – aangeschreeuwd	to shout on, to persist with shouting; to shout at, to address by shouting
afgodin	n	de · mv. afgodinnen	female idol (goddess considered to be false by the speaker)
afgoderij	n	de · mv. afgoderijen	idolatry
afgodig	a		idolatrous
nieuwsgaring	n	de · mv. nieuwsgaringen	newsgathering
afgodsbeeld	n	het · mv. afgodsbeelden	statue or figurine of an idol; idol
godenbeeld	n	het · mv. godenbeelden	statue or figurine of a god
graanschuur	n	de · mv. graanschuren	granary (storage barn for grain); breadbasket, food bowl (region producing large quantities of grain)
afgodslang	n	de · mv. afgodslangen	boa, any of the Boidae; boa constrictor
tapijtslang	n	de · mv. tapijtslangen	boa constrictor, Boa constrictor (or the subspecies Boa constrictor constrictor)
weerzinwekkend	a		repulsive, abhorrent, revolting
weerzin	n	de	revulsion, aversion
aversie	n	de · mv. aversies	aversion
onopgeleid	a		uneducated (not having a (formal) education)
zelfredzaam	a		self-reliant
voorzienig	a		provident (capable of foresight, of foreseeing the future); provident, presaging (farsighted, taking the future in consideration)
hypergamie	n	de	hypergamy (tendency or practice of seeking marital partners of a higher status)
vogelvrij	a		outlawed (declared outside of the law and unprotected by the law); free as a bird (completely free); free from birds, bird-free
aanblaffen	v	blafte aan – aangeblaft	to bark at; to shout at (in an unsympathetic manner)
bledder	n	de · mv. bledders	football; head (in particular a bald head); boastful nonsense, hot air, bluster
verdwijnhoekje	n	het · mv. verdwijnhoekjes	a small, snug place which may be used as a place of privacy and safety by…
letterbak	n	de · mv. letterbakken	typecase
menswaardig	a		respecting or congruent with human dignity
geboefte	n	het · mv. geboeftes	criminals, delinquents, crooks; scum, rabble
boeventaal	n	de · mv. boeventalen	criminal cant, thieves' cant (secret argot used by criminals)
villasubsidie	n	de · mv. villasubsidies	A left nickname for the hypotheekrenteaftrek
mensenhandel	n	de	human trafficking
mensensmokkel	n	de	people smuggling
mensensmokkelaar	n	de · mv. mensensmokkelaars	people smuggler
smokkelaar	n	de · mv. smokkelaars	smuggler
narrenschip	n	het · mv. narrenschepen	ship of fools
oorlogsschip	n	het · mv. oorlogsschepen	warship, combat ship
raderschip	n	het · mv. raderschepen	paddle steamer
raderboot	n	de · mv. raderboten	paddle steamer
bierkelder	n	de · mv. bierkelders	cellar where beer is stored; bierkeller (mostly in reference to Germany)
keldermot	n	de · mv. keldermotten	pill bug, woodlouse: any member of the Isopoda, isopod
hoekbank	n	de · mv. hoekbanken	corner seat
slaapbank	n	de · mv. slaapbanken	sofa-bed
bijvrouw	n	de · mv. bijvrouwen	concubine
bijwijf	n	het · mv. bijwijven	concubine
bijzit	n	de · mv. bijzitten	concubine
bijzitten	v	zat bij – bijgegezeten	to sit along, to sit nearby; to attend
drukkerij	n	de · mv. drukkerijen	printing house, printing press, printworks
e-snaar	n	de · mv. e-snaren	E string: the string on a string instrument producing an e note
bijzitter	n	de · mv. bijzitters	Describing various non-voting magistrates: assessor, non-voting councillor
bijzitster	n	de · mv. bijzitsters	concubine
energiezuinig	a		energy-efficient, energy-saving
ontmythologiseren	v	ontmythologiseerde – ontmythologiseerd	to demythologise; to demystify
ontmythologisering	n	de	demythologisation
Jelmer	m		a male given name
klassenstrijd	n	de · mv. klassenstrijden	class struggle
leenwoordenschat	n	de · mv. leenwoordenschatten	loan vocabulary (inventory of loanwords)
biesbos	n	de/het · mv. biesbossen	rush bed, area grown with rush; bundle of rush
biest	n	de	beest, colostrum, beestings
biestmelk	n	de	beest, beestings, colostrum
bierpens	n	de · mv. bierpensen	beer belly, potbelly
bierton	n	de · mv. biertonnen	beer barrel
biervat	n	het · mv. biervaten	beer barrel
bietebauw	n	de · mv. bietebauwen	bogeyman, bugbear, some kind of ghost figure used to scare children
muurvarken	n	het · mv. muurvarkens	pillbug, isopod
kelderzeug	n	de · mv. kelderzeugen	woodlouse, pillbug
varkensbeest	n	het · mv. varkensbeesten	isopod, woodlouse, pillbug
steenmot	n	de · mv. steenmotten	woodlouse, isopod
appelgroen	a		apple-green
appelgroen	n	het	apple-green (colour)
dennenappel	n	de · mv. dennenappels	pinecone
appelwijn	n	de · mv. appelwijnen	cider, apple wine
scherprechter	n	de · mv. scherprechters	executioner
appelcider	n	de · mv. appelciders	cider
beminnaar	n	de · mv. beminnaars	admirer, connoisseur, lover (one who appreciates a certain subject or activity)
afgodes	n	de · mv. afgodessen	female idol (goddess considered to be false by the speaker)
afglijden	v	gleed af – afgegleden	to slide down; to slip off
makelij	n	de · mv. makelijen	manufacture, production, origin, construction (origin of a processed commodity)
gebruiksvriendelijk	a		use-friendly, user-friendly
gebruikersvriendelijk	a		user-friendly
gebruiksonvriendelijk	a		use-unfriendly, user-unfriendly
gebruikersonvriendelijk	a		user-unfriendly
paardans	n	de · mv. paardansen	partner dance, dance in pairs; mating dance
parendans	n	de · mv. parendansen	partner dance, dance in pairs
paringsdans	n	de · mv. paringsdansen	mating dance
retireren	v	retireerde – geretireerd	to withdraw, to retire
Bijltje	n	het · mv. Bijltjes	an 18th-century shipwright who supported the house of Orange
zelfselectie	n	de · mv. zelfselecties	self-selection
prijsstabiliteit	n	de	price stability
bozig	a		angry
waterraaf	n	de · mv. waterraven	cormorant
gasrotonde	n	de · mv. gasrotondes	hub in the trade and transfer of natural gas
verduurzamen	v	verduurzaamde – verduurzaamd	to cure, to preserve; to make sustainable, to green; to become sustainable
lullificatie	n	de · mv. lullificaties	blather, banter, poppycock
oetlul	n	de · mv. oetlullen	dumbass, tool, nincompoop, dipshit
Boeginees	a		Buginese
Boeginees	m		Buginese, the Buginese language
kaalslag	n	de · mv. kaalslagen	clearcutting; demolition, site clearance; destruction, onslaught
boevengilde	n	het · mv. boevengildes	organised crime, the underworld
gildig	a		big, large; chubby
gildig	d		hugely, massively
gildehuis	n	het · mv. gildehuizen	guildhall (building used by a guild)
gildemeester	n	het · mv. gildemeesters	guild master
olijfboomcoalitie	n	de · mv. olijfboomcoalities	a coalition of social democrats, Christian democrats and greens
medezeggenschap	n	de/het	codetermination (as of employees at an organisation or students at an…
medezeggenschapsraad	n	de · mv. medezeggenschapsraden	employee council, codetermination council
rexist	n	de · mv. rexisten	Rexist
zakenbank	n	de · mv. zakenbanken	commercial investment bank
aanvoerlijn	n	de · mv. aanvoerlijnen	supply line
aardvrucht	n	de · mv. aardvruchten	root vegetable
boekenvriend	n	de · mv. boekenvrienden	bibliophile
casuïstiek	n	de	casuistry, casuistics
onbesuisd	a		rash, reckless
achtpotig	a		eight-legged (chiefly in relation to animals)
oplage	n	de · mv. oplages	printing, print run; circulation
schepel	n	de/het · mv. schepels	bushel, an old, variable measure of volume equal to a quarter of a mud; wooden shovel for moving harvested crops
peiger	a		dead; (figurative) exhausted
peigeren	v	peigerde – gepeigerd	to die; to kill
afpeigeren	v	peigerde af – afgepeigerd	to tire out, to exhaust, to wear out
aanbesterven	v	bestierf aan – aanbestorven	to be inherited, to be transferred due to death
belikken	v	belikte – belikt	to lick
anciënniteit	n	de · mv. anciënniteiten	seniority, precedence by age or relevant experience; length of service, in an employ and/or position
systeemfout	n	de · mv. systeemfouten	system failure, systematic error
kwaakschool	n	de · mv. kwaakscholen	gambling establishment where a game similar to backgammon was played
voetangel	n	de · mv. voetangels	caltrop
kraaienpoot	n	de · mv. kraaienpoten	leg or foot of a crow; caltrop, crow's foot
kraaienpootje	n	het · mv. kraaienpootjes	wrinkle at the outer corner of the eye and at the temple
baanboef	n	de · mv. baanboeven	ball boy in old ball games like pelote
ganzenbord	n	het · mv. ganzenborden	the Game of the Goose
ganzenborden	v		to play the Game of the Goose
krent	n	de · mv. krenten	a currant, a small dried grape; a miser, a scrooge, a niggard; buttocks, butt, hindquarters
gietvorm	n	de · mv. gietvormen	mold, cast
luchtdrukdeur	n	de · mv. luchtdrukdeuren	a pressure-sealed plug door, a pressure door
gaggelen	v	gaggelde – gegaggeld	to make a sharp, broken noise or cry, like a goose does; to cackle; to laugh sharply, to cackle
elpendier	n	het · mv. elpendieren	elephant
druksluis	n	de · mv. druksluizen	airlock
springpak	n	het · mv. springpakken	jumpsuit
zelfcensuur	n	de	self-censorship
scheepsruim	n	het · mv. scheepsruimen	cargo hold of a ship
suikerbeest	n	het · mv. suikerbeesten	confection made in the shape of an animal, made of borstplaat, a substance…
hoogwaardigheidsbekleder	n	de · mv. hoogwaardigheidsbekleders	dignitary
hoogwaardig	a		high-quality, first-rate; eminent
zakformaat	n	het · mv. zakformaten	pocket size, pocket edition (in particular of books)
hoogwaardigheid	n	de · mv. hoogwaardigheden	the state of being of high quality; someone of high rank; an eminence
formaat	n	het · mv. formaten	size; stature, importance; format
subsonisch	a		subsonic
scheepsboot	n	de · mv. scheepsboten	ship's boat
windhaak	n	de · mv. windhaken	a clasp to fasten doors or windows, either in a fully closed position or in…
pijptang	n	de · mv. pijptangen	pipe wrench
brandkraan	n	de · mv. brandkranen	fire hydrant
debrideren	v	debrideerde – gedebrideerd	to remove necrotic tissue; to debride
baslijn	n	de · mv. baslijnen	bassline
etterbuil	n	de · mv. etterbuilen	a localized accumulation of pus in the skin; a pus boil; a git, a cunt (objectionable person)
grijmig	a		grimy
hobbelen	v	hobbelde – gehobbeld	to lurch, hobble
leidingwerk	n	het · mv. leidingwerken	ductwork
frictie	n	de	friction; social friction, conflict
magnetostaart	n	de · mv. magnetostaarten	magnetotail
aderverwijding	n	de · mv. aderverwijdingen	aneurysm
sporendoos	n	de · mv. sporendozen	sporangium
kapoeneren	v		to caponize
Langenberg	m		a hamlet in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
sneeuwbes	n	de · mv. sneeuwbessen	snowberry
vetgans	n	de · mv. vetganzen	synonym of pinguïn
kniebroek	n	de · mv. kniebroeken	breeches
wrongel	n	de · mv. wrongels	curd
tussentaal	n	de · mv. tussentalen	any variety of colloquial speech intermediate between standard Flemish and…
waterpomptang	n	de · mv. waterpomptangen	adjustable pliers, Channellocks, tongue-and-groove pliers, water pump…
wanbof	n	de · mv. wanboffen	misfortune, bad luck
hulptaal	n	de · mv. hulptalen	auxiliary language
aangezichtskunde	n	de	physiognomy
fysiognomie	n	de	physiognomy (pseudoscience)
aanmanen	v	maande aan – aangemaand	to admonish, to urge
achterpoot	n	de · mv. achterpoten	hind leg (of an animal or of furniture)
voorpoot	n	de · mv. voorpoten	foreleg (of an animal or of furniture)
miljoenpoot	n	de · mv. miljoenpoten	a millipede, an arthropod of the class Diplopoda
achterkamer	n	de · mv. achterkamers	backroom (with similar connotations of secrecy, especially in the diminutive)
achterkamertjespolitiek	n	de	backroom politics
achterhoofd	n	het · mv. achterhoofden	back of the head, occiput
bieraccijns	n	de · mv. bieraccijnzen	excise tax on beer
beademen	v	beademde – beademd	to breathe on, to breathe into; to apply mechanical (artificial) ventilation to
beademing	n	de · mv. beademingen	ventilation (act of assisting someone with breathing)
mond-op-mondbeademing	n	de · mv. mond-op-mondbeademingen	mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, mouth-to-mouth ventilation
bierworst	n	de · mv. bierworsten	German Bierwurst; a long, narrow smoked sausage, usually eaten as a snack
knakworst	n	de · mv. knakworsten	knackwurst
handelsgewas	n	het · mv. handelsgewassen	cash crop
uitvoergewas	n	het · mv. uitvoergewassen	cash crop
exportgewas	n	het · mv. exportgewassen	export crop
knakken	v	knakte – geknakt	to break; to partially break without fully breaking
biervilt	n	de · mv. biervilten	beer mat, a round or square cardboard mat to put underneath drinking glasses
levensleer	n	de	biology; doctrine about how one should live one's life, worldview
staatssecretaris	n	de · mv. staatssecretarissen	junior minister, deputy minister
maansikkel	n	de · mv. maansikkels	a thin crescent of the moon; a moonsickle
oppeuzelen	v	peuzelde op – opgepeuzeld	to eat something in its entirety, especially with small bites or nibbles
opvreten	v	vrat op – opgevreten	to eat up something in a savage manner; to corrode
accretie	n	de · mv. accreties	accretion
zitpenning	n	de · mv. zitpenningen	a fee paid to sit on a board or committee; an attendance fee
schijnbeweging	n	de · mv. schijnbewegingen	a movement made to confuse someone, e.g. an opponent; a feint
honderdman	n	de · mv. honderdmannen	centurion
pasgeboren	a		newborn (recently born)
eroev	n	de · mv. eroeviem	eruv
klissen	v	kliste – geklist	to arrest, to catch
bouwgewrocht	n	het · mv. bouwgewrochten	building, edifice (often suggesting artistic merit)
bouwgedrocht	n	het · mv. bouwgedrochten	hideous building, architectural monstrosity
gedrochtelijk	a		monstrous, hideous (resembling a monster); misshapen, deformed (often of congenital malformations)
wangedrocht	n	het · mv. wangedrochten	monstrosity, monster, something or someone very ugly
achterdenken	v	dacht achter – achtergedacht	to suspect
achterdenken	n	het · mv. achterdenkens	suspicion, mistrust; worry, concern
gildekamer	n	de · mv. gildekamers	guildhall (room or hall used for guild activities)
bontjas	n	de · mv. bontjassen	fur coat
dorper	n	de · mv. dorpers	a male villager; a villageman; an uncouth person
deurknop	n	de · mv. deurknoppen	doorknob
deurgreep	n	de · mv. deurgrepen	a fixed bar-like door handle
daadzaak	n	de · mv. daadzaken	fact
gruwel	n	de · mv. gruwelen	abomination, horror, something that is abhorrent; gruel, especially made with barley grits, usually sweetened with berry juice
oorlogsfeit	n	het · mv. oorlogsfeiten	wartime action, act of war
oorlogshandeling	n	de · mv. oorlogshandelingen	wartime action, act of war
beplanten	v	beplantte – beplant	to plant, to plant with (to provide with plants)
boerenbedrog	n	het	crude deceit, sham, fraud (suggesting that the fraud is blatant and…
boerenbedrieger	n	de · mv. boerenbedriegers	charlatan, swindler, fraud
warmoezerij	n	de · mv. warmoezerijen	vegetable farm; vegetable cultivation
beoorlogen	v	beoorloogde – beoorloogd	to wage war against, to war against
veroorlogen	v	veroorloogde – veroorloogd	to waste by war, to war away
asvarken	n	het · mv. asvarkens	a brush with rough bristles and a handle, often used along with a dustpan…
bakerstoel	n	de · mv. bakerstoelen	birthstool
baarkruk	n	de · mv. baarkrukken	birthstool
stoelendans	n	de · mv. stoelendansen	musical chairs
eindbaas	n	de · mv. eindbazen	final boss; leader, boss (chief of an organisation or department); boss (someone considered exceptionally good or impressive)
wondarts	n	de · mv. wondartsen	surgeon; barber who performed surgery
tegenwerpen	v	wierp tegen – tegengeworpen	to object, to state to the contrary (usually accompanied by a subordinate…
voortijds	d		before, earlier; ahead of time, too early
manticus	n	de · mv. mantici	mantic
mantiek	n	de	manticism
mantisch	a		mantic
kweekvijver	n	de · mv. kweekvijvers	fish nursery, breeding pond; breeding-ground, nursery (place where a certain kind of person or thing is…
gruwelen	v	gruwelde – gegruweld	synonym of gruwen
steenrijk	a		filthy rich
ajuinachtig	a		onionlike
aapachtig	a		simian, apish, monkeylike
welletjes	a		enough
weigerachtig	a		prone to refusing
weigerlijk	d		carefully, heedfully
herenboerderij	n	de · mv. herenboerderijen	gentleman's farm (farm owned by a patrician landowner)
herenboer	n	de · mv. herenboeren	farmer rich enough (with a large farm in his personal possession, as…
kasteelboerderij	n	de · mv. kasteelboerderijen	castle farm (farm leased or operated by a liege)
stolpboerderij	n	de · mv. stolpboerderijen	Haubarg, a byre-dwelling farm
kindersterfte	n	de · mv. kindersterften	child mortality
sterfte	n	de · mv. sterftes	death, dying; mortality; mass death
petekind	n	het · mv. petekinderen	godchild, godkid (child with a godparent)
veesterfte	n	de · mv. veesterften	mass death of livestock
afdringen	v	drong af – afgedrongen	Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see vanaf, dringen
akkerland	n	het · mv. akkerlanden	farmland used for crops
olielamp	n	de · mv. olielampen	oil lamp
fiool	n	de · mv. fiolen	vial
gewillig	a		voluntary, showing readiness, willing; compliant, yielding
gewillig	d		compliantly, pliantly; readily, willingly
seneschalk	n	de · mv. seneschalken	seneschal (steward of a nobleman); seneschal (French steward, magistrate and governor)
beverskul	n	de · mv. beverskullen	beaver sacs, castoreum
beverburcht	n	de · mv. beverburchten	beaver lodge
levensloopbestendig	a		compatible with use by elderly people or easily adaptable to achieve such…
wantaal	n	de · mv. wantalen	any use of language considered substandard
tranenvloed	n	de · mv. tranenvloeden	lacrimation
exfoliëren	v	exfolieerde – geëxfolieerd	to remove a layer of skin, as in cosmetic preparation; to exfoliate
prachtkever	n	de · mv. prachtkevers	buprestid
juweelkever	n	de · mv. juweelkevers	jewel beetle
tweestatenoplossing	m		two-state solution
bevergeil	n	het	castoreum
straatintimidatie	n	de · mv. straatintimidaties	street harassment (sexual harassment in outdoor public places)
ontbladeren	v	ontbladerde – ontbladerd	to remove the leaves from a plant, to exfoliate
afvinken	v	vinkte af – afgevinkt	to check off (f.e. choices on form, often implying elimination of options,…
bevrijdingstheologie	n	de · mv. bevrijdingstheologieën	liberation theology (type of theology inspired by Marxism)
treurlied	n	het · mv. treurliederen	dirge
dubbelhartig	a		two-faced, duplicitous
zilt	a		salty (containing a significant amount of salt)
ontwortelen	v	ontwortelde – ontworteld	to uproot, deracinate
deracineren	v	deracineerde – gederacineerd	to deracinate
theezeef	n	de · mv. theezeven	tea strainer
taalstrijd	n	de · mv. taalstrijden	a political fight over language issues, especially the one between Dutch and…
Poerim	m		Purim
anechoïsch	a		anechoic
eivorm	n	de · mv. eivormen	ovoid
eierkool	n	de · mv. eierkolen	coal compressed into an egg-shape, which has a standardised volume and…
duivenhuis	n	het · mv. duivenhuizen	columbarium
grootmoedig	a		magnanimous
optatief	n	de · mv. optatieven	the optative mood or a word therein
conjunctief	n	de · mv. conjunctieven	the subjunctive mood or a word therein
imperatief	n	de · mv. imperatieven	the imperative mood or a word therein
graaicultuur	n	de · mv. graaiculturen	culture of self-enrichment
maximumloon	n	het · mv. maximumlonen	maximum wage
keurleger	n	het · mv. keurlegers	elite army
kunstvorm	n	de · mv. kunstvormen	artificial form
reisroman	n	de · mv. reisromans	novel in the shape of an itinerary, travelogue novel
aanhijgen	v	hijgde aan – aangehijgd	to arrive or approach while gasping; to shout while panting
toetred	n	de	accession
aderrijk	a		veiny
bankbreukig	a		bankrupt; criminally bankrupt
bankbreuk	n	de · mv. bankbreuken	criminal bankruptcy; bankruptcy
basisinkomen	n	het · mv. basisinkomens	basic income, demogrant
bankbreker	n	de · mv. bankbrekers	somebody who has gone bankrupt
bankroetier	n	de · mv. bankroetiers	someone who has gone bankrupt
afrossen	v	roste af – afgerost	to beat up, to give a beatdown
geheelal	n	het · mv. geheelallen	universe, world
leugenliteratuur	n	de	genre of fantastic, rocambolesque literature
samenspraak	n	de · mv. samenspraken	consultation
belastingafspraak	n	de · mv. belastingafspraken	advance tax ruling, tax ruling
belastingovereenkomst	n	de · mv. belastingovereenkomsten	advance tax ruling, tax ruling
keurtroep	n	de · mv. keurtroepen	elite troop, elite battalion
bierazijn	n	het · mv. bierazijnen	beer vinegar, alegar
rijfelen	v	rijfelde – gerijfeld	to rub; to play a gambling game with three dice
kneiter	n	de · mv. kneiters	head, noggin; biggy, jumbo
buikschuiver	n	de · mv. buikschuivers	moped with low handlebars; belly slide
duiventil	n	de · mv. duiventillen	dovecote
moederloog	n	de	mother liquor
hondenhok	n	het · mv. hondenhokken	doghouse, kennel
konijnenhok	n	het · mv. konijnenhokken	rabbit hutch
opperhuid	n	de · mv. opperhuiden	epidermis
balgpijn	n	de · mv. balgpijnen	stomachache
kopvod	n	het · mv. kopvodden	hijab, Islamic headscarf
pestbos	n	het · mv. pestbossen	a small, densely grown tract of forest in a pasture, where livestock were…
geriefbos	n	het · mv. geriefbossen	small tract of forest near a farm, usually among pastures, grown for firewood
Aardema	m		a surname originating as an occupation
asbezem	n	het · mv. asbezems	a brush for removing ash from fireplaces, having a handle and rough…
huin	n	de · mv. huinen	giant
feestbundel	n	de · mv. feestbundels	festschrift; Also used for other anthologies, often in relation to celebration of some kind
feestschrift	n	de · mv. feestschriften	festschrift
rationeel	a		rational, reasonable (pertaining to reason, by means of reason)
doelrationeel	a		zweckrational
rationaliteit	n	de · mv. rationaliteiten	rationality, reasonableness
doelrationaliteit	n	de · mv. doelrationaliteiten	instrumental rationality, zweckrationality
geestverwant	n	de · mv. geestverwanten	like-minded person, someone with the same views
geestverwant	a		like-minded, congenial
geestverwantschap	n	de · mv. geestverwantschappen	like-mindedness
loochenen	v	loochende – geloochend	to deny, to withsay (to assert the falsity or non-existence of)
uitdrijven	v	dreef uit – uitgedreven	to expel, to drive out; to secrete, to discharge; to remove from or leave the womb or birth canal
uitdrijving	n	de · mv. uitdrijvingen	expulsion
veeleer	d		rather
confessioneel	a		linked to a particular religious denomination, confessional
confessioneel	n	de · mv. confessionelen	adherent or member of an explicitly religious political party
onbestaanbaar	a		impossible, not able to exist; impossible, untenable; insufferable, intolerable, obnoxious
visstand	n	de · mv. visstanden	fish stock, fish population
visbestand	n	het · mv. visbestanden	fish stock, fish population
vispopulatie	n	het · mv. vispopulaties	fish population, fish stock
vissterfte	n	de · mv. vissterften	mass death of fish; fish mortality
egelvis	n	de · mv. egelvissen	porcupinefish, any fish of the Diodontidae
kogelvis	n	de · mv. kogelvissen	blowfish, puffer, any fish of the Tetraodontidae
bestraten	v	bestraatte – bestraat	to pave, to cover with stones
marist	n	de · mv. maristen	Marist
bankensector	n	de · mv. bankensectoren	bank sector
luchtkuur	n	de · mv. luchtkuren	aerotherapeutics
teringlijder	n	de · mv. teringlijders	asshole (generic term of abuse)
achtertocht	n	de · mv. achtertochten	rearguard
hesseling	n	de · mv. hesselingen	European chub, Squalius cephalus
Schubbekutteveen	m		fictional backwater place, used metonymously for the backwoods; Podunk;…
achteruitvaart	n	de · mv. achteruitvaarten	the act or capability of sailing backward
weerklinken	v	weerklonk – weerklonken	to resound; to echo; to ring out
Jeneverstad	m		Nickname for Schiedam
jeneverstad	n	de · mv. jeneversteden	a town that is an important producer of gin, especially of jenever
jeneverkruik	n	de · mv. jeneverkruiken	jenever jug
jeneverfles	n	de · mv. jeneverflessen	jenever bottle
jenevervriend	n	de · mv. jenevervrienden	jenever (gin) addict
regentenstuk	n	het · mv. regentenstukken	group portrait of regents
regentessenstuk	n	het · mv. regentessenstukken	group portrait of regentesses
aanplakken	v	plakte aan – aangeplakt	to stick, to affix (on a surface)
pasquille	n	de · mv. pasquilles	pasquin, satirical placard
aanplakbiljet	n	het · mv. aanplakbiljetten	a placard, a poster containing an announcement or promotional information…
darink	n	de	saline peat
derrie	n	de	peat contaminated with clay; goop, slime, muck
aanstekelijk	a		contagious, infectious (easily infecting others); catchy (highly memorable)
sneeuwhoen	n	het · mv. sneeuwhoenders	any grouses of the genus Lagopus
kinderopvang	n	de · mv. kinderopvangen	childcare, nursery
hoofdpersoon	n	de · mv. hoofdpersonen	protagonist
hoofdpersonage	n	de/het · mv. hoofdpersonages	protagonist
hoofdfiguur	n	de · mv. hoofdfiguren	protagonist
hoofdrolspeler	n	de · mv. hoofdrolspelers	lead actor, actor playing a main role; protagonist
broger	n	de · mv. brogers	guy, chap, dude, bloke
onderwereldgod	n	de · mv. onderwereldgoden	god of the underworld (deity ruling the realm of the dead)
onderwereldgodin	n	de · mv. onderwereldgodinnen	goddess of the underworld (goddess ruling and presiding over the realm of…
kraamvrouw	n	de · mv. kraamvrouwen	woman in childbirth, delivering mother
viswijf	n	het · mv. viswijven	fishwife, female fishmonger; scold
kraamwijn	n	de · mv. kraamwijnen	a type of mulled wine with cinnamon (historically used to celebrate the…
kandeel	n	de · mv. kandelen	a type of mulled wine with cinnamon (historically used to celebrate the…
onderwerelds	a		underworldly, pertaining to the underworld; subterranean
belebberen	v	belebberde – belebberd	to lick or lap intensively and audibly
gildos	n	de · mv. gildossen	a decorated ox, (to be) slaughtered for a meal at a guild
bekijven	v	bekeef – bekeven	to insult, to throw insults at
wanprestatie	n	de · mv. wanprestaties	breach of contract; substandard performance, failure
voshaai	n	de · mv. voshaaien	common thresher shark (Alopias vulpinus); any shark of the family Alopiidae
aardhoop	n	de · mv. aardhopen	mound, pile of dirt or soil
aanzuren	v	zuurde aan – aangezuurd	to acidify (to make or to become more acidic or sour)
aasvretend	a		scavenging (eating carrion)
aasetend	a		scavenging (eating carrion)
pijpeneren	v	pijpeneerde – gepijpeneerd	to smoke a pipe
aanzwemmen	v	zwom aan – aangezwommen	to approach by swimming
klokkengevel	n	de · mv. klokkengevels	bell-gable
puntgevel	n	de · mv. puntgevels	gable
achtergevel	n	de · mv. achtergevels	back façade
vliesgevel	n	de · mv. vliesgevels	curtain wall
klokgevel	n	de · mv. klokgevels	clock gable
baaien	a		baize (made of baize)
endeldarm	n	de · mv. endeldarmen	rectum
aarsdarm	n	de · mv. aarsdarmen	rectum
aardgewas	n	het · mv. aardgewassen	crop; any crop that provides root vegetables
aanzoeten	v	zoette aan – aangezoet	to sweeten (to make or to become sweeter); to become or make more appealing/ pleasant
tekstballon	n	de · mv. tekstballonnen	speech bubble
druilerig	a		drizzling; mizzling; drowsy
mislopen	v	liep mis – misgelopen	to miss while walking, to go wrong; to go the wrong way; become corrupt
stembusakkoord	n	het · mv. stembusakkoorden	electoral agreement among political parties about a policy or a few related…
stembusgang	n	de · mv. stembusgangen	election (the action of voting in an election)
jeugdbende	n	de · mv. jeugdbendes	youth gang
aanzouten	v	zoutte aan – aangezouten	to make salter, to salinate
bedampen	v	bedampte – bedampt	to treat with vapour; to be covered or filled with smoke
affuit	n	de/het · mv. affuiten	gun carriage (for a piece of artillery)
reukzin	n	de	sense of smell
mierenhoop	n	de · mv. mierenhopen	anthill
termietenhoop	n	de · mv. termietenhopen	termite mound
termietenheuvel	n	de · mv. termietenheuvels	termite mound
bedrijten	v	bedreet – bedreten	to soil with faeces, to beshit
beefaal	n	de · mv. beefalen	synonym of sidderaal (“electric eel”)
sidderaal	n	de · mv. sidderalen	electric eel (Electrophorus electricus)
bediedsel	n	het · mv. bediedsels	meaning, significance
aspisslang	n	de · mv. aspisslangen	asp
aspisadder	n	de · mv. aspisadders	asp viper (Vipera aspis)
afkappen	v	kapte af – afgekapt	to cut off, to truncate; to cut short, to truncate
achthalf	u		seven and a half
wanbeleid	n	het	misgovernance
vergadertijger	n	de · mv. vergadertijgers	a person who often and habitually attends meetings, usually also seeking to…
aanschrijven	v	schreef aan – aangeschreven	to write to (often of formal requests); to write down, to consider
behuwen	v	behuwde – behuwd	to acquire in marriage; to marry
bezatten	v	bezatte – bezat	to get drunk
artikelsgewijs	a		article by article (numbered section); divided into articles (numbered section)
woonark	n	de · mv. woonarken	houseboat
achterhuis	n	het · mv. achterhuizen	back part of a house; backhouse, outbuilding; annex
sjoelen	n	het	a variety of shuffleboard played in the Netherlands
sjoelen	v	sjoelde – gesjoeld	to play shuffleboard (Dutch variety)
sjoelbak	n	de · mv. sjoelbakken	The board upon which sjoelen, a Dutch variety of shuffleboard, is played
badderen	v	badderde – gebadderd	to swim or play in water; to bathe
verloten	v	verlootte – verloot	raffle off, to give as a prize in a lottery or in sweepstakes
domein	n	het · mv. domeinen	domain, territory (land belonging to an individual, ruler or entity); area of expertise; domain (range where a function is defined)
kroondomein	n	het · mv. kroondomeinen	crown domain (property, esp. lands, in a polity that are owned by the…
superfamilie	n	de · mv. superfamilies	superfamily
subfamilie	n	de · mv. subfamilies	synonym of onderfamilie
onderfamilie	n	de · mv. onderfamilies	subfamily
kieskring	n	de · mv. kieskringen	administrative regional electoral district (often of considerable size)
stemwijzer	n	de · mv. stemwijzers	voting application; an online survey based on the election manifestos of…
kieswijzer	n	de · mv. kieswijzers	voting application; an online survey based on the election manifestos of…
spreekwoordenboek	n	het · mv. spreekwoordenboeken	dictionary of proverbs
microkosmos	n	de · mv. microkosmossen	microcosm
levertraan	n	de	cod liver oil
walvistraan	n	de	whale oil
adje	n	het · mv. adjes	an act of downing a vessel of alcohol, typically beer, in one draught
poen	n	de/het · mv. poenen	money
poentje	n	het · mv. poentjes	vagina
pieterman	n	de · mv. pietermannen	weever, any individual fish or species of the family Trachinidae; euro; dick, peen
leverpastei	n	de · mv. leverpasteien	liver paté, liver paste
wanstaltig	a		deformed; misshapen
minderwaardig	a		inferior; low in quality; third-rate
aandurven	v	durfde aan – aangedurfd	to dare; to venture; to toe the line
wangeloof	n	het · mv. wangeloven	superstition; religious unorthodoxy
wangeloven	v	wangeloofde – wangeloofd	to disbelieve
wangelovig	a		superstitious; unorthodox; irreligious
medezeggenschapsorgaan	n	het · mv. medezeggenschapsorganen	body or organisation through which codetermination is implemented
loonheffing	n	de · mv. loonheffingen	the combination of payroll tax(es) and certain premiums for collective…
aanlassen	v	laste aan – aangelast	to weld on, to attach by welding
verkiezingsprogramma	n	het · mv. verkiezingsprogramma's	election programme, electoral programme
toelachen	v	lachte toe – toegelachen	to smile at, to smile toward; to smile on, to be beneficial or favourable
buidelmol	n	de · mv. buidelmollen	marsupial mole, any animal of the two species from the genus Notoryctes and…
doorrekening	n	de · mv. doorrekeningen	calculation, reckoning; transmission, transiting, the act of passing something through to a third party
consistentie	n	de · mv. consistenties	consistency; consistence
instrumentarium	n	het · mv. instrumentaria	set of instruments, toolset
aanlonken	v	lonkte aan – aangelonkt	synonym of toelonken
toelonken	v	lonkte toe – toegelonkt	to beckon to, to lure
tegenbegroting	n	de · mv. tegenbegrotingen	counterproposal for a budget, alternative budget plan (generally proposed by…
publicatie	n	de · mv. publicaties	publication (something that has been published); publication (the act of publishing)
ordentelijk	a		orderly
verkiezingscampagne	n	de · mv. verkiezingscampagnes	election campaign
evenwichtsniveau	n	het · mv. evenwichtsniveaus	equilibrium level
schokgevoelig	a		shock-sensitive
pensioenstelsel	n	het · mv. pensioenstelsels	pension system, pension scheme
arbeidsparticipatie	n	de	labour participation
budgettair	a		budgetary
beleidsmaker	n	de · mv. beleidsmakers	policy maker
ombuiging	n	de · mv. ombuigingen	the action of bending, of adding curvature; the action or state of turning; reversal
kapitaalinjectie	n	de · mv. kapitaalinjecties	capital injection
aanlijmen	v	lijmde aan – aangelijmd	to affix by means of gluing, to glue on
noemereffect	n	het · mv. noemereffecten	effect from a change in the denominator
bijdrukken	v	drukte bij – bijgedrukt	to print additionally, to add by printing
herdruk	n	de · mv. herdrukken	reprint (printed edition identical to an earlier edition)
herdrukken	v	herdrukte – herdrukt	to reprint
stembiljet	n	het · mv. stembiljetten	ballot
aantokkelen	v	tokkelde aan – aangetokkeld	to hit (a snare), to pluck, to strum
roosten	v	roostte – geroost	to roast (sulfidic ores)
tijding	n	de · mv. tijdingen	message, tiding
aanlichten	v	lichtte aan – aangelicht	to begin to shine, to break (of dawn), to dawn
bevrouwen	v	bevrouwde – bevrouwd	to woman, to staff with women
aanstrikken	v	strikte aan – aangestrikt	to secure by knotting, to put on by knotting; to knot together
kapitaaleis	n	de · mv. kapitaaleisen	capital requirement
tempelier	n	de · mv. tempeliers	Templar, Knight Templar
ridderorde	n	de · mv. ridderorden	chivalric order, order of knighthood; knighthood (decoration)
aansullen	v	sulde aan – aangesuld	to approach in a lackluster, dopey or goofy fashion; to slide or glide near
voorhebben	v	had voor – voorgehad	to intend; to wear in front
tegenop	p		up against
tintelen	v	tintelde – getinteld	to tingle, to prickle
nutsdier	n	het · mv. nutsdieren	livestock, productive domestic animal
handboog	n	de · mv. handbogen	handbow (archery weapon, excluding crossbows)
voetboog	n	de · mv. voetbogen	an arbalest; the arch of a foot
aanmerken	v	merkte aan – aangemerkt	to comment, to remark (usually suggesting criticism); to label, to denote (to categorise by naming); to note, to take notice, to consider
oerbos	n	het · mv. oerbossen	virgin forest, old-growth forest
kruisboogschutter	n	de · mv. kruisboogschutters	crossbower, a crossbowman or crossbow woman
bananenrepubliek	n	de · mv. bananenrepublieken	banana republic
oersoep	n	de · mv. oersoepen	primordial soup, primordial sea
wolschaap	n	het · mv. wolschapen	wool sheep (sheep raised for wool)
vleesschaap	n	het · mv. vleesschapen	mutton sheep (sheep raised for meat)
oogkas	n	de · mv. oogkassen	eye socket
oogholte	n	de · mv. oogholten	eye socket
facetoog	n	het · mv. facetogen	compound eye (complex eye composed of multiple ommatidia common among…
oogarts	n	de · mv. oogartsen	ophthalmologist
oogbol	n	de · mv. oogbollen	eyeball
oogbal	n	de · mv. oogballen	eyeball
bitterzoet	a		bittersweet, simultaneously sweet and bitter; bittersweet, evoking or involving both sad and pleasant emotions
bitterzoet	n	de · mv. bitterzoeten	bittersweet (Solanum dulcamara)
afzuigen	v	zoog af – afgezogen	to exhaust, to drain by means of suction, to extract by suction (of fluids); to suck clean, to suck in order to remove something; to perform oral sex
appelboor	n	de · mv. appelboren	apple-corer
appelhof	n	de/het · mv. appelhoven	orchard containing various fruit trees, including apple trees
smurfendebat	n	het · mv. smurfendebatten	a debate between the leaders of small political parties
oersaai	a		incredibly boring, extremely dull
droes	m		devil, Satan
droes	n	de · mv. droezen	devil, demon; madman, lunatic; hothead, vandal
piket	n	het · mv. piketten	picket (stake driven into the ground); picket (one of the soldiers or troops placed on a line forward of a position…; picket (protester positioned outside an office, workplace etc. during a…
fundering	n	de · mv. funderingen	foundation of an edifice; foundation, justification (e.g. for an action, right or belief)
invorderen	v	vorderde in – ingevorderd	to confiscate; to collect (debt)
avondster	n	de · mv. avondsterren	evening star; the planet Venus as seen in the western sky in the evening; any star seen in the evening, especially the planets Mercury…
keurkorps	n	het · mv. keurkorpsen	elite (division of an) army or militia
vrijkorps	n	het · mv. vrijkorpsen	paramilitary group; militia
klit	n	de · mv. klitten	burdock, plant of the genus Arctium; any plant with burs
boertig	a		farcical; comical, humorous; coarse, crude
boertiglijk	d		farcically, burlesquely
boertelijk	a		farcical, burlesque; humorous, comical
boerterij	n	de · mv. boerterijen	prank, joke; jest, mockery
boerternij	n	de · mv. boerternijen	synonym of boerterij
boekweit	n	de	buckwheat
appeltuin	n	de · mv. appeltuinen	apple orchard
Apennijnen	m		Apennines
levensbeschrijver	n	de · mv. levensbeschrijvers	biographer
levensbeschrijving	n	de · mv. levensbeschrijvingen	biography
levensbeschrijvend	a		biographical
blauwachtig	a		bluish, somewhat or resembling blue
bladgoud	n	het	gold leaf
boekjesgoud	n	het	gold leaf
bloemrijk	a		having many flowers, flowery (in a literal sense); flowery, ornate, florid (lavishly decorated or elaborate)
binnenvaart	n	de · mv. binnenvaarten	inland navigation; waterway considered to be inside or internal to another area
bokkensprong	n	de · mv. bokkensprongen	caper, capriole; odd manoeuvre, eccentric or strange action
boelen	v	boelde – geboeld	to have anal sex; to be a homosexual; to adulterate, to have extramarital sex
zwangerschapsverlof	n	het · mv. zwangerschapsverloven	maternity leave (before giving birth)
vaderschapsverlof	n	het · mv. vaderschapsverloven	paternity leave
ouderschapsverlof	n	het · mv. ouderschapsverloven	parental leave
Beugen	m		a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
tewerkstellen	v	stelde tewerk – tewerkgesteld	to employ, to hire (to give work to someone)
opheffing	n	de · mv. opheffingen	lifting (usually of the human body); lifting, abolition; abolishment
knokken	v	knokte – geknokt	to brawl, to fight (physically); to hit, beat, dust up
scheefhuren	n	het	the practice of renting social housing for a rent lower than one's income…
scheefhuren	v	huurde scheef – scheefgehuurd	to rent a home for a rent that is too low according to legal…
scheefhuurder	n	de · mv. scheefhuurders	someone who rents a home (social housing) for a rent that is considered too…
scheefhuur	n	de	the practice of renting social housing for a rent lower than one's income…
afbeulen	v	beulde af – afgebeuld	to exhaust, to tire out
aderslag	n	de · mv. aderslagen	pulse, especially when observed at an artery
grondsap	n	het · mv. grondsappen	cardinal humour in Galenic medicine
neukseks	n	de	sexual intercourse
verslavend	a		addictive (causing or tending to cause addiction)
bekeuring	n	de · mv. bekeuringen	fine; the act of fining
pilaarprent	n	de · mv. pilaarprenten	hashira-e, pillar print; a Japanese narrow, elongated rectangular print
sleur	n	de	rut; rote; groove (mechanical routine)
spotprent	n	de · mv. spotprenten	caricature, cartoon (image mocking someone or something)
sportprent	n	de · mv. sportprenten	an English picture depicting a sports' event, often a fox hunt or a horse race
antraxbrief	n	de · mv. antraxbrieven	anthrax letter
miltvuurbrief	n	de · mv. miltvuurbrieven	anthrax letter
poederbrief	n	de · mv. poederbrieven	powder letter (letter containing some powder, intended for harming,…
bombrief	n	de · mv. bombrieven	letter bomb (letter containing an explosive)
dreigbrief	n	de · mv. dreigbrieven	letter containing threats
brandbrief	n	de · mv. brandbrieven	urgent letter to an organisation or (figure of) authority asserting an…
beukseks	n	de	rough sex (sexual intercourse)
poepseks	n	de	poop sex (scatological sexual activity)
telefoonseks	n	de	phone sex
webcamseks	n	de	webcam sex (sexual activity recorded by a webcam)
lustobject	n	het · mv. lustobjecten	sex object (someone primarily depicted or treated as an object for sexual lust)
seksobject	n	het · mv. seksobjecten	sex object (someone primarily depicted or treated as an object for sexual lust)
tekeer	d		with an agitating movement; furiously; anxiously
beleidsmedewerker	n	de · mv. beleidsmedewerkers	policy worker (someone employed to (co)develop policy)
toegeeflijk	a		lenient, forgiving, permissive, concessive
deelcertificaat	n	het · mv. deelcertificaten	certificate demonstrating qualification for a single course or subject at a…
schoonbrus	n	de · mv. schoonbrussen	sibling-in-law (sibling's spouse or spouse's sibling)
stiefbrus	n	de · mv. stiefbrussen	stepsibling
WAO'er	n	de · mv. WAO'ers	someone with an incapacity to work who is covered by the WAO (i.e. those who…
seksindustrie	n	de · mv. seksindustrieën	sex industry
sneeuwlawine	n	de · mv. sneeuwlawines	avalanche, snowslide
rotslawine	n	de · mv. rotslawines	rockslide
modderlawine	n	de · mv. modderlawines	mudslide
sneeuwlandschap	n	het · mv. sneeuwlandschappen	snowscape, snowy landscape
ziederij	n	de · mv. ziederijen	a refinery that operates by boiling its resources
zieder	n	de · mv. zieders	refiner who manipulates resources by boiling
aanhoudelijk	a		continuously, persistently
sloopwerk	n	het · mv. sloopwerken	demolition work, demolition job
slopingswerk	n	het · mv. slopingswerken	demolition work, demolition job
eerstdaags	d		in a few days, soon
afpreken	v	preekte af – afgepreekt	to sermonise, to reproach at length
rozenbottel	n	de · mv. rozenbottels	rosehip, hip
kornoelje	n	de · mv. kornoeljes	A dogwood, cornel; any plant of the genus Cornus, particularly Cornus…; A dogberry
bottelen	v	bottelde – gebotteld	to bottle, to put (a liquid) inside a bottle
afpluizen	v	ploos af – afgeplozen	to pick off, to remove
akkerman	n	de · mv. akkermannen	farmer specialised in the cultivation of crops
bouwland	n	het · mv. bouwlanden	farmland, agricultural land where crops are cultivated
afzwepen	v	zweepte af – afgezweept	to flog, to whip intensely
afrij	n	de	downward-sloping road
dodenakker	n	de · mv. dodenakkers	graveyard, churchyard
godsakker	n	de · mv. godsakkers	God's acre
afwateren	v	waterde af – afgewaterd	to drain, to remove water (from)
afwatering	n	de · mv. afwateringen	drainage (removal of water)
afwateringskanaal	n	het · mv. afwateringskanalen	drainage channel, drainage canal
krabpaal	n	de · mv. krabpalen	scratching post
afpunten	v	puntte af – afgepunt	to check off
afstompen	v	stompte af – afgestompt	to blunt, to make blunt (of sharp objects); to dull, to numb (of other objects or faculties); to numb, to make apathetic (of minds and people)
amandelmelk	n	de · mv. amandelmelken	almond milk
struweel	n	het · mv. struwelen	brushwood, scrub; shrubland (area covered in bushes)
slurpen	v	slurpte – geslurpt	to slurp
wereldbol	n	de · mv. wereldbollen	globe
kroonjuweel	n	het · mv. kroonjuwelen	crown jewel, one of a set of regalia; core ideal, the part(s) of a political platform that are considered essential; See kroonjuwelen
kroonjuwelen	n		crown jewels, family jewels (testicles)
salonpopulist	n	de · mv. salonpopulisten	a person who is considered to belong to the societal elite and expresses…
afmartelen	v	martelde af – afgemarteld	to torture to an intense degree; to pester or torment a lot; to exhaust, to tire out
aftakelen	v	takelde af – afgetakeld	to decay (in physical or mental condition)
aftakeling	n	de · mv. aftakelingen	decrepitude, decay, decline (in physical or mental condition)
takelen	v	takelde – getakeld	to hoist with a tackle or pulley; to rig (of sailing vessels)
takel	n	de/het · mv. takels	tackle, hoist; crane; a ship's rigging, tackle
sneeuwerig	a		snowy
sneeuwig	a		snowy
sneeuwkleed	n	het	snow cover
sneeuwdek	n	het · mv. sneeuwdekken	snow cover
sneeuwbril	n	de · mv. sneeuwbrillen	a pair of snow goggles
preskop	n	de · mv. preskoppen	head cheese, brawn
sneeuwgeit	n	de · mv. sneeuwgeiten	mountain goat (Oreamnos americanus, individual or species)
sneeuwkanon	n	het · mv. sneeuwkanonnen	snowgun, snow cannon
sneeuwgans	n	de · mv. sneeuwganzen	snow goose (Chen caerulescens) (individually or as a species)
brooche	n	de · mv. brooches	blessing, bracha
sneeuwpudding	n	de · mv. sneeuwpuddingen	a white pudding made of semolina or cornflour, milk, vanilla and sugar
aflaat	n	de · mv. aflaten	indulgence, reduction of expected punishment in purgatory
broekdraagband	n	de · mv. broekdraagbanden	suspender (US), brace (UK)
draagband	n	de · mv. draagbanden	carrying strap, shoulder strap
zaagbok	n	de · mv. zaagbokken	sawbuck, sawhorse, buck
schelmenroman	n	de · mv. schelmenromans	trickster novel, picaresque novel ((proto)novel about tricksters)
lustprieel	n	het · mv. lustpriëlen	a particularly luxurious prieel (i.e. an open, roofed gazebo); any delightful place
aansnellen	v	snelde aan – aangesneld	to rush near
zakrekenaar	n	de · mv. zakrekenaars	calculator
aantekenboek	n	het · mv. aantekenboeken	notebook (book for writing down notes)
aantekeningenboek	n	het · mv. aantekeningenboeken	notebook (pocket-sized book for writing down notes)
aanvalling	n	de · mv. aanvallingen	attack
aarswis	n	de · mv. aarswissen	(scrap of) toilet paper
vooreergisteren	d		day before the day before yesterday
achtbaar	a		honourable, notable; notable, remarkable
achterdeel	n	het · mv. achterdelen	back part, hindmost part; butt, buttocks
achterjaar	n	het · mv. achterjaren	autumn
prehistorisch	a		prehistorical
afgieten	v	goot af – afgegoten	to strain, to pour off, to pour out; to cast, to form by pouring
apenrots	n	de · mv. apenrotsen	a rock on which monkeys live; a hierarchical world in which similar individuals live or work and which can…
insteekhoes	n	de · mv. insteekhoezen	punched pocket
zustermoord	n	de · mv. zustermoorden	sororicide
gezinsmoord	n	de · mv. gezinsmoorden	familicide, murder of several family members often followed by suicide; murder of any family member(s)
familiemoord	n	de · mv. familiemoorden	familicide, murder of several family members often followed by suicide; murder of any family member(s)
rijstveld	n	het · mv. rijstvelden	a rice field, a paddy
godendrank	n	de · mv. godendranken	nectar (the Olympian's drink); any outstanding beverage
fragmentenhypothese	n	de	fragmentary hypothesis (regarding the Pentateuch/Torah)
aankakken	v	kakte aan – aangekakt	to drawl (near), to arrive or approach slowly and leisurely
aanvoeden	v	voedde aan – aangevoed	to raise, to cultivate, to bring up (figuratively) to incite, to encourage
aanversterven	v	verstierf aan – aanverstorven	to be transferred in inheritance, to be inherited
mensenhaai	n	de · mv. mensenhaaien	great white shark
aardmuis	n	de · mv. aardmuizen	field vole (Microtus agrestis)
aardluis	n	de · mv. aardluizen	Old popular name for several beetle species that live on leaves, generally…
hoofdluis	n	de · mv. hoofdluizen	head louse (Pediculus humanus capitis)
achterbout	n	de · mv. achterbouten	back haunch, hind haunch (hindmost leg of an animal as food)
afbeuken	v	beukte af – afgebeukt	to beat up
beuken	v	beukte – gebeukt	to ram, to beat, to knock
beuken	a		beechen (made of beech wood)
afhaspelen	v	haspelde af – afgehaspeld	to unwind (from a reel), to reel; to sort out, to untangle
afhouwen	v	hieuw af – afgehouwen	to hew off, to chop off
langszij	d		alongside, aboard
vergismoord	n	de · mv. vergismoorden	the killing of somebody other than the intended victim (due to mistaken…
heiland	n	de · mv. heilanden	savior (North America), saviour (Commonwealth)
uitbuiken	v	buikte uit – uitgebuikt	to take some time to idle and relax after a good meal or between courses; to take a walk after a meal; to bulge out
Europeaanse	n	de · mv. Europeaansen	European woman
knekelhuis	n	het · mv. knekelhuizen	building where disinterred (human) bones are stored, usually at a cemetery;…
beenderhuis	n	het · mv. beenderhuizen	bonehouse (often at a graveyard), charnel house (building for the storage of…
knekel	n	de · mv. knekels	bone
baaierd	n	de · mv. baaierds	the primordial chaos before creation; chaos; diverse set
bisschopswijn	n	de · mv. bisschopswijnen	a type of mulled wine, often drunk on and before Saint Nicholas' Eve…
versnijden	v	versnee – versneden	to cut up, to cut in pieces; to dilute, to mix, to adulterate, to step on; to blend or mix (with younger beer) (done to certain beers, like gueuze)
gidsen	v	gidste – gegidst	to guide
reisgids	n	de · mv. reisgidsen	travel guide
kabula	n	de	a dance and music genre evolved from kaseko, characterised by sexually…
drenkeling	n	de · mv. drenkelingen	someone who has fallen into water, drowning person
veertigdagentijd	n	de · mv. veertigdagentijden	Lent (fast before Easter)
afneuzen	v	neusde af – afgeneusd	to peek (at) in order to copy, to plagiarise; to snoop on, to stealthily investigate
Vlinder	m		a female given name
Ans	m		a female given name
uitbuikwandeling	n	de · mv. uitbuikwandelingen	a walk taken after a heavy meal
visquotum	n	het · mv. visquota	fishing quotum/quota
voorzorgsbeginsel	n	het	precaution principle
absolutistisch	a		absolutist, absolute (pertaining to metaphysical absolutes)
welvaartsstaat	n	de · mv. welvaartsstaten	welfare state
tampat	n	de · mv. tampatten	a sailor's sleeping place on board a warship
2C-B	n	de	2C-B
4-fluoramfetamine	n	de	4-fluoroamphetamine
wegrennen	v	rende weg – weggerend	to run away
accessie	n	de · mv. accessies	accession, the act of joining or acceding; accession, the automatic acquisition of property through ownership of…
aardrijksbeschrijving	n	de · mv. aardrijksbeschrijvingen	geography; geographical description
wandrochtig	a		monstrous, hideous
wandrocht	n	het · mv. wandrochten	monster, something or someone that is very ugly
monsterlijk	a		monstrous
aanzanden	v	zandde aan – aangezand	to acquire sand (especially through washed-up deposits); to supply with sand
aanvallig	a		charming, sweet
wereldbevolking	n	de	global population, world population
piszuur	n	het · mv. piszuren	uric acid
piszuur	a		pertaining to uric acid
urinezuur	n	het · mv. urinezuren	uric acid
urinezuur	a		pertaining to uric acid
afrotten	v	rotte af – afgerot	to rot off (to become separated because of decomposition)
asvaalt	n	de · mv. asvaalten	dump, refuse heap
Patagonisch	a		Patagonian
werelderfgoed	n	het	world heritage (as designated by UNESCO), such as World Heritage Sites
kaperschip	n	het · mv. kaperschepen	privateer ship, a ship authorised by a letter of marque to attack certain…
gedrochtig	a		monstrous, hideous (resembling a monster); misshapen, deformed (often of congenital malformations)
zeegedrocht	n	het · mv. zeegedrochten	sea monster
antinomisch	a		antinomian
antiseptisch	a		antiseptic
zionistisch	a		Zionist
apologetisch	a		apologetic (pertaining to formal defence, pertaining to apologetics)
lajenen	v	lajende – gelajend	to leyn, that is, to read from a Torah scroll
apostolisch	a		apostolic, pertaining to the early Christian apostles; apostolic, papal; related to the Pope, the senior successor of the apostles…
pantoffelregering	n	de	a relation, often a marriage, in which the woman is dominant and the man is…
homeopathisch	a		homeopathic
pantoffelhout	n	het	cork
biologisch-dynamisch	a		biodynamic
katalyse	n	de · mv. katalyses	catalysis
oormijt	n	de · mv. oormijten	ear mite, Otodectes cynotis
kaasmijt	n	de · mv. kaasmijten	cheese mite
hooimijt	n	de · mv. hooimijten	haystack (pile of hay)
orang-oetan	n	de · mv. orang-oetans	orangutan
dennenboom	n	de · mv. dennenbomen	Official spelling of denneboom
ploeggeest	n	de	team spirit
woestijnvos	n	de · mv. woestijnvossen	desert fox, fennec (Vulpes zerda)
poolvos	n	de · mv. poolvossen	arctic fox (Vulpes lagopus)
zilvervos	n	de · mv. zilvervossen	silver fox, colour variation of Vulpes vulpes
steppevos	n	de · mv. steppevossen	corsac fox, steppe fox (Vulpes corsac)
kitvos	n	de · mv. kitvossen	swift fox (Vulpes velox)
zandvos	n	de · mv. zandvossen	Rüppell's fox, sand fox (Vulpes rueppellii)
grootoorkitvos	n	de · mv. grootoorkitvossen	kit fox (Vulpes macrotis)
kamavos	n	de · mv. kamavossen	Cape fox, cama fox (Vulpes chama)
eilandvos	n	de · mv. eilandvossen	island fox (Urocyon littoralis)
Azaravos	n	de · mv. Azaravossen	pampas fox, Azara's fox (Lycalopex gymnocercus)
andesvos	n	de · mv. andesvossen	culpeo, Andean fox (Lycalopex culpaeus)
fieltachtig	a		villainous, scandalous, reprehensible
aanstippen	v	stipte aan – aangestipt	to mark with a dot; to indicate, to point out; to touch with a cotton bud or a sharp tool (in order to apply a substance or…
aardsgezind	a		this-worldly, worldly
achterhande	a		of eight different kinds
afbetalen	v	betaalde af – afgebetaald	to pay back, to pay off, to redeem; to pay off in instalments
afscheren	v	schoor af – afgeschoren	to shave off
bezuipen	v	bezoop – bezopen	to get drunk
olijfgaard	n	de · mv. olijfgaarden	olive grove
bewaarnis	n	de	storage; protection, defence; garrison, stationed troops
slijkgeus	n	de · mv. slijkgeuzen	Gomarist
gruweldaad	n	de · mv. gruweldaden	horrific action, abominable deed
reservaat	n	het · mv. reservaten	a tract of land reserved for a particular purpose; a reserve or reservation; a distinct, isolated sector or domain
patronaat	n	het · mv. patronaten	Patronage
natuurreservaat	n	het · mv. natuurreservaten	a nature reserve
indianenreservaat	n	het · mv. indianenreservaten	a Native American reservation
indiaan	n	de · mv. indianen	Native American, Indian, First Nations person
Palmzondag	n	de	Palm Sunday
plagiaat	n	het · mv. plagiaten	plagiarism
Zelen	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Zandvoort	m		Zandvoort (a village, municipality, and beach resort in North Holland,…; a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Baarn, Utrecht, Netherlands
archetypisch	a		archetypal
aristotelisch	a		Aristotelian
asymptotisch	a		asymptotic
breker	n	de · mv. brekers	breaker, one who or something that breaks; breaker, a turbulent wave producing foam near the shore or shallows
schietgraag	a		trigger-happy; eager to shoot at goal
welbespraakt	a		well-spoken, eloquent
afzinnig	a		senseless, mindless
jammerpoel	n	de · mv. jammerpoelen	hell (place of torment); calamity, hell (state of suffering)
waterpoel	n	de · mv. waterpoelen	waterhole (place with water where (wild) animals come to drink)
komaf	n	de	descent, origin
tweewijverij	n	de	bigyny (state of being married with two women or the practice of marrying…
bigaam	a		bigamous
beregenen	v	beregende – beregend	to berain, to rain upon; to spray water on, to sprinkle water on
berggeit	n	de · mv. berggeiten	one of several goat antelopes that inhabit mountain regions, including…
beloeren	v	beloerde – beloerd	to leer at, to gaze at, to lurk at
autistisch	a		autistic
autobiografisch	a		autobiographic, autobiographical
mediaoorlog	n	de · mv. mediaoorlogen	media war
mediastrijd	n	de	media battle
logboek	n	het · mv. logboeken	logbook, journal
scheepslog	n	het · mv. scheepsloggen	logbook of a ship
geloofsovertuiging	n	de · mv. geloofsovertuigingen	religious conviction, religious opinion
geloofsovertuiger	n	de · mv. geloofsovertuigers	religious proselytiser (in particular door-to-door proselytisers like…
asielzoeker	n	de · mv. asielzoekers	asylum seeker
asielzoekerscentrum	n	het · mv. asielzoekerscentra	residential centre for asylum seekers
axiomatisch	a		axiomatic
overtuiger	n	de · mv. overtuigers	persuader (one who persuades)
bevrijdingsoorlog	n	de · mv. bevrijdingsoorlogen	war of liberation
begeerlijk	a		desirable
bijwijfschap	n	het	concubinage (state of being a concubine)
bilstuk	n	het · mv. bilstukken	rump (meat from the hindquarters of an animal)
raamloos	a		windowless
aanwaaien	v	waaide aan – aangewaaid	to arrive by being blown by the wind; to be achieved or gained with little effort
tegenspeler	n	de · mv. tegenspelers	counterpart; opponent
Rensselaer	m		a neighborhood of Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
aardveil	n	het	synonym of hondsdraf (“tunhoof, ground ivy”)
Bree	m		a city and municipality of Belgium
batisten	a		batiste, made of cambric
epigrafisch	a		epigraphic
welluidend	a		euphonious
hoedanigheidswoord	n	het · mv. hoedanigheidswoorden	adjective
mensdom	n	het	humanity, mankind
audiëntie	n	de · mv. audiënties	audience (formal meeting)
Tolbert	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
saboteren	v	saboteerde – gesaboteerd	to sabotage
hapjespan	n	de · mv. hapjespannen	saute pan
römertopf	n	de · mv. römertopfen	Römertopf
bakplaat	n	de · mv. bakplaten	baking tray
ovenplaat	n	de · mv. ovenplaten	baking tray
ovenwant	n	de · mv. ovenwanten	oven glove, oven mitt, pot holder
ovenhandschoen	n	de · mv. ovenhandschoenen	oven glove, pot mitt
behavioristisch	a		behaviorist
kajieten	v		to whine like a dog or other canine species
actualiseren	v	actualiseerde – geactualiseerd	to update (to make something up to date); to modernise (to adapt something to modern times); to actualise (to make or become actual, real or realised)
kruimelvlaai	n	de · mv. kruimelvlaaien	crumble pie
fractievoorzitter	n	de · mv. fractievoorzitters	(male) parliamentary group leader
Athener	n	de · mv. Atheners	an Athenian; an inhabitant of Athens
feeststol	n	de · mv. feeststollen	stollen sold and eaten around special occasions
zwoelte	n	de · mv. zwoelten	mugginess
microtoestand	n	de · mv. microtoestanden	microstate (particular configuration of a macrostate)
macrotoestand	n	de · mv. macrotoestanden	macrostate
differentiaalvergelijking	n	de · mv. differentiaalvergelijkingen	differential equation
regeringsleider	n	de · mv. regeringsleiders	head of government
overmeestering	n	de · mv. overmeesteringen	act or instance of overpowering, subjugation
differentiaalrekening	n	de · mv. differentiaalrekeningen	differential calculus
houtprent	n	de · mv. houtprenten	woodcut
heerschare	n	de · mv. heerscharen	host, army
koekblik	n	het · mv. koekblikken	biscuit tin (metal container for biscuits, cake, cookies, etc.); small car of poor quality
koekendoos	n	de · mv. koekendozen	biscuit tin
koektrommel	n	de · mv. koektrommels	biscuit tin
klimaatbeleid	n	het · mv. klimaatbeleiden	climate policy
herkauwen	v	herkauwde – herkauwd	to rechew, to ruminate
talmen	v	talmde – getalmd	to tarry, dawdle
i-grec	n	de · mv. i-grecs	the letter Y, y (wye) in the Latin script; the letter Υ, υ (upsilon) in the Greek script
collectie	n	de · mv. collecties	collection
brokaten	a		brocaded, made of or containing brocade
uwen	t		dative neuter/plural of uw
beermarter	n	de · mv. beermarters	binturong, bearcat (Arctictis binturong)
bintoerong	n	de · mv. bintoerongs	binturong
onkost	n	de · mv. onkosten	expense, especially a personal expense that can be reimbursed
blikseminslag	n	de · mv. blikseminslagen	lightning strike
vuilwit	a		off-white
demografisch	a		demographic, demographical
deontologisch	a		deontological (pertaining to deontology)
diabetisch	a		diabetic
diagnostisch	a		diagnostic
diakritisch	a		diacritical, diacritic
zweepspin	n	de · mv. zweepspinnen	amblypygid, arachnid of the order Amblypygi
zweepstaart	n	de · mv. zweepstaarten	flagellum
zweephaar	n	het · mv. zweepharen	flagellum
zweepdraad	n	de · mv. zweepdraden	flagellum
opzwepen	v	zweepte op – opgezweept	to urge or chase on with a whip; to excite, to whip up
afverven	v	verfde af – afgeverfd	to finish painting
binnenbeurs	n	de · mv. binnenbeurzen	inside pocket
binnenbaan	n	de · mv. binnenbanen	indoor court, indoor playing field; inner lane
achterzak	n	de · mv. achterzakken	back pocket
kontzak	n	de · mv. kontzakken	back pocket
bovenbaas	n	de · mv. bovenbazen	boss, person who is (de facto) in charge
praksel	n	het · mv. praksels	mash (something mashed to a pulplike state, especially food)
proeksel	n	het · mv. proeksels	goop, gunk, slush
beschonken	a		drunk, intoxicated
kaolo	a		An expletive generally used in attributive position; fucking, shit, damn
dinsdagdip	n	de · mv. dinsdagdips	suicide Tuesday, that is, a delayed hangover occurring especially on…
doorgesnoven	a		high from the use of insufflated recreational drugs, especially cocaine or…
arbitrair	a		arbitrary; not confined by procedure or law, but depending on irregularities…; pertaining to any possible option
dystopisch	a		dystopian
godinnelijk	a		goddessly
koolstofmonoxide	n	de/het	carbon monoxide
koolmonoxide	n	de/het	carbon monoxide
koolstofdioxide	n	de/het	carbon dioxide
kooldioxide	n	de/het	carbon dioxide
egalitair	a		egalitarian, equal
eigenwijs	a		stubborn, headstrong; strong-willed, strong-minded
streber	n	de · mv. strebers	a person who studies hard or makes a great effort in another way, generally…
thesaurie	n	de · mv. thesauries	treasury
tresorie	n	de · mv. tresories	treasury
tresoriër	n	de · mv. tresoriërs	treasurer
pruikentijd	m		the 18th century, the Enlightenment, particularly in reference to the…
tegenstreven	v	streefde tegen – tegengestreefd	to oppose, to counteract
vetplant	n	de · mv. vetplanten	succulent plant, succulent
tienpuntenschaal	n	de · mv. tienpuntenschalen	ten-point scale
muntunie	n	de · mv. muntunies	currency union, monetary union
begrotingsunie	n	de · mv. begrotingsunies	fiscal union
marktdenken	n	het	market ideology, market thinking (ideology that favours market mechanisms)
saprijk	a		juicy, succulent
sappigheid	n	de · mv. sappigheden	juiciness (quality of being juicy); juicy or interesting piece of information
Nieuw-Holland	m		Australia; the Dutch colonial territories in Brazil
lapzalven	v	lapzalfde – gelapzalfd	to tar, to treat with tar (of the ropes of a ship's rigging); to patch up, to fix with stopgap remedies; to treat with quackery, to engage in quackery
tegenstrever	n	de · mv. tegenstrevers	opponent
productiefactor	n	de · mv. productiefactoren	factor of production
idiootbestendig	a		idiot-proof
onderhoudsplicht	n	de · mv. onderhoudsplichten	the legal obligation of children to cover for the elderly care cost of their…
elektrodynamisch	a		electrodynamic
emblematisch	a		emblem (representative and/or symbolic)
Vos	m		a surname, Vos, equivalent to English Fox
empathisch	a		empathetic
enigmatisch	a		enigmatic
vaccinering	n	de · mv. vaccineringen	vaccination
verhuizer	n	de · mv. verhuizers	mover, remover (person employed to help moving people from one house to another); someone who moves from one house to another
allerhande	t		all kinds of
aanrennen	v	rende aan – aangerend	to run near, to run close(r)
aanvoelen	v	voelde aan – aangevoeld	to have feeling for, to sense; to feel, to be to the touch; to feel
spriet	n	de · mv. sprieten	long, narrow shoot from a plant; blade (of grass or corn), sprig; sprit
bekwijlen	v	bekwijlde – bekwijld	to cover in drool, to drool on
epidemisch	a		epidemic
arsenaal	n	het · mv. arsenalen	armoury, arsenal; arsenal (stock of weapons); totality of available instruments, options or means
argusoog	n	het · mv. argusogen	critical or vigilant eye (meaning sight, view or review)
gastrisch	a		gastric
epigenetisch	a		epigenetic
accederen	v	accedeerde – geaccedeerd	to accede (to become party to an agreement)
epigrammatisch	a		epigrammatic
episodisch	a		episodic, episodal
afwennen	v	wende af – afgewend	to unlearn, to lose or kick a habit; to wean
epistemologisch	a		epistemological
landname	n	de · mv. landnames	settlement or occupation of (new) land (from the settlers' or occupiers'…
harpoenier	n	de · mv. harpoeniers	harpooner
afschetsen	v	schetste af – afgeschetst	to depict, to portray, esp. in a sketch (to produce an image or depiction); to depict, to portray, to paint (as) (to create an impression or reputation)
leernicht	n	de · mv. leernichten	gay man dressed in leather
aanrit	n	de · mv. aanritten	approach (by vehicle or mount), the action of approaching by driving or riding; stretch of road or path for gaining access, especially ramp for accessing…
Bello	m		A stereotypical name for a dog
Rincon	m		a village in Bonaire, Netherlands
bedrijfsklimaat	n	het · mv. bedrijfsklimaten	working atmosphere; social relations at the workplace; morale of a company
dolkstoot	n	de · mv. dolkstoten	stab with a dagger (often connoting ignobility and treachery and also used…
aantalen	v	taalde aan – aangetaald	to claim, to lay a claim to/against
aantaal	n	de · mv. aantalen	legal claim
armoediglijk	d		in conditions of poverty; in a poor, destitute state
asbeer	n	de · mv. asberen	person who was employed to empty latrines and remove refuse at night
honingdas	n	de · mv. honingdassen	ratel, honey badger (Mellivora capensis)
eschatologisch	a		eschatological
exegetisch	a		exegetical, exegetic
kinderwens	n	de · mv. kinderwensen	the wish or desire to have one or more children; the wish of a child
kleinkinderwens	n	de · mv. kleinkinderwensen	the wish or desire to have one or more grandchildren
doodswens	n	de · mv. doodswensen	deathwish
gelukwens	n	de · mv. gelukwensen	a congratulation
dubbelbloed	n	de · mv. dubbelbloeden	a person of mixed-race, who has one lineage that is European or white
dubbelbloed	a		of mixed race
dwarsfluit	n	de · mv. dwarsfluiten	transverse flute
watermerk	n	het · mv. watermerken	watermark (translucent image)
mulattin	n	de · mv. mulattinnen	female mulatto
schimpzucht	n	de	excessive desire to scoff others
altezamen	d		together, combined
wederspoed	n	de · mv. wederspoeden	misfortune, hardship (difficult, testing situation)
tempeest	n	het · mv. tempeesten	tempest, storm; hard time, dire straits
oorloven	v	oorloofde – geoorloofd	to allow, to permit
zielsblij	a		deeply happy, deeply joyous, overjoyed
goddeloos	a		atheistic; godless; evil and corrupted esp. due to the lack of faith
aanwoekeren	v	woekerde aan – aangewoekerd	to increase abundantly to the point of overgrowth, to mushroom, to overgrow
aanweven	v	weefde aan – aangeweven	to extend by weaving; to connect by weaving
chrein	n	de	chrain
huisgodendienst	n	de	worship of household deities
beenvlies	n	het · mv. beenvliezen	periosteum
godloos	a		atheistic; godless
godgelovig	a		theistic (believing in a god); believing in a god but not practicing any faith
Hein	m		a male given name
holenbeer	n	de · mv. holenberen	cave bear (Ursus spelaeus)
Mensenzoon	m		Son of Man
Witte	m		a surname
Homan	m		a surname
Geer	m		a hamlet in De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kling	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Timmerman	m		a surname originating as an occupation, equivalent to English Carpenter
Timmermans	m		a surname originating as an occupation
Moorman	m		a surname
Gerlach	m		a surname, Gerlach, originating as an occupation; a male given name originating as an occupation
hardop	d		out loud, aloud
luidop	d		out loud, aloud
onderzoeksteam	n	het · mv. onderzoeksteams	research team
oogwenk	n	de · mv. oogwenken	eyewink; short moment, eyewink
inroetsjen	v	roetsjte in – ingeroetsjt	to rapidly glide or slide into
roetsjen	v	roetsjte – geroetsjt	to rapidly glide or slide
opspatten	v	spatte op – opgespat	to disperse and be projected in droplets; to spatter, to splash, to scatter…
ankeroog	n	het · mv. ankerogen	ring by means of which an anchor is attached to a rode
theïstisch	a		theistic
atheïstisch	a		atheistic
deïstisch	a		deistic
theïst	n	de · mv. theïsten	theist
deïst	n	de · mv. deïsten	deist
aflossen	v	loste af – afgelost	to relieve, to free from a position or post (e.g. by taking someone's place); to redeem, to pay off
bijensterfte	n	de · mv. bijensterften	mass death of bees
dronkemansmoed	n	de	Dutch courage
dronkenman	n	de · mv. dronkenmannen	male drunk, drunkard
Zeloot	n	de · mv. Zeloten	zealot (anti-Roman Jewish insurrectionist in first-century Palestine,…
zeloot	n	de · mv. zeloten	zealot, fanatic
bijenmelk	n	de/het	royal jelly
koninginnebrij	n	de	royal jelly
Stoker	m		a surname
aanspeling	n	de · mv. aanspelingen	synonym of toespeling
aanspelen	v	speelde aan – aangespeeld	to pass (the ball) to; to target, to hit (a ball)
bewelkomen	v	bewelkomde – bewelkomd	to welcome
boekenvriendin	n	de · mv. boekenvriendinnen	female bibliophile
bibliofiel	n	de · mv. bibliofielen	bibliophile
bibliofiel	a		bibliophilic, pertaining to bibliophilia or bibliophiles
Roden	m		a village and former municipality of Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Wessel	m		a hamlet in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wessels	m		a surname
bibliofilistisch	a		bibliophilic
aansteking	n	de · mv. aanstekingen	infecting, infection, the action of infecting someone with a contagious disease
Koster	m		a surname originating as an occupation
aanstampen	v	stampte aan – aangestampt	to tamp; especially, to stamp/stomp (on soil or a granular fluid) to make it…
godloochening	n	de · mv. godloocheningen	denial or rejection of the existence of any deities, atheism
dolgraag	d		very gladly, eagerly
fopletter	n	de · mv. fopletters	a letter that shifts the preceding vowel sound so that it deviates from its…
boekenvriendschap	n	de	bibliophilia
kanonnenvlees	n	het	cannonfodder
kanonnenvoer	n	het	cannonfodder
scheepskanon	n	het · mv. scheepskanonnen	naval cannon, cannon on board of a ship
wederliefde	n	de · mv. wederliefden	love in return, responsive love
boekenliefde	n	de	bibliophilia
boekenliefhebber	n	de · mv. boekenliefhebbers	bibliophile
boekenliefhebberij	n	de	bibliophilia
bezondigen	v	bezondigde – bezondigd	to commit a misdeed, to commit a sin, to transgress
bewustenis	n	de	conscience
bewenen	v	beweende – beweend	to cry about, to bewail
dwangburcht	n	de · mv. dwangburchten	citadel built to press an area into obedience
afknijpen	v	kneep af – afgeknepen	to squeeze shut; to pinch off dried-out flowers; to shake or squeeze the penis after urination
dolgaarne	d		very gladly, eagerly
plaagletter	n	de · mv. plaagletters	a letter that shifts the preceding vowel sound so that it deviates from its…
warhoofd	n	het · mv. warhoofden	scatterbrain
wargeest	n	de · mv. wargeesten	scatterbrain
Gelre	m		Guelders (a historical duchy in the Low Countries)
wervelstroom	n	de · mv. wervelstromen	eddy current
overklassen	v	overklaste – overklast	to outclass
haarborstel	n	de · mv. haarborstels	hairbrush
Wold	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
sekssymbool	n	het · mv. sekssymbolen	sex symbol
verhaallijn	n	de · mv. verhaallijnen	storyline
stuntteam	n	het · mv. stuntteams	a crew of stunt performers that execute an action sequence for a film or any…
feminicide	n	de · mv. feminicides	femicide
vrouwenmoord	n	de · mv. vrouwenmoorden	femicide
machocultuur	n	de · mv. machoculturen	a culture characterized by machismo
heinde	d		closeby
poeldraak	n	de · mv. poeldraken	hell dragon, infernal dragon, hydra; infernally evil person
beregeil	a		incredibly sexy, incredibly horny
appelzalf	n	de · mv. appelzalven	a red cosmetic ointment based on mercury oxide
andermaal	d		once again, for the second time
boomrijk	a		wooded, having many trees
bonten	a		fur (consisting or made of fur)
bontheid	n	de	quality of being multi-coloured
armstoel	n	de · mv. armstoelen	armchair (chair with armrests)
loeihard	a		extremely loud, deafening; very hard, with a lot of force or vigour
approximatie	n	de · mv. approximaties	approximation
bezwangeren	v	bezwangerde – bezwangerd	to impregnate, to make pregnant
brandslang	n	de · mv. brandslangen	fire hose
bomschuit	n	de · mv. bomschuiten	flat-bottomed marine fishing boat
afmolmen	v	molmde af – afgemolmd	to weather, to crumble, to decay
afkerig	a		loath, having an aversion
Cool	m		a male given name; a neighbourhood and former municipality of Centrum borough, Rotterdam, South…
Cools	m		a surname, Cools, originating as a patronymic
Nieman	m		a surname
startpijn	n	de · mv. startpijnen	joint pain that occurs after a period of rest or inactivity and wears off…
groeipijn	n	de · mv. groeipijnen	growing pains
passievruchtensap	n	het · mv. passievruchtensappen	passion fruit juice
Medel	m		a hamlet in Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wolters	m		a surname
Swart	m		a surname
foertstem	n	de · mv. foertstemmen	protest vote
proteststem	n	de · mv. proteststemmen	protest vote (vote cast in order to express dissatisfaction)
genster	n	de · mv. gensters	spark
narratief	a		narrative
narratief	n	het · mv. narratieven	the systematic recitation of an event or series of events; a narrative; that which is narrated
inlooppijn	n	de · mv. inlooppijnen	joint pain that occurs after a period of rest or inactivity and wears off…
misdoen	v	misdeed – misdaan	to misdo, to do wrong
vuurkorf	n	de · mv. vuurkorven	fire basket, fire box (container made of metal grills for outdoor fires)
hemelbestormer	n	de · mv. hemelbestormers	idealist, iconoclast; Titan
aliëneren	v	aliëneerde – gealiëneerd	to transfer, to sell or donate
bergkristal	n	het · mv. bergkristallen	rock crystal (clear, colourless form of quartz)
berggod	n	de · mv. berggoden	mountain god
berggodin	n	de · mv. berggodinnen	mountain goddess
nutsbank	n	de · mv. nutsbanken	utility bank
beverharen	a		made of beaver fur
bijbelwetenschap	n	de · mv. bijbelwetenschappen	Biblical studies
Bijbel	m		the Bible
aannaaien	v	naaide aan – aangenaaid	to sew on
aanklampen	v	klampte aan – aangeklampt	to accost; to approach and address, usually in an unpleasant fashion
kantoortuin	n	de · mv. kantoortuinen	office landscape
zeehaven	n	de · mv. zeehavens	seaport
programmatuur	n	de · mv. programmaturen	software
internettrol	n	de · mv. internettrollen	internet troll
bijbelneuker	n	de · mv. bijbelneukers	Bible thumper
Rhee	m		a hamlet in Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Borst	m		a surname
Croy	m		a hamlet in Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
hogepriesteres	n	de · mv. hogepriesteressen	high priestess
Vineyard	m		a neighbourhood of Sint Maarten
Muis	m		a surname
Loo	m		a village in Duiven, Gelderland, Netherlands; a village in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Loos	m		a surname
Benning	m		a neighbourhood of Ouder-Amstel, North Holland, Netherlands
Roemer	m		a surname
Hoekstra	m		a surname
etablissement	n	het · mv. etablissementen	a hotel or catering business, in particular a café or restaurant
vertier	n	het	entertainment, amusement
driekantig	a		triangular
tuinkamer	n	de · mv. tuinkamers	conservatory room
wereldverbeteraar	n	de · mv. wereldverbeteraars	social reformer; do-gooder
boerenplaats	n	de · mv. boerenplaatsen	farm
Amersfoort	m		Amersfoort (a city and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands)
puberaal	a		pertaining to puberty; pubescent, pubertal; resembling teenage behaviour
Huizen	m		a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
terugpakken	v	pakte terug – teruggepakt	to take back; to get back; to avenge
curatorium	n	het · mv. curatoria	board of curators
riksja	n	de · mv. riksja's	rickshaw (light, two-wheeled or three-wheeled human-powered carriage)
fietsriksja	n	de · mv. fietsriksja's	bicycle rickshaw
fietstaxi	n	de · mv. fietstaxi's	velotaxi, pedicab
lijkenveld	n	het · mv. lijkenvelden	field littered with corpses
lijkenpikker	n	de · mv. lijkenpikkers	someone who benefits from others' misery; someone who makes a living from funerals or tending to the dead in any other way
dieselgate	m		Dieselgate: The Volkswagen emissions scandal about diesel vehicles, often…
waakvlam	n	de · mv. waakvlammen	pilot light, pilot flame
vlammetje	n	het · mv. vlammetjes	a small, deep-fried egg roll containing spicy mince
moderniteit	n	de · mv. moderniteiten	modernity
leermening	n	de · mv. leermeningen	tenet, doctrine, doctrinal opinion
paardenvijg	n	de · mv. paardenvijgen	piece of horse dung ; horse dropping
Bakker	m		a surname originating as an occupation, meaning baker
Scholten	m		a surname
geometrisch	a		geometric
raarling	n	de · mv. raarlingen	screwball, odd person
aanklaging	n	de · mv. aanklagingen	action of accusing, indiction
aankondiger	n	de · mv. aankondigers	an announcer, someone who announces
bijwoning	n	de · mv. bijwoningen	attendance; cohabitation; an additional, secondary or annex residence
Balk	m		a village and former municipality of De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Wilbert	m		a male given name
Esch	m		a village and former municipality of Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Smit	m		a surname originating as an occupation, equivalent to Smith in English
Smits	m		a surname
aanhaling	n	de · mv. aanhalingen	quote, citation; act of petting (an animal)
confiscatie	n	de · mv. confiscaties	confiscation
bergplaats	n	de · mv. bergplaatsen	storage location
ruimtekromme	n	de · mv. ruimtekrommen	three-dimensional or any multidimensional line (including curves); a space curve
unster	n	de · mv. unsters	steelyard (balance, scale); spring balance
arcadehal	n	de · mv. arcadehallen	arcade (place where coin-operated games can be played)
bouwman	n	de · mv. bouwmannen	farmer; construction worker, builder, workman
tijdstempel	n	de · mv. tijdstempels	timestamp
tijdsverschil	n	het · mv. tijdsverschillen	time difference
Timmer	m		a surname, Timmer, originating as an occupation, equivalent to English Carpenter
imperiaal	a		imperial
imperiaal	n	het · mv. imperialen	roof rack
iatrogeen	a		iatrogenic
ideeëloos	a		idealess
Schermerhorn	m		a village and former municipality of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Barrier	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Haring	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schipper	m		a surname
Schippers	m		a surname
alfanumeriek	a		alphanumeric
iconografisch	a		iconographic
gijzelsoftware	n	de	ransomware
ululeren	v	ululeerde – geüluleerd	to ululate
blokkeringsminderheid	n	de · mv. blokkeringsminderheden	a minority with the power to delay or stop a decision made by the majority;…
haringwormziekte	n	de · mv. haringwormziekten	anisakiasis
haringworm	n	de · mv. haringwormen	a roundworm of the genus Anisakis
deuvel	n	de · mv. deuvels	wooden dowel, small wooden peg in woodworking used for connecting pieces of wood
onweersbeestje	n	het · mv. onweersbeestjes	thrips, thunderbug
broodschrijver	n	de · mv. broodschrijvers	author who writes for a living, often implied to have little regard for…
broodschrijfster	n	de · mv. broodschrijfsters	female author who writes for a living, often implied to have little regard…
breinloos	a		brainless, emptyheaded; mindless, stupid
breinaald	n	de · mv. breinaalden	knitting needle
afbeitelen	v	beitelde af – afgebeiteld	to chisel off
beitelen	v	beitelde – gebeiteld	to chisel
gasveld	n	het · mv. gasvelden	gas field
olieveld	n	het · mv. olievelden	oil field
hersenloos	a		brainless
oorlogstrom	n	de · mv. oorlogstrommen	war drum
grindig	a		scabby, mangy; gravelly, pebbly
standaardtaal	n	de · mv. standaardtalen	standard language
spaanderplaat	n	de · mv. spaanderplaten	particleboard, chipboard
schraapzucht	n	de · mv. schraapzuchten	greed
landouw	n	de · mv. landouwen	fertile rustic, agricultural region
zorgmijder	n	de · mv. zorgmijders	treatment-avoidant patient or person, someone who deliberately or…
onttijgen	v	onttoog – onttogen	to pull away; to escape, to go away
burgerregering	n	de · mv. burgerregeringen	civilian government (government without formal ties to the military and not…
achtermiddag	n	de · mv. achtermiddagen	late afternoon; afternoon (period between noon and 6 PM)
baarlid	n	het · mv. baarleden	vulva
afdragen	v	droeg af – afgedragen	to carry off, to take away; to contribute, to pay
achterland	n	het · mv. achterlanden	hinterland (area around or serviced by a port); hinterland (rural region surrounding a city); hinterland (inland region next to a coast)
bakerhaai	n	de · mv. bakerhaaien	wobbegong, any shark of the Orectolobidae
chaloets	n	de · mv. chaloetsiem	halutz, early labour Zionist pioneer in British Palestine
adderbeet	n	de · mv. adderbeten	viper bite
brouwhuis	n	het · mv. brouwhuizen	brewery
bruidsbed	n	het · mv. bruidsbedden	marriage bed, nuptial bed
bruiloftsbed	n	het · mv. bruiloftsbedden	marriage bed, nuptial bed
broodtrommel	n	de · mv. broodtrommels	lunchbox
suikerbrood	n	het · mv. suikerbroden	a type of Frisian luxury whitebread with pieces of sugar mixed into the dough
broodsuiker	n	de · mv. broodsuikers	white sugar (white refined sugar)
afschrift	n	het · mv. afschriften	copy, print (printed extract or replication)
planeconomie	n	de · mv. planeconomieën	planned economy
rechtsorde	n	de · mv. rechtsorden	legal order
afraspen	v	raspte af – afgeraspt	to grate off
Heymans	m		a surname, Heymans
Drost	m		an island of North Holland, Netherlands; a surname originating as an occupation; a surname from German, variant of Droste
Borchert	m		a neighbourhood of Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
sneeuwband	n	de · mv. sneeuwbanden	snow tire (soft-rubber winter tire)
buurvrijer	n	de · mv. buurvrijers	male neighbour who is a bachelor
bushuis	n	het · mv. bushuizen	arms depot, arsenal (depot for firearms)
lijkwit	a		extremely pale (of facial colour and skin colour)
bloedzweer	n	de · mv. bloedzweren	carbuncle (type of purulent ulcer)
bloedzuster	n	de · mv. bloedzusters	blood sister (sister to whom one is related); blood sister (intimate female friend, as if an adopted sister)
archivaris	n	de · mv. archivarissen	archivist
archivarius	n	de · mv. archivarii	archivist
lettervrucht	n	de · mv. lettervruchten	literary work
pennenvrucht	n	de · mv. pennenvruchten	literary work
voorvocht	n	het	pre-ejaculate, Cowper's fluid
bermprostitutie	n	de	roadside prostitution (prostitution that is advertised on the side of…
brouwsel	n	het · mv. brouwsels	concoction, brewage
ophaalbrug	n	de · mv. ophaalbruggen	drawbridge; specifically, a type of drawbridge that uses a counterweight above the…
breiklos	n	de · mv. breiklossen	knitting bobbin
breedspraak	n	de	extensiveness in language
bijenvolk	n	het · mv. bijenvolken	bee colony
Witten	m		a hamlet in Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Holl	m		a surname, variant of Holle
Vreeland	m		a city and former municipality of Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Beier	n	de · mv. Beieren	a Bavarian
Bruggeman	m		a surname originating as an occupation
stemgerechtigde	n	de · mv. stemgerechtigden	voter
Terpstra	m		a surname from West Frisian
Borger	m		a village and former municipality of Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands; a surname
Borgers	m		a surname
golfpapier	n	het	corrugated paper
bijenkolonie	n	de · mv. bijenkolonies	bee colony
reuze	a		fantastic, great, awesome
bijgelovigheid	n	de · mv. bijgelovigheden	superstition (superstitious belief); superstition (tendency to be superstitious)
speruur	n	het · mv. speruren	curfew; curfew hour
boevenklok	n	de · mv. boevenklokken	curfew bell (indicating when establishments had to close and when it was…
baarblijkelijk	d		clearly, evidently
baarblijkelijk	a		clear, evident
asgrauw	a		ash-grey
bussel	n	de · mv. bussels	sheaf, bundle, package
busselen	v	busselde – gebusseld	to wrap into a bundle
burgervoogd	n	de · mv. burgervoogden	mayor
hemelvuur	n	het · mv. hemelvuren	lightning
schreeuwerig	a		shouty, screamy (characterised by or prone to screaming); loud, brash, gaudy
aflikken	v	likte af – afgelikt	to lick off (to remove by licking); to lick off (to clean by licking)
schaduwkabinet	n	het · mv. schaduwkabinetten	shadow cabinet
aankaarten	v	kaartte aan – aangekaart	to broach, to raise (a subject), to bring up for discussion
vervaren	v	vervoer – vervaren	to transport by sailing; to fear, to be afraid; to scare, to make afraid
afgrazen	v	graasde af – afgegraasd	to graze down (to remove vegetation or to reduce its height by grazing)
bruidsjurk	n	de · mv. bruidsjurken	wedding dress
Bangert	m		a hamlet in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
utilisme	n	het	utilitarianism
Brugger	m		a Dutch surname
Brugger	a		of or relating to Brugge
Neer	m		a village and former municipality of Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Landman	m		a surname originating as an occupation
Postma	m		a surname
kroost	n	het	offspring, brood
Austerlitz	m		a village in Zeist, Utrecht, Netherlands
precariaat	n	het	precariat
broodroof	n	de	denial of making a livelihood (e.g. by unfair competition or forced…
broodroven	v	broodroofde – gebroodroofd	to deny a livelihood, to make it impossible to make ends meet
hangbrug	n	de · mv. hangbruggen	suspension bridge
importbruidegom	n	de · mv. importbruidegommen	mail-order bridegroom
importbruid	n	de · mv. importbruiden	mail-order bride
benedenbuur	n	de · mv. benedenburen	downstairs neighbour
onderbuur	n	de · mv. onderburen	downstairs neighbour
bovenbuur	n	de · mv. bovenburen	upstairs neighbour
bovenop	d		on top, above; in addition, over and above
bovenop	p		on top of
braadspit	n	het · mv. braadspitten	skewer, roasting spit
boterberg	n	de · mv. boterbergen	butter mountain (surplus of butter)
afwoekeren	v	woekerde af – afgewoekerd	to set apart and dedicate to a specific purpose (often implying considerable…; to defraud, to scam
altaarstuk	n	het · mv. altaarstukken	altarpiece
aangooien	v	gooide aan – aangegooid	to throw (to)
kabaleren	v	kabaleerde – gekabaleerd	to conspire, to cabal
buurthuis	n	het · mv. buurthuizen	community centre
burgerpartij	n	de · mv. burgerpartijen	middle-class and/or upper-class ("burgeois") political party
burgerluchtvaart	n	de	civilian aviation, civilian air travel
aardslak	n	de · mv. aardslakken	keelback slug, any slug of the Limacidae
koekjessnijder	n	de · mv. koekjessnijders	biscuit cutter, cookie cutter; cookiecutter shark (Isistius brasiliensis)
wijnhuis	n	het · mv. wijnhuizen	tavern or café that mostly serves wine
schelmenliteratuur	n	de	trickster literature (genre of literature fictionalizing the doings of…
volkstaal	n	de · mv. volkstalen	vernacular (vernacular language)
slagerij	n	de · mv. slagerijen	butcher's shop
verduurzaming	n	de · mv. verduurzamingen	the process of becoming more sustainable; a policy for increasing sustainability
afkoker	n	de · mv. afkokers	a floury potato suitable for mashed potato dishes
Jaco	m		a male given name
vrouwenhater	n	de · mv. vrouwenhaters	misogynist
aanerven	v	erfde aan – aangeërfd	to inherit (to gain in inheritance)
bedremmelen	v	bedremmelde – bedremmeld	to embarrass, to make shy or compliant, to intimidate
holografisch	a		holographic
biervlieg	n	de · mv. biervliegen	someone who regularly gets drunk on beer
tuinboon	n	de · mv. tuinbonen	broad bean (Vicia faba, plant and the bean it yields)
Wilmer	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Wilmer
Mun	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Riel	m		a village in Goirle, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Loman	m		a surname
Geren	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Albers	m		a surname originating as a patronymic
glibberen	v	glibberde – geglibberd	to slither, to slip
humanistisch	a		humanistic
wegschrijven	v	schreef weg – weggeschreven	to write data to long-term storage (e.g. a hard disk)
hydraulisch	a		hydraulic
idyllisch	a		idyllic
groenblauw	n	het · mv. groenblauwen	the colour teal, greenish blue
groenblauw	a		teal, teal-colored; pertaining to both terrestrial (green) and aquatic (blue) ecology or nature
meerjarig	a		perennial (lasting actively throughout the year, or all the time); perennial (having a life cycle of more than two years)
rechtelijk	a		legal, constitutional
interventionistisch	a		interventionist
Hofman	m		a surname
Groen	m		a surname
Holte	m		a hamlet in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Bergh	m		a former municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands
Walraven	m		a surname
Gerner	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
luguber	a		macabre, gloomy and scary
eschatologische	a		eschatologisch
irrigeren	v	irrigeerde – geïrrigeerd	to irrigate
Mook	m		a village in Mook en Middelaar, Limburg, Netherlands
Hallum	m		a village and former municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Vermeulen	m		a surname
Hild	m		a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Mertens	m		a surname
Scheffer	m		a surname, Scheffer, from German
Lemmer	m		a village and former municipality of De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Blaker	m		a hamlet in Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
bisam	n	de · mv. bisams	synonym of muskusrat (“muskrat (Ondatra zibethicus)”); the fur of the muskrat; the musk of the muskrat
menukaart	n	de · mv. menukaarten	menu card
goudbruin	a		golden brown
Venne	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
verantwoording	n	de · mv. verantwoordingen	accountability
Romanes	n	het	Romani, the language of the Gypsies
Basse	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Gewande	m		a hamlet in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
waskom	n	de · mv. waskommen	washbasin
vergroenen	v	vergroende – vergroend	to green, to become or make more sustainable; to green (colour), to make or to become green
windpark	n	het · mv. windparken	wind farm (array of wind turbines)
spenderen	v	spendeerde – gespendeerd	to spend (of money); to spend (of time)
apertuur	n	de · mv. aperturen	aperture
stadsvernieuwing	n	de · mv. stadsvernieuwingen	urban renewal
verstekeling	n	de · mv. verstekelingen	stowaway
teruggrijpen	v	greep terug – teruggegrepen	to fall back, to rely; to grab back, to retrieve by grabbing
breedsprakig	a		elaborate and extensive in language, verbose
vierwieler	n	de · mv. vierwielers	four-wheeler, four-wheeled vehicle
buurkind	n	het · mv. buurkinderen	neighbour child, neighbouring child (child who is a neighbour)
aandelenmarkt	n	de · mv. aandelenmarkten	stock market
afzetmarkt	n	de · mv. afzetmarkten	sales market
burgerklasse	n	de · mv. burgerklassen	bourgeoisie
brandspiegel	n	de · mv. brandspiegels	concave mirror
herstelbetaling	n	de · mv. herstelbetalingen	reparation (imposed payment for presumed transgressions)
Belair	m		a neighbourhood of Sint Maarten
Wolbert	m		a hamlet in Heerde, Gelderland, Netherlands
Spier	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Witman	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Spang	m		a hamlet in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands
Veenstra	m		a surname
Huisman	m		a surname
Suri	n	de · mv. Suri's	Surinamer (person from Suriname)
wijnrood	n	het · mv. wijnroden	the color of red wine
wijnrood	a		having the color of red wine
rozerood	a		flesh-colored
rozenrood	a		rose-red, having the color of a red rose
robijnrood	a		ruby (color/colour)
robijnen	a		made of ruby; ruby (color/colour)
luisterboek	n	het · mv. luisterboeken	audiobook
bordeauxrood	a		maroon, burgundy (color/colour)
divisie	n	de · mv. divisies	a large military unit, usually with over 15,000 soldiers and divided into…; a section of a company; a part of a sports competition
bloedrood	a		blood-red
paarsrood	a		purplish red
koraalrood	a		coral (color/colour)
kersrood	a		cherry red
kersenrood	a		cherry red
eurofederalisme	n	het	Eurofederalism
federalisme	n	het	federalism
federaal	a		federal
hiërarchisch	a		hierarchical
roodkop	n	de · mv. roodkoppen	synonym of tafeleend (“common pochard (Aythya ferina)”)
tafeleend	n	de · mv. tafeleenden	common pochard (Aythya ferina)
zuwe	n	de · mv. zuwes	a pathway through marshland
toeven	v	toefde – getoefd	to remain somewhere; to linger, stay
schaduwbank	n	de · mv. schaduwbanken	shadow bank
busdrager	n	de · mv. busdragers	rifleman (someone armed with a rifle or other firearm)
burgerscheepvaart	n	de	civilian navigation, civilian shipping
Spoor	m		a surname
botergeel	a		butter-colored
honinggeel	a		honey (color/colour)
goudgeel	a		golden, having the color of gold
maisgeel	a		having the color of corn/maize
strogeel	a		straw-colored
mosterdgeel	a		mustard (color/colour)
zandgeel	a		sandy, sand-colored
saffraangeel	a		saffron (color/colour)
cadmiumgeel	a		cadmium yellow
cadmiumgeel	n	het	a cadmium yellow colour or dye
Joppe	m		a village in Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
settelen	v	settelde – gesetteld	to settle
Afro-Aziatisch	a		Afroasiatic; Afro-Asian, pertaining to Asia and Africa
Algisch	a		Algic
Algonkisch	a		Algonquian
Altaïsch	a		Altaic (pertaining to the Altai Mountains); Altaic (pertaining to the formerly accepted Altaic language family)
Altaïsch	m		the Altaic language family, a classification now generally rejected but…
Athabaskisch	a		Athabascan (pertaining to a groups of native peoples in western North…
Austroaziatisch	a		Austroasiatic
Austroaziatisch	m		the Austroasiatic family of languages
Balto-Slavisch	a		Balto-Slavic
Balto-Slavisch	m		Balto-Slavic
Bantoïde	a		Bantoid
Brythonisch	a		Brythonic, Brittonic
Dravidisch	a		Dravidian (pertaining to the Dravidian languages)
Dravidisch	m		Dravidian, the family of the Dravidian languages
Oost-Germaans	a		East Germanic
Oost-Slavisch	a		East Slavic
Eskimo-Aleoetisch	a		Eskimo-Aleut
Eskimo-Aleoetisch	m		the Eskimo-Aleut language family
Goidelisch	a		Goidelic
Hurro-Urartisch	a		Hurro-Urartian
Indo-Arisch	a		Indo-Aryan, Indic
Indo-Arisch	m		the Indo-Aryan language family
Indo-Iraans	a		Indo-Iranian
Indo-Oeraals	a		Indo-Uralic
Irokees	a		Iroquoian
Italisch	a		Italic
Kartveels	a		Kartvelian
Malayo-Polynesisch	a		Malayo-Polynesian
Nilo-Saharaans	a		Nilo-Saharan
Noord-Germaans	a		North Germanic
Noordwest-Germaans	a		Northwest Germanic
Permisch	a		Permic
Samisch	a		Sami
Samojeeds	a		Samoyedic
Sino-Tibetaans	a		Sino-Tibetan
Zuid-Slavisch	a		South Slavic
Toengoezisch	a		Tungusic
Oegrisch	a		Ugric
Oeral-Altaïsch	a		Ural-Altaic
Oeraals	a		Uralic
Uto-Azteeks	a		Uto-Aztecan
Vasconisch	a		Vasconic
West-Germaans	a		West Germanic
West-Slavisch	a		West Slavic
Jenisejisch	a		Yeniseian
sportschoen	n	de · mv. sportschoenen	athletic shoe, sneaker, runner
gymschoen	n	de · mv. gymschoenen	athletic shoe, sneaker, runner
magmatisch	a		magmatic
busstation	n	het · mv. busstations	bus station
materialistisch	a		materialistic
koppigaard	n	de · mv. koppigaards	stubborn person, mule
bancair	a		pertaining to banking, pertaining to banks
marionettenproces	n	het · mv. marionettenprocessen	show trial
marionet	n	de · mv. marionetten	puppet (doll with movable parts operated with strings or rods)
concurrentiekracht	n	de · mv. concurrentiekrachten	competitiveness
ontslagrecht	n	het · mv. ontslagrechten	dismissal law, termination law
buksboom	n	de · mv. buksbomen	box, box tree (any tree of the genus Buxus)
buitenkans	n	de · mv. buitenkansen	golden opportunity
maanlandschap	n	het · mv. maanlandschappen	lunar landscape, moonscape
dikkopje	n	het · mv. dikkopjes	tadpole; skipper (butterfly of the family Hesperiidae); sandgoby (Pomatoschistus minutus)
misogyn	a		misogynistic, misogynist, misogynic, misogynous
misogyn	n	de · mv. misogynen	misogynist
zwerfkat	n	de · mv. zwerfkatten	stray cat, alley cat
zwerfhond	n	de · mv. zwerfhonden	stray dog
aanwassen	v	wies aan – aangewassen	to wax, to grow, to increase (to undergo growth); to grow back, to regrow
fetisj	n	de · mv. fetisjen	fetish, an object with supernatural powers, like a talisman or totem; fetish, something subject to paraphilia
afborstelen	v	borstelde af – afgeborsteld	to brush off, to brush (to remove or clean by means of a brush)
schijnproces	n	het · mv. schijnprocessen	show trial
burgwal	n	de · mv. burgwallen	defensive wall in a city; a city wall or citadel wall
halfbakken	a		half-baked (not fully baked); half-baked (insufficient)
bloembol	n	de · mv. bloembollen	flower bulb
bloembollenveld	n	het · mv. bloembollenvelden	a field used for the cultivation of bulb flowers; a bulb flower field
bevrachten	v	bevrachtte – bevracht	to load, to burden
halachisch	a		halakhic
monastisch	a		monastic
monolithisch	a		monolithic, made from one rock or stone; monolithic, with little variety; monolithic, with little dissent
chargeren	v	chargeerde – gechargeerd	to charge, to attack; to exaggerate
mystisch	a		mystic, mystical
mythisch	a		mythical, mythic
bovengoed	n	het · mv. bovengoederen	topmost tobacco leaves of the tobacco plant or tobacco made of those leaves; outer clothing, upper dres, clothes worn over one's underwear
fetisjeur	n	de · mv. fetisjeurs	sorcerer who uses fetishes, shaman
bergamotboom	n	de · mv. bergamotbomen	bergamot tree
nautisch	a		nautical
paradigmatisch	a		paradigmatic, paradigmatical
paralympisch	a		paralympic
parasitisch	a		parasitic
paternalistisch	a		paternalistic
penibel	a		precarious, dangerous; painstaking, difficult
houdbaarheid	n	de	tenability; shelf life
Koning	m		a surname
Ell	m		a village in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
pneumatisch	a		pneumatic
plebejisch	a		plebeian (of the plebs, of the common people)
pluralistisch	a		pluralist, pluralistic
verbidden	v	verbad – verbeden	to persuade (by begging, prayer)
smeedblok	n	het · mv. smeedblokken	anvil
alvermogen	n	het · mv. alvermogens	omnipotence
jammervol	a		sorrowful, lamentable
mozaïsch	a		Mosaic
bergvesting	n	de · mv. bergvestingen	mountain stronghold, mountain fort
bijfiguur	n	de/het · mv. bijfiguren	minor or secondary character in a story
Lichtenberg	m		a hamlet in Rijssen-Holten, Overijssel, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
welles	i		used to contradict a negative assertion
Rott	m		a hamlet in Vaals, Limburg, Netherlands
afbellen	v	belde af – afgebeld	to cancel / call off by telephone; to call (a set of phone numbers)
Kroon	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
propagandistisch	a		propagandistic, propagandist
prosodisch	a		prosodic
puristisch	a		purist
superioriteitscomplex	n	het · mv. superioriteitscomplexen	superiority complex
superioriteit	n	de · mv. superioriteiten	superiority
Corle	m		a hamlet in Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
sabelmarter	n	de · mv. sabelmarters	sable (Martes zibellina)
vismarter	n	de · mv. vismarters	fisher (Pekania pennanti, syn. Martes pennanti)
sabeldier	n	het · mv. sabeldieren	sable (Martes zibellina)
penoze	n	de	underworld
reformatorisch	a		pertaining to ultra-orthodox Reformed Protestantism; Reformed
steriliteit	n	de · mv. steriliteiten	sterility
routepunt	n	het · mv. routepunten	waypoint
tussenpunt	n	het · mv. tussenpunten	waypoint, midpoint
wegpunt	n	het · mv. wegpunten	waypoint
gerimpeld	a		wrinkled, pursy, shrivelled
voorleggen	v	legde voor – voorgelegd	to submit; to produce
salafistisch	a		Salafistic, Salafi
bijgoochem	n	de · mv. bijgoochems	know-all, know-it-all, smart aleck
kortschrift	n	het · mv. kortschriften	shorthand, stenography
snelschrift	n	het · mv. snelschriften	shorthand, stenography; pamphlet
Schouten	m		a surname
Hout	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
wildplukken	v	plukte wild – wildgeplukt	to gather wild vegetables and fruits from nature
wildplassen	v	plaste wild – wildgeplast	to urinate in a public space outside of regular toilet facilities
leesvoer	n	het	reading matter, reading material; inferior reading material, literary pulp
Keppel	m		a former municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands
Arents	m		a surname
Zwart	m		a surname
Zwarts	m		a surname
Primavera	m		a neighbourhood of Oranjestad, Aruba
Morra	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Lengel	m		a village in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
vrijemarktkapitalisme	n	het	free market capitalism (type of capitalism with sufficient anti-trust…
mejuffrouw	n	de · mv. mejuffrouwen	unmarried woman; female primary school teacher
torpederen	v	torpedeerde – getorpedeerd	to torpedo, to attack with a torpedo; to shoot down, to forcefully criticise or attack
bammetje	n	het · mv. bammetjes	sandwich
pakkans	n	de · mv. pakkansen	probability of apprehension; probability of arresting the criminal guilty of…
Hegge	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Merk	m		Marck (a city in Pas-de-Calais department, France)
Schoener	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Droste	m		a surname from German; a surname originating as an occupation, variant of Drost
Harmsen	m		a surname
Bleeker	m		Bleeker: a surname
Melick	m		a village in Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
schellak	n	de/het · mv. schellakken	shellac
politoeren	v	politoerde – gepolitoerd	to varnish with French polish
draf	n	de	trot, jog (gait of horses and certain other quadrupeds); dregs of grains from brewing or refining
stomerij	n	de · mv. stomerijen	dry cleaner
droogkuis	n	de	dry cleaner
exploderen	v	explodeerde – geëxplodeerd	to explode
vliegenzwam	n	de · mv. vliegenzwammen	amanita (any mushroom of the genus Amanita); fly agaric (Amanita muscaria)
Ewer	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Vermeer	m		a surname
Bankert	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
zijtak	n	de · mv. zijtakken	a branch originating from a larger part of a tree; an offshoot of a river; ramification, offshoot, spur (something that derives from another)
Haren	m		a village and former municipality of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a village in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
soezen	v	soesde – gesoesd	to doze, to drowse, to nap
Warns	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Henk	m		a male given name
openlucht	n	de	outdoor
Hem	m		a village in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
etagère	n	de · mv. etagères	etagere (piece of furniture with shelves for display); etagere (piece of serving tableware consisting of multiple vertically…
Hert	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Versteeg	m		a surname
geschreeuw	n	het	clamor (great outcry or vociferation); holler (any communication to get somebody's attention); din (loud noise)
Helling	m		a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
sneven	v	sneefde – gesneefd	to die in battle; to perish, cease to exist
Rademaker	m		a surname
Rademakers	m		a surname
Sterk	m		a surname
vertrappen	v	vertrapte – vertrapt	to tread, to trample; to humiliate
bakkenist	n	de · mv. bakkenisten	sidecar passenger
zijspan	n	de/het · mv. zijspannen	sidecar
bruiker	n	de · mv. bruikers	tenant farmer
eendenkuiken	n	het · mv. eendenkuikens	duckling (juvenile duck)
vinvis	n	de · mv. vinvissen	any cetacean of the family Balaenopteridae, rorqual; the fin whale (Balaenoptera physalus)
bordeelbrok	n	de · mv. bordeelbrokken	punter, john (male client of a prostitute)
hoerenloper	n	de · mv. hoerenlopers	jockey, john (client of a prostitute)
hoerenhengst	n	de · mv. hoerenhengsten	prostitute's client
afkaatsen	v	kaatste af – afgekaatst	to rebound, to deflect, to ricochet
afketsen	v	ketste af – afgeketst	to rebound, to deflect, to ricochet
oervloed	n	de · mv. oervloeden	primordial waters, primordial deep
ademtocht	n	de · mv. ademtochten	breath, act of inhalation; airflow, breath of air
befaamd	a		famous, famed
boterkoek	n	de · mv. boterkoeken	a type of (usually) large, rather flat cake containing large amounts of butter
beurshandel	n	de · mv. beurshandels	exchange trading, stock trade
choepa	n	de · mv. choepot	chuppah, wedding canopy; chuppah, wedding ceremony
apostilleren	v	apostilleerde – geapostilleerd	to gloss, to write margin notes
andersgezind	a		dissident, dissenting, having a different mindset
Charo	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
zelfbeschikkingsrecht	n	het · mv. zelfbeschikkingsrechten	right to self-determination, e.g. with respect to nationality, labour,…
waarderationaliteit	n	de · mv. waarderationaliteiten	wertrationalität, intrinsic rationality
waarderationeel	a		wertrational, intrinsic rational
bewijsgrond	n	de · mv. bewijsgronden	argument
boezemdijk	n	de · mv. boezemdijken	dyke around a body of water used as a temporary reservoir for polder water…
alwetendheid	n	de · mv. alwetendheden	omniscience
ruilmiddel	n	het · mv. ruilmiddelen	currency, medium of exchange
lachspiegel	n	de · mv. lachspiegels	distorting mirror
cabaleur	n	de · mv. cabaleurs	conspirator, member of a cabal
Jelle	m		a male given name; a surname
Verbrugge	m		a surname
Wever	m		a surname
parttime	a		part-time (of an activity, such as a job, that takes less time than usually)
bijverdienste	n	de · mv. bijverdiensten	emolument (extra income)
onwetend	a		unaware, ignorant, unknowing nescient
herbruikbaar	a		reusable (able to be used again)
ijltempo	n	het	a great speed
afbedelen	v	bedelde af – afgebedeld	to beg (implying that something is acquired)
draven	v	draafde – gedraafd	to trot; to jog, to run fast
afsplitsing	n	de · mv. afsplitsingen	the act of branching off or seceding; offsplit, split (that which has been branched off); fork (splitting of a process)
dijkleger	n	het · mv. dijklegers	organisation of inspectors who patrol dikes at highwater or patrol duty…
allodiaal	a		allodial, inalienable (free, without feudal constraints)
bakslede	n	de · mv. baksleden	baking tray, oven tray; sled with a container for storing/delivering goods
badjas	n	de · mv. badjassen	bathrobe
avondschool	n	de · mv. avondscholen	night school, evening school
authenticeren	v	authenticeerde – geauthenticeerd	to authenticate
Minecraft	m		Minecraft (video game)
Plas	m		a surname
Graven	m		Grez-Doiceau, a town in Belgium
Capelle	m		a former municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Keizer	m		a surname
Paternoster	n	de/het · mv. Paternosters	Lord's Prayer
Bergum	m		a village and former municipality of Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
eenmalig	a		one-time, one-off (occurring only once)
afdanken	v	dankte af – afgedankt	to discard, to reject, to throw away; to fire (to terminate the employment of)
aankloten	v	klootte aan – aangekloot	to screw around, to faff about, to fuck around (to waste time with idle actions)
onderwerping	n	de · mv. onderwerpingen	submission; subjection; subjugation
duchten	v	duchtte – geducht	to fear
ballastscheeps	d		empty (used adverbially), carrying no cargo other than ballast
kegelen	v	kegelde – gekegeld	to play nine-pin bowling
Sutphin	m		a surname
Kok	m		a surname originating as an occupation, meaning cook
ondeelbaar	a		indivisible
voortvloeien	v	vloeide voort – voortgevloeid	to outflow, to flow; to result
Gaal	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kronenberg	m		a village in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Rutten	m		a village in Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands; a surname
verdergaan	v	ging verder – verdergegaan	to continue, to resume; to proceed, to go forward
Holten	m		a village and former municipality of Rijssen-Holten, Overijssel, Netherlands; a hamlet in Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Tholen	m		a city, municipality, and island of Zeeland, Netherlands
bebolwerken	v	bebolwerkte – bebolwerkt	to fortify, especially with bastions
rijweg	n	de · mv. rijwegen	road or portion of a road intended for use by (motorised) vehicles; roadway
boekenzucht	n	de	bibliomania
baktand	n	de · mv. baktanden	molar
stalinistisch	a		Stalinist
Hogeland	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
botsauto	n	de · mv. botsauto's	bumper car
edelachtbaar	a		a title to address judges; Your Honor
griffier	n	de · mv. griffiers	registrar, clerk of court
edelachtbare	n	de · mv. edelachtbaren	honourable one, Your Honour
ochtendstond	n	de · mv. ochtendstonden	break of day
morgenstond	n	de · mv. morgenstonden	the break of day
avondstond	n	de · mv. avondstonden	eventide
noenestond	n	de · mv. noenestonden	noon, midday
doodsstond	n	de · mv. doodsstonden	hour of death
schemerstond	n	de · mv. schemerstonden	twilight
middagstond	n	de · mv. middagstonden	midday
neerzijgen	v	zeeg neer – neergezegen	to slowly descend to a resting position, lie or sit down, settle down
vechtenstijd	n	de · mv. vechtenstijden	time to fight, hour of battle
slapenstijd	n	de · mv. slapenstijden	bedtime
herenhoeve	n	de · mv. herenhoeven	a large farmstead, especially one belonging to wealthy and aristocratic…
cultusplaats	n	de · mv. cultusplaatsen	a place of worship, usually a non-Abrahamic cultic site
herinneringsplaats	n	de · mv. herinneringsplaatsen	a place of memory or lieu de mémoire, that is, a space with particular…
eutrofiëring	n	de · mv. eutrofiëringen	eutrophication
griend	n	de · mv. grienden	long-finned pilot whale (Globicephala melas); pilot whale, blackfish; any delphinid of the genus Globicephala
Baars	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Slavonië	m		Slavonia
Medler	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kroaat	m		Croat (person)
Anjum	m		a village and former municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Vink	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands; a surname
Viel	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Wiggers	m		a surname
aanvertrouwen	v	vertrouwde aan – aanvertrouwd	to entrust
benaaien	v	benaaide – benaaid	to sew onto
stief	n	het · mv. stiefen	eraser, rubber
stilistisch	a		stylistic
Beckum	m		a village in Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Defiance	m		a neighbourhood of Sint Maarten
Driessen	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a surname
Huizinga	m		a surname from West Frisian
sublunarisch	a		sublunar
Illyrië	m		Illyria (a vaguely-defined geographic region in Southeastern Europe in the…; Illyria, Illyricum (a much larger former province of the Roman Empire,…
synergistisch	a		synergistic
tabellarisch	a		tabular, organized as a table or list
onwaardig	a		unworthy
schrank	n	de · mv. schranken	trestle, sawbuck, sawhorse
bloedvete	n	de · mv. bloedvetes	blood feud
huizenmarkt	n	de · mv. huizenmarkten	housing market
buikgriep	n	de	tummy bug, gastroenteritis
vinoloog	n	de · mv. vinologen	wine connoisseur
zonnetempel	n	de · mv. zonnetempels	sun temple
breisel	n	het · mv. breisels	knitting (something that has been knitted)
gokverslaving	n	de · mv. gokverslavingen	gambling addiction
urnenmuur	n	de · mv. urnenmuren	columbarium, urn wall
moeraskat	n	de · mv. moeraskatten	jungle cat (Felis chaus)
rietkat	n	de · mv. rietkatten	jungle cat (Felis chaus)
ecoduct	n	het · mv. ecoducten	wildlife crossing bridge (bridge-like structure allowing animals to cross roads)
grijpgraag	a		grabby
burgerschapsonderwijs	n	het	citizenship education
dienstenproletariaat	n	het	service proletariat (impoverished class of low-waged and/or precariously…
telegrafisch	a		telegraphic
telepathisch	a		telepathic
graftempel	n	de · mv. graftempels	burial temple
geuzentempel	n	de · mv. geuzentempels	Protestant church; Masonic lodge
geinponem	n	de · mv. geinponems	jokester, wisecrack
vogelhuis	n	het · mv. vogelhuizen	birdhouse, nest box
knipperlichtrelatie	n	de · mv. knipperlichtrelaties	a relationship with repeated interruptions because of falling outs and/or…
knipperlicht	n	het · mv. knipperlichten	flashing light, blinker (light that intermittently flashes or a light source…
rifhaai	n	de · mv. rifhaaien	name used for certain sharks in the family Carcharhinidae; reef shark
achttal	n	het · mv. achttallen	octet, eightsome (group of eight)
insectenhotel	n	het · mv. insectenhotels	insect hotel
breinvlies	n	het · mv. breinvliezen	meninges
haverklap	n	de	only used in om de haverklap
vouwfiets	n	de · mv. vouwfietsen	folding bicycle
plooifiets	n	de · mv. plooifietsen	folding bicycle
vriendjespolitiek	n	de	cronyism, political and/or economical favouritism, including nepotism
vriendje	n	het · mv. vriendjes	idiot, asshole, loser
getrouwheid	n	de · mv. getrouwheden	faithfulness, loyalty
boeteling	n	de · mv. boetelingen	penitant (someone who receives punishment or does penance)
oppermachtig	a		sovereign, supreme
kruier	n	de · mv. kruiers	porter (person who carries luggage)
afsabelen	v	sabelde af – afgesabeld	to chop off with a sabre
nachtschaduw	n	de · mv. nachtschaduwen	nightly shadow
brandschoon	a		immaculate, spotless, squeaky clean
euveldoener	n	de · mv. euveldoeners	evildoer
deugdgezinde	n	de · mv. deugdgezinden	one who practices or supports virtue
wederlegschrift	n	het · mv. wederlegschriften	written refutation
broodmes	n	het · mv. broodmessen	bread knife (serrated knife wrought for slicing bread)
zeemeeuw	n	de · mv. zeemeeuwen	seagull, seabird of the family Laridae
bibbering	n	de · mv. bibberingen	shiver, tremble
kunstgreep	n	de · mv. kunstgrepen	artificial device, ploy, trick
paludarium	n	het · mv. paludaria	paludarium
werpster	n	de · mv. werpsterren	throwing star, shuriken; thrower (feminine); a woman who throws
hulphypothese	n	de · mv. hulphypothesen	auxiliary hypothesis (often considered questionable as if made out of…
probleemjongere	n	de · mv. probleemjongeren	troubled youth, problem youth
wijkagent	n	de · mv. wijkagenten	community policeman, community police officer
chemicalie	n	de/het · mv. chemicaliën	chemical
falsifiëren	v	falsifieerde – gefalsifieerd	to falsify (to prove to be false)
falsificeren	v	falsificeerde – gefalsificeerd	to falsify (to prove to be false)
werpspies	n	de · mv. werpspiesen	javelin
lijnzaadolie	n	de · mv. lijnzaadoliën	linseed oil
falsifieerbaarheidscriterium	n	het · mv. falsifieerbaarheidscriteria	the criterion of falsifiability in falsificationism
falsificationisme	n	het	falsificationism
doodsbleek	a		deathly pale, as pale as death
lijkbleek	a		deathly pale, as pale as a corpse
zonnebloemolie	n	de · mv. zonnebloemoliën	sunflower oil
zonnebloempit	n	de · mv. zonnebloempitten	sunflower seed
palmolie	n	de · mv. palmoliën	palm oil
raapolie	n	de · mv. raapoliën	oil from the seed of Brassica rapa subsp. oleifera
raapzaadolie	n	de · mv. raapzaadoliën	oil from the seed of Brassica rapa subsp. oleifera
raapzaad	n	de · mv. raapzaden	field mustard seed
koolzaadolie	n	de · mv. koolzaadoliën	rapeseed oil
koolzaad	n	het · mv. koolzaden	colza
canolaolie	n	de · mv. canolaoliën	canola oil
hennepolie	n	de · mv. hennepoliën	hemp oil
hennepzaadolie	n	de · mv. hennepzaadoliën	hemp oil
hennepzaad	n	het · mv. hennepzaden	hempseed
Lelystad	m		Lelystad (a city, municipality, and capital of Flevoland, Netherlands)
huismarter	n	de · mv. huismarters	synonym of steenmarter (“beech marten (Martes foina)”)
storting	n	de · mv. stortingen	dumping; deposition of money into a bank account
meerval	n	de · mv. meervallen	catfish
buikdans	n	de · mv. buikdansen	belly dance
buikdansen	v	buikdanste – gebuikdanst	to do a belly dance
scheepsbouw	n	de	shipbuilding
wegenbelasting	n	de · mv. wegenbelastingen	road tax
motorrijtuig	n	het · mv. motorrijtuigen	motorised vehicle
achterzeil	n	het · mv. achterzeilen	back sail
achterzeilen	v	achterzeilde – achterzeild	to overtake or pass by sailing; to stay behind while sailing (in a race); to not participate, to pass up
huppelen	v	huppelde – gehuppeld	to skip, to frisk, to gambol (to move by hopping on alternate feet)
spartelen	v	spartelde – gesparteld	to flounce, to flounder (to flop around); to squirm, writhe
huwelijksdag	n	de · mv. huwelijksdagen	wedding day
schaapskooi	n	de · mv. schaapskooien	sheepfold
pioet	n	de · mv. pioetiem	piyyut, piyut (liturgical poem)
scheidslijn	n	de · mv. scheidslijnen	divide, dividing line, demarcation
poëet	n	de · mv. poëten	poet
piercen	v	piercete – gepiercet	to pierce (to implement a piercing)
zakkenwasser	n	de · mv. zakkenwassers	fool, oaf, tool
boortoren	n	de · mv. boortorens	drilling tower (as on a drilling rig or in an oil or gas field)
knekelstad	n	de · mv. knekelsteden	necropolis
Leeuwarder	n	de · mv. Leeuwarders	an inhabitant of Leeuwarden
Leeuwarder	a		of or relating to Leeuwarden
poëtaster	n	de · mv. poëtasters	poetaster
sonnettenbakker	n	de · mv. sonnettenbakkers	sonnet poet (sonnets were deprecated by art elites during most of the 20th…
eentalig	a		monolingual
taalfilosofie	n	de	philosophy of language
schrijftaal	n	de · mv. schrijftalen	written language
taalgevoel	n	het · mv. taalgevoelens	sense for language, Sprachgefühl (intuitive grasp of language, especially…; sentiment with respect to language
taalcursus	n	de · mv. taalcursussen	language course, language training
taalpolitiek	n	de	language politics, language policy
taalpolitiek	a		of or pertaining to language politics
voorkoop	n	de · mv. voorkopen	preemption (option to buy before others)
voertaal	n	de · mv. voertalen	language of exchange, working language
doks	n	de · mv. doksen	duck; duck meat
Philipsburg	m		the capital city of Sint Maarten
venerisch	a		venereal, sexually transmitted; venereal, pertaining to sexual union
lesrooster	n	het · mv. lesroosters	school timetable, class schedule
kraanmachinist	n	de · mv. kraanmachinisten	crane operator
schaaktoren	n	de · mv. schaaktorens	rook
Eiffeltoren	m		Eiffel Tower
woontoren	n	de · mv. woontorens	residential tower
torenflat	n	de · mv. torenflats	skyscraper (tall highrise building); tower block
dambord	n	het · mv. damborden	checkerboard, draughtboard
kasteeltoren	n	de · mv. kasteeltorens	castle tower (e.g. a keep, turret or any other tower belonging to a castle)
sneeuwgrens	n	de · mv. sneeuwgrenzen	snow line
Rozema	m		a surname
Haukes	m		a hamlet in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
flonkeren	v	flonkerde – geflonkerd	to wink, to twinkle
spoeden	v	spoedde – gespoed	to hurry, hasten
Toso	m		a surname from Italian
Veltman	m		a surname
Graft	m		a village and former municipality of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Marchena	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Comps	n		an abbreviation that combines the letters "comp" with an apostrophe-s…
Loven	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Verhoeven	m		a surname, Verhoeven
Elsen	m		a hamlet in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Leens	m		a village and former municipality of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Brugman	m		a surname
Bergsma	m		a surname
Grave	m		a city and former municipality of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
viermotorig	a		having four engines (of motorised means of transport)
Laurier	m		a surname, Laurier, from French
taartgat	n	het · mv. taartgaten	mouth
dagobertducktaks	n	de · mv. dagobertducktaksen	a type of special tax for the wealthiest
morsig	a		dirty, unclean, untidy; immoral, obscene
stiefelen	v	stiefelde – gestiefeld	to walk
knook	n	de · mv. knoken	bone
Oudemolen	m		a hamlet in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
onbenul	n	het	complete lack of understanding, insight or awareness; someone who shows a complete lack of understanding, insight or awareness
benul	n	het	understanding, idea; insight, awareness
onbenullig	a		unaware, stupid, clueless, lacking awareness; trivial, unimportant
Oranjeleeuwin	n	de · mv. Oranjeleeuwinnen	a member of the women's national soccer team of the Netherlands
mokkel	n	de/het · mv. mokkels	broad, babe; slut; chubby woman or girl
honingboom	n	de · mv. honingbomen	Japanese pagoda tree or Chinese scholar tree (Styphnolobium japonicum, syn.…
toepasbaar	a		applicable (that can be used in practice)
aluinwater	n	het	aluminous solution in water
veramerikaniseren	v	veramerikaniseerde – veramerikaniseerd	to Americanise
tweespalt	n	de	discord
anabaptist	n	de · mv. anabaptisten	Anabaptist
sekswerker	n	de · mv. sekswerkers	sex worker
sekswerkster	n	de · mv. sekswerksters	female sex worker
gebrul	n	het · mv. gebrullen	howl (prolonged cry of distress or anguish); holler (any communication to get somebody's attention)
capabel	a		capable
defenestreren	v	defenestreerde – gedefenestreerd	to defenestrate
loonmatiging	n	de · mv. loonmatigingen	wage moderation (process of making wages grow slower than productivity)
spelleider	n	de · mv. spelleiders	game host, game moderator, game master
beschamen	v	beschaamde – beschaamd	to embarrass, to cause shame; to disgrace, to dishonour
burgerdode	n	de · mv. burgerdoden	civilian death, civilian fatality
honoreren	v	honoreerde – gehonoreerd	to pay; to recognize, to acknowledge; to honour, to respect
incentief	n	het · mv. incentieven	incentive
vliegensvlug	a		in no time (very quickly)
vaarboom	n	de · mv. vaarbomen	punting pole
melisoen	n	het	dysentery
melkfles	n	de · mv. melkflessen	milk bottle; pale human leg
Zinneke	n	het · mv. Zinnekes	native or inhabitant of Brussels
orakel	n	het · mv. orakels	prophetic message, typically formulated in vague terms; shrine dedicated to a deity where such messages are given; person who formulates such messages
spreker	n	de · mv. sprekers	one who speaks; speaker; orator
stortbevalling	n	de · mv. stortbevallingen	precipitate labour; a labour with a short timespan between the beginning of…
aanademen	v	ademde aan – aangeademd	to breathe onto, inhale
remvloeistof	n	de · mv. remvloeistoffen	brake fluid
lastschip	n	het · mv. lastschepen	freight ship
fluitschip	n	het · mv. fluitschepen	fluyt, flute (Dutch type of cargo ship)
lijfsgemeenschap	n	de	sexual intercourse
warhoofdig	a		scatterbrained, muddled, confused
meeloper	n	de · mv. meelopers	passive follower, fellow traveller; bystander (in the context of bullying)
binnenmoeder	n	de · mv. binnenmoeders	headmistress of an orphanage
duomoeder	n	de · mv. duomoeders	nonbirth mother, female partner of a birthmother; lesbian mother; any mother (whether biological or non-biological) in a…
Groeneveld	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands; a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands; a surname transferred from the place name
Annen	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Vredenburg	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
opwachten	v	wachtte op – opgewacht	to waylay (to lie in wait for and attack from ambush)
Oranjevrouw	n	de · mv. Oranjevrouwen	a member of a women's national sports team of the Netherlands
bedrillen	v	bedrilde – bedrild	to domineer, to dominate, to intimidate; to scold; to ride on (a bumpy route)
vertillen	v	vertilde – vertild	to move by lifting; to get hurt by lifting
zaakwaarnemer	n	de · mv. zaakwaarnemers	trustee, fiduciary, agent
schrikbarend	a		frightening, worrying, terrifying
zonovergoten	a		very sunny, sun-drenched
proefdier	n	het · mv. proefdieren	laboratory animal (animal subject to animal testing)
kikkerperspectief	n	het · mv. kikkerperspectieven	frog's-eye view
kikkergezwel	n	het · mv. kikkergezwellen	ranula
alsem	n	de · mv. alsems	artemisia (any herb of the genus Artemisia); synonym of absintalsem (“wormwood, Arthemisia absinthium”); the buds and flowers of artemisia plants, used as a herb
keizersnede	n	de · mv. keizersneden	Caesarean section
kopschuw	a		fearful, skittish
legerkist	n	de · mv. legerkisten	army boot
staatsbestel	n	het · mv. staatsbestellen	constitutional structure, regime, polity
bloedloop	n	de	dysentery; any bloody stool
bloedgang	n	de	dysentery
bloedsomloop	n	de · mv. bloedsomlopen	blood circulation
schietbout	n	de · mv. schietbouten	bar shot
elektrolyse	n	de	electrolysis
hopliet	n	de · mv. hoplieten	hoplite
scalair	a		scalar (possessing magnitude but not direction)
virtuoos	n	de · mv. virtuozen	virtuoso
virtuoos	a		brilliant, talented
springstof	n	de · mv. springstoffen	explosive, explosive material
beschutting	n	de · mv. beschuttingen	shelter; protection, especially from the elements or from harm; object or place that offers protection
klapschaats	n	de · mv. klapschaatsen	clap skate (ice skate whose blade has been attached to the front with a hinge)
huisschaap	n	het · mv. huisschapen	domesticated sheep
woudloos	a		forestless
bosloos	a		forestless
telefoonnummer	n	het · mv. telefoonnummers	telephone number
weersomstandigheid	n	de · mv. weersomstandigheden	weather condition
manipel	n	de · mv. manipels	maniple, ornamental scarf or band worn over the left arm by priests; maniple, Roman unit of around 60 to 120 infantrymen
Samniet	n	de · mv. Samnieten	Samnite
satansboleet	n	de · mv. satansboleten	satan's bolete, Rubroboletus satanas/Boletus satanas
boleet	n	de · mv. boleten	bolete (mushroom of the order Boletales)
sauriër	n	de · mv. sauriërs	saurian, reptile of the Sauria
sawaslang	n	de · mv. sawaslangen	synonym of tijgerpython (“Indian python”)
contactverbod	n	het · mv. contactverboden	restraining order (legal injunction against contacting someone)
spotschrift	n	het · mv. spotschriften	satirical text, written satire
kettingkogel	n	de · mv. kettingkogels	chain shot
bezingen	v	bezong – bezongen	to sing about a specific subject, to besing; to sing the praises of
spilzucht	n	de	profligacy
zuidvrucht	n	de · mv. zuidvruchten	dried (sub)tropical fruit
koffiecultuur	n	de · mv. koffieculturen	coffee culture, coffee cultivation
dwangcultuur	n	de · mv. dwangculturen	forced cultivation (in colonies)
kemel	n	de · mv. kemels	camel; mistake, error
Sabijns	a		Sabinian, Sabine
zoetstof	n	de · mv. zoetstoffen	sweetener
mohammedaan	n	de · mv. mohammedanen	Mohammedan (exonym, frequently disfavoured by Muslims)
Oling	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
onderduiken	v	dook onder – ondergedoken	to dive, submerge, submerse; to go into hiding; to live a hidden life
neo-tofelemoon	n	de · mv. neo-tofelemonen	socialist with a Roman Catholic background
tekortkoming	n	de · mv. tekortkomingen	shortcoming, imperfection, demerit (quality of being inadequate); lack, absence, shortage
afbottelen	v	bottelde af – afgebotteld	to bottle
scalperen	v	scalpeerde – gescalpeerd	to scalp, to remove haired skin from
schrijfwijze	n	de · mv. schrijfwijzen	spelling; writing style, way of writing
suikerpatiënt	n	de · mv. suikerpatiënten	diabetic (patient)
soldatenkist	n	de · mv. soldatenkisten	combat boot, army boot
boutkogel	n	de · mv. boutkogels	bar shot
koopvaardij	n	de	commercial shipping
koopvaardijschip	n	het · mv. koopvaardijschepen	merchant ship
bergrijst	n	de	mountain rice (rice cultivated in dry fields at high altitudes)
snelkookrijst	n	de	precooked or pre-steamed rice
zoutziederij	n	de · mv. zoutziederijen	salt refinery (operates by boiling)
ahoi	i		a general greeting between ships
verpakken	v	verpakte – verpakt	to wrap up, to package (to fold and secure something to be the cover or…; to box (to place inside a box); to bag (to put into a bag)
opsporing	n	de · mv. opsporingen	detection, identification, tracing; espial
mammie	n	de · mv. mammies	mommy, mummy; granny, grandma
ongegrond	a		specious (seemingly well-reasoned, but fallacious); unfounded, groundless, baseless; gratuitous
binnenbrengen	v	bracht binnen – binnengebracht	to come in, to move in; to get closer; to bring in (to earn money for a family or company)
erfdrager	n	de · mv. erfdragers	heir, inheritor
piekbui	n	de · mv. piekbuien	a sudden heavy rain shower
valreep	n	de · mv. valrepen	opening in a ship's railings; accommodation ladder
samoem	n	de · mv. samoems	simoom
afschilferen	v	schilferde af – afgeschilferd	to flake off
stamvorm	n	de · mv. stamvormen	progenitor, ancestor; stem
bebloeden	v	bebloedde – bebloed	to bleed on
gelle	r		Second-person plural, subjective: you, you all
badmat	n	de · mv. badmatten	bath mat
winterslaap	n	de · mv. winterslapen	hibernation
winterslapen	v		to hibernate
spoliëren	v	spolieerde – gespolieerd	to plunder, to spoliate, to despoil
wildgroei	n	de	overgrowth; excessive growth of plants; excessive growth, development or increase
dwingelandij	n	de · mv. dwingelandijen	tyranny, oppression
enthousiasmeren	v	enthousiasmeerde – geënthousiasmeerd	to make enthusiastic, to cause a sensation of enthusiasm
taalwetenschap	n	de · mv. taalwetenschappen	linguistics
inspiratie	n	de · mv. inspiraties	inspiration
voorijlig	a		premature
Wijchen	m		Wijchen (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
huisgeest	n	de · mv. huisgeesten	a mythological ghost or spirit linked to a house or home; a house-spirit
reikwijdte	n	de · mv. reikwijdten	range, reach, scope
wijdte	n	de · mv. wijdten	width; vast, expansive landscape (or portion of water)
eenwijverij	n	de	monogyny
bedienaar	n	de · mv. bedienaars	one who serves in a public or religious office
schorseneer	n	de · mv. schorseneren	salsify, used for plants of the genera Tragopon and Scorzonera; black salsify (Pseudopodospermum hispanicum, syn. Scorzonera hispanica), in…
schalmei	n	de · mv. schalmeien	shawm
herbronnen	v	herbronde – herbrond	to return to or reconnect with a source; to reorient, to do some introspection
satraap	n	de · mv. satrapen	satrap (Persian provincial governor)
gierzwaluw	n	de · mv. gierzwaluwen	common swift (Apus apus)
schiksel	n	de · mv. schiksels	destiny, fate; decision, decree
Oudindisch	m		Sanskrit
Oudindisch	a		Sanskrit; pertaining to ancient India
bezwemmen	v	bezwom – bezwommen	to swim in/at
opneemkop	n	de · mv. opneemkoppen	recording head for writing to a storage medium
saffieren	a		sapphire (consisting of sapphire, made of sapphire)
flansen	v	flanste – geflanst	to put together or to fix in an inferior or haphazard fashion
raderwerk	n	het · mv. raderwerken	cogwheel mechanism
wieler	n	de · mv. wielers	bicycle
meert	n	de · mv. meerten	polecat
exhibitionisme	n	het	exhibitionism
vuig	a		despicable, reprehensible; inferior, lesser
ellipsoïde	n	de · mv. ellipsoïden	ellipsoid
moddervet	a		very fat, extremely obese; extremely fat (containing a lot of lipids); very cool, awesome
kakkineus	a		posh, pretentious, foppish
onderzeeboot	n	de · mv. onderzeeboten	submarine; submarine that can remain submerged for long periods
kernonderzeeër	n	de · mv. kernonderzeeërs	nuclear submarine
ontbering	n	de · mv. ontberingen	hardship, ordeal, adversity (difficult event or timespan); deprivation, hardship (state of want)
vierspan	n	het · mv. vierspannen	a span of four horses arranged in pairs
leuzig	a		weak; slow; lazy
meurg	a		drunk; exhausted; cooked
windenergie	n	de	wind power (power harnessed from the wind)
sterkhouder	n	de · mv. sterkhouders	a (male) mainstay
vereenbaren	v	vereenbaarde – vereenbaard	to agree upon; to reconcile
pelgrimage	n	de · mv. pelgrimages	pilgrimage
mallotig	a		foolish, silly
saffie	n	het · mv. saffies	cigarette
saffiaan	n	de/het	saffian (type of leather)
freubelen	v	freubelde – gefreubeld	to tinker
Wons	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
loochening	n	de · mv. loocheningen	denial
wielenaar	n	de · mv. wielenaars	cyclist
wieleraar	n	de · mv. wieleraars	cyclist, especially a race cyclist
wieleren	v	wielerde – gewielerd	to cycle, to ride a bicycle
ligfiets	n	de · mv. ligfietsen	recumbent bicycle
thuiswaarts	d		homewards
angstgegner	n	de · mv. angstgegners	opponent to whom one has lost before and who therefore inspires fear and anxiety
geschiedschrijving	n	de	historiography
zeildoek	n	het · mv. zeildoeken	sail, canvas, rag
zeildoeken	a		sail, canvas, rag
zeildoeks	a		canvas
buitenwettelijk	a		extralegal
snuiver	n	de · mv. snuivers	one who sniffs (smells, fragrances) or insufflates (tobacco, cocaine, etc.); a submarine snorkel, a snort (UK)
snuiveren	v	snuiverde – gesnuiverd	to sail at periscope depth by means of a snorkel
ijsco	n	de · mv. ijsco's	an ice cream
ijscoman	n	de · mv. ijscomannen	ice cream vendor (male)
ijscovrouw	n	de · mv. ijscovrouwen	ice cream lady, ice cream woman (female ice cream vendor)
ijscowagen	n	de · mv. ijscowagens	ice cream cart, ice cream van (vehicle used by ice cream vendors)
ijscokar	n	de · mv. ijscokarren	ice cream cart, ice cream van (vehicle used by ice cream vendors)
snorkelen	v	snorkelde – gesnorkeld	to snorkel, to dive using a snorkel
ijsdansen	n	het	ice dancing (subdiscipline of figure skating)
ijsdansen	v	ijsdanste – geijsdanst	to engage in ice dancing
kernonderzeeboot	n	de · mv. kernonderzeeboten	nuclear submarine
onderzeebootman	n	de · mv. onderzeebootmannen	male submariner, male sailor on a submarine
vetleer	n	het	curried leather
naaldwoud	n	het · mv. naaldwouden	conifer forest
braakdrank	n	de · mv. braakdranken	vomitive, emetic
driecilinder	n	de · mv. driecilinders	a three-cylinder engine; a vehicle or vessel with a three-cylinder engine; a submarine with a hull consisting of three cylinders
kadaverdiscipline	n	de · mv. kadaverdisciplines	an extremely strict, unquestioning discipline demanding loyalty
disciplinair	a		disciplinary (pertaining to sanction, discipline)
disciplineren	v	disciplineerde – gedisciplineerd	to discipline (to subject to sanction or discipline, to punish); to discipline (to instill discipline, to make conform to discipline)
zwachtel	n	de · mv. zwachtels	bandage
zwachtelen	v	zwachtelde – gezwachteld	to bandage, to bind, to wrap
bezwachtelen	v	bezwachtelde – bezwachteld	to bandage, to bind, to wrap
bijlbundel	n	de · mv. bijlbundels	fasces
oertaal	n	de · mv. oertalen	proto-language; primordial language
bejaardenpartij	n	de · mv. bejaardenpartijen	pensioners' party, political party that is aimed toward elderly voters and…
bejaarde	n	de · mv. bejaarden	elderly person
hoerenwaardin	n	de · mv. hoerenwaardinnen	madam, female brothel-keeper
weerbom	n	de · mv. weerbommen	sudden heavy storm caused by a precipitous drop in pressure in a depression
godsdienstoefening	n	de · mv. godsdienstoefeningen	religious service
baardigheid	n	de	beardedness
bisschopsmijter	n	de · mv. bisschopsmijters	episcopal mitre, mitre of a bishop
wuft	a		frivolous, unserious, playful; capricious, whimsical; indulgent, sensuous
olienoot	n	de · mv. olienoten	a peanut
ondernemingsgeest	n	de	spirit of entrepreneurship, entrepreneurial mindset
grasduinen	v	grasduinde – gegrasduind	to enjoy searching; to dabble
grasduin	n	de · mv. grasduinen	grassy dune (historically considered a delightful place)
mensonterend	a		Violating one's basic human dignity; extremely degrading to humans; dehumanizing
dieronterend	a		Violating the dignity of animals; extremely degrading to animals
schouwspeler	n	de · mv. schouwspelers	a (male) stage actor
spectroscoop	n	de · mv. spectroscopen	spectroscope
buurtsuper	n	de · mv. buurtsupers	small neighbourhood supermarket, local grocery store, convenience store
buurtsupermarkt	n	de · mv. buurtsupermarkten	small local supermarket, neighbourhood grocery store, convenience store
Luilekkerland	m		Cockaigne
etenswaar	n	de · mv. etenswaren	food, foodstuff
eetwaar	n	de · mv. eetwaren	food, foodstuff
cipier	n	de · mv. cipiers	jailor, warden, prison guard
gevangenisbewaarder	n	de · mv. gevangenisbewaarders	prison guard, warden, jailor
gevangenbewaarder	n	de · mv. gevangenbewaarders	prison guard, warden, jailor
stokwachter	n	de · mv. stokwachters	jailor, warden
helrivier	n	de · mv. helrivieren	river in or near hell or another underworld
medemisdadiger	n	de · mv. medemisdadigers	fellow criminal; accomplice
confederaal	a		confederal; relating to a confederacy
confederalisme	n	het	confederalism
confedereren	v	confedereerde – geconfedereerd	to unite, to combine
wetboek	n	het · mv. wetboeken	lawbook, code of law
bindweefsel	n	het · mv. bindweefsels	connective tissue
kielhalen	v	kielhaalde – gekielhaald	to keelhaul; to haul above water (so that the keel is above the waterline); to torment, to torture
landrot	n	de · mv. landrotten	landlubber
blauwhemd	n	de · mv. blauwhemden	police officer
lijdensweg	n	de · mv. lijdenswegen	the passion of Jesus; the Way of the Cross; a period of intense suffering
kazerneren	v	kazerneerde – gekazerneerd	to station in barracks
berechtigd	a		entitled; authorized
afleunen	v	leunde af – afgeleund	to decline (an invite, offer or proposal), to refuse
bomvrij	a		bombproof
sjofeet	n	de · mv. sjofetiem	biblical judge (premonarchic leader of the Israelites)
suffeet	n	de · mv. suffeten	suffete (chief magistrate in ancient Carthage)
richter	n	de · mv. richters	aimer, one who aims (e.g. a projectile weapon)
buitendeur	n	de · mv. buitendeuren	exterior door
deurklopper	n	de · mv. deurkloppers	doorknocker (device for knocking on a door)
deurhamer	n	de · mv. deurhamers	doorknocker (device for knocking on a door)
deurstijl	n	de · mv. deurstijlen	doorpost, door pillar
deurraam	n	het · mv. deurramen	doorframe; window or window frame in a door
deurduim	n	de · mv. deurduimen	axis of a door hinge, connected to the doorpost
cameraval	n	de · mv. cameravallen	camera trap (set-up containing a camera that records information when triggered)
kermisklant	n	de · mv. kermisklanten	funfair worker, carnival worker, carny; funfair customer
slagschaduw	n	de · mv. slagschaduwen	shadow, umbra (dark regions of a shadow)
kernschaduw	n	de · mv. kernschaduwen	shadow, umbra (dark regions of a shadow)
taalfilosofe	n	de · mv. taalfilosofes	female philosopher of language
deugdrijk	a		virtuous, abundant in virtue
delfstoffelijk	a		mineral, pertaining to mineral resources
bijschaduw	n	de · mv. bijschaduwen	penumbra
halfschaduw	n	de · mv. halfschaduwen	penumbra
schaduwrijk	n	het · mv. schaduwrijken	underworld
schaduwrijk	a		shadowful
betamelijk	a		decent, proper
duiding	n	de · mv. duidingen	the act of providing meaning or context to help others understand (may at…
paleisbanket	n	het	a type of pastry containing almond paste and topped with a fondant icing
riemslag	n	de · mv. riemslagen	oar stroke; lash with a belt
zakpijp	n	de · mv. zakpijpen	sea squirt, any member of the class Ascidiacea
koffiedik	n	het	coffee grounds (sediment in coffee)
constatering	n	de · mv. constateringen	observation, remark, finding
vervaarnis	n	de · mv. vervaarnissen	fear (emotion or sensation of being afraid)
roeipen	n	de · mv. roeipennen	thole (pin for keeping an oar in place)
dolboord	n	het · mv. dolboorden	gunwale
dagvaarden	v	dagvaardde – gedagvaard	to summon to court, to subpoena
dagvaart	n	de · mv. dagvaarten	juridical summoning to court, subpoena
geruispeiler	n	de · mv. geruispeilers	sonar receiver, hydrophone; sonar operator
peiler	n	de · mv. peilers	pollster
cigaar	n	de · mv. cigaren	dated spelling of sigaar
kroonveldheer	n	de · mv. kroonveldheren	supreme commander in certain historical armies (French, Japanese, Polish)
toeristenplaats	n	de · mv. toeristenplaatsen	settlement that attracts many tourists
stamland	n	het · mv. stamlanden	land of origin
saturnaliën	n		Saturnalia
heteluchtbad	n	het · mv. heteluchtbaden	sauna
caduceren	v	caduceerde – gecaduceerd	to declare void, to nullify; to become void
lijnwaad	n	het · mv. lijnwaden	linens, linen; linen, linen piece of fabric or clothing
dolleman	n	de · mv. dollemannen	madman
dollemansrit	n	de · mv. dollemansritten	road rampage
spookwoord	n	het · mv. spookwoorden	ghost word (non-existent word in dictionaries or other reference works)
dondergod	n	de · mv. dondergoden	god of thunder
Imke	m		a female given name from West Frisian
buuf	n	de · mv. bufen	female neighbour
domkerk	n	de · mv. domkerken	cathedral
concaaf	a		concave
natuurgids	n	de · mv. natuurgidsen	wildlife guide (person); wildlife guide (text)
wildbraad	n	het	prepared game meat
afwaaien	v	waaide af – afgewaaid	to be blown off; to be blown away; to blow away
bekkeneel	n	het · mv. bekkenelen	cranium
Wereldbank	m		World Bank
bonenstaak	n	de · mv. bonenstaken	beanpole
weerwolverij	n	de	lycanthropy; the condition of being a werewolf or the action of becoming a…
kernlis	n	de · mv. kernlissen	chromosome
bultig	a		lumpy, humped; rugged, knobbly
hartelijk	a		cordial; hearty; hospitable
hartelijk	d		heartily; warmly
klavecimbel	n	de/het · mv. klavecimbels	harpsichord
draailier	n	de · mv. draailieren	hurdy-gurdy
goedertieren	a		charitable, benevolent
onbegrijpelijk	a		unintelligible, incomprehensible
beeldenstorm	n	de · mv. beeldenstormen	iconoclasm (destruction or removal of statues and images)
ophoepelen	v	hoepelde op – opgehoepeld	to get lost, to go away, to piss off
opflikkeren	v	flikkerde op – opgeflikkerd	to fuck off, bugger off
plankenkoorts	n	de	stage fright
intersectionaliteit	n	de · mv. intersectionaliteiten	intersectionality
kruispuntdenken	n	het	intersectionality
seksisme	n	het	sexism
verkrachtingscultuur	n	de · mv. verkrachtingsculturen	rape culture
vrouwenemancipatie	n	de · mv. vrouwenemancipaties	women's emancipation
identiteitspolitiek	n	de	identity politics
identiteitspolitiek	a		pertaining to identity politics
fetisjisme	n	het	fetishism, sexual paraphilia; fetishism, worship of fetishes (magical objects)
warenfetisjisme	n	het	commodity fetishism
heteroseksisme	n	het	heterosexism
klassisme	n	het	classism
klassenbewustzijn	n	het	class consciousness
zelfbewust	a		self-aware; confident, self-confident; self-conscious, socially ill at ease
schriftvervalsing	n		forgery or unauthorised modification of official documents or of any…
naamchristen	n	de · mv. naamchristenen	false Christian, a Christian (practising or nominal) who doesn't adhere to…
deuvik	n	de · mv. deuviken	bung (plug for a barrel)
diefijzer	n	het · mv. diefijzers	set of metal bars on a window
doodmoe	a		completely exhausted, extremely tired
zeebaboe	n	de · mv. zeebaboes	female babysitter of Indonesian descent on a ship
acrostichon	n	het · mv. acrostichons	acrostic
zeegat	n	het · mv. zeegaten	sea channel, opening or accessway to sea
bekruisen	v	bekruiste – bekruist	to make the sign of the cross, to becross oneself; to repeatedly traverse a patrol area, to sail on patrol throughout a certain…; to becross, to put a cross on
droogdok	n	het · mv. droogdokken	drydock
borstrok	n	de · mv. borstrokken	a type of long shirt covering the entire torso down to the thighs
borststuk	n	het · mv. borststukken	breastplate (piece of armour protecting the chest); breast (piece of meat from the chest)
dagreis	n	de · mv. dagreizen	day trip; distance travelled in one day (often used as a crude unit of measure)
scheepsjournaal	n	het · mv. scheepsjournaals	ship's log, logbook of a ship
mataglap	a		out of one's mind, insane (esp. out of rage), enraged
hospitaalridder	n	de · mv. hospitaalridders	Knight-Hospitaller, member of the Order of St. John or one of its derivative…
onoorbaar	a		indecent, improper
kruisboogbout	n	de · mv. kruisboogbouten	crossbow bolt
frontmentaliteit	n	de	siege mentality, trench mentality (fearful, oppositional collective attitude…
strijkbout	n	de · mv. strijkbouten	iron (iron for ironing clothes)
zeemuis	n	de · mv. zeemuizen	sea mouse (Aphrodita aculeata)
muizenval	n	de · mv. muizenvallen	mousetrap (a device (contraption) for capturing or killing mice)
sjees	n	de · mv. sjezen	chaise; a high, open (sometimes convertible), two-wheeled carriage
sjezen	v	sjeesde – gesjeesd	to move (very) quickly, particularly using a vehicle; to zoom, to careen
weefselleer	n	de	histology (study of tissue and tissue structures)
charmeren	v	charmeerde – gecharmeerd	to charm, to impress (often with romantic connotations)
praalhans	n	de · mv. praalhanzen	boaster, braggart
chrestomathie	n	de · mv. chrestomathieën	chrestomathy, collection or book of selected writings (often quoted…; anthology, chrestomathy
dobberen	v	dobberde – gedobberd	to float in or on water or another fluid, generally without much control…
airco	n	de · mv. airco's	air conditioning
vroegboekkorting	n	de · mv. vroegboekkortingen	a price reduction for making an early reservation or commitment; an early…
vliegkampschip	n	het · mv. vliegkampschepen	aircraft carrier
vliegkamp	n	het · mv. vliegkampen	airbase, military airport
gipsvlucht	n	de · mv. gipsvluchten	homeward flight for people who got injured (e.g. have fractures) on winter…
snuivermast	n	de · mv. snuivermasten	retractable mast containing and encasing a submarine snort (UK) or snorkel (US)
scheepvaartverkeer	n	de	maritime traffic
wachtvolk	n	het	guard (people who work as guards)
ceremoniemeester	n	de · mv. ceremoniemeesters	master of ceremonies (host at an official or otherwise ceremonial event)
heelmeester	n	de · mv. heelmeesters	healer, doctor
christendommelijk	a		pertaining to (petit bourgeois) Christendom
bontwerk	n	het	processed fur or pelts
donderstraal	n	de · mv. donderstralen	tomboy, rascal, troublemaker
ulaan	n	de · mv. ulanen	uhlan, lightly armed lancer (horseman armed with a lance, used for exploring…
doodgraver	n	de · mv. doodgravers	gravedigger; sexton beetle, burying beetle; beetle of the genus Nicrophorus
verzoening	n	de · mv. verzoeningen	reconciliation
onderzeebootmoederschip	n	het · mv. onderzeebootmoederschepen	submarine mothership (ship functioning as a base for submarines)
moederschip	n	het · mv. moederschepen	mothership (ship functioning as a base for other vessels)
verdobbelen	v	verdobbelde – verdobbeld	to waste on gambling in dice games
vistuig	n	het	fishing gear
dingdag	n	de · mv. dingdagen	court session; court day
ooftbouw	n	de	cultivation of fruit that grows on fruit trees
schaduwplant	n	de · mv. schaduwplanten	shade-dweller, shade-dwelling plant
certificatie	n	de · mv. certificaties	certification (qualification, state of being qualified for something); certification (granting of a certificate)
boekenschouw	n	de · mv. boekenschouwen	book review
tegenmijn	n	de · mv. tegenmijnen	countermine
tegenmijnen	v	mijnde tegen – tegengemijnd	to countermine (to sap enemy saps)
kunsthistorie	n	de	art history
reuzenaronskelk	n	de · mv. reuzenaronskelken	titan arum (Amorphophallus titanum)
penisplant	n	de · mv. penisplanten	synonym of reuzenaronskelk (“titan arum, Amorphophallus titanum”)
rouwrand	n	de · mv. rouwranden	a black border on a piece of paper (often on envelopes) to signify mourning; a connotation of grief to an event or occasion
imbeciel	a		stupid, idiotic
imbeciel	n	de · mv. imbecielen	imbecile, idiot, dumbass
oranjekoek	n	de · mv. oranjekoeken	a pastry of Frisian origin containing candied orange snippets and almond…
zeenimf	n	de · mv. zeenimfen	sea nymph, e.g. a nereid or an Oceanid
aronskelk	n	de · mv. aronskelken	arum, plant of the genus Arum; arum lily, plant of the family Araceae
verhelen	v	verheelde – verheeld	to conceal, to hide; to unify, to make or become one whole (now mostly used of tracts of land and…
klapperdief	n	de · mv. klapperdieven	coconut crab (Birgus latro)
kokoskrab	n	de · mv. kokoskrabben	coconut crab (Birgus latro)
kunstschat	n	de · mv. kunstschatten	artefact, art treasure (object of high artistic merit and/or high value)
vaginose	n	de	vaginosis (vaginal infection)
alvleesklierkanker	n	de · mv. alvleesklierkankers	pancreatic cancer
doodkrank	a		terminally ill
kerkfabriek	n	de/het · mv. kerkfabrieken	body responsible for the governance of church assets and property
buikvlies	n	het · mv. buikvliezen	peritoneum
azuur	n	het · mv. azuren	lapis lazuli, azure; azure, the blue colour of the sky; blue, azure
bloemstuk	n	het · mv. bloemstukken	flower arrangement (work consisting of arranged flowers and plants)
cipressenboom	n	de · mv. cipressenbomen	cypress
volschieten	v	schoot vol – volgeschoten	to be overcome with emotion; to shoot full; to become full
zeeprik	n	de · mv. zeeprikken	sea lamprey (Petromyzon marinus)
zeenegenoog	n	de · mv. zeenegenogen	sea lamprey
genderneutraal	a		gender-neutral
distelvink	n	de · mv. distelvinken	European goldfinch, Eurasian goldfinch (Carduelis carduelis)
brandstichtster	n	de · mv. brandstichtsters	female arsonist
kolenbekken	n	het · mv. kolenbekkens	coalfield (area with coal deposits); brazier (metal receptacle for burning coal)
kolenveld	n	het · mv. kolenvelden	coalfield (area with coal deposits)
lustoord	n	het · mv. lustoorden	retreat, resort (place where one goes for recreation or solitude)
strijdlust	n	de	warlikeness, ferocity
strijdlustig	a		combative, belligerent
ladang	n	de · mv. ladangs	a dry, unirrigated rice field
droogzwierder	n	de · mv. droogzwierders	domestic centrifuge (appliance for drying objects by means of a centrifugal…
zwieren	v	zwierde – gezwierd	to swing (round), to rotate; to swing, to rotate; to skate in a swaying fashion, using the outside edges of the skates
tegenbericht	n	het · mv. tegenberichten	message in response, response
vetlaars	n	de · mv. vetlaarzen	boot made of curried leather
karaf	n	de · mv. karaffen	carafe
ecoterrorisme	n	het	ecoterrorism
wegkijker	n	de · mv. wegkijkers	someone who refuses to face reality or acknowledge an uncomfortable truth
wegkijken	v	keek weg – weggekeken	to look away, avert one's gaze; to remain wilfully ignorant or refuse to face reality
Diederik	m		a male given name
keurslijf	n	het · mv. keurslijven	stays, a corset, a waist (foundation garment for women, reinforced with stays); a straitjacket; something very tightly arranged or regulated, thereby…
Irakees	n	de · mv. Irakezen	Iraqi (someone from Iraq or of Iraqi descent)
wapentuig	n	het	military equipment, arms
modelmigrant	n	de · mv. modelmigranten	model migrant (a migrant who is considered exemplary), typically used of…
sleepwet	m		Nickname of the Wet op de inlichtingen- en veiligheidsdiensten 2017, a…
sleepnet	n	het · mv. sleepnetten	trawl, dragnet
snuivervaart	n	de	the act of sailing using a submarine snorkel
banketspijs	n	de	an almond paste surrogate made of white beans and sugar
banketbakkersspijs	n	de	an almond paste surrogate made of white beans and sugar
snuiverbedrijf	n	het	the act of sailing using a submarine snorkel
koeler	n	de · mv. koelers	cooler
bekkesnijden	v		to play a rural game that involved cutting cheeks with knives or coins…
zeerus	n	de · mv. zeerussen	sea rush (Juncus maritimus); synonym of walrus
quinoakut	n	de · mv. quinoakutten	female superfoodie
vetewezen	n	het	a customary system of resolving conflicts and feuds with public displays of…
lichtkracht	n	de · mv. lichtkrachten	luminosity
mesten	v	mestte – gemest	to fatten
vetmesten	v	mestte vet – vetgemest	to fatten
mestvee	n	het	fattened livestock raised for meat
vuurduivel	n	de · mv. vuurduivels	fire devil (demon associated with fire); fire devil, firenado (fiery whirlwind)
smaldeel	n	het · mv. smaldelen	squadron or naval division (group of ships, belonging to a fleet or flotilla); subdivision of (or faction inside) an organisation or body
truttig	a		bourgeois, narrow-minded, old-fashioned, petty
woningvoorraad	n	de · mv. woningvoorraden	housing stock
ledenpop	n	de · mv. ledenpoppen	lay figure, mannequin
dolhuis	n	het · mv. dolhuizen	insane asylum, nuthouse (mental institution); insane asylum, madhouse (crazy situation or location)
brooddeeg	n	het · mv. brooddegen	bread dough (dough intended for baking bread)
cultuurwoord	n	het · mv. cultuurwoorden	Kulturwort (widely borrowed word for a cross-cultural concept)
strafcorner	n	de · mv. strafcorners	penalty corner (corner taken from the back line approx. 10 m from the…
doelschop	n	de · mv. doelschoppen	goal kick
toewenden	v	wendde toe – toegewend	to turn to (to turn, to go to or to address)
bruinogig	a		brown-eyed
doodceel	n	de · mv. doodceels	death certificate
ceel	n	de · mv. ceels	certificate, deed, official document; list, series
pelterij	n	de · mv. pelterijen	processed fur and pelts
artsenijplant	n	de · mv. artsenijplanten	medicinal plant (plant used in medicine)
investituur	n	de · mv. investituren	inauguration, confirmation (ceremonious establishment into an office)
meertrapsraket	n	de · mv. meertrapsraketten	multistage rocket; something (process, plan, etc.) consisting of multiple distinct stages
velerlei	t		many, of many sorts or types
speekselklier	n	de · mv. speekselklieren	salivary gland
traanklier	n	de · mv. traanklieren	lacrimal gland, tear gland
melkklier	n	de · mv. melkklieren	mammary gland
oorsmeerklier	n	de · mv. oorsmeerklieren	ceruminous gland
taaislijmziekte	n	de	cystic fibrosis
schapenvlies	n	het · mv. schapenvliezen	sheep's fleece (unprocessed wool of sheep)
schaapsvlies	n	het · mv. schaapsvliezen	amnion (interior foetal membrane)
snelspanner	n	de · mv. snelspanners	quick release lever
bandagist	n	de · mv. bandagisten	one who professionally applies bandages
hemelteken	n	het · mv. hemeltekenen	star sign; celestial or atmospheric phenomenon
ondicht	n	het · mv. ondichten	prose; work of prose
opvijzelen	v	vijzelde op – opgevijzeld	to windlass, to raise with a winch or windlass; to crank up, to raise, to improve
ijssalon	n	de/het · mv. ijssalons	ice-cream parlor
vadsig	a		overweight, often lazy; slow or apathetic
mannenbroeder	n	de · mv. mannenbroeders	orthodox Reformed Protestestant (in contemporary Dutch this strongly…
binnenpretje	n	het · mv. binnenpretjes	a private thought that causes one to laugh, seeming random to any onlookers
gereformeerd	a		pertaining to Reformed churches, movements and their adherents that…; Reformed
alternatieveling	n	de · mv. alternatievelingen	someone who participates in an alternative subculture (e.g. a hipster, emo…
blekerd	n	de	rosé, strongly associated with the German Rhineland; a pale person
swaffelaar	n	de · mv. swaffelaars	one who swings or slaps his penis against people or objects
dolksteek	n	de · mv. dolksteken	stab with a dagger; stab in the back
voedingsleer	n	de · mv. voedingsleren	nutritional science; nutritional doctrine or body of nutritional teachings (not necessarily…
grensweer	n	de	border defence, border protection (anything that defends a border, e.g. a…
gedenknaald	n	de · mv. gedenknaalden	memorial obelisk
dadelboom	n	de · mv. dadelbomen	date tree, date palm (Phoenix dactylifera)
buikdienaar	n	de · mv. buikdienaars	glutton, gastrolater
aderlaten	v		to open a vein in order to draw 'bad blood'; to (apply a) leech medicinally, as a method to bloodlet; to drain resources without giving back
onbalans	n	de	imbalance, disequilibrium, instability
zedelijkheidsapostel	n	de · mv. zedelijkheidsapostelen	moral guardian, moral crusader
geitachtig	a		goaty (goat-like; similar or related to a goat)
buikdienst	n	de	gastrolatry
hoepelen	v	hoepelde – gehoepeld	to roll hoops; to hula hoop; to go away, to get lost (more commonly in derived expressions)
pimpelpaars	a		bluish purple
scheit	n	de · mv. scheiten	shoat (sheep-goat hybrid)
afvriezen	v	vroor af – afgevroren	to freeze off
dieplood	n	het · mv. dieploden	a lead or plummet fixed to a sounding line or lead line
negenoog	n	de · mv. negenogen	lamprey, fish of the order Petromyzontiformes; carbuncle (purulent abscess); a type of traffic light
lamprei	n	de · mv. lampreien	lamprey (fish of the order Petromyzontiformes); bunny (a young rabbit)
Karpaten	m		Carpathians (a mountain range in Central Europe and Eastern Europe)
bootsen	v	bootste – gebootst	to model, replicate, simulate
chocoladezoen	n	de · mv. chocoladezoenen	a chocolate-coated cream or marshmallow treat
negerzoen	n	de · mv. negerzoenen	chocolate-coated cream or marshmallow treat
zoenverdrag	n	het · mv. zoenverdragen	treaty of reconciliation
delegeren	v	delegeerde – gedelegeerd	to delegate
radenrepubliek	n	de · mv. radenrepublieken	soviet republic, communist council republic
hoofdpijndossier	n	het · mv. hoofdpijndossiers	a particularly difficult issue or case
jodenkerk	n	de · mv. jodenkerken	synagogue
heerkracht	n	de · mv. heerkrachten	army, (military) force
selectie	n	de · mv. selecties	selection (the act of selecting); selection, choice (that which has been selected)
bijschieten	v	schoot bij – bijgeschoten	to come to the aid (of), to come to someone's aid
bondsrepubliek	n	de · mv. bondsrepublieken	federal republic
bilhamer	n	de · mv. bilhamers	a small pick for dressing (applying grooves to) millstones
kuddedier	n	het · mv. kuddedieren	gregarious animal; someone who follows the pack, sheep
cryogeen	a		cryogenic
magneetvisser	n	de · mv. magneetvissers	a person using a type of fishing rod, with a magnet attached to the end, to…
pruimer	n	de · mv. pruimers	one who chews tobacco
zuurpruim	n	de · mv. zuurpruimen	a sourpuss, grouch
luim	n	de · mv. luimen	mood, spirits; bad mood, temper; joke, prank, jest
pruimelaar	n	de · mv. pruimelaars	plum tree
brandoffer	n	het · mv. brandoffers	burnt offering, holocaust
brandofferen	v	brandofferde – gebrandofferd	to offer as a burnt offering
braderij	n	de · mv. braderijen	a business where roast meat is sold
bamboeriet	n	het	bamboo
loeiheet	a		glowing hot, very hot
handballen	v	handbalde – gehandbald	to play handball (European rules)
windkracht	n	de · mv. windkrachten	wind force, according to the Beaufort scale; energy from the wind
beslapen	v	besliep – beslapen	to sleep with, to have sex with, to bed; to sleep on (an object, e.g. a bed); to sleep on (a subject or matter, to think it through)
zelfgenoegzaam	a		self-satisfied, smug, complacent (quality of being overly pleased with…
vlijen	v	vlijde – gevlijd	to lay, to place; to lie down, to sit down
plichtsbewust	a		conscientious
mediopassief	n	het	mediopassive (a voice that combines a middle voice and a passive voice)
mediopassief	a		mediopassive
voedingskunde	n	de	nutritional science
onvrouwelijk	a		unwomanly
mutsaard	n	de · mv. mutsaards	faggot (bundle of branches, sticks or twigs, especially firewood)
doorloper	n	de · mv. doorlopers	a type of crossword puzzle where a blank rectangular grid must be filled…; a horizontal rule that spans the width of a page; someone who walks on or walks away
tekstspiegel	n	de · mv. tekstspiegels	block of text, body of text (space covered by text on a page)
waterstand	n	de · mv. waterstanden	water level
opsteken	v	stak op – opgestoken	to learn; to set something on fire, to light; to raise an object
indommelen	v	dommelde in – ingedommeld	to doze off, to fall asleep
bommelding	n	de · mv. bommeldingen	bomb report, bomb threat
zeeheld	n	de · mv. zeehelden	naval hero
beklemming	n	de · mv. beklemmingen	troubling or trying situation, difficulty, oppression
stadsarrest	n	het · mv. stadsarresten	prohibition on leaving a city, as a punishment or precaution
confineren	v	confineerde – geconfineerd	to confine, to detain
confinatie	n	de · mv. confinaties	confinement, detention
uroloog	n	de · mv. urologen	urologist
weigeruroloog	n	de · mv. weigerurologen	a urologist that refuses to perform circumcisions
zo-even	d		just now (a moment ago)
politiehelikopter	n	de · mv. politiehelikopters	police helicopter
bloedbank	n	de · mv. bloedbanken	blood bank
samenkomst	n	de · mv. samenkomsten	meeting, gathering, meetup; junction, intersection (place where two or more things come together, esp.…
cijns	n	de · mv. cijnzen	feudal tax paid to a master or landowner
tankslag	n	de · mv. tankslagen	tank battle
trekvis	n	de · mv. trekvissen	migratory fish
actiehandel	n	de	stock brokerage; trade in shares
haaibaai	n	de · mv. haaibaaien	loud or domineering woman
verdierlijken	v	verdierlijkte – verdierlijkt	to turn into an animal; to cause, produce or acquire animal or animalesque…
afdweilen	v	dweilde af – afgedweild	to clean with a floorcloth; to saunter through
landstorm	n	de · mv. landstormen	army division consisting of civilians; militia aligned to an army; a storm (heavy wind) on land, a terrestrial storm
Borger-Odoorn	m		Borger-Odoorn (a municipality of Drenthe, Netherlands)
Coevorden	m		Coevorden (a city and municipality of Drenthe, Netherlands)
Emmen	m		a city and municipality of Drenthe, Netherlands without city rights; a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hoogeveen	m		Hoogeveen (a town and municipality of Drenthe, Netherlands); a former hamlet and former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Meppel	m		Meppel (a city and municipality of Drenthe, Netherlands)
Midden-Drenthe	m		Midden-Drenthe (a municipality of Drenthe, Netherlands)
Noordenveld	m		Noordenveld (a municipality of Drenthe, Netherlands)
Tynaarlo	m		Tynaarlo (a village and municipality of Drenthe, Netherlands)
Westerveld	m		Westerveld (a municipality of Drenthe, Netherlands); a surname
Noordoostpolder	m		Noordoostpolder (a polder and municipality of Flevoland, Netherlands)
Urk	m		Urk (a village, municipality, and former island in Flevoland, Netherlands)
Zeewolde	m		Zeewolde (a village and municipality of Flevoland, Netherlands)
Achtkarspelen	m		Achtkarspelen (a municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Dantumadeel	m		Dantumadiel (a municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Dongeradeel	m		Dongeradeel (a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Ferwerderadeel	m		Ferwerderadiel (a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Franekeradeel	m		Franekeradeel (a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Harlingen	m		Harlingen (a city and municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Heerenveen	m		Heerenveen (a village and municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Leeuwarderadeel	m		Leeuwarderadeel (a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Littenseradeel	m		Littenseradiel (a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Menaldumadeel	m		Menameradiel (a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Ooststellingwerf	m		Ooststellingwerf (a municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Opsterland	m		Opsterland (a municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Schiermonnikoog	m		Schiermonnikoog (an island of Friesland, Netherlands); Schiermonnikoog (a village and municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Smallingerland	m		Smallingerland (a municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Zuidwest-Friesland	m		Súdwest-Fryslân (a municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Terschelling	m		Terschelling (an island and municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Tietjerksteradeel	m		Tytsjerksteradiel (a municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Vlieland	m		Vlieland (an island and municipality of Friesland, Netherlands); a hamlet in Pijnacker-Nootdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Weststellingwerf	m		Weststellingwerf (a municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
Aalten	m		Aalten (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Apeldoorn	m		Apeldoorn (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Arnhem	m		Arnhem (a city, municipality, and capital of Gelderland, Netherlands); a habitational surname
Berkelland	m		Berkelland (a municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Beuningen	m		Beuningen (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands); a village in Losser, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bronckhorst	m		Bronckhorst (a municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Culemborg	m		Culemborg (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Doesburg	m		Doesburg (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Druten	m		Druten (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Duiven	m		Duiven (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Elburg	m		Elburg (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Epe	m		Epe (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Ermelo	m		Ermelo (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Geldermalsen	m		a village and former municipality of West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Harderwijk	m		Harderwijk (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands); a hamlet in Opmeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Hattem	m		Hattem (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Heerde	m		Heerde (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Heumen	m		Heumen (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Lingewaal	m		Lingewaal (a former municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Lingewaard	m		Lingewaard (a municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Lochem	m		Lochem (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Maasdriel	m		Maasdriel (a municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Montferland	m		Montferland (a municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Neder-Betuwe	m		Neder-Betuwe (a municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Neerijnen	m		a village and former municipality of West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nijkerk	m		Nijkerk (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Nunspeet	m		Nunspeet (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Oldebroek	m		Oldebroek (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Overbetuwe	m		Overbetuwe (a municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Putten	m		Putten (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands); a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands; an island of South Holland, Netherlands
Renkum	m		Renkum (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Rheden	m		Rheden (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Rijnwaarden	m		Rijnwaarden (a former municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Rozendaal	m		Rozendaal (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands); a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Scherpenzeel	m		Scherpenzeel (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands); a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands; a topographic surname
Tiel	m		Tiel (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Voorst	m		Voorst (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands); a hamlet in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
Wageningen	m		Wageningen (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Westervoort	m		Westervoort (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Winterswijk	m		Winterswijk (a village and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands); a habitational surname
Zaltbommel	m		Zaltbommel (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Zevenaar	m		Zevenaar (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Zutphen	m		Zutphen (a city and municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands)
Middelburg	m		Middelburg (a city, municipality, and capital of Zeeland, Netherlands); a hamlet and former municipality of Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland,…
onkunde	n	de	ignorance (lack of knowledge)
wijnsteen	n	de · mv. wijnstenen	potassium bitartrate
tuktuk	n	de · mv. tuktuks	tuk-tuk (vehicle)
reactionair	a		reactionary
raadgevend	a		advisory
aantijgen	v	teeg aan – aangetegen	to accuse (someone or something) of; to accuse; to put on
kuipstoel	n	de · mv. kuipstoelen	chair with a seat and back of one piece that (loosely) follows the contours…; bucket seat (in a car or other means of transport)
tuinstoel	n	de · mv. tuinstoelen	garden chair (chair suited for outdoor use, commonly used in gardens)
politieker	n	de · mv. politiekers	politician
Zelder	m		a hamlet in Gennep, Limburg, Netherlands
Dalen	m		a village and former municipality of Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
deswege	d		therefore
deceptie	n	de · mv. decepties	disappointment, disillusion (quality of being disappointed); something that causes disappointment
geul	n	de · mv. geulen	gully, trench, channel
duinpan	n	de · mv. duinpannen	dune valley; a bowl-shaped depression between dunes
leeftocht	n	de · mv. leeftochten	provisions, food supplies for a trip
eenklank	n	de · mv. eenklanken	monophthong; unison (same note (identical pitch) played by different parts)
walgeld	n	het · mv. walgelden	fee levied on mooring vessels
vijgenboom	n	de · mv. vijgenbomen	fig tree; Ficus carica
voetslet	n	de · mv. voetsletten	flunky, doormat
filmisch	a		of or related to film, video or cinema; cinematic
Hidde	m		a male given name
Libisch	a		Libyan (of or pertaining to Libya or its people)
Amida	m		the Amidah, the Shmoneh Esreh (Jewish silent prayer said while standing)
cursist	n	de · mv. cursisten	learner, student following a course (usually outside of the standard…
cursiste	n	de · mv. cursisten	a (female) learner, student (a woman who follows a study course)
Aarlen	m		Arlon
griffioen	n	de · mv. griffioenen	griffin, griffon, gryphon
hippogrief	n	de · mv. hippogrieven	hippogriff, hippogryph
gebuurte	n	de · mv. gebuurten	neighborhood
relaas	n	het · mv. relazen	account, story, report
grondeuvel	n	het · mv. grondeuvelen	a wrong, shortcoming or error that causes other errors, mistakes, wrongs,…
demo-liberaal	a		liberal democratic (seen as too rationalistic or egalitarian)
toespijs	n	de · mv. toespijzen	dessert
strandvonder	n	de · mv. strandvonders	official responsible for the recovery and lawful return or distribution of…
knoedel	n	de · mv. knoedels	dumpling; noodle or piece of pasta
noedel	n	de · mv. noedels	noodle, especially a type from (East) Asian cuisine but sometimes also…
Haskala	m		Haskalah
subtiel	a		subtle (hard to grasp); cunning, skilful
randcrimineel	n	de · mv. randcriminelen	borderline criminal (someone or something that operates in the grey area…
randcrimineel	a		borderline criminal (relating to or operating in the grey area between…
strandvond	n	de · mv. strandvonden	a stranded discovered object, a beach find; several of the above stranded finds, collectively
Uuskuub	n		Skopje
baldadig	a		rowdy, boisterous, vandalous
weldaad	n	de · mv. weldaden	good deed
stamelen	v	stamelde – gestameld	to stammer, stutter
allicht	d		probably; surely, presumably
onderdrukker	n	de · mv. onderdrukkers	oppressor
wegpromoveren	v	promoveerde weg – weggepromoveerd	to kick upstairs or boot upstairs, that is, to promote a troublesome subject…
frisist	n	de · mv. frisisten	a scholar of Frisian
ziljoen	n	de · mv. ziljoenen	zillion (unspecified extremely large number)
biljoen	n	het · mv. biljoenen	a trillion, 10¹²
weerglans	n	de · mv. weerglanzen	glistening, glowing reflection; reflected shine or gleam
kindschap	n	het	the state of being someone's child (mostly used in religious, especially…
Hadewig	m		a female given name
Femke	m		a female given name
Jopie	m		a female given name; A familiar form for Joop, Jakob, Johannes, etc; a male given name
cadeautip	n	de · mv. cadeautips	suggestion for a gift
niksen	v	nikste – genikst	to do nothing, to loaf, to idle
gourmetten	v	gourmette – gegourmet	to partake in gourmet, a kind of festive meal prepared at table in heated…
ontkentenis	n	de · mv. ontkentenissen	denial of a charge, claim or fact in a legal setting
Wesch	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
gynaecoloog	n	de · mv. gynaecologen	gynecologist
gyneseksualiteit	n	de	gynesexuality
gyneseksueel	a		gynesexual
gyneseksueel	n	de · mv. gyneseksuelen	gynesexual
privatisering	n	de · mv. privatiseringen	privatisation (UK, Australia), privatization (North America)
winterband	n	de · mv. winterbanden	winter tire
hypotheekrenteaftrekregeling	n	de · mv. hypotheekrenteaftrekregelingen	mortgage interest deduction arrangement
elft	n	de · mv. elften	the allis shad, Alosa alosa
seksplaat	n	de · mv. seksplaten	a piece of music played before or during sex to set or enhance the mood
fanclub	n	de · mv. fanclubs	fan club
verhandelbaar	a		negotiable; easily sold or traded
Rhodesië	m		Rhodesia
Zuidwest-Afrika	m		South West Africa (the colonial name of the area which is now Namibia)
toppunt	n	het · mv. toppunten	summit, spire (physical highest point); epitome, pinnacle (figurative highest point; the point of highest success…
foelie	n	de · mv. foelies	mace (Myristica fragrans); mace, a spice obtained from the fruit of the nutmeg
muntgeld	n	het	coinage, coins, coin money, hard cash
kardemom	n	de	cardamom (Elettaria cardamomum); cardamom seed, used as a spice
loopfiets	n	de · mv. loopfietsen	a bike with no pedals; a balance bicycle
operazangeres	n	de · mv. operazangeressen	a female opera singer, a woman who sings opera
operazanger	n	de · mv. operazangers	an opera singer, a person who sings opera
femboy	n	de · mv. femboys	femboy (young effeminate man); otokonoko, josoko (male-to-female cross-dresser)
klankkleur	n	de · mv. klankkleuren	timbre
cryptomunt	n	de · mv. cryptomunten	cryptocurrency; cryptocoin (monetary unit of a cryptocurrency)
witgoud	n	het	white gold
boxershort	n	de · mv. boxershorts	a pair of boxer briefs
zwemkleding	n	de	swimwear
zwempak	n	het · mv. zwempakken	swimsuit, bathing suit
bischierig	a		bi-curious
grotspelonk	n	de · mv. grotspelonken	cave
grottenhyena	n	de · mv. grottenhyena's	cave hyena (as individual or subspecies), Crocuta crocuta spelaea
grottenbeer	n	de · mv. grottenberen	synonym of holenbeer (“cave bear (Ursus spelaeus)”)
grottenleeuw	n	de · mv. grottenleeuwen	synonym of holenleeuw (“cave lion”) (Panthera leo spelaea)
holenleeuw	n	de · mv. holenleeuwen	cave lion (Panthera spelaea or Panthera leo spelaea)
grotbewoner	n	de · mv. grotbewoners	one (human or animal) who inhabits a cave; a troglodyte
vleesboom	n	de · mv. vleesbomen	uterine fibroid, uterine myoma; (now uncommon) any myoma
eenstaatoplossing	m		one-state solution
driftbui	n	de · mv. driftbuien	anger tantrum, fit of anger
natuurbrand	n	de · mv. natuurbranden	wildland fire, wildfire (fire in a natural area)
molotovcocktail	n	de · mv. molotovcocktails	Molotov cocktail
oorlogsverleden	n	het · mv. oorlogsverledens	wartime past, past relating to a war
doofpotaffaire	n	de · mv. doofpotaffaires	cover-up scandal
cryptovaluta	n	de · mv. cryptovaluta's	cryptocurrency
jolen	v	joolde – gejoold	to be gleeful, to revel
vastvriezen	v	vroor vast – vastgevroren	to freeze stuck, to freeze onto something
ondersneeuwen	v	sneeuwde onder – ondergesneeuwd	to become covered with snow; to snow under
gezichtspunt	n	het · mv. gezichtspunten	perspective; opinion
parafilosoof	n	de · mv. parafilosofen	someone who philosophises without training in philosophy, without using…
stapelgek	a		completely mad, totally crazy; completely besotten, infatuated
bewustmaken	v	maakte bewust – bewustgemaakt	to conscientize, to make aware
eensgezind	a		unanimous, consentient (sharing the same view)
spaan	n	de · mv. spanen	chip, shaving (of wood or metal); spatula
aansporing	n	de · mv. aansporingen	encouragement; the act, process or instance of encouraging; incentive
verslappen	v	verslappte – verslappt	to extenuate (make thin or slender); to wilt, to fatigue; to relax, sag, slack (to lose firmness)
verscherpen	v	verscherpte – verscherpt	to sharpen, to tighten; to strengthen
ploeggenoot	n	de · mv. ploeggenoten	teammate
teammaat	n	de · mv. teammaten	teammate
werkeiland	n	het · mv. werkeilanden	an artificial island created for construction purposes
koraaleiland	n	het · mv. koraaleilanden	atoll, coral island
getijdeneiland	n	het · mv. getijdeneilanden	tidal island
eilandnatie	n	de · mv. eilandnaties	island nation
knurft	n	de · mv. knurften	a stupid, silly person; a buffoon
dendrochronologie	n	de · mv. dendrochronologieën	dendrochronology
afkraken	v	kraakte af – afgekraakt	to criticise in a petty and destructive manner
krakeling	n	de · mv. krakelingen	a brittle, usually sweet pretzel-shaped pastry, often a puff pastry
megastal	n	de · mv. megastallen	a particularly large stable, that can house hundreds of cattle or thousands…
goudeerlijk	a		very honest, fully honest
netneutraliteit	n	de	net neutrality
nepneutraliteit	n	de	a form of regulated protection of internet access, etc. that doesn't amount…
rayonkartel	n	het · mv. rayonkartels	regional cartel; a cartel that geographically subdivides a market into…
inlevingsvermogen	n	het · mv. inlevingsvermogens	empathy
geneagram	n		genogram
xenohormoon	n	het · mv. xenohormonen	xenohormone
insolide	a		unsolid; unreliable, untrustworthy
bucolisch	a		bucolic
chocomel	n	de	synonym of chocolademelk
streaken	v	streakte – gestreakt	to streak (to run naked in public, especially at sports games)
smuigen	v	smuigde – gesmuigd	to eat secretly, to snack in secrecy
stigmatiseren	v	stigmatiseerde – gestigmatiseerd	to mark with the stigmata; to stigmatise/stigmatize (to consider or label as shameful)
bestuursapparaat	n	het · mv. bestuursapparaten	administrative apparatus, government apparatus
stamdag	n	de · mv. stamdagen	tribal gathering day
omdrinken	v	dronk om – omgedronken	to pass a vessel around and take a sip from it
hoorzitting	n	de · mv. hoorzittingen	hearing (proceeding for hearing arguments and discussion)
voorzitting	n	de · mv. voorzittingen	the act of presiding over a meeting; front seat of a vehicle
voorzitten	v	zat voor – voorgezeten	to preside, to lead a gathering
geboortebeperking	n	de · mv. geboortebeperkingen	birth control
tegendemonstrant	n	de · mv. tegendemonstranten	counterdemonstrator
gekunsteld	a		contrived (unnatural and forced)
mitsgaders	p		besides, together with, as well as
mitsgaders	d		besides, furthermore
pleiner	n	de · mv. pleiners	a type of middle-class nozem from Amsterdam inspired by modern art, French…
dijker	n	de · mv. dijkers	a type of working-class nozem from Amsterdam inspired by pop culture and…
wiiën	v	wiide – gewiid	to play on a Nintendo Wii
wraakporno	n	de	revenge porn
dichtslaan	v	sloeg dicht – dichtgeslagen	to slam shut, to be slammed shut; to lose composure or become confused so that one becomes unable to react
veldwerk	n	het	fieldwork
procrustesbed	n	het · mv. procrustesbedden	procrustean bed
oudsher	d		traditionally
noodklok	n	de · mv. noodklokken	alarm bell
acarologie	n	de	acarology
verifiëren	v	verifieerde – geverifieerd	to verify
sneeuwschuiver	n	de · mv. sneeuwschuivers	snow plough
kroos	n	het	duckweed
werkwoordelijk	a		verbal
uitrijden	v	reed uit – uitgereden	to ride or drive out of something; to spread while driving
Notel	m		a neighbourhood of Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Darp	m		a village in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
rondkomen	v	kwam rond – rondgekomen	to make ends meet
voorgeven	v	gaf voor – voorgegeven	to feign, to pretend
beroering	n	de · mv. beroeringen	turmoil, tumult, commotion, ruckus, agitation
onafwendbaar	a		ineluctable, inevitable, unavoidable (that cannot be prevented or avoided)
afwendbaar	a		preventable, avoidable (that can be prevented or avoided)
belangwekkend	a		interesting
eerzucht	n	de	ambition (with negative connotations)
neuriën	v	neuriede – geneuried	to hum (a melody)
ontboezeming	n	de · mv. ontboezemingen	effusion, outpouring, outburst, ebullition
weetgierig	a		inquisitive, curious (eager and desireful of learning and knowing)
gegevene	n	het	that which has been given
likkepot	n	de · mv. likkepotten	electuary (medicine mixed with honey or some kind of syrup); index finger; creamy paté made of liver (or liverwurst), mayonnaise and other spices and…
bijgerecht	n	het · mv. bijgerechten	side dish
dubben	v	dubde – gedubd	to doubt, to vacillate
forceren	v	forceerde – geforceerd	to coerce, to induce, to persuade; to strain
grondtoon	n	de · mv. grondtonen	fundamental frequency; keynote; the main subject of a poem, talk, etc
begintoon	n	de · mv. begintonen	keynote
vertederen	v	vertederde – vertederd	to soften, to mollify, to dulcify
weemoedig	a		melancholic, wistful
weemoedigheid	n	de	melancholy
zinneloos	a		insane, mad, senseless
hulpvaardig	a		helpful
hulpvaardigheid	n	de	helpfulness
bevangen	v	beving – bevangen	to catch, to grasp
bevangen	a		abashed, shy, timid
onbevangen	a		uninhibited
Joren	m		a male given name
gijn	n	het · mv. gijns	a multiple-pulley block with three cheeks; a heavy tackle consisting of one or two of these blocks
zakkam	n	de · mv. zakkammen	pocket comb
slangenmens	n	de/het · mv. slangenmensen	contortionist (acrobat whose body can be contorted into unusual postures)
nachttrein	n	de · mv. nachttreinen	night train (train that rides during the night)
humanitair	a		humanitarian (pertaining to or concerned with human wellbeing)
rustoord	n	het · mv. rustoorden	retreat, place of rest
okselmouw	n	de · mv. okselmouwen	sleeveless shirt
crowdsurfer	n	de · mv. crowdsurfers	crowd surfer
assteun	n	de · mv. assteunen	jack (a mechanical device used to lift heavy loads)
betonschaar	n	de · mv. betonscharen	bolt cutter, bolt cutters
windhandelaar	n	de · mv. windhandelaars	speculator, speculative investor
boogbal	n	het · mv. boogballen	lob (arching shot or pass)
kliko	n	de · mv. kliko's	wheelie bin (outdoor tall plastic garbage container with two wheels to one side)
machtswellust	n	de	hunger for power, lust for power
machtswellusteling	n	de · mv. machtswellustelingen	power-hungry person; tyrant
wellust	n	de	pleasure, lust; lust, lechery, sensual pleasure; desire
fotomodel	n	het · mv. fotomodellen	photographic model
kokerworm	n	de · mv. kokerwormen	tubeworm (marine polychaete worm constructing tubes)
stokaas	n	het	larva of the caddis fly; (collectively) larvae of the caddisfly
kokerjuffer	n	de · mv. kokerjuffers	caddis fly larva
Kikker	n	de · mv. Kikkers	a beatnik from The Hague
Ool	m		a village in Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
timmervrouw	n	de · mv. timmervrouwen	female carpenter
timmeraar	n	de · mv. timmeraars	carpenter
kech	n	de · mv. kechs	whore (usually as a term of abuse for a woman)
persmuskiet	n	de · mv. persmuskieten	newshawk
fattouch	n		fattouch
tussengelegen	a		intervening, lying between
muziekzender	n	de · mv. muziekzenders	music channel (radio or television channel that (exclusively or mostly)…
tovergodin	n	de · mv. tovergodinnen	female fairy, female fay
loofboom	n	de · mv. loofbomen	any tree with leaves that are not needle-like (such as those that coniferous…
bijvakker	n	de · mv. bijvakkers	one who takes a subject as a minor subject
hoofdvakker	n	de · mv. hoofdvakkers	one who takes a subject as a major subject
beatmis	n	de · mv. beatmissen	a mass accompanied by beat music
Oeteldonk	m		Nickname of 's-Hertogenbosch or Den Bosch during Carnival
levenslucht	n	de	air, considered as life-giving; breath
kunstmens	n	de · mv. kunstmensen	artificial human (eg. a robot, golem or like Frankenstein's monster); artistic person, art lover
overkoken	v	kookte over – overgekookt	to boil over
rollade	n	de · mv. rollades	roulade (piece of rolled spiced meat, though generally not filled)
binnendringen	v	drong binnen – binnengedrongen	to encroach, to intrude, to penetrate, to invade, to interlope (to intrude…
hemelgeest	n	de · mv. hemelgeesten	angel; heaven or sky spirit
verzorgingsplaats	n	de · mv. verzorgingsplaatsen	rest area (next to a highway)
krijgsgod	n	de · mv. krijgsgoden	god of war
krijgsgodin	n	de · mv. krijgsgodinnen	goddess of war
nachtbus	n	de · mv. nachtbussen	night bus (bus that operates at night)
schuldenaar	n	de · mv. schuldenaren	debtor; obligor
bijldrager	n	de · mv. bijldragers	lictor; axeman
overgeloof	n	het · mv. overgeloven	superstition
Goot	n	de · mv. Goten	Goth
Deltaplan	m		Delta Plan; the infrastructural project that led to the construction of the…
Deltaplan	n	het · mv. Deltaplannen	Delta Plan, typically in references to a more conceptual stage or in plural uses
deltaplan	n	het · mv. deltaplannen	a high-priority government project aimed at fundamentally addressing a…
rivierdelta	n	de · mv. rivierdelta's	river delta
rivierengebied	n	het · mv. rivierengebieden	river area (area or ecosystem defined or influenced by a river)
riviermonding	n	de · mv. riviermondingen	river mouth
hovaardig	a		haughty, arrogant
verhovaardigen	v	verhovaardigde – verhovaardigd	to be or to become arrogant, to be or to become boastful [with op ‘about’]
agnost	n	de · mv. agnosten	agnostic
tabernakel	n	de/het · mv. tabernakels	tabernacle (tent used as temple); tabernacle (cupboard for storing consecrated hosts in Catholic churches)
stressen	v	streste – gestrest	to be stressed
revisionistisch	a		revisionist
trotskistisch	a		Trotskyite
marxistisch-leninistisch	a		Marxist-Leninist
activistisch	a		activist
revisionisme	n	het · mv. revisionismes	revisionism
marxist	n	de · mv. marxisten	a Marxist
stekel	n	de · mv. stekels	prickle (small, sharp pointed object); spine (rigid, pointed surface protuberance or needle-like structure on an…
stekel	a		rabid (affected with rabies)
oxytocine	n	de	oxytocin
rookwaar	n	de · mv. rookwaren	smoking products (tobacco products, sometimes including other smoked drugs…
zelfrijdend	a		self-driving
mesdjid	n	de · mv. mesdjids	mosque
vijgcactus	n	de · mv. vijgcactussen	A prickly pear cactus; any cactus species or individual cactus from the…
cactusvijg	n	de · mv. cactusvijgen	a prickly pear, an Indian fig
Barbarije	m		Barbary (the Mediterranean coastal region of North Africa)
woestijnvijg	n	de · mv. woestijnvijgen	a prickly pear, an Indian fig
atoomproef	n	de · mv. atoomproeven	nuclear test (nuclear weapons' test)
kernproef	n	de · mv. kernproeven	nuclear test (nuclear weapons' test)
eendengroen	n	het	common duckweed (Lemna minor)
rondetijd	n	de · mv. rondetijden	lap time
ruimtependel	n	de · mv. ruimtependels	space shuttle (reusable spacecraft)
Basjkiers	m		Bashkir, the Bashkir language
Basjkiers	a		Bashkir, Bashkirian
ruilhart	n	het · mv. ruilharten	transplanted heart, donor heart
nevens	p		beside, next to; in addition to
boomkor	n	de · mv. boomkorren	a beam trawl
pulskor	n	de · mv. pulskorren	an electronic pulse trawl
minnegod	n	de · mv. minnegoden	cupid
mingodin	n	de · mv. mingodinnen	goddess of love
parelvisser	n	de · mv. parelvissers	pearl fisher, pearl diver
vegaburger	n	de · mv. vegaburgers	a vegetarian burger; a vegetarian substitute or alternative for a hamburger
boetiek	n	de · mv. boetieks	boutique, shop (in particular a trendy upmarket one or one selling clothes…
lichtlichaam	n	het · mv. lichtlichamen	light body (vaguely human-shaped body made up of light, e.g. as an extension…
dementie	n	de	dementia, dotage
zepig	a		soapy
absurditeit	n	de · mv. absurditeiten	absurdity
Bulgaar	n	de · mv. Bulgaren	Bulgar, Bulgarian (person)
vormleer	n	de	morphology (study or exposition of morphemes); morphology (study of landforms); morphology (study of the forms of organisms)
vormenleer	n	de	Plato's theory of the world of ideas
zonet	d		just now, just a moment ago
Rosita	m		a female given name
schuifmaat	n	de · mv. schuifmaten	vernier caliper, vernier scale
carpoolen	v	carpoolde – gecarpoold	to carpool; to share a car to save fuel, fuel costs, etc
verbroederen	v	verbroederde – verbroederd	to unite, to fraternise/fraternize, to bring together
trialoog	n	de · mv. trialogen	trialogue; an informal negotiating meeting between representatives of the…; trialogue, a conversation with three participants
Guatemalteeks	a		Guatemalan (of, from, or pertaining to Guatemala or its people)
Guatemalaans	a		Guatemalan (of, from, or pertaining to Guatemala or its people)
jodenchristen	n	de · mv. jodenchristennen	Jewish Christian (typically used for early Christian groups like the Ebionites)
appelsiensap	n	het · mv. appelsiensappen	orange juice; a serving of orange juice
dopeling	n	de · mv. dopelingen	a baptizand (US) or baptisand (Commonwealth); someone who is to be baptised…
vuurdoop	n	de · mv. vuurdopen	baptism by fire, baptism of fire (a trying ordeal as one's first experience,…
egelvarken	n	het · mv. egelvarkens	hedgehog; porcupine
eendenmol	n	de · mv. eendenmollen	platypus, duckmole
haarschuier	n	de · mv. haarschuiers	hairbrush
Istmisch	a		pertaining to the Isthmus of Corinth
kiesstelsel	n	het · mv. kiesstelsels	electoral system
rayonhoofd	n	het · mv. rayonhoofden	one who is responsible for one of the 22 route segments ("regions") of the…
klunen	v	kluunde – gekluund	to walk over land while wearing ice skates
kolder	n	de	madness, insanity, craziness; nonsense; a medieval piece of leather armour covering the torso
rondeel	n	het · mv. rondelen	a semi-circular outcropping tower in a fortification, a roundel
stouw	n	de · mv. stouwen	herd of livestock
spoedeisend	a		urgent
schuier	n	de · mv. schuiers	a flat cloth brush
schuieren	v	schuierde – geschuierd	to brush (usually with a flat brush)
broddelen	v	broddelde – gebroddeld	to bumble, to mess up (one's handcrafted work) (generally relating to…; to speak incomprehensibly with incorrect grammar
sagopalm	n	de · mv. sagopalmen	sago palm, any palm or palm-like plant that produces sago
cijferkunst	n	de	arithmetic
afmikken	v	mikte af – afgemikt	to bounce off with a projectile; to measure, especially by mere eyesight
kadavereus	a		cadaverous, resembling a cadaver
vleugellam	a		injured in the wing; incapable of action, unable to act
zoolganger	n	de · mv. zoolgangers	plantigrade, an animal that walks using the entire sole of the foot
typgeit	n	de · mv. typgeiten	a female secretary whose work mainly consists of typing
tikgeit	n	de · mv. tikgeiten	a female secretary whose work mainly consists of typing
arbeidsmigrant	n	de · mv. arbeidsmigranten	labour migrant
konnichiwa	i		good day, hello, konnichiwa
waterplant	n	de · mv. waterplanten	an aquatic plant, a waterplant
Achel	m		a village and former municipality of Hamont-Achel, Belgium
jeugdcriminaliteit	n	de	youth crime (crime perpetrated by minors)
zurkel	n	de · mv. zurkels	sorrel, one of the several plants from the genus Rumex
labradoedel	n	de · mv. labradoedels	Labradoodle, labradoodle (crossbreed between a Labrador retriever and a poodle)
poedelnaakt	a		buck naked, stark naked, butt-naked
dwergvalk	n	de · mv. dwergvalken	any falcon of the genera Microhierax and Polihierax; falconet or pygmy falcon
tolweg	n	de · mv. tolwegen	toll road, turnpike
baardloos	a		beardless (not having a beard)
roker	n	de · mv. rokers	smoker, one who smokes
rokertje	n	het · mv. rokertjes	cigarette
toekomstverwachting	n	de · mv. toekomstverwachtingen	eschatological expectation(s) or beliefs, apocalyptic beliefs, expectation…; expectation regarding the future
antirookmagiër	m		Nickname or persona of Robert Jasper Grootveld, who would lead anti-smoking…
antirookmagiër	n	de · mv. antirookmagiërs	an opponent of smoking, usually a provo
magiër	n	de · mv. magiërs	mage, sorcerer; magus, Zoroastrian priest; magician, illusionist
ongediertebestrijding	n	de · mv. ongediertebestrijdingen	pest control (activity of exterminating pests); pest control service, pest control agency
kouten	v	koutte – gekout	to banter, to chit-chat, to babble
bemazzel	n	de · mv. bemazzels	lucky devil (person who is lucky)
bodemerij	n	de · mv. bodemerijen	bottomry (loan with a ship or goods as collateral)
gasbeving	n	de · mv. gasbevingen	an earthquake caused by the extraction of fossil gas
gaswinning	n	de · mv. gaswinningen	natural gas (fossil fuel) extraction
ademnood	n	de	shortness of breath, dyspnea
kraaloog	n	het · mv. kraalogen	beady eye; bead used as an eye (in dolls)
zesthalf	u		five and a half
zesthalf	n	de · mv. zesthalven	a coin equivalent to five and a half stiver (27½ cent); Nickname for kwartje, equivalent to five stivers (25 cents)
elpenbeen	n	het	ivory
levensleugen	n	de · mv. levensleugens	grand lie, grand delusion, sustained (self-)delusion, lived lie
rookabri	n	de · mv. rookabri's	a smoking shelter
buitenwerk	n	het · mv. buitenwerken	an outwork, a separate smaller fortification serving to enhance the defence…; work outside, outdoor work
buitentijds	d		outside regular or stipulated hours
buitentijds	a		timeless, ageless, eternal
apostolaat	n	het	apostolate, apostleship (office or state of being an apostle); evangelisation, proselytisation, mission
condoleantie	n	de · mv. condoleanties	condolence
steenvrucht	n	de · mv. steenvruchten	stone fruit, drupe
mondvol	n	de · mv. mondenvol	mouthful; morsel; bite
civilisationeel	a		civilisational
bestevader	n	de · mv. bestevaders	grandfather
bestemoeder	n	de · mv. bestemoeders	grandmother
Swifterbant	m		a village in Dronten, Flevoland, Netherlands
grafgift	n	de · mv. grafgiften	grave good (item buried as part of a burial)
onlust	n	de · mv. onlusten	disturbance, unrest
nachtvorst	n	de	overnight frost, ground frost
decentralisering	n	de · mv. decentraliseringen	decentralisation
stereotyperen	v	stereotypeerde – gestereotypeerd	to stereotype
stereotypering	n	de · mv. stereotyperingen	the act of stereotyping, conforming views about an individual to generalised…; a stereotype
vastbijten	v	beet vast – vastgebeten	to bite deep; to dig in [with in ‘in’], to continue with resilience [with in], to carry on…
toespelen	v	speelde toe – toegespeeld	to allude; to pass
voorlichter	n	de · mv. voorlichters	informer, educator, counseller (one who raises awareness)
voorlichten	v	lichtte voor – voorgelicht	to raise awareness, to educate, to inform
vuistdiep	d		as deep as a fist; very deep
vuistdiep	a		as deep as a fist
gifmenger	n	de · mv. gifmengers	one who mixes poison into food or drinks, a poisoner
energiedrank	n	de · mv. energiedranken	energy drink
halsmisdaad	n	de · mv. halsmisdaden	capital offence (Commonwealth), capital offense (US) (crime punishable with…
halsmisdrijf	n	het · mv. halsmisdrijven	capital offence (Commonwealth), capital offense (US) (crime punishable with…
moraliter	d		morally
bloedwei	n	de	blood serum
Molenbeek	m		Sint-Jans-Molenbeek, commonly known as Molenbeek, a municipality in the…
micro-organisme	n	het · mv. micro-organismen	micro-organism
veenkolonie	n	de · mv. veenkoloniën	a settlement that arose as a result of peat excavation
paranoïcus	n	de · mv. paranoïci	a paranoid person, a paranoid
piratenschip	n	het · mv. piratenschepen	pirate ship
oercontinent	n	het · mv. oercontinenten	primordial supercontinent
damclub	n	de · mv. damclubs	checker club
snauwen	v	snauwde – gesnauwd	to snap, to sneer, to snarl
zwemblaas	n	de · mv. zwemblazen	swim bladder
ijskoffie	n	de · mv. ijskoffies	iced coffee; a serving of iced coffee
stommiteit	n	de · mv. stommiteiten	a stupidity, a stupid action
lokoma	n	de · mv. lokoma's	a police officer posing as an elderly woman in an attempt to lure and arrest…
ploert	n	de · mv. ploerten	scoundrel, bounder; git, jerk
huisploert	n	de · mv. huisploerten	the landlady or landlord of a student's housing
ploertendoder	n	de · mv. ploertendoders	a cosh, blackjack or similar flexible blunt weapon containing heavy…
tongval	n	de · mv. tongvallen	accent (pronunciation influenced by a particular lect); dialect
notenschrift	n	het · mv. notenschriften	musical notation
washand	n	de · mv. washanden	a washing mitt; a pouch-like piece of terry cloth used for personal hygiene
Kaaps	a		of, from or relating to the Cape of Good Hope
Vlaamse	n	de · mv. Vlaamsen	a Flemish woman
doorlezen	v	las door – doorgelezen	to read completely, to peruse; to continue reading, to resume reading; to spend time reading
verruilen	v	verruilde – verruild	to exchange [with voor ‘for’], to trade in
pyrietziekte	n	de · mv. pyrietziekten	pyrite disease (when pyrite, a form of iron sulphide, oxidises into iron…
eigenaard	n	de · mv. eigenaarden	the essence or nature of a person or thing
agendaseks	n	de	a sexual encounter planned in advance to fit in a busy schedule
geldezel	n	de · mv. geldezels	a money mule (front who makes a bank account available to criminals)
brekebeen	n	de · mv. brekebenen	a clumsy or incompetent person; a person who broke one of his or her limbs or other bones; often one who…
witgat	n	de · mv. witgatten	the green sandpiper, Tringa ochropus
roodhaar	n	de · mv. roodharen	a ginger, a redhead, a red-haired person
weetal	n	de · mv. weetallen	a know-all, a know-it-all
klankbeeld	n	het · mv. klankbeelden	sound image (total spectrum of a sound or totality of the experience of a sound); image used as a visual support in training or educating about speech sounds,…
broncode	n	de · mv. broncodes	source code
zelfbeheersing	n	de	self-control, restraint, composure
bananenboot	n	de · mv. bananenboten	a banana boat, a boat that transports bananas; a banana boat, a yellow inflatable boat; a dessert consisting of one or two bananas, ice cream, whipped cream and…
bacove	n	de · mv. bacoven	banana; plantain
heiligheid	n	de · mv. heiligheden	holiness (quality or state of being holy, sacred); something that is holy
collusie	n	de · mv. collusies	conspiracy, collusion (secret, illicit collaboration)
poeper	n	de · mv. poepers	a butthole, arse/ass, anus; a shitter, a pooper, one who defecates
cargadoor	n	de · mv. cargadoors	an agent who looks after the logistics of loading cargo into a ship, usually…
huisvriend	n	de · mv. huisvrienden	a friend who regularly visits someone at home
bluf-SUV	n	de · mv. bluf-SUVs	an SUV that doesn't function well as an off-road vehicle
krijgstocht	n	de · mv. krijgstochten	military expedition
koopstad	n	de · mv. koopsteden	trading city, trading town; town or city that plays an important role in trade
dierrijk	a		having many animals, full of animals
korjaal	n	de · mv. korjalen	curiara, dugout, hollowed-out canoe, pirogue
burgerzede	n	de · mv. burgerzeden	bourgeois ethic, bourgeois mores
arduin	n	de/het	a bluish grey limestone; bluestone
brandewijnskroeg	n	de · mv. brandewijnskroegen	a pub that primarily serves brandy and other spirits
biofysicus	n	de · mv. biofysici	biophysicist
filantroop	n	de · mv. filantropen	philanthropist
klimvis	n	de · mv. klimvissen	climbing perch, Anabas testudineus
slurfdier	n	het · mv. slurfdieren	an animal of the order Proboscidea
olifantachtige	n	de · mv. olifantachtigen	an animal of the order Proboscidea
olifantachtig	a		belonging to the order Proboscidea; resembling an elephant
gidsfossiel	n	het · mv. gidsfossielen	index fossil (fossil that can be used to date a stratum)
fossielenbestand	n	het	fossil record
fluithaas	n	de · mv. fluithazen	pika, lagomorph of the family Ochotonidae
evenknie	n	de · mv. evenknieën	counterpart, someone or something with a similar role or equal status
dooiaanval	n	de · mv. dooiaanvallen	a prolonged period of thaw
roofmoord	n	de · mv. roofmoorden	murder in the course of robbery (a crime involving murder and (attempted)…
moordcijfer	n	het · mv. moordcijfers	murder rate
boomaarde	n	de	fertile soil primarily consisting of humus
Steeg	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighborhood of Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
windwak	n	het · mv. windwakken	a hole in surface ice caused by winds preventing the water from freezing shut
wijnrank	n	de · mv. wijnranken	grapevine; branch of a grapevine
keerzang	n	de · mv. keerzangen	an antode or antistrophe
sleurgeloof	n	het	a religion practised as a dull traditional routine
dompneus	n	de · mv. dompneuzen	an outsize nose
toekomstmuziek	n	de	something, especially a futuristic proposal, that is very unlikely to be…
afvissen	v	viste af – afgevist	to cover an entire stretch of water in one's fishing (takes bodies of water…; to search thoroughly, especially in water (takes bodies of water as the…
bemesten	v	bemestte – bemest	to fertilise, to manure, to bedung (to apply fertiliser or manure to) (of…
aardslang	n	de · mv. aardslangen	a terrestrial snake, as opposed to aquatic, and sometimes arboreal snakes
radiohoofd	n	het · mv. radiohoofden	an ugly head, a face for radio
Pama	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Ulk	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
onderkin	n	de · mv. onderkinnen	double chin
bedenking	n	de · mv. bedenkingen	doubt, reservation
Klaas	m		a male given name
micellair	a		micellar
schildwacht	n	de · mv. schildwachten	a guard, a sentry, especially in a military or paramilitary context; guard duty
fictie	n	de · mv. ficties	fiction (genre of fictional stories); figment, constructed falsehood
smeltkroes	n	de · mv. smeltkroezen	crucible, melting pot; melting pot (place where heterogeneous things are mixed)
kroes	n	de · mv. kroezen	chalice, cup, drinking vessel; vessel used for heating or smelting resources and raw materials
kroes	a		frizzy, nappy
bomijs	n	het	white, porous ice, caused by a layer of air under the ice
bommenwerper	n	de · mv. bommenwerpers	bomber aircraft
bloedschande	n	de · mv. bloedschanden	incest (sexual activity with a close relative)
eenmotorig	a		having one engine (of motorised means of transport)
tweemotorig	a		having two engines (of motorised means of transport)
driemotorig	a		trimotor: having three motors or three engines (of motorised means of transport)
vijfmotorig	a		having five engines (of motorised means of transport)
zesmotorig	a		having six engines (of motorised means of transport)
achtmotorig	a		having eight engines (of motorised means of transport)
magnaat	n	de · mv. magnaten	magnate, tycoon, mogul (wealthy, powerful and influential person, especially…
booreiland	n	het · mv. booreilanden	drilling rig (platform used in drilling for mineral resources)
schroot	n	het	scrap (discarded metal, junk metal)
konijnenvoer	n	het	rabbit fodder; rabbit food (salads or other typically raw vegetable foods)
Asten	m		Asten (a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands)
bloeisel	n	het · mv. bloeisels	bloom, anything that blooms
Barbarijs	a		of or pertaining to Barbary; Barbary (attributive)
vechtwagen	n	de · mv. vechtwagens	tank (armoured fighting vehicle with caterpillar track)
schroothoop	n	de · mv. schroothopen	junkyard, scrapheap
worstenbrood	n	het · mv. worstenbroden	hot dog (sausage in a bread roll)
anusridder	n	de · mv. anusridders	fag
T-bonesteak	n	de · mv. T-bonesteaks	T-bone steak
zwin	n	het · mv. zwinnen	a deep trench between sandy segments of a sea coast (eg. between sandbars or…
T-vormig	a		T-shaped
wetering	n	de · mv. weteringen	an artificial or partially artificial waterway, a canal; particularly one…
zaniken	v	zanikte – gezanikt	to nag, to complain, to whine
medicijnman	n	de · mv. medicijnmannen	medicine man, witch doctor
wikken	v	wikte – gewikt	to consider, ponder, weigh various options
pappie	n	de · mv. pappies	daddy, dad
klimaatverandering	n	de · mv. klimaatveranderingen	climate change
hommelbij	n	de · mv. hommelbijen	bumblebee
hermelijnen	a		ermine, consisting of white stoat fur
roversschip	n	het · mv. roversschepen	pirate ship
zeeroversschip	n	het · mv. zeeroversschepen	pirate ship
waterpartij	n	de · mv. waterpartijen	an decorative or recreational artificial water feature
vroegstuk	n	het · mv. vroegstukken	synonym of ontbijt (“breakfast”)
bloedgroep	n	de · mv. bloedgroepen	blood type; background, especially in an organisation that is the result of a merger
belastinggeld	n	het · mv. belastinggelden	tax money
overheidsgeld	n	het · mv. overheidsgelden	government money
bloedgeld	n	het	blood money (money acquired at the cost of someone's life, or by causing…; wergeld
geldaanbod	n	het	money supply
geldhoeveelheid	n	de · mv. geldhoeveelheden	money supply; any particular quantity of money
geldvoorraad	n	de	money supply
geldillusie	n	de	money illusion
geldhandel	n	de	money trade
geldneutraliteit	n	de	neutrality of money
geldgroei	n	de	increase of the money supply, the short-term nominal interest rate
handelsoorlog	n	de · mv. handelsoorlogen	a trade war (mutual imposition of trade barriers)
drachtig	a		gestating, pregnant
schoener	n	de · mv. schoeners	schooner (type of sailing ship)
smous	n	de · mv. smousen	Jew; a small breed of terrier with a light to dark beige fur, native to the…
voltreffer	n	de · mv. voltreffers	something (usually a projectile or a shot) that hits its target; (by…
buurtschap	n	de/het · mv. buurtschappen	a small hamlet, a group of houses; generally without any central feature and…
buurschap	n	de · mv. buurschappen	the condition of being neighbours
minnemoeder	n	de · mv. minnemoeders	wetnurse
mierenleeuw	n	de · mv. mierenleeuwen	antlion, any larve of the family Myrmeleontidae; larve of Myrmeleon formicarius
smoushond	n	de · mv. smoushonden	synonym of smous (“Dutch dog-breed”)
zeisen	v	zeiste – gezeist	to scythe
bitterbal	n	de · mv. bitterballen	a spherical croquette filled with ragout
molentocht	n	de · mv. molentochten	a small waterway that connects all the other waterways in a polder to a…
brandschip	n	het · mv. brandschepen	fireship
integraalrekening	n	de	the field of calculus dedicated to the study of antiderivatives and integrals; the method of calculating antiderivatives and integrals
informatiebron	n	de · mv. informatiebronnen	source of information
Bas	m		a male given name
pijporgel	n	het · mv. pijporgels	pipe organ
mondorgel	n	het · mv. mondorgels	harmonica, mouth organ
kuifpinguïn	n	de · mv. kuifpinguïns	penguin of the genus Eudyptes
keelbandpinguïn	n	de · mv. keelbandpinguïns	chinstrap penguin (Pygoscelis antarcticus)
kinbandpinguïn	n	de · mv. kinbandpinguïns	chinstrap penguin (Pygoscelis antarcticus)
stormbandpinguïn	n	de · mv. stormbandpinguïns	chinstrap penguin (Pygoscelis antarcticus)
macaronipinguïn	n	de · mv. macaronipinguïns	macaroni penguin (Eudyptes chrysolophus)
Laude	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
kladpapier	n	het · mv. kladpapieren	scrap paper
kweekhuis	n	het · mv. kweekhuizen	greenhouse
broeikas	n	de · mv. broeikassen	greenhouse
broeien	v	broeide – gebroeid	to be hot; to heat (up)
broeibak	n	de · mv. broeibakken	a rectangular container with one or more lids on the top containing windows,…
kweekbak	n	de · mv. kweekbakken	a rectangular container with one or more lids on the top containing windows,…; any container with translucent elements used in the cultivation of plants; any container used in the cultivation of microorganisms in a laboratory
municipaliteit	n	de · mv. municipaliteiten	municipality (mainly in reference to the period of French rule)
saampjes	d		together
toendra	n	de · mv. toendra's	tundra
scheldpartij	n	de · mv. scheldpartijen	a bout or fit of using insults and profanity; (if mutual) a slanging match
lichttoren	n	de · mv. lichttorens	any other tower that emits a large amount of light
torenwacht	n	de · mv. torenwachten	tower guard (guard that guards a tower; both one individual and a group)
vuursein	n	het · mv. vuurseinen	a fire signal, especially as a signalling light for navigation; a signal to open fire with ranged weapons
vuursignaal	n	het · mv. vuursignalen	a fire signal, especially as a signalling light for communication
vogelstruis	n	de · mv. vogelstruisen	ostrich
parenclub	n	de · mv. parenclubs	swingers' club
geheelonthouder	n	de · mv. geheelonthouders	teetotaller, teetotaler
contactdoos	n	de · mv. contactdozen	electrical socket, particularly one that isn't attached to a wall
contactpersoon	n	de · mv. contactpersonen	contact, contact person
leugendetector	n	de · mv. leugendetectors	lie detector (contraption supposed to detect whether subjects are lying or not)
contactloos	a		contactless, without (physical) contact
conjecturaal	a		conjectural
durfbank	n	de · mv. durfbanken	a bank specialised (or otherwise engaging) in high-risk investment and…
ooftwijn	n	de	wine made from fruits that grow on trees
busmeester	n	de · mv. busmeesters	official who supervises firearms and artillery; treasurer
penningmeesteres	n	de · mv. penningmeesteressen	female treasurer
burgerkrijg	n	de · mv. burgerkrijgen	civil war
zitski	n	de · mv. zitski's	sit-ski
zitskiën	v	zitskiede – gezitskied	to sitski
zitskiër	n	de · mv. zitskiërs	sit-skier (one who practices sitskiing)
zitskiester	n	de · mv. zitskiesters	female sit-skier (woman who practices sitskiing)
redekundig	a		pertaining to phrases
menstruatie	n	de · mv. menstruaties	menstruation
normtaal	n	de · mv. normtalen	normative language, a language standard that is considered normative
normaalvector	n	de · mv. normaalvectoren	a vector that is perpendicular to another element (e.g. a plane or line)
eenheidsvector	n	de · mv. eenheidsvectoren	unit vector (vector with length 1)
raakvector	n	de · mv. raakvectoren	tangent vector (vector touching a curve or surface)
normaalverdeling	n	de · mv. normaalverdelingen	normal distribution (Gaussian distribution)
eenheidsmatrix	n	de · mv. eenheidsmatrices	identity matrix, unit matrix
identiteitsmatrix	n	de · mv. identiteitsmatrices	identity matrix
cladistiek	n	de	cladistics
zadelpijn	n	de	pain or ache in the buttocks and thighs due to prolonged use of a rigid or…
fiscalist	n	de · mv. fiscalisten	a tax advisor
elitair	a		elitist, relating to or characteristic of elites; elitist, demonstrating or betraying elitist attitudes
eenheidsuitgang	n	de · mv. eenheidsuitgangen	a single ending for a given grammatical category (e.g. person, gender, number)
hoofdrekenaar	n	de · mv. hoofdrekenaars	one who performs mental arithmetic, mental calculation
blauwgrijs	a		blue-grey
grijsblauw	a		blue-grey, grey-blue
grauwblauw	a		grey-blue, blue-grey
blauwgrauw	a		blue-grey
staalblauw	a		blue-grey
machtsverheffing	n	de · mv. machtsverheffingen	exponentiation, the activity or action of raising something to the power of…
webstek	n	de · mv. webstekken	website, now especially a personal website
vandaliseren	v	vandaliseerde – gevandaliseerd	to vandalise
bemeesteren	v	bemeesterde – bemeesterd	to master
altemet	d		sometimes, now and then; maybe, perhaps
differentiatie	n	de · mv. differentiaties	differentiation (creation or arising of difference); differentiation (differentiating, calculating the derivative)
huwelijksdrang	n	de	an urge to marry
huwelijksdwang	n	de	forced marriage, marriage under duress
aanlappen	v	lapte aan – aangelapt	to conjoin, to put together
stuken	v	stuukte – gestuukt	to plaster
stukadoor	n	de · mv. stukadoors	plasterer
whatsapp	n	de · mv. whatsapps	WhatsApp (a message sent via WhatsApp); A chatgroup on Whatsapp
dwergnijlpaard	n	het · mv. dwergnijlpaarden	pygmy hippopotamus (Choeropsis liberiensis, syn. Hexaprotodon liberiensis)
Burum	m		a village and former municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
topverkoper	n	de · mv. topverkopers	a top salesperson (successful or skilled seller)
melkglas	n	het · mv. melkglazen	milk glass, white opal glass; milk glass, glass from which one drinks milk
vierpuntsdruktoets	n	de · mv. vierpuntsdruktoetsen	D-pad
druktoets	n	de · mv. druktoetsen	push button (a button switch activated by pushing or pressing)
geplogenheid	n	de · mv. geplogenheden	custom
luchtreus	n	de · mv. luchtreuzen	giant aircraft
ruilkaartspel	n	het · mv. ruilkaartspellen	trading card game
ruilkaart	n	de · mv. ruilkaarten	trading card
paspop	n	de · mv. paspoppen	mannequin
sleutelrol	n	de · mv. sleutelrollen	key role, crucial role
sleutelfiguur	n	de · mv. sleutelfiguren	key figure, crucial character or person
sleutelroman	n	de · mv. sleutelromans	a novel about real-life people and events (though possibly with altered names)
lijnintegraal	n	de · mv. lijnintegralen	line integral (integral of a curve or curve segment)
differentiaalquotiënt	n	het · mv. differentiaalquotiënten	derivative, limit of a difference quotient
integrist	n	de · mv. integristen	a politically antimodernist Roman Catholic; an integrist
altsleutel	n	de · mv. altsleutels	alto clef
puimsteen	n	de · mv. puimstenen	pumice
bekrassen	v	bekraste – bekrast	to scratch on, to produce scratches on; to daub on
sarcoom	n	het · mv. sarcomen	sarcoma
gladakker	n	de · mv. gladakkers	a sneak, a cheat, a slick
bemetselen	v	bemetselde – bemetseld	to apply masonry to (with bricks)
vechtlust	n	de	eagerness to fight, truculence
achterkleinkind	n	het · mv. achterkleinkinderen	great-grandchild
hoogbejaarde	n	de · mv. hoogbejaarden	very old person (often defined as aged 80 or older)
vechtlustig	a		bellicose, truculent
dwerghoen	n	het · mv. dwerghoenders	bantam
hoenderkoper	n	de · mv. hoenderkopers	merchant in chickens
boshoen	n	het · mv. boshoenders	any of several fowl of the genus Megapodius; scrubfowl
hoendermelker	n	de · mv. hoendermelkers	fowl fancier, fowl keeper or fowl breeder
korhoen	n	het · mv. korhoenders	black grouse, blackgame (Lyrurus tetrix syn. Tetrao tetrix)
korhen	n	de · mv. korhennen	female black grouse
rakkelhoen	n	het · mv. rakkelhoenders	a naturally occurring cross of a black grouse and a western capercaillie,…
auerhoen	n	het · mv. auerhoenders	western capercaillie, wood grouse (Tetrao urogallus)
auerhaan	n	de · mv. auerhanen	male western capercaillie, male wood grouse
auerhen	n	de · mv. auerhennen	female western capercaillie, female wood grouse
berghoen	n	het · mv. berghoenders	any fowl of the genus Tetraogallus; a snowcock
afknauwen	v	knauwde af – afgeknauwd	to gnaw off
knauwen	v	knauwde – geknauwd	to gnaw
bezabberen	v	bezabberde – bezabberd	to drool on, to drivel on; to stain, to besmirch
ruigpoothoen	n	het · mv. ruigpoothoenders	any bird of the family Tetraoninae; grouse
boomhoen	n	het · mv. boomhoenders	certain tree-dwelling birds of the family Cracidae
hoenderhok	n	het · mv. hoenderhokken	chicken coop, henhouse
zandhoen	n	het · mv. zandhoenders	sandgrouse; any bird of the family Pteroclididae
waterral	n	de · mv. waterrallen	water rail (Rallus aquaticus)
fluweelhoen	n	het · mv. fluweelhoenders	synonym of waterral (“water rail (Rallus aquaticus)”)
zijdehoen	n	het · mv. zijdehoenders	synonym of waterral (“water rail (Rallus aquaticus)”); a silkie, often considered a breed of bantam chicken
moerhoen	n	het · mv. moerhoenderen	synonym of korhoen (“black grouse, blackgame (Lyrurus tetrix syn. Tetrao…
berkhoen	n	het · mv. berkhoenders	black grouse, blackgame (Lyrurus tetrix syn. Tetrao tetrix)
ijshoen	n	het · mv. ijshoenders	any of two species of birds in the family Chionidae
zuidpoolkip	n	de · mv. zuidpoolkippen	paddy, snowy sheathbill, Chionis albus; any of two species of birds in the family Chionidae
minnehoen	n	het · mv. minnehoenders	a chicken or other fowl eaten by newlyweds on the morning after the wedding…
bruidsgoed	n	het · mv. bruidsgoederen	dowry, wedding gift; wedding clothes (particularly those of a bride)
zwartvoetpinguïn	n	de · mv. zwartvoetpinguïns	African penguin, blackfooted penguin (Spheniscus demersus)
Sassenheim	m		a village and former municipality of Teylingen, South Holland, Netherlands…
heiligenschijn	n	de · mv. heiligenschijnen	heiligenschein (optical phenomenon causing bright area around the shadow of…; halo, nimbus
coulisselandschap	n	het · mv. coulisselandschappen	bocage, mixed woodland and pasture
paashaasschaamhaarverzamelaar	n	de · mv. paashaasschaamhaarverzamelaars	a collector of pubic hair from the Easter Bunny
afwitten	v	witte af – afgewit	to paint or chalk white; to complete painting white; to remove chalk or white paint from
palmkruis	n	het · mv. palmkruisen	palm frond cross
paasvuur	n	het · mv. paasvuren	Easter fire
paasbaken	n	het · mv. paasbakens	Easter fire
paasbult	n	de · mv. paasbulten	Easter fire
geslachtsrijp	a		sexually mature
Roel	m		a male given name
theose	n	de	theosis (gradual attainment of mystical union with or likeness to God)
kettervreter	n	de · mv. kettervreters	a heretic hunter; one who opposes or persecutes heretics zealously
voedselbank	n	de · mv. voedselbanken	food bank; a bank for providing food aid abroad
melkiet	n	de · mv. melkieten	Melkite (member of the Greek Orthodox Patriarchate of Alexandria, the Greek…; Melkite (member of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church)
beijzelen	v	beijzelde – beijzeld	to cover with black ice
ijzelen	v	ijzelde – geijzeld	to have black ice form
Bekkeneelberg	m		Golgotha
reisverslag	n	het · mv. reisverslagen	record of a voyage, travelogue, itinerary
havenhoofd	n	het · mv. havenhoofden	jetty, a pier near a harbour
mozaïek	n	het · mv. mozaïeken	mosaic (inlaid artwork)
casinobrood	n	het · mv. casinobroden	bread or a loaf of bread baked in a shut tin, resulting in a regular…
satellietstaat	n	de · mv. satellietstaten	a satellite state (formally sovereign state subject to another jurisdiction)
kamelenteelt	n	de	camel husbandry
inteelt	n	de	inbreeding
madrigaal	n	het · mv. madrigalen	madrigal (unaccompanied polyphonic song)
opperrabbijn	n	de · mv. opperrabbijnen	chief rabbi
hartverscheurend	a		heartrending
hoogachtend	a		having high regard (with an indirect object optionally indicating the object…
hoogachtend	i		yours sincerely, yours faithfully (ending of a formal letter)
lepeltje-lepeltje	d		in the spooning position
zoroastriër	n	de · mv. zoroastriërs	Zoroastrian
zoroastrist	n	de · mv. zoroastristen	Zoroastrian
zoroastristisch	a		Zoroastrian
zoroastrisch	a		Zoroastrian
Zarathoestra	m		Zarathustra, Zoroaster
apostelbrood	n	het · mv. apostelbroden	a large lump of cervelat or salami coated in pepper and other spices
gerstebrood	n	het · mv. gerstebroden	barley bread, barley loaf
twistrede	n	de · mv. twistreden	dispute, argument, controversy (type of discourse involving disagreement)
cilinderdeur	n	de · mv. cilinderdeuren	a semicylindrical cabinet door that can be opened or closed by rotating
kokarde	n	de · mv. kokardes	cockade (mark worn on a hat or other piece of clothing)
barakaan	n	het · mv. barakanen	barracan, camlet
hippen	v		to hop
modieus	a		genteel (stylish, elegant); fashionable (characteristic of or influenced by a current popular trend or…
kijven	v	keef – gekeven	to altercate, to dispute, to wrangle; to scold, to chide
kerkvader	n	de · mv. kerkvaders	Church Father (early male Christian author regarded authoritative)
zeemijn	n	de · mv. zeemijnen	sea mine, naval mine
zoutmijn	n	de · mv. zoutmijnen	salt mine
zilvermijn	n	de · mv. zilvermijnen	silver mine
ijzermijn	n	de · mv. ijzermijnen	iron mine
diamantmijn	n	de · mv. diamantmijnen	diamond mine
mijnarbeider	n	de · mv. mijnarbeiders	miner (mine worker, someone who works in mining)
mineren	v	mineerde – gemineerd	to sap, to mine (to undermine the enemy with tunneling and explosives); to dig shafts in plant organs (of larvae)
kopermijn	n	de · mv. kopermijnen	copper mine
mijnwerkertje	n	het · mv. mijnwerkertjes	a copper coin with a nominal value of 50 centimes
mijnwerkershelm	n	de · mv. mijnwerkershelmen	a mining helmet, a hard hat worn by miners that usually carries a light on…
mijnwerkerslamp	n	de · mv. mijnwerkerslampen	a mining lamp, lamp used in mines, often worn on miners' helmets
mijningenieur	n	de · mv. mijningenieurs	mining engineer
dokwerker	n	de · mv. dokwerkers	dock worker
robijn	n	het	ruby (substance); ruby (gem)
mijngas	n	het · mv. mijngassen	firedamp, mine gas
mijnhout	n	het	wood of which support beams in mines are made; usually conifer wood
mijnramp	n	de · mv. mijnrampen	mine disaster, mining disaster
speciaalbier	n	het · mv. speciaalbieren	beer of any other kind than lager; a glass, bottle or can of the above beverage
mijnenveld	n	het · mv. mijnenvelden	minefield
landmijn	n	de · mv. landmijnen	land mine (explosive device buried in the ground)
mijnwagen	n	de · mv. mijnwagens	minecart
arbeidsemigrant	n	de · mv. arbeidsemigranten	labour emigrant
arbeidsimmigrant	n	de · mv. arbeidsimmigranten	labour immigrant
arduinsteen	n	het	a type of bluish grey limestone; bluestone (substance); a piece of this bluish grey limestone
aangetekend	a		registered
bulhond	n	de · mv. bulhonden	bulldog
grondbelasting	n	de · mv. grondbelastingen	land value tax
buiszwam	n	de · mv. buiszwammen	polyspore, bracket fungus
tijdbom	n	de · mv. tijdbommen	time bomb
aandeelhebster	n	de · mv. aandeelhebsters	female shareholder
Erfgooier	n	de · mv. Erfgooiers	a male from 't Gooi with inherited use rights of the local commons
bulleboer	n	de · mv. bulleboeren	bull keeper
bullebak	n	de · mv. bullebakken	bully, jerk, churl (rude and nasty man)
bovenzang	n	de · mv. bovenzangen	the highest part or register of a multivocal work; soprano register
bewegwijzering	n	de · mv. bewegwijzeringen	signage (signs collectively)
bewegwijzeren	v	bewegwijzerde – bewegwijzerd	to signpost, to furnish with signage
bewegwijzeraar	n	de · mv. bewegwijzeraars	signposter, one who provides signage
filmvertoning	n	de · mv. filmvertoningen	film screening (showing or presentation of a movie)
satyrspel	n	het · mv. satyrspelen	satyr play
tondeldoos	n	de · mv. tondeldozen	tinderbox (container and fire-making tool)
schaarverrekijker	n	de · mv. schaarverrekijkers	a pair of scissor binoculars; a pair of adjustable stereoscopic binoculars…
blaasroer	n	het · mv. blaasroeren	blowgun
blaaspijp	n	de · mv. blaaspijpen	blowgun
verdelger	n	de · mv. verdelgers	exterminator
schachttoren	n	de · mv. schachttorens	mineshaft tower, headframe, pit frame
mijnwezen	n	het	mining (mining sector; mining as an economic activity)
mijnsteenberg	n	de · mv. mijnsteenbergen	spoil heap (mound made up of rubble from mining excavations)
concessieblok	n	het · mv. concessieblokken	license block
concessie	n	de · mv. concessies	concession, compromise; concession (temporal right to exploit a certain area); concession (area for which a right of exploitation has been granted)
kleefrijst	n	de	glutinous rice, sticky rice; Oryza sativa var. glutinosa
maalstroom	n	de · mv. maalstromen	an aquatic vortex, maelstrom, large whirlpool; especially a tidal vortex; any kind of vortex
benenen	v	beneende – beneend	to deny, to negate
bloedeloos	a		bloodless (lacking emotion or vigor); bloodless (lacking blood)
voedingswaarde	n	de · mv. voedingswaarden	nutritional value
piramidestelsel	n	het · mv. piramidestelsels	pyramid scheme (fraudulent financial scheme in which earlier investors are…
trappenpiramide	n	de · mv. trappenpiramiden	step pyramid, stepped pyramid
tegenovergestelde	n	het · mv. tegenovergestelden	opposite (something contrary, antonym)
dichtwerk	n	het · mv. dichtwerken	work of poetry
consuminderen	v	consuminderde – geconsuminderd	to consume less (rarely conjugated)
zuiveringseed	n	de · mv. zuiveringseden	an oath by government ministers and important civil servants in which it is…
paardenrookvlees	n	het	smoked horsemeat
klimplant	n	de · mv. klimplanten	creeper, climbing plant, climber
hatseflats	i		Expresses a sudden or completed occurrence
hatseflats	n	mv. hatseflatsen	a jiffy; a very short moment or very little effort
islamofoob	n	de · mv. islamofoben	Islamophobe (someone with discriminatory or bigoted beliefs about Islam…
islamofoob	a		Islamophobic (discriminatory or bigoted towards Islam and/or Muslims)
islamofobisch	a		Islamophobic (discriminatory or bigoted towards Islam and/or Muslims)
bladerdeeg	n	het · mv. bladerdegen	puff pastry
omkijken	v	keek om – omgekeken	to look back; to look after
bosui	n	de · mv. bosuien	spring onion, scallion (Allium fistulosum); particularly when cultivated for…
lente-ui	n	de · mv. lente-uien	spring onion, scallion (Allium fistulosum); particularly when cultivated for…
stengelui	n	de · mv. stengeluien	spring onion, scallion (Allium fistulosum); particularly when cultivated for…
slijmbal	n	de · mv. slijmballen	a slimeball, sycophant, reprehensible person
blauwheid	n	de · mv. blauwheden	blueness
golfdal	n	het · mv. golfdalen	trough of a wave
mallemolen	n	de · mv. mallemolens	madhouse (overwhelming chaotic place, experience or situation)
prakken	v	prakte – geprakt	to mash food, generally using a fork; to shovel material in sand (e.g. a dune) in order to stabilize it
omzien	v	zag om – omgezien	to look back; to look after (to care for/about)
bruidskoe	n	de · mv. bruidskoeien	bridal cow (cow given by the bride's parents as dowry or as a wedding gift)
vondelingschap	n	het	foundlinghood (state of being a foundling)
betonie	n	de · mv. betonies	betony (Betonica officinalis syn. Stachys officinalis)
beulin	n	de · mv. beulinnen	cruel woman; wife of an executioner
bierenbrood	n	het	a porridge made from beer and bread
zintuiglijk	a		pertaining to the senses; capable of being perceived by the senses; sensory
troonsbestijging	n	de · mv. troonsbestijgingen	enthronement (act of being enthroned)
bestijging	n	de · mv. bestijgingen	climbing an elevation; rising to sit on furniture or mounting a mount; sexual mounting
serafijn	n	de · mv. serafijnen	uraeus-like angel; humanoid angel of the highest rank
standvogel	n	de · mv. standvogels	sedentary bird (bird of a non-migratory population)
standvis	n	de · mv. standvissen	sedentary fish (fish of a non-migratory population)
standwild	n	het	sedentary wild animals (wild animals of a non-migratory population)
trekwild	n	het	migratory wild animals (wild animals of a migratory population)
zangvogel	n	de · mv. zangvogels	songbird; passerine (bird of the order Passeriformes)
ijsbericht	n	het · mv. ijsberichten	ice report, ice message (report about ice forecasts)
achternoen	n	de · mv. achternoenen	afternoon; lunch
bundist	n	de · mv. bundisten	Bundist, adherent of Bundism
bundisme	n	het	Bundism
aanstrompelen	v	strompelde aan – aangestrompeld	to arrive hobbling or stumbling
strompelen	v	strompelde – gestrompeld	to stumble, to walk clumsily; to fall, to stumble
zeeotter	n	de · mv. zeeotters	sea otter (Enhydra lutris)
cadeaukaart	n	de · mv. cadeaukaarten	electronic gift card (debit card that is given as a gift and can be used to…
jaarabonnement	n	het · mv. jaarabonnementen	subscription for a year
werkstraf	n	de · mv. werkstraffen	community service as a substitute for a jail sentence
wantoestand	n	de · mv. wantoestanden	an incorrect, immoral or illegitimate condition or situation, a wrong
ongenoegen	n	het · mv. ongenoegens	chagrin (distress from failure; vexation or mortification); dysphoria (state of feeling unwell, unhappy, restless or depressed)
onderuithalen	v	haalde onderuit – onderuitgehaald	to upend, to undo
afhuren	v	huurde af – afgehuurd	to rent (a property); to rent out, to charter
carnavalsnaam	n	de · mv. carnavalsnamen	a humorous name assigned to numerous towns during the festival of carnival
Koningsdag	n	de · mv. Koningsdagen	a national holiday in the Netherlands, occurring on April 27th (or April…
maakbaar	a		achievable, malleable
kalverliefde	n	de · mv. kalverliefdes	puppy love; a youthful, immature form of love often associated with young people
agnosticus	n	de · mv. agnostici	agnostic
struisvogelpolitiek	n	de	an evasive style of politics that fails to address problems by either…
zandhagedis	n	de · mv. zandhagedissen	sand lizard (Lacerta agilis)
duinhagedis	n	de · mv. duinhagedissen	sand lizard (Lacerta agilis)
soldaatje	n	het · mv. soldaatjes	toy soldier; a term for certain beetles or beetle larvae of the family Cantharidae
invalshoek	n	de · mv. invalshoeken	angle of incidence; a particular manner of treating or approaching something; a line of…
kermodebeer	n	de · mv. kermodeberen	Kermode bear (Ursus americanus kermodei); a subspecies of the American black…
dauwdruppel	n	de · mv. dauwdruppels	dew drop, dew droplet
dauwtrappen	v	dauwtrapte – gedauwtrapt	to hike early in the morning, especially as a custom on Ascension Day
zonnedauw	n	de	sundew, any carnivorous plant of the genus Drosera
morgendauw	n	de	morning dew
hyperparasiet	n	de · mv. hyperparasieten	a hyperparasite, a parasite that parasitises other parasites
kneu	n	de · mv. kneuen	common linnet (Linaria cannabina)
snipperen	v	snipperde – gesnipperd	to cut food into small pieces
glazig	a		glassy, translucent
voorafje	n	het · mv. voorafjes	first course, starter
visboer	n	de · mv. visboeren	fishmonger
afvaart	n	de · mv. afvaarten	departure, sailing
kapster	n	de · mv. kapsters	a female hairdresser (female professional for haircut and hairstyling)
aanhouding	n	de · mv. aanhoudingen	arrest, detention
elitisme	n	het	elitism (support for rule or management by elites; superior attitude or…
toetakelen	v	takelde toe – toegetakeld	to maul, to savage
Nimma	m		Nijmegen
maagkanker	n	de	stomach cancer
maag-darmkanaal	n	het · mv. maag-darmkanalen	digestive tract
spijsverteringskanaal	n	het · mv. spijsverteringskanalen	digestive tract
spijsvertering	n	de · mv. spijsverteringen	digestion
maagbloeding	n	de · mv. maagbloedingen	bleeding from the stomach
maagaandoening	n	de · mv. maagaandoeningen	stomach ailment
hartaandoening	n	de · mv. hartaandoeningen	heart disease
longaandoening	n	de · mv. longaandoeningen	lung ailment, disease
maaginhoud	n	de · mv. maaginhouden	stomach content
maag-darmcatarre	n	de · mv. maag-darmcatarres	catarrh of the stomach or the gut
catarre	n	de · mv. catarres	catarrh, chronic inflammation of the mucous membranes
maagklacht	n	de · mv. maagklachten	stomach complaint
maaghevel	n	de · mv. maaghevels	siphon to empty a stomach
maaglijder	n	de · mv. maaglijders	someone who suffers from a stomach disease
maagpatiënt	n	de · mv. maagpatiënten	someone who suffers from a stomach disease
hartpatiënt	n	de · mv. hartpatiënten	someone who suffers from a heart disease
gymnastiekuur	n	het · mv. gymnastiekuren	an hour in school reserved for gymnastics
je-weet-welkater	n	de · mv. je-weet-welkaters	castrated tomcat
lesuur	n	het · mv. lesuren	hour for lecture
meesterstuk	n	het · mv. meesterstukken	masterpiece
mergelgrot	n	de · mv. mergelgrotten	cave carved in marl
mechanisme	n	het · mv. mechanismen	mechanism
mechaniek	n	de/het · mv. mechanieken	mechanism, device
patiëntenzorg	n	de	patientcare
steunfonds	n	het · mv. steunfondsen	a support fund: fund to give material of immaterial support to certain groups; a support fund of the European Monetary Union, used to bail out the debtors…
voddenbaal	n	de · mv. voddenbalen	a bag of rags. Said to a shabby looking person
vrachtwagenchauffeur	n	de · mv. vrachtwagenchauffeurs	truck driver, lorry driver
pantseren	v	pantserde – gepantserd	to armour
trillerig	a		shaky
truckbestuurder	n	de · mv. truckbestuurders	truck driver
privéchauffeur	n	de · mv. privéchauffeurs	chauffeur: person employed to drive someone's private car
lariekoek	n	de	nonsense, babble, bullshit
lariekoek	i		nonsense, bullshit
bevuilen	v	bevuilde – bevuild	to sully (to corrupt or damage); to dirty, to soil, to defile, to stain, to sully (to make dirty or impure)
m.i.v.	p		met ingang van: (lit) going in ...: meaning 'starting ...'
regelneuker	n	de · mv. regelneukers	someone who strongly adheres to rules; a stickler for rules, a rule fetishist
kommaneuker	n	de · mv. kommaneukers	someone who is very precise with rules, either the official rules or their…
bandenlichter	n	de · mv. bandenlichters	tyre lever, tire iron (for bike wheels)
bandafnemer	n	de · mv. bandafnemers	tyre lever, tire iron (for bike wheels)
pijpbeurt	n	de · mv. pijpbeurten	blowjob
kettingkast	n	de · mv. kettingkasten	chainguard, gear case
rikketik	i		Onomatopoeia for a ticking sound
rikketik	n	de · mv. rikketikken	heart
brandmeester	n	de · mv. brandmeesters	fire captain (of a fire brigade)
maanbeving	n	de · mv. maanbevingen	moonquake
maandagmorgenproduct	n	het · mv. maandagmorgenproducten	faulty product as if it were made on a Monday morning when the workers are…
maandagmorgen	n	de · mv. maandagmorgens	Monday morning
maaneclips	n	de · mv. maaneclipsen	lunar eclipse
zoneclips	n	de · mv. zoneclipsen	solar eclipse
eclips	n	de · mv. eclipsen	eclipse, the blocking of light to a celestial body by another celestial body; eclipse plumage, a type of inconspicuous plumage briefly worn by moulting…
maagzuur	n	het	stomach acid
vrijdagmiddagborrel	n	de · mv. vrijdagmiddagborrels	synonym of vrijmibo
vrijmibo	n	de · mv. vrijmibo's	an informal meetup, usually involving alcoholic drinks and snacks, held on…
appgroep	n	de · mv. appgroepen	a group chat on a text messaging app
baksel	n	het · mv. baksels	something that has been baked
kringloopwinkel	n	de · mv. kringloopwinkels	thrift shop
slowen	v	slowde – geslowd	to slow dance
rotvaart	n	de · mv. rotvaarten	very high speed
spintepel	n	de · mv. spintepels	spinneret
zeevonk	n	de · mv. zeevonken	sea sparkle, Noctiluca scintillans
kaasstengel	n	de · mv. kaasstengels	cheese straw
kibbeling	n	de · mv. kibbelingen	deep-fried battered chunks of fish (usually cod or certain fish of the…; act or instance of bickering, arguing; an argument
deppen	v	depte – gedept	to dab (press lightly repeatedly with a soft object)
darmbeen	n	het · mv. darmbeenderen	ilium (pelvic bone)
peppraatje	n	het · mv. peppraatjes	pep talk
financiering	n	de · mv. financieringen	financing, funding
heenkomen	n	het · mv. heenkomens	place of refuge
soepkip	n	de · mv. soepkippen	boiling fowl; dumbass, loser, sucker
verloopnippel	n	de · mv. verloopnippels	adapter nozzle, adapter valve (tubular adapter)
pakkage	n	de	luggage, baggage
vergistoerist	n	de · mv. vergistoeristen	a tourist who mistakenly shows up for an event on an incorrect date, usually…
apenpak	n	het · mv. apenpakken	a silly uniform or custome; a monkey costume
knokpartij	n	de · mv. knokpartijen	brawl, fight
Cubaans	a		Cuban (pertaining to Cuba or Cubans)
bedplassen	v	bedplaste – gebedplast	to wet one's bed
ledikant	n	het · mv. ledikanten	cot, crib (bed for children)
psychopaat	n	de · mv. psychopaten	psychopath
dobbelziek	a		prone to gambling with dice games
zalmtrek	n	de	salmon migration
schietschijf	n	de · mv. schietschijven	shooting target (target with concentric circles used in shooting and archery…
afsijpelen	v	sijpelde af – afgesijpeld	to drip off, to drip down
toverstok	n	de · mv. toverstokken	magic wand
luchtvaartuig	n	het · mv. luchtvaartuigen	aircraft, aerial vessel
avondlijk	a		pertaining to the evening
bokshandschoen	n	de · mv. bokshandschoenen	boxing glove
boksbal	n	de · mv. boksballen	punching ball (implement with a punchable ball used in martial arts training)
huifkar	n	de · mv. huifkarren	covered wagon, especially a prairie schooner
peptalk	n	de · mv. peptalks	pep talk
spijbelaar	n	de · mv. spijbelaars	a wagger, a truant; one who skips school; any truant absent from work
persrechter	n	de · mv. persrechters	magistrate who functions as a spokesperson at a court of law
zadelpen	n	de · mv. zadelpennen	seat post, saddle pin
slaapstand	n	de · mv. slaapstanden	sleep mode
rijverbod	n	het · mv. rijverboden	driving ban (prohibition on driving)
gebruikmaken	v	maakte gebruik – gebruikgemaakt	to make use
brainstormen	v	brainstormde – gebrainstormd	to brainstorm
raadsvergadering	n	de · mv. raadsvergaderingen	a meeting of a council
onheus	a		spiteful, unreasonable, rude
ontvankelijk	a		receptive, open-minded (ready to receive new ideas or concepts); impressionable, amenable (easily influenced); admissible (conforming to the legal requirements of the procedure)
pijlsnel	a		very fast, lightning fast
stofzuigeren	v	stofzuigerde – gestofzuigerd	to vacuum-clean
zadelbuis	n	de · mv. zadelbuizen	the tube on a bicycle frame wherein the seat post is mounted
elixer	n	het · mv. elixers	elixir
rijwielolie	n	de	bicycle oil
maagelixer	n	het · mv. maagelixers	elixir for the stomach
maagelixir	n	het · mv. maagelixirs	elixir for the stomach
hatsjoe	i		achoo; onomatopoeia for the sound of sneezing
naveltrui	n	de · mv. naveltruien	crop top
boomkreeft	n	de · mv. boomkreeften	Lord Howe Island stick insect, tree lobster, Dryococelus australis
tienersoos	n	de · mv. tienersozen	youth club (society where teenagers go out)
autoped	n	de · mv. autopeds	motorised kick scooter, autoped
zuigzoen	n	de · mv. zuigzoenen	hickey, love bite
swipen	v	swipete – geswipet	to swipe (on an touch screen device) (to brush one's finger over a touch screen)
maalsel	n	het · mv. maalsels	something that has been ground
maaltijdvergoeding	n	de · mv. maaltijdvergoedingen	compensation for the cost of (a) meal(s)
gors	n	de/het · mv. gorsen	a plain or marsh near river mouths, unprotected by dykes; a bunting, any bird of the genus Emberiza; a New World sparrow, any bird of the family Passerellidae
plantensterol	n	de · mv. plantensterolen	phytosterol
pitstraat	n	de · mv. pitstraten	pit lane
aandribbelen	v	dribbelde aan – aangedribbeld	to jog near
slagwapen	n	het · mv. slagwapens	a melee weapon with which one slashes or chops (as opposed to stabbing)
Maduro-dieet	m		Maduro diet
spruitje	n	het · mv. spruitjes	a Brussels sprout, a variant of Brassica oleracea of the gemmifera group
mysteryshopper	n	de · mv. mysteryshoppers	mystery shopper
mysteryguest	n	de · mv. mysteryguests	mystery guest
narigheid	n	de · mv. narigheden	unpleasantness
onderzijde	n	de · mv. onderzijden	underside, bottom
cloacadier	n	het · mv. cloacadieren	monotreme, any member of the order Monotremata
snaveldier	n	het · mv. snaveldieren	monotreme
monotreem	a		monotreme
monotreem	n	de · mv. monotremen	monotreme, any member of the order Monotremata
kaakfractuur	n	de · mv. kaakfracturen	jaw fracture
fractuur	n	de · mv. fracturen	fracture, esp. in a bone
kaakbreuk	n	de · mv. kaakbreuken	jaw fracture
kaakbeen	n	het · mv. kaakbeenderen	jawbone
kaakchirurg	n	de · mv. kaakchirurgen	dental surgeon
kaakchirurgie	n	de	oral medicine
luchtfietsen	v	luchtfietste – geluchtfietst	to engage in fantastical or fanciful thinking; to make pedalling motions in the air with one's legs, as if cycling; to bicycle through the air (on an airborne bicycle)
potsierlijk	a		ludicrous, absurd
onverbiddelijk	a		inexorable; unforgiving; peremptory
vliering	n	de · mv. vlieringen	garret
bewoording	n	de · mv. bewoordingen	phrasing, a way of putting something into words
Jodenster	n	de · mv. Jodensterren	yellow badge
pronkstuk	n	het · mv. pronkstukken	showpiece, centerpiece; prize, gem, jewel
overerving	n	de · mv. overervingen	inheritance
Jood	n	de · mv. Joden	a Jew, a member of the Jewish people
overerven	v	erfde over – overgeërfd	to inherit
afweten	v	wist af – afgeweten	to be knowledgeable
verwedden	v	verwedde – verwed	to wager
beknotten	v	beknotte – beknot	to curtail, to confine
vermanen	v	vermaande – vermaand	to admonish
belopen	v	beliep – belopen	to walk on; to amount to
opdoffen	v	dofte op – opgedoft	to dress up; to pretty up
ontboezemen	v	ontboezemde – ontboezemd	to unbosom, to tell one's troubles
generlei	r		no … whatsoever, no … at all
opzichtig	a		pretentious, tawdry
lamlendig	a		feckless; miserable
vermaning	n	de · mv. vermaningen	an admonishment, a warning; a Mennonite congregation or church building
ijskegel	n	de · mv. ijskegels	icicle
cadeaubon	n	de · mv. cadeaubonnen	gift card, gift voucher (token that is given as a gift and can be used to…
zeel	n	het · mv. zelen	rope, line
windvaan	n	de · mv. windvanen	weathervane
windwijzer	n	de · mv. windwijzers	weather vane
onderhoudsarm	a		requiring little maintenance, low-maintenance
riddervaan	n	de · mv. riddervanen	pennon (knight's vane or streamer)
pennoen	n	het · mv. pennoenen	pennon (knight's vane or streamer affixed to a lance)
vaandrager	n	de · mv. vaandragers	ensign, someone (usually a low-ranking officer) who bears a vane or banner
vaanvoerder	n	de · mv. vaanvoerders	ensign (officiel bearing a battle standard or vane)
middenmoot	n	de	the middle slice of a fish; middle, the average or mediocre section of a certain reference class
middenmoter	n	de · mv. middenmoters	someone or something that is average or mediocre
middenmotor	n	de · mv. middenmotors	middle engine, central engine (usually on a boat, aircraft or e-bike)
zijwiel	n	het · mv. zijwielen	training wheel (small wheel fixed to both sides of the bicycles of small…; side wheel
poortgebouw	n	het · mv. poortgebouwen	gatehouse, gate building
gehoorapparaat	n	het · mv. gehoorapparaten	hearing aid
staalkaart	n	de · mv. staalkaarten	sampling card (sheet with samples or examples)
importheffing	n	de · mv. importheffingen	tariff (duty on imports or exports)
neonataal	a		neonatal
esma	n	de · mv. esma's	espressotini (martini cocktail made with espresso coffee)
fatsoenshalve	d		for decency's sake
overplaatsen	v	plaatste over – overgeplaatst	to transfer
billijken	v	billijkte – gebillijkt	to approve
billijk	a		fair, reasonable
kernachtig	a		concise, pithy
halsoverkop	d		head over heels, somersaulting; head over heels, frantically; head over heels, deeply
schuilgaan	v	ging schuil – schuilgegaan	to hide
zaligheid	n	de · mv. zaligheden	delight; salvation
makerij	n	de · mv. makerijen	workshop; production facility
botweg	d		bluntly
gemutst	a		disposed
ontvlooien	v	ontvlooide – ontvlooid	to deflea
antireclame	n	de · mv. antireclames	anything that diminishes someone's reputation
melkbaar	a		milkable
wever	n	de · mv. wevers	weaver (one who weaves); a weaverbird, passerine bird of the family Ploceidae
spenen	v	speende – gespeend	to wean
stevenen	v	stevende – gestevend	to steeve, to project upward; to bear down
grasperk	n	het · mv. grasperken	lawn (ground covered with grass)
verleren	v	verleerde – verleerd	to forget (something learned)
kikkeren	v	kikkerde – gekikkerd	to jump around crouching (imitating a frog)
opkikkeren	v	kikkerde op – opgekikkerd	to cheer up
kwebbelen	v	kwebbelde – gekwebbeld	to chatter
verbijten	v	verbeet – verbeten	to suppress (pains, feelings, etc.)
noodzaken	v	noodzaakte – genoodzaakt	to force, to compel
vooruitgaan	v	ging vooruit – vooruitgegaan	to go forwards; to improve
overhoop	d		upside down (in great disorder); at odds
begaafd	a		gifted, talented
jodendom	n	het	Judaism
adeldom	n	de	nobility
afsnauwen	v	snauwde af – afgesnauwd	to curtly tell someone off, to rebuke harshly
Heyting	m		a surname
warempel	d		somehow, strangely
warempel	i		response to something that is unexpected, amazing
sterrenschot	n	het	star jelly, star shot
broeihoop	n	de · mv. broeihopen	a heap of organic waste, in which snakes such as grass snakes lay their eggs
verfransen	v	verfranste – verfranst	to gallicize, frenchify
hèhè	i		Used to express a feeling of mild satisfaction and/or mild relief about…; duh
speculeren	v	speculeerde – gespeculeerd	to speculate, to imagine, to guess; to speculate, to make a risky trade
dusver	d		thus far
zeenaaktslak	n	de · mv. zeenaaktslakken	sea slug, nudibranch
naaktslak	n	de · mv. naaktslakken	slug (mollusc)
pillewegge	n	de · mv. pilleweggen	a loaf of wheat bread containing currants, traditionally given as a gift at…
gedachtenspinsel	n	het · mv. gedachtenspinsels	figment
nikkelvrij	a		nickel-free (not containing nickel)
plasseks	n	de	pee sex (any sexual activity that involves urination or urine in noticeable…
heengaan	v	ging heen – heengegaan	to go away; to pass away, to die
Gajo	n	de · mv. Gajo's	someone who is not Roma, non-Gypsy; a member of the Gayo people living in the highlands of Aceh
afsmelten	v	smolt af – afgesmolten	to melt off
belangeloos	a		without a stake, without self-interest
atoomtijdperk	m		Atomic Age
napalmbom	n	de · mv. napalmbommen	napalm bomb
kuifmakaak	n	de · mv. kuifmakaken	crested macaque, Macaca nigra
dochtersman	n	de · mv. dochtersmannen	the husband of one's daughter
zoonsvrouw	n	de · mv. zoonsvrouwen	the wife of one's son
protheticus	n	de · mv. prothetici	prosthetician, one who fits prostheses
vleugeldeur	n	de · mv. vleugeldeuren	a pair of double doors without a doorpost between the two; a car door that opens vertically
dierdicht	n	het · mv. dierdichten	poem about anthropomorphised animals
dierenepos	n	het · mv. dierenepen	an epic about anthropomorphised animals
dierengedicht	n	het · mv. dierengedichten	poem about anthropomorphised animals; poem about animals
houtmijt	n	de · mv. houtmijten	a pile of wood, in particular a pyre
gabberen	v	gabberde – gegabberd	to laugh maliciously; to gobble like a turkey; to dance on hardcore house music
zusterpartij	n	de · mv. zusterpartijen	sister party, an affiliated or ideologically similar political party
gifangel	n	de · mv. gifangels	poison sting
nachtroofvogel	n	de · mv. nachtroofvogels	nocturnal bird of prey
inwerken	v	werkte in – ingewerkt	to impact, to act; to familiarise or become familiarised with a new work activity, usually…
chicklit	n	de	chick lit
uitrekenen	v	rekende uit – uitgerekend	to compute, to calculate, to reckon, to cipher, to count, to do the math, to…
ministeriaal	n	de · mv. ministerialen	ministerial (unfree noble)
ministeriaal	a		pertaining to the ministerials; official, pertaining to office
ministerialiteit	n	de	the ministerial estate or caste
hofmeier	n	de · mv. hofmeiers	mayor of the palace, steward, majordomo (steward of the Merovingian kings); steward, intendant, majordomo
dienstman	n	de · mv. dienstmannen	ministerial (unfree noble); anyone with feudal duties to a liege; servant
ministeriabel	a		fit for becoming a minister or occupying an other office in government
Sticht	m		the province or formerly the lordship of Utrecht
Stichts	a		pertaining to the Bishopric of Utrecht
vaanjonker	n	de · mv. vaanjonkers	a cavalry standard-bearer (cavalry ensign)
jonker	n	de · mv. jonkers	a young male noble, often lacking a knighthood or a noble title of his own; an untitled nobleman; baron, squire
bedvriend	n	de · mv. bedvrienden	male sexual partner
bedvriendin	n	de · mv. bedvriendinnen	female sexual partner
microplastiek	n	het · mv. microplastieken	microplastic
heeroom	n	de · mv. heerooms	an uncle who is a (Roman Catholic) priest or monastic
slavenhandel	n	de	slave trade
slavenhandelaar	n	de · mv. slavenhandelaars	slave trader
kleinburgerlijk	a		petty bourgeois; related to the petty bourgeoisie; narrow-minded, small-minded
gifgas	n	het · mv. gifgassen	poison gas
studeerkamer	n	de · mv. studeerkamers	study (room for studies)
wieberen	v	wieberde – gewieberd	to scarper, to flee; to leave; to go, to move
terbeschikkingstelling	n	de · mv. terbeschikkingstellingen	a measure (Netherlands) or sentence (Belgium) imposed by a judge that forces…
hondenwacht	n	de · mv. hondenwachten	the guard shift from midnight until 4 o'clock in the morning
brandkogel	n	de · mv. brandkogels	an incendiary or explosive artillery missile
wereldtaal	n	de · mv. wereldtalen	world language (language spoken widely internationally); world language (global lingua franca, usually pertaining to a constructed…
boekdeel	n	het · mv. boekdelen	volume, book (single book of a multi-book publication)
Oostvaarder	n	de · mv. Oostvaarders	a merchant ship that sailed on the Baltic
monachaal	a		monachal, monastic
uitprinten	v	printte uit – uitgeprint	to print (out)
en/of	c		and/or
vectorveld	n	het · mv. vectorvelden	vector field
goedmaken	v	maakte goed – goedgemaakt	expiate, to redress (to make amends); atone, to make good (to make reparation, compensation, or amends, for an…
Oranjeklant	n	de · mv. Oranjeklanten	a fervent supporter of the House of Orange-Nassau
galjoot	n	de · mv. galjoten	galliot
aborderen	v	abordeerde – geabordeerd	to board
bloedvlag	n	de · mv. bloedvlaggen	a flag used as a signal of attack, originally red, but some black flags were…
kaag	n	de · mv. kagen	a tract of land unprotected by any dykes; a small single-masted flat-bottomed merchant sailing boat with leeboards,…
bouwerij	n	de · mv. bouwerijen	farm; agriculture; construction
zondagskamer	n	de · mv. zondagskamers	the best room in a house
bestekamer	n	de · mv. bestekamers	the best room in a house; toilet, bathroom
slavenkolonie	n	de · mv. slavenkoloniën	slave colony
menist	n	de · mv. menisten	Mennonite
zeesoldaat	n	de · mv. zeesoldaten	marine, soldier operating at sea
brandweervrouw	n	de · mv. brandweervrouwen	firewoman, female firefighter
zeefort	n	het · mv. zeeforten	sea fort
boordevol	a		filled to the brim
traktatie	n	de · mv. traktaties	treat
ontroering	n	de · mv. ontroeringen	emotion
ahornsiroop	n	de · mv. ahornsiropen	maple syrup
omvoegsel	n	de · mv. omvoegsels	circumfix
invoegsel	n	de · mv. invoegsels	interfix
sussen	v	suste – gesust	to appease
zwemen	v	zweemde – gezweemd	to seem
botvieren	v	vierde bot – botgevierd	to give a free rein to; to take it out on
inwonen	v	woonde in – ingewoond	to move in
inrukken	v	rukte in – ingerukt	to stand down
hoezeer	d		how much (to what degree)
gedijen	v	gedijde – gedijd	to thrive, prosper (to grow or be successful)
klikspaan	n	de · mv. klikspanen	snitch, telltale
klikspanen	v	klikspaande – geklikspaand	to snitch
spullenbaas	n	de · mv. spullenbazen	proprietor of a fairground ride
buitenboordbeugel	n	de · mv. buitenboordbeugels	orthodontic headgear
buitenboordmotor	n	de · mv. buitenboordmotors	outboard motor, outboard engine
slotjes	n		permanent dental braces with metal brackets
kweern	n	de · mv. kweernen	quern
volkstelling	n	de · mv. volkstellingen	census (demographic count or estimate of population)
anaalridder	n	de · mv. anaalridders	Pejorative term for a male homosexual
anaal	a		anal, of or relating to the anus
stercatalogus	n	de · mv. stercatalogi	star catalogue
zakelijkheid	n	de	matter-of-fact disposition, businesslikeness
zeewezen	n	het · mv. zeewezens	navigation, seafaring; sea creature
springveer	n	de · mv. springveren	spring
springveren	a		containing springs
toproofdier	n	het · mv. toproofdieren	apex predator
hoekwant	n	het · mv. hoekwanten	longline
statuur	n	de/het · mv. staturen	stature, size
zoutwaterkrokodil	n	de · mv. zoutwaterkrokodillen	saltwater crocodile (Crocodylus porosus)
gehoorzaal	n	de · mv. gehoorzalen	auditory, auditorium (room for public events); audience hall (hall where a dignitary holds audience)
achterban	n	de · mv. achterbannen	base, e.g. a party's electorate or any organisation's supporters
kustwater	n	het · mv. kustwateren	coastal water
voorfase	n	de · mv. voorfasen	preliminary phase, early phase
dinsdagmorgen	n	de · mv. dinsdagmorgens	Tuesday morning
woensdagmorgen	n	de · mv. woensdagmorgens	Wednesday morning
donderdagmorgen	n	de · mv. donderdagmorgens	Thursday morning
vrijdagmorgen	n	de · mv. vrijdagmorgens	Friday morning
geldzorg	n	de · mv. geldzorgen	worry about money
haringbuis	n	de · mv. haringbuizen	herring buss; an old type of keeled fishing boat used for catching herring,…
schimpschrijver	n	de · mv. schimpschrijvers	a writer of personally insulting or defamatory texts
oefenvijand	n	de · mv. oefenvijanden	practice enemy
olifantsvogel	n	de · mv. olifantsvogels	elephant bird, member of the Aepyornithidae
zondagmorgen	n	de · mv. zondagmorgens	Sunday morning
zaterdagmorgen	n	de · mv. zaterdagmorgens	Saturday morning
maandagochtend	n	de · mv. maandagochtenden	Monday morning
dinsdagochtend	n	de · mv. dinsdagochtenden	Tuesday morning
woensdagochtend	n	de · mv. woensdagochtenden	Wednesday morning
donderdagochtend	n	de · mv. donderdagochtenden	Thursday morning
vrijdagochtend	n	de · mv. vrijdagochtenden	Friday morning
zaterdagochtend	n	de · mv. zaterdagochtenden	Saturday morning
zondagochtend	n	de · mv. zondagochtenden	Sunday morning
maandagsochtends	d		Monday morning
dinsdagsochtends	d		Tuesday morning
maandags	a		Monday
maandags	d		synonym of 's maandags
dinsdags	a		Tuesday
dinsdags	d		synonym of 's dinsdags
woensdags	a		Wednesday
woensdags	d		synonym of 's woensdags
heleboel	u		(a) lot
twaalven	u		after met z'n: involving twelve people; after prepositions like na, om, voor: twelve o'clock
gezelschapspel	n	het · mv. gezelschapspellen	dated spelling of gezelschapsspel
schoolmeisje	n	het · mv. schoolmeisjes	schoolgirl
achtjarig	a		eight-year-old
driejarig	a		three-year-old
zesjarig	a		six-year-old
negenjarig	a		nine-year-old
duizendjarig	a		one-thousand-year
woensdagsochtends	d		Wednesday morning
donderdagsochtends	d		on Thursday morning
vrijdagsochtends	d		Friday morning
zaterdagsochtends	d		Saturday morning
zondagsochtends	d		Sunday morning
donderdags	a		Thursday
donderdags	d		synonym of 's donderdags
vrijdags	a		Friday
vrijdags	d		synonym of 's vrijdags
zaterdags	a		Saturday
zaterdags	d		synonym of 's zaterdags
Plak	m		a hamlet in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
poorter	n	de · mv. poorters	a citizen of a city during the Ancien Regime, a burgher
zeeoorlog	n	de · mv. zeeoorlogen	naval war
kardoes	n	de · mv. kardoezen	a package or cartridge containing one charge of black powder for a cannon; a pack of tobacco, in particular snuff; a thick type of paper
kartets	n	de · mv. kartetsen	a shrapnel cartridge or shell
adviesjacht	n	het · mv. adviesjachten	dispatch boat
zwaarwichtig	a		very important, of great importance; serious
kanonnier	n	de · mv. kanonniers	a cannoneer (one who operates a cannon or other artillery piece); an artilleryman (one who serves in an artillery unit)
aftobben	v	tobde af – afgetobd	to wear oneself out by worrying; to exhaust oneself with work
tobben	v	tobde – getobd	to worry; to flair or move repeatedly, to churn, to thrash
konfijt	n	de/het	confit preserved with sugar, usually fruits
pasja	n	de · mv. pasja's	pasha
ijswinkel	n	de · mv. ijswinkels	ice cream store
kennissenkring	n	de · mv. kennissenkringen	circle of acquaintances
buitenbeentje	n	het · mv. buitenbeentjes	outsider, misfit
stuiterbal	n	de · mv. stuiterballen	bouncy ball
kinderbijslag	n	de · mv. kinderbijslagen	child benefit, child allowance
doorschuiven	v	schoof door – doorgeschoven	to move, to pass; to delay, to postpone, to defer, to put off; to continue shoving
spijtig	a		regrettable
zwerfvuil	n	het	litter (discarded items, stray rubbish)
doodsimpel	a		dead simple, very simple
bagagedrager	n	de · mv. bagagedragers	luggage carrier (on a bicycle), bike rack
moederfiets	n	de · mv. moederfietsen	a bicycle with a larger distance between the handlebar and the saddle, an…
provenier	n	de · mv. proveniers	someone who had bought lifelong lodging at an institute of residence
multimiljonair	n	de · mv. multimiljonairs	multimillionaire
liefdescommunisme	n	het	communism of love, a way of living in which property is shared communally…
wangestalte	n	de · mv. wangestalten	misshapen figure
hypothecair	a		hypothecary
woekerpolis	n	de · mv. woekerpolissen	an exploitative, usurious investment insurance plan
vlootbouw	n	de	fleet building (the act of constructing vessels for a fleet)
knipkunst	n	de	cut-out art, art made by cutting paper and other materials, usually…
zijzwaard	n	het · mv. zijzwaarden	leeboard fixed to the side of a boat
tweefrontenoorlog	n	de · mv. tweefrontenoorlogen	two-front war (war fought on two separate fronts)
burenhulp	n	de	neighbourly help, assistance provided to a neighbour
partijganger	n	de · mv. partijgangers	a political supporter, especially of a political party or faction
tegenvuur	n	het	return fire, counterfire; a fire started to limit the damage or extent of an ongoing fire, especially…
waterverplaatsing	n	de · mv. waterverplaatsingen	water displacement (volume of water displaced by an object)
verplaatsing	n	de · mv. verplaatsingen	the act of moving something to another spot
landleger	n	het · mv. landlegers	ground forces, land army (division of the military that operates on land)
baggermachine	n	de · mv. baggermachines	a mud dredge, dredger, mud excavator
roef	n	de · mv. roeven	cabin (on a boat)
kenteren	v	kenterde – gekenterd	to capsize; to turn over, to overturn; to change, to reverse
pagaai	n	de · mv. pagaaien	a short oar with a broad blade
zonnedek	n	het · mv. zonnedekken	sundeck (deck segment of a ship used for sunbathing)
halfdek	n	het · mv. halfdekken	halfdeck
bombardeergaljoot	n	de · mv. bombardeergaljoten	bomb-galliot (galliot armed with (usually 2) mortars)
aanvatten	v	vatte aan – aangevat	to hold, to grasp, to take hold of; to accept, to get, to receive (of objects); to begin (doing), to commence
reuzenpanda	n	de · mv. reuzenpanda's	giant panda, panda bear (Ailuropoda melanoleuca)
achterkousig	a		suspicious, mistrusting; secretive, furtive
baatzoeker	n	de · mv. baatzoekers	a selfish person, someone who exclusively serves one's own interests
Jugurthijns	a		Jugurthine, pertaining to Jugurtha
scapulier	n	het · mv. scapuliers	scapular (type of cape worn by regular clergy); scapular (hallowed object made of cloth worn by laity)
walgewelf	n	het · mv. walgewelven	casemate
kazemat	n	de · mv. kazematten	casemate (bombproof room or shelter as part of a larger fortification); casemate, bunker
regenboogtaal	n	de	LGBTIQ-inclusive language (language usage and/or vocabulary that seeks to…
natuurparel	n	de · mv. natuurparels	pearl of natural beauty, beautiful natural location
woordgrap	n	de · mv. woordgrappen	pun, play on words
landskind	n	het · mv. landskinderen	natively born resident of the former Netherlands Antilles
bolletjesslikker	n	de · mv. bolletjesslikkers	drug mule, someone who transports containers with recreational drugs in body…
gastenboek	n	het · mv. gastenboeken	guest book (ledger where people can leave names, other information and comments); guest book (public comment form on a website)
dodenboek	n	het · mv. dodenboeken	book of the dead, Egyptian funerary text
geschiedboek	n	het · mv. geschiedboeken	history book
kaartenboek	n	het · mv. kaartenboeken	atlas
volksplanting	n	de · mv. volksplantingen	colony
dresneger	n	de · mv. dresnegers	a slave in Suriname tasked with treating and curing other slaves
lakdoek	n	de	varnished cloth
solliciteren	v	solliciteerde – gesolliciteerd	to apply (for a job); to ask (for)
boeleren	v	boeleerde – geboeleerd	to commit adultery, to fornicate (to have sex out of wedlock)
Bernoulli	m		a surname from the Romance languages
dwaalster	n	de · mv. dwaalsterren	planet, wanderstar
toerfiets	n	de · mv. toerfietsen	a bicycle designed or modified for touring with luggage, a touring bicycle
remweg	n	de · mv. remwegen	braking distance
orgelaar	n	de · mv. orgelaars	organ player, organist
straatorgel	n	het · mv. straatorgels	street organ (musical instrument)
kettingbrief	n	de · mv. kettingbrieven	chain letter
kettingroker	n	de · mv. kettingrokers	chain smoker
kettingzaag	n	de · mv. kettingzagen	chainsaw
muziekdoos	n	de · mv. muziekdozen	musical box
speeldoos	n	de · mv. speeldozen	musical box
feestvarken	n	het · mv. feestvarkens	a person for whom a party is thrown; a pig butchered and usually eaten for the occasion of a party
fuiven	v	fuifde – gefuifd	to party
peettante	n	de · mv. peettantes	godmother
straatnaam	n	de · mv. straatnamen	street name, road name
langoor	n	de · mv. langoren	rabbit, bunny, (less commonly) hare; donkey, ass
bloemkooloor	n	het · mv. bloemkooloren	cauliflower ear
theorbe	n	de · mv. theorben	theorbo
principaal	a		principal, main
principaal	n	de · mv. principalen	superior, leader; executive of the Dutch East India Company; original of an artwork (especially of paintings)
veroveraar	n	de · mv. veroveraars	conqueror
verklaarbaar	a		explicable, explainable
verschoning	n	de · mv. verschoningen	pardon, forgiveness; pardon, excusement; cleaning (nowadays especially of the replacement of nappies/diapers)
terechtwijzen	v	wees terecht – terechtgewezen	to reprimand
misgaan	v	ging mis – misgegaan	to go wrong, fail
overhouden	v	hield over – overgehouden	to leave over, to save, to keep
wanboffen	v	wanbofte – wanboft	to have bad luck
schietkraam	n	de · mv. schietkramen	shooting stall, shooting gallery stall
moei	n	de · mv. moeien	aunt
petemoei	n	de · mv. petemoeien	godmother
rokzadel	n	het · mv. rokzadels	a no-nose bicycle saddle
zeegans	n	de · mv. zeeganzen	a black goose, any of the geese of the genus Branta
treef	n	de · mv. treven	dietary taboo, disallowed food
spinnenkopmolen	n	de · mv. spinnenkopmolens	hollow post mill
stellingmolen	n	de · mv. stellingmolens	a tall smock mill with at least one gallery
grondzeiler	n	de · mv. grondzeilers	a squat windmill where the sails just clear the ground
standerdmolen	n	de · mv. standerdmolens	a post mill
paltrokmolen	n	de · mv. paltrokmolens	paltrok mill
achtkantmolen	n	de · mv. achtkantmolens	octagonal smock mill
schorsmolen	n	de · mv. schorsmolens	bark mill
druiventros	n	de · mv. druiventrossen	cluster of grapes, bunch
bolderkar	n	de · mv. bolderkarren	fairly small hand-pulled usually suspensionless two-axled wagon generally…
monniksmolen	n	de · mv. monniksmolens	a small octagonal windmill
roosmolen	n	de · mv. roosmolens	a many-bladed wind turbine, common in America in the first half of the…
windmotor	n	de · mv. windmotoren	a many-bladed wind turbine, common in America in the first half of the…
rugzaktoerisme	n	het	backpacker tourism, backpacking
bermtoerisme	n	het	roadside tourism (recreation one engages in at the side of a road)
ramptoerisme	n	het	disaster tourism (tourism in a disaster area, usually out of curiosity)
geitenmelk	n	de	goat milk
tempelcomplex	n	het · mv. tempelcomplexen	temple complex (expansive temple precinct, often including several temples,…
aaneensluiten	v	sloot aaneen – aaneengesloten	to join together, to connect, to unite
sojamelk	n	de	soy milk
kousenband	n	de · mv. kousenbanden	garter; yardlong bean, asparagus bean (Vigna unguiculata subsp. sesquipedalis)
kousenbandslang	n	de · mv. kousenbandslangen	garter snake, snake of the genus Thamnophis; common garter snake (Thamnophis sirtalis)
boeler	n	de · mv. boelers	male homosexual
toontaal	n	de · mv. toontalen	tonal language
creooltaal	n	de · mv. creooltalen	creole language
taaleiland	n	het · mv. taaleilanden	language island
bottelarij	n	de · mv. bottelarijen	bottling plant
taboe	n	het · mv. taboes	taboo, prohibition
taboe	a		taboo, not allowed
bevlijtigen	v	bevlijtigde – bevlijtigd	to become or be industrious
middelertijd	d		in the meantime, meanwhile
lachvalk	n	de · mv. lachvalken	laughing falcon (Herpetotheres cachinnans)
kerkdeur	n	de · mv. kerkdeuren	church door
steltkluut	n	de · mv. steltkluten	black-winged stilt (Himantopus himantopus); any other stilt of the genera Himantopus and Cladorhynchus
lamantijn	n	de · mv. lamantijns	manatee
meestervuurwerker	n	de · mv. meestervuurwerkers	a low-ranking officer at an artillery branch
vuurwerker	n	de · mv. vuurwerkers	a low-ranking officer at an artillery branch
Iberië	m		Iberia (a peninsula and region of Europe south of the Pyrenees, consisting…
composthoop	n	de · mv. composthopen	compost heap
rugschild	n	het · mv. rugschilden	an organic dorsal protective covering of an animal, a carapace; a military shield worn on the back
belegsel	n	het · mv. belegsels	toppings to be used on bread; spread or cold cuts; a fringe or border on an item of clothing, usually with a decorative function
bezanden	v	bezandde – bezand	to cover with sand
bezanding	n	de · mv. bezandingen	the action or process of covering something with sand; a layer of sand thus…
zandduin	n	de · mv. zandduinen	sand dune (sometimes used specifically for dunes without a grass surface)
zandbij	n	de · mv. zandbijen	mining bee, of the genus Andrena
zandstorm	n	de · mv. zandstormen	sandstorm
zandverstuiving	n	de · mv. zandverstuivingen	the process of sand being drifted or blown away by the wind; a sand drift; a sandy area subject to being shifted by the wind
stuifzand	n	het · mv. stuifzanden	fine sand liable to being blown away by the wind; an area whose (top) soil consists of such minute sand
zandpad	n	het · mv. zandpaden	sandy dirt track (unpaved path or narrow road with a sand cover)
zandweg	n	de · mv. zandwegen	sandy dirt road (unpaved road covered in sand)
zandgroeve	n	de · mv. zandgroeven	sand quarry (excavation site whence sand is quarried)
zandsteengroeve	n	de · mv. zandsteengroeven	sandstone quarry (quarry where sandstone is excavated)
zandstenen	a		sandstone, consisting of sandstone
teerzand	n	het · mv. teerzanden	tar sand, oil sand
slaapzand	n	het	rheum crusts around the eyes, sleepy sand; the sleepy sand thrown in people's eyes by the Sandman
zandsculptuur	n	de/het · mv. zandsculpturen	sand sculpture
spermatofoor	n	de · mv. spermatoforen	spermatophore
veldleeuwerik	n	de · mv. veldleeuweriken	Eurasian skylark, skylark (Alauda arvensis)
boomleeuwerik	n	de · mv. boomleeuweriken	woodlark (Lullula arborea)
kuifleeuwerik	n	de · mv. kuifleeuweriken	crested lark (Galerida cristata)
strandleeuwerik	n	de · mv. strandleeuweriken	shore lark, horned lark (Eremophila alpestris); any lark of the genus Eremophila
zandvlakte	n	de · mv. zandvlakten	sand plain (terrain type)
landbouwgif	n	het · mv. landbouwgiffen	agricultural pesticide
dwergmuis	n	de · mv. dwergmuizen	harvest mouse (Micromys minutus)
oogstmuis	n	de · mv. oogstmuizen	harvest mouse (Micromys minutus)
havenrecht	n	het · mv. havenrechten	right to use a harbour; fee or duty paid for using a harbour
handelsafgunst	n	de	trade envy
oorlogszucht	n	de	belligerence, eagerness for war
zandzegge	n	de · mv. zandzegges	sand sedge (Carex arenaria)
mierennest	n	het · mv. mierennesten	ant nest
vrijwielen	v	vrijwielde – gevrijwield	to freewheel
uitbater	n	de · mv. uitbaters	manager
deling	n	de · mv. delingen	a division, act of dividing, partitioning; a division of numbers; the act of sharing, dividing
inspelen	v	speelde in – ingespeeld	to react to, to capitalize on (to respond to certain circumstances with…
ernstvuurwerk	n	het · mv. ernstvuurwerken	fireworks and other pyrotechnic substances used for serious, usually…
zelfbeeld	n	het · mv. zelfbeelden	self-image
vleerhond	n	de · mv. vleerhonden	flying fox, bat of the family Pteropodidae
landinwaarts	d		inland
landinwaarts	a		inland
wrijvingswarmte	n	de	heat produced by friction
strandplevier	n	de · mv. strandplevieren	Kentish plover (Charadrius alexandrinus)
plevier	n	de · mv. plevieren	plover, certain waders of the family Charadriidae
aarsvoet	n	de · mv. aarsvoeten	grebe, bird of the genus Podiceps
Markermeer	m		a lake in the Netherlands, between North Holland and Flevoland, separated…
IJsselmeer	m		a lake in the Netherlands, formerly part of the Zuiderzee
IJssel	m		a river in the provinces of Gelderland and Overijssel, the Netherlands; a…
prosopagnosie	n	de · mv. prosopagnosieën	prosopagnosia
onbevrucht	a		unfertilised
bevruchten	v	bevruchtte – bevrucht	to fertilize, to inseminate
aanvalsvlag	n	de · mv. aanvalsvlaggen	attack flag (red flag signifying that one is attacking)
laatbloeier	n	de · mv. laatbloeiers	late bloomer, someone who excels or finds one calling at a late point in life; late bloomer, flower that blooms late in the season
struiksprinkhaan	n	de · mv. struiksprinkhanen	speckled bush-cricket, Leptophyes punctatissima; certain other bush-crickets of the genus Leptophyes
icarusblauwtje	n	het · mv. icarusblauwtjes	common blue (Polyommatus icarus)
nachtroofdier	n	het · mv. nachtroofdieren	nocturnal predator
koudbloedig	a		cold-blooded, ectothermic; calm, level-headed, equanimous; cold-blooded, unemotioned
koudbloedige	n	de · mv. koudbloedigen	ectothermic animal
zaadkapsel	n	het · mv. zaadkapsels	spermatophore (spermatozoon capsule)
vergiftleer	n	de	toxicology
fietskaart	n	de · mv. fietskaarten	cycling map (roadmap with relevant information for cyclists); ticket or voucher allowing one to bring a bicycle along (chiefly in public…
machtspartij	n	de · mv. machtspartijen	a political party that has adapted to elite preferences in order to increase…; a political party in power
immunoloog	n	de · mv. immunologen	immunologist
acaroloog	n	de · mv. acarologen	acarologist
acarologisch	a		acarological
stinkvogel	n	de · mv. stinkvogels	black vulture, Coragyps atratus; hoatzin, Opisthocomus hoazin
raafgier	n	de · mv. raafgieren	New World vulture, vulture of the family Cathartidae
zandrif	n	het · mv. zandriffen	sand reef
aannemelijkheid	n	de · mv. aannemelijkheden	plausibility, the quality of being plausible; something that is plausible
corpulentie	n	de	corpulence
beenbreek	n	de · mv. beenbreken	bog asphodel, bastard asphodel (Narthecium ossifragum)
boskoe	n	de · mv. boskoeien	forest cow (bovine that lives or grazes in forests)
soepschildpad	n	de · mv. soepschildpadden	green sea turtle (Chelonia mydas)
zeeschildpad	n	de · mv. zeeschildpadden	turtle of the family Cheloniidae; any turtle of the superfamily Chelonioidea
halsberger	n	de · mv. halsbergers	Cryptodiran, any tortoise or turtle of the suborder Cryptodira; synonym of halsberg
halsberg	n	de · mv. halsbergen	haubergeon
maliënkolder	n	de/het · mv. maliënkolders	mail, shirt of mail armour
sprinkhanenzwerm	n	de · mv. sprinkhanenzwermen	locust swam
halswender	n	de · mv. halswenders	side-necked turtle, turtle of the suborder Pleurodira
slangenarend	n	de · mv. slangenarenden	short-toed snake eagle (Circaetus gallicus)
steenarend	n	de · mv. steenarenden	golden eagle (Aquila chrysaetos)
apenarend	n	de · mv. apenarenden	Philippine eagle (Pithecophaga jefferyi)
bastaardarend	n	de · mv. bastaardarenden	the spotted eagle, greater spotted eagle (Clanga clanga)
schreeuwarend	n	de · mv. schreeuwarenden	lesser spotted eagle (Clanga pomarina)
dwergarend	n	de · mv. dwergarenden	booted eagle (Hieraaetus pennatus)
hanengevecht	n	het · mv. hanengevechten	cockfight
hanenkamp	n	de · mv. hanenkampen	cockfight
diversiteit	n	de	diversity
onderzoeksstation	n	het · mv. onderzoeksstations	research station
bubbelwolk	n	de · mv. bubbelwolken	asperitas
spoortunnel	n	de · mv. spoortunnels	railway tunnel
boombast	n	de · mv. boombasten	tree bast; tree bark
boomschors	n	de · mv. boomschorsen	tree bark
handvuurwapen	n	het · mv. handvuurwapens	handgun, hand firearm, portable firearm
zwerk	n	het · mv. zwerken	cloud; cloud cover
spikkel	n	de · mv. spikkels	speckle, fleck
spikkeltje	n	het · mv. spikkeltjes	sprinkle
weerpluim	n	de · mv. weerpluimen	a graph showing multi-day or multi-week weather forecasts with error margins,
vriesweer	n	het	freezing weather, ice-cold weather
voorhuis	n	het · mv. voorhuizen	the frontmost room in a house on the ground floor; the front section of a house
zuigelingensterfte	n	de	infant mortality
appelbloesem	n	de/het · mv. appelbloesems	apple blossom
boomnimf	n	de · mv. boomnimfen	tree nymph
wereldvoorraad	n	de · mv. wereldvoorraden	global supply, global stock
zoetwatermeer	n	het · mv. zoetwatermeren	freshwater lake
bladwesp	n	de · mv. bladwespen	sawfly, hymenopteran of the suborder Symphyta
zaagwesp	n	de · mv. zaagwespen	sawfly, hymenopteran of the suborder Symphyta
tapuit	n	de · mv. tapuiten	northern wheatear (Oenanthe oenanthe); chat, wheatear, used of certain songbirds of the subfamily Saxicolinae,…
onderzoeksmethode	n	de · mv. onderzoeksmethoden	research method
eetrijp	a		ripe for eating
natuurvreemd	a		foreign to nature, unnatural
rasptong	n	de · mv. rasptongen	rasping tongue, radula
tongen	v	tongde – getongd	to French kiss
donderpad	n	de · mv. donderpadden	any fish of the family Cottidae
zeedonderpad	n	de · mv. zeedonderpadden	shorthorn sculpin, Myoxocephalus scorpius; any marine fish of the family Cottidae
rivierdonderpad	n	de · mv. rivierdonderpadden	Cottus perifretum
waardgelder	n	de · mv. waardgelders	mercenary
stadsgezicht	n	het · mv. stadsgezichten	city view, cityscape
belfort	n	het · mv. belforten	belfry (belltower not belonging to a church)
collatierecht	n	het · mv. collatierechten	right of patronage, advowson (right of a nobleman or patron to choose or…
collatie	n	de · mv. collaties	collation (examination of documents; written result of such a comparison); collation (conference)
dadelwijn	n	de · mv. dadelwijnen	date wine (alcoholic beverage made from dates)
grafkamer	n	de · mv. grafkamers	burial chamber (room in a tomb where remains are placed)
blankvoorn	n	de · mv. blankvoorns	common roach (Rutilus rutilus)
voorn	n	de · mv. voorns	a roach; a vernacular term used of a grouping of fish in the family…
elzenvoorn	n	de · mv. elzenvoorns	synonym of riviergrondel (“common gudgeon”) (Gobio gobio gobio)
elrits	n	de · mv. elritsen	common minnow (Phoxinus phoxinus)
ellerling	n	de · mv. ellerlingen	synonym of elrits (“common minnow”) (Phoxinus phoxinus)
grondelvoorn	n	de · mv. grondelvoorns	synonym of elrits (“common minnow”) (Phoxinus phoxinus)
grondel	n	de · mv. grondels	goby, fish of the family Gobiidae
beflijster	n	de · mv. beflijsters	ring ouzel (Turdus torquatus)
kutjebef	i		An expression of annoyance or surprise; fuck, shit, holy shit
kutjebef	a		sucky, of low quality
drijfijs	n	het	floating ice, drift ice
hopman	n	de · mv. hopmannen	a male captain
nachtactief	a		nocturnal
dagactief	a		diurnal
energiek	a		energetic, lively (displaying a lot of energy through one's activity)
dagvlinder	n	de · mv. dagvlinders	diurnal butterfly
flitstrein	n	de · mv. flitstreinen	high-speed train
asteroïde	n	de · mv. asteroïden	asteroid
Sietse	m		a male given name from West Frisian of West Frisian origin
Sietske	m		a female given name from West Frisian of West Frisian origin
gezichtsbeharing	n	de	facial hair
darmjicht	n	de	an intestinal disease in horses, apparently equivalent or similar to horse colic
werwaarts	d		whither, to where
celmaat	n	de · mv. celmaten	cell mate
torpedobuis	n	de · mv. torpedobuizen	torpedo tube
lakmoesproef	n	de · mv. lakmoesproeven	litmus test
superster	n	de · mv. supersterren	superstar
deepfake	n	de · mv. deepfakes	deepfake
hartfalen	n	het	heart failure ((chronic) inability of the heart to circulate a sufficient…; heart attack
buikdanser	n	de · mv. buikdansers	belly dancer
buikdanseres	n	de · mv. buikdanseressen	female belly dancer
universiteitsstad	n	de · mv. universiteitssteden	university town, college town
zadelsprinkhaan	n	de · mv. zadelsprinkhanen	saddle-backed bush cricket (Ephippiger ephippiger)
strandkrab	n	de · mv. strandkrabben	shore crab, green crab (Carcinus maenas)
Kreek	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Persijn	m		a surname
Sels	m		a surname
Keijzer	m		a surname
Uhlenbeck	m		a surname
Uden	m		a town and former municipality of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands; a surname
Raes	m		a surname
Rens	m		a surname
Smets	m		a surname
Nijman	m		a surname
Moonen	m		a surname
Molenaar	m		a surname
Manders	m		a surname
Martens	m		a surname originating as a patronymic
Nijs	m		a surname
Nijssen	m		a surname
Nijdam	m		a surname
Wijnen	m		a surname
Wijnkoop	m		a surname
Weijers	m		a surname
Wagenaar	m		a surname
Wauters	m		a surname
Wesseling	m		a surname
Zijm	m		a surname
Zondervan	m		a surname
Zuurman	m		a surname
Zonneveld	m		a surname
Zandberg	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Zegers	m		a surname
Zwiers	m		a surname
opblijven	v	bleef op – opgebleven	to stay up, to remain awake
heidendom	n	het	paganism, heathendom (polytheistic religious tradition); heathendom, heathenry, heresy (any faith, view or community proscribed by a…
verdwergen	v	verdwergde – verdwergd	to dwarf, to make much smaller
ouderenzorg	n	de	eldercare, care for elderly people
leerstoornis	n	de · mv. leerstoornissen	learning disability
inspecteren	v	inspecteerde – geïnspecteerd	to inspect, to examine
steekwagen	n	de · mv. steekwagens	hand truck
kickboksen	v	kickbokste – gekickbokst	to kickbox, to play kickboxing
kickbokser	n	de · mv. kickboksers	a kickboxer, a practitioner of kickboxing
vulpotlood	n	het · mv. vulpotloden	mechanical pencil
literatuuronderzoek	n	het · mv. literatuuronderzoeken	literature review; literature research, literature search
armillarium	n	het · mv. armillaria	armillary sphere
inspectie	n	de · mv. inspecties	inspection
houdgreep	n	de · mv. houdgrepen	grappling hold; deadlock
tussenstop	n	de · mv. tussenstops	stopover; layover
satellietschotel	n	de · mv. satellietschotels	satellite dish
schotelantenne	n	de · mv. schotelantennes	satellite dish
steekkar	n	de · mv. steekkarren	hand truck
straatmuzikant	n	de · mv. straatmuzikanten	street musician
kleurpotlood	n	het · mv. kleurpotloden	coloured pencil/colored pencil
grafiet	n	het · mv. grafieten	graphite
grafieten	a		graphite (consisting or made of graphite)
timmermanspotlood	n	het · mv. timmermanspotloden	carpenter's pencil
catecheet	n	de · mv. catecheten	catechist
hockeystick	n	de · mv. hockeysticks	hockey stick
etensbak	n	de · mv. etensbakken	food bowl, feeding bowl
keukentrap	n	de · mv. keukentrappen	a small stepladder
huishoudtrap	n	de · mv. huishoudtrappen	stepladder
reinigingsmiddel	n	het · mv. reinigingsmiddelen	detergent, cleaning agent
reiniging	n	de · mv. reinigingen	cleaning (the act or process of cleaning or being cleaned)
reiniger	n	de · mv. reinigers	detergent, cleaning agent; cleaning device; cleaner, one who cleans
daggelder	n	de · mv. daggelders	a dayworker, day labourer
neushoornvogel	n	de · mv. neushoornvogels	hornbill, bird of the family Bucerotidae
boomklever	n	de · mv. boomklevers	Eurasian nuthatch, wood nuthatch (Sitta europaea); nuthatch, any passerine bird of the family Sittidae
tijgerspin	n	de · mv. tijgerspinnen	synonym of wespspin (“wasp spider (Argiope bruennichi)”)
wespspin	n	de · mv. wespspinnen	wasp spider (Argiope bruennichi)
bodemsoort	n	de · mv. bodemsoorten	soil type
luchtwaardin	n	de · mv. luchtwaardinnen	female flight attendant
invasie	n	de · mv. invasies	military invasion; an act of invasion or trespassing on property
bewijsmateriaal	n	het · mv. bewijsmaterialen	(piece of) evidence; (piece of) material evidence
creditcard	n	de · mv. creditcards	credit card
elkaars	t		each other's
professioneel	a		professional (relating to one's profession or work; in accordance with the…
nakijken	v	keek na – nagekeken	to check, to review; to grade, to mark (to review tests or assignments to determine marks); to look back at
pispot	n	de · mv. pispotten	a pisspot, a chamberpot
onbeleefd	a		uncivil, rude
vanwaar	d		from where, whence; why, whence (because of what motivation)
makkie	n	het · mv. makkies	breeze, cakewalk, cinch, doddle, piece of cake, walk in the park (something…
klaarmaken	v	maakte klaar – klaargemaakt	to prepare, to make ready; to get prepared
auditie	n	de · mv. audities	audition
jongedame	n	de · mv. jongedames	miss, young lady
korporaal	n	de · mv. korporaals	a corporal, low (para)military rank, below sergeant
schut	n	het · mv. schutten	a dam or lock gate; a light movable partition or wall, such as a folding screen
scoorder	n	de · mv. scoorders	scorer, one who scores
topscoorder	n	de · mv. topscoorders	top scorer
harlekijn	n	de · mv. harlekijns	harlequin (type of mime)
mieters	i		wow, fantastic, golly; blast, damn, tarnation
mieters	a		great, fantastic; blasted, damned, darned
sodemieter	n	de · mv. sodemieters	sodomite, bugger; damn, bugger (often in denials with verb indicating concern, interest or care)
scheepsbouwer	n	de · mv. scheepsbouwers	shipbuilder
tijgerpython	n	de · mv. tijgerpythons	Indian python (Python molurus)
sluiper	n	de · mv. sluipers	one who sneaks; a sneak
hemdrok	n	de · mv. hemdrokken	a type of long shirt covering the entire torso down to the thighs
zwijggeld	n	het · mv. zwijggelden	hush money
bomvol	a		completely full, abrim
eivol	a		completely full, abrim
propvol	a		completely full, abrim
bloedlink	a		hazardous, treacherous, very risky
geilzoet	a		excessively sweet, syrupy
godgans	a		entire, complete
geilbek	n	de · mv. geilbekken	lecher, horny person
geilbekken	v		to act in a lecherous fashion, to be horny
brillendoos	n	de · mv. brillendozen	spectacle case
brillenhuis	n	het · mv. brillenhuizen	shop where spectacles are sold
brigadist	n	de · mv. brigadisten	a member of the International Brigades
repeteergeweer	n	het · mv. repeteergeweren	repeating rifle
prijsschip	n	het · mv. prijsschepen	a ship that has been appropriated as loot
doodbloeden	v	bloedde dood – doodgebloed	to bleed to death, to bleed out; to peter out, gradually to come to an end
doodsverachting	n	de	contempt of death (lack of regard for one's own survival, usually due to…
kroniekschrijver	n	de · mv. kroniekschrijvers	chronicler
slufter	n	de · mv. slufters	tidal dune inlet (coastal valley located behind (former) dunes where sea…
klokjesgentiaan	n	de · mv. klokjesgentianen	marsh gentian (Gentiana pneumonanthe)
gentiaan	n	de · mv. gentianen	a gentian, any plant of the family Gentianaceae, in particular used of…
nachtzwaluw	n	de · mv. nachtzwaluwen	Eurasian nightjar (Caprimulgus europaeus); nightjar (any bird of the family Caprimulgidae)
geitenmelker	n	de · mv. geitenmelkers	synonym of nachtzwaluw (“Eurasian nightjar (Caprimulgus europaeus)”)
sprinkhanenplaag	n	de · mv. sprinkhanenplagen	locust plague, locust infestation
voorlaadgeweer	n	het · mv. voorlaadgeweren	muzzle-loading rifle
achterlaadgeweer	n	het · mv. achterlaadgeweren	breech-loading rifle
voorlader	n	de · mv. voorladers	muzzleloader
achterlader	n	de · mv. achterladers	breechloader
oorlogsbodem	n	de · mv. oorlogsbodems	warship
onvindbaar	a		impossible to find, untraceable, unfindable
zaadbal	n	de · mv. zaadballen	testicle
griepvirus	n	het · mv. griepvirussen	influenza virus
Landzaat	m		a surname originating as an occupation
Lyuten	m		a surname
Luiken	m		a surname
Linssen	m		a surname
Lenssen	m		a surname
Roels	m		a surname
Rojer	m		a surname
Lybaert	m		a surname
Luyten	m		a surname
zonneklaar	a		evident, abundantly clear, clear as day
hagelwit	a		bright white, snow-white
hondsbrutaal	a		shameless, impudent, extremely audacious
strontmisselijk	a		very nauseous, very sick
kotsmisselijk	a		very nauseous, very sick
stronteigenwijs	a		extremely stubborn
hondenstront	n	de · mv. hondenstronten	dog shit
strontvlieg	n	de · mv. strontvliegen	yellow dungfly, Scathophaga stercoraria
strontziek	a		very ill, very sick; fed up, sick and tired
strontjaloers	a		very jealous
torenhoog	a		very high, very tall
hoogzwanger	a		being towards the end of one's pregnancy
poeslief	a		very friendly, nice or sweet; acting very nicely, but insincerely
gloedheet	a		scorching hot, glowing hot, very hot (having a high temperature or a lot of…
pissig	a		pissed, irritable, angry
wittebrood	n	het · mv. wittebroden	white bread
tarwebrood	n	het · mv. tarwebroden	wheat bread (bread made from wheat flour)
broodbus	n	de · mv. broodbussen	bread box, bread bin
mudvol	a		completely full
mudjevol	a		completely full
intriest	a		extremely sad
reuzenkangoeroe	n	de · mv. reuzenkangoeroes	certain large kangaroos of the genus Macropus; red kangaroo or any gray kangaroo
luchtkartering	n	de · mv. luchtkarteringen	airborne mapping, aerial mapping
kegelrob	n	de · mv. kegelrobben	synonym of grijze zeehond (“grey seal”)
steunkous	n	de · mv. steunkousen	compression stocking
sperwergrasmus	n	de · mv. sperwergrasmussen	barred warbler (Curruca nisoria syn. Sylvia nisoria)
grasmus	n	de · mv. grasmussen	common whitethroat (Sylvia communis)
heggenmus	n	de · mv. heggenmussen	dunnock, hedge sparrow (Prunella modularis); any bird of the family Prunellidae
ringmus	n	de · mv. ringmussen	tree sparrow, German sparrow (Passer montanus)
meeldraad	n	de · mv. meeldraden	stamen
prikkeldraad	n	de · mv. prikkeldraden	barbed wire; a Chinese burn, an Indian sunburn (a pain stimulus created by twisting the…
grijpstaart	n	de · mv. grijpstaarten	prehensile tail
snuffelhond	n	de · mv. snuffelhonden	detection dog, sniffer dog
humusrijk	a		rich in humus, containing a lot of humus
buikwind	n	de · mv. buikwinden	fart
ruften	v	ruftte – geruft	to fart, to break wind
blauwvleugelsprinkhaan	n	de · mv. blauwvleugelsprinkhanen	blue-winged grasshopper, Oedipoda caerulescens
viskweek	n	de	fish farming (the raising of fish for commercial ends)
okerrood	a		ochre-red
ontdoen	v	ontdeed – ontdaan	to doff (to remove or take off, especially of clothing); to disabuse (free of a misconception); to undo (to reverse)
Faan	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
kerfdier	n	het · mv. kerfdieren	insect
eslook	n	de/het	synonym of sjalot (“shallot (Allium cepa var. aggregatum)”)
deelwoordelijk	a		participial
voorlid	n	het · mv. voorleden	article, particularly in the Southern diminutive form voorledeken
voorleden	a		previous, last
voorleden	d		recently, last time
steenfruit	n	het	stone fruit, drupes
buidelmarter	n	de · mv. buidelmarters	quoll, native cat, any marsupial of the genus Dasyurus
autobioscoop	n	de · mv. autobioscopen	drive-through cinema, drive-in cinema
graafwerktuig	n	het · mv. graafwerktuigen	digging tool, digging implement
bekerplant	n	de · mv. bekerplanten	pitcher plant, carnivorous plant that captures prey in a bell or pitcher;…
gagel	n	de/het · mv. gagels	gale (any plant of the family Myricaceae); synonym of wilde gagel (“sweet gale”)
boomwond	n	de · mv. boomwonden	tree wound
doosvrucht	n	de · mv. doosvruchten	capsule (dehiscent fruit)
guichelheil	n	het · mv. guichelheilen	a pimpernel, any plant of the genus Anagallis, also referring to a few…
grasland	n	het · mv. graslanden	grassland; may also refer to a pasture or lawn
Kiefte	m		a surname
Stroker	m		a surname
rooksignaal	n	het · mv. rooksignalen	smoke signal
Rots	m		a surname
Averink	m		a surname
Botterman	m		a surname
Dekker	m		a surname
Hennekes	m		a surname
Huurman	m		a surname
Janssens	m		a surname
Konijnenberg	m		a surname
Meijer	m		a surname
Oostelbos	m		a surname
reaguursel	n	het · mv. reaguursels	a hateful reaction in a comment section
Kenzo	m		a male given name from Japanese
boemlauw	a		really cool, wicked
briefen	v	briefde – gebriefd	to brief
nepperd	n	de · mv. nepperds	someone or something fake
lijnbus	n	de · mv. lijnbussen	public transport bus, which follows a fixed route
Altena	m		Altena (a municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands); a village in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Appelman	m		a surname
Appelmans	m		a surname
Aarts	m		a surname
Aerts	m		a surname
Boschman	m		a surname
Buijs	m		a surname
Devos	m		a surname, Devos, equivalent to English Fox
Duut	m		a surname
Dirks	m		a surname originating as a patronymic
Faas	m		a surname
Feijen	m		a surname
Fontein	m		a village in Aruba; a village in Curaçao; a surname
Franssen	m		a surname
Rijkens	m		a surname
Reynst	m		a surname
Reynders	m		a surname
Reybrouck	m		a surname
Roelvink	m		a surname
Valkenburg	m		a city and former municipality of Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands; a village and former municipality of Katwijk, South Holland, Netherlands; a surname
Vaessen	m		a surname
Voskamp	m		a surname
Vriend	m		a surname
Vrolijk	m		a surname
Vonk	m		a surname
Wynant	m		a surname
Wuyts	m		a surname
Wisse	m		a surname
Wouters	m		a surname
Witteveen	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands; a surname
Vissers	m		a surname originating as an occupation
Verweij	m		a surname
Vervoort	m		a surname
Vermeij	m		a surname
Versluis	m		a surname
Verstegen	m		a surname
Verstraete	m		a surname
Vinck	m		a surname
Vingboons	m		a surname
Vermeyen	m		a surname
Vermeersch	m		a surname
Verkade	m		a surname
Verkerk	m		a surname
Verlinden	m		a surname
Vermeiren	m		a surname
Verschuur	m		a surname
Verschuren	m		a surname
Verschueren	m		a surname
Verschoor	m		a surname
Zweerts	m		a surname
Zoet	m		a surname
Zeldenrust	m		a neighbourhood of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands; a surname
Wijnants	m		a surname
Westerhof	m		a surname
Wiegers	m		a surname
Willink	m		a surname
Warmerdam	m		a surname
Wildeboer	m		a surname
Winsemius	m		a surname
Wolmarans	m		a surname
Storms	m		a surname
Stolk	m		a surname
kant-en-klaar	a		ready-made
waterwerper	n	de · mv. waterwerpers	water cannon (non-lethal weapon used for riot control, vehicle armed with…
onvermogen	n	het · mv. onvermogens	incapacity, inability
kentering	n	de · mv. kenteringen	change, alteration, transformation; reversal
buidelmiereneter	n	de · mv. buidelmiereneters	numbat, marsupial anteater (Myrmecobius fasciatus)
buidelhaas	n	de · mv. buidelhazen	long-nosed bandicoot, any marsupial of the genus Perameles; hare-wallaby, any marsupial of the genus Lagorchestes
pitrus	n	de · mv. pitrussen	common rush, soft rush (Juncus effusus)
circusdier	n	het · mv. circusdieren	circus animal
eerbiedigen	v	eerbiedigde – geëerbiedigd	to respect, honor
eetlustig	a		having appetite, being eager to eat; (in particular) having a strong appetite
eethuis	n	het · mv. eethuizen	a diner, cafeteria or restaurant
appetijt	n	de · mv. appetijten	appetite, desire to eat; any desire or longing
eeuwjaar	n	het · mv. eeuwjaren	the last year of a century, a year that is a multiple of hundred
tsarendynastie	n	de · mv. tsarendynastieën	tsar's dynasty
werkgebied	n	het · mv. werkgebieden	working area, area of operation
vorstenhuis	n	het · mv. vorstenhuizen	dynasty, royal (or imperial, noble, etc.) house
ongenood	a		unwelcome, uninvited; uncoerced, unforced
keizerdynastie	n	de · mv. keizerdynastieën	imperial dynasty
tsarin	n	de · mv. tsarinnen	tsarina (female tsar/empress, wife of a tsar)
ivoorsnavelspecht	n	de · mv. ivoorsnavelspechten	ivory-billed woodpecker (Campephilus principalis)
vloedlijn	n	de · mv. vloedlijnen	strandline; high-water line, flood-line, the water level or line formed by…
ijstaria	n	de · mv. ijstaria's	ice-cream bar
snotolf	n	de · mv. snotolven	lumpsucker, lumpfish (Cyclopterus lumpus)
lompvis	n	de · mv. lompvissen	lumpsucker, lumpfish (Cyclopterus lumpus)
marien	a		marine, relating to the sea
Zeelandbrug	m		a bridge over the Eastern Scheldt, connecting Schouwen-Duiveland and…
Noord-Beveland	m		a former island and municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
opaf	p		at, in the direction of, towards, approaching
muggenzifterij	n	de	nitpickery
vrijwilligerswerk	n	het	volunteering work, community service
bovengrens	n	de · mv. bovengrenzen	upper limit, upper border
bovenlimiet	n	de · mv. bovenlimieten	upper limit, upper border
ondergrens	n	de · mv. ondergrenzen	lower limit, lower border
onderlimiet	n	de · mv. onderlimieten	lower limit, lower border
socialistenvreter	n	de · mv. socialistenvreters	a ferocious anti-socialist
communistenvreter	n	de · mv. communistenvreters	a fanatical anticommunist
marxist-leninist	n	de · mv. marxist-leninisten	Marxist-Leninist
leninist	n	de · mv. leninisten	Leninist
leninisme	n	het	Leninism
Zuid-Beveland	m		A peninsula and former island in Zeeland, The Netherlands, to the east of…
Walcheren	m		A peninsula and former island in Zeeland, The Netherlands, to the west of…
woordklasse	n	de · mv. woordklassen	word class
hachelijk	a		precarious, insecure, dangerous
ovenvers	a		oven-fresh; fresh out of the oven
ovenfriet	n	de · mv. ovenfrieten	chips/fries to prepare in an oven rather than deep-frying
knuffeldier	n	het · mv. knuffeldieren	animal doll, stuffed toy animal
knuffelbeest	n	het · mv. knuffelbeesten	animal doll, stuffed toy animal
kringloopeconomie	n	de	circular economy
waardgeld	n	het · mv. waardgelden	advance payment to a mercenary
budgetteren	v	budgetteerde – gebudgetteerd	to budget, to plan (into) a budget
huursoldaat	n	de · mv. huursoldaten	mercenary, soldier of fortune
stoottroep	n	de · mv. stoottroepen	shock troop
eterij	n	de · mv. eterijen	constant or excessive eating; a snackbar; bistro
scheidmaal	n	het · mv. scheidmalen	farewell meal
afscheidsmaal	n	het · mv. afscheidsmalen	farewell meal
afscheidsdiner	n	het · mv. afscheidsdiners	farewell dinner
afscheidsmaaltijd	n	het · mv. afscheidsmaaltijden	farewell meal
tuindorp	n	het · mv. tuindorpen	a mostly low-rise suburb with many characteristics of a village, loosely…
tuinwijk	n	de · mv. tuinwijken	a mostly low-rise suburb with many characteristics of a village, loosely…
tuinstad	n	de · mv. tuinsteden	a garden city, a planned city combining industry, agriculture and…
tuinstadwijk	n	de · mv. tuinstadwijken	a mostly low-rise suburb with many characteristics of a village, loosely…
grootzeil	n	het · mv. grootzeilen	mainsail, the largest sail of a sailing vessel, typically a sail of the…
Hanzestad	n	de · mv. Hanzesteden	Hanseatic city, city that was a member of the Hanseatic League
wurggreep	n	de · mv. wurggrepen	stranglehold, choke
oudtijds	d		in the past, in the days of old
staatsbegrafenis	n	de · mv. staatsbegrafenissen	state funeral
koopvaarder	n	de · mv. koopvaarders	merchant, trader; merchant vessel
krachtmeting	n	de · mv. krachtmetingen	contest of strength, showdown
spreidloopgeweer	n	het · mv. spreidloopgeweren	blunderbuss
kaatser	n	de · mv. kaatsers	Frisian handball player
koesteren	v	koesterde – gekoesterd	to cherish
daarstellen	v	stelde daar – daargesteld	to represent
dagdief	n	de · mv. dagdieven	idler, one who wastes time
haarspray	n	de · mv. haarsprays	hair spray
jakkes	i		Expression of disgust or revulsion: yuck, ew, bah
cederolie	n	de · mv. cederoliën	cedar oil
sojakaas	n	de · mv. sojakazen	tofu
tahoe	n	de	tofu
tempé	n	de	tempeh
sojakoek	n	de · mv. sojakoeken	tempeh; soy press cake, used as animal feed
tofoe	n	de	tofu
havenen	v	havende – gehavend	to damage, to harm; to abuse, to mistreat; to enter a harbour, to enter port
bladgroente	n	de · mv. bladgroenten	leaf vegetable(s), greens; a species or type of greens
glasgordijn	n	het · mv. glasgordijnen	glass curtain (translucent curtain)
stamboek	n	het · mv. stamboeken	ancestry book, (breeding) pedigree book
diëtist	n	de · mv. diëtisten	dietitian, dietist
hogesnelheidstrein	n	de · mv. hogesnelheidstreinen	high-speed train
zwamneus	n	de · mv. zwamneuzen	chatterbox, blabberer
neuzen	v	neusde – geneusd	to browse, to peruse; to snoop, to peek, to peep
sleepnetbevoegdheid	n	de	the authority to engage in the mass collection of digital data in a certain…
dumdumkogel	n	de · mv. dumdumkogels	expanding bullet, dum dum bullet
godsdienstoorlog	n	de · mv. godsdienstoorlogen	war of religion, religious war
vredesonderhandeling	n	de · mv. vredesonderhandelingen	peace negotiation
bevelvoerder	n	de · mv. bevelvoerders	commander, commanding officer
kalander	n	de · mv. kalanders	weevil; calander
kommavlinder	n	de · mv. kommavlinders	the common branded skipper, Hesperia comma
anatomiseren	v	anatomiseerde – geanatomiseerd	to dissect
prachtvoorbeeld	n	het · mv. prachtvoorbeelden	great example, very illustrative example
dadelkern	n	de · mv. dadelkernen	date kernel, seed of a date fruit
dadelpit	n	de · mv. dadelpitten	date kernel, seed of a date fruit
holrond	a		concave
vleeshamer	n	de · mv. vleeshamers	meat mallet, tenderiser
medeschuldige	n	de · mv. medeschuldigen	accomplice
medeschuldig	a		complicit, accessory
optronisch	a		optronic, optoelectronic
goudklomp	n	de · mv. goudklompen	gold nugget
wijting	n	de · mv. wijtingen	whiting, merling (Merlangius merlangus)
gadde	n	de · mv. gadden	whiting, merling (Merlangius merlangus)
fabelleer	n	de	mythology, folklore
periscoopdiepte	n	de	periscope depth
periscoop	n	de · mv. periscopen	periscope
darmsap	n	het · mv. darmsappen	intestinal juice
darmklier	n	de · mv. darmklieren	intestinal gland
dassenhol	n	het · mv. dassenholen	badger burrow
dassenburcht	n	de · mv. dassenburchten	badger burrow
hondenras	n	het · mv. hondenrassen	dog breed
viertallig	a		consisting of four
lijvig	a		corpulent, obese; heavy, bulky
frontlinie	n	de · mv. frontlinies	frontline
hospitaalkerkschip	n	het · mv. hospitaalkerkschepen	a support ship that functions as a hospital and a church
brugwachter	n	de · mv. brugwachters	bridge keeper, bridgetender, bridge operator
opiumhol	n	het · mv. opiumholen	opium den
onderzoekster	n	de · mv. onderzoeksters	female researcher
kleinscheeps	a		small-scale, at a small scale
kleinscheeps	d		at a small scale
meteorenzwerm	n	de · mv. meteorenzwermen	meteor swarm, meteor shower
rozenkever	n	de · mv. rozenkevers	garden chafer, June bug (Phyllopertha horticola)
kruisbes	n	de · mv. kruisbessen	The gooseberry plant (Ribes uva-crispa); The berry of this plant; a gooseberry
graancirkel	n	de · mv. graancirkels	crop circle (geometric figure in crop fields)
financiekapitaal	n	het	finance capital
wereldeconomie	n	de · mv. wereldeconomieën	world economy, global economy; globally important economy; international economic system without a single hegemon
terugfluiten	v	floot terug – teruggefloten	to whistle back; to call to account, to sanction or to reprimand
bezemstuiver	n	de · mv. bezemstuivers	any stuiver; (figurative) an insignificant amount of money
triljoen	n	het · mv. triljoenen	quintillion, 10¹⁸
binnenschip	n	het · mv. binnenschepen	ship used for inland navigation
binnenvaartschip	n	het · mv. binnenvaartschepen	ship used for inland navigation
binnenscheepvaart	n	de	inland navigation
armenhuis	n	het · mv. armenhuizen	poorhouse
inmaken	v	maakte in – ingemaakt	to conserve, to can, to cure; to trounce, to drub
schuldenlast	n	de · mv. schuldenlasten	debt burden, indebtedness
zelfstudie	n	de · mv. zelfstudies	self-study, independent study
autodidactisch	a		autodidactic
heelhuids	d		unharmed, safe and sound, unscathed
heelhuids	a		unscathed, unharmed
fabeldier	n	het · mv. fabeldieren	mythical, legendary or otherwise imaginary animal
fabelwezen	n	het · mv. fabelwezens	mythical, legendary or otherwise imaginary creature
onderzeebootdienst	n	de · mv. onderzeebootdiensten	section of a navy specialised in operating with submarines, submarine service
onderzeedienst	n	de · mv. onderzeediensten	section of a navy specialised in operating with submarines, submarine service
halfkoets	n	de · mv. halfkoetsen	open coach (four-wheeled carriage without a permanent roof)
dansfeest	n	het · mv. dansfeesten	party involving dance
darmvlies	n	het · mv. darmvliezen	omentum, caul; mesentery
normaliseren	v	normaliseerde – genormaliseerd	to normalize, to make normal; to normalize, to correct for variables or to adjust values to a given norm; to normalize, remove redundancy in data
cholesterine	n	de	cholesterol, cholesterin
rammonitor	n	de · mv. rammonitors	a monitor (ironclad) armed with a ram
ramschip	n	het · mv. ramschepen	ramming ship (ship armed with a ram)
kasjroet	n	de	kashrut (Jewish dietary laws)
pikdonker	a		pitch-dark
overnieuw	d		again (suggesting a complete retry in a different way)
angstschreeuw	n	de · mv. angstschreeuwen	a scream of fear
achtereenvolgend	a		consecutive
tabbetje	n	het · mv. tabbetjes	river island, ait
suikertante	n	de · mv. suikertantes	a wealthy aunt who is generous or whose fortune one expects to inherit
suikermoei	n	de · mv. suikermoeien	a wealthy aunt who is generous or whose fortune one expects to inherit
regentijd	n	de · mv. regentijden	rainy season
campagnedek	n	het · mv. campagnedekken	poop deck (deck above the cabin)
knaak	n	de · mv. knaken	a 2½ guilders coin
fabelkunde	n	de	mythology, folklore
klinkletter	n	de · mv. klinkletters	vowel; vowel letter (character that designates a vowel)
saucijs	n	de · mv. saucijzen	a narrow sausage made of spiced mince
saucijzenbroodje	n	het · mv. saucijzenbroodjes	a sausage roll, a roll made of puff pastry containing spiced mince
boekstaven	v	boekstaafde – geboekstaafd	to write down, to commit to paper
geazijnd	a		treated with vinegar, sprinkled with vinegar
steenkolenveld	n	het · mv. steenkolenvelden	coal field
fantasievol	a		imaginative
koeling	n	de · mv. koelingen	the action or process of refrigerating; a cold room; a refrigerated section or shelve in a grocery store or supermarket
snijwerk	n	het · mv. snijwerken	a carved object; work that involves cutting or carving
industriestad	n	de · mv. industriesteden	industrial city, industrial town
schuimkop	n	de · mv. schuimkoppen	the foamy crest of a wave; a top layer of foam on something else, especially a liquid
apologeet	n	de · mv. apologeten	apologist (public defender of a viewpoint, in particular a religious viewpoint)
catechisatie	n	de · mv. catechisaties	catechesis (religious instruction)
ceremonieel	a		ceremonial
ceremonieel	n	het	ceremonial practices, ceremony
handelsgenoot	n	de · mv. handelsgenoten	companion, business partner
handelspartner	n	de · mv. handelspartners	trading partner (someone with whom one trades); companion, business partner
haggada	n	de · mv. haggadot	Haggadah (liturgical text used at the Seder based on the Exodus story)
dijkwezen	n	het	dike construction and management, dike infrastructure
lactoscoop	n	de · mv. lactoscopen	lactoscope, milk analyser (appliance for analysing milk)
treurbuis	n	de · mv. treurbuizen	television
tramweg	n	de · mv. tramwegen	tramway, streetcar railway
veldhospitaal	n	het · mv. veldhospitalen	a field hospital
lering	n	de · mv. leringen	education, instruction; lesson (something learnt)
beendroog	a		bone-dry (very dry)
kurkdroog	a		bone-dry (very dry)
gortdroog	a		bone-dry (very dry); extremely deadpan
beenafzetting	n	de · mv. beenafzettingen	leg amputation; bone deposition
staatsschuld	n	de · mv. staatsschulden	national debt
groffie	n	de · mv. groffies	a large, unpickled gherkin
nieuwsgier	a		curious, inquisitive
roeper	n	de · mv. roepers	one who calls
wegnemer	n	de · mv. wegnemers	one who takes away
plaatser	n	de · mv. plaatsers	one who places
veroorzaker	n	de · mv. veroorzakers	one who causes
nemer	n	de · mv. nemers	one who takes
baarder	n	de · mv. baarders	one who begets; the genitive case
grondbloem	n	de · mv. grondbloemen	ground bloom flower (fireworks)
golfvergelijking	n	de · mv. golfvergelijkingen	wave equation, in particular Schrödinger's wave equation
zegelaarde	n	de · mv. zegelaarden	a type of red clay, formerly used in medicine; terra sigillata
klierkoorts	n	de · mv. klierkoortsen	glandular fever, mononucleosis infectiosa
palmvrucht	n	de · mv. palmvruchten	fruit of a palm tree
buidelrat	n	de · mv. buidelratten	opossum, marsupial of the family Didelphidae
schubvlecht	n	de · mv. schubvlechten	psoriasis
arbeidsman	n	de · mv. arbeidsmannen	workman, male worker
tovermiddel	n	het · mv. tovermiddelen	magical concoction or object; talisman, fetish; miracle cure, any cure with drastic good effects, also used of less than…
Messiasgeheim	m		Messianic secret (motif of secrecy in the synoptic gospels)
strot	n	de · mv. strotten	throat, gorge; larynx
kloek	a		large, stout; healthy, being in good health
kloek	n	de · mv. kloeken	a brooding hen (female chicken) or mother hen
agreatie	n	de · mv. agreaties	a document expressing agreement to the appointment or ordination of a candidate; agreement, assent, consent
vaatwerk	n	het · mv. vaatwerken	crockery, dishware; tableware
fabrieksarbeider	n	de · mv. fabrieksarbeiders	factory worker
betelnoot	n	de · mv. betelnoten	betel nut, areca nut
klokhen	n	de · mv. klokhennen	a brooding hen (female chicken) or mother hen
Sloot	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
dikwerf	d		often
ankerboei	n	de · mv. ankerboeien	anchor buoy (buoy affixed to an anchor to indicate the anchor's location)
feestweek	n	de · mv. feestweken	festival week
meerboei	n	de · mv. meerboeien	mooring buoy
markeerboei	n	de · mv. markeerboeien	marker buoy
zeeton	n	de · mv. zeetonnen	barrel functioning as a buoy; tonne, metric ton (1000 kg)
brandmerk	n	het · mv. brandmerken	brand, mark made by branding (on containers, livestock, slaves or convicts)
brandmerken	v	brandmerkte – gebrandmerkt	to brand with a branding iron
dysfemisme	n	het · mv. dysfemismen	dysphemism
klinkerharmonie	n	de · mv. klinkerharmonieën	vowel harmony
vocaalharmonie	n	de · mv. vocaalharmonieën	vowel harmony
mietje	n	het · mv. mietjes	male homosexual; effeminate, pansy, wuss, sissy; effete man
condemnatie	n	de · mv. condemnaties	conviction, condemnation
fabrieksarbeid	n	de	factory work
fabriekscomplex	n	het · mv. fabriekscomplexen	factory complex
roodhert	n	het · mv. roodherten	synonym of edelhert (“red deer (Cervus elaphus)”)
vliegangst	n	de	fear of flying
witkopzeearend	n	de · mv. witkopzeearenden	bald eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus)
Joop	m		a male given name from Dutch, corresponding to Jakob and Johannes, also to…
drie-eenheidsmannetje	n	het · mv. drie-eenheidsmannetjes	a rabbi who also has the role of hazzan and shochet
aanbevelenswaard	a		recommendable, advisable
spasticiteit	n	de · mv. spasticiteiten	spasticity
fabriekspoort	n	de · mv. fabriekspoorten	factory gate
fabrieksrijder	n	de · mv. fabrieksrijders	driver in a factory-backed team
fabrieksteam	n	het · mv. fabrieksteams	factory-backed team
teamgeest	n	de	team spirit
esperantoloog	n	de · mv. esperantologen	Esperantologist
werpschijf	n	de · mv. werpschijven	discus
herstellingsoord	n	het · mv. herstellingsoorden	sanatorium
herstelling	n	de · mv. herstellingen	medical recovery, the act or process of healing; repair, the act or process of fixing an inanimate object; restoration, the act or process of restoring something to its former condition
reparatie	n	de · mv. reparaties	repair
warmwaterbron	n	de · mv. warmwaterbronnen	hot spring
tektoniek	n	de	tectonics (study of crustal movements and phenomena); tectonics (study of structural assembly and experience)
platentektoniek	n	de	plate tectonics
schollentektoniek	n	de	plate tectonics
paapje	n	het · mv. paapjes	whinchat (Saxicola rubetra)
keverslak	n	de · mv. keverslakken	chiton, mollusc of the class Polyplacophora
draaihek	n	het · mv. draaihekken	turnstile
waterlobelia	n	de · mv. waterlobelia's	water lobelia, Lobelia dortmanna
kolenlijn	n	de · mv. kolenlijnen	railway line used for transporting coal
zilverreiger	n	de · mv. zilverreigers	one of certain herons of the genera Ardea and Egretta that have white…
verfouteren	v	verfouterde – verfouterd	to make a mistake in the belief that one is correcting mistakes, to hypercorrect
pardellynx	n	de · mv. pardellynxen	Iberian lynx (Lynx pardinus)
woestijnlynx	n	de · mv. woestijnlynxen	serval (Leptailurus serval); caracal (Caracal caracal)
betaalmeester	n	de · mv. betaalmeesters	official in charge of payments, paymaster
altaardoek	n	het · mv. altaardoeken	altar cloth (piece of cloth covering an altar)
altaarkleed	n	het · mv. altaarkleden	altar cloth (piece of cloth covering an altar)
oliewinning	n	de · mv. oliewinningen	oil extraction, oil production
stompneusaap	n	de · mv. stompneusapen	snub-nosed monkey, monkey of the genus Rhinopithecus
onderwaterzicht	n	het	underwater vision, usually referring to vision conditions due to water quality
partnerruil	n	de	partner exchange (temporarily exchanging one's sexual partner for another)
parkeerschijf	n	de · mv. parkeerschijven	parking disc
uitkijktoren	n	de · mv. uitkijktorens	lookout tower
woudaap	n	de · mv. woudapen	any of the small bitterns of the genera Ixobrychus and Dupetor; little bittern (Ixobrychus minutus)
hopjes	n	de	coffee and caramel flavored candies
tuinafval	n	het	garden waste
thermiek	n	de	thermal column, thermal (rising warm airstream)
mineraalarm	a		containing few to no minerals
Noordsvaarder	m		a sand plain forming the western end of Terschelling, formerly a sandbar
noordvaarder	n	de · mv. noordvaarders	a Dutch merchant ship that traded in wood, usually in Norway
huisbrand	n	de · mv. huisbranden	domestic fuel; residential fire, housefire (disastrous fire in a residence)
Saterfries	m		Saterland Frisian, Saterlandic
belastingfraude	n	de · mv. belastingfraudes	tax fraud, tax evasion
samenstromen	v	stroomde samen – samengestroomd	to flow in a convergent direction; to converge
ralreiger	n	de · mv. ralreigers	squacco heron (Ardeola ralloides); Any of the herons of the genus Ardeola
pardel	n	de · mv. pardels	panther, leopard (Panthera pardus)
appelschil	n	de · mv. appelschillen	apple peel, apple skin
strijdtoneel	n	het · mv. strijdtonelen	theater of war, theater of battle
psychoot	n	de · mv. psychoten	psychotic, a person afflicted with psychosis
dingwaarder	n	de · mv. dingwaarders	one who presided over a high court in Overijssel (then Oversticht) during…
consternatie	n	de · mv. consternaties	consternation
darmvet	n	het	caul fat, intestinal fat
puffertje	n	het · mv. puffertjes	inhaler, puffer (medical inhalation device)
PFAS	n	de	PFAS
frontaal	a		frontal
frontaal	d		frontally
loodlijn	n	de · mv. loodlijnen	perpendicular line; leadline, plumb line
kikken	v	kikte – gekikt	to croak, sound like a frog; to make any sound; to utter
weghelft	n	de · mv. weghelften	half/side of the road (part of the road with traffic going in one particular…
eenrichtingsverkeer	n	het	one-way traffic
tweerichtingsverkeer	n	het	two-way traffic
stopstreep	n	de · mv. stopstrepen	stop line
middenstreep	n	de · mv. middenstrepen	center line (line separating halves of a road)
middenberm	n	de · mv. middenbermen	median strip
gadeslaan	v	sloeg gade – gadegeslagen	to observe thoroughly
aanwerpen	v	wierp aan – aangeworpen	to throw (to)
aansmeren	v	smeerde aan – aangesmeerd	to palm off (on/to)
aanstekelijkheid	n	de	contagiousness
hulst	n	de	holly, common holly (Ilex aquifolium)
enculturalisatie	n	de	enculturation
aandelenhandelaar	n	de · mv. aandelenhandelaren	stockbroker
addergif	n	het	viper venom
aanmaning	n	de · mv. aanmaningen	reprimand, reproof
afdracht	n	de · mv. afdrachten	contribution, payment
afhaalchinees	n	de · mv. afhaalchinezen	Chinese takeaway (restaurant) (in practice usually a Chinese-Indonesian…
steekpalm	n	de · mv. steekpalmen	holly (Ilex aquifolium); European box, boxwood (Buxus sempervirens)
afschetsing	n	de · mv. afschetsingen	depiction, portrayal, in particular as a rough sketch
apologetiek	n	de	apologetics
fonetisch	a		phonetic
buikworm	n	de · mv. buikwormen	an intestinal parasitic worm
tulpenboom	n	de · mv. tulpenbomen	magnolia, tree of the genus Magnolia; tulip tree, tree of the genus Liriodendron
aardvlo	n	de · mv. aardvlooien	flea beetle of the genus Psylliodes, or more generally any beetle from the…
klampen	v	klampte – geklampt	to cling, to hold
ascetisch	a		ascetic, relating to asceticism or ascetics
ijsbergsla	n	de	iceberg lettuce (Lactuca sativa var. capitata)
badjuffrouw	n	de · mv. badjuffrouwen	female pool lifeguard, often also serving as a swimming instructor
artsenijkundig	a		medical (pertaining to medicine)
bergijs	n	het	mountain ice (ice on or from a mountain)
leefmilieu	n	het · mv. leefmilieus	living environment, environment in which someone or something lives
milieumisdrijf	n	het · mv. milieumisdrijven	environmental crime, crime related to harming or neglecting due care for the…
gemeenteambtenaar	n	de · mv. gemeenteambtenaren	municipal official, municipal public servant
banketbakker	n	de · mv. banketbakkers	patissier; baker specialised in baker's confectionery
gramper	n	de · mv. grampers	Risso's dolphin (Grampus griseus)
roodbaars	n	de · mv. roodbaarzen	a rockfish, fish of the family Sebastidae, in particular of the genus Sebastes
vlokever	n	de · mv. vlokevers	flea beetle of the genus Psylliodes, or more generally any beetle from the…
beeldelement	n	het · mv. beeldelementen	image element (compositional component of a visual composition)
staartman	n	de · mv. staartmannen	Englishman
zeedahlia	n	de · mv. zeedahlia's	dahlia anemone, Urticina felina
bemost	a		mossy, covered in moss
begeerlijkheid	n	de · mv. begeerlijkheden	desirability; something desirable
bewerpen	v	bewierp – beworpen	to throw at
trilaal	n	de · mv. trilalen	synonym of sidderaal (“electric eel”)
beboeting	n	de · mv. beboetingen	the act of fining
beenamputatie	n	de · mv. beenamputaties	leg amputation
amputatie	n	de · mv. amputaties	amputation (surgical removal of a body part)
benedenbuurman	n	de · mv. benedenbuurmannen	male downstairs neighbour
benedenbuurvrouw	n	de · mv. benedenbuurvrouwen	female downstairs neighbour
belangeloosheid	n	de	selflessness
vruchtbaarheidsgodin	n	de · mv. vruchtbaarheidsgodinnen	fertility goddess
bermtoerist	n	de · mv. bermtoeristen	roadside tourist (one who engages in recreation at the side of a road)
berkhaan	n	de · mv. berkhanen	blackcock, heath cock, male of Lyrurus tetrix (syn. Tetrao tetrix)
zandberm	n	de · mv. zandbermen	a berm (verge) with a surface of sand
oververzekerd	a		overinsured (having excessive insurance)
onderverzekerd	a		underinsured (having insufficient insurance)
Berlijner	n	de · mv. Berlijners	Berliner (inhabitant of Berlin)
Berlijner	a		of or pertaining to Berlin
mond-op-neusbeademing	n	de · mv. mond-op-neusbeademingen	mouth-to-nose resuscitation, mouth-to-nose ventilation
zeebeer	n	de · mv. zeeberen	fur seal, pinniped of the subfamily Arctocephalinae
oorrob	n	de · mv. oorrobben	eared seal, otary; any member of the family Otariidae
arecanoot	n	de · mv. arecanoten	areca nut, betel nut
bezwangering	n	de · mv. bezwangeringen	impregnation, the act of making someone pregnant
beverboom	n	de · mv. beverbomen	magnolia, tree or shrub of the genus Magnolia
zabberen	v	zabberde – gezabberd	to drool
antisepticum	n	het · mv. antiseptica	disinfectant, antiseptic (antiseptic agent)
desinfectans	n	het · mv. desinfectantia	disinfectant, antiseptic (antiseptic agent)
ontsmettingsmiddel	n	het · mv. ontsmettingsmiddelen	disinfectant, antiseptic (antiseptic agent)
kerststuk	n	het · mv. kerststukken	Christmas arrangement (ornamental plant arrangement with Christmas…
zeesnoek	n	de · mv. zeesnoeken	European barracuda (Sphyraena sphyraena); snoek, any barracuda
volkswil	n	de	will of the people
naatje	n	het	something that is of poor quality or that is unpleasant; something that sucks
atoomtheorie	n	de · mv. atoomtheorieën	atomic theory
atoommodel	n	het · mv. atoommodellen	atomic model
kernfysica	n	de	nuclear physics
broedzorg	n	de	parental care for offspring or eggs by animals
bolhoop	n	de · mv. bolhopen	globular cluster
vliegvissen	v	vliegviste – gevliegvist	to fly-fish
langeafstandswandelaar	n	de · mv. langeafstandswandelaars	long-distance hiker, long-distance walker
zeeslak	n	de · mv. zeeslakken	marine snail or slug
longslak	n	de · mv. longslakken	snail or slug of the taxon Pulmonata
bewoorden	v	bewoordde – bewoord	to express in words, to put into words
boekenkennis	n	de	knowledge primarily based on reading about a subject rather than personal…; knowledge about books, such as bibliography or bibliology
dienstmaagd	n	de · mv. dienstmaagden	maidservant, maid
schoolreis	n	de · mv. schoolreizen	school excursion, school trip
snoepreis	n	de · mv. snoepreizen	a junket, a pleasure trip
pretpakket	n	het · mv. pretpakketten	any curriculum in secondary education with no or relatively mathematics and…; a recreational boxset containing various items
kistrijder	n	de · mv. kistrijders	a motorcycle or quad participant in the Dakar Rally who participates in the…
volksoploop	n	de · mv. volksoplopen	a more or less spontaneous mass gathering of people at a location, often in…
razeil	n	het · mv. razeilen	a rectangular sail that is rigged to a spar
handelsnatie	n	de · mv. handelsnaties	trading nation (nation whose national income or national identity largely…
microbiotoop	n	de · mv. microbiotopen	microbiotope
boekmaag	n	de · mv. boekmagen	omasum
boekpens	n	de · mv. boekpensen	omasum
apetrots	a		very proud (generally with positive connotations)
oliedom	a		extremely stupid (very unclever)
koewachter	n	de · mv. koewachters	cowherd; especially a boy herding cows off meadow; harvestman (arachnid of the order Opiliones)
koewachtertje	n	het · mv. koewachtertjes	synonym of grasmus (“common whitethroat”) (Sylvia communis)
herdershond	n	de · mv. herdershonden	sheepdog (dog (breed) used for herding herds)
geitenherder	n	de · mv. geitenherders	goatherd
rivierdal	n	het · mv. rivierdalen	river valley, wadi
herdersstaf	n	de · mv. herdersstaven	shepherd's crook
rivierbedding	n	de · mv. rivierbeddingen	riverbed, bed of a river
zeebed	n	het · mv. zeebedden	seabed
zielenherder	n	de · mv. zielenherders	pastor; a reverend, minister, priest or cleric; pastor, someone who provides pastoral care
stroombedding	n	de · mv. stroombeddingen	bed of a stream
grootindustrieel	n	de · mv. grootindustriëlen	industrial magnate, grand industrialist
klabak	n	de · mv. klabakken	cop, pig: synonym of politieagent (“police officer”)
industrialisatie	n	de · mv. industrialisaties	industrialisation
kaassoufflé	n	de · mv. kaassoufflés	a deep-fried snack made of cheese wrapped in a flat, rectangular or…
Wilco	m		a diminutive of the male given name Willem, equivalent to English Will
stethoscoop	n	de · mv. stethoscopen	stethoscope
bouwsel	n	het · mv. bouwsels	construction, building, something built
afbouwen	v	bouwde af – afgebouwd	to finish building; to reduce, to phase out
muskushert	n	het · mv. muskusherten	a musk deer, a deer of the genus Moschus; but formerly also used of the…
kantjil	n	de · mv. kantjils	a mouse deer, a chevrotain, deer of the genus Tragulus, especially Tragulus…
dwerghert	n	het · mv. dwergherten	chevrotain (deer of the family Tragulidae)
frikandel	n	de · mv. frikandellen	a deep-fried snack mainly containing ground meat and bread crumbs, to some…
frikadel	n	de · mv. frikadellen	flattened, seasoned meatball
gaffelhert	n	het · mv. gaffelherten	a brocket; a two-year-old stag, with small antlers
schijnhert	n	het · mv. schijnherten	telemetacarpal deer, deer of the subfamily Capreolinae
moerashert	n	het · mv. moerasherten	marsh deer (Blastocerus dichotomus); Used of various other deer living in swamps
spieshert	n	het · mv. spiesherten	a brocket deer, of the genus Mazama
schemeractief	a		crepuscular (active around twilight)
muildierhert	n	het · mv. muildierherten	mule deer, Odocoileus hemionus
lierhert	n	het · mv. lierherten	Eld's deer, Cervus eldii (or Rucervus eldii or Panolia eldii)
waterree	n	de/het · mv. waterreeën	water deer, Hydropotes inermis
poedoe	n	de · mv. poedoes	pudu (deer of the genus Pudu)
kariboe	n	de · mv. kariboes	caribou (reindeer)
doorschieten	v	schoot door – doorgeschoten	to overshoot; to continue shooting; to pierce through with a shot
vullis	n	het	scum, trash, riffraff
meelopen	v	liep mee – meegelopen	to accompany, to walk along; to toady, be a fellow traveller
emailleren	v		to enamel (cover with enamel)
geboreling	n	de · mv. geborelingen	a newborn, a newborn child
hertenkamp	n	de · mv. hertenkampen	enclosed pasture where deer are kept
zesender	n	de · mv. zesenders	a roebuck with three-pointed antlers
Soendanees	n	de · mv. Soendanezen	Sundanese person
Soendanees	m		Sundanese, the Sundanese language
Soendanees	a		Sundanese; pertaining to Sunda, the Sundanese people or the Sundanese language
borstweer	n	de · mv. borstweren	synonym of borstwering
treintrekker	n	de · mv. treintrekkers	locomotive (power unit of a train)
erfwoord	n	het · mv. erfwoorden	inherited word (word inherited from an ancestor of the language)
zwerfwoord	n	het · mv. zwerfwoorden	Wanderwort
boomheiligdom	n	het · mv. boomheiligdommen	a tree sanctuary, a sacred grove or a sacred tree
knokfilm	n	de · mv. knokfilms	action movie, action film
lelieblank	a		lily-white, pale white (now mainly referring to (pale) white skin tones)
bloedbaan	n	de · mv. bloedbanen	bloodstream
Virginië	m		Virginia, a U.S. state
skeletspier	n	de · mv. skeletspieren	skeletal muscle
bewegingsapparaat	n	het · mv. bewegingsapparaten	locomotor system
grootoorvos	n	de · mv. grootoorvossen	bat-eared fox (Otocyon megalotis)
lepelhond	n	de · mv. lepelhonden	bat-eared fox (Otocyon megalotis)
zadeljakhals	n	de · mv. zadeljakhalzen	black-backed jackal (Canis mesomelas)
goudjakhals	n	de · mv. goudjakhalzen	golden jackal (Canis aureus)
goudwolf	n	de · mv. goudwolven	synonym of goudjakhals (“golden jackal (Canis aureus)”)
rietwolf	n	de · mv. rietwolven	synonym of goudjakhals (“golden jackal (Canis aureus)”)
exoot	n	de · mv. exoten	an exotic species, an introduced species, an exotic
bruinhemd	n	de · mv. bruinhemden	a member of the SA (Sturmabteilung); a Nazi, a member of the NSDAP
steenpuist	n	de · mv. steenpuisten	carbuncle, boil, furuncle
bloemisterij	n	de · mv. bloemisterijen	flower shop, florist's shop; flower farm
bloemenkwekerij	n	de · mv. bloemenkwekerijen	flower farm
wolvenroedel	n	de/het · mv. wolvenroedels	wolf pack
pinakel	n	de · mv. pinakels	pinnacle (ornamental spire)
fiaal	n	de · mv. fialen	pinnacle (ornamental spire)
rotje	n	het · mv. rotjes	firecracker
Wijssel	m		a river in Poland, the Vistula
cimbaal	n	de · mv. cimbalen	cymbal (percussion instrument)
damsteen	n	de · mv. damstenen	draught, checker; stone that closes a furnace or crucible, preventing the molten metal from…
cirkelboog	n	de · mv. cirkelbogen	a part of the circumference of a circle
dikdarm	n	de · mv. dikdarmen	synonym of dikke darm
tafelmanier	n	de · mv. tafelmanieren	the (prescribed) way of conduct when dining; table manners, etiquette
ambtgenoot	n	de · mv. ambtgenoten	someone who exercises the same or an equivalent office; colleague or…
soortgenoot	n	de · mv. soortgenoten	an organism belonging to the same species (in usage sometimes translatable…; one's peer, equal, counterpart, member of the same group; an object of the same type or category
rukbeer	n	de · mv. rukberen	a habitual wanker, a tosser
shotglas	n	het · mv. shotglazen	shot glass
borrelglas	n	het · mv. borrelglazen	shot glass (small glass from which liquor is drunk)
jachthaven	n	de · mv. jachthavens	marina (recreational harbour for yachts and small boats)
kunsthaven	n	de · mv. kunsthavens	artificial harbour
winterhaven	n	de · mv. winterhavens	winter harbour (harbour where ships can safely spend the winter)
rivierhaven	n	de · mv. rivierhavens	river port, river harbour
legeraanvoerder	n	de · mv. legeraanvoerders	army commander, military commander
legeraanvoerster	n	de · mv. legeraanvoersters	female army commander, female military commander
herdenkingsmunt	n	de · mv. herdenkingsmunten	commemorative coin
muntthee	n	de	mint tea
knotwilg	n	de · mv. knotwilgen	a pollarded willow, knotted willow
tempelwachter	n	de · mv. tempelwachters	temple guard, temple guardian (person guarding a temple, or a depiction thereof)
zwemvogel	n	de · mv. zwemvogels	waterbird that primarily swims
moffenmeid	n	de · mv. moffenmeiden	a woman who had a romantic relation with a German soldier during World War…
samenscholingsverbod	n	het · mv. samenscholingsverboden	ban on assembly in public spaces
karstbron	n	de · mv. karstbronnen	karst spring
meteorenregen	n	de · mv. meteorenregens	meteor shower, meteor swarm
mosselhangcultuur	n	de	the breeding of mussels in long nets suspended from surface lines, platforms…
dijkgraafschap	n	het · mv. dijkgraafschappen	the office of a dijkgraaf, the status of being a dijkgraaf; water board, region presided over by a dijkgraaf
scheurmaker	n	de · mv. scheurmakers	one who sows or effects division; a divisive figure, seceder or schismatic
breiloon	n	het	wages for knitting work
boomkruiper	n	de · mv. boomkruipers	short-toed treecreeper (Certhia brachydactyla); a treecreeper, bird of the family Certhiidae
antiaanbaklaag	n	de · mv. antiaanbaklagen	nonstick layers in frying pans
zwerfafval	n	het	litter (stray rubbish)
boomgod	n	de · mv. boomgoden	tree god
boomgodin	n	de · mv. boomgodinnen	tree nymph; tree goddess
bevissen	v	beviste – bevist	to fish at, to fish in (a body of water); to fish for (fish or other aquatic organisms)
panoramatoren	n	de · mv. panoramatorens	panorama tower
habijt	n	de/het · mv. habijten	habit (dress worn by monks and nuns)
konvooieren	v	konvooieerde – gekonvooieerd	to escort, to convoy
mosket	n	de · mv. mosketten	musket, male sparrow hawk
witsel	n	het · mv. witsels	limewash used for whitewashing
afvlakken	v	vlakte af – afgevlakt	to smoothen (to make or become smooth)
kleermaakster	n	de · mv. kleermaaksters	female tailor (woman who makes, repairs, or refashions clothing, often…
kleermakerszit	n	de	sitting position in which the legs are crossed, with the feet placed under…
schoenmakerij	n	de · mv. schoenmakerijen	the shoemaker's profession, the shoe-making sector; a business where shoes are produced, repaired and sold, a shoemaker's shop
kleermakerij	n	de · mv. kleermakerijen	the tailor's profession, the tailoring sector; a business where clothing is produced, repaired and sold, a tailor's shop
vliegramp	n	de · mv. vliegrampen	aircraft disaster, disaster pertaining to aviation
sensatiepers	n	de	yellow press
boerenland	n	het	farmland, agricultural land
broddelaar	n	de · mv. broddelaars	bumbler, bungler
bovenstem	n	de · mv. bovenstemmen	the highest part or register of a multivocal work
boerenbedriegerij	n	de · mv. boerenbedriegerijen	crude scam, fraud (connoting that the deceit is blatant or audacious)
vliegdek	n	het · mv. vliegdekken	flight deck, e.g. of an aircraft carrier
boekrecensie	n	de · mv. boekrecensies	book review
pijpaarde	n	de	a type of fine clay that turns white when baked, used in former times for…
pijpklei	n	de	a type of fine clay that turns white when baked, used in former times for…
kleitablet	n	de/het · mv. kleitabletten	clay tablet (writing medium made of clay used in Mesopotamia and nearby regions)
broeinest	n	het · mv. broeinesten	hotbed; place where a contaminative disease can fester
bodemtype	n	het · mv. bodemtypes	soil type
infectering	n	de · mv. infecteringen	infection, the act or process of infecting
overstijging	n	de · mv. overstijgingen	transcendence
bijvullen	v	vulde bij – bijgevuld	to top up, to refill
klootviool	n	de · mv. klootviolen	bastard, asshole, arse
brugklas	n	de · mv. brugklassen	the first form or grade of secondary education; a school class of pupils at this level
brugklasser	n	de · mv. brugklassers	a pupil in the first form or grade of secondary education, usually at the…
brugger	n	de · mv. bruggers	a pupil in the first form or grade of secondary education, usually at the…
brugpieper	n	de · mv. brugpiepers	a pupil in the first form or grade of secondary education, usually at the…
kietelaar	n	de · mv. kietelaars	tickler, one who tickles
rivierdolfijn	n	de · mv. rivierdolfijnen	river dolphin, denoting a paraphyletic group of long-snouted riverain dolphins
sterrenzwerm	n	de · mv. sterrenzwermen	star cluster
bloedplasma	n	het	blood plasma
bloedplaatje	n	het · mv. bloedplaatjes	thrombocyte, platelet
bloedvergieting	n	de · mv. bloedvergietingen	bloodshed (violent loss of life); bleeding, the spilling or pouring of blood
doener	n	de · mv. doeners	a hands-on person, someone who prefers practical activity over talk or theory
poortwachter	n	de · mv. poortwachters	gatekeeper, one who guards a gate
appelwijf	n	het · mv. appelwijven	an apple saleswoman, notorious for shouting
potboef	n	de · mv. potboeven	scoundrel, rogue, knave; pillory
schavot	n	het · mv. schavotten	a scaffold where public executions or less commonly corporal punishment or…
koikarper	n	de · mv. koikarpers	koi, Cyprinus carpio carpio
toekruid	n	het · mv. toekruiden	a herb used as a spice or condiment
tuinkever	n	de · mv. tuinkevers	synonym of rozenkever (“garden chafer, June bug, Phyllopertha horticola”)
winterkoning	n	de · mv. winterkoningen	Eurasian wren (Troglodytes troglodytes); wren (any bird of the Troglodytidae)
toevluchtsoord	n	het · mv. toevluchtsoorden	refuge, place where one seeks recourse or shelter
uitmoorden	v	moordde uit – uitgemoord	to exterminate, to annihilate, to murder (almost) all members of a group
wapenteken	n	het · mv. wapentekens	coat of arms, blazon
vluchtelingenkamp	n	het · mv. vluchtelingenkampen	refugee camp
uierboord	n	de · mv. uierboorden	the udder of a cow, or of another animal used as livestock, used as food
hoornraaf	n	de · mv. hoornraven	the ground hornbill, mainly ground-dwelling bird of the genus Bucorvus
venditie	n	de · mv. venditiën	public auction (both abstract and concrete)
veldteken	n	het · mv. veldtekens	banner, pennant
weerwraak	n	de	retaliation, revenge
zielsverhuizing	n	de · mv. zielsverhuizingen	transmigration of the soul, reincarnation, metempsychosis
metempsychotisch	a		metempsychotic
veneus	a		venous, pertaining to the veins
aderlijk	a		venous, pertaining to the veins
Afro-Amerikaan	n	de · mv. Afro-Amerikanen	Afro-American
Afro-Amerikaans	a		Afro-American, pertaining to Afro-Americans
worgengel	n	de · mv. worgengelen	angel of death
doodsengel	n	de · mv. doodsengelen	angel of death
stokbrood	n	het · mv. stokbroden	baguette (elongated French type of bread)
broodhaan	n	de · mv. broodhanen	a bread in the shape of a rooster, used in processions on Palm Sunday
afbakbrood	n	het · mv. afbakbroden	prebaked bread (bread that has been partially baked and can be baked in a…
veneroloog	n	de · mv. venerologen	venereologist (specialist in venereal disease)
vraagelastisch	a		elastic with respect to demand, demand-elastic
vraagelasticiteit	n	de	demand elasticity
aanbodelasticiteit	n	de	supply elasticity
borat	n	het	a type of woven woollen cloth, often made from yarn of combed wool and…
gewetensbezwaar	n	het · mv. gewetensbezwaren	conscientious objection
gewetensbezwaard	a		having a conscientious objection
gewetensbezwaarde	n	de · mv. gewetensbezwaarden	conscientious objector
gedienstig	a		helpful, willing to help
remparachute	n	de · mv. remparachutes	braking parachute, brake parachute
plezierjacht	n	het · mv. plezierjachten	luxurious yacht; recreational hunting, pleasure hunting
mastkorf	n	de · mv. mastkorven	crow's nest, cask or shelter at the top of a mast for a lookout
gymnasiast	n	de · mv. gymnasiasten	a gymnasiast, a secondary-school pupil who attends a school type with…
lijkrede	n	de · mv. lijkredes	eulogy, discourse or sermon said at a funeral
stokebrand	n	de · mv. stokebranden	agitator, instigator of unrest
pletwals	n	de · mv. pletwalsen	road roller, roll, roller; a winner who trounces her/his opponents
stoomwals	n	de · mv. stoomwalsen	steamroller (often also used of non-steam-operated rollers)
karnton	n	de · mv. karntonnen	churn (vessel used for churning)
Zeelandia	m		a village in Guyana; a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao; a fortress in Suriname
Zeelandië	m		Zealandia (a sunken continent in the west of the Pacific)
tjaffelen	v	tjaffelde – getjaffeld	to move slowly with difficulty
woningbrand	n	de · mv. woningbranden	residential fire, housefire (disastrous fire in a residence)
kaagschip	n	het · mv. kaagschepen	a small single-masted flat-bottomed merchant sailing boat with leeboards,…
kaagschuit	n	de · mv. kaagschuiten	a small single-masted flat-bottomed merchant sailing boat with leeboards,…
speelhuis	n	het · mv. speelhuizen	casino, playhouse; pavilion, summerhouse, gazebo
speelhol	n	het · mv. speelholen	illegal casino, gambling den; a secluded area where children can play
drankbestrijding	n	de	temperance movement; the combatting of alcohol consumption
buideldas	n	de · mv. buideldassen	bandicoot, marsupial of the order Peramelemorphia
fiadu	n	de · mv. fiadu's	a sweet fluffy cake filled with rum-soaked raisins, almonds and succade
belangenverstrengeling	n	de · mv. belangenverstrengelingen	conflict of interest
onderbroekenlol	n	de	toilet humour (vulgar or silly humour, mainly pertaining to sexuality and…
onderbroekenhumor	n	de	toilet humour (vulgar or silly humour, mainly pertaining to sexuality and…
broekie	n	het · mv. broekies	a rookie, a whippersnapper, a beginner or a relatively young person
heul	n	de · mv. heulen	a floodgate with a bridge; a stone or brick bridge, usually consisting of only a single arch; poppy, plant of the genus Papaver
hoerenzoon	n	de · mv. hoerenzonen	whoreson, son of a bitch (despicable man); son of a whore, whoreson (son of a usually female prostitute)
hoetelen	v	hoetelde – gehoeteld	to mess around, to bungle, to huddle; to pester, to bother; to practice or engage in petty trade
hoerenkind	n	het · mv. hoerenkinderen	a despicable person; the child of a whore (child of a usually female prostitute)
hoerendop	n	de · mv. hoerendoppen	john, client of a prostitute, in particular a frequent patron (frequently…
valbijl	n	de · mv. valbijlen	guillotine
aartje	n	het · mv. aartjes	spikelet
nevenfunctie	n	de · mv. nevenfuncties	secondary job; ancillary position
verstrengeling	n	de · mv. verstrengelingen	entanglement
verstrengelen	v	verstrengelde – verstrengeld	to tangle up
kwantumverstrengeling	n	de · mv. kwantumverstrengelingen	quantum entanglement
kwantum	n	het · mv. kwantums	quantum
raszuiver	a		purebred, racially pure
deegwaar	n	de · mv. deegwaren	dough-based product; a pastry or noodle
zuurdeeg	n	het · mv. zuurdegen	sourdough
zuurdesem	n	de · mv. zuurdesems	sourdough
desemen	v	desemde – gedesemd	to leaven
iaën	v	iade – geïaad	to hee-haw
eetbui	n	de · mv. eetbuien	a binge, an instance of binge eating
eendaags	a		one-day
kameelgeit	n	de · mv. kameelgeiten	llama
snoes	n	de · mv. snoezen	sweetheart, darling
schrijfbord	n	het · mv. schrijfborden	writing board
kadaster	n	het · mv. kadasters	cadastre
breukstreep	n	de · mv. breukstrepen	fraction slash, fraction bar
sterkedrank	n	de · mv. sterkedranken	beverage with 15%+ alcohol content
inzinking	n	de · mv. inzinkingen	breakdown
ratelpopulier	n	de · mv. ratelpopulieren	common aspen (Populus tremula)
eiser	n	de · mv. eisers	plaintiff
verweerder	n	de · mv. verweerders	defendant
doorslikken	v	slikte door – doorgeslikt	to swallow
imponeren	v	imponeerde – geïmponeerd	to impress, to intimidate
afzeiken	v	zeikte af – afgezeikt	to criticise harshly, to ridicule
stukgaan	v	ging stuk – stukgegaan	to break down, go out of order, become broken; to be overcome with laughter, split one's sides
kapotgaan	v	ging kapot – kapotgegaan	to break down
middenin	d		in the middle
bijklussen	v	kluste bij – bijgeklust	to moonlight (to work on the side)
zwartwerken	v	werkte zwart – zwartgewerkt	to moonlight (work secretly)
zwartvissen	v	viste zwart – zwartgevist	to fish illegally (e.g. without a fishing licence)
zelfvoldaan	a		self-satisfied, smug
uitdiepen	v	diepte uit – uitgediept	to deepen
diepen	v	diepte – gediept	to deepen
opdiepen	v	diepte op – opgediept	to disclose, to bring to light; to raise, to bring up, to dig up (physically)
naastenliefde	n	de · mv. naastenliefdes	altruism, charity, philanthropy
smalen	v	smalde – gesmald	to scorn (to display contempt)
draagdoek	n	de · mv. draagdoeken	sling (i.e. for a broken arm or for carrying a baby)
bezitster	n	de · mv. bezitsters	female owner
gesteun	n	het	groaning
notitie	n	de · mv. notities	note (writing)
tongbreker	n	de · mv. tongbrekers	tongue-twister
Ingen	m		Ingen (a village in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands)
civiliteit	n	de · mv. civiliteiten	politeness, civility; civil formality
bastaardklaproos	n	de · mv. bastaardklaprozen	rough poppy (Papaver hybridum)
klapperroos	n	de · mv. klapperrozen	synonym of klaproos
maankop	n	de/het · mv. maankoppen	a poppy, any of several plants of genus Papaver; the opium poppy (Papaver somniferum); the hairless seedbox of certain poppies
aanbetalen	v	betaalde aan – aanbetaald	to make a down payment for
loon-prijsspiraal	n	de · mv. loon-prijsspiralen	wage-price spiral
aanblazen	v	blies aan – aangeblazen	to kindle by means of breath or wind; to incite, to kindle; to inspire
slaapbol	n	de · mv. slaapbollen	opium poppy (Papaver somniferum); the seedbox of the opium poppy; any of several narcotic drugs made from the opium poppy
bolpapaver	n	de · mv. bolpapavers	opium poppy (Papaver somniferum)
duimstok	n	de · mv. duimstokken	foldable meter stick, foldable yardstick (foldable measuring rod, nowadays…
zelfonderricht	n	het	self education, self teaching
onderricht	n	het	education, instruction, teaching
ontvouwing	n	de · mv. ontvouwingen	unfolding
bergstofkunde	n	de	mineralogy
handschoenmaker	n	de · mv. handschoenmakers	glover
bergwerker	n	de · mv. bergwerkers	miner (one who works in a mine)
vleeshouwer	n	de · mv. vleeshouwers	butcher
godslaster	n	de	blasphemy
godslasterlijk	a		blasphemous
godslasteren	v	godslasterde – gegodslasterd	to blaspheme
godslasteraar	n	de · mv. godslasteraars	blasphemer
godslasterig	a		blasphemous
snoepreep	n	de · mv. snoeprepen	candy bar
blikslager	n	de · mv. blikslagers	one who produces or repairs objects made of sheet metal, e.g. a pewterer or…
blikslager	i		Minced oath for bliksem
estafettestaking	n	de · mv. estafettestakingen	a relay strike; a type of strike where workers in a particular sector strike…
plaatstaal	n	het	sheet steel
grondvest	n	de/het · mv. grondvesten	foundation, principle; foundation of an edifice
pinksterbloem	n	de · mv. pinksterbloemen	cuckooflower (Cardamine pratensis)
klaarspelen	v	speelde klaar – klaargespeeld	to manage to get done
zwik	n	de · mv. zwikken	wooden pin, bung, dowel; spandrel (triangle formed by one or more arches and a linear or rectangular…; stuff, junk
zwikken	v	zwikte – gezwikt	to sprain, to wrench; to give way, to snap; to last a shoe
waterweg	n	de · mv. waterwegen	waterway (navigable body of water); water route (route over a waterway)
wildbout	n	de · mv. wildbouten	a haunch of game
wildhout	n	het	any tree or woody growth that isn't teak; any wood that isn't teak
wingerd	n	de · mv. wingerden	grapevine of the species Vitis vinifera; synonym of wilde wingerd (“creeper, plant of genus Parthenocissus”)
reukloos	a		emitting no smell; having no sense of smell
reukbal	n	de · mv. reukballen	pomander
oorlogsveteraan	n	de · mv. oorlogsveteranen	war veteran (someone who has fought in a war)
schaamlap	n	de · mv. schaamlappen	loincloth
heksenkring	n	de · mv. heksenkringen	fairy ring
sjamaan	n	de · mv. sjamanen	shaman, witch doctor
gidsland	n	het · mv. gidslanden	exemplary country
zwijnsspriet	n	de · mv. zwijnssprieten	a hunting spear, especially used for hunting boars
vaderlandsliefde	n	de	patriotism
verbeelden	v	verbeeldde – verbeeld	to depict; to imagine
ruimschoots	d		amply; with the wind in the back
ruimschoots	a		ample
aantocht	n	de · mv. aantochten	approach
kerks	a		churched, church-going
luizenei	n	het · mv. luizeneieren	nit; louse egg
geleedpotig	a		arthropodal
maandagsmorgens	d		Monday morning
dinsdagsmorgens	d		Tuesday morning
woensdagsmorgens	d		Wednesday morning
donderdagsmorgens	d		on Thursday morning
vrijdagsmorgens	d		Friday morning
zaterdagsmorgens	d		Saturday morning
zondagsmorgens	d		Sunday morning
sluikhandel	n	de	smuggling, illicit trade
goudstuk	n	het · mv. goudstukken	gold coin
zilverstuk	n	het · mv. zilverstukken	silver coin
koperstuk	n	het · mv. koperstukken	copper coin
zilverling	n	de · mv. zilverlingen	silver coin
hardtin	n	het	an alloy of tin and copper; pewter
peauter	n	het	pewter; originally an alloy of tin and lead, now often tin alloyed with…
boekhouder	n	de · mv. boekhouders	bookkeeper, accountant
boekhouden	v	hield boek – boekgehouden	to keep financial accounts
bovennatuurkunde	n	de	metaphysics (philosophical area of study)
bovennatuur	n	de	the metaphysical; the supernatural
schijnheil	n	de · mv. schijnheilen	a sanctimonious person; illusory salvation
reukorgaan	n	het · mv. reukorganen	olfactory organ, nose
leerstelsel	n	het · mv. leerstelsels	doctrinal system; doctrine, dogma
leerstuk	n	het · mv. leerstukken	doctrine, dogma
kookkunst	n	de · mv. kookkunsten	culinary art; culinary skill; cuisine
vlugzout	n	het	smelling salts (ammonium carbonate)
leerlooier	n	de · mv. leerlooiers	tanner, practitioner of tanning (one who prepares leather with tan)
leerlooierij	n	de · mv. leerlooierijen	tanning, process of treating hides with tan; a tanning business, a tanner's workshop
mijngraver	n	de · mv. mijngravers	miner
kolengruis	n	het	slack, small coal particles
marmiet	n	de · mv. marmieten	kettle, marmite, cooking pot; Marmite
dabben	v	dabde – gedabd	to dab
sarder	n	de · mv. sarders	pesterer, tormenter (one who pesters); sard, a brownish carnelian
sardis	n	de	sard, usually a brownish carnelian
sarren	v	sarde – gesard	to pester, to bother, to torment
toonaard	n	de · mv. toonaarden	mode (major scale or minor scale); key (classical mode)
toongeslacht	n	het · mv. toongeslachten	mode (major scale or minor scale)
verzen	n	de · mv. verzenen	heel
vrijage	n	de · mv. vrijages	romantic relation
gewormte	n	het	worms; bugs, worms and insects, creepy-crawlies, wormy vermin (often in reference…
engelin	n	de · mv. engelinnen	female angel; Affectionate, often romantic term for a woman
luwen	v	luwde – geluwd	to subside, to lull
motordief	n	de · mv. motordieven	motorbike thief
spectrofotometer	n	de · mv. spectrofotometers	spectrophotometer
velgrem	n	de · mv. velgremmen	rim brake
handrem	n	de · mv. handremmen	handbrake (any brake operated by hand, e.g. a parking brake or a brake lever)
terugtraprem	n	de · mv. terugtrapremmen	coaster brake, backpedal brake
stacaravan	n	de · mv. stacaravans	mobile home, trailer
vaceren	v	vaceerde – gevaceerd	to be vacant
fotometer	n	de · mv. fotometers	photometer
kraamvrouwenkoorts	n	de	puerperal fever, postpartum endometritis
kraamvrouwensterfte	n	de	mortality (rate) of women in childbirth, maternal mortality
loting	n	de · mv. lotingen	lottery
rolmaat	n	de · mv. rolmaten	self-retracting tape measure
medemens	n	de · mv. medemensen	fellow man (of any gender), fellow human
opgooien	v	gooide op – opgegooid	to throw upwards
inhoudsmaat	n	de · mv. inhoudsmaten	unit of volume
goudsbloem	n	de · mv. goudsbloemen	marigold (Calendula)
afrikaantje	n	het · mv. afrikaantjes	marigold (plant of the genus Tagetes)
afwasbak	n	de · mv. afwasbakken	sink (for dishes)
handwerken	v	handwerkte – gehandwerkt	to handwork
handwerk	n	het · mv. handwerken	handiwork
bochtig	a		winding
gekerm	n	het	groaning, moaning
zienswijze	n	de · mv. zienswijzen	point of view
oerstom	a		unusually dumb
kloostermop	n	de · mv. kloostermoppen	large mediaeval brick
gevest	n	het · mv. gevesten	hilt, haft of a blade weapon
metworst	n	de · mv. metworsten	an air-dried sausage made from raw minced pork
welnee	i		of course not
bankgeld	n	het	bank money (tender accepted by or acceptable to a bank in times before…
papachtig	a		pasty, pap-like
volksvijandig	a		hostile or inimical to the people (variously defined, but since the 1930s…
ingeval	c		if, in case
ingewand	n	het · mv. ingewanden	belly, esp. as the seat of emotions
meetlint	n	het · mv. meetlinten	tape measure
heilwens	n	de · mv. heilwensen	wish (for success, health, etc. to someone)
glasplaat	n	de · mv. glasplaten	glass pane
knielaars	n	de · mv. knielaarzen	knee-high boot
dichtkunde	n	de	poetry
dichtkundig	a		poetic
dichterlijk	a		poetic
dierenwelzijn	n	het	animal welfare
vetarm	a		having a low fat content
scheepsvolk	n	het · mv. scheepsvolkeren	a ship's crew (sometimes excluding officers)
zomereik	n	de · mv. zomereiken	pedunculate oak, common oak, European oak (Quercus robur)
kraakhelder	a		limpid, transparent, clear
Zierikzee	m		a city and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
levensvatbaarheid	n	de	viability
schildhouder	n	de · mv. schildhouders	supporter
grafmongool	n	de · mv. grafmongolen	fucktard
terreinauto	n	de · mv. terreinauto's	off-road car
mensenrecht	n	het · mv. mensenrechten	human right
mensenzee	n	de · mv. mensenzeeën	mass of people, large multitude
broodplank	n	de · mv. broodplanken	breadboard; a cutting board, especially used for cutting or carrying bread
speerhaai	n	de · mv. speerhaaien	spiny dogfish, spurdog, Squalus acanthias
voetzool	n	de · mv. voetzolen	sole of the foot (bottom part of the foot)
zee-engte	n	de · mv. zee-engten	narrow strait or channel, a narrow sea passage enclosed by land
aanrader	n	de · mv. aanraders	recommendation (that which is recommended)
godsbewijs	n	het · mv. godsbewijzen	proof of God; demonstration purporting to prove the existence of God
Hardenne	m		a surname from Flemish
moervos	n	de · mv. moervossen	vixen, female fox
Ardennen	m		Ardennes (forest, geographic region and low mountain range in France,…; Ardennes (a department of Grand Est, France)
dierenrechtenactivist	n	de · mv. dierenrechtenactivisten	animal rights activist
dierenrechtenactiviste	n	de · mv. dierenrechtenactivistes	female animal rights activist
dierenrechtenactivisme	n	het	animal rights activism
mensenrechtenactivist	n	de · mv. mensenrechtenactivisten	human rights activist
mensenrechtenactiviste	n	de · mv. mensenrechtenactivistes	female human rights activist
mensenrechtenactivisme	n	het	human rights activism
bloedvink	n	de · mv. bloedvinken	synonym of goudvink (“bullfinch”) (Pyrrhula pyrrhula)
vakterm	n	de · mv. vaktermen	technical term, a specialist term used in jargon
citerspel	n	het	zither music
kwekerij	n	de · mv. kwekerijen	a farm where plants are grown, in particular for saplings, flowers and…; a nursery where: (Belgium, Suriname) any animals are raised or (Netherlands)…; the activity of farming at a farm of one of the above types
computertoets	n	de · mv. computertoetsen	a computer key or computer button (pressable input device); an exam or test taken on a computer
buiteling	n	de · mv. buitelingen	a forward roll, especially when stumbling
koprol	n	de · mv. koprollen	roll, tumble (gymnastics move where the body rotates by rolling…
koprollen	v	koprolde – gekoprold	to roll, to tumble
houtlijm	n	de · mv. houtlijmen	wood glue, joiner's glue
miltvuurbos	n	het · mv. miltvuurbossen	a small, densely grown tract of forest in a pasture, where livestock were…
rokerij	n	de · mv. rokerijen	smokery, smokehouse (building or facility where fish or meat is cured by…
palingrokerij	n	de · mv. palingrokerijen	eel smokery, eel smokehouse (building or facility where eels are cured by…
stuurs	a		curmudgeonly, moody, dour, cranky
dundoek	n	het · mv. dundoeken	the type of cloth from which flags are made; flag, banner
schrootbus	n	de · mv. schrootbussen	case shot, canister shot
naarst	n	de	diligence, industry, keenness
zeeanjelier	n	de · mv. zeeanjelieren	frilled anemone (Metridium senile)
noordzeekrab	n	de · mv. noordzeekrabben	brown crab, edible crab (Cancer pagurus)
krabbezakje	n	het · mv. krabbezakjes	crab hacker barnacle, Sacculina carcini
Roelof	m		a male given name
Roeland	m		a male given name
schemerkelkje	n	het · mv. schemerkelkjes	sundowner (cocktail drunk at sundown)
onzichtbaarheid	n	de · mv. onzichtbaarheden	invisibility, state of not being visible; something that is invisible
typesoort	n	de · mv. typesoorten	type species (species that permanently defines a genus or lower taxon)
soortelijk	a		characteristic of a species; characteristic of a type of matter (e.g. element)
boekjaar	n	het · mv. boekjaren	financial year, fiscal year
nachtwacht	n	de · mv. nachtwachten	night guard, night watchman or night watchwoman (person belonging to a night…; night watch, night guard (group of people who stand guard at night); guard duty for the night watch (look-out duty at night)
bloedschenner	n	de · mv. bloedschenners	one who commits incest, incestuous person
melomaan	n	de · mv. melomanen	melomaniac (music lover)
voorbeeldzin	n	de · mv. voorbeeldzinnen	example sentence
tegenspartelen	v	spartelde tegen – tegengesparteld	to resist by struggling, to flounder in resistance
vrijplaats	n	de · mv. vrijplaatsen	refuge, safe haven, sanctuary (place that offers safety, in particular…
vliegtoestel	n	het · mv. vliegtoestellen	airplane, aircraft
plofstof	n	de · mv. plofstoffen	explosive, explosive substance
talhout	n	het	long, slender pieces of wood cut or shredded from branches and trunks, often…
wereldkaart	n	de · mv. wereldkaarten	world map
verkeersknoop	n	de · mv. verkeersknopen	a traffic bottleneck; a place where traffic jams often occur; a junction or traffic hub
pletterpet	n	de · mv. pletterpetten	an orange helmet decorated in the style of a makarapa, distributed as a…
verkeersknooppunt	n	het · mv. verkeersknooppunten	interchange (grade-separated infrastructure junction)
kankerbos	n	de	cancer bush, Lessertia frutescens; a forest dedicated to people who died from cancer
kalefateren	v	kalefaterde – gekalefaterd	to caulk (to fill seams with oakum); to patch up, to fix
doordenker	n	de · mv. doordenkers	a saying, story or quip supposed to require contemplation, e.g. to…; one who thinks deeply or 'deeper' than others, one who contemplates deeply
giller	n	de · mv. gillers	something hilarious; (also) something risible, something ridiculous; a screamer, a yeller (one who shouts)
sjalot	n	de · mv. sjalotten	shallot (Allium cepa var. aggregatum)
strandjutter	n	de · mv. strandjutters	beachcomber (one who collects or steals items of salvage on a beach)
strandjut	n	de · mv. strandjutten	beachcomber (one who collects or steals items of salvage found on a beach)
hyenahond	n	de · mv. hyenahonden	synonym of Afrikaanse wilde hond (“African wild dog, Lycaon pictus”)
bloedschennis	n	de	incest
bloedschending	n	de	incest
bloedgericht	n	het · mv. bloedgerichten	a judicial or extralegal verdict of death
spoorrail	n	het · mv. spoorrails	rail track
zwemstaart	n	de · mv. zwemstaarten	a tail that can be used for propulsion when swimming
doodsmaal	n	het · mv. doodsmalen	meal held after someone's death, usually on the eve before or within days of…
aangrenzen	v	grensde aan – aangegrensd	to border on
aangrenzend	v		adjacent, bordering
hydrofobie	n	de	hydrophobia
bewandelen	v	bewandelde – bewandeld	to walk on (a route or surface)
overheidssector	n	de · mv. overheidssectoren	government sector
bumor	n	de	the dry wit of Sybrand van Haersma Buma
voedingsmiddel	n	het · mv. voedingsmiddelen	food item, aliment, foodstuff
cijferschrift	n	het · mv. cijferschriften	an encrypted message; a method or key for encrypting messages
dikmaals	d		often, frequently
doodbus	n	de · mv. doodbussen	funerary urn
aanspijkeren	v	spijkerde aan – aangespijkerd	to nail fast, to fasten with nails
kamerolifant	n	de · mv. kamerolifanten	land whale (insult for an overweight person)
toewerpen	v	wierp toe – toegeworpen	to throw (to)
aanzaaien	v	zaaide aan – aangezaaid	to sow on (a patch of soil)
behuwdmoeder	n	de · mv. behuwdmoeders	mother-in-law
beenpijp	n	de · mv. beenpijpen	a leg cover, (also) a trouser leg; the part of a bone consisting of cortical bone
autoloos	a		carless
aanvliegen	v	vloog aan – aangevlogen	to fly near, to arrive or approach by flying; (informal, office jargon) to approach (a problem, a subject)
kiloknaller	n	de · mv. kiloknallers	a discount offer for a meat product per kilogramme; a cut-price meat product
deeleconomie	n	de	sharing economy
balsturig	a		capricious, impulsive, whimsical
beschaduwen	v	beschaduwde – beschaduwd	to beshadow, to cover with shadow, to provide with shade
wormvormig	a		vermiform
aanhelpen	v	hielp aan – aangeholpen	to help put on, to aid with dressing; to provide with
bezeilen	v	bezeilde – bezeild	to sail on (a body of water), to sail
menspaard	n	het · mv. menspaarden	centaur or (less commonly) another fictional human–horse hybrid
rijksmunt	n	de · mv. rijksmunten	a coin issued by a national or imperial government; a national or imperial mint
plichtpleging	n	de · mv. plichtplegingen	a ceremony, a display of ceremony; an often ritualised expression of respect
schatlijst	n	de · mv. schatlijsten	inventory list
dampbad	n	het · mv. dampbaden	steam bath, sauna
bekruiden	v	bekruidde – bekruid	to spice, to season, to treat with spices and/or herbs
dansschoen	n	de · mv. dansschoenen	dancing shoe
aansmeden	v	smeedde aan – aangesmeed	to forge together, to forge into one
beklauteren	v	beklauterde – beklauterd	to climb, to climb on(to)
bolworm	n	de · mv. bolwormen	the larva of tapeworms of the genus Taenia, that cause coenurosis in sheep…
gladneus	n	de · mv. gladneuzen	vesper bat, bat of the family Vespertilionidae
hoefijzerneus	n	de · mv. hoefijzerneuzen	horseshoe bat, bat of the family Rhinolophidae
onaankomelijk	a		unreachable, impossible to reach or touch
aanhopen	v	hoopte aan – aangehoopt	to form a heap or mound from
belust	a		eager, desiring
beschermheer	n	de · mv. beschermheren	male patron, protector (high-status man offering protection and support of…
beschermvrouw	n	de · mv. beschermvrouwen	female patron, protector (high-status woman offering protection and support…
aannaderen	v	naderde aan – aangenaderd	to approach, to come near
werkdruk	n	de	workload
borreltafel	n	de · mv. borreltafels	salon table, table used for having drinks; a place or situation where lowbrow conversation takes place, often under…
geheimtaal	n	de · mv. geheimtalen	a cant, a secret language
blijmoedig	a		upbeat, cheerful
aanhuwelijking	n	de · mv. aanhuwelijkingen	the process of becoming related (becoming someone's in-law) through marriage
beschijten	v	bescheet – bescheten	to beshit, to shit on or in
plengen	v	plengde – geplengd	to pour, to cause to flow down
betralied	a		covered with bars, as in a cage or in front of a prison window
graftempo	n	het	an extremely slow pace
beugeltas	n	de · mv. beugeltassen	buckle bag
voortrekkerij	n	de	favouritism
leefgebied	n	het · mv. leefgebieden	habitat, territory (of an individual or population of animals or other…; residential area; living space (in a building, of a family or of an individual)
beschieting	n	de · mv. beschietingen	a shooting, an act of shooting at someone; a cover of planks
distelvijg	n	de · mv. distelvijgen	a prickly pear, an Indian fig
negerinnentet	n	de · mv. negerinnentetten	chocolate-coated cream or marshmallow treat
negerin	n	de · mv. negerinnen	black woman, negress
bekransen	v	bekranste – bekranst	to give a wreath to, to bestow a wreath on
konkelen	v	konkelde – gekonkeld	to engage in intrigue, to deceive, to act dishonestly; to screw around, to bungle, to fiddle around; to gossip, to tattle
bekwellen	v	bekwelde – bekweld	to torment, to pester
begenadigen	v	begenadigde – begenadigd	to grace [with met ‘with’], to gracefully give [with met] (giving something…; to pardon
bezweten	v	bezweette – bezweet	to cover in sweat (usually due to exertion)
bezweetheid	n	de	sweatiness
breikoker	n	de · mv. breikokers	a tubular case for storing knitting needles
omvolking	n	de	demographic replacement by exchanging one population for another (mainly as…
geldbelust	a		greedy, craving money
machtsbelust	a		power-hungry, craving power
kruidenboter	n	de	herb butter
knoflookboter	n	de	garlic butter
knoflooksaus	n	de	garlic sauce
pepersaus	n	de	pepper sauce
vissaus	n	de	fish sauce
heilsgeschiedenis	n	de	Heilsgeschichte
heilshistorie	n	de	Heilsgeschichte
vergewissen	v	vergewiste – vergewist	to convince oneself of the veracity [with van ‘of’]/[with dat ‘that’], to…
beeldvorming	n	de · mv. beeldvormingen	framing, perception (social interpretation of observations); imaging, image formation (creation of images of an interior by means of wave…
aanbruisen	v	bruiste aan – aangebruist	to approach, arrive or collide while foaming
dekbedovertrek	n	het · mv. dekbedovertrekken	duvet cover
bedoen	v	bedeed – bedaan	to soil oneself, to stain oneself, (in particular) to beshit or pee oneself
gasfles	n	de · mv. gasflessen	gas cylinder, gas canister
aanzeilen	v	zeilde aan – aangezeild	to sail near, to arrive, approach or collide by sailing; to collide against (something) while sailing
franjehaai	n	de · mv. franjehaaien	frilled shark (Chlamydoselachus anguineus)
aanwerken	v	werkte aan – aangewerkt	to obstruct, to make an effort; to rebuild, to replenish, to restore
pandapunt	n	de · mv. pandapunten	a fictional point awarded for sexlessness, of which one is gained for every…
begekken	v	begekte – begekt	to mock, to take the mickey out of
putjesschepper	n	de · mv. putjesscheppers	one who empties cesspits
bedopen	v	bedoopte – bedoopt	to dip, to submerge, to dunk
beknellen	v	beknelde – bekneld	to trap by pressing, crushing or squeezing; to intimidate, to daunt; to enclose, to keep in place
bereider	n	de · mv. bereiders	one who prepares something, especially someone who prepares a meal
aankooien	v	kooide aan – aangekooid	to lock (a forme) by means of quoins
desniettegenstaande	d		nevertheless, nonetheless
betuinen	v	betuinde – betuind	to enclose, to fence, to hedge
Rijk	m		a former village in Noord-Holland, the Netherlands, demolished in 1959,…; a drowned village in Noord-Holland, the Netherlands, destroyed by the…
Haarlemmermeer	m		a former lake in North Holland, the Netherlands, located between Amsterdam,…; a municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
bevijlen	v	bevijlde – bevijld	to work with a file (tool)
brandewijndrinker	n	de · mv. brandewijndrinkers	a habitual drinker of brandy (implying alcohol abuse)
tabakdrinker	n	de · mv. tabakdrinkers	a tobacco smoker
aanslijken	v	slijkte aan – aangeslijkt	to be expanded or replenished by mud deposits; to form from mud deposits; to be clogged by mud deposits
suikertaart	n	de · mv. suikertaarten	a pie with a filling and topping of (caramelised) sugar, typical of Belgian…; a hideously opulent building
bespekken	v	bespekte – bespekt	to lard; to fill with money; to stain, to blemish
beschemeren	v	beschemerde – beschemerd	to cast a faint shadow on
besneeuwen	v	besneeuwde – besneeuwd	to besnow, to snow on
diensthuis	n	het · mv. diensthuizen	a place where one is subject to slavery, servitude or any other oppression
stroopwafelpiet	n	de · mv. stroopwafelpieten	a servant of Sinterklaas with facepaint in the colour scheme of a…
roetveegpiet	n	de · mv. roetveegpieten	a servant of Sinterklaas with facepaint that resembles a daub of soot,…
bekrijten	v	bekreet – bekreten	to bemourn, to beweep; to chalk, to apply chalk to, to cover with chalk
aanspannen	v	spande aan – aangespannen	to stretch, to apply tension to; to put (animals) before a cart or carriage; to launch, to start (a trial or lawsuit)
begrijnen	v	begreen – begrenen	to grin maliciously at, to smirk at
berkenmeier	n	de · mv. berkenmeiers	a chalice, originally one carved from birch wood
zwijmelen	v	zwijmelde – gezwijmeld	to swoon, to pass out; to stagger, to walk unsteadily
kaaspiet	n	de · mv. kaaspieten	a servant of Sinterklaas with facepaint in the colour scheme of Gouda…
reuzendier	n	het · mv. reuzendieren	giant animal (megafauna, often prehistoric or mythological)
heksenmelk	n	de	leafy spurge (Euphorbia esula); witch's milk (neonatal milk)
gespan	n	het · mv. gespannen	a span, a team (pair or larger team of draught animals)
kanteloep	n	de · mv. kanteloepen	cantaloupe (melon)
olieslager	n	de · mv. olieslagers	an oil miller, an oil crusher; one who presses oil from produce, often with…
astrant	a		brazen, cheeky
ziekenhuisbacterie	n	de · mv. ziekenhuisbacteriën	any antibiotic-resistant bacterium often found in hospitals, a superbug
zoönose	n	de · mv. zoönosen	zoonosis
walgvogel	n	de · mv. walgvogels	synonym of dodo
dodaars	n	de · mv. dodaarzen	little grebe (Tachybaptus ruficollis)
gevreet	n	het	the act of eating (often with crude or wild connotations)
strapats	n	de · mv. strapatsen	prank, caper, antic (strange, excessive or frivolous action)
aanspinnen	v	spon aan – aangesponnen	to add, affix or join by weaving or spinning
bestrooien	v	bestrooide – bestrooid	to bestrew, to sprinkle on, to scatter on
wijkverpleegkunde	n	de	local medical care, community nursing
wijkverpleegkundige	n	de	district nurse (one who provides medical care locally)
verpleegkunde	n	de	nursing, medical care
verpleegkundig	a		pertaining to nursing
bestoppen	v	bestopte – bestopt	to hide, to conceal, to cover
aanvuren	v	vuurde aan – aangevuurd	to incite, to spur, to encourage; to cheer for
begrommelen	v	begrommelde – begrommeld	to complain about, to grumble about; to besmirch, to soil
buikvloed	n	de · mv. buikvloeden	(serious) diarrhoea
buikloop	n	de · mv. buiklopen	(medically serious) diarrhoea
sierplant	n	de · mv. sierplanten	ornamental plant
commandocentrale	n	de · mv. commandocentrales	command centre
beslabberen	v	beslabberde – beslabberd	to stain, to soil with food or while eating
zee-ijs	n	het	Official spelling of zeeijs
koelcel	n	de · mv. koelcellen	a refrigerated room, a cold room
bezeveren	v	bezeverde – bezeverd	to drool on, to drivel on
bezetteling	n	de · mv. bezettelingen	member of a garrison
christin	n	de · mv. christinnen	female Christian
schelmstuk	n	het · mv. schelmstukken	knavery, roguish act
dagverhaal	n	het · mv. dagverhalen	diary, journal or chronicle with entries per day
jonggehuwd	a		newlywed, recently married
sluitertijd	n	de · mv. sluitertijden	shutter speed, exposure time
tijdopname	n	de · mv. tijdopnames	time-lapse recording
stekelbrem	n	de · mv. stekelbremmen	needle furze, pettywhin (Genista anglica)
brem	n	de · mv. bremmen	broom, several plants of the subfamily Faboideae, particularly those…; common broom, Scotch broom (Cytisus scoparius)
luchtafweer	n	de	antiair defence
darmflora	n	de · mv. darmflora's	intestinal flora, gut flora
aanrechtbank	n	de · mv. aanrechtbanken	a low countertop, usually narrow and having cupboards underneath
spaarbank	n	de · mv. spaarbanken	savings bank
behuwdvader	n	de · mv. behuwdvaders	father-in-law
coloriet	n	het · mv. colorieten	palette, the effect of the ensemble of colours in a painting
medegenoot	n	de · mv. medegenoten	companion, fellow, bud
zinsbegoocheling	n	de · mv. zinsbegoochelingen	illusion (something misperceived by the senses)
daarginds	d		over there, yonder
bevrienden	v	bevriendde – bevriend	to befriend, to become friends with, to acquire friendship with
bevingeren	v	bevingerde – bevingerd	to digitise, to touch with the fingers
autobom	n	de · mv. autobommen	car bomb
omstreek	n	de · mv. omstreken	the area surrounding a locale, the surroundings
bewaarheiden	v	bewaarheidde – bewaarheid	to prove true, to realise, to cause to come to fruition
dukaat	n	de · mv. dukaten	ducat (gold coin) (used of various gold coins of varying value)
traktaat	n	het · mv. traktaten	treatise; treaty
inwisselen	v	wisselde in – ingewisseld	to exchange (something) (to turn something in, in exchange for something else)
zowaar	d		even, really, no less, indeed
Vulgaat	m		Vulgate (Latin translation of the Bible by Jerome)
cognaat	n	het · mv. cognaten	cognate (related word, derived from the same lexeme as another word)
cognaat	a		cognate
acrobaat	n	de · mv. acrobaten	acrobat
dictaat	n	het · mv. dictaten	diktat, order; dictated text; prepared text intended to be read aloud at a meeting or presentation (e.g.…
fosfaat	n	het · mv. fosfaten	phosphate
fosforzuur	n	het · mv. fosforzuren	phosphoric acid
agaat	n	de · mv. agaten	agate (quartz gemstone); agate (quartz substance)
bemuren	v	bemuurde – bemuurd	to fortify with a wall, to wall
aanwerven	v	wierf aan – aangeworven	to recruit, to hire
besproeien	v	besproeide – besproeid	to spray onto; to water
operagebouw	n	het · mv. operagebouwen	opera building, opera house
afgodendienst	n	de · mv. afgodendiensten	idolatry
belemen	v	beleemde – beleemd	to cover with loam, to loam
luteren	v	luteerde – geluteerd	to cover with loam, to loam
donderbeitel	n	de · mv. donderbeitels	a wedge-shaped or tip-shaped thunderstone
bescharen	v	beschaarde – beschaard	to provide (something); to steal, to secretly appropriate
samenrotten	v	rotte samen – samengerot	to assemble with malicious intent, e.g. to conspire or to gather for a riot
beschreien	v	beschreide – beschreid	to weep about, to becry
tussenstap	n	de · mv. tussenstappen	intermediate step
bespiegelen	v	bespiegelde – bespiegeld	to contemplate, to reflect on
bloedblaar	n	de · mv. bloedblaren	blood blister
weergeld	n	het	wergeld
dierenvriend	n	de · mv. dierenvrienden	animal lover (person who is fond of animals)
vredesbespreking	n	de · mv. vredesbesprekingen	peace negotiation
kransslagader	n	de · mv. kransslagaders	coronary artery
binnenmuur	n	de · mv. binnenmuren	interior wall
aantillen	v	tilde aan – aangetild	to lift and bring closer
aanschroeven	v	schroefde aan – aangeschroefd	to tighten with screws, to tighten (a screw); to screw more tightly
berennen	v	berende – berend	to surround and lay siege to; to cordon and besiege; to run on
buffelos	n	de · mv. buffelossen	buffalo ox, castrated male buffalo; buffalo bull
darmbreuk	n	de · mv. darmbreuken	abdominal hernia
degenkrab	n	de · mv. degenkrabben	horseshoe crab, arthropod of the family Limulidae
bevindelijk	a		of or pertaining to certain conservative orthodox (sections of) Reformed…
bevragen	v	bevroeg – bevraagd	to ask questions of, to direct questions at, to interrogate
bevattelijk	a		susceptible, prone; comprehensible, understandable
domproost	n	de · mv. domproosten	provost of a cathedral chapter
Vlie	m		the Vlie
heksensabbat	n	de · mv. heksensabbatten	witches' Sabbath
gaffelzeil	n	het · mv. gaffelzeilen	gaffsail (trapezoid topsail fixed to a gaff)
ruwaard	n	de · mv. ruwaards	a governor, regent, steward; a mat intertwined from willow branches, used to reinforce dikes
Griend	m		an uninhabited sand flat in the Wadden Sea, Netherlands; once a larger…; a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
rijshout	n	het	narrow branches and twigs, in particular of willows
rafelen	v	rafelde – gerafeld	to fray, unravel
adrenocorticaal	a		adrenocortical (relating to the adrenal cortex)
gastronomisch	a		gastronomic
mondelijk	d		orally, by means of spoken language
mondelijk	a		oral, pertaining to spoken language
lurf	n	de · mv. lurven	notched wood (for tensioning nets, in particular for catching finches); only used in bij de lurven pakken
lurven	n		only used in bij de lurven pakken
wasserette	n	de · mv. wasserettes	launderette, laundromat
onderkoeling	n	de · mv. onderkoelingen	hypothermia; supercooling
gastroduodenaal	a		gastroduodenal
gardist	n	de · mv. gardisten	guardsman; member of a guard
staatskerk	n	de · mv. staatskerken	state church
huiskerk	n	de · mv. huiskerken	house church (house or section of a house frequently used for church meetings)
kerkgenootschap	n	het · mv. kerkgenootschappen	religious denomination
zaalkerk	n	de · mv. zaalkerken	a rectangular, aisleless church
erfzonde	n	de · mv. erfzonden	original sin
kruiskerk	n	de · mv. kruiskerken	a church with a cross-shaped (either a Latin or Greek cross) plan, a…
dorpskerk	n	de · mv. dorpskerken	village church
kerkdorp	n	het · mv. kerkdorpen	a village that has a church (as opposed to having no church or merely a chapel)
koorddanseres	n	de · mv. koorddanseressen	female tightrope walker
koorddanser	n	de · mv. koorddansers	tightrope walker (male or of unspecified gender)
kerkasiel	n	het	right of sanctuary bestowed on a refugee by residing in a church (or rarely…
kerkklok	n	de · mv. kerkklokken	church bell; church clock
kerkhistoricus	n	de · mv. kerkhistorici	church historian
kinderkerk	n	de · mv. kinderkerken	Christian religious instruction for children, similar to Sunday school (but…
kerkorgel	n	het · mv. kerkorgels	church organ
kerkendom	n	het	Churchianity
Ridderkerk	m		a town and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
onkerkelijk	a		not affiliated to a church or any other religious denomination; unchurched
kerkelijkheid	n	de	the proportion of a population that maintains a confessional affiliation…
Takkiaan	n	de · mv. Takkianen	a (parliamentary) supporter of adult male suffrage
thuisgevoel	n	het · mv. thuisgevoelens	sense of being home
toekomstgericht	a		future-oriented
klaarzetten	v	zette klaar – klaargezet	to set up, put in place (by way of preparation), make ready for use
braadworst	n	de · mv. braadworsten	bratwurst
stoïcijn	n	de · mv. stoïcijnen	a stoic, an adherent of stoicism
libertijn	n	de · mv. libertijnen	a libertine, one who has loose morals
stoïcijns	a		stoic, unaffected by pain or emotion, unemotional; stoic, pertaining to stoicism
komijn	n	de/het	cumin (Cuminum cyminum); cumin seed, used as a spice
Algerijn	n	de · mv. Algerijnen	Algerian (person from Algeria or of Algerian heritage)
kristallijn	a		crystalline
kristallijn	n	het · mv. kristallijnen	crystal, something crystalline
libertijns	a		libertine, licentious
eenheidsworst	n	de · mv. eenheidsworsten	something uniform and bland; uniformity
boterhamworst	n	de · mv. boterhamworsten	Bologna sausage, baloney
plokworst	n	de · mv. plokworsten	a seasoned and smoked sausage made from pork and beef, similar to cervelat…
lutrijn	n	de · mv. lutrijnen	large standing lectern
koedoe	n	de · mv. koedoes	kudu, used of two species of antelopes of the genus Tragelaphus, Tragelaphus…
adempauze	n	de · mv. adempauzen	a breathing space, a breather
cultuurstelsel	m		a policy of allocating (nominally) 20% of agricultural land in the Dutch…
inrijden	v	reed in – ingereden	to drive or ride into; to run in (a vehicle or its engine); to drive or ride into the direction of (someone or something), potentially…
gruitbier	n	het · mv. gruitbieren	a beer that is brewed using gruit; a serving of this type of beer
gruitrecht	n	het · mv. gruitrechten	the right to sell gruit to breweries
gruitgeld	n	het · mv. gruitgelden	an excise tax levied on the sale of gruit; the money raised through this tax
anticonceptie	n	de	contraception
anticonceptiepil	n	de · mv. anticonceptiepillen	contraceptive pill
anticonceptioneel	a		contraceptive
katafrakt	n	de · mv. katafrakten	cataphract
diëtair	a		dietary
antiwijnsteenzuur	n	het	dextrotartaric acid
wijnsteenzuur	n	het	tartaric acid
goedkoopte	n	de	cheapness, inexpensiveness
goedkoopheid	n	de	cheapness, inexpensiveness
lachgas	n	het	laughing gas, nitrous oxide
scheepsblok	n	het · mv. scheepsblokken	a ship's block (one or multiple pulleys in a shell block)
slaappil	n	de · mv. slaappillen	sleeping pill
voorradig	a		in stock; available (normally available for purchase)
kopvoorn	n	de · mv. kopvoorns	European chub (Squalius cephalus)
brandschatten	v	brandschatte – gebrandschat	to extort in order to exact loot or tribute under threat of plunder, arson…
weerloosheid	n	de · mv. weerloosheden	defencelessness; nonviolence; the rejection of any violence even for self-defence, as…
pixelig	a		pixellated
serpentijn	n	de · mv. serpentijnen	serpentine, a small cannon used in the Late Middle Ages and Early Modern era
facebooken	v	facebookte – gefacebookt	to Facebook, to be active on Facebook
opbokken	v	bokte op – opgebokt	to get lost, to go away
belletjetrekker	n	de · mv. belletjetrekkers	one who engages in ding-dong ditch or knock knock ginger
Brittenburg	m		an unidentified ruined fortification near Katwijk mentioned in early modern…
zwaartouw	n	het · mv. zwaartouwen	left-winding cable, especially used for anchor cables and mooring lines
intramusculair	a		intramuscular
bijenhouder	n	de · mv. bijenhouders	beekeeper
brandschatting	v		the extortionate exaction of loot or tribute under threat of plunder, arson…
spoorfiets	n	de · mv. spoorfietsen	rail bicycle (pedal-powered vehicle travelling over railway tracks)
preekstoel	n	de · mv. preekstoelen	pulpit; pulpit, railing at the bow of a boat
biechtgeheim	n	het · mv. biechtgeheimen	the principle of the secrecy of confession; a secret shared in confession
schoolgenoot	n	de · mv. schoolgenoten	schoolmate (somebody who attended the same school)
schoolgenote	n	de · mv. schoolgenotes	female schoolmate (girl or woman who attended the same school)
steranijs	n	de	star anise (Illicium verum, plant and spice)
afromen	v	roomde af – afgeroomd	to remove cream; to scrape off; remove (something) from a surface
krentenbol	n	de · mv. krentenbollen	currant bun
kerktuin	n	de · mv. kerktuinen	churchyard
dichtgaan	v	ging dicht – dichtgegaan	to close, to shut
Oversticht	m		the territory of Sticht that lay to the northeast of the IJssel, largely…
lijkopening	n	de · mv. lijkopeningen	dissection, autopsy
hoofdeling	n	de · mv. hoofdelingen	chieftain, (historical) in particular a Frisian chieftain before Burgundian…
dichtkunstig	a		poetic
schotschrift	n	het · mv. schotschriften	a hateful or libelous polemical pamphlet
klatergoud	n	het	an alloy consisting of copper and a low proportion of zinc, whose colour…; something worthless
Nedersticht	m		the territory of Sticht that lay to the southwest of Gelre, largely…
christocentrisch	a		Christocentric
christocentrisme	n	het	Christocentrism
boksbaard	n	de · mv. boksbaarden	goatsbeard, common sasify (Tragopogon porrifolius) or meadow goatsbeard…
bokkenbaard	n	de · mv. bokkenbaarden	goatee (type of beard limited to the chin)
geitenbok	n	de · mv. geitenbokken	male goat, buck
bolderwagen	n	de · mv. bolderwagens	a toy handcart pulled by means of a T-frame
dankbaarlijk	d		gratefully, with thankfulness
hooikist	n	de · mv. hooikisten	haybox, insulation cooker (insulated chest used as cooking device)
bundelpijler	n	de · mv. bundelpijlers	bundle pillar, clustered column (column with several narrower half columns…
schroefgang	n	de · mv. schroefgangen	helical outdent bounding a cylinder
kankerhoer	n	de · mv. kankerhoeren	fucking whore, fucking slut (insult for a woman)
schroeflijn	n	de · mv. schroeflijnen	helix
fietsveer	n	het · mv. fietsveren	bicycle ferry, ferry that transports cyclists (and usually also pedestrians)
voetveer	n	het · mv. voetveren	pedestrian ferry, ferry that serves pedestrians
veerdienst	n	de · mv. veerdiensten	ferry service
trapveer	n	de · mv. trapveren	Slinky (loose spring that can go down steps)
dinosaurusveer	n	de · mv. dinosaurusveren	a feather of a (non-avian) dinosaur
scheepsschroef	n	de · mv. scheepsschroeven	a ship's propeller
dading	n	de · mv. dadingen	out-of-court settlement agreement
stoomtram	n	de · mv. stoomtrams	steam tram, a tram unit pulled by a steam tram locomotive
onderzoekstafel	n	de · mv. onderzoekstafels	examination table
opstal	n	de · mv. opstallen	edifice (building, monument or constructed fencing)
gaarkeuken	n	de · mv. gaarkeukens	food kitchen, soup kitchen (venue where (warm) food is offered or sold to…
veerconstante	n	de · mv. veerconstanten	spring constant
schroefhoorngeit	n	de · mv. schroefhoorngeiten	markhor, screw-horn goat (Capra falconeri)
kreeftslak	n	de · mv. kreeftslakken	hermit crab
rariteitenkabinet	n	het · mv. rariteitenkabinetten	cabinet of curiosities
filtervoeder	n	de · mv. filtervoeders	filter feeder (organism that feeds itself by filtering food particles from…
spinhuis	n	het · mv. spinhuizen	a place of confinement where inmates, usually women, were forced to spin threads; a room or building used for spinning threads, not belonging to a penal or…
Vledderveen	m		a village in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Vledder	m		a village and former municipality of Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands; a surname
schildzoom	n	de · mv. schildzomen	bordure
stopwoord	n	het · mv. stopwoorden	filled pause; safeword
reuzenhaai	n	de · mv. reuzenhaaien	basking shark, Cetorhinus maximus
aanwortelen	v	wortelde aan – aangeworteld	to take root, to develop roots and thereby become anchored in the soil
misverstaan	v	verstond mis – misverstaan	to misunderstand (language, words; hear incorrectly); to misunderstand, misapprehend (an idea)
ontginning	n	de · mv. ontginningen	development into agricultural land; a tract of land being developed; excavation of mines
misvatten	v	vatte mis – misgevat	to misunderstand, misapprehend
schuimtaal	n	de · mv. schuimtalen	a bastardised language containing many foreign elements
mishouden	v	hield mis – misgehouden	to abuse; to misbehave; to avoid
Rha	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
uitsterfbeleid	n	het	phase-out policy; a policy of not allowing any new users of a facility or…
zendbrief	n	de · mv. zendbrieven	open letter, pamphlet written in the style of a letter; epistle (ancient (apparent) letter, belonging to a New Testament canon or to…; missive, official letter
steekspel	n	het · mv. steekspelen	joust (chivalric contest where two contestants tried to knock their opponent…; tiltting at the ring (equestrian contest where a contestant tried to pierce…
uitzwaaien	v	zwaaide uit – uitgezwaaid	to wave goodbye during departure (usually by those who are seeing the…; to swing outward
machtsstrijd	n	de · mv. machtsstrijden	power struggle, battle or contest for power
afschot	n	het	the game that has been shot or that is allowed to be shot; a slope
schoftentuig	n	het	rabble, scumbags, thugs
kerststol	n	de · mv. kerststollen	stollen sold and eaten around Christmas time
paasstol	n	de · mv. paasstollen	stollen sold and eaten around Easter
wietsigaret	n	de · mv. wietsigaretten	marijuana cigarette, stick, joint
springtij	n	het · mv. springtijen	spring tide
doodtij	n	het · mv. doodtijen	neap tide
ragebol	n	de · mv. ragebollen	a brush whose bristly hairs form a curved surface, mounted on a broomstick,…
huwelijksboot	n	de · mv. huwelijksboten	marriage (compared to a boat)
zilvergeld	n	het	silver coins
bladzilver	n	het	silver leaf
zilvererts	n	het · mv. zilverertsen	silver ore
drekpoëet	n	de · mv. drekpoëten	hack poet, versifier, shitty poet
zilvervloot	n	de · mv. zilvervloten	silver fleet (fleet transporting silver)
schuimrubber	n	het · mv. schuimrubbers	foam rubber
binnenwater	n	het · mv. binnenwateren	inland water, an interior waterway or body of water (as opposed to the sea…; the water within a polder
blauwschuit	n	de	scurvy; varices
scheurbuik	n	de/het	scurvy
snaaks	a		mischievously funny, pranksterish
magnetodynamisch	a		magnetodynamic
elektromagneet	n	de · mv. elektromagneten	electromagnet
maraboe	n	de · mv. maraboes	adjutant, marabou (stork of genus Leptoptilos); marabout (Muslim holy man)
kerstgroep	n	de · mv. kerstgroepen	a set of figurines for a Nativity scene; (by extension) a Nativity scene
kerstkind	n	het · mv. kerstkinderen	baby Jezus; a child born on Christmas (Eve or Day)
kerstmis	n	de · mv. kerstmissen	Christmas mass
kerstgans	n	de · mv. kerstganzen	Christmas goose (a goose eaten at Christmas) (now no longer customary in the…
kerstmarkt	n	de · mv. kerstmarkten	Christmas market, Christkindl
Kersteiland	m		Christmas Island (an island and external territory of Australia, located on…
kerststal	n	de · mv. kerststallen	stable of a Nativity display; (by extension) a Nativity scene
kerstspel	n	het · mv. kerstspelen	Nativity play (drama depicting the Nativity story)
kerstbok	n	de · mv. kerstbokken	Yule buck, Yule goat (straw Christmas decoration common in Scandinavian…
kerstpakket	n	het · mv. kerstpakketten	a gift box containing various presents, often luxury foods and gadgets,…
kerstkrans	n	de · mv. kerstkransen	a Christmas wreath (ring-shaped ornament fashioned from plant materials,…; a sweet/piece of candy in the shape of a Christmas wreath; often a biscuit,…
weekeind	n	het · mv. weekeinden	weekend, Saturday and Sunday
aanbeveler	n	de · mv. aanbevelers	a recommender, one who recommend; something that is recommended
wespennest	n	het · mv. wespennesten	a wasps' nest; a difficult situation, a hornets' nest
pendelbus	n	de · mv. pendelbussen	shuttle bus
ochtendhumeur	n	het · mv. ochtendhumeuren	a bad mood in the morning
pantserjuffer	n	de · mv. pantserjuffers	a spreadwing, a damselfly of the family Lestidae, especially of the genus Lestes
winterjuffer	n	de · mv. winterjuffers	a winter damselfly, a damselfly of the genus Sympecma
breedscheenjuffer	n	de · mv. breedscheenjuffers	a white-legged damselfly, a damselfly of the family Platycnemididae
beekjuffer	n	de · mv. beekjuffers	a demoiselle, jewelwing, a damselfly of the family Calopterygidae
ijzerhoudend	a		ferrous
turbidiet	n	de · mv. turbidieten	turbidite
faunistiek	n	de	faunistics, zoology (especially of a particular era or region)
hormoonhuishouding	n	de	hormonal system, system of developing or maintaining hormone levels
simpelweg	d		simply
krabbenscheer	n	de · mv. krabbenscheren	water soldier (Stratiotes aloides)
Ravenswoud	m		a village in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
spoelbak	n	de · mv. spoelbakken	sink; case for a spool in a loom
Specerij-eilanden	m		the Moluccas
misantroop	n	de · mv. misantropen	misanthrope
misantroop	a		misanthropic
biddag	n	de · mv. biddagen	day of prayer
bededag	n	de · mv. bededagen	day of prayer
tweebak	n	de/het · mv. tweebakken	zwieback, rusk
zakenvrouw	n	de · mv. zakenvrouwen	a businesswoman, a woman in business
barrevoetster	n	de · mv. barrevoetsters	a barefoot woman
barrevoeter	n	de · mv. barrevoeters	a barefoot man; a barefoot monk
barrevoeter	a		barefoot
hoofdman	n	de · mv. hoofdmannen	chief, leader, ringleader
rolberoerte	n	de · mv. rolberoertes	a rolling fit; a seizure causing one to roll over the ground (commonly used…
ijskoningin	n	de · mv. ijskoninginnen	ice queen (fairytale character); ice queen (sportswoman excelling at winter sports)
fietsstrook	n	de · mv. fietsstroken	bike lane (road lane for cyclists, not separated from the other lane(s) of a…
pechstrook	n	de · mv. pechstroken	hard shoulder (part of a road where drivers may move to in an emergency)
durfkapitaal	n	het	venture capital, risk capital
klaroen	n	de/het · mv. klaroenen	clarion (trumpet-like instrument); Chinese spinach, red spinach (Amaranthus dubius)
Sneijder	m		a surname
hazenpad	n	het · mv. hazenpaden	a hare's trail
staathuishoudkunde	n	de	political economy
toiletborstel	n	de · mv. toiletborstels	toilet brush
colluderen	v	colludeerde – gecolludeerd	to collude, to conspire, to cooperate clandestinely
veetrek	n	de	livestock migration, especially seasonal migration
vermiljoen	n	het	vermilion (orange-red colour; pigment or dye of this colour)
vermiljoen	a		vermilion
loonschaal	n	de · mv. loonschalen	pay grade
loonslaaf	n	de · mv. loonslaven	wage slave (someone who works for wages without professional autonomy)
zenuwoorlog	n	de · mv. zenuwoorlogen	war of nerves
wrensen	v	wrenste – gewrenst	to neigh
Sahidisch	m		Sahidic (Theban dialect of Coptic)
Sahidisch	a		Sahidic
straatkunstenaar	n	de · mv. straatkunstenaars	street artist
vruchtvlees	n	het	the flesh or pulp of a fruit
zwaluwstaart	n	de · mv. zwaluwstaarten	a dovetail (type of joint in woodworking); a swallow's forked tail, swallowtail
koninginnenpage	n	de · mv. koninginnenpages	swallowtail (Papilio machaon)
doekboom	n	de · mv. doekbomen	a waft beam, the beam on a loom to which the warp threads are fixed, on the…
ridderkapel	n	de · mv. ridderkapellen	one of certain butterflies of the family Papilionidae; synonym of koninginnenpage (“swallowtail”) (Papilio machaon); a knightly chapel
vlaggendoek	n	de/het · mv. vlaggendoeken	the type of cloth from which flags are made
handwas	n	de	washing by hand, usually referring to laundry, dishwashing or food
theegerei	n	het	teaware
theegoed	n	het	teaware
theeservies	n	het · mv. theeserviezen	tea service (set of cups and dishes)
utraquist	n	de · mv. utraquisten	a Utraquist, a moderate Hussite
calixtijn	n	de · mv. calixtijnen	a Calixtine, a Utraquist, a moderate Hussite
schrikkeldag	n	de · mv. schrikkeldagen	leap day (29 February)
doeltrap	n	de · mv. doeltrappen	goal kick
dolkstootlegende	m		the stab-in-the-back myth
dolkstootlegende	n	de · mv. dolkstootlegenden	any similar political myth about internal betrayal
dronkenmansmoed	n	de	Official spelling of dronkemansmoed
durfkapitalisme	n	het	venture capitalism
durfkapitalist	n	de · mv. durfkapitalisten	venture capitalist
veelpleger	n	de · mv. veelplegers	habitual offender (someone with many offences on his or her rap sheet)
taboriet	n	de · mv. taborieten	Taborite (radical Hussite)
isochinoline	n		isoquinoline
behartenswaardig	a		worth (i.e., deserving of) taking to heart
sterrenkind	n	het · mv. sterrenkinderen	stillborn child
sterretjestuin	n	de · mv. sterretjestuinen	cemetery where stillborn children are buried
mystagoog	n	de · mv. mystagogen	mystagogue
ongeduld	n	het	impatience
kannibalisme	n	het	cannibalism (act of eating another of one's own species)
monogaam	a		monogamous
ecotoerist	n	de · mv. ecotoeristen	ecotourist
egalitarisme	n	het	egalitarianism
esdoornen	a		maple, made or consisting of maple wood
elpenbenen	a		ivory
bestandsformaat	n	het · mv. bestandsformaten	file format
frietketel	n	de · mv. frietketels	deep fryer
hamsterhaas	n	de · mv. hamsterhazen	pika, lagomorph of the family Ochotonidae or specifically of the genus Ochotona
geesteskrankheid	n	de · mv. geesteskrankheden	mental illness
geheugenstick	n	de · mv. geheugensticks	memory stick
deactiveren	v	deactiveerde – gedeactiveerd	to deactivate
flankeren	v	flankerde – geflankerd	to flank (be at the side(s) of something)
lotusvoet	n	de · mv. lotusvoeten	lotus foot (foot disfigured by foot binding)
opstoot	n	de · mv. opstoten	uproar, riot, brawl (unruly gathering of people with altercations); uppercut
slaoliestijl	n	de	art nouveau
slaolie	n	de	salad oil
graftombe	n	de · mv. graftomben	tomb, crypt; sometimes used for any large funerary monument
gifmengerij	n	de · mv. gifmengerijen	the crime or act of mixing poison into foods or drinks
geslachtsklier	n	de · mv. geslachtsklieren	gonad
vuurvlinder	n	de · mv. vuurvlinders	copper (term used to refer to certain butterflies of the genus Lycaena)
ijsthee	n	de · mv. ijstheeën	iced tea, ice tea
vertaalwetenschap	n	de	translation studies
vertaalkunde	n	de	translation studies
hertzwijn	n	het · mv. hertzwijnen	babirusa, pig of the genus Babyrousa
babiroesa	n	de · mv. babiroesa's	babirusa, pig of the genus Babyrousa
veenreukgras	n	het	bison grass, holy grass, sweetgrass, Hierochloe odorata (syn. Anthoxanthum…
reukgras	n	het	any of the grasses of the genus Anthoxanthum; sweet vernal grass (Anthoxanthum odoratum)
puntzak	n	de · mv. puntzakken	a pointed, conical bag, usually made of paper
kalifaal	a		caliphal
smeerkaas	n	de · mv. smeerkazen	cheese spread
kinband	n	de · mv. kinbanden	chinstrap
knaller	n	de · mv. knallers	something excellent, belter, ripper; something that produes explosions or booms
kraamkoorts	n	de	puerperal fever, postpartum endometritis
kielhaling	n	de · mv. kielhalingen	the act of keelhauling
klapspaan	n	de · mv. klapspanen	snitch, telltale
keelband	n	de · mv. keelbanden	chinstrap, collar, throat strap
klimaatbos	n	het · mv. klimaatbossen	forest planted for the sequestration of carbon dioxide, in order to prevent…
kwakkelen	v	kwakkelde – gekwakkeld	to be in a poor condition, to be in poor health, to be in a bad state; to be mild, to be temperate
langeafstandsrenner	n	de · mv. langeafstandsrenners	long-distance runner
langtong	n	de · mv. langtongen	chatterbox, excessively talkative person
lankmoedigheid	n	de	the ability or quality to forgive or endure much, particularly used with…
mandeïsme	n	het	Mandaeism
mandeïsch	a		Mandaean (pertaining to Mandaeism or the Mandaeans)
zeggenschap	n	de	seat at the table, say (partial control, partial decision-making power)
verblijfsvergunning	n	de · mv. verblijfsvergunningen	residence permit; authorization to reside in a country
plastiek	n	het	plastic (synthetic polymer)
klever	n	de · mv. klevers	someone or something that sticks, adheres; tailgater (person who drives dangerously close)
laadpaalklever	n	de · mv. laadpaalklevers	person who leaves their vehicle on a public electric charging point for an…
laadpaal	n	de · mv. laadpalen	charging point for electric vehicles, in the shape of a pole
bumperkleven	v	bumperkleefde – gebumperkleefd	to tailgate (drive dangerously close)
bumpersticker	n	de · mv. bumperstickers	bumper sticker
windstilte	n	de	calm, windlessness
windstil	a		calm, windless
stilvallen	v	viel stil – stilgevallen	to fall silent; to come to a standstill, to stop moving
lastigvallen	v	viel lastig – lastiggevallen	to bother, to disturb; to harass
volleyballen	v	volleybalde – gevolleybald	to play volleyball
nasmaken	v	smaakte na – nagesmaakt	to leave an aftertaste, to have an aftertaste
oersterk	a		extremely strong, very strong
orakelen	v		to pontificate, to speak at length from a position of authority
operahuis	n	het · mv. operahuizen	opera building, opera house
opblaasgitaar	n	de · mv. opblaasgitaren	inflatable guitar
overdraagbaarheid	n	de	the capability of being transmitted
verdraagbaar	a		tolerable, bearable
kwarrelig	a		undersized while having a grown together or shrivelled appearance (often of…
loofrijk	a		leafy, having leaves in abundance
luchtader	n	de · mv. luchtaders	trachea, windpipe
luchtledig	a		vacuum, vacuous (containing or pertaining to a vacuum)
luchtledig	n	het	empty space; nothingness (quality of inconsequentiality; the lack of significance)
luchtzee	n	de · mv. luchtzeeën	atmosphere; sky, air
luchtsteen	n	de · mv. luchtstenen	meteorite, aerolite
holografie	n	de	holography
Palts	m		the Palatinate, a region in Germany
panslavistisch	a		Panslavist, pertaining to Panslavism
biodanza	n	de	Biodanza (New Age dancing style)
allesbehalve	d		not at all, anything but
plasma-tv	n	de · mv. plasma-tv's	plasma TV
perifrase	n	de · mv. perifrasen	periphrasis, circumlocution
lucubratie	n	de · mv. lucubraties	lucubration, nighttime study, study by artificial light
politoer	n	de/het · mv. politoeren	French polish (polishing agent containing shellack)
parelduiker	n	de · mv. parelduikers	a pearl diver, pearl fisher; black-throated diver (Gavia arctica)
kopkaas	n	de · mv. kopkazen	head cheese, brawn; penile smegma accumulated between the glans and the foreskin; cock cheese
verwinden	v	verwond – verwonden	to wind up; to wind in a different way, to rewind; to use up or waste by winding
regendans	n	de · mv. regendansen	rain dance
rouwmoedig	a		grieving, mourning
roetveeg	n	de · mv. roetvegen	daub of soot, e.g. caused by wiping with a sooty object
megafoon	n	de · mv. megafoons	megaphone
kantine	n	de · mv. kantines	mess hall
rariteit	n	de · mv. rariteiten	curiosity, curiosum, something exotic or unusual; rarity, something rare
rookwerk	n	het · mv. rookwerken	an incense product, an aromatic product that spreads a fragrant smell when…
samenscholing	n	de · mv. samenscholingen	an assembly, a group of people gathered, usually in public; the act or process of assembling, of gathering together, usually in public
lichtstraal	n	de · mv. lichtstralen	ray of light, beam of light
medespeler	n	de · mv. medespelers	partner in a sports team
medespeelster	n	de · mv. medespeelsters	female partner in a sports team
werkneemster	n	de · mv. werkneemsters	a female employee
samenscholen	v	schoolde samen – samengeschoold	to gather, to assemble, to join up, usually in public
werkgeefster	n	de · mv. werkgeefsters	a female employer
schaapshond	n	de · mv. schaapshonden	sheepdog
smeltkunde	n	de	metallurgy (sometimes called “alchemy” or “chemistry” in references)
bastaardtaal	n	de · mv. bastaardtalen	a bastardised language, containing many foreign elements; a bastard language
tandeloos	a		toothless
bandeloos	a		unrestrained, boundless; immoral, without moral restraints, indulgent
bandenloos	a		without tires; without relationships
vlaktaks	n	de · mv. vlaktaksen	flat tax (proportional tax, with a single constant rate for all payers)
uitzitten	v	zat uit – uitgezeten	to remain for the duration of; to sit for the duration of, to remain seated…; to serve time (of a prison sentence) until completion
theeleuten	v	theeleutte – getheeleut	to drink tea
sneeuwbom	n	de · mv. sneeuwbommen	a period or instance of heavy snowfall; (large) snowball
wonderdoener	n	de · mv. wonderdoeners	miracle maker, thaumaturge
mortierbom	n	de · mv. mortierbommen	fireworks shell; mortar shell
voortuin	n	de · mv. voortuinen	front yard
tuinhuis	n	het · mv. tuinhuizen	a small building in a garden often used for both recreation and storage; a…
putlucht	n	de · mv. putluchten	a foul smell, a smell of or resembling that in a sewer
vaasje	n	het · mv. vaasjes	a downwards tapering beer glass, typically with a volume of about 0.25 to…
seksspeeltje	n	het · mv. seksspeeltjes	sex toy
hondenslee	n	de · mv. hondensleeën	dog sled, dog sleigh
meanderen	v	meanderde – gemeanderd	to meander
musiceren	v	musiceerde – gemusiceerd	to make music (produce musical sounds using a musical instrument)
kaketoe	n	de · mv. kaketoes	cockatoo, parrot of the family Cacatuidae
luchtweerstand	n	de · mv. luchtweerstanden	air resistance
tegenspoedig	a		adverse, pertaining to or characterised by misfortune and adversity
Waterland	m		a region in North Holland, encompassing the municipalities Waterland,…; a municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
waterpomp	n	de · mv. waterpompen	water pump
wildebeestenspel	n	het · mv. wildebeestenspelen	an amphitheatrical spectacle involving fights with savage animals; a circus or funfair attraction with wild animals
Punda	m		Punda (a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao)
verbeteraar	n	de · mv. verbeteraars	improver, one who improves something
weerloosheidsbeginsel	n	het	principle of nonviolence, as practiced by the historic peace churches,…
kankerstaaf	n	de · mv. kankerstaven	cigarette, cancer stick
Epifanie	m		Epiphany
Zevenslaper	n	de · mv. Zevenslapers	one of the Seven Sleepers of Ephesus
slaper	n	de · mv. slapers	a sleeper, one who sleeps; a dyke that doesn't function as a water barrier but is capable of acting as…
slapertje	n	het · mv. slapertjes	sleepy sand (dried rheum in the inner corner of the eyes)
zoutwatermeer	n	het · mv. zoutwatermeren	saltwater lake
giervalk	n	de · mv. giervalken	gyrfalcon (Falco rusticolus)
lapjeskat	n	de · mv. lapjeskatten	a calico cat; a (usually female) cat with a multi-coloured fur (often white,…
zelfonderwijs	n	het	self education, self teaching
zemelen	v	zemelde – gezemeld	to whine, to blather, to moan, to complain
zoutzieder	n	de · mv. zoutzieders	one who refines salt by boiling
ontvrienden	v	ontvriendde – ontvriend	to unfriend (to remove as a friend, e.g. from a friend list, on social media)
forelschimmel	n	de · mv. forelschimmels	fleabitten grey, fleabitten horse (grey with a coat containing dense,…
foreest	n	het · mv. foreesten	forest; a forested crown domain
karbouw	n	de · mv. karbouwen	water buffalo (Bubalus bubalis)
dextrogyr	a		dextrogyrate
waterbuffel	n	de · mv. waterbuffels	water buffalo (Bubalus bubalis)
spoorslags	d		rapidly, hurriedly, quickly
wildplasser	n	de · mv. wildplassers	someone who illegally urinates outdoors
sluikreclame	n	de · mv. sluikreclames	surreptitious advertising (e.g. product placement); surreptitious advertisement
oogpotlood	n	het · mv. oogpotloden	eyeliner pencil
werkmier	n	de · mv. werkmieren	worker ant, ergate
wenkbrauwpotlood	n	het · mv. wenkbrauwpotloden	eyebrow pencil
vitriool	n	het	vitriol (substance containing metallic sulfates)
verglimmen	v	verglom – verglommen	to quench, to extinguish; to stop glowing
snoeisel	n	het · mv. snoeisels	pieces of plant material that are removed during pruning; the same of a specific variety of plant
scheersel	n	het · mv. scheersels	hair that is removed during shaving or shearing; (rare) the same, but of a specific variety of hair or fleece
knipsel	n	het · mv. knipsels	a cut-out piece of paper or other material; a cutting, a clipping
onruststoker	n	de · mv. onruststokers	agitator, troublemaker
hemeling	n	de · mv. hemelingen	a celestial being
wichelarij	n	de · mv. wichelarijen	divination
twijfelaar	n	de · mv. twijfelaars	a doubter, hesitater; one who doubts or hesitates; a bed of a size that is in between those of a regular single size bed and a…
hemelkaart	n	de · mv. hemelkaarten	star map
weesgeneesmiddel	n	het · mv. weesgeneesmiddelen	orphan drug (medical drug or treatment for a rare condition)
moederkoek	n	de · mv. moederkoeken	placenta
Bandabou	m		Bandabou (a district on the western side of the island of Curaçao, Netherlands)
nageboorte	n	de · mv. nageboorten	afterbirth, placenta
prioriteren	v	prioriteerde – geprioriteerd	to prioritise
prioriseren	v	prioriseerde – geprioriseerd	to prioritise
prioritiseren	v	prioritiseerde – geprioritiseerd	to prioritise
krols	a		on heat
spookdier	n	het · mv. spookdieren	tarsier, primate of the family Tarsiidae; ghost animal (undead, spectral animal)
opblaaskrokodil	n	de · mv. opblaaskrokodillen	inflatable crocodile (pool or beach toy)
Kodakmoment	n	het · mv. Kodakmomenten	Kodak moment (photogenic or sentimental moment)
bederfzwam	n	de · mv. bederfzwammen	an organism belonging to an obsolete taxon that included bacteria, fungi and…
zwakteparasiet	n	de · mv. zwakteparasieten	a parasite that seeks out weakened organisms as a host
karperluis	n	de · mv. karperluizen	common fish louse (Argulus foliaceus)
visluis	n	de · mv. visluizen	argulid, fish louse; crustacean of the family Argulidae
vissluis	n	de · mv. vissluizen	a sluice allowing fish to bypass an obstacle
vuurroer	n	het · mv. vuurroers	light musket, matchlock gun
roerdrager	n	de · mv. roerdragers	a soldier armed with a short, light musket
potentaat	n	de · mv. potentaten	potentate, person in power
potentie	n	de	potency, strength; potential, unrealised ability; capability of procreation
vuurmond	n	de · mv. vuurmonden	the muzzle and chamber of a gun, especially of a piece of artillery; a cannon, artillery piece
Freek	m		a male given name; diminutive of Frederik
satéstok	n	de · mv. satéstokken	a bamboo or wooden skewer for satay
verfilming	n	de · mv. verfilmingen	a film that has been based on or adapted from another medium; the process of adapting another medium into a movie; the process of storing a medium on microform
dwarsliggen	v	lag dwars – dwarsgelegen	to hamper, to obstruct, to oppose implacably
groepsapp	n	de · mv. groepsapps	a group chat on a text messaging app
kattenvoer	n	het	cat food
kloosterkaas	n	de · mv. kloosterkazen	cheese made in a monastery
vrijpion	n	de · mv. vrijpionnen	passed pawn (pawn without enemies on its file)
raadsheer	n	de · mv. raadsheren	a male councillor; a justice (high-ranking judge) of either gender; a bishop
roerbakken	v	roerbakte – geroerbakt	to stir-fry
donderstorm	n	de · mv. donderstormen	thunderstorm (usually in contexts with influence from English or Afrikaans)
toverdokter	n	de · mv. toverdokters	witch doctor, magic healer
Oerbantoe	m		Proto-Bantu
Bantoe	m		Bantu, the Bantu languages
Bantoe	a		Bantu
Bantoe	n	de · mv. Bantoe	a Bantu person
hoortoestel	n	het · mv. hoortoestellen	hearing aid
ringleiding	n	de · mv. ringleidingen	hearing loop, audio induction loop
roltong	n	de · mv. roltongen	a coiled, rollable tongue, esp. the proboscis of butterflies or the tongue…
klauwkikker	n	de · mv. klauwkikkers	clawed frog, frog of the genus Xenopus
spadassijn	n	de · mv. spadassijns	spadassin
zilvervliesrijst	n	de	brown rice
assassijn	n	de · mv. assassijnen	assassin (member of a Shi'a sect operating from the 11th until the 13th century)
meergodendom	n	het	polytheism
tjonge	i		An exclamation of (mild) surprise, wonder or amazement
jeempie	i		A mild exclamation of (perhaps unpleasant) surprise, wonder or amazement
tjeempie	i		A mild exclamation of (perhaps unpleasant) surprise, wonder or amazement
onmeunig	d		incredibly
BNN'er	n	de · mv. BNN'ers	someone who works for Dutch broadcaster BNN
borststrijken	n	het	breast ironing
pointillisme	n	het	pointillism
klassieker	n	de · mv. klassiekers	a classic (person or thing); a sports classic, a traditional match; a match between the football clubs Ajax and Feyenoord
moegewrocht	a		tired or weary due to having worked hard
bekvechten	v	bekvechtte – gebekvecht	to bicker, to argue verbally
Sardijn	n	de · mv. Sardijnen	Sardinian (native or inhabitant of Sardinia, Italy) (usually male)
spekkoper	n	de · mv. spekkopers	a lucky or successful person, someone who has it made
vermogensbeheer	n	het	asset management
malversatie	n	de · mv. malversatiën	malversation (corrupt activity, abuse of position)
abuis	n	het · mv. abuizen	an error, a mistake
abuis	a		mistaken, wrong
veelgodendom	n	het	polytheism
zeebonk	n	de · mv. zeebonken	old salt, seadog (sailor accustomed to the sea)
borstgesteente	n	het · mv. borstgesteenten	a jewel or gem worn on the chest, (collective) jewelry or gems worn on the chest
cultfilm	n	de · mv. cultfilms	cult film
randzee	n	de · mv. randzeeën	marginal sea
transfoob	a		transphobic
zakenkabinet	n	het · mv. zakenkabinetten	a technocratic cabinet made-up of non-politicians without party links
cultuurbarbaar	n	de · mv. cultuurbarbaren	Philistine, barbarian (person bereft of culture)
cultuurvolger	n	de · mv. cultuurvolgers	an animal that regularly makes anthropogenic environments into its habitat
boottocht	n	de · mv. boottochten	boat trip
steenslag	n	de	crushed stone
lijftocht	n	de · mv. lijftochten	life estate, especially as a dower; food and drink, victuals
dorpsgenoot	n	de · mv. dorpsgenoten	someone from the same village, fellow villager
tweepersoonsbed	n	het · mv. tweepersoonsbedden	double size bed, double bed
geloofsgenoot	n	de · mv. geloofsgenoten	co-religionist, someone of the same religion
geloofsgenote	n	de · mv. geloofsgenotes	female co-religionist, a woman of the same religion
tegenpartij	n	de · mv. tegenpartijen	opposing team, opposing party (group of competitive, military, political or…
tegenpartijder	n	de · mv. tegenpartijders	opponent, one who opposes (chiefly in political, moral, military or legal…
indianenverhaal	n	het · mv. indianenverhalen	a wild, untrue story, an urban myth; a story about Amerind people
luchtopname	n	de · mv. luchtopnames	aerial record (video or photography), aerial photography or aerial film
armsnoer	n	het · mv. armsnoeren	bracelet
auteursrecht	n	het · mv. auteursrechten	copyright
azijnwater	n	het	a dilute vinegar solution; a dilute solution of acetic acid in water
boomklok	n	de · mv. boomklokken	a bell tolled during the opening (in the morning) or closing (in the…
boomkikvors	n	de · mv. boomkikvorsen	tree frog, frog of the family Hylidae
boomgrens	n	de · mv. boomgrenzen	tree line, timber line (boundary up to which trees grow, usually pertaining…
boomkweker	n	de · mv. boomkwekers	tree farmer, one who grows and cultivates trees, usually professionally
boomkever	n	de · mv. boomkevers	European cockchafer, May bug (Melolontha melolontha); one of various beetles inhabiting trees
meiboom	n	de · mv. meibomen	maypole (garlanded May Day pole)
boomvaren	n	de · mv. boomvarens	tree fern, treelike fern from the family Cyatheales
apenboom	n	de · mv. apenbomen	monkey puzzle tree (Araucaria araucana); baobab, tree of the genus Adansonia
boomvors	n	de · mv. boomvorsen	tree frog, frog of the family Hylidae
voeteren	v	voeteerde – gevoeteerd	to go on foot, to walk
botervrouw	n	de · mv. botervrouwen	a butter saleswoman, a butter-woman
badhuis	n	het · mv. badhuizen	bathhouse
achtervloed	n	de	the final portion or period of a flood
andoorn	n	de · mv. andoorns	a woundwort, betony, plant of the genus Stachys
bombazijn	n	het · mv. bombazijnen	bombazine (durable twilled or corded fabric, made of cotton, silk, wool or…
boomgaardenier	n	de · mv. boomgaardeniers	orchard farmer
buurtkind	n	het · mv. buurtkinderen	neighbourhood kid, local kid
basisbeurs	n	de · mv. basisbeurzen	a basic allowance that was granted to all university students regardless of…
leenstelsel	n	het · mv. leenstelsels	a contentious system of government scholarships and student loans introduced…
verpretparkiseren	v	verpretparkiseerde – verpretparkiseerd	to turn into an amusement park
melkboerenhondenhaar	n	het	damaged and light, often yellowish, outgrowths of hair
melkboerenhond	n	de · mv. melkboerenhonden	a milkman's or milkwoman's dog
biljarten	v	biljartte – gebiljart	to play billiards
biljartbal	n	de · mv. biljartballen	billiard ball
completeren	v	completeerde – gecompleteerd	to complete, to make complete, to finish; to fill or add to its usual or required amount, to make complete
zeereptiel	n	het · mv. zeereptielen	marine reptile
hondenleven	n	het · mv. hondenlevens	a dog's life, a miserable life
bushbush	n	de	wilderness
praatje	n	het · mv. praatjes	small talk, chitchat; precocious, haughty and/or pedantic talk; big talk
bedelstaf	n	de · mv. bedelstaven	destitution, deep poverty
vroedmeesterpad	n	de · mv. vroedmeesterpadden	midwife toad, toad of the genus Alytes; common midwife toad (Alytes obstetricans)
schijftongkikker	n	de · mv. schijftongkikkers	painted frog, frog of the genus Discoglossus or Latonia; Mediterranean painted frog, Discoglossus pictus
afpalen	v	paalde af – afgepaald	to enclose; to mark with posts
brandnetelsoep	n	de · mv. brandnetelsoepen	nettle soup (soup made from stinging nettles)
dovenetel	n	de · mv. dovenetels	a deadnettle, any nettle-like plant of the genus Lamium
roofvis	n	de · mv. roofvissen	predatory fish
tjongejonge	i		An exclamation of (mild) annoyance, surprise, wonder or amazement
kielekiele	a		very close, almost, very nearly
heldhaftigheid	n	de · mv. heldhaftigheden	heroism, bravery (quality of being heroic); heroic feat, heroic deed
prietpraat	n	de	babble, idle chatter, chit-chat, smalltalk
wipwap	n	de · mv. wipwappen	seesaw
lofdicht	n	het · mv. lofdichten	ode, panegyric, a poem of praise
kraakstem	n	de · mv. kraakstemmen	a crackly voice
veulenpaard	n	het · mv. veulenpaarden	a pregnant mare
lansknecht	n	de · mv. lansknechten	a soldier armed with a lance, a pikeman
landsknecht	n	de · mv. landsknechten	a lansquenet, a Landsknecht; a mercenary foot soldier, often armed with a…
treurdicht	n	het · mv. treurdichten	an elegy, a dirge, a mournful poem
werkpaard	n	het · mv. werkpaarden	workhorse, draft horse; workhorse (dependable, hard-working person or piece of equipment)
straatkind	n	het · mv. straatkinderen	street urchin
giftigheid	n	de	toxicity, poisonousness
zonnebrand	n	de	sunburn; sunscreen; the burning or the heat of the Sun
slangenkuil	n	de · mv. slangenkuilen	snake pit (pit full of snakes, pit inhabited by snakes); snake pit (treacherous, hostile place)
kuiltje	n	het · mv. kuiltjes	dimple (depression in the corner of the mouth)
malder	n	het · mv. malders	a historic unit of volume, equivalent to the amount of grain that one was…
Ploegman	m		a surname
bierkan	n	de · mv. bierkannen	beer jug
bierbrouwerij	n	de · mv. bierbrouwerijen	brewery, place where beer is brewed
bierbrouwer	n	de · mv. bierbrouwers	brewer, one who brews beer
bierdrinker	n	de · mv. bierdrinkers	beer drinker, one who drinks beer
biertap	n	de · mv. biertappen	beer tap
marterachtige	n	de · mv. marterachtigen	mustelid, any member of the family Mustelidae
vermogensbelasting	n	de · mv. vermogensbelastingen	wealth tax, capital tax
bierfiets	n	de · mv. bierfietsen	a party bike, a beer bike; a pedal-powered road vehicle with a bar counter,…
tapbier	n	het · mv. tapbieren	draught (UK), draft (US); draught beer (beer drawn from a keg or barrel)
liefdesleven	n	het · mv. liefdeslevens	love life; one's romantic activity and sex life
benzeenring	n	de · mv. benzeenringen	benzene ring
vertrektijd	n	de · mv. vertrektijden	time of departure, departure time
eukaryoot	n	de · mv. eukaryoten	eukaryote, any member of the domain Eukaryota
eukaryoot	a		eucaryotic
sponsdier	n	het · mv. sponsdieren	sponge, any member of the phylum Porifera
neteldier	n	het · mv. neteldieren	cnidarian (any member of the phylum Cnidaria)
ribkwal	n	de · mv. ribkwallen	ctenophore (any member of the phylum Ctenophora)
orgaandier	n	het · mv. orgaandieren	eumetazoan, any member of the subkingdom Eumetazoa
pijlworm	n	de · mv. pijlwormen	arrow worm, any member of the phylum Chaetognatha
stekelhuidige	n	de · mv. stekelhuidigen	echinoderm, any member of the phylum Echinodermata
chordadier	n	het · mv. chordadieren	chordate, any member of the phylum Chordata
schedelloze	n	de · mv. schedellozen	cephalochordate, any member of the subphylum Cephalochordata
manteldier	n	het · mv. manteldieren	tunicate, any member of the subphylum Tunicata
beenvisachtige	n	de · mv. beenvisachtigen	bony fish, any member of the superclass Osteichthyes
straalvinnige	n	de · mv. straalvinnigen	ray-finned fish, any member of the class Actinopterygii
kwastvinnige	n	de · mv. kwastvinnigen	lobe-finned fish, any member of the class Sarcopterygii
kruipdier	n	het · mv. kruipdieren	a creepy-crawly, a bug; any crawling animal
placentadier	n	het · mv. placentadieren	placental, any member of the infraclass Placentalia
haasachtige	n	de · mv. haasachtigen	lagomorph, any member of the order Lagomorpha
breedneusaap	n	de · mv. breedneusapen	New World monkey, any member of the parvorder Platyrrhini
smalneusaap	n	de · mv. smalneusapen	catarrhine, any member of the parvorder Catarrhini
mensachtige	n	de · mv. mensachtigen	great ape, hominid, any member of the family Hominidae
civetkatachtige	n	de · mv. civetkatachtigen	viverrid, any member of the family Viverridae
pardelroller	n	de · mv. pardelrollers	African palm civet, Nandinia binotata
zeeleeuwachtige	n	de · mv. zeeleeuwachtigen	eared seal, otary; any member of the family Otariidae
wasbeerachtige	n	de · mv. wasbeerachtigen	procyonid, any member of the family Procyonidae
eersteklas	a		first-class
sloerie	n	de · mv. sloeries	slut, tramp (insult for a woman, relating to promiscuity)
aaneenschakeling	n	de · mv. aaneenschakelingen	a concatenation
maagzakdier	n	het · mv. maagzakdieren	an invertebrate belonging to the Coelenterata
emelt	n	de · mv. emelten	larva of a crane fly, juvenile member of the Tipulidae
schedelloos	a		skull-less; cephalochordate, any member of the subphylum Cephalochordata
scheidingstransformator	n	de · mv. scheidingstransformatoren	isolation transformer
overvoeren	v	voerde over – overgevoerd	to transfer; to overfeed; to excessively stimulate or burden
hoihoi	i		synonym of hoi
aanplanten	v	plantte aan – aangeplant	to plant (with connotation of considerable size, considerable quantity,…
kalkaanslag	n	de · mv. kalkaanslagen	limescale
bomaanslag	n	de · mv. bomaanslagen	bomb attack (mostly used for attacks by people not part of regular troops,…
aantrekkelijkheid	n	de · mv. aantrekkelijkheden	attractiveness
kakmadam	n	de · mv. kakmadammen	a posh lady
fugitief	n	de · mv. fugitieven	fugitive; refugee, exile
fugitief	a		fugitive
breedbekkikker	n	de · mv. breedbekkikkers	a fictional type of frog with an unusually wide mouth; a person with a wide mouth
neusaap	n	de · mv. neusapen	proboscis monkey (Nasalis larvatus)
aapmens	n	de · mv. aapmensen	apeman
aardrijkskundig	a		geographical
abortuskliniek	n	de · mv. abortusklinieken	abortion clinic
abonnee	n	de · mv. abonnees	subscriber
accuratesse	n	de	accuracy
bergteer	n	de	bitumen, mineral pitch
houtmade	n	de · mv. houtmaden	woodworm
wereldburger	n	de · mv. wereldburgers	cosmopolite, citizen of the world, cosmopolitan
wereldburgeres	n	de · mv. wereldburgeressen	female cosmopolite, female citizen of the world, female cosmopolitan
adoptie	n	de · mv. adopties	adoption
acrylverf	n	de · mv. acrylverven	acrylic paint
bureaubladachtergrond	n	de · mv. bureaubladachtergronden	wallpaper (on a computer's desktop)
naamvers	n	het · mv. naamverzen	acrostic, often one spelling out a name
fietshelm	n	de · mv. fietshelmen	bicycle helmet
Adriatisch	a		Adriatic
afgrijzen	n	het	revulsion, aversion; horror
afgrijzen	v		to have an aversion for
affectenleer	n	de	doctrine of the affections
halfvlak	n		half-plane
buslijn	n	de · mv. buslijnen	bus route, bus line
naamkunde	n	de	onomastics
hydroniem	n		hydronym
onomastiek	n	de	onomastics
zoeven	v	zoefde – gezoefd	to zoom (move very fast with a humming noise)
onherkenbaar	a		unrecognizable
Spaan	m		a surname
kijkspel	n	het · mv. kijkspelen	a fairground attraction where people could watch exhibited object, often…; a type of popular theatrical play, usually focused on providing alluring…
beestenspel	n	het · mv. beestenspelen	a fairground or circus attraction where exotic animals were displayed; a…
besteedster	n	de · mv. besteedsters	a woman working as an employment agent for maidservants or wetnurses,…; a family roof, an old-fashioned large model of umbrella made of cotton…
vroegpreek	n	de · mv. vroegpreken	a religious service held in the early morning, earlier than a usual morning…
heitje	n	het · mv. heitjes	a coin with the denomination of 25 guilder cents
esdoornsiroop	n	de · mv. esdoornsiropen	maple syrup
appartementencomplex	n	het · mv. appartementencomplexen	apartment complex
rakelings	d		dangerously close
alcoholisch	a		alcoholic
beetgaar	a		al dente
agrariër	n	de · mv. agrariërs	one who works in agriculture; farmer, farmhand, agricultural labourer, etc
agressiviteit	n	de	aggressiveness, aggression
kerngeheugen	n	het	core memory
nachtvrijen	n	het	bundling; a mostly rural tradition where a suitor would visit a woman in her…
binnenmens	n	de · mv. binnenmensen	indoor person, someone who prefers to be indoors or spends a lot of time indoors
loesoe	d		away
loesoe	n	de · mv. loesoes	the act of making an exit
loesoe	a		gone; feeling uninhibited or loose (possibly but not necessarily relaxed),…; lit (amazing)
opknopen	v	knoopte op – opgeknoopt	to hang, to string up (to execute by hanging); to tie up
bijblijven	v	bleef bij – bijgebleven	to keep up, to not fall behind; to stick with, to persist (in memory)
ziekenfonds	n	het · mv. ziekenfondsen	a semi-public agency administering the paperwork and payments relating to…; health fund, sickness fund
ziektebeeld	n	het · mv. ziektebeelden	syndrome, disease profile
geestesziekte	n	de · mv. geestesziekten	mental illness
spaanplaat	n	de · mv. spaanplaten	chipboard, particle board
moderamen	n	het · mv. moderamina	the leadership of a church governing council at a local, regional or…
Weert	m		Weert (a city and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands); a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
spaanplaatschroef	n	de · mv. spaanplaatschroeven	chipboard screw
spaanplaten	a		made of chipboard
dodenmasker	n	het · mv. dodenmaskers	death mask
soortenrijkdom	n	de	biodiversity, diversity in species
kweekschool	n	de · mv. kweekscholen	a school where enrollees, as teenagers or adolescents, were educated in a…
calvinist	n	de · mv. calvinisten	Calvinist, a follower of Calvinism; an orthodox Reformed Protestant, especially a confessional conservative…
brandmuur	n	de · mv. brandmuren	a fire-resistant wall containing a fireplace and chimney; often dividing a…
mopshond	n	de · mv. mopshonden	pug, small dog with a snub snout
marsbanker	n	de · mv. marsbankers	common scad, Atlantic horse mackerel (Trachurus trachurus)
horsmakreel	n	de · mv. horsmakrelen	scad, Atlantic horse mackerel (Trachurus trachurus)
sesaté	n	de	synonym of saté
Staten-Generaal	n		The bicameral parliament of the Kingdom of the Netherlands
Zeister	a		of, from or pertaining to Zeist; Moravian, pertaining to the Moravian Church
Zeister	n	de · mv. Zeisters	someone from Zeist
zevenmijlslaars	n	de · mv. zevenmijlslaarzen	a seven-league boot (boot in fairy tales allowing the wearer to quickly walk…
alpenweide	n	de · mv. alpenweiden	alpine pasture
schaapkameel	n	de · mv. schaapkamelen	llama, Lama glama
amandelspijs	n	de	almond paste
letterkeer	n	de · mv. letterkeren	anagram
amazonezadel	n	het · mv. amazonezadels	saddle allowing the rider to sit with both legs to one side
schietvoorraad	n	de · mv. schietvoorraden	ammunition, munition
amfibisch	a		amphibian, pertaining to amphibians; amphibian, capable of function on both land and in water
bergweide	n	de · mv. bergweiden	mountain pasture
vrijgraafschap	n	de/het · mv. vrijgraafschappen	a free county; a comital domain or status directly belonging to the…
Vrijgraafschap	m		Franche-Comté, the county of Burgundy
anglicaan	n	de · mv. anglicanen	Anglican, Episcopalian
Antilliaans	a		Antillean
sjah	n	de · mv. sjahs	shah (king of Persia or Iran)
wingewest	n	het · mv. wingewesten	a subject region that is exploited for profit; in particular used of Roman…
Arabië	m		Arabia (a peninsula of West Asia between the Red Sea and the Persian Gulf;…; Arabia (the region of West Asia within or adjacent to the Arabian Plate;…
appetijtelijk	a		tasty, appetising
sinaasappelhuid	n	de	cellulitis; a skin afflicted by cellulitis
applauderen	v	applaudeerde – geapplaudeerd	to applaud
archont	n	de · mv. archonten	archon
vastzetten	v	zette vast – vastgezet	to fix, to fasten; to affix; to lock up, to jail
atoomgetal	n	het · mv. atoomgetallen	an atomic number, an element's number of protons and hence position in the…
alcoholmisbruik	n	het	alcohol abuse
astrologisch	a		astrological, pertaining to astrology
attentie	n	de	attention, attentiveness; courteousness, urbanity
sluipmoordenaar	n	de · mv. sluipmoordenaars	assassin, furtive murderer; anything lethal that is hard to detect
halfwaardetijd	n	de · mv. halfwaardetijden	half-life
halveringstijd	n	de · mv. halveringstijden	half-life
avondschemer	n	de · mv. avondschemers	dusk, evening twilight
arachnofauna	n	de · mv. arachnofauna's	the spider life inhabiting a region, arachnofauna
vogelfauna	n	de · mv. vogelfauna's	bird fauna of a region, avifauna
aversief	a		aversive, displaying or inciting aversion
insectenfauna	n	de · mv. insectenfauna's	entomofauna, insect fauna of an area
avondjurk	n	de · mv. avondjurken	evening gown, evening dress
shredden	v	shredde – geshred	to shred into smaller pieces; to play guitar solos in the shredding style
axiaal	a		axial (pertaining to an axis, moving around an axis)
Azteek	n	de · mv. Azteken	Aztec, an Aztec person
Azteeks	a		Aztec, Aztecan, pertaining to the Aztecs
Azteeks	m		Nahuatl
azijnaal	n	de · mv. azijnalen	vinegar eel, Turbatrix aceti
halvering	n	de · mv. halveringen	an act or process of halving
halveren	v	halveerde – gehalveerd	to halve, to divide by two; to halve, to divide (e.g. by cutting) in two
baarkleed	n	het · mv. baarkleden	pall, cloth laid over a coffin
rosbaar	n	de · mv. rosbaren	a litter carried by two horses or mules
kreukelzone	n	de · mv. kreukelzones	crumple zone
autokerkhof	n	het · mv. autokerkhoven	car graveyard, car cemetery, car scrapyard
appelig	d		unwell, lackless, unfirm
appelig	a		unwell, lackless, unfirm
vleet	n	de · mv. vleten	a series of drift nets used for catching herring
appelpunt	n	de · mv. appelpunten	a piece/slice of apple pie
taartpunt	n	de · mv. taartpunten	a pointy piece or slice of usually round cake or pie; anything wedge-shaped, e.g. a section of a pie chart
Coenraad	m		a male given name from Proto-Germanic, equivalent to English Conrad
BN'er	n	de · mv. BN'ers	a Dutch celebrity
attestatie	n	de · mv. attestaties	document supporting an assertion, certificate; attestation, the act or instance of attesting; certificate demonstrating good standing, competence or orthodoxy
cacaomelk	n	de	cocoa drink, (if heated) hot chocolate (beverage made of cocoa and milk)
vandaal	n	de · mv. vandalen	vandal
Aalsmeer	m		Aalsmeer (a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands)
Alblasserdam	m		Alblasserdam (a village and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands)
Albrandswaard	m		Albrandswaard (a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands)
Alkmaar	m		Alkmaar (a city and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands)
Almelo	m		Almelo (a city and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands)
Alphen	m		a village in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands; Alphen aan den Rijn, a city and municipality in Zuid-Holland; Alphen aan de Maas, a village in Gelderland
Alphen-Chaam	m		Alphen-Chaam (a municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands)
Amstelveen	m		Amstelveen (a city and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands) without…
Appingedam	m		Appingedam (a city and former municipality of Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands)
sloddervos	n	de · mv. sloddervossen	a messy, untidy person, a sloven or slattern; someone who doesn't keep their…
fanaal	n	het · mv. fanalen	signal fire, beacon
grunten	v	gruntte – gegrunt	to shout death growls, to growl
azuursteen	n	de · mv. azuurstenen	lapis lazuli
regenwater	n	het · mv. regenwateren	rainwater (water falling as rain; such water being stored up)
verkeersplein	n	het · mv. verkeerspleinen	an interchange or large junction containing a roundabout; a roundabout
slechtvalk	n	de · mv. slechtvalken	peregrine falcon (Falco peregrinus)
rondpunt	n	het · mv. rondpunten	roundabout
onhelder	a		unclear (lacking conceptual clarity); unclear (not transparent)
avicultuur	n	de	aviculture, bird husbandry
zelfmedicatie	n	de	self-medication
automedicatie	n	de	self-medication
alpenjager	n	de · mv. alpenjagers	a soldier belonging to a division of alpine troops
ossenwagen	n	de · mv. ossenwagens	oxcart
uitvreten	v	vrat uit – uitgevreten	to be up to (usually negative); to scrounge
uitspoken	v	spookte uit – uitgespookt	to be up to (usually negative)
babisme	n	het	Bábism
badjuf	n	de · mv. badjuffen	female pool lifeguard, often also serving as a swimming instructor
bakermoeder	n	de · mv. bakermoeders	midwife
bajesklant	n	de · mv. bajesklanten	prison inmate, prisoner
badeend	n	de · mv. badeenden	rubber duck (anatine bath-tub toy)
andreaskruis	n	het · mv. andreaskruisen	a Saint Andrew's cross (diagonal cross)
apenliefde	n	de	ill-conceived blind love that is detrimental to the recipient
komijnekaas	n	de · mv. komijnekazen	cumin cheese
zakhorloge	n	het · mv. zakhorloges	pocket watch
horlogemaker	n	de · mv. horlogemakers	watchmaker
horlogemaakster	n	de · mv. horlogemaaksters	female watchmaker
evenhoge	n	de · mv. evenhogen	siege tower
belegeringstoren	n	de · mv. belegeringstorens	siege tower
mangeneel	n	het · mv. mangenelen	mangonel
haam	n	de · mv. hamen	horsecollar, collar for draught animals; made of wood or leather
gareel	n	het · mv. garelen	horsecollar
baltsen	v	baltste – gebaltst	to engage in courtship display, particularly said of birds
balverlies	n	het · mv. balverliezen	loss of possession
tennisbal	n	de · mv. tennisballen	tennis ball
baleinen	a		baleen
Asen	m		Æsir
auspiciën	n		watch, supervision; auspices, protection
vogelwichelarij	n	de · mv. vogelwichelarijen	augury, bird divination
vogelwichelaar	n	de · mv. vogelwichelaars	augur, bird diviner
autogordel	n	de · mv. autogordels	seat belt in a car
volksaltaar	n	het · mv. volksaltaren	people's altar
aerostaat	n	de · mv. aerostaten	aerostat
allemansvriend	n	de · mv. allemansvrienden	everyone's friend (person who is friendly to everyone or seeks to please…
allemansvriendin	n	de · mv. allemansvriendinnen	everyone's friend (woman who is friendly to everyone or seeks to please…
bandrecorder	n	de · mv. bandrecorders	tape recorder
zeebanket	n	het	seafood
doopsgezinde	n	de · mv. doopsgezinden	Mennonite (Anabaptist grouping)
bariet	n	het	barite, baryte
basisarts	n	de · mv. basisartsen	a medical doctor who has not (yet) completed specialised education
Guus	m		a male given name
lassoën	v	lassode – gelassood	to lasso
basketter	n	de · mv. basketters	basketball player
kepie	n	de · mv. kepies	kepi (cap with a flat circular top)
persoonsvorm	n	de · mv. persoonsvormen	finite verb
herbebossen	v	herbeboste – herbebost	to reforest
basgitaar	n	de · mv. basgitaren	bass guitar
basgitarist	n	de · mv. basgitaristen	bass guitarist
barstig	a		cracked, showing cracks
gistzwam	n	de · mv. gistzwammen	yeast
beduchten	v	beduchtte – beducht	to fear
Vietnamoorlog	m		Vietnam War
Koreaoorlog	m		Korean War
Koreaan	n	de · mv. Koreanen	Korean (person from Korea, person of Korean descent)
keelzang	n	de · mv. keelzangen	throat singing
kunstlicht	n	het · mv. kunstlichten	artificial light, artificial lighting
keelzanger	n	de · mv. keelzangers	throat singer
apocrief	a		apocryphal
gemeenschapspot	n	de · mv. gemeenschapspotten	communal pot; communal fund
krachtmoment	n	het · mv. krachtmomenten	moment of force, moment
massasprint	n	de · mv. massasprints	bunch sprint
kraanwater	n	het	tap water, running water
leidingwater	n	het	tap water, running water
geldkraan	n	de · mv. geldkranen	money tap (metaphor for monetary stimulus by printing money); funding, source of money
suppoost	n	de · mv. suppoosten	museum guard, attendant (in venues or public spaces)
lelijkheid	n	de · mv. lelijkheden	ugliness; someone or something ugly; unpleasant behaviour or trait
symboliek	n	de · mv. symbolieken	symbolism
symboliek	a		symbolic
badmuts	n	de · mv. badmutsen	bathing cap, shower cap, swimming cap
mutsje	n	het · mv. mutsjes	an archaic liquid measure
eiermuts	n	de · mv. eiermutsen	egg cosy
theemuts	n	de · mv. theemutsen	tea cosy
plateauzool	n	de · mv. plateauzolen	platform sole (very thick sole of a shoe)
bowlen	v	bowlde – gebowld	to bowl, to play bowling
fraggen	v	fragde – gefragd	to frag, to kill in a shooter game
winkelmand	n	de · mv. winkelmanden	shopping basket; shopping cart
harpij	n	de · mv. harpijen	harpy (hybrid of a woman and a bird of prey); harpy eagle (Harpia harpyja)
gorgoon	n	de · mv. gorgonen	gorgon (female monster with snakes on her head); gorgonian, sea fan, soft coral of the Alcyonacea
minderwaardigheidsgevoel	n	het · mv. minderwaardigheidsgevoelens	sense of inferiority, feeling of inferiority
taaldood	n	de	language death
baccalaureaat	n	het · mv. baccalaureaten	baccalaureate; bachelor student
beuzelpraat	n	de	banter, chit-chat, idle talk
minderwaardigheid	n	de	inferiority
minderwaardigheidscomplex	n	het · mv. minderwaardigheidscomplexen	inferiority complex
beukhamer	n	de · mv. beukhamers	sledgehammer
aanfluiting	n	de · mv. aanfluitingen	disgrace, travesty, joke
aanfluiten	v	floot aan – aangefloten	to mock, to insult, to jeer
bijland	n	het · mv. bijlanden	territory, a subject region of lesser importance and with fewer rights
aardigheid	n	de · mv. aardigheden	friendliness, niceness, kindness; a small gift
Bijlmermeer	m		Bijlmermeer (a neighbourhood and former municipality of Amsterdam, North…
inferieur	a		inferior (of low(er) value or quality); inferior (of lower rank)
bedilziek	a		prone to patronising
beemd	n	de · mv. beemden	low-lying pasture or meadow near water, e.g. a floodplain or a grassy polder
geheimschrift	n	het · mv. geheimschriften	a cipher, a ciphertext (means of encrypting; encrypted text); a secret script, secret writing
bedelorde	n	de · mv. bedelorden	mendicant monastic order
auctie	n	de · mv. aucties	auction, especially of books
badgeld	n	het · mv. badgelden	fee for bathing in a bathhouse
Congres	m		Congress, the United States Congress
congreszaal	n	de · mv. congreszalen	conference hall, convention hall
slaapzaal	n	de · mv. slaapzalen	dormitory (room where multiple people can sleep)
deemoed	n	de	humility, modesty, meekness
deemoedigheid	n	de	humility, modesty, meekness
wildwissel	n	de · mv. wildwissels	wildlife crossing, ecoduct
postament	n	het · mv. postamenten	pedestal of a pillar or statue
hondsmoe	a		extremely tired, very exhausted, dog-weary
otteren	v	otterde – geotterd	to work hard, to be busy
doodkoud	a		very cold
steenkoud	a		ice-cold, very cold
achterleen	n	het · mv. achterlenen	fief granted by a vassal feudal lord
afknippen	v	knipte af – afgeknipt	to cut off
muuranker	n	het · mv. muurankers	cramp iron, anchor plate, brace (metal plate connected to a wall)
antideeltje	n	het · mv. antideeltjes	antiparticle
plutocraat	n	de · mv. plutocraten	plutocrat
opschonen	v	schoonde op – opgeschoond	to cleanse, to clean up
bijzettafel	n	de · mv. bijzettafels	occasional table, side table
gorgonisch	a		gorgonian; resembling, depicting or pertaining to a gorgon
spijkerbed	n	het · mv. spijkerbedden	bed of nails
plutocratie	n	de · mv. plutocratieën	plutocracy
plutocratisch	a		plutocratic
schuinkruis	n	het · mv. schuinkruisen	a Saint Andrew's cross (diagonal cross)
Beeldenstorm	m		Great Iconoclasm (wave of iconoclasm during the 1560s)
ronzebons	n	de · mv. ronzebonzen	portable puppet theatre
behangpapier	n	het · mv. behangpapieren	wallpaper (decorative paper to hang on walls)
beiaardier	n	de · mv. beiaardiers	carillonist, carillonneur
beïnvloeding	n	de	influencing (act or process of exerting influence)
matsen	v	matste – gematst	to go easy on (someone) as a favour
beharten	v	behartte – behart	to care about, to take to heart
bejaardentehuis	n	het · mv. bejaardentehuizen	retirement home, old people's home
beklemrecht	n	het · mv. beklemrechten	inheritable right of use of agricultural ground that one doesn't own, in…
beknoptheid	n	de	conciseness, brevity
belangrijkheid	n	de · mv. belangrijkheden	importance, importantness; something important
belegging	n	de · mv. beleggingen	investment
Russenoorlog	m		the Georgian uprising on Texel at the end of the Second World War
tuinwal	n	de · mv. tuinwallen	an earthen wall used for enclosures
voortouw	n	het · mv. voortouwen	a rope attached to the front side of an object
aanduwen	v	duwde aan – aangeduwd	to push against (an object), usually to make it fit; to push (a motorised vehicle) to get the engine started; to push (a vehicle) forward
stinkbom	n	de · mv. stinkbommen	stinkbomb
korenhalm	n	de · mv. korenhalmen	stalk of corn (cereal stalk)
overwinteren	v	overwinterde – overwinterd	to overwinter (to spend the winter)
duikschool	n	de · mv. duikscholen	diving school
kruipbrem	n	de	creeping broom, hairy greenweed (Genista pilosa)
ginst	n	de	furze, gorse (Ulex europaeus)
overlijdensakte	n	de · mv. overlijdensakten	death certificate
judaskus	n	de · mv. judaskussen	Judas kiss (treacherous or ingenuine act done under the pretense of kindness)
roofkunst	n	de	stolen art, looted art
stinkdas	n	de · mv. stinkdassen	a stink badger, mephitine of the genus Mydaus
pointilleren	v	pointilleerde – gepointilleerd	to paint in the pointillé technique
Bengaals	a		Bengal
benedictijn	n	de · mv. benedictijnen	Benedictine
bemiddelaar	n	de · mv. bemiddelaars	a mediator, one who mediates
Benins	a		Beninese
bergop	d		uphill, moving up a slope
Tempelberg	m		Temple Mount (hill and former acropolis in Jerusalem, site of the historical…
bergfort	n	het · mv. bergforten	mountain fort
slaaplied	n	het · mv. slaapliederen	a lullaby
wiegelied	n	het · mv. wiegeliederen	a lullaby
monsterverbond	n	het · mv. monsterverbonden	an alliance or other form of cooperation between opponents to take on a…
anabaptistisch	a		Anabaptist
doperse	n	de · mv. dopersen	Mennonite; Anabaptist
wederdoper	n	de · mv. wederdopers	Anabaptist
mediageil	a		eager to appear in the media
mediageilheid	n	de	eagerness to appear in the media
geilheid	n	de	horniness, lewdness
geilneef	n	de · mv. geilneven	a horny man, a lecher
moffenhoer	n	de · mv. moffenhoeren	a woman who had a romantic relation with a German soldier during World War…
Poolster	m		Polaris
remtrommel	n	de · mv. remtrommels	brake drum
onbeschaamd	a		shameless, impudent
beroving	n	de · mv. berovingen	robbery
kornuit	n	de · mv. kornuiten	chum, companion, mate (usually a man)
klikbaar	a		clickable
assimilering	n	de	synonym of assimilatie (“assimilation”)
schrooien	v	schrooide – geschrooid	to cut to pieces, to chop; to scrape
molton	n	het	a thick woolen or cotton twilled fabric; a cloth of this fabric placed on top of mattresses to absorb moisture
lapmiddel	n	het · mv. lapmiddelen	improvised fix, stopgap
redmiddel	n	het · mv. redmiddelen	a means of rescuing, saving or solving something; a solution
betaalmiddel	n	het · mv. betaalmiddelen	a tender, a means of payment
tijdverdrijf	n	het · mv. tijdverdrijven	pastime, diversion
drukfout	n	de · mv. drukfouten	printing error
drukfeil	n	de · mv. drukfeilen	printing error
knudde	a		bad, clumsy, worthless, oafish
hermeneutiek	n	de	hermeneutics, exegesis
exegeet	n	de · mv. exegeten	exegete, hermeneut
poepgat	n	het · mv. poepgaten	anus, butthole
kacheloven	n	de · mv. kachelovens	cocklestove, tiled stove
leukerd	n	de · mv. leukerds	joker, wiseguy, japester (frequently used ironically)
kunstmuseum	n	het · mv. kunstmusea	art museum
neofascisme	n	het	neofascism
krokusvakantie	n	de · mv. krokusvakanties	a week-long school holiday held in February or March; spring break (mostly…
hermelijnkoorts	n	de	fawning servility towards a monarch
afsnijden	v	sneed af – afgesneden	to cut off; to swerve a vehicle in front of (someone, another vehicle), causing…; to take a shortcut
ampliatie	n	de · mv. ampliaties	expansion, addition, especially of a law or provision
waardvogel	n	de · mv. waardvogels	a host bird, a bird that is the host of a brood parasite
bekouten	v	bekoutte – bekout	to talk over, to persuade
afhouden	v	hield af – afgehouden	to bar, to keep away; to avoid [with van], to avoid being involved; to keep one's distance, to stay at a distance
donderkloot	n	de · mv. donderkloten	a large metal or stone cannon ball; a lightning bolt, often pictured as a small, solid projectile
belanghebber	n	de · mv. belanghebbers	stakeholder, someone who has an interest (stake) in something
rendiergewei	n	het · mv. rendiergeweien	a pair of reindeer antlers; a reindeer antler
dominicaan	n	de · mv. dominicanen	Dominican (member of the Dominican order)
Dominicaan	n	de · mv. Dominicanen	Dominican (person from the Dominican Republic)
saletjonker	n	de · mv. saletjonkers	an eighteenth or nineteenth century dandy from the upper classes, typically…
pterosaurus	n	de · mv. pterosaurussen	pterosaur, member of the order Pterosauria
pterosauriër	n	de · mv. pterosauriërs	pterosaur, member of the order Pterosauria
ingooi	n	de · mv. ingooien	throw-in
binnenbeul	n	de · mv. binnenbeulen	tormentor, one who tortures people in dungeons
dichtader	n	de · mv. dichtaderen	a fictional vein that functions as source of poetic inspiration
spreektalig	a		vernacular, colloquial, pertaining to spoken language
stoeprand	n	de · mv. stoepranden	a kerb, the edge of a pavement
stoepier	n	de · mv. stoepiers	someone employed to stand near the entrance of a venue or attraction in…
dodemansknop	n	de · mv. dodemansknoppen	dead man's switch
scheerkwast	n	de · mv. scheerkwasten	shaving brush
opiumschuiver	n	de · mv. opiumschuivers	an opium smoker
oorlogsschatting	n	de · mv. oorlogsschattingen	a tribute or reparations imposed on the loser of a war or battle
bevaren	v	bevoer – bevaren	to sail on, to navigate on
buitenbeugel	n	de · mv. buitenbeugels	orthodontic headgear; external or outer brace or stay
betweterig	a		pedantic, know-it-all
bevriezing	n	de · mv. bevriezingen	freezing, frost (act or process of freezing)
oorlam	n	de/het · mv. oorlammen	an alcoholic draught, usually jenever
spreekstalmeester	n	de · mv. spreekstalmeesters	ringmaster of a circus
stalmeester	n	de · mv. stalmeesters	stablemaster, equerry
verspreken	v	versprak – versproken	to misspeak
jouwen	v	jouwde – gejouwd	to jeer
jouwen	t		dative neuter/plural of jouw
uitjouwen	v	jouwde uit – uitgejouwd	to jeer at
jongleren	v	jongleerde – gejongleerd	to juggle
marmoleum	n	het	marble-patterned linoleum, marmoleum
ransuil	n	de · mv. ransuilen	long-eared owl (Asio otus)
tyfeus	a		typhous
invectief	n	het · mv. invectieven	insult, invective
klimvoet	n	de · mv. klimvoeten	a type of bird foot adapted to climbing, with two toes oriented backwards…
invalkracht	n	de · mv. invalkrachten	substitute (employee temporarily substituting for someone else, especially…
badmintonnen	v	badmintonde – gebadmintond	to play badminton
klinkdicht	n	het · mv. klinkdichten	sonnet (poem consisting of an octave and a sextet)
badzeep	n	de · mv. badzepen	floating bath soap
woekervlees	n	het	granulation tissue
velduil	n	de · mv. velduilen	short-eared owl (Asio flammeus)
schuivuit	n	de · mv. schuivuiten	an owl, especially an eagle owl or horned owl
zetsel	n	het · mv. zetsels	typeset type; brew, prepared tea or coffee
verdrinking	n	de · mv. verdrinkingen	drowning
agglutineren	v	agglutineerde – geagglutineerd	to agglutinate, to accrete
bewindsvrouw	n	de · mv. bewindsvrouwen	female minister (senior or junior) or secretary of state
Staatsbewind	m		the executive of the Batavian Republic from 1801 to 1805
gelijkstaat	n	de	legal equality, legal emancipation
gelijkberechtiging	n	de	legal equality, legal emancipation
gelijkstelling	n	de	legal equality, legal emancipation
agentuur	n	de · mv. agenturen	agency, institute
convooi	n	het · mv. convooien	originally an import duty, later also levied on exports
zetfeil	n	de · mv. zetfeilen	typesetting error
lokroep	n	de · mv. lokroepen	a luring call; a lure, something that allures
Tietjerk	m		a village in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
pastorie	n	de · mv. pastorieën	parish house, parsonage, rectory, manse
weerhaak	n	de · mv. weerhaken	barb, fluke (protruding point or hook in stingers or metal weapons or tools)
nadorst	n	de	thirst caused by (excessive) alcohol consumption, especially in combination…
sterallure	n	de · mv. sterallures	the pretentiousness of a celebrity
monarchistisch	a		monarchist
monarchisch	a		monarchic
monarchaal	a		monarchic, monarchal
kariatide	n	de · mv. kariatiden	caryatid
expeditiekantoor	n	het · mv. expeditiekantoren	shipping office
bijvorm	n	de · mv. bijvormen	a less common or subordinate variant, a byform
behandigen	v	behandigde – behandigd	to hand, to hand over
bedunken	v	bedunkte – bedunkt	to seem, to appear (of opinions)
bandrekel	n	de · mv. bandrekels	a chained or leashed male dog (often connoting ferociousness)
bijengewas	n	het · mv. bijengewassen	a crop pollinated by bees; beeswax
dijkage	n	de · mv. dijkages	the construction or maintenance of dykes; a collection of dykes, especially a network of dykes
kinderfeest	n	het · mv. kinderfeesten	any party or holiday celebrated primarily by children; a child's birthday party
tijk	n	de/het · mv. tijken	a pillowcase; a type of coarse cotton fabric
tijken	a		made of coarse cotton fabric
afbetten	v	bette af – afgebet	to clean or refresh by dabbing with a cloth or sponge; to remove (a fluid) by dabbing with a cloth or sponge
beeldenstormer	n	de · mv. beeldenstormers	iconoclast (one who destroys statues and images); iconoclast (controversial person)
beeldschrift	n	het · mv. beeldschriften	ideographic script
alruin	n	de · mv. alruinen	mandrake (plant of genus Mandragora); common mandrake (Mandragora officinarum)
begieten	v	begoot – begoten	to pour on; to water
oomzegger	n	de · mv. oomzeggers	nephew, especially in relation to an uncle
oomzegster	n	de · mv. oomzegsters	niece, especially in relation to an uncle
tantezegger	n	de · mv. tantezeggers	nephew, especially in relation to an aunt
tantezegster	n	de · mv. tantezegsters	niece, especially in relation to an aunt
bekrijgen	v	bekrijgde – bekrijgd	to war against
lijfknecht	n	de · mv. lijfknechten	attendant, personal servant; especially a lackey or butler
schootsafstand	n	de · mv. schootsafstanden	shooting distance (distance from which one shoots or is able to shoot)
strekdam	n	de · mv. strekdammen	a dam constructed to be (partially or approximately) parallel to the bank,…
bindrijs	n	het · mv. bindrijzen	twigs braided together to be used as a fastener
binnenschans	n	de · mv. binnenschansen	an interior sconce or other fortification (as opposed to more outlying…
binnenkoorts	n	de · mv. binnenkoortsen	a persistent, often particularly debilitating, fever
zoönotisch	a		zoonotic
chaostheorie	n	de	chaos theory
bewijsmiddel	n	het · mv. bewijsmiddelen	a means of proving or demonstrating something; a piece of evidence
bezittelijk	a		possessive
bezoldiging	n	de · mv. bezoldigingen	remuneration, pay
bezinning	n	de	contemplation, reflection
strafwerk	n	het	school assignment(s) given as a punishment, imposition
ultrageluid	n	het · mv. ultrageluiden	ultrasound
jachtvalk	n	de · mv. jachtvalken	a falcon trained for falconry
valkenjacht	n	de	a hunt or the practice of hunting by means of falcons; falconry
jachtvliegtuig	n	het · mv. jachtvliegtuigen	fighter plane (fast military combat plane)
bomvliegtuig	n	het · mv. bomvliegtuigen	bomber plane
bombardementsvliegtuig	n	het · mv. bombardementsvliegtuigen	bomber aeroplane
astronautiek	n	de	astronautics
luchtgastvrouw	n	de · mv. luchtgastvrouwen	air hostess, stewardess (female flight attendant)
manziek	a		having (excessively) strong sexual or romantic drives toward men,…
gedoogbeleid	n	het	a policy of not enforcing laws prohibiting an illegal activity without…
bibliografisch	a		bibliographical
verkeersvliegtuig	n	het · mv. verkeersvliegtuigen	commercial airliner, civilian airliner
hofmeesteres	n	de · mv. hofmeesteressen	stewardess, female attendant on a ship
kunstvlieg	n	de · mv. kunstvliegen	fly (fishing lure resembling a bug)
kunstvliegen	n	het	aircraft acrobatics
kunstvliegen	v		to perform aircraft acrobatics
vliegbereik	n	het	flight radius (range to where one can fly without stops)
aeronautiek	n	de	aviation, aeronautics
stromingsleer	n	de	fluid mechanics, hydraulics and pneumatics
rolroer	n	het · mv. rolroeren	aileron (aeroplane part)
actieradius	n	de · mv. actieradii	radius of action (radius or range in which something operate, or where a…
luchtvaartgezind	a		airminded
ankermast	n	de · mv. ankermasten	mooring mast (docking station for an airship)
meermast	n	de · mv. meermasten	mooring mast (docking station for an airship)
ijsbestrijder	n	de · mv. ijsbestrijders	anti-icer, deicer
molenvliegtuig	n	het · mv. molenvliegtuigen	autogiro
vulslurf	n	de · mv. vulslurven	the appendix of a balloon
stuurautomaat	n	de · mv. stuurautomaten	autopilot
luchtzak	n	de · mv. luchtzakken	a downdraught, a downdraft; the ballonet of a blimp; a bag of air
eendvliegtuig	n	het · mv. eendvliegtuigen	canard
dwarrelvlucht	n	de · mv. dwarrelvluchten	falling leaf manoeuvre
hakenkruis	n	het · mv. hakenkruizen	swastika
stuurknuppel	n	de · mv. stuurknuppels	a joystick, chiefly of an aircraft
stijgwind	n	de · mv. stijgwinden	lift, updraught, updraft
Lelijkstad	m		A nickname for Lelystad
pugilistiek	n	de	pugilism, boxing, fistfighting
pugilistisch	a		pugilistic, pertaining to boxing
pugilisme	n	het	pugilism, boxing, fistfighting
stuurkuip	n	de · mv. stuurkuipen	an open bridge or cockpit of a boat or aircraft; an open front section of a car; a small fairing protecting the headlight and the handlebar of a motorbike
zweeftrein	n	de · mv. zweeftreinen	a levitating train, in particular a maglev
vliegpark	n	het · mv. vliegparken	airbase, military airport
vernieler	n	de · mv. vernielers	a destroyer, one who destroys
vliegtuigmoederschip	n	het · mv. vliegtuigmoederschepen	seaplane carrier (seaplane tender with facilities for launching and hoisting…
vleugeltip	n	de · mv. vleugeltips	wing tip (extremity of an animal's or aeroplane's wing)
tolvlucht	n	de · mv. tolvluchten	tailspin
vergasser	n	de · mv. vergassers	carburetor, carburettor
tekentang	n	de · mv. tekentangen	a pair of tick tweezers, a tick remover
tekenpincet	n	het · mv. tekenpincetten	a pair of tick tweezers, a tick remover
ontteken	v	ontteekte – ontteekt	to detick
taxiën	v	taxiede – getaxied	to taxi (to move without flying)
driedekker	n	de · mv. driedekkers	triplane; three-decker (three-decked warship)
anderhalfdekker	n	de · mv. anderhalfdekkers	sesquiplane
sesquiplan	n	de · mv. sesquiplans	sesquiplane
proefstand	n	de · mv. proefstanden	test bench
spierkrachtvliegtuig	n	het · mv. spierkrachtvliegtuigen	human-powered aeroplane
tuniek	n	de · mv. tunieken	a sports uniform; a long women's overgarment similar to a long shirt or sweater or a short dress; a short overgarment, often one worn as part of a uniform
turbotaal	m		a Dutch slang that extensively uses clippings, especially from the end of a…
rioolkrant	n	de · mv. rioolkranten	an untrustworthy, sensationalist newspaper
oncologisch	a		oncological
hoogtezon	n	de · mv. hoogtezonnen	a lamp emitting light that contains a large dose of ultraviolet light,…
geslachtswapen	n	het · mv. geslachtswapens	family coat of arms
knisperen	v	knisperde – geknisperd	to make a crackling or popping noise
knaagtand	n	de · mv. knaagtanden	a relatively large incisor, such as a rodent's or a lagomorph's
tandenfee	n	de · mv. tandenfeeën	tooth fairy (fictional milk tooth exchange/speculator)
gangreen	n	het	gangrene
afko	n	de · mv. afko's	a clipping, contraction or abbreviation, usually one belong to a slang-like…
dakkoffer	n	de · mv. dakkoffers	roof box
orthodontistisch	a		orthodontic
orthodontisch	a		orthodontic
liturgiek	n	de	the theological study of liturgy
liturg	n	de · mv. liturgen	a liturgist, one who prepares liturgy
benoorden	p		to the north of
beoosten	p		to the east of
bewesten	p		to the west of
bezuiden	p		to the south of
geestdrijver	n	de · mv. geestdrijvers	a zealot who purports to be guided by a deity, in particular by the Holy…; a demagogue or agitator
hemelpool	n	de · mv. hemelpolen	celestial pole (pole that is the centrepoint of the stars' apparent axial…
pestvogel	n	de · mv. pestvogels	Bohemian waxwing (Bombycilla garrulus); a waxwing, any bird of the genus Bombycilla
zuignap	n	de · mv. zuignappen	suction cup
vetberg	n	de · mv. vetbergen	a large accumulation of fat and discarded toiletries which clogs sewers; a…
helikopterouder	n	de · mv. helikopterouders	helicopter parent
Malden	m		a village in Heumen, Gelderland, Netherlands
coscoroba	n	de · mv. coscoroba's	coscoroba (Coscoroba coscoroba)
weerklank	n	de · mv. weerklanken	echo, reverberation; a sound or singing produced or uttered back in response to another one
stokanker	n	het · mv. stokankers	stock anchor, stocked anchor (anchor with a stock)
haringkoning	n	de · mv. haringkoningen	king of herrings (mythological large golden herring); giant oarfish, king of herrings (Regalecus glesne)
riemvis	n	de · mv. riemvissen	giant oarfish, king of herrings (Regalecus glesne)
ringelrob	n	de · mv. ringelrobben	ringed seal (Pusa hispida)
stinkrob	n	de · mv. stinkrobben	ringed seal (Pusa hispida)
honnepon	n	de · mv. honneponnen	sweetheart, honeybun, darling (term of endearment for a girl or woman)
bungalowpark	n	het · mv. bungalowparken	holiday village, bungalow resort
zeekraal	n	de · mv. zeekralen	glasswort, pickleweed, plant of the genus Salicornia
kegelbaan	n	de · mv. kegelbanen	bowling court, bowling alley (not for ten-pin bowling)
walschot	n	het	spermaceti
maanvis	n	de · mv. maanvissen	An ocean sunfish, mola; a fish of the family Molidae; common mola (Mola mola)
kamster	n	de · mv. kamsterren	an astropecten, a sea star of the genus Astropecten; a female wool comber
zeevarken	n	het · mv. zeevarkens	harbour porpoise (Phocoena phocoena); guinea pig (Cavia porcellus)
zwaardschede	n	de · mv. zwaardscheden	the sheath of a sword; a razor clam, a jack-knife clam; bivalve of the genus Ensis
klapmuts	n	de · mv. klapmutsen	hooded seal, clapmatch (Cystophora cristata)
klapmutsrob	n	de · mv. klapmutsrobben	synonym of klapmuts (“hooded seal, clapmatch (Cystophora cristata)”)
blaasrob	n	de · mv. blaasrobben	synonym of klapmuts (“hooded seal, clapmatch (Cystophora cristata)”)
scheepshuid	n	de · mv. scheepshuiden	the hull of a ship, the plating or planking of a ship
manenrob	n	de · mv. manenrobben	South American sea lion, Otaria flavescens
zadelrob	n	de · mv. zadelrobben	harp seal, saddleback seal (Pagophilus groenlandicus)
zeeluipaard	n	de/het · mv. zeeluipaarden	leopard seal, sea leopard, Hydrurga leptonyx
zeenaald	n	de · mv. zeenaalden	a pipefish; certain fish of the family Syngnathidae, particularly of genus…
vlaggenroof	n	de	capture the flag
stekelrog	n	de · mv. stekelroggen	the thornback ray, Raja clavata
watergevogelte	n	het	waterbirds
beppen	v	bepte – gebept	to chit-chat, to blab
verslaven	v	verslaafde – verslaafd	to addict; to make an addict of; to make a slave of
windhond	n	de · mv. windhonden	greyhound
verstek	n	het	absence from a court meeting to which one has been summoned, default; a joint formed by connecting two components at segments having 45° angles…
magazijn	n	het · mv. magazijnen	storeroom, storehouse, depot, now especially of a store or workshop; magazine (chamber in a firearm)
neerslagradar	n	de · mv. neerslagradars	weather radar
buienradar	n	de · mv. buienradars	weather radar
boormossel	n	de · mv. boormossels	piddock, angelwing, bivalve of the family Pholadidae; also used for certain…
alantswortel	n	de · mv. alantswortels	the root of a plant of the genus Inula, especially that of the elecampane…
botervlinder	n	de · mv. botervlinders	a sweet bun or biscuit made of puff pastry, usually in a tightly knotted or…
schapenboet	n	de · mv. schapenboeten	a barn used for storing feed for sheep and various equipment, of a type…
rugstreeppad	n	de · mv. rugstreeppadden	natterjack toad (Epidalea calamita)
knoflookpad	n	de · mv. knoflookpadden	common spadefoot, garlic toad (Pelobates fuscus)
kadastraal	a		cadastral, pertaining to a cadastre
steunfort	n	het · mv. steunforten	a small fortress or fortification functioning as an outwork to defend a…
parelmoervlinder	n	de · mv. parelmoervlinders	any of certain butterflies of the genus Argynnis (the fritillaries)
spokerij	n	de · mv. spokerijen	haunting, spookiness, haunt (activity by ghosts); magic, magical stuff, mumbo jumbo, superstition
dwergvinvis	n	de · mv. dwergvinvissen	northern minke whale, common minke whale, Balaenoptera acutorostrata
cetoloog	n	de · mv. cetologen	cetologist
nawoord	n	het · mv. nawoorden	afterword, epilogue
hondshaai	n	de · mv. hondshaaien	sandy dogfish, small-spotted catshark (Scyliorhinus canicula)
taalrol	n	de · mv. taalrollen	category of people who speak a certain (official) language (Dutch, French or…
rijsdam	n	de · mv. rijsdammen	a dam constructed from narrow branches, in particular of willow wood, used…
baleinwalvis	n	de · mv. baleinwalvissen	baleen whale, member of the parvorder Mysticeti
tandwalvis	n	de · mv. tandwalvissen	toothed whale, whale of the suborder Odontoceti
salontafel	n	de · mv. salontafels	coffee table, tea table (low, relatively small table used in living rooms,…
theekrans	n	de · mv. theekransen	tea party (formal social gathering where one drinks tea, historically…
heideblauwtje	n	het · mv. heideblauwtjes	silver-studded blue butterfly (Plebejus argus)
kwitantie	n	de · mv. kwitanties	receipt
maniërisme	n	het	Mannerism (artistic style and movement during the late Renaissance); any artificial style of art informed by the imitation of exemplars
bijspijkercursus	n	de · mv. bijspijkercursussen	a course for brushing up previously learnt knowledge or skills or (in…
engerling	n	de · mv. engerlingen	larva of a scarab beetle (family Scarabaeidae)
mierwesp	n	de · mv. mierwespen	velvet ant, wasp of the family Mutillidae
eusociaal	a		eusocial
grafstemming	n	de	a very depressed, melancholic mood
kinderkanker	n	de	childhood cancer, child cancer
staatzucht	n	de	fierce or even obsessive drive to achieve status
statuszucht	n	de	fierce or even obsessive drive to achieve status
spijskaart	n	de · mv. spijskaarten	menu (card) (usually a physical copy)
ruif	n	de · mv. ruiven	hayrack
Spreuken	m		Proverbs (book of the Hebrew Bible)
ferromagneet	n	de · mv. ferromagneten	ferromagnet
extremofiel	n	de · mv. extremofielen	extremophile (organism living under extreme conditions)
zaailand	n	het · mv. zaailanden	agricultural land that has been or is intended to be sown
ferrometaal	n	het · mv. ferrometalen	ferrous metal; a metal element with properties similar to iron or an alloy…
kanoet	n	de · mv. kanoeten	knot, red knot (Calidris canutus)
paalworm	n	de · mv. paalwormen	shipworm (Teredo navalis)
plaggenhut	n	de · mv. plaggenhutten	a hut constructed of sods of peat
scheepsbel	n	de · mv. scheepsbellen	ship's bell
klokkenstoel	n	de · mv. klokkenstoelen	bell frame (frame for suspending bells, as part of a building or as a…
pagaans	a		pagan, pertaining to paganism
winzucht	n	de	profiteering, the excessive seeking or attainment of profit
spitssnuitdolfijn	n	de · mv. spitssnuitdolfijnen	beaked whale, toothed whale of the family Ziphiidae
zandsuppletie	n	de · mv. zandsuppleties	beach nourishment, sand replenishing
suppletie	n	de · mv. suppleties	suppletion, provision, replenishing; suppletion
vederlicht	a		light as a feather, very light (having little weight; having little substance)
bergeend	n	de · mv. bergeenden	common shelduck (Tadorna tadorna)
francofiel	n	de · mv. francofielen	Francophile (admirer of French culture and/or language)
francofiel	a		Francophile (admiring French culture and/or language)
vrijdenkerij	n	de	free thought; the freethinkers' movement or the underlying principles thereof
biefstuksocialist	n	de · mv. biefstuksocialisten	a champagne socialist; a socialist who prioritises stimulating private wealth and (basic) private…
zageman	n	de · mv. zagemannen	a whiner, a man who regularly complains or whinges
protectionisme	n	het	protectionism
tommygun	n	de · mv. tommyguns	Tommy gun, Thompson submachine gun
ausputzer	n	de · mv. ausputzers	a sweeper, a libero
doodrijder	n	de · mv. doodrijders	one who killed someone by driving (e.g. running over or colliding)
scrofulose	n	de	scrofula, scrofulosis
smaadrede	n	de · mv. smaadreden	a libellous expression, including any types of discourse from brief insults…
vetoën	v	vetode – gevetood	to veto
kolderschijf	n	de · mv. kolderschijven	excentric, disc converting circular motion to reciprocating motion
despoot	n	de · mv. despoten	despot
dysfoor	a		dysphoric
eufoor	a		euphoric
euforisch	a		euphoric
Warga	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
skippen	v	skipte – geskipt	to skip
slingeraap	n	de · mv. slingerapen	spider monkey, monkey of the genus Ateles
vetorecht	n	het · mv. vetorechten	right of veto
slingerplant	n	de · mv. slingerplanten	twiner; bine (twining plant)
marktfalen	n	het	market failure
schampschot	n	het · mv. schampschoten	grazing shot
deknaam	n	de · mv. deknamen	pseudonym
lobotomiseren	v	lobotomiseerde – gelobotomiseerd	to lobotomise (UK, Australia), to lobotomize (North America)
lobotomeren	v	lobotomeerde – gelobotomeerd	to lobotomise (UK, Australia), to lobotomize (North America)
stoeterij	n	de · mv. stoeterijen	horse ranch, stud (farm where horses are kept for breeding)
schaduwzijde	n	de · mv. schaduwzijden	dark side, downside
wapenhandel	n	de	arms trade
xerofyt	n	de · mv. xerofyten	xerophyte
waterbom	n	de · mv. waterbommen	water bomb; Dutch tomato
dieptebom	n	de · mv. dieptebommen	depth charge
moordkuil	n	de · mv. moordkuilen	a gruesome place, esp. a robbers' den
streamen	v	streamde – gestreamd	to stream
Paaseiland	m		Easter Island
Paasopstand	m		Easter Rising
paastak	n	de · mv. paastakken	Easter branch (branch of a shrub decorated with Easter-related ornaments)
Palmpasen	m		Palm Sunday
paaskaars	n	de · mv. paaskaarsen	Paschal candle
paasweek	n	de	Easter Week; Holy Week
bananenboom	n	de · mv. bananenbomen	banana tree
bananenplant	n	de · mv. bananenplanten	banana plant
adverbiaal	a		adverbial
vormingsroman	n	de · mv. vormingsromans	bildungsroman
immuun	a		immune (not susceptible to disease); immune (not liable)
spierbundel	n	de · mv. spierbundels	a bundle of skeletal muscle fibers; a muscle fascicle; a very muscular person
vouwbeen	n	het · mv. vouwbenen	folding-bone, folding-stick, bone folder
partnerschap	n	het · mv. partnerschappen	partnership
bedkruik	n	de · mv. bedkruiken	hot water bottle
kruikenmoeder	n	de · mv. kruikenmoeders	a machine and storage cabinet designed for heating multiple standardised hot…
baardmankruik	n	de · mv. baardmankruiken	Bartmann jug
baardman	n	de · mv. baardmannen	bearded man; bearded tit (Panurus biarmicus)
kraamnest	n	het · mv. kraamnesten	a nest where an animal gives birth
viskraam	n	de · mv. viskramen	fish stall (stall where fish is sold)
marktkraam	n	de · mv. marktkramen	market stall (stall or booth on a market)
donderwolk	n	de · mv. donderwolken	thunder cloud
sonarhut	n	de · mv. sonarhutten	sonar room on a ship
sonarvis	n	de · mv. sonarvissen	tow fish of a sonar system (towed sonar vessel)
doelmatigheid	n	de · mv. doelmatigheden	effectiveness; teleology, an instance of purposeful design
boomgeld	n	het · mv. boomgelden	a toll or tariff
gansrijden	n	het	goose riding, a traditional blood sport in which the participants try to…
kwelspel	n	het · mv. kwelspelen	blood sport
springstier	n	de · mv. springstieren	a stud bull
mikwa	n	het · mv. mikwa's	mikveh
medehal	n	de · mv. medehallen	mead hall
medezaal	n	de · mv. medezalen	mead hall
balzaal	n	de · mv. balzalen	ballroom
buitengemeen	a		exceptional, uncommon
allerchristelijkst	a		most Christian of all (typically as an epithet for monarchs and more rarely…
centenaar	n	de · mv. centenaars	100 kilogrammes; 100 pounds
consterneren	v	consterneerde – geconsterneerd	to appall, to dismay
kunstrechterlijk	a		pertaining to art criticism, involving aesthetic judgement
kunstrechter	n	de · mv. kunstrechters	art critic
beharing	n	de · mv. beharingen	hair cover (totality of hairs covering a surface)
persifleren	v	persifleerde – gepersifleerd	to lampoon, to satirise
admiraliteitscollege	n	het · mv. admiraliteitscolleges	a body governing a division of the navy; the naval force of the Dutch…
timmerwerf	n	de · mv. timmerwerven	a construction yard where the primary construction material is wood; esp. in…
gifbeker	n	de · mv. gifbekers	a poisoned chalice, a chalice that contains a poison
hoeslaken	n	het · mv. hoeslakens	fitted sheet
poetsvrouw	n	de · mv. poetsvrouwen	female cleaner, charlady
onafscheidelijk	a		inseparable, joined at the hip
doodvallen	v	viel dood – doodgevallen	to drop dead, to die suddenly; drop dead!
verleider	n	de · mv. verleiders	seducer
vlokkig	a		flaky, consisting of flakes
knekelveld	n	het · mv. knekelvelden	boneyard, graveyard
hardhandig	a		hardhanded, forceful
adviesprijs	n	de · mv. adviesprijzen	list price, recommended retail price
succesnummer	n	het · mv. succesnummers	smash hit song; any great success
bijeenkomen	v	kwam bijeen – bijeengekomen	to come together, to meet, to assemble
bijpraten	v	praatte bij – bijgepraat	to catch up, to get (someone) up to date about the latest developments
afmeren	v	meerde af – afgemeerd	to moor
voedzaam	a		nourishing, nutritious
geklungel	n	het	bungling
klungelen	v	klungelde – geklungeld	to bungle; to dawdle, waste time
platzak	a		broke, having no money
kogelbestendig	a		bulletproof
kogelwerend	a		bulletproof
omhullen	v	omhulde – omhuld	to surround, to encase, to wrap
onverstoorbaar	a		imperturbable, unflappable
koolzuurhoudend	a		carbonated, fizzy
koolzuurvrij	a		uncarbonated, not fizzy
naspelen	v	speelde na – nagespeeld	to imitate; to reenact
wegspoelen	v	spoelde weg – weggespoeld	to wash away, to flush away
topgeheim	a		top secret
topgeheim	n	het · mv. topgeheimen	top secret
zitzak	n	de · mv. zitzakken	beanbag (furniture)
voorschot	n	het · mv. voorschotten	advance payment; wooden planks fitted to the top of the gable
haasje-over	n	het	leapfrog
foutloos	a		without errors, faultless
meeliften	v	liftte mee – meegelift	to hitchhike along; to piggyback, to go along with something larger
steenhouwer	n	de · mv. steenhouwers	stonemason
ontmantelen	v	ontmantelde – ontmanteld	to dismantle
herroepen	v	herriep – herroepen	to retract, to recant, to take back what was said; to revoke, to cancel
lokmiddel	n	het · mv. lokmiddelen	lure, bait
kabelbaan	n	de · mv. kabelbanen	cable car (hanging); cable ride, flying fox, zipline (also as a playground device)
geheugensteun	n	de · mv. geheugensteunen	reminder, mnemonic
tentoonstellen	v	stelde tentoon – tentoongesteld	to exhibit, to display, to show to the public
tentoon	d		only used in tentoonstellen
verkenner	n	de · mv. verkenners	a scout (one who does reconnaissance); a boy scout of high-school age; in politics, a person (usually a former or current politician) tasked to…
neervallen	v	viel neer – neergevallen	to fall down, to collapse, to flop
voorraadkast	n	de · mv. voorraadkasten	pantry, cupboard
leeftijdsgenoot	n	de · mv. leeftijdsgenoten	age-mate (person of the same age)
aandrukken	v	drukte aan – aangedrukt	to press in order to flatten or make something settle
ombouwen	v	bouwde om – omgebouwd	to refashion, to convert, to remodel; to apply gender-affirming surgery to (frequently used in the reflexive…; to plough (UK), to plow (US)
neutraliseren	v	neutraliseerde – geneutraliseerd	to neutralise
fietsendrager	n	de · mv. fietsendragers	bicycle carrier, bike rack
dichtluim	n	de	poetic inspiration
ploten	v	plootte – geploot	to dewool (sheep skins)
oeverloper	n	de · mv. oeverlopers	common sandpiper (Actitis hypoleucos)
kussensloop	n	de/het · mv. kussenslopen	pillow case
slangster	n	de · mv. slangsterren	a brittle star, an echinoderm of the class Ophiuroidea
boothuis	n	het · mv. boothuizen	boathouse (building where boats are stored)
clubhuis	n	het · mv. clubhuizen	clubhouse (building where an association is based)
poppenhuis	n	het · mv. poppenhuizen	dollhouse
vakantiehuis	n	het · mv. vakantiehuizen	holiday home (building used as holiday accommodation)
rusthuis	n	het · mv. rusthuizen	retirement home
leprozenhuis	n	het · mv. leprozenhuizen	leprosery, leprosarium
woonhuis	n	het · mv. woonhuizen	residential building, house
pesthuis	n	het · mv. pesthuizen	pesthouse
jachthuis	n	het · mv. jachthuizen	hunting lodge
provinciehuis	n	het · mv. provinciehuizen	the seat of a provincial government; a provincial, rural house
zomerhuis	n	het · mv. zomerhuizen	summerhouse
grachtenhuis	n	het · mv. grachtenhuizen	a house located beside an urban canal, a canalside residential building
tolhuis	n	het · mv. tolhuizen	tollhouse
modehuis	n	het · mv. modehuizen	a fashion boutique; a fashion brand, a business that designs or produces fashionable clothing…
dorpshuis	n	het · mv. dorpshuizen	a village meetinghouse, a community centre in a village; the government building of a village
opvanghuis	n	het · mv. opvanghuizen	a shelter, a building where people or animals who are threatened, victimised…
koetshuis	n	het · mv. koetshuizen	coach house
slakkenhuis	n	het · mv. slakkenhuizen	snail shell; cochlea (cavity of the inner ear)
wachthuis	n	het · mv. wachthuizen	guardhouse; guard booth, sentry-box
filmhuis	n	het · mv. filmhuizen	an art house, a cinema that shows artistic, non-commercial films
sloophuis	n	het · mv. sloophuizen	a house that has been designated for demolition
herenhuis	n	het · mv. herenhuizen	tall townhouse, often imposing and originally belonging to the elite
hoerenhuis	n	het · mv. hoerenhuizen	brothel, whorehouse
nieuwbouwhuis	n	het · mv. nieuwbouwhuizen	a newly developed house, a recently built house
raadhuis	n	het · mv. raadhuizen	the assembly building of a local/municipal council
theehuis	n	het · mv. theehuizen	teahouse (establishment primarily serving tea)
studentenhuis	n	het · mv. studentenhuizen	student residence, student house (building housing accommodation for students)
kosthuis	n	het · mv. kosthuizen	boarding house
buitenhuis	n	het · mv. buitenhuizen	a country house; a house or other building located outside the city walls
kamphuis	n	het · mv. kamphuizen	a camp building, a building rented as holiday accommodation to groups
huizenbouw	n	de	home building, residential construction
huisdeur	n	de · mv. huisdeuren	house door
huisafval	n	de/het	domestic waste
huisvader	n	de · mv. huisvaders	father of the house, family man
huisstof	n	de/het	household dust
huisstofmijt	n	de · mv. huisstofmijten	house dust mite, dust mite
blijf-van-mijn-lijfhuis	n	het · mv. blijf-van-mijn-lijfhuizen	women's shelter (shelter for female victims of domestic violence)
huisjesslak	n	de · mv. huisjesslakken	snail, gastropod with a shell
huisnijverheid	n	de	cottage industry, domestic artisanry
huisvlijt	n	de	cottage industry, domestic artisanry
begijnhof	n	het · mv. begijnhoven	beguinage
vertelling	n	de · mv. vertellingen	narrative, tale, story
lichtschip	n	het · mv. lichtschepen	lightship, lightvessel
paradigmaverschuiving	n	de · mv. paradigmaverschuivingen	paradigm shift
tankjager	n	de · mv. tankjagers	tank destroyer (armoured anti-tank vehicle)
verkalken	v	verkalkte – verkalkt	to calcify
opscheren	v	schoor op – opgeschoren	to shave the hair on the back and/or sides of the head to a short length,…
pijltjestoets	n	de · mv. pijltjestoetsen	arrow key, cursor key
afdrukvoorbeeld	n	het · mv. afdrukvoorbeelden	print preview
wapenfeit	n	het · mv. wapenfeiten	feat, exploit, achievement, in particular in battle
feestgedruis	n	het	revelry
tabblad	n	het · mv. tabbladen	tab (physical divider); tab (navigational widget, e.g. in a window)
bewijsstuk	n	het · mv. bewijsstukken	a piece of evidence, esp. an attesting document
afweergeschut	n	het	anti-air defence, anti-aircraft gun(s)
uppie	n	de · mv. uppies	a small marble, either a glass toothpaste marble or (dated) a clay marble
nivelleren	v	nivelleerde – genivelleerd	to level economically; to level, to equalise, to flatten (physically or figuratively in senses not…
schuimspaan	n	de/het · mv. schuimspanen	skimmer (sieve-like scoop; kitchen utensil)
bonenkruid	n	het	savory, plant of the genus Satureja, used in particular of those species and…
amfibievoertuig	n	het · mv. amfibievoertuigen	amphibious vehicle
amfibievliegtuig	n	het · mv. amfibievliegtuigen	amphibious aircraft, amphibian
denktank	n	de · mv. denktanks	think tank
slagbal	n	het	a sport similar to baseball and softball that is played on a smaller,…
spuuglelijk	a		hideous, extremely ugly
afgunstig	a		covetous, envious
burgerbevolking	n	de · mv. burgerbevolkingen	civilian population
vuistregel	n	de · mv. vuistregels	rule of thumb
hatsjie	i		achoo (representation of a sneeze)
organisator	n	de · mv. organisatoren	organizer
Boskoop	m		a village and former municipality of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland,…
orderidder	n	de · mv. orderidders	a knight belonging to a chivalric order, especially one belonging to a…
Hindoestaan	n	de · mv. Hindoestanen	an Indian-Surinamese person, a Surinamese person of Indian descent
aartslui	a		extremely lazy, very lazy
raadzaam	a		advisable
toetssteen	n	de · mv. toetsstenen	touchstone
consciëntie	n	de · mv. consciëntiën	conscience
antikapitalistisch	a		anticapitalist, anti-capitalist
pijpenkrul	n	de · mv. pijpenkrullen	ringlet, corkscrew curl
zonaanbidder	n	de · mv. zonaanbidders	an avid, habitual sunbather; a sun worshipper; a Sun worshipper, one who worships the Sun or a sungod
gezagsaanbidder	n	de · mv. gezagsaanbidders	someone with a dogmatic and uncritical reverence for authority
watersnip	n	de · mv. watersnippen	common snipe (Gallinago gallinago)
houtsnip	n	de · mv. houtsnippen	Eurasian woodcock (Scolopax rusticola); a sandwich consisting of a slice of white bread with a slice of (ripened)…
nestvlieder	n	de · mv. nestvlieders	precocial animal, precocial young
nestblijver	n	de · mv. nestblijvers	altricial animal, altricial young
nagelborstel	n	de · mv. nagelborstels	nailbrush
subfossiel	n	het · mv. subfossielen	subfossil
toponiem	n	het · mv. toponiemen	toponym, place name
griepprik	n	de · mv. griepprikken	flu jab, flu shot (vaccination against influenza)
ruggenprik	n	de · mv. ruggenprikken	an injection of a substance for spinal anaesthesia
bosneger	n	de · mv. bosnegers	Maroon
zeeroverij	n	de · mv. zeeroverijen	piracy, robbery at sea
boekanier	n	de · mv. boekaniers	buccaneer, pirate; originally especially in reference to French pirates and…
zendpiraterij	n	de	radio piracy
zendpiraat	n	de · mv. zendpiraten	radio or television pirate
etherpiraat	n	de · mv. etherpiraten	radio or television pirate
linkmiegel	n	de · mv. linkmiegels	a sly, deceptive and untrustworthy man
marktplaats	n	de · mv. marktplaatsen	emporium, market town; place where a market is held
marktplein	n	het · mv. marktpleinen	market square
zedenwet	n	de · mv. zedenwetten	normative system of ethics
dagdier	n	het · mv. dagdieren	diurnal animal
sixpack	n	de/het · mv. sixpacks	a six pack (set of six cans or bottles); a six pack (pronounced abdominal muscles)
majemen	v	majemde – gemajemd	to rain
Talmoed	m		Talmud
tepaal	n	de · mv. tepalen	tepal
sepaal	n	de · mv. sepalen	sepal
petaal	n	de/het · mv. petalen	petal
kroonblad	n	het · mv. kroonbladen	petal
kelkblad	n	het · mv. kelkbladen	sepal
ovulatie	n	de · mv. ovulaties	ovulation
hoererij	n	de · mv. hoererijen	whoredom (sexual immorality; prostitution); idolatry
rokershoest	n	de · mv. rokershoesten	the cough of a habitual smoker
rokerig	a		smoky, pertaining to, containing, causing, smelling like or tasting like smoke
eisprong	n	de · mv. eisprongen	ovulation
stripverhaal	n	het · mv. stripverhalen	comic, comic strip
stripfiguur	n	de/het · mv. stripfiguren	comic character, character from a comic strip
neutronenbom	n	de · mv. neutronenbommen	neutron bomb
Saraceen	n	de · mv. Saracenen	Saracen
volzin	n	de · mv. volzinnen	complete sentence
massagraf	n	het · mv. massagraven	mass grave
geopolitiek	a		geopolitical
geopolitiek	n	de	geopolitics
slampamper	n	de · mv. slampampers	a lazy, decadent, often gluttonous, man
marketentster	n	de · mv. marketentsters	female sutler
marketenter	n	de · mv. marketenters	sutler
zoetelaar	n	de · mv. zoetelaars	sutler
marmottenslaap	n	de	a long, deep sleep
vrijstad	n	de · mv. vrijsteden	free city, especially a free imperial city; city of refuge, asylum city
martiaal	a		martial, warlike
patrijspoort	n	de · mv. patrijspoorten	porthole
kogelhuls	n	de · mv. kogelhulzen	bullet casing, bullet shell
parlementsgebouw	n	het · mv. parlementsgebouwen	parliamentary building
kiesdrempel	n	de · mv. kiesdrempels	electoral threshold
schietbaan	n	de · mv. schietbanen	shooting range, shooting gallery
hakblok	n	het · mv. hakblokken	chopping block (for chopping wood or decapitating)
luchtgitaar	n	de · mv. luchtgitaren	air guitar
luchtdicht	a		airtight
luchtalarm	n	het · mv. luchtalarmen	air raid siren, civil defence siren (public siren system used for various…
luchtaanval	n	de · mv. luchtaanvallen	aerial attack, aerial strike
luchtschipper	n	de · mv. luchtschippers	captain of an airship
luchtschroef	n	de · mv. luchtschroeven	a propeller that operates in air (as a medium)
luchtbom	n	de · mv. luchtbommen	a bomb launched from the air (e.g. used in an aerial bombing or in a dogfight)
luchtbombardement	n	het · mv. luchtbombardementen	aerial bombing, aerial bombardment
bombardeerkever	n	de · mv. bombardeerkevers	Brachinus crepitans; any bombardier beetle of the genus Brachinus
bloedlul	n	de · mv. bloedlullen	a penis which is considerably larger when erect compared to flaccid; a grower; a jerk, an arse
vleeslul	n	de · mv. vleeslullen	a penis which is not considerably larger when erect compared to flaccid; a…
luchtbrug	n	de · mv. luchtbruggen	an airlift; a skybridge, a bridge connecting buildings or various part of a building
commanderij	n	de · mv. commanderijen	commandery, the area or office controlled by the commander of a military order
bewegingsoorlog	n	de · mv. bewegingsoorlogen	manoeuvre warfare; a war that involves manoeuvre warfare
abolitie	n	de · mv. abolities	the prevention or abrogation of a prosecution procedure by means of a law
toegift	n	de · mv. toegiften	addition, extra gift; something that is given in addition to what is usual; encore (brief extra performance after the main performance)
Jip	m		a male given name
Janneke	m		a female given name
nijder	n	de · mv. nijders	an envious hater
zenuwinzinking	n	de · mv. zenuwinzinkingen	a nervous breakdown, a mental collapse
bacterioloog	n	de · mv. bacteriologen	bacteriologist
Aantjes	m		a surname
Arends	m		a surname
Claeys	m		a surname
Maes	m		a surname
Maessen	m		a surname
Mansveld	m		a surname
Provoost	m		a surname
Ratgers	m		a surname
Vaes	m		a surname
Swinkels	m		a surname
Steijn	m		a surname
Soete	m		a surname
Veerman	m		a surname
marktwerking	n	de · mv. marktwerkingen	market functioning, market mechanism, market function(s)
privatiseren	v	privatiseerde – geprivatiseerd	to privatise (UK, Australia), privatize (North America)
balanceren	v	balanceerde – gebalanceerd	to balance (to maintain a balance, equipoise, etc.); to balance (accounts)
techgigant	n	de · mv. techgiganten	tech giant (large multinational company operating in the technology sector)
bestrijdingsmiddel	n	het · mv. bestrijdingsmiddelen	a chemical or biological agent used for exterminating undesired organisms; a…
mededinging	n	de · mv. mededingingen	competition
lidstaat	n	de · mv. lidstaten	member state
deregulering	n	de · mv. dereguleringen	deregulation
dereguleren	v	dereguleerde – gedereguleerd	to deregulate
belastingtarief	n	de · mv. belastingtarieven	tax rate
vennootschapsbelasting	n	de · mv. vennootschapsbelastingen	corporate tax, company tax
arbeidsethos	n	het	work ethic
wegconcurreren	v	concurreerde weg – weggeconcurreerd	to outcompete, typically by means of arguably unfair practices; to undercut
ongrondwettig	a		unconstitutional
ongrondwettelijk	a		unconstitutional
bewaarplicht	n	de · mv. bewaarplichten	retention obligation (legal requirement to retain data, objects, etc.)
plichtsbesef	n	het	sense of duty
schuldeiser	n	de · mv. schuldeisers	creditor; obligee
meerjarenbegroting	n	de · mv. meerjarenbegrotingen	multi-annual budget, long-term budget
lijnrecht	a		perfectly straight, without curvature or aberration; direct
lijnrecht	d		diametrically
geothermie	n	de	geothermy
bodemziekte	n	de · mv. bodemziekten	soil-borne disease, soil disease
sluitstuk	n	het · mv. sluitstukken	stop; final part, tail end, finale
persvrijheid	n	de	freedom of the press
non-binair	a		non-binary
veiligheidsmaatregel	n	de · mv. veiligheidsmaatregelen	security measure, safeguard
voorstedelijk	a		suburban
appelstroop	n	de	a syrup made from apples, similar to apple butter
terdoodveroordeelde	n	de · mv. terdoodveroordeelden	one who has been condemned to death
kettingbotsing	n	de · mv. kettingbotsingen	chain collision, concertina crash
schuttersstuk	n	de · mv. schuttersstukken	group portrait of a city militia unit called a schutterij
aankwispelen	v	kwispelde aan – aangekwispeld	to approach while wagging one's tail
kwispelstaarten	v	kwispelstaartte – gekwispelstaart	to wag one's tail
kwispelstaart	n	de · mv. kwispelstaarten	a wagging tail, a tail prone to wagging
omhelzing	n	de · mv. omhelzingen	embrace, act of folding one's arms around someone (usually the torso)
boelhuis	n	het · mv. boelhuizen	the auction of a household's movable property, especially the house's inventory
stripalbum	n	het · mv. stripalbums	comic book
begrotingsdiscipline	n	de	budget discipline (frequently used for simplistic political spin, but not…
rotsblok	n	het · mv. rotsblokken	a piece or mass of rock, a boulder
evakostuum	n	het · mv. evakostuums	a woman's birthday suit
adamskostuum	n	het · mv. adamskostuums	a man's birthday suit, more generally any person's state of nudity; the nude…
houtskoolvuur	n	het · mv. houtskoolvuren	charcoal fire
aardsatelliet	n	de · mv. aardsatellieten	a satellite (natural or artificial) orbiting around the Earth
satisfactie	n	de	satisfaction
boegbuiskamer	n	de · mv. boegbuiskamers	the torpedo room at the bow of a submarine
oppervlaktevloot	n	de · mv. oppervlaktevloten	surface fleet (non-submarine portion of a fleet)
aannopen	v	noopte aan – aangenoopt	to motivate, to spur, to incite; to touch
bronrivier	n	de · mv. bronrivieren	a river that originates from a spring
zangvogeltrek	n	de	songbird migration
vogeltrek	n	de	bird migration
kamsalamander	n	de · mv. kamsalamanders	great crested newt, northern crested newt (Triturus cristatus)
schoolradio	n	de · mv. schoolradio's	radio broadcasting aimed at primary and (less commonly) secondary school…
radiowekker	n	de · mv. radiowekkers	clock radio
sacramenteel	a		sacramental
mouwvegen	v	veegde mouw – mouwgeveegd	to flatter, to sweet-talk
mouwveger	n	de · mv. mouwvegers	flatterer, sweet-talker
onraad	n	het	danger
hamerstuk	n	het · mv. hamerstukken	a piece of legislation that is accepted without plenary discussion; anything that is rubber stamped
premonstratenzer	n	de · mv. premonstratenzers	Premonstratensian
premonstratenzer	a		Premonstratensian
zelateur	n	de · mv. zelateurs	a male member of a Roman Catholic fraternity or lay organisation
zoölatrie	n	de	zoolatry, animal worship
pekelhoer	n	de · mv. pekelhoeren	whore, bitch, slut (pejorative for a woman)
biandrie	n	de	biandry (marriage with two men)
transvrouw	n	de · mv. transvrouwen	trans woman
quiëtisme	n	het	quietism
quiëtisterij	n	de	quietism
quiëtist	n	de · mv. quiëtisten	quietist
enzoötisch	a		enzootic
Monroeleer	m		Monroe Doctrine
kapoeres	a		broken, damaged, destroyed; dead, gone
ulevel	n	de · mv. ulevellen	a rectangular hard sweet
filharmonisch	a		philharmonic
deputeren	v	deputeerde – gedeputeerd	to depute, to deputise
lucubreren	v	lucubreerde – gelucubreerd	to elucubrate
Couperus	m		a surname
sletvrees	n	de	the shame or sense of guilt a woman experiences for having sexual desires,…
gelijkstemmen	v	stemde gelijk – gelijkgestemd	to tune to the same pitch; to harmonize, to adjust opinions and plans
prairiewolf	n	de · mv. prairiewolven	prairie wolf, coyote (Canis latrans)
onlogisch	a		illogical; impractical, strange
youtuben	v	youtubede – geyoutubed	to watch or upload videos on YouTube
yogisch	a		yogic
xyloliet	n	het	an artificial stone made of compressed magnesite and cellulose
stierenvechtster	n	de · mv. stierenvechtsters	a female bullfighter
regenschaduw	n	de · mv. regenschaduwen	rain shadow
levensgezel	n	de · mv. levensgezellen	life partner
levensgezellin	n	de · mv. levensgezellinnen	female life partner
gedurig	a		continuous; repeated, frequent
labberkoelte	n	de · mv. labberkoelten	a very soft wind
chilisalpeter	n	de/het	nitratine, Chile saltpetre
natronloog	n	de	soda lye, caustic soda
Nitrisch	a		Nitrian (pertaining to the Wadi El-Natrun or the Nitrian Desert)
nitrisch	a		nitric (pertaining to nitrogen)
Catalonisch	a		Catalan
Catalonisch	m		Catalan
Catalaan	n	de · mv. Catalanen	Catalan, Catalonian (native or inhabitant of Catalonia) (usually male)
xenotransplantatie	n	de · mv. xenotransplantaties	xenotransplantation
weerstation	n	het · mv. weerstations	weather station, meteorological station
verstandsverbijstering	n	de · mv. verstandsverbijsteringen	bewilderment, stupor
verstening	n	de	petrification
navalisme	n	het	navalism
syndicaat	n	het · mv. syndicaten	association, society; criminal syndicate; consortium, syndicate (group of companies that pool business, esp. sale or…
stootvogel	n	de · mv. stootvogels	bird of prey, in particular one that incapacitates its prey by knocking it down
wouw	n	de · mv. wouwen	a kite, certain bird of the family Accipitridae; especially of the genera…; the plant weld (Reseda luteola)
nachtpermissie	n	de · mv. nachtpermissies	permission for members of the armed forces to spend the night outside the…; permit for a drinking establishment to be open after closing time
Sindarijns	m		Sindarin
testeren	v	testeerde – getesteerd	to prepare one's will; to leave or divide (one's belongings) by means of a will
humoraal	a		humoral, pertaining to the body fluids
kardoen	n	de · mv. kardoenen	cardoon, artichoke thistle (Cynara cardunculus)
arcering	n	de · mv. arceringen	hatching (method of shading)
kardinalaat	n	het	cardinalate
orbánisme	n	het	the authoritarian ideology of Viktor Orbán
kiezel	n	de · mv. kiezels	pebble, pebblestone; flint, gravel; silicon
zwavelregen	n	de · mv. zwavelregens	sulphuric rain; atmospheric pollen, especially from pines, falling down with precipitation
wagenburg	n	de · mv. wagenburgen	wagon fort, corral, laager
droogoven	n	de · mv. droogovens	kiln, drying oven, drying furnace
fotogeoloog	n	de · mv. fotogeologen	photogeologist
dienluik	n	het · mv. dienluiken	a hatch or a shutter in a wall or door used for passing through food and…
opruimingsuitverkoop	n	de · mv. opruimingsuitverkopen	clearance sale (discounted sale of stock of which one wants to be rid)
scheurjurk	n	de · mv. scheurjurken	a dress that is resistant to being torn
faldistorium	n	het · mv. faldistoria	faldstool
attractiepark	n	het · mv. attractieparken	amusement park
kookplaat	n	de · mv. kookplaten	cooktop, hob, hotplate
vliegtuigslurf	n	de · mv. vliegtuigslurven	jet bridge
rugtas	n	de · mv. rugtassen	rucksack, backpack
wijnruit	n	de	rue, common rue (Ruta graveolens)
kolenschop	n	de · mv. kolenschoppen	a coal shovel; a large hand
boormachine	n	de · mv. boormachines	drill (electrical or fuel-powered appliance for drilling holes)
foezel	n	de · mv. foezels	inferior jenever, containing fusel oils
foezelolie	n	de · mv. foezeloliën	fusel oil
waterstofbom	n	de · mv. waterstofbommen	hydrogen bomb
weerstreven	v	weerstreefde – weerstreefd	to oppose, to resist against
wederstrevig	a		rebellious, resistant
lilliputter	n	de · mv. lilliputters	lilliputian, munchkin; midget, little person
cartotheek	n	de · mv. cartotheken	a file system; a collection of maps, a cartographic library
Ionisch	a		Ionian (related to Ionia or the Ionians); Ionian (related to the Ionian order)
Indische	n	de · mv. Indischen	a female inhabitant of the Indies (esp. East Indies), in particular of the…
kwartelkoning	n	de · mv. kwartelkoningen	corncrake (Crex crex)
uithangbord	n	het · mv. uithangborden	shop sign
kapperspaal	n	de · mv. kapperspalen	a typical shop sign used to signify a barber's shop; a barber's pole
positiejurk	n	de · mv. positiejurken	a maternity dress; a dress designed to be worn by pregnant women during the…
onderzoeksjournalist	n	de · mv. onderzoeksjournalisten	investigative reporter, investigative journalist
potteus	a		lesbian
lollepot	n	de · mv. lollepotten	an earthenware pot filled with charcoal or coals and used for heating,…; a lesbian, a dyke
gletsjermelk	n	de	the light turbid meltwater from a glacier
lutheraan	n	de · mv. lutheranen	Lutheran
lutheraans	a		Lutheran
venusjanker	n	de · mv. venusjankers	a man who is hopelessly in love, especially pertaining to foolish love or…; a jockey, a john (client of a prostitute)
speelbal	n	de · mv. speelballen	a helpless victim of external forces; a ball used for playing, especially one belonging to a pet
positiekleding	n	de	maternity clothing, clothing designed to be worn by women in the later…
Nutsman	n	de · mv. Nutsmannen	a male member of the Maatschappij tot Nut van 't Algemeen
gewoonheid	n	de · mv. gewoonheden	normalcy, normalness
scheepsanker	n	het · mv. scheepsankers	a ship's anchor
zwingliaan	n	de · mv. zwinglianen	Zwinglian
zwingliaans	a		Zwinglian
Texelaar	n	de · mv. Texelaars	an inhabitant or native of Texel
berkoen	n	de · mv. berkoens	a support beam
Stateneiland	m		Isla de los Estados; Staten Island
beweiding	n	de · mv. beweidingen	grazing, pasturing; the act of letting animals graze on a plot of land
deerlijk	a		hurting, painful; sad, saddening
vreemdelingenverkeer	n	het	tourism
kleinoogrog	n	de · mv. kleinoogroggen	smalleyed ray (Raja microocellata)
langhuis	n	het · mv. langhuizen	longhouse
loogketel	n	de · mv. loogketels	a cauldron used for bleaching with lye
bleekveld	n	het · mv. bleekvelden	a bleachfield (field for bleaching fabrics, esp. linens, in the Sun)
chemicaliëntanker	n	de · mv. chemicaliëntankers	chemical tanker
seizoensarbeider	n	de · mv. seizoensarbeiders	seasonal labourer
autolader	n	de · mv. autoladers	car charger (charger that can be inserted into a dashboard socket)
groetenis	n	de · mv. groetenissen	the act of greeting; a greeting
slechtziend	a		having poor vision, visually impaired
slechtziende	n	de · mv. slechtzienden	a visually impaired person
artsenijdrank	n	de · mv. artsenijdranken	a medical draught, a medical potion
bladerloos	a		leafless
bladloos	a		leafless
dierenperk	n	het · mv. dierenperken	an enclosure for an animal; a zoo or menagerie
bewettigen	v	bewettigde – bewettigd	to authorise, to legitimise
seider	n	de · mv. seiders	seder (Passover meal)
vermoording	n	de · mv. vermoordingen	the act of murdering, murder
aanritsgeld	n	het · mv. aanritsgelden	the money paid to new recruits upon joining the army, originally especially…
aanloopgeld	n	het · mv. aanloopgelden	the money paid to new recruits upon joining the infantry
invasiemacht	n	de · mv. invasiemachten	invading force (military force raised for the purpose of an invasion)
kartonneren	v	kartonneerde – gekartonneerd	to bind in cardboard
buikspreken	n	het	ventriloquism
buikspreken	v	sprak buik – buikgesproken	to ventriloquise
buikspreekster	n	de · mv. buikspreeksters	a female ventriloquist
buikspreker	n	de · mv. buiksprekers	a ventriloquist
buikspreekpop	n	de · mv. buikspreekpoppen	a ventriloquist's dummy
buikspraak	n	de	ventriloquism
diervriendelijk	a		animal-friendly, harmless to animals, heedful of animal welfare
nachtgoed	n	het	nightwear, nightclothes
citroenappel	n	de · mv. citroenappels	lemon (fruit)
citroenlimonade	n	de · mv. citroenlimonades	lemonade, a sweetened or fizzy drink based on lemon juice
boterwaag	n	de · mv. boterwagen	a pair of scales on which butter was weighed, or a building housing such scales
bloedschandig	a		incestuous
wijkverpleger	n	de · mv. wijkverplegers	district nurse
wijkverpleegster	n	de · mv. wijkverpleegsters	female district nurse
angellijn	n	de · mv. angellijnen	a fishing line
citroenschijf	n	de · mv. citroenschijven	a slice of lemon
citrusvrucht	n	de · mv. citrusvruchten	citrus fruit, fruit of a plant of the genus Citrus
bijenarend	n	de · mv. bijenarenden	synonym of wespendief (“pern, European honey buzzard (Pernis apivorus)”)
wespendief	n	de · mv. wespendieven	pern, European honey buzzard (Pernis apivorus); honey buzzard, any raptor of the genera Pernis and Henicopernis
radslotpistool	n	het · mv. radslotpistolen	wheellock pistol
Amerindiaan	n	de · mv. Amerindianen	Amerindian
rivierpaard	n	het · mv. rivierpaarden	hippopotamus
Heleen	m		a female given name, a nativised variant of Helena (=Helen)
krijgskunst	n	de · mv. krijgskunsten	art of war; martial art
neusklank	n	de · mv. neusklanken	a nasal
seminarie	n	het · mv. seminaries	a seminary
badplaats	n	de · mv. badplaatsen	a settlement with a spa or bathing resort
kustplaats	n	de · mv. kustplaatsen	a coastal settlement
seroendeng	n	de	a condiment made of fried coconut flakes spiced with peanut, garlic,…
weidewinkel	n	de · mv. weidewinkels	a large supermarket, DIY centre or warehouse built on an industrial estate…
hypermarkt	n	de · mv. hypermarkten	a hypermarket
rustaltaar	n	het · mv. rustaltaren	an outdoor altar or an altar in a separate chapel where a ritual is…
tuigleer	n	het	saddle leather (strong, specially tanned leather used for tack)
tuigleren	a		made of saddle leather, consisting of saddle leather
fytotherapie	n	de · mv. fytotherapieën	phytotherapy
fytotherapeut	n	de · mv. fytotherapeuten	phytotherapist
gaasvlieg	n	de · mv. gaasvliegen	a common lacewing, fly of the family Chrysopidae
flambouw	n	de · mv. flambouwen	an ornamental torch or lantern on a stick, used in rituals
platvoetwacht	n	de	guard duty on a ship from 4 to 8 PM
plurk	n	de · mv. plurken	a prick, an arse, a jerk
lijkfeest	n	het · mv. lijkfeesten	a ceremony at the occasion of a funeral, a funeral feast
aanstoken	v	stookte aan – aangestookt	to stoke, to stir up; to incite
alwijs	a		perfectly wise
barricaderen	v	barricadeerde – gebarricadeerd	to barricade
barricadering	n	de · mv. barricaderingen	the act of barricading; a barricade
dagwijzer	n	de · mv. dagwijzers	a diary, a calendar book; a book in which one keeps track of appointments…; a calendar
damschijf	n	de · mv. damschijven	draught, checker
damstuk	n	het · mv. damstukken	draught, checker
schoolvosserij	n	de	pedantry, in particular when done by teachers
naaldgeweer	n	het · mv. naaldgeweren	needle gun
boezemvriend	n	de · mv. boezemvrienden	bosom friend
boezemvriendin	n	de · mv. boezemvriendinnen	female bosom friend
allooi	n	het · mv. allooien	quality, level, type, kind
baljuw	n	de · mv. baljuws	bailiff, reeve, a feudal, mainly judicial official, individually appointed…
landadel	n	de	landed gentry, squirearchy
edelmetalen	a		made of a noble metal
celgenoot	n	de · mv. celgenoten	cellmate
celgenote	n	de · mv. celgenotes	female cellmate
Dijkgraaf	m		a surname originating as an occupation
reiskoorts	n	de	wanderlust, travel bug
danklied	n	het · mv. dankliederen	a song of thanksgiving
venerologie	n	de	venereology (study of venereal disease)
venerologisch	a		venereological (pertaining to (the study of) venereal disease)
lichtgas	n	het · mv. lichtgassen	town gas, coal gas
stadsgas	n	het	town gas, coal gas
kolengas	n	het · mv. kolengassen	coal gas
steenkolengas	n	het · mv. steenkolengassen	coal gas
koolsla	n	de	cabbage salad, coleslaw
beugelkroon	n	de · mv. beugelkronen	hoop crown
overspelig	a		adulterous
aankomeling	n	de · mv. aankomelingen	adolescent; newcomer, fledgling
baasspeler	n	de · mv. baasspelers	a bossy person, someone who often acts as if in charge
balbezit	n	het	possession (of the ball)
meerderheidsbelang	n	het · mv. meerderheidsbelangen	majority stake, majority interest
onaards	a		unnatural, unearthly
stoofvlees	n	het	slow-cooked meat
zeeslag	n	de · mv. zeeslagen	sea battle, naval battle; battleship
zeehoofd	n	het · mv. zeehoofden	a marine breakwater, a jetty or pier
vagebond	n	de · mv. vagebonden	vagabond, vagrant; scoundrel, rogue
vaatweefsel	n	het · mv. vaatweefsels	vascular tissue, venal tissue
fraseur	n	de · mv. fraseurs	a sweet-talker
bodembewoner	n	de · mv. bodembewoners	ground dweller, bottom dweller
insectivoor	n	de · mv. insectivoren	insectivore
insectivoor	a		insectivorous
plechtanker	n	het · mv. plechtankers	sheet anchor; last resort, last hope
notitieboek	n	het · mv. notitieboeken	notebook (book in which notes are written)
standerdkorenmolen	n	de · mv. standerdkorenmolens	a post mill used for milling grain
ijsveld	n	het · mv. ijsvelden	a large mass of ice with a large surface; usually a glacier
kathaai	n	de · mv. kathaaien	nursehound (Scyliorhinus stellaris); A catshark; any shark of the family Scyliorhinidae
Aldert	m		a male given name
peluw	n	de · mv. peluwen	a long, narrow pillow
onontgonnen	a		undeveloped, uncultivated (of land, natural resources)
strandpaviljoen	n	het · mv. strandpaviljoens	a beach restaurant or beach-side shop, often being a temporary building made…
paraboolduin	n	de · mv. paraboolduinen	a parabolic dune; a dune with little to no vegetation that has, as seen from…
vakantietoeslag	n	de · mv. vakantietoeslagen	holiday pay, holiday allowance
toeslag	n	de · mv. toeslagen	premium, charge, surcharge; entitlement, benefit, allowance, bonus
braamstruik	n	de · mv. braamstruiken	a blackberry bush, a blackberry shrub
humeus	a		humous
lamoen	n	het · mv. lamoenen	a horse-riding set-up with a beam and two shafts, to which a horse harness…
koperwerk	n	het · mv. koperwerken	copperware
theetuin	n	de · mv. theetuinen	a tea garden, an establishment with a garden where tea is served outdoors; an elegant (private) garden designed as a location for drinking tea; a roji
militieplicht	n	de · mv. militieplichten	conscription, since the late nineteenth century typically used for service…
militie	n	de · mv. milities	a militia
pleziervaart	n	de · mv. pleziervaarten	recreational sailing, recreational boating
rondvaartboot	n	de · mv. rondvaartboten	tour boat, excursion boat
zijdgeweer	n	het · mv. zijdgeweren	a melee sidearm, usually a dagger or blade weapon
doopsgezind	a		Mennonite (Anabaptist grouping)
menistisch	a		Mennonite (Anabaptist grouping)
vuurwapengevaarlijk	a		likely to use a firearm, armed and dangerous, trigger-happy
bezoedeling	n	de	sullying, besmirching
binnenpret	n	de	fun caused by reminiscing or amusing thoughts
interplanetair	a		interplanetary
koortsdroom	n	de · mv. koortsdromen	fever dream
dromenland	n	het	dreamland (imaginary world experienced while dreaming)
biofysisch	a		biophysical
insecteneter	n	de · mv. insecteneters	insectivore
bisjaar	n	het · mv. bisjaren	a school year in which a student repeats the same grade or year
waskeuken	n	de · mv. waskeukens	a scullery, used for washing in particular
sanctieregime	n	het · mv. sanctieregimes	regime of sanctions (often in either an international or a managerial context)
elfletterig	a		eleven-lettered
troetelnaam	n	de · mv. troetelnamen	pet name, (cute) nickname, name of endearment
hooiwagenkrab	n	de · mv. hooiwagenkrabben	any crab of the genus Macropodia
hooiwagen	n	de · mv. hooiwagens	a harvestman, an arachnid of the order Opiliones; a hay cart, a wagon full of hay
buffelkoe	n	de · mv. buffelkoeien	a buffalo cow, a female buffalo
buffelstier	n	de · mv. buffelstieren	a buffalo bull, a male buffalo
boeteprediker	n	de · mv. boetepredikers	a preacher of repentance, one who preaches that people should repent
onderzeevloot	n	de · mv. onderzeevloten	a submarine fleet, e.g. the submarine division of a navy
halfuur	n	het · mv. halfuren	half-hour, half an hour
pakkie-an	n	het	task, concern, chore, business (that which someone is tasked to do, that…; forte, one's strength (something in which one excels)
golftop	n	de · mv. golftoppen	a wave crest (in a liquid)
rustdag	n	de · mv. rustdagen	day of rest
karbonade	n	de · mv. karbonades	meat chop, cutlet (usually containing a piece of bone)
bufotoxine	n	de/het · mv. bufotoxines	bufotoxin
maagsap	n	het · mv. maagsappen	stomach juice
streepjescode	n	de · mv. streepjescodes	barcode
wereldmuziek	n	de	world music (blend of pop and traditional music)
dienstmeid	n	de · mv. dienstmeiden	maid, maidservant
geldsnoeier	n	de · mv. geldsnoeiers	a clipper; one who clips the edges of valuable coins
snoeier	n	de · mv. snoeiers	pruner (person who prunes)
gefeliciflapstaart	i		congratulations!
geflapstaart	i		congratulations!
brandweerkorps	n	het · mv. brandweerkorpsen	a fire brigade, a fire department (chiefly local organisation of fire fighters)
huiselijkheid	n	de	homeliness, coziness, folksiness; domesticity
lovenswaardig	a		praiseworthy, commendable
kwalificeren	v	kwalificeerde – gekwalificeerd	to qualify (to become competent or eligible for some position or task); to qualify (to describe or characterize something by listing its qualities)
darten	v	dartte – gedart	to play darts
boomstammetje	n	het · mv. boomstammetjes	a spiced mince roll containing ham and cheese, covered in bread crumb with…
boomlang	a		having the length of a tree, long as a tree
hoofdstam	n	de · mv. hoofdstammen	a main tree trunk; a main tribe; a high-ranking tribe or a higher level of tribal classification
mormoon	n	de · mv. mormonen	Mormon (adherent of Mormonism)
mormoons	a		Mormon (adherent of Mormonism)
lasterveldtocht	n	de · mv. lasterveldtochten	smear campaign, defamation campaign
lastercampagne	n	de · mv. lastercampagnes	smear campaign, defamation campaign
vluchtheuvel	n	de · mv. vluchtheuvels	a traffic island; a (usually artificial) hill used in the past as a refuge from flooding; a refuge
opnamestudio	n	de · mv. opnamestudio's	a recording studio
profvoetbal	n	het	professional association football
broederliefde	n	de	brotherly love, fraternal love
zusterliefde	n	de	sisterly love, sororal love
lerarenkamer	n	de · mv. lerarenkamers	a staff room for teachers in a school
heipaal	n	de · mv. heipalen	a pile (pole or beam driven into the ground as part of a foundation)
Gelderen	m		Geldern, Guelder (city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany)
bestuursvergadering	n	de · mv. bestuursvergaderingen	board meeting
emissiehandel	n	de	emissions trading
diklippig	a		thick-lipped
donderpreek	n	de · mv. donderpreken	a fire-and-brimstone sermon
slijtplek	n	de · mv. slijtplekken	a wear, a damaged spot
ademloos	a		breathless, out of breath
beatboxen	v	beatboxte – gebeatboxt	to beatbox
interneringskamp	n	het · mv. interneringskampen	an internment camp
strafkamp	n	het · mv. strafkampen	a penal camp, a prison camp, an internment camp (camp where civilians, esp.…
torenfort	n	het · mv. torenforten	a tower fort; a fortress in the shape of a short, usually circular tower, a…
halsader	n	de · mv. halsaderen	a jugular vein
schedelbasis	n	de · mv. schedelbases	the base of a skull, a cranial base
schandaalpers	n	de	yellow press
wijnpers	n	de · mv. wijnpersen	a winepress
loebas	n	de · mv. loebassen	a large, but clumsy or lethargic, often good-natured, dog, human or other animal
jaagtouw	n	het · mv. jaagtouwen	a tow line, a rope used to tug a boat (by someone or something on land)
politiehond	n	de · mv. politiehonden	a police dog
rijkspolitie	n	de	national police, a police branch operating nationally
inchoatief	a		inchoative
ingressief	a		ingressive
haagdoorn	n	de · mv. haagdoorns	synonym of meidoorn (“plant of species Crataegus, including hawthorn and…
sluierbewolking	n	de	a cloud cover consisting of thin, low-hanging clouds
sluier	n	de · mv. sluiers	a veil
veestapel	n	de · mv. veestapels	livestock population, livestock (total amount of livestock of a business,…
sluieren	v	sluierde – gesluierd	to veil, to cover with a veil
twistgesprek	n	het · mv. twistgesprekken	a dispute, an argument, a verbal controversy, in particular about political…
bliksemflits	n	de · mv. bliksemflitsen	a flash of lightning, a lightning
twistgierig	a		argumentative, bickersome
afvegen	v	veegde af – afgeveegd	to wipe off, to brush off
rijksstraatweg	n	de · mv. rijksstraatwegen	a paved public major road built by the government, typically during the…
waterstaatskerk	n	de · mv. waterstaatskerken	a nineteenth-century church built with government subsidy and inspected by…
afvallige	n	de · mv. afvalligen	an apostate, a renegade
borstwapen	n	het · mv. borstwapenen	chest armour
cautie	n	de · mv. cauties	a statement of one's rights during interrogation by law enforcement
huisgenote	n	de · mv. huisgenotes	a female housemate
medegevangene	n	de · mv. medegevangenen	a fellow prisoner, a coprisoner
kroongetuige	n	de · mv. kroongetuigen	a principal witness, a key witness; a crown witness (Britain), state witness, or collaborating witness, ie a…
dienaangaande	d		concerning that, regarding that
clandestien	a		clandestine
clandestien	d		clandestinely
eufonisch	n	de	euphonous
welluidendheid	n	de	euphony
middenstip	n	de · mv. middenstippen	centre spot, centre mark (on a sports field); a dot or spot on the centre of a body
buitenspel	n	het · mv. buitenspellen	an outdoor game, a game that is played outside; play outside; offside
buitenspel	d		offside
buitenspelval	n	de · mv. buitenspelvallen	offside trap
buikwand	n	de · mv. buikwanden	abdominal wall
bloemenvaas	n	de · mv. bloemenvazen	a flower vase
lezing	n	de · mv. lezingen	reading (act of); lecture; reading (of a text), passage (that is read)
bloementuin	n	de · mv. bloementuinen	a flower garden
houtsnijwerk	n	het · mv. houtsnijwerken	a wood carving or several wood carvings; something carved from wood; the art of wood carving
beeldsnijwerk	n	het · mv. beeldsnijwerken	one or more carved artefacts; carved statuary
onttronen	v	onttroonde – onttroond	to dethrone
aanstrepen	v	streepte aan – aangestreept	to mark with a line
weerkerk	n	de · mv. weerkerken	a fortified church (church with fortified walls, serving as a fortification)
kerkburcht	n	de · mv. kerkburchten	a fortress church (church surrounded by a fortified perimeter wall)
wieldop	n	de · mv. wieldoppen	wheel cover, hubcap
oordop	n	de · mv. oordoppen	earplug (hearing protection); ear bud (small earphone)
waterschoen	n	de · mv. waterschoenen	a water shoe (shoe intended for use in water)
groeikracht	n	de · mv. groeikrachten	the capability or potential to grow
bootgraf	n	het · mv. bootgraven	a boat grave (burial in a boat)
melkbrood	n	het · mv. melkbroden	any bread whose dough has milk as an ingredient
flipperkast	n	de · mv. flipperkasten	a pinball machine; pinball
krijgsman	n	de · mv. krijgsmannen	a male warrior
geloofwaardig	a		credible
matglas	n	het	matt glass, matte glass; ground or frosted glass
matglazen	a		made of matt (matte) glass
atoomwapen	n	het · mv. atoomwapens	atomic weapon
cruiseboot	n	de · mv. cruiseboten	a cruise boat
partijleider	n	de · mv. partijleiders	a party leader, formal or de facto leader of a political party
lijstverbinding	n	de · mv. lijstverbindingen	a type of electoral alliance in which separate political lists pool their…
kroonprinses	n	de · mv. kroonprinsessen	crown princess (female heir apparent of an empire, kingdom or princely state)
kinderfiets	n	de · mv. kinderfietsen	a children's bicycle
kinderoffer	n	het · mv. kinderoffers	a child sacrifice
kinderhandel	n	de	child trafficking
kindertehuis	n	het · mv. kindertehuizen	children's home, orphanage (institution where children, e.g. orphans or…
gillerig	a		prone to shrieking or screaming
urinebuis	n	de · mv. urinebuizen	urethra
gifstof	n	de · mv. gifstoffen	toxin, toxic substance
smetstof	n	de · mv. smetstoffen	a germ, a pathogen
spongat	n	het · mv. spongaten	a bunghole
blaasontsteking	n	de · mv. blaasontstekingen	bladder infection, cystitis
urethraal	a		urethral
breekwater	n	de/het · mv. breekwaters	breakwater
zeebreker	n	de · mv. zeebrekers	breakwater
rondvaart	n	de · mv. rondvaarten	a boat excursion, a short cruise, a round trip on the water
microbisch	a		microbic
gokkast	n	de · mv. gokkasten	a slot machine, a gambling machine
rosmolen	n	de · mv. rosmolens	a horse mill
rosoliemolen	n	de · mv. rosoliemolens	a horse-driven oil mill
oliemolen	n	de · mv. oliemolens	an oil mill
fruitautomaat	n	de · mv. fruitautomaten	a fruit machine, a slot machine with images of fruits
rijksweg	n	de · mv. rijkswegen	a road built and maintained under national authority
wegennet	n	het · mv. wegennetten	road network
rondweg	n	de · mv. rondwegen	bypass, ring road
rondweg	d		synonym of ronduit
ringweg	n	de · mv. ringwegen	bypass, ring road
huilerig	a		weepy, prone to crying
huilerigheid	n	de	weepiness, proclivity to crying
ziektekiem	n	de · mv. ziektekiemen	a germ, a pathogen
hartritmestoornis	n	de · mv. hartritmestoornissen	arrhythmia
hartritme	n	het · mv. hartritmes	heart rate, cardiac rhythm, heart rhythm
postzegelverzamelaar	n	de · mv. postzegelverzamelaars	stamp collector, philatelist
tegencoup	n	de · mv. tegencoups	countercoup
ritssluiting	n	de · mv. ritssluitingen	zip fastener, zip, zipper
passaatwind	n	de · mv. passaatwinden	a trade wind in the Atlantic or Indian Ocean; usually an easterly in the…
dijzig	a		foggy, drab, misty
travaat	n	de · mv. travaten	a short storm with heavy rainfall and thunderstorms, usually before the…
pseudowetenschap	n	de · mv. pseudowetenschappen	pseudoscience, pseudoscholarship
euthanaseren	v	euthanaseerde – geëuthanaseerd	to euthanise, to administer euthanasia to
travadig	a		suddenly and briefly stormy with heavy rainfall
toiletartikel	n	het · mv. toiletartikelen	a toiletry, an item used for personal hygiene or grooming
paardenfluisteraar	n	de · mv. paardenfluisteraars	a horse whisperer (empathetic horse trainer)
fluisteraar	n	de · mv. fluisteraars	a whisperer (one who whispers)
komiekeling	n	de · mv. komiekelingen	a funny person, a joker, a japester
grappenmaker	n	de · mv. grappenmakers	a joker, one who makes jokes; a prankster, a japester; a funny person
zaadbank	n	de · mv. zaadbanken	a sperm bank; a bank on the seabed with a high concentration of mussel larvae
zadenbank	n	de · mv. zadenbanken	a seed bank, a seed vault
taptemelk	n	de	decreamed low-fat milk
fluitconcert	n	het · mv. fluitconcerten	a flute concerto; a supporters' chorus of jeering, whistling and booing
doorkoelen	v	koelde door – doorgekoeld	to thoroughly cool (down); to breeze, to begin or continue to blow with a strong wind
cannabist	n	de · mv. cannabisten	a (frequent) cannabis user
doodsgevaar	n	het · mv. doodsgevaren	mortal danger, lethal danger
levensgevaar	n	het · mv. levensgevaren	mortal danger, lethal danger
labbekak	n	de · mv. labbekakken	a weak, faint-hearted, effete or cowardly man
franciscaan	n	de · mv. franciscanen	a Franciscan, typically a male Franciscan monk
franciscaans	a		Franciscan
franciscaner	a		Franciscan
franciscaner	n	de · mv. franciscaners	a Franciscan
kabelspoorweg	n	de · mv. kabelspoorwegen	cableway, funicular track
boerenomelet	n	de · mv. boerenomeletten	an omelette containing sliced bell peppers, various vegetables and often…
knokkelkoorts	n	de · mv. knokkelkoortsen	dengue
zelfreferentie	n	de · mv. zelfreferenties	self-reference
strikvraag	n	de · mv. strikvragen	trick question
onverklaarbaar	a		inexplicable, unexplainable
naftbak	n	de · mv. naftbakken	fuel tank
strafrechtadvocaat	n	de · mv. strafrechtadvocaten	a defence counsel or defense lawyer specialised in criminal law
tegenstaatsgreep	n	de · mv. tegenstaatsgrepen	countercoup
contracoup	n	de · mv. contracoups	countercoup
Woldberg	m		a hill formed by push moraines in north-eastern Gelderland, near Epe and Wezep; a small hill in northern Overijssel, near Steenwijk
pathogeen	a		pathogenic
pathogeen	n	de · mv. pathogenen	a pathogen
stukloon	n	het · mv. stuklonen	piece rate
stukwerk	n	het	piece work
kleileem	n	het	clay loam
Boreaal	m		Boreal (first Blytt-Sernander stage of the Holocene)
strafadvocaat	n	de · mv. strafadvocaten	a defence counsel or defense lawyer specialised in criminal law
strafpleiter	n	de · mv. strafpleiters	a defence counsel or defense lawyer specialised in criminal law
klappersteen	n	de · mv. klapperstenen	a usually hollow loam stone containing an iron core
supercel	n	de · mv. supercellen	a supercell (rotating thunderstorm)
stuwwal	n	de · mv. stuwwallen	a push moraine (mound formed by land ice pushing sediment into a pile)
couppleger	n	de · mv. coupplegers	a putschist, one who perpetrates a coup d'état
staatsgrijper	n	de · mv. staatsgrijpers	a putschist
koevanger	n	de · mv. koevangers	a pilot, a cow catcher; a bullbar, a large metal bumper
boerenzwaluw	n	de · mv. boerenzwaluwen	barn swallow (Hirundo rustica)
uiterwaard	n	de · mv. uiterwaarden	a flood plain, a portion of land unprotected by dikes that is usually dry…
pollenzone	n	de · mv. pollenzones	a pollen zone (stratigraphic zone based on the analysis of pollen cores,…
wildebras	n	de · mv. wildebrassen	a tomboy, an unruly, obstreperous child
jonassen	v	jonaste – gejonast	to grab (someone) by the hands and feet and swing or throw (him or her)…
zinsverbijstering	n	de · mv. zinsverbijsteringen	temporary incapacity of processing sense data or sometimes also of using…
aftocht	n	de · mv. aftochten	retreat, withdrawal
kunsthars	n	de/het · mv. kunstharsen	synthetic resin
palfrenier	n	de · mv. palfreniers	a coach attendant, a servant and driver of a carriage; a stablehand
rationalistisch	a		rationalist (according to rationalism, in the manner of rationalists)
palefroot	n	de · mv. palefroten	a palfrey (type of small horse)
vegavlees	n	het	vegetarian or vegan substitutes for meat
vleesvervanger	n	de · mv. vleesvervangers	a vegetarian or vegan substitute for meat
vegarestaurant	n	het · mv. vegarestaurants	a vegetarian restaurant (restaurant exclusively serving food without meat)
vegamenu	n	het · mv. vegamenu's	a vegetarian menu (list or set of vegetarian dishes)
cremeren	v	cremeerde – gecremeerd	to cremate
lijkverbranding	n	de · mv. lijkverbrandingen	cremation
verassing	n	de · mv. verassingen	cremation; incineration, burning to ashes
pulmonair	a		pulmonary
grondelen	v	grondelde – gegrondeld	to dabble; to submerge one's head in order to forage while one's rear…
remschoen	n	de · mv. remschoenen	brake shoe
Venetiaan	n	de · mv. Venetianen	a Venetian, an inhabitant or native of Venice
Venetiaan	m		a surname
droefgeestig	a		dolorous, sad, sombre
kalktuf	n	de/het · mv. kalktuffen	tufa (type of limestone)
weervast	a		weather-resistant
venusziekte	n	de · mv. venusziekten	a venereal disease, an STD
blaasjeskruid	n	het · mv. blaasjeskruiden	bladderwort, plant of the genus Utricularia (the plural is typically used…
vliegenvanger	n	de · mv. vliegenvangers	a flycatcher, muscicapid; a bird of the family Muscicapidae; Venus flytrap (Dionaea muscipula)
baroe	n	de · mv. baroeën	greenhorn, newbie
modderbank	n	de · mv. modderbanken	a mud bank (raised deposit of mud, especially in or near water)
wilskrachtig	a		displaying or relating to willpower; strong-willed
woonoord	n	het · mv. woonoorden	a residence, a place where one lives
strandmeer	n	het · mv. strandmeren	lagoon
zeestaat	n	de · mv. zeestaten	a sea state; a marine, naval state
oliestaat	n	de · mv. oliestaten	an oil state, a petrostate; a state of the United States that is a major producer of oil
devotie	n	de · mv. devoties	devotion, piety; an act of worship, a religious mass or service
paalwoning	n	de · mv. paalwoningen	pile dwelling
onderhorig	a		subject, subservient, subordinate
feodaal	a		feudal
beschermeling	n	de · mv. beschermelingen	a protégé
geloofsijver	n	de	religious zeal
roomklopper	n		cream whipper, whisk
genotsmiddel	n	het · mv. genotsmiddelen	a recreational drug, a stimulant
soenniet	n	de · mv. soennieten	a Sunni Muslim, a Sunnite
soennitisch	a		Sunni, Sunnite
soennisme	n	het	Sunni Islam, Sunnism
sjiiet	n	de · mv. sjiieten	a Shi'a Muslim, a Shiite
munster	n	het · mv. munsters	cathedral church
pleitbezorger	n	de · mv. pleitbezorgers	advocate, barrister, counsel; advocate, one who speaks or writes in support of something
beginlettergreep	n	de · mv. beginlettergrepen	initial syllable, first syllable of a word (or, rarely, morpheme)
toupeerkam	n	de · mv. toupeerkammen	a teasing comb
aanspreekvorm	n	de · mv. aanspreekvormen	style of address, title of address
koppelteken	n	het · mv. koppeltekens	hyphen, used to join two or more words to form a compound term
Akens	a		of, from or pertaining to Aachen
Zimbabwaan	n	de · mv. Zimbabwanen	Zimbabwean
Kosovaar	n	de · mv. Kosovaren	a Kosovar, a Kosovan
taboewoord	n	het · mv. taboewoorden	a taboo word
maanlander	n	de · mv. maanlanders	moon lander
schandaleus	a		scandalous
seriemoord	n	de · mv. seriemoorden	serial killing
Vikingschip	n	het · mv. Vikingschepen	Viking ship
landdag	n	de · mv. landdagen	a national convention or conference of a membership-based organisation
ikzelf	r		myself
achilleshiel	n	de · mv. achilleshielen	Achilles heel, the Achilles tendon; Achilles heel, a vulnerability
wijsneus	n	de · mv. wijsneuzen	know-it-all
welker	r		whose, of whom; to which, to whom
afritsbroek	n	de · mv. afritsbroeken	zip-off trousers
insgelijks	d		likewise (said in reply to a well-wish)
zulks	r		such
uitleiden	v	leidde uit – uitgeleid	to lead out
veerkracht	n	de	resilience; elasticity
belangstellen	n	mv. stellen belang	to be interested
tegenwerking	n	de	opposition
achterstallig	a		overdue
goedhartig	a		good-hearted
opofferen	v	offerde op – opgeofferd	to sacrifice, offer up
spaarzaamheid	n	de	frugality
koddig	a		droll
zondigen	v	zondigde – gezondigd	to sin, to commit sin
nasporing	n	de · mv. nasporingen	investigation
tarwemeel	n	het	wheat flour
heirbaan	n	de · mv. heirbanen	main road, especially when officially open for international trade
evenredigheid	n	de · mv. evenredigheden	proportionality
vermakelijkheid	n	de · mv. vermakelijkheden	entertainment, something entertaining; the quality of being entertaining
ontvankelijkheid	n	de	receptivity
geestigheid	n	de · mv. geestigheden	witticism
gedwongenheid	n	de	contrivedness
ongedwongenheid	n	de	unforcedness
erfelijkheid	n	de · mv. erfelijkheden	heredity; heritability
eerbaar	a		honorable
eerbaarheid	n	de	respectability, decency
dubbelhartigheid	n	de	duplicity
diepzinnigheid	n	de	profundity, depth
deftigheid	n	de · mv. deftigheden	poshness, stylishness
bezadigd	a		sedate
bezadigdheid	n	de	sedateness
bevalligheid	n	de · mv. bevalligheden	gracefulness
baldadigheid	n	de · mv. baldadigheden	rowdyism; mischief
aanhankelijk	a		affectionate
aanhankelijkheid	n	de · mv. aanhankelijkheden	affection
hebbelijk	a		appropriate, decent, proper
hebbelijkheid	n	de · mv. hebbelijkheden	habit, mannerism
hartelijkheid	n	de · mv. hartelijkheden	cordiality
gemeenzaamheid	n	de · mv. gemeenzaamheden	familiarity, intimacy; colloquialism
stiptheid	n	de	punctuality
schroomvallig	a		timid
schroomvalligheid	n	de	timidity
scherpzinnigheid	n	de · mv. scherpzinnigheden	perspicacity
preutsheid	n	de · mv. preutsheden	prudeness
overgevoelig	a		oversensitive; allergic
overgevoeligheid	n	de · mv. overgevoeligheden	oversensitivity; allergy
onzedelijk	a		immoral
onzedelijkheid	n	de · mv. onzedelijkheden	immorality
losheid	n	de	looseness
koddigheid	n	de · mv. koddigheden	drollness
kiesheid	n	de · mv. kiesheden	discretion
hoffelijkheid	n	de · mv. hoffelijkheden	courtesy
ongerijmd	a		absurd; not rhymed
ongerijmdheid	n	de · mv. ongerijmdheden	absurdity
zorgeloosheid	n	de · mv. zorgeloosheden	carelessness
zachtheid	n	de	softness
welsprekend	a		eloquent
welsprekendheid	n	de	eloquence
vuiligheid	n	de · mv. vuiligheden	filth
vlugheid	n	de · mv. vlugheden	quickness
viesheid	n	de · mv. viesheden	dirtiness
vatbaarheid	n	de	susceptibility
afzetterij	n	de · mv. afzetterijen	rip-off; extortion
oplichterij	n	de · mv. oplichterijen	swindle, scam
wanverhouding	n	de · mv. wanverhoudingen	disproportion
erewoord	n	het · mv. erewoorden	word of honor
derderangs	a		of inferior quality, mediocre
voois	n	de · mv. vooizen	melody, tune; voice
thuisvaarder	n	de · mv. thuisvaarders	a vessel or a person that sails home or intends (is intended) to do so
overwerk	n	het	work done in overtime, overwork
overwerken	v	werkte over – overgewerkt	to work overtime; to rework, to work on (something) that has already been done; to overwork, to get overworked
gekkin	n	de · mv. gekkinnen	a madwoman, a crazy woman
zottin	n	de · mv. zottinnen	a madwoman, a crazy woman
smurfen	v	smurfte – gesmurft	to smurf
oberin	n	de · mv. oberinnen	waitress
zeemeerman	n	de · mv. zeemeermannen	merman
moraliseren	v	moraliseerde – gemoraliseerd	to moralize
gemalin	n	de · mv. gemalinnen	wife with an important role, important female spouse, consort
markiezin	n	de · mv. markiezinnen	marchioness (female marquess; wife of a marquess)
eega	n	de · mv. eega's	spouse, married partner
stoethaspel	n	de · mv. stoethaspels	a clumsy person; a galoot, klutz, butterfingers
taalbond	n	de · mv. taalbonden	a language association; a sprachbund
landverhuizen	n	het	emigration, migration
landverhuizen	v	landverhuisde – landverhuisd	to emigrate, to migrate
landverhuizing	n	de · mv. landverhuizingen	emigration, migration
elfenbank	n	de · mv. elfenbanken	fungus of the genus Trametes, especially Trametes versicolor, the turkey tail
dagtekenen	v	dagtekende – gedagtekend	to date (to mark with a date); to date (to recognisably originate from a certain time)
vooi	n	de · mv. vooien	female rabbit
landzaat	n	de · mv. landzaten	a farmer, a peasant; an inhabitant
avondbrood	n	het	a supper where bread is the main food
ijzervarken	n	het · mv. ijzervarkens	porcupine
kloekmoedig	a		brave, courageous, bold
hondsdagen	n		dog days
zienswaardig	a		worth seeing
zienswaardigheid	n	de · mv. zienswaardigheden	tourist attraction
vuistbijl	n	de · mv. vuistbijlen	hand axe, biface (primitive axe without a handle)
nabuurlijk	a		neighbourly
maanlanding	n	de · mv. maanlandingen	moon landing
spreeuwenkist	n	de · mv. spreeuwenkisten	a contraption that makes sounds (used for radios, loudspeakers, televisions…
aanbetrouwen	v	betrouwde aan – aanbetrouwd	to entrust
klunzen	v	klunsde – geklunsd	to act clumsily, to do one's work in a clumsy way
beurtman	n	de · mv. beurtlieden	a line ship for inland transportation of passengers and freight according to…
beurtschip	n	het · mv. beurtschepen	a line ship for inland transportation of passengers and freight according to…
bloempap	n	de	a porridge made of flour and milk
blauwbok	n	de · mv. blauwbokken	bluebuck, Hippotragus leucophaeus
blokhuis	n	het · mv. blokhuizen	a blockhouse (wooden stand-alone fortification); a log cabin
schoelje	n	de · mv. schoeljes	crook, thug, hoodlum; rascal, tomboy
vogelkenner	n	de · mv. vogelkenners	a bird expert, e.g. a knowledgeable bird enthusiast
ravelijn	n	het · mv. ravelijnen	a ravelin; an outwork with two faces, like a lunette or redan
legerofficier	n	de · mv. legerofficieren	an army officer
doornat	a		drenched, thoroughly wet, wet through and through
irriteren	v	irriteerde – geïrriteerd	to annoy, to irritate, to bother
verzanden	v	verzandde – verzand	to clog with sand; to cover with sand; to become stuck, to bog down
kievitsei	n	het · mv. kievitseieren	an egg of the northern lapwing
brandzalf	n	de · mv. brandzalven	a balm used to treat burns
surfplank	n	de · mv. surfplanken	surfboard
Vaal	m		the Vaal river
Pieternella	m		a female given name from Latin
Pieternel	m		a female given name, alternative form of Pieternella
legionairsbacterie	n	de · mv. legionairsbacteriën	legionella, bacterium of the genus Legionella
legionairsziekte	n	de	Legionnaires' disease
afmergelen	v	mergelde af – afgemergeld	to exhaust, to emaciate
uitmergelen	v	mergelde uit – uitgemergeld	to exhaust; to emaciate
vergiettest	n	de · mv. vergiettesten	colander
doolweg	n	de · mv. doolwegen	a misleading path or road, the wrong path
steenwortel	n	de · mv. steenwortels	common polypody, Polypodium vulgare; chiefly in relation to its rhizome
eikvaren	n	de · mv. eikvarens	polypody, fern of the genus Polypodium
buitenmoeder	n	de · mv. buitenmoeders	a regentess belonging to the governing board of an orphanage
aperij	n	de · mv. aperijen	buffoonery, zany or silly antics; copycat behaviour, imitation
ankerplaats	n	de · mv. ankerplaatsen	anchorage
cd-rom	n	de · mv. cd-roms	a CD-ROM
vervaardheid	n	de	fright, trepidation
dadelvrucht	n	de · mv. dadelvruchten	a date fruit
gleufdier	n	het · mv. gleufdieren	a woman, in particular when portrayed as a sex object
immuuncomplex	n	het · mv. immuuncomplexen	immune complex
productieketen	n	de · mv. productieketens	supply chain
eurofobie	n	de	Europhobia, anti-Europeanism (political opposition to the European Union)
dactylisch	a		dactylic
anapestisch	a		anapestic
amfibrachys	n	de · mv. amfibrachen	amphibrach
vershoudfolie	n	het	clingfilm (esp. when used for wrapping food)
huishoudfolie	n	het	clingfilm
amfibrachisch	a		amphibrachic
ijsreus	n	de · mv. ijsreuzen	ice giant, frost giant (mythological creature); ice giant (icy giant planet)
woudreus	n	de · mv. woudreuzen	giant tree, towering tree
rijpreus	n	de · mv. rijpreuzen	frost giant, ice giant
rijmreus	n	de · mv. rijmreuzen	ice giant, frost giant
vorstreus	n	de · mv. vorstreuzen	frost giant, ice giant
Hottentottin	n	de · mv. Hottentottinnen	a Khoekhoe woman
dorpsschool	n	de · mv. dorpsscholen	a village school
Smeerenburg	m		a former whaling outpost, built in the 17th century by the Dutch on…
calciumoxide	n	het	calcium oxide (quicklime)
Chinezin	n	de · mv. Chinezinnen	a Chinese woman
meeneemchinees	n	de · mv. meeneemchinezen	Chinese takeaway (Chinese takeaway restaurant); Chinese takeaway (food)
boudeling	n	de · mv. boudelingen	a bold person, a daredevil
brandschade	n	de · mv. brandschades	damage caused by fire, fire damage
rotszwaluw	n	de · mv. rotszwaluwen	Eurasian crag martin (Ptyonoprogne rupestris)
steppearend	n	de · mv. steppearenden	steppe eagle (Aquila nipalensis)
ooggetuige	n	de · mv. ooggetuigen	eyewitness
Dit	m		a diminutive of the female given name Dirkje
hakkelen	v	hakkelde – gehakkeld	to hack, to chop, to mince (to cut into small pieces); to stutter, to stammer
Ingoesjetië	m		Ingushetia (a republic and federal subject of Russia in the Caucasus)
hitparade	n	de · mv. hitparades	a hit parade, a list or ranking of hit songs
pantoffelparade	n	de · mv. pantoffelparades	a large number of ambling flaneurs, congregating at certain times (esp. on…
reageerbuis	n	de · mv. reageerbuizen	test tube
pafzak	n	de · mv. pafzakken	chunker, tubbo (slur for an obese person)
vierdaags	a		lasting or consisting of four days, four-day
vierdaagse	n	de · mv. vierdaagsen	a four-day episodal race, contest or sports event; a four-day trip or other event
kuitenparade	n	de · mv. kuitenparades	an occasion, often a gathering, where people show their "bare" calves (that…
paradepaard	n	het · mv. paradepaarden	a parade horse; something that one likes to talk about, show off or raise as a subject; a…
takelage	n	de · mv. takelages	the rigging of a ship, the equipment encompassing ropes and tackles
aanstoffen	v	stofte aan – aangestoft	to dust, to remove dust from
woekerhypotheek	n	de · mv. woekerhypotheken	a usurious mortgage
bijbelhaak	n	de · mv. bijbelhaken	square bracket
bultzak	n	de · mv. bultzakken	a bag functioning as a pillow or mattress, often filled with straw but…
tintinofiel	n	de · mv. tintinofielen	a Tintin fan
jakkie	i		Expression of disgust or revulsion: yuck, ew, bah
offeraar	n	de · mv. offeraars	a sacrificer, one who offers a sacrifice
godenspijs	n	het	ambrosia
tegenwind	n	de · mv. tegenwinden	headwind
rugwind	n	de · mv. rugwinden	tailwind
aftronen	v	troonde af – afgetroond	to cadge, to blag, to wheedle; to lure away
barbierster	n	de · mv. barbiersters	a female barber
vrouwenvoetbal	n	het	women's football
mannenvoetbal	n	het	men's football
stippelmot	n	de · mv. stippelmotten	an ermine moth, moth of the family Yponomeutidae
handbal	n	het	handball (European handball); a handball used in European handball
korfbal	n	het	korfball (team ballgame in which one scores by throwing the ball into a basket); a ball used in korfball
korfballen	v	korfbalde – gekorfbald	to play korfball
stressbal	n	de · mv. stressballen	a stress ball
zijpad	n	het · mv. zijpaden	a bypath, a small(er) path that goes in a different direction, e.g. trails…
dagregister	n	het · mv. dagregisters	a journal, an official diary
blauwborst	n	de · mv. blauwborsten	bluethroat (Luscinia svecica)
asfaltweg	n	de · mv. asfaltwegen	an asphalt road, a tarmac road
asfalteren	v	asfalteerde – geasfalteerd	to asphalt, to pave with asphalt
assurantie	n	de · mv. assurantiën	an insurance against damage or loss
blasfematorisch	a		blasphemous
doorscheuren	v	scheurde door – doorgescheurd	to tear apart, to completely separate by tearing; to continue driving at breakneck speed
justitiabel	a		justiciable, subject or accountable to (a particular type or domain of) law
broodnodig	a		essential, badly needed
doodstrijd	n	de · mv. doodstrijden	a fight to the death, a struggle or battle of life and death; death throes
voorbillen	n		vulva, vagina; front bottom
pioen	n	de · mv. pioenen	a peony, a plant of the genus Paeonia
eerherstel	n	het · mv. eerherstellen	rehabilitation, restoring someone's good name
cisvrouw	n	de · mv. cisvrouwen	a cis woman
notenolie	n	de	nut oil
evenmens	n	de · mv. evenmensen	fellow human
braakwijn	n	de · mv. braakwijnen	an emetic mixed with wine
linnengoed	n	het	linens
gezindte	n	de · mv. gezindten	religious denomination
motorvoertuig	n	het · mv. motorvoertuigen	motorised vehicle
buitenboord	d		outboard
buitenboord	n	de · mv. buitenboords	an outboard motor; a boat with an outboard motor; an outer border, an outer rim
transmens	n	de · mv. transmensen	a trans person
transpersoon	n	de · mv. transpersonen	a trans person
oenemeloen	n	de · mv. oenemeloenen	a dumb or silly person; an oaf, a doodoohead
wegwerpluier	n	de · mv. wegwerpluiers	a disposable nappy, a disposable diaper
bindgaren	n	het	twine, cord, string
pandjesjas	n	de · mv. pandjesjassen	a tailcoat
Alaan	n	de · mv. Alanen	Alan (member of a Sarmatian tribe)
boeverij	n	de · mv. boeverijen	criminal acts, criminal activity; criminal action, criminal deed
afgooien	v	gooide af – afgegooid	to throw off (to throw something of oneself, to remove from one's body by…; to throw out (to make someone go out of a game by throwing and hitting); to throw off (to make something fall down by throwing)
koopjesjager	n	de · mv. koopjesjagers	a bargain hunter
jaagster	n	de · mv. jaagsters	huntress
straaljager	n	de · mv. straaljagers	a jet fighter, a fighter jet (combat aeroplane with a jet engine)
straalmotor	n	de · mv. straalmotoren	a jet engine
motoriseren	v	motoriseerde – gemotoriseerd	to motorise
oliebaron	n	de · mv. oliebaronnen	oil baron
bloedbroeder	n	de · mv. bloedbroeders	blood brother (friend with whom one has ceremonially shared blood)
kassucces	n	het · mv. kassuccessen	blockbuster, sales hit
voorste	a		foremost; first
voorste	n	de · mv. voorsten	foremost one, the one most in front; first one
dwarsligger	n	de · mv. dwarsliggers	an obstructor, a hinderer, an obstructionist (one who is uncooperative and…; a sleeper, a railroad tie; a small book with its text aligned parallel to the spine
mediwiet	n	de	medical cannabis
hasjiesj	n	de	hashish, hash
zandstralen	v	zandstraalde – gezandstraald	to sandblast
afspitten	v	spitte af – afgespit	to excavate, to remove (material) from (by digging)
beenbreuk	n	de · mv. beenbreuken	a bone fracture
lul-de-behanger	n	de · mv. lul-de-behangers	a clumsy man, a male bungler
behanger	n	de · mv. behangers	a wallpaperer, a paperer
schaatsenrijden	v		to ice-skate
assuradeur	n	de · mv. assuradeurs	an insurer, an insurance agent; generally related to insurances against…
dorpspriester	n	de · mv. dorpspriesters	a village priest; generally a Roman Catholic priest (unlike the rare…
dorpsgeestelijke	n	de · mv. dorpsgeestelijken	a village cleric
karaktermoord	n	de · mv. karaktermoorden	character assassination
groothoeklens	n	de · mv. groothoeklenzen	wide-angle lens
stroomstoot	n	de · mv. stroomstoten	an electric shock
fasciatie	n	de · mv. fasciaties	fasciation, cresting (abnormal plant growth)
Afsluitdijk	m		the dike separating the IJsselmeer (which was the Zuiderzee before its…
zeedijk	n	de · mv. zeedijken	a dike that serves as a seawall
damastbloem	n	de · mv. damastbloemen	damask violet, dame's rocket (Hesperis matronalis)
afstellen	v	stelde af – afgesteld	to adjust, to tune
frenologie	n	de	phrenology
phrenologie	n	de	dated spelling of frenologie
christologie	n	de · mv. christologieën	Christology (domain of Christian theology concerning Christ); Christology (particular Christological theory or perspective)
aandoenlijk	a		moving, touching (stirring one's emotion, especially pity, sadness and empathy)
schoenbekooievaar	n	de · mv. schoenbekooievaars	shoebill (Balaeniceps rex)
boerendeur	n	de · mv. boerendeuren	a Dutch door
zoölogisch	a		zoological
Galaat	n	de · mv. Galaten	a Galatian (member of the Celtic population in Anatolia)
Galaten	m		Galatians (epistle in the New Testament)
Iberen	n		the ancient Iberians
Iberiër	n	de · mv. Iberiërs	an Iberian
liefhebberen	v	liefhebberde – geliefhebberd	to dabble [with in ‘in’], to practice as a dilettante, to engage in dilettantism
knetterstoned	a		very stoned (highly intoxicated by drugs other than alcohol)
Noordwestblok	m		North-West Block (hypothetical prehistoric cultural region in present-day…
kuieren	v	kuierde – gekuierd	to walk leisurely, to gad, to gallivant
fijnproever	n	de · mv. fijnproevers	a food connoisseur, a gourmet (one who appreciate quality food); a connoisseur (one with a refined taste)
mondstuk	n	het · mv. mondstukken	a mouthpiece (of e.g. a medical or musical instrument)
mensenrechtenschending	n	de · mv. mensenrechtenschendingen	human rights violation
uitdraaien	v	draaide uit – uitgedraaid	to shut off by turning or rotating something, such as a wheel; to remove by turning or rotating; to come down to
doodsklok	n	de · mv. doodsklokken	a passing bell
berichtgeving	n	de · mv. berichtgevingen	notice, reporting; reporting, coverage
Volkslatijn	m		Vulgar Latin
vreemdelingenhaat	n	de	xenophobia
bemoediging	n	de · mv. bemoedigingen	encouragement
doorkoud	a		cold through and through, thoroughly cold
cijfermeester	n	de · mv. cijfermeesters	someone who manages accounts for an institution; an auditor, an accountant
dampkogel	n	de · mv. dampkogels	a bag filled with slow-burning substance used as a projectile to generate…
aluinaarde	n	de	alundum, alumina (aluminium oxide)
zigzaggen	v	zigzagde – gezigzagd	to zigzag
bijlvechter	n	de · mv. bijlvechters	an axe fighter, an axeman
kranssalie	n	de	lilac sage (Salvia verticillata)
haarspeld	n	de · mv. haarspelden	hairpin
haarnaald	n	de · mv. haarnaalden	hairpin
haarspeldbocht	n	de · mv. haarspeldbochten	a hairpin bend, a hairpin turn
buurmeisje	n	het · mv. buurmeisjes	a girl living in the same neighbourhood, a girl next-door
aanspelden	v	speldde aan – aangespeld	to pin to, to affix by pinning
koraaldier	n	het · mv. koraaldieren	a coral, micro-organism of the class Anthozoa
tangconstructie	n	de · mv. tangconstructies	a grammatical construct, common in Dutch and German, in which separable…
normaalkracht	n	de · mv. normaalkrachten	normal force
strijdkracht	n	de · mv. strijdkrachten	a military unit; (in the plural) armed forces; one's capability or readiness to fight
zijd	a		side, wide, vast
zijd	d		widely, broadly, vastly
Prins	m		a surname
zelfverminking	n	de · mv. zelfverminkingen	self-mutilation, self-harm
potverdorie	i		dang, darned
loeder	n	het · mv. loeders	a nasty person or animal; a bitch, a nasty woman (or female animal)
polygoon	n	de · mv. polygonen	polygon
indruisen	v	druiste in – ingedruist	to go against [with in], to be incompatible [with tegen ‘with’], to clash
betovergrootmoeder	n	de · mv. betovergrootmoeders	great-great-grandmother
betovergrootvader	n	de · mv. betovergrootvaders	great-great-grandfather
kwartierdrager	n	de · mv. kwartierdragers	a proband (subject of genealogical study)
kwartierstaat	n	de · mv. kwartierstaten	an Ahnentafel (genealogical chart)
probeersel	n	het · mv. probeersels	something that has been or is being tried out or the result thereof; a test,…
smeersel	n	het · mv. smeersels	ointment, balm; (pharmacy) liquid emulsion; spread (type of food designed to be spread)
digraaf	n	de · mv. digrafen	a digraph (pair of letters/graphemes representing one sound/phoneme) 
ligatuur	n	de · mv. ligaturen	a ligature (character combining multiple letters); a ligature (musical symbol connecting multiple notes); a ligature (something blocking the flow of a fluid in a body)
jachtseizoen	n	het · mv. jachtseizoenen	hunting season
pleegzuster	n	de · mv. pleegzusters	a foster sister
kasplant	n	de · mv. kasplanten	a plant grown in a greenhouse; a person in a vegetative state or a brain-dead person, a vegetable, a cabbage
peuterspeelzaal	n	de · mv. peuterspeelzalen	an educational institution (nursery school) for children usually aged 2 to…
dwarsbomen	v	dwarsboomde – gedwarsboomd	to thwart, frustrate, get in the way of (block or hamper a course of action)
overmorgenochtend	d		in the morning of the day after tomorrow
prijsschieten	n	het	a shooting game in which a prize is awarded to the best performer(s); an occasion where people (often haphazardly) gang up to engage in…
eurocrisis	m		Eurocrisis (Eurozone crisis in the wake of the Great Recession)
boekbeschouwer	n	de · mv. boekbeschouwers	a book reviewer
bediller	n	de · mv. bedillers	one who patronises, a patronising critic
uurloon	n	het · mv. uurlonen	hourly wages
dienstknecht	n	de · mv. dienstknechten	servant
bovenwereld	n	de	the community of law-abiding people, the overworld; Heaven, an afterlife or domain above the everyday world
nawee	n	de · mv. naweeën	afterpain (pain after childbirth caused by contractions); lingering negative result; lingering pain
contemporair	a		contemporary
schizofreen	n	de · mv. schizofrenen	schizophrenic
schizofreen	a		schizophrenic
neerlandica	n	de · mv. neerlandica's	a female expert in, or student of, Dutch studies
zonnepaneel	n	het · mv. zonnepanelen	solar panel (photovoltaic panel)
verdachtmaking	n	de · mv. verdachtmakingen	imputation, insinuation about wrongdoing
teennagel	n	de · mv. teennagels	a toe nail
hoogheemraadschap	n	het · mv. hoogheemraadschappen	water board, level of government structure for water management (only used…
schoenmaat	n	de · mv. schoenmaten	shoe size
ellebogenwerk	n	het	ruthless competition; fierce, unfriendly rivalry
buitentrouw	n	de	marriage outside one's religious group, as a practice condemned by early…
doorweg	n	de · mv. doorwegen	a passageway (way or route that offers access to something)
Celtiberen	n		Celtiberians
snoeimes	n	het · mv. snoeimessen	a pair of pruning shears
tuinvrouw	n	de · mv. tuinvrouwen	a female professional gardener
verwachtingswaarde	n	de · mv. verwachtingswaarden	expected value
klompendans	n	de · mv. klompendansen	clog dance (traditional dance performed wearing clogs)
klompendansen	v	klompendanste – geklompendanst	to perform a clog dance
peuk	n	de · mv. peuken	a cigarette butt, a stub; a cigarette, a fag, a smoke
borstkanker	n	de · mv. borstkankers	breast cancer
longkanker	n	de · mv. longkankers	lung cancer
darmkanker	n	de · mv. darmkankers	colorectal cancer, bowel cancer
kankerkind	n	het · mv. kankerkinderen	A pejorative for a child; a child with cancer
zorgpremie	n	de · mv. zorgpremies	health insurance premium
energietransitie	n	de · mv. energietransities	energy transition
afkerven	v	kerfde af – afgekerfd	to cut off; to void, to forgive
biechteling	n	de · mv. biechtelingen	penitent, confessant (one who goes to confession, in particular one who…
zwaarlijvig	a		obese
opperrabbi	n	de · mv. opperrabbi's	chief rabbi
munitieschip	n	het · mv. munitieschepen	munition ship
granaatwerper	n	de · mv. granaatwerpers	a grenade launcher
speedboot	n	de · mv. speedboten	a speedboat
kiellinie	n	de · mv. kiellinies	line of battle
schietgebed	n	het · mv. schietgebeden	a jaculatory prayer, a hurried prayer said in life-threatening circumstances
Haarlems	a		of, from or pertaining to Haarlem
Haarlems	m		the Hollandic dialect of Haarlem
bitterkoek	n	de · mv. bitterkoeken	a small macaroon made of bitter almonds (or a substitute)
dijkdoorbraak	n	de · mv. dijkdoorbraken	the breaching of a dike
onnut	a		useless
dikbladig	a		having thick leaves
Maaike	m		a female given name
correspondentieschaak	n	het	correspondence chess
ligstoel	n	de · mv. ligstoelen	a lounger, a lounging chair
postkaart	n	de · mv. postkaarten	postcard, especially one with a picture
stoeltjeslift	n	de · mv. stoeltjesliften	a chairlift
openmaken	v	maakte open – opengemaakt	to open
autostoel	n	de · mv. autostoelen	a car seat
strandstoel	n	de · mv. strandstoelen	beach chair
zetellift	n	de · mv. zetelliften	a chairlift
toegangsgeld	n	het · mv. toegangsgelden	access fee, entrance fee
toegangskaart	n	de · mv. toegangskaarten	an entrance ticket
baadje	n	het · mv. baadjes	a type of loose-fitting Malay and Indonesian shirt
onderonsje	n	het · mv. onderonsjes	a meet-up, a get-together, a tête-à-tête, an informal gathering
ijspegel	n	de · mv. ijspegels	an icicle
ijswater	n	het	ice water (water chilled by means of ice)
wolkendek	n	het · mv. wolkendekken	a cloud cover
skateboarden	v	skateboardde – geskateboard	to skateboard
driehoeksmeting	n	de · mv. driehoeksmetingen	triangulation
herenkleding	n	de	men's wear, men's clothes
dameskleding	n	de	women's wear, women's clothes
unheimisch	a		uncanny, uncomfortable
goeling	n	de · mv. goelings	a bamboo wife, a Dutch wife
rolkussen	n	het · mv. rolkussens	a cylindrical cushion or pillow; a bamboo wife, a Dutch wife
klappernoot	n	de · mv. klappernoten	coconut
pashok	n	het · mv. pashokken	a fitting room
Volkslatijns	a		Vulgar Latin
kraaghagedis	n	de · mv. kraaghagedissen	frilled lizard (Chlamydosaurus kingii)
manchetknoop	n	de · mv. manchetknopen	cufflink
confectiepak	n	het · mv. confectiepakken	a ready-made suit
maatpak	n	het · mv. maatpakken	a tailor-made suit, a bespoke suit
ochtendjas	n	de · mv. ochtendjassen	dressing gown, bathrobe
kamerjas	n	de · mv. kamerjassen	dressing gown, bathrobe
overjas	n	de · mv. overjassen	an overcoat
Hermans	m		a surname
onderrok	n	de · mv. onderrokken	a women's undergarment worn under a skirt; a slip, a petticoat
onderjurk	n	de · mv. onderjurken	a women's undergarment worn under a dress; a slip, a petticoat
netkous	n	de · mv. netkousen	a fishnet stocking
taxibaan	n		taxiway
ouderpaar	n	het · mv. ouderparen	a parent couple, the two parents of a child (user both of biological parents…
kunststoffen	a		made of plastics, made of synthetic material
schoenveter	n	de · mv. schoenveters	a shoelace, a shoestring
nylonkous	n	de · mv. nylonkousen	a nylon stocking
kniekous	n	de · mv. kniekousen	a knee sock, a knee high
halfedelsteen	n	de · mv. halfedelstenen	semi-precious stone
haarband	n	de · mv. haarbanden	a hair tie, a hairband, a headband (elastic band wrapped around the head to…
voorgeslacht	n	het · mv. voorgeslachten	ancestors, previous generations
rolmodel	n	het · mv. rolmodellen	a role model
gasbel	n	de · mv. gasbellen	gas bubble; gas field
Remco	m		a male given name
omhakken	v	hakte om – omgehakt	to chop down, to fell (chiefly of trees, plants, etc.)
kwikzand	n	het · mv. kwikzanden	quicksand
bemoeilijken	v	bemoeilijkte – bemoeilijkt	to make (more) difficult, to make harder, to hamper, to complicate
65-plusser	n	de · mv. 65-plussers	a person who is 65 years old or older, 65 having traditionally been the…
speen	n	de · mv. spenen	a teat, a nipple; a dummy, a pacifier; a nozzle for bottle-feeding
babypoeder	n	het · mv. babypoeders	baby powder
koolwitje	n	het · mv. koolwitjes	a cabbage white, one of two butterflies of the genus Pieris; either the…
kleuterleidster	n	de · mv. kleuterleidsters	a female kindergarten teacher
herenliefde	n	de	male homosexuality, sexual and/or romantic love between men
krenterig	a		stingy, mean, miserly, niggardly
spatader	n	de · mv. spataderen	a varicose vein
vuilnisman	n	de · mv. vuilnismannen	a dustman, a garbage man, a male garbo
straalvliegtuig	n	het · mv. straalvliegtuigen	a jet plane, a jet aeroplane
gradueel	a		gradual
nachttemperatuur	n	de · mv. nachttemperaturen	night temperature, nocturnal temperature
regenwolk	n	de · mv. regenwolken	a rain cloud
middagtemperatuur	n	de · mv. middagtemperaturen	afternoon temperature, noon temperature
bewolktheid	n	de	cloudiness
bolbliksem	n	de · mv. bolbliksems	ball lightning
lauwwarm	a		lukewarm
wisselvallig	a		changeable, variable, inconstant, volatile
serveerder	n	de · mv. serveerders	one who serves, a server; a waiter
automonteur	n	de · mv. automonteurs	a car mechanic
typiste	n	de · mv. typistes	a female typist
pleegvader	n	de · mv. pleegvaders	a foster father
gezagvoerder	n	de · mv. gezagvoerders	a captain (person in charge on a vessel or aircraft)
invalidentoilet	n	het · mv. invalidentoiletten	synonym of gehandicaptentoilet
petfles	n	de · mv. petflessen	bottle made of polyethylene terephthalate
achternicht	n	de · mv. achternichten	daughter of one's cousin or grandaunt/granduncle; female first cousin once…
pfeiffer	n	de	mononucleosis
landsgrens	n	de · mv. landsgrenzen	a national border, a border of a country
pijper	n	de · mv. pijpers	a piper, a flautist; someone who performs fellatio
wisselgebit	n	het · mv. wisselgebitten	one's milk teeth
pasfoto	n	de · mv. pasfoto's	a passport photo, a passport photograph
kokosbrood	n	het	a type of bread topping made of coconut meat, pressed into a loaf and often…
melktand	n	de · mv. melktanden	a milk tooth
pijpkruid	n	het	pipeweed: a herb smoked in pipes like tobacco
ziekenzaal	n	de · mv. ziekenzalen	an infirmary, a hospital ward
piepstem	n	de · mv. piepstemmen	a squeaky voice
polikliniek	n	de · mv. poliklinieken	an outpatient clinic
rodehond	n	de	rubella, German measles
pijnvrij	a		painfree
grijpstuiver	n	de · mv. grijpstuivers	a very small amount of money, a shoestring
breikatoen	n	het	knitting cotton
sport-bh	n	de · mv. sport-bh's	a sports bra
wandkaart	n	de · mv. wandkaarten	a wall map (topographical map hung on a wall)
klaslokaal	n	het · mv. klaslokalen	classroom
syntactisch	a		syntactical
voetnoot	n	de · mv. voetnoten	footnote
zwerfkei	n	de · mv. zwerfkeien	a glacial erratic, a boulder that has been transported by a glacier
zwerfsteen	n	de · mv. zwerfstenen	a glacial erratic, a stone that has been transported by a glacier
loonsverhoging	n	de · mv. loonsverhogingen	a raise, a wage increase
werkbaar	a		workable, functional
lijnvlucht	n	de · mv. lijnvluchten	a scheduled flight (default flight route with frequent flights; flight on…
bijbaan	n	de · mv. bijbanen	side job, extra job (job that one has beside an education or another job)
vakverbond	n	het · mv. vakverbonden	a trade union collective, a federation of trade unions
kantoorbediende	n	de · mv. kantoorbedienden	an office clerk
arbeidersklasse	n	de · mv. arbeidersklassen	working class (socio-economic class of physical workers)
postbezorger	n	de · mv. postbezorgers	one who delivers mail
bezorger	n	de · mv. bezorgers	a deliverer, one who delivers items
landgrens	n	de · mv. landgrenzen	a terrestrial border, a border on land
elektricien	n	de · mv. elektriciens	electrician (specialist in installing and maintaining electrical equipment)
pijlpunt	n	de · mv. pijlpunten	arrowhead
pijlinktvis	n	de · mv. pijlinktvissen	a squid, cephalopod of the order Teuthida
reuzeninktvis	n	de · mv. reuzeninktvissen	giant squid
pijpenla	n	de · mv. pijpenla's	pipe drawer: a long narrow drawer to keep (old-fashioned) long pipes in; a long and narrow room, resembling a pipe drawer
herenkapper	n	de · mv. herenkappers	a men's hairdresser, a barber
dameskapper	n	de · mv. dameskappers	a women's hairdresser
bibliothecaresse	n	de · mv. bibliothecaressen	a female librarian
vertegenwoordigster	n	de · mv. vertegenwoordigsters	a female representative
autohandelaar	n	de · mv. autohandelaren	a car salesperson
verkoopster	n	de · mv. verkoopsters	saleswoman, female seller
reisagent	n	de · mv. reisagenten	a travel agent
tijm	n	de	thyme, plant of the genus Thymus; thyme, herb from these plants
schapenkaas	n	de · mv. schapenkazen	sheep milk cheese, sheep cheese
kwarktaart	n	de · mv. kwarktaarten	a cheesecake with a large layer of (often sweet) cottage cheese
pinautomaat	n	de · mv. pinautomaten	PIN payment terminal
nummerbord	n	het · mv. nummerborden	a number plate, a license plate (plate containing an (alpha)numeric…
drukwerk	n	het · mv. drukwerken	printed matter
vrijgezellenfeest	n	het · mv. vrijgezellenfeesten	bachelor party, bachelorette party
inbreken	v	brak in – ingebroken	to break in, to burglar, to burglarize
boomzaken	n		harbour customs, harbour affairs
boorwater	n	het	boric acid solution
legaat	n	het · mv. legaten	bequest, legacy; legate
homobar	n	de · mv. homobars	a gay bar
afschroeven	v	schroefde af – afgeschroefd	to screw off
bijvoegsel	n	het · mv. bijvoegsels	addendum, appendix
thermen	n		thermae; a Roman bathhouse, in particular the warm and hot baths of a Roman…
borstsuiker	n	de	sugar candy (sucrose crystals)
diagonaal	a		diagonal
diagonaal	n	de · mv. diagonalen	diagonal; a diagonal line or plane
pincode	n	de · mv. pincodes	personal identification number
cynicus	n	de · mv. cynici	Cynic; cynic, cynical person
pushen	v	pushte – gepusht	to pressure, push
tossen	v	toste – getost	to flip or toss (e.g. to settle a point of contention)
dienstwapen	n	het · mv. dienstwapens	a service weapon
kwibus	n	de · mv. kwibussen	a fool, an oddball, a weirdo
gezinslid	n	het · mv. gezinsleden	family member, member of the same family (e.g. sharing a household)
dochtertaal	n	de · mv. dochtertalen	a daughter language
manwijf	n	het · mv. manwijven	a woman with a rugged, masculine appearance
schoonouder	n	de · mv. schoonouders	a parent-in-law; a parent of one's boyfriend or girlfriend
tuinbouw	n	de	the agricultural cultivation of non-grass (non-grain) crops including…
bejaardenhuis	n	het · mv. bejaardenhuizen	retirement home, old people's home
wangzak	n	de · mv. wangzakken	a cheek pouch
opiniestuk	n	het · mv. opiniestukken	an opinion piece
damesblad	n	het · mv. damesbladen	a women's magazine, especially one aimed at a middle-class or upper-class…
doperwt	n	de · mv. doperwten	a small green pea, eaten without its pod
snertvent	n	de · mv. snertventen	a tosser, an objectionable male
banjeren	v	banjerde – gebanjerd	to walk slowly back and forth, to saunter around; to boast, to act important
banjer	n	de · mv. banjers	a braggart, a self-important person, a boaster; a flood caused by torrential rains
knoeperd	n	de · mv. knoeperds	a whopper, something particularly large
tabee	i		bye, goodbye, farewell
toedeledokie	i		toodle-oo, so long
frikandelbroodje	n	het · mv. frikandelbroodjes	a roll of puff pastry containing a frikandel (sausage-like deep-fried snack…
banjerheer	n	de · mv. banjerheren	a bigwig, a self-important person
keelpijn	n	de · mv. keelpijnen	a sore throat
monobrauw	n	de · mv. monobrauwen	a unibrow
tacticus	n	de · mv. tactici	a tactician
maaltand	n	de · mv. maaltanden	a molar
naaktloper	n	de · mv. naaktlopers	a nudist
e-sigaret	n	de · mv. e-sigaretten	an electronic cigarette
kroonkraan	n	de · mv. kroonkranen	a crowned crane, any bird of the genus Balearica
nicotinekauwgom	n	de · mv. nicotinekauwgoms	nicotine gum
nicotinepleister	n	de · mv. nicotinepleisters	nicotine patch
jeugdpuist	n	de · mv. jeugdpuisten	a pimple caused by acne
mee-eter	n	de · mv. mee-eters	a blackhead, a comedo
zomersproet	n	de · mv. zomersproeten	a freckle that becomes visible after prolonged exposure to sunlight (e.g.…
kunstnier	n	de · mv. kunstnieren	an artificial kidney
zigeunerin	n	de · mv. zigeunerinnen	a female Gypsy
vrouwenquotum	n	het · mv. vrouwenquota	a women's quota, usually proposed or implemented to address occupational…
bladmuziek	n	de	sheet music
dijenkletser	n	de · mv. dijenkletsers	thigh-slapper, knee-slapper (hilarious joke)
halvezool	n	de · mv. halvezolen	a moron, an idiot
krulspeld	n	de · mv. krulspelden	a curler, a roller (tube used to curl hair)
klimaatstaking	n	de · mv. klimaatstakingen	climate strike (strike by mostly young people to protest again inaction on…
rinkelen	v	rinkelde – gerinkeld	to make a ringing sound, as of a bell; to jingle
rinkel	n	de · mv. rinkels	a metal disc (as a percussion cymbal, etc.) or ringlet used to produce a…
goteling	n	de · mv. gotelingen	an early modern cast-iron cannon, often specifically denoting a piece of…
gehemelte	n	het · mv. gehemelten	the roof of the mouth, palate; taste, flavour; one's liking, especially in regards to taste
borrelen	v	borrelde – geborreld	to drink spirits; to have a drink, to hobnob; to bubble (e.g. because of boiling)
keffen	v	kefte – gekeft	to yap
krullig	a		curly
krullerig	a		curly
fronsen	v	fronste – gefronst	to frown, to furrow
vingerafdruk	n	de · mv. vingerafdrukken	a fingerprint
verhemelte	n	het · mv. verhemelten	palate
verzorgpony	n	de · mv. verzorgpony's	a pony for whom one cares (grooms, walks or rides, treats, etc.) as a…
inslikken	v	slikte in – ingeslikt	to ingest, to swallow
rimpelig	a		wrinkly, wrinkled
puzzelen	v	puzzelde – gepuzzeld	to (try to) work out a puzzle
leiband	n	de · mv. leibanden	short leash, control, restraint
interpunctie	n	de · mv. interpuncties	punctuation, interpunction
onderbelasten	v	onderbelastte – onderbelast	to underburden; to undertax
douanebeambte	n	de · mv. douanebeambten	a customs officer
zinklood	n	het · mv. zinkloden	a sinker for a fishing line
afwasborstel	n	de · mv. afwasborstels	a washing-up brush, a dishwashing brush
wolfshond	n	de · mv. wolfshonden	a wolf dog, a wolf–dog hybrid
koffieautomaat	n	de · mv. koffieautomaten	a coffee machine, a coffee dispenser (coffee vending machine or large…
snoet	n	de · mv. snoeten	the face, especially mouth and nose, of a human or some animals; synonym of snuit
hertengewei	n	het · mv. hertengeweien	an antler or a set of antlers of a deer
elandgewei	n	het · mv. elandgeweien	a pair of antlers or a single antler of an elk or moose
bijstelling	n	de · mv. bijstellingen	adjustment, the process or activity of adapting; an apposition
appositie	n	de · mv. apposities	an apposition
nevenstelling	n	de · mv. nevenstellingen	an open compound, a compound word that is orthographically represented as…
preekgestoelte	n	het · mv. preekgestoelten	pulpit
windrichting	n	de · mv. windrichtingen	a wind direction, the direction from which the wind blows; a compass point
Oost-Duitsland	m		East Germany (a geographic region of Germany, consisting of the states…
West-Duitsland	m		West Germany (a geographic region of Germany, consisting of the states…
bloempotkapsel	n	het · mv. bloempotkapsels	a bowl cut
Israëliet	n	de · mv. Israëlieten	an Israelite, a member of ancient Israel; an Israeli
Israëli	n	de · mv. Israëli's	an Israeli
vloeitje	n	het · mv. vloeitjes	a piece of cigarette paper, a piece of rolling paper, a skin
vloeipapier	n	het · mv. vloeipapieren	some blotting paper or a sheet of blotting paper; some cigarette paper or a sheet of cigarette paper; rolling paper
vloeipapieren	a		made of blotting paper or cigarette paper
tafellinnen	n	het	table linen
Kaïn	m		Cain (mythological character)
Vercauteren	m		a surname
Kint	m		a surname
Colruyt	m		a surname
Verhofstadt	m		a surname
Dehaene	m		a surname
achterbak	n	de · mv. achterbakken	a boot, a trunk; a luggage compartment at the back of a car
hutkoffer	n	de · mv. hutkoffers	a trunk, a large chest used to move luggage
citroenpers	n	de · mv. citroenpersen	a lemon squeezer
citruspers	n	de · mv. citruspersen	a lemon squeezer
afzettingsprocedure	n	de · mv. afzettingsprocedures	deposition procedure, impeachment procedure
broedpaar	n	het · mv. broedparen	a breeding pair of egg-laying animals
bezopen	a		drunk, loaded, pissed; crazy, idiotic
smaakzin	n	de	sense of taste
bloeddorst	n	de	bloodlust, bloodthirst, bloodthirstiness
tomatenplant	n	de · mv. tomatenplanten	tomato plant (Solanum lycopersicum)
boktor	n	de · mv. boktorren	a longhorn beetle, a beetle of the family Cerambycidae
Beerenberg	m		Beerenberg, a volcano on Jan Mayen
Olijfberg	m		Mount of Olives
verlengsnoer	n	het · mv. verlengsnoeren	an extension cord (electrical cord with plug and power socket(s))
kleurentelevisie	n	de · mv. kleurentelevisies	a colour television (television set with colour images); colour television (system of television transmission in colour)
schokbreker	n	de · mv. schokbrekers	a shock absorber
jeugdherberg	n	de · mv. jeugdherbergen	a youth hostel
draagtas	n	de · mv. draagtassen	a carry bag (sturdy bag with handles or straps for carrying groceries,…
nieuwbouw	n	de	new development, newly built buildings particularly in reference to housing; the newly built portion(s) of a building or organisation
waterdicht	a		waterproof, watertight (being sealed in a way to prevent water from entering)
waterdichtheid	n	de	waterproofness; water density, the density of (a sample of) water
spraakwaterval	n	de · mv. spraakwatervallen	a waterfall of words; a (virtual) monologue in which one says many things…; someone who is prone to producing waterfalls of words
paardrijles	n	de · mv. paardrijlessen	a horse-riding lesson; a lesson or education in horse riding
rijles	n	de · mv. rijlessen	a driving lesson or riding lesson; a lesson or education in driving cars or…
tweeverdiener	n	de · mv. tweeverdieners	a dual earner
babbeltruc	n	de · mv. babbeltrucs	a type of burglary in which one perpetrator distracts the victim in his or…
kinderstoel	n	de · mv. kinderstoelen	a highchair (raised chair for small children); a children's chair (small chair for children)
bespottelijk	a		ridiculous, laughable
wortelkanaalbehandeling	n	de · mv. wortelkanaalbehandelingen	a root canal treatment (endodontic therapy)
koeltoren	n	de · mv. koeltorens	a cooling tower
popgroep	n	de · mv. popgroepen	a pop group, a pop band
skimmen	v	skimde – geskimd	to skim, to read quickly and superficially; to skim, to surreptitiously and fraudently scan a payment card
homorgaan	a		homorganic, having the same place of articulation
geomagnetisme	n	het	geomagnetism
loopafstand	n	de · mv. loopafstanden	walking distance (distance of a comfortable walk); the distance one has to cover by walking, especially of a pedestrian route…
Veld	m		a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
aardmagnetisme	n	het	geomagnetism
aardmagnetisch	a		geomagnetic
krentenbrood	n	het · mv. krentenbroden	a (loaf of) currant bread, a raisin bread (usually without cinnamon swirls)
tomatensaus	n	de · mv. tomatensauzen	tomato sauce
dresseren	v	dresseerde – gedresseerd	to train
postbus	n	de · mv. postbussen	a post office box, a postal box
souffleren	v	souffleerde – gesouffleerd	to prompt
diaraam	n	het · mv. diaramen	a slide frame
kalen	v	kaalde – gekaald	to become bald
kortheid	n	de	shortness
vegagehakt	n	het	a vegetarian substitute for mince (ground meat)
sjiitisch	a		Shiite, Shiitic (pertaining to Shia Islam)
agglutinatie	n	de · mv. agglutinaties	agglutination, uniting (e.g. sealing a wound) by means of glue; agglutination
spruitkool	n	de · mv. spruitkolen	Brussels sprout(s); a plant of the gemmifera group of Brassica oleracea varieties, that produces…
fipo	n	de · mv. fipo's	a quickly written reply to a news post or forum thread with little to no…
rommelkamer	n	de · mv. rommelkamers	a junkroom
boekensteun	n	de · mv. boekensteunen	a bookend
tandsteen	n	de/het	dental tartar, calculus
ijsblokje	n	het · mv. ijsblokjes	an ice cube (small piece of ice)
ijsklont	n	de · mv. ijsklonten	an ice cube (small piece of ice)
suikerklont	n	de · mv. suikerklonten	a sugar cube, a sugar lump
ijstijd	n	de · mv. ijstijden	an ice age, a glaciation
identiteitskaart	n	de · mv. identiteitskaarten	an ID card, an identity card
optimaal	a		optimal
impressie	n	de · mv. impressies	impression, perception
idist	n	de · mv. idisten	an Idist, a user or advocate of Ido
roemrijk	a		glorious, illustrious
imiteren	v	imiteerde – geïmiteerd	to imitate
vislijm	n	de	isinglass
agendapunt	n	het · mv. agendapunten	an item on an agenda
irrigatie	n	de	irrigation
verstokt	a		staunch, inveterate, die-hard
introductie	n	de · mv. introducties	an introduction (act or process of introducing; something that presents or…
innerlijk	a		internal, interior, especially in relation to one's mental processes
innerlijk	n	het · mv. innerlijken	personality, character, as opposed to appearance
intraveneus	a		intravenous
internetcafé	n	het · mv. internetcafés	an Internet cafe
intimiteit	n	de · mv. intimiteiten	intimacy; an intimate action, encounter or behaviour
Zebulon	m		Zebulun (Biblical son of Jacob); Zebulun (one of the tribes of Israel)
Oegandees	n	de · mv. Oegandezen	a Ugandan
paraplubak	n	de · mv. paraplubakken	an umbrella stand
ongeloofwaardig	a		unbelievable, not credible
onmodieus	a		outmoded, unfashionable
hulpprogramma	n	het · mv. hulpprogramma's	a software utility, a program aiding in a specific task; an aid programme
ondubbelzinnig	a		unambiguous
ureum	n	het	urea (compound)
pisstof	n	de	urea (compound)
habilitatie	n	de · mv. habilitaties	habilitation (academic qualification)
taxichauffeur	n	de · mv. taxichauffeurs	a taxi driver, a hack, a cabbie
waterkunde	n	de	hydrology
jachthoorn	n	de · mv. jachthoorns	a hunting horn
kerkbestuur	n	het · mv. kerkbesturen	church administration
rijksbestuur	n	het · mv. rijksbesturen	government
stadsbestuur	n	het · mv. stadsbesturen	city administration
schoolbestuur	n	het · mv. schoolbesturen	school administration
recreatiebad	n	de · mv. recreatiebaden	recreational swimming pool; leisure centre
doelgroepenbad	n	de · mv. doelgroepenbaden	swimming pool for different target audiences
buikholte	n	de · mv. buikholten	abdominal cavity
progressief	a		progressive, pertaining to or favouring left-leaning, emancipatory or…; progressive, pertaining to progress; progressive, which progresses (e.g. becomes increasingly severe)
chocoladebeen	n	het · mv. chocoladebenen	the non-dominant leg of a football player
programmeertaal	n	de · mv. programmeertalen	a programming language
schoolhoofd	n	het · mv. schoolhoofden	a headteacher, a principal, a schoolmaster or schoolmistress
kernfusie	n	de · mv. kernfusies	nuclear fusion
natiestaat	n	de · mv. natiestaten	a nation-state
sleutelgat	n	het · mv. sleutelgaten	a keyhole
politiestaat	n	de · mv. politiestaten	a police state
vrouwenversierder	n	de · mv. vrouwenversierders	a womaniser, a Casanova
immoreel	a		immoral
moreel	a		moral
moreel	n	de/het	morale
zenuwcel	n	de · mv. zenuwcellen	a nerve cell, a neuron
narcisme	n	het	narcissism
destructief	a		destructive
verdoemenis	n	de · mv. verdoemenissen	damnation, perdition
presidentschap	n	het · mv. presidentschappen	a presidency
beginneling	n	de · mv. beginnelingen	a beginner, a novice, a newcomer
stappenteller	n	de · mv. stappentellers	a pedometer (device or programme that counts the number of steps walked)
intonatie	n	de · mv. intonaties	intonation
duursport	n	de · mv. duursporten	an endurance sport, endurance sports
elasticiteitsmodulus	n	de · mv. elasticiteitsmoduli	Young's modulus
triviaal	a		trivial, insignificant
primitief	a		primitive
Naftali	m		Naphtali (mythological son of Jacob); Naphtali (tribe of Israel)
kernmacht	n	de · mv. kernmachten	a nuclear power (political or military entity with nuclear weaponry)
protesteren	v	protesteerde – geprotesteerd	to protest, to demonstrate
onecht	a		extramarital (chiefly of children and extramarital relations); inauthentic, fraudulent, false (chiefly in relation to literary forgeries)
predicaat	n	het · mv. predicaten	predicate; label, name
parochie	n	de · mv. parochies	a parish
petitie	n	de · mv. petities	a petition
beruchtheid	n	de	infamy, notoriety
parlementair	a		parliamentary (of, from or pertaining to parliament)
inboorling	n	de · mv. inboorlingen	a native, an aboriginal (member of the original population of a locale)
notatie	n	de · mv. notaties	notation
kinderlied	n	het · mv. kinderliederen	a children's song, often but not exclusively a nursery rhyme
briefkaart	n	de · mv. briefkaarten	a postcard, a postal card
stofwolk	n	de · mv. stofwolken	a dust cloud
zenuwgas	n	het · mv. zenuwgassen	a nerve gas
projectiel	n	het · mv. projectielen	projectile
meerwaarde	n	de · mv. meerwaarden	added value, surplus value; surplus value
prinselijk	a		princely
schoep	n	de · mv. schoepen	a paddle, a blade of a water wheel or similar contraption
partitief	a		partitive
partitief	n	de · mv. partitieven	partitive (partitive case, partitive construction)
natuurtalent	n	het · mv. natuurtalenten	a natural (one with innate talent); a natural talent, an innate talent
nachtwaker	n	de · mv. nachtwakers	a nightguard (person), a night watchman (usually male)
fonemisch	a		phonemic
rekwisiet	n	het · mv. rekwisieten	a prop, a property
purper	n	het · mv. purpers	purple, especially a reddish hue of purple (colour)
purper	a		reddish purple
schuurmiddel	n	het · mv. schuurmiddelen	an abradant, an abrasive
doggybag	n	de · mv. doggybags	a doggy bag (container for taking home the leftovers of a meal)
noorderlicht	n	het	northern lights, aurora borealis
paniekaanval	n	de · mv. paniekaanvallen	a panic attack
teraardebestelling	n	de · mv. teraardebestellingen	interment, burial
vredig	a		peaceful; calm
bloedneus	n	de · mv. bloedneuzen	a nosebleed
schubdier	n	het · mv. schubdieren	a pangolin, a mammal of the family Manidae
abbatiaal	a		abbatial (pertaining to an abbey, abbot or abbess)
preparaat	n	het · mv. preparaten	a preparation (preserved specimen, prepared sample)
tabaksverslaafde	n	de · mv. tabaksverslaafden	a tobacco addict, one addicted to consuming (e.g. smoking or chewing)…
pannenlap	n	de · mv. pannenlappen	a potholder (cloth or pad for holding hot cooking pots, etc.)
zeeoor	n	het · mv. zeeoren	an abalone, a gastropod of the family Haliotidae
pekingeend	n	de · mv. pekingeenden	Pekin duck (breed of duck); Peking duck (poultry dish)
klankleer	n	de · mv. klankleren	phonology; phonetics
telekinese	n	de	telekinesis
psychokinese	n	de	psychokinesis
spitsvondig	a		shrewd, clever, streetwise
zeurpiet	n	de · mv. zeurpieten	a whiner, a complainer, a crybaby
vertroetelen	v	vertroetelde – vertroeteld	to pamper, to coddle
polyfoon	a		polyphonic, contrapuntal; polyphonic, containing the perspectives of many protagonists
geelgors	n	de · mv. geelgorzen	yellowhammer (Emberiza citrinella)
horren	v	horde – gehord	to sieve
tegenvoeter	n	de · mv. tegenvoeters	a counterpart or an opposite of someone
lastpost	n	de · mv. lastposten	an annoying person, a nuisance, a pest
lastpak	n	de · mv. lastpakken	an annoying person, a nuisance, a pest
keratine	n	de	keratin
verderfelijk	a		deleterious, pernicious
lijkkleed	n	het · mv. lijkkleden	a pall; a funeral shroud
vederbos	n	de · mv. vederbossen	a panache (plume on headwear); a set of plumes (large or ornamental feathers)
walviskalf	n	het · mv. walviskalveren	a whale calf
abiogenese	n	de	abiogenesis
perversie	n	de · mv. perversies	perversion, pervertedness; something perverse
lomperd	n	de · mv. lomperds	a crude or churlish person, a lummox, a boor
abdijkerk	n	de · mv. abdijkerken	an abbey church
plataan	n	de · mv. platanen	a plane tree, a sycamore; a tree of the genus Platanus
ijshaai	n	de · mv. ijshaaien	a certain sleeper shark, one of certain sharks of the family Somniosidae
pirateren	v	pirateerde – gepirateerd	to pirate (to steal or plunder ships); to pirate (to replicate or acquire illegal copies)
confectie	n	de · mv. confecties	mass-produced ready-to-wear outer clothing; a mass-produced ready-to-wear overgarment; an electuary, a confection
weegbree	n	de · mv. weegbreeën	a plantain, fleawort, a plant of the genus Plantago
oorschelp	n	de · mv. oorschelpen	an auricle, a pinna
schrander	a		shrewd, astute, clever
nasaleren	v	nasaleerde – genasaleerd	to nasalise
kennisgeving	n	de · mv. kennisgevingen	the act of informing, notifying; notification; a notice, a message, a notification
modderfiguur	n	het · mv. modderfiguren	a silly, ridiculous character, mainly used in een modderfiguur slaan
wijnvlek	n	de · mv. wijnvlekken	a wine stain (stain caused by wine); a port-wine stain, a naevus flammeus
pulken	v	pulkte – gepulkt	to pick (with one's hand or fingers)
tweespan	n	het · mv. tweespannen	a pair of draught animals, a team of two; a vehicle fit to be drawn by a pair of draught animals
doktersroman	n	de · mv. doktersromans	a medical romance novel; also as a genre (subgenre of mummy porn; book in…
hermafrodisie	n	de	hermaphroditism
hermafrodisme	n	het	hermaphroditism
hermafrodiet	n	de · mv. hermafrodieten	a hermaphrodite. (see usage note below)
hermafrodiet	a		hermaphrodite, hermaphroditic
vering	n	de · mv. veringen	suspension (system of springs, and in the case of vehicles shock absorbers)
verhuiswagen	n	de · mv. verhuiswagens	a removal van, a moving truck
parkeerboete	n	de · mv. parkeerboetes	a parking ticket, a parking fine
wielklem	n	de · mv. wielklemmen	a wheel clamp
Moresnet	m		Moresnet (a village and sub-municipality in Liège, Wallonia, Belgium)
vroegpredicatie	n	de · mv. vroegpredicaties	a religious service held early in the morning, earlier than a usual morning…
snijboon	n	de · mv. snijbonen	a flat bean, a long variety of Phaseolus vulgaris, with flat pods and fully…
kalfsvlees	n	het	veal
pantsertrein	n	de · mv. pantsertreinen	an armoured train
kleurenfoto	n	de · mv. kleurenfoto's	a colour photo
watergeus	n	de · mv. watergeuzen	an insurrectionist during the early stage of the Dutch Revolt who was active…
nonnenklooster	n	het · mv. nonnenkloosters	a nuns' monastery, a nunnery
geelkoper	n	het	brass
kleinhandel	n	de · mv. kleinhandels	retail trade, the retail sector; a retail shop, a retail store
winterpeen	n	de · mv. winterpenen	a large, orange variety of carrot
knorrepot	n	de · mv. knorrepotten	grouch, grumbler
knorrepotten	v	knorrepotte – geknorrepot	to grumble, to grouch
duitenkliever	n	de · mv. duitenklievers	a scrooge, a miser, a niggard
duitendief	n	de · mv. duitendieven	an avaricious person who ratholes money, a greedhead
vierduitstuk	n	het · mv. vierduitstukken	a 2½ cent piece, a coin with the value of 1/40th of a guilder or half the…
verstaanbaar	a		capable of being heard and understood (language, words), audible and…
rollenspel	n	het · mv. rollenspelen	a roleplaying game
verbanddoos	n	de · mv. verbanddozen	a first-aid box
non-fictie	n	de	nonfiction
vertwijfeling	n	de · mv. vertwijfelingen	desperation; doubt
mismoedig	a		downcast, despondent
sterrenregen	n	de · mv. sterrenregens	a meteor shower, an instance of many shooting stars falling within a short…
vanitasstilleven	n	het · mv. vanitasstillevens	a still life that intends to instruct the viewer that all is vanity
maakloon	n	het · mv. maaklonen	the wages charged for production, usually charged by an artisan such as a…
slavenmarkt	n	de · mv. slavenmarkten	a slave market
aflachen	v	lachte af – afgelachen	to spend time laughing (to a specified degree), often to the point of exhaustion
onderlegger	n	de · mv. onderleggers	a place mat or coaster
traditiegetrouw	d		true to tradition, observing tradition
traditiegetrouw	a		true to tradition, observing tradition
blamage	n	de · mv. blamages	a disgrace, something that tarnishes the reputation of someone or something
blameren	v	blameerde – geblameerd	to slander, to calumniate; to disgrace, to humiliate
bleekselderij	n	de · mv. bleekselderijen	celery, a cultivar derived from wild celery cultivated for its stems (Apium…
peulenschil	n	de · mv. peulenschillen	a pod, notably beans' or peas' natural casing; a pittance; a piece of cake, a cakewalk, something very easy
ontbijtkoek	n	de · mv. ontbijtkoeken	a type of spiced cake without succade commonly consumed in the Low Countries
peperkoek	n	de · mv. peperkoeken	a type of spiced cake without succade commonly consumed in the Low…
snijkoek	n	de · mv. snijkoeken	a type of spiced cake without succade commonly consumed in the Low Countries
volkorenbrood	n	het · mv. volkorenbroden	wholemeal bread; a loaf of wholemeal bread
volkorenmeel	n	het	wholemeal flour
volkoren	a		wholemeal
volkoren	n	het	wholemeal products
benzinepomp	n	de · mv. benzinepompen	a petrol station, a gas station, a service station; a petrol pump, a gas pump (at a service station, to fill up fuel tanks); a petrol pump, a gas pump (in a vehicle, to pump from the tank to the engine)
luchtpostblad	n	het · mv. luchtpostbladen	an aerogramme (thin piece of paper for transit via airmail)
luchtpost	n	de	airmail
gedachtig	a		mindful, thinking (keeping in mind)
epistolair	a		epistolary
genitiefobject	n	het · mv. genitiefobjecten	a genitival object
warmoeswijf	n	het · mv. warmoeswijven	a vegetable saleswoman
flexie	n	de · mv. flexies	inflection, flexion; flexion (bending)
prisoen	n	de/het · mv. prisoens	prison, dungeon; imprisonment
lelijkerd	n	de · mv. lelijkerds	an ugly person or animal (often affectionate when used of a domesticated animal)
Amalekiet	n	de · mv. Amalekieten	an Amalekite (member of a hostile Biblical tribe)
bandopnemer	n	de · mv. bandopnemers	a tape recorder
tjap	n	de · mv. tjappen	a hoe; a mark, a characteristic feature
veldbrand	n	de · mv. veldbranden	a bushfire, a wildfire in a field or shrubland; the clamp method of baking bricks
omstaan	v	stond om – omgestaan	to stand around
hulpverlener	n	de · mv. hulpverleners	aid worker; first responder
kroegtijger	n	de · mv. kroegtijgers	a frequent pub goer, a pub patron; (university slang) a student who spends a…
bosmarmot	n	de · mv. bosmarmotten	groundhog (Marmota monax)
kanarievogel	n	de · mv. kanarievogels	a canary, bird of the genus Serinus or specifically Serinus canaria
stamvader	n	de · mv. stamvaders	a male ancestor of a family, a family's founding father, a patriarch
rijkunst	n	de · mv. rijkunsten	equestrianism; one's horse-riding skills; one's driving skills
vleeswaar	n	de · mv. vleeswaren	processed meat products, smallgoods
basterdsuiker	n	de · mv. basterdsuikers	brown sugar, muscovado
kristalsuiker	n	de · mv. kristalsuikers	granulated sugar, table sugar
bloedsuiker	n	de · mv. bloedsuikers	blood sugar (glucose (level) in blood)
suikerboon	n	de · mv. suikerbonen	a sugar plum, a piece of hard candy or boiled sweets
kandijsuiker	n	de	sugar candy, rock candy, rock sugar
kruidnagelsigaret	n	de · mv. kruidnagelsigaretten	a kretek
strandbal	n	de · mv. strandballen	a beach ball
kiezelstrand	n	het · mv. kiezelstranden	a pebble beach, a shingle beach
strandwacht	n	de · mv. strandwachten	a beach lifeguard; a guard squad at or near a beach
ooievaarsdorp	n	het · mv. ooievaarsdorpen	a place where breeding pairs of tame storks are kept to increase or maintain…
krieken	v	kriekte – gekriekt	to break, to dawn
bijenhoning	n	de	bees' honey
kwantiteit	n	de	quantity, amount
dierenleed	n	het	animal suffering
dierenwinkel	n	de · mv. dierenwinkels	a pet shop, a pet store
nachtdier	n	het · mv. nachtdieren	a nocturnal animal
dierproef	n	de · mv. dierproeven	an animal test
hoefdier	n	het · mv. hoefdieren	an ungulate, a hooved animal; formerly considered a member of the Ungulata
pantoffeldier	n	het · mv. pantoffeldieren	a ciliate of the genus Paramecium
fokschaap	n	het · mv. fokschapen	a breeding sheep, a sheep used for breeding
detrivoor	n	de · mv. detrivoren	a detrivore
detrivoor	a		detrivorous
stofwisselingsziekte	n	de · mv. stofwisselingsziekten	a metabolic disease
stoichiometrie	n	de · mv. stoichiometrieën	stoichiometry; the study and calculation of quantitative (measurable)…
doorbakken	v	doorbakte – doorbakken	to bake thoroughly; to bake completely, bake from beginning till end; to continue baking
subduraal	a		subdural
epiduraal	a		epidural
xanthaan	n	het	xanthan (polysaccharide produced by Xanthomonas campestris)
xenofobisch	a		xenophobic
xenongas	n	het	xenon gas
Santen	m		Xanten, a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, near the Rhine
lozing	n	de · mv. lozingen	dumping, discharging
vogelzaad	n	het · mv. vogelzaden	birdseed
zaagvis	n	de · mv. zaagvissen	a sawfish, ray of the family Pristidae
zaagtand	n	de · mv. zaagtanden	a sawtooth (cutting bit of a saw)
zaaigoed	n	het	seed intended for sowing
ansichtkaart	n	de · mv. ansichtkaarten	a picture postcard
godzalig	a		pious, devout
zaalvoetbal	n	het	indoor football, futsal
troonzaal	n	de · mv. troonzalen	throne room
kerkzaal	n	de · mv. kerkzalen	a church hall
feestzaal	n	de · mv. feestzalen	a ballroom, a party room
kandidate	n	de · mv. kandidates	a female candidate
mantelverzorger	n	de · mv. mantelverzorgers	synonym of mantelzorger
schoorsteenmantel	n	de · mv. schoorsteenmantels	the mantle of the fireplace of a chimney
mantelpak	n	het · mv. mantelpakken	a ladies' suit with a skirt
zakkerig	a		slouched, having a sagged posture
zaaitijd	n	de · mv. zaaitijden	sowing time, sowing season
zemen	v	zeemde – gezeemd	to wipe with a cloth of chamois leather
ontbossen	v	ontboste – ontbost	to deforest
ontgelden	v	ontgold – ontgolden	to pay for, to suffer for, cop it, get some stick for
ontgeven	v	ontgaf – ontgeven	to decline, to refuse; to give up, to abandon
gaviaal	n	de · mv. gavialen	gharial (Gavialis gangeticus)
ontgiften	v	ontgiftte – ontgift	to detoxify
ontgraten	v	ontgraatte – ontgraat	to bone, to remove fishbones
ontgrendelen	v	ontgrendelde – ontgrendeld	to unbolt, to unlock
ontvlammen	v	ontvlamde – ontvlamd	to begin to catch flames; to inflame
ontleren	v	ontleerde – ontleerd	to unlearn; to break with a habit
ontzanden	v	ontzandde – ontzand	to remove sediment
ontwormen	v	ontwormde – ontwormd	to deworm, to remove worms
ontronden	v	ontrondde – ontrond	to unround; to unround, to delabialize
ontharden	v	onthardde – onthard	to soften, to make less hard; to untemper
ontkalken	v	ontkalkte – ontkalkt	to descale; to decalcify
ontzouten	v	ontzoutte – ontzouten	to desalt, to desalinate
ontwinden	v	ontwond – ontwonden	to unwind; to relax, to settle down
wapenwedloop	n	de · mv. wapenwedlopen	arms race
headbangen	v	headbangde – geheadbangd	to headbang
werkdag	n	de · mv. werkdagen	working day, workday
arbeidsdag	n	de · mv. arbeidsdagen	working day, workday
afvalrace	n	de · mv. afvalraces	a knockout race
eenzaamheid	n	de	loneliness
palmboom	n	de · mv. palmbomen	a palm tree, tree of the family Palmae; a palm tree, a tree or shrub resembling a tree of that family
mededogen	n	het	mercy, compassion, pity
mulder	n	de · mv. mulders	a miller
paaltjesvoetbal	n	het	a variant of football in which each player or team has a pin, cone or block…
godenzoon	n	de · mv. godenzonen	a male demigod, hero; a male sports champion
godendochter	n	de · mv. godendochters	a demigoddess, a female hero
gracieus	a		elegant, graceful
eindnoot	n	de · mv. eindnoten	an endnote
vlammenwerper	n	de · mv. vlammenwerpers	a flamethrower
schimmenspel	n	het · mv. schimmenspelen	a shadow play; a shady, suspicious situation or turn of events
dwangsom	n	de · mv. dwangsommen	a financial penalty; a sum of money that one is legally required to pay,…
Zeeuw	n	de · mv. Zeeuwen	a Zeelander, a person from Zeeland, the Netherlands
zeevaart	n	de	seafaring, seafaring, marine navigation
walvisvaart	n	de	whaling
evengoed	d		just as well; all in all
beleren	v	beleerde – beleerd	to reprimand, to criticise (now usually connoting pedantry)
onderrichten	v	onderrichtte – onderricht	to teach, to educate
hospitaliseren	v	hospitaliseerde – gehospitaliseerd	to hospitalise, to admit into a hospital
lontroer	n	het · mv. lontroeren	a small matchlock gun, a small musket
boerenslimheid	n	de	a type of down-to-earth cleverness based on levelheadedness, suspicion and…
slimheid	n	de	cleverness, smartness, ingenuity
geloofsafval	n	de	religious apostasy
stadsstrand	n	het · mv. stadsstranden	an urban beach, often an artificial beach
zelfsgenoegzaam	a		self-sufficient, existing independently
manhaftig	a		combative; daring, brave; manly
ontvouwen	v	ontvouwde – ontvouwen	to unfold; to explain
kapotmaken	v	maakte kapot – kapotgemaakt	to break
carcinogeen	a		carcinogenic , causing cancer
carcinogeen	n	het · mv. carcinogenen	a carcinogenic substance
slaapverwekkend	a		soporific, inducing sleep; soporific, incredibly boring
bankrekening	n	de · mv. bankrekeningen	a bank account
ziektekosten	n		healthcare costs
legkip	n	de · mv. legkippen	a laying hen
leghen	n	de · mv. leghennen	a laying hen
kippenei	n	het · mv. kippeneieren	a chicken egg
sneeuwschep	n	de · mv. sneeuwscheppen	snow shovel
meesterzet	n	de · mv. meesterzetten	a brilliant move; a masterstroke
zelfzucht	n	de	egoism (tendency to think of self)
zelfzuchtig	a		selfish, egoistic, self-centered
verbijstering	n	de · mv. verbijsteringen	consternation, astonishment, stupor
zintuigorgaan	n	het · mv. zintuigorganen	sense organ
zitbank	n	de · mv. zitbanken	a couch, a sofa
optimalisatie	n	de · mv. optimalisaties	optimisation
gordelroos	n	de	shingles
zooglam	n	het · mv. zooglammeren	a lamb that is still suckled
begoocheling	n	de · mv. begoochelingen	illusion, deception
dierendienst	n	de	animal worship, zoolatry
zedenbederf	n	het	moral collapse, moral degeneration
zuchtmeisje	n	het · mv. zuchtmeisjes	a female singer with a soft, breathy and relatively high voice, often one…
zomerdijk	n	de · mv. zomerdijken	a relatively low dike close to a body of water, that serves as a flood…
Wezet	m		Visé, a town in Belgium
Borgworm	m		Waremme, a town in Belgium
Oerle	m		a village and former municipality of Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands; Oreye, a town in Belgium
Bitsingen	m		Bassenge, a town in Belgium
Klein-Ternaaien	m		Petit-Lanaye, a village in Belgium
Lieze	m		Lixhe, a village in Belgium
Ternaaien	m		Lanaye, a village in Belgium
Wonk	m		Wonck, a village in Belgium
Rukkelingen-aan-de-Jeker	m		Roclenge-sur-Geer, a village in Belgium
Jeker	m		Geer/Jeker, a river in Belgium
Beurs	m		Boirs, a village in Belgium
Glaaien	m		Glons, a town in Belgium
Nudorp	m		Wihogne, a village in Belgium
Wouteringen	m		Otrange, a town in Belgium
Liek	m		Oleye, a town in Belgium
Bettenhoven	m		Bettincourt, a village in Belgium
Korsworm	m		Corswarem, a village in Belgium
Roost-Krenwik	m		Rosoux-Crenwick, a village in Belgium
Krenwik	m		Crenwick, a town in Belgium
Truielingen	m		Trognée, a village in Belgium
Lijsem	m		Lincent, a town in Belgium
Raatshoven	m		Racour, a village in Belgium
Geten	m		Jauche, a town in Belgium
Adorp-Geten	m		Orp-Jauche, a village in Belgium
Nodevoorde	m		Noduwez, a village in Belgium
Heilissem	m		Hélécine, a village in Belgium
Petrem	m		Piétrain, a village in Belgium
Perwijs	m		Perwez, a town in Belgium
Oorbeek	m		Oorbeek, a village in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant; Orbais, a village in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant
Opgeldenaken	m		Jodoigne-Souveraine, a village in Belgium
Geldenaken	m		Jodoigne, a town in Belgium
Laatwijk	m		Lathuy, a village in Belgium
Zittert-Lummen	m		Zétrud-Lumay, a village in Belgium
Sint-Jans-Geest	m		Saint-Jean-Geest, a village in Belgium
Sint-Remigius-Geest	m		Saint-Remy-Geest, a village in Belgium
Gobertingen	m		Gobertange, a village in Belgium
Neerbeek	m		a village in Beek, Limburg, Netherlands; Piétrebais, a village in Belgium
Sluizen	m		Sluizen, a borough of Tongeren, Belgium; L'Écluse, a village in Belgium
Bevekom	m		Beauvechain, a town in Belgium
Nodebeek	m		Nodebais, a village in Belgium
Deurne	m		a town and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands; Deurne, a district of the city of Antwerp, Belgium; Tourinnes-la-Grosse, a village in Belgium
Waver	m		Wavre, a town in Belgium; a hamlet in Ouder-Amstel, North Holland, Netherlands
Rozieren	m		Rosières, a village in Belgium
Terhulpen	m		La Hulpe, a village in Belgium
Eigenbrakel	m		Braine-l'Alleud, a town in Belgium
Nijvel	m		Nivelles, a town in Belgium
Itter	m		Ittre, a town in Belgium
Kasteelbrakel	m		Braine-le-Château, a town in Belgium
Oostkerk	m		Oisquercq, a village in Belgium
Atrecht	m		Arras, a city in France
Bastenaken	m		Bastogne, a town in Belgium
Doornik	m		Tournai, a town in Hainaut, Belgium; a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hazebroek	m		Hazebrouck, a village in France
Zuid-Afrikaan	n	de · mv. Zuid-Afrikanen	South African, person from South Africa
Zuid-Amerikaan	n	de · mv. Zuid-Amerikanen	South American, a person from South America
Zuid-Amerikaans	a		South American; of, from or pertaining to South America
Zuid-Hollander	n	de · mv. Zuid-Hollanders	a person from South Holland
Zuid-Koreaan	n	de · mv. Zuid-Koreanen	South Korean, a person from South Korea
Zuid-Koreaans	a		South Korean; of, from or pertaining to South Korea or South Koreans
Danswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
hoernalist	n	de · mv. hoernalisten	presstitute
zwaardknop	n	de · mv. zwaardknoppen	the pommel of a sword
zonaal	a		zonal
televisiekijker	n	de · mv. televisiekijkers	a television viewer, one who watches television
spreekkoor	n	het · mv. spreekkoren	a chant shouted by the audience at sports matches and at performances
landverraad	n	het	treason against one's country
landverrader	n	de · mv. landverraders	a traitor who betrays one's country
dorpsbank	n	de · mv. dorpsbanken	a village bank (office of a financial institution in a village)
matrixbord	n	het · mv. matrixborden	a matrix sign, a variable-message sign
Zweed	n	de · mv. Zweden	a Swede, person from Sweden
y-as	n	de · mv. y-assen	y-axis (vertical axis in 2-dimensional graphs; 2nd horizontal axis in…
kunstboter	n	de · mv. kunstboters	a spread used as a butter substitute, especially margarine
transvet	n	het · mv. transvetten	a transfat
zaadolie	n	de · mv. zaadoliën	oil obtained from seeds
berghelling	n	de · mv. berghellingen	a mountain slope, a mountainous incline
Birmaan	n	de · mv. Birmanen	a Burman, a person from Burma (Myanmar); an ethnic Burman, a person from the Burmese ethnicity
Birmees	n	de · mv. Birmezen	a Burman, a person from Burma (Myanmar); an ethnic Burman, a person from the Burmese ethnicity
Birmees	m		Burmese, the Burmese language spoken in Myanmar
Birmees	a		Burman, Burmese, Myanmarese; pertaining to Burma, the Burmese languages,…
bisamrat	n	de · mv. bisamratten	synonym of muskusrat (“muskrat (Ondatra zibethicus)”)
raasdonder	n	de · mv. raasdonders	a field pea (seed of Pisum sativum), especially when used in dishes
liberalisatie	n	de · mv. liberalisaties	liberalisation
doodsbed	n	het · mv. doodsbedden	deathbed
sterfbed	n	het · mv. sterfbedden	deathbed
bitumineus	a		bituminous, pertaining to bitumen or similar substances
slingerpad	n	het · mv. slingerpaden	a winding path
abacterieel	a		abacterial
schaamteloos	a		shameless, impudent
runderdief	n	de · mv. runderdieven	cattle thief, abactor
affiniteit	n	de · mv. affiniteiten	affinity
esthetisch	a		aesthetic
vergoddelijking	n	de	deification, apotheosis
automatisering	n	de · mv. automatiseringen	automation
machtiging	n	de · mv. machtigingen	authorisation, permission (express approval to do something)
symmetrieas	n	de · mv. symmetrieassen	axis of symmetry
vingerdier	n	het · mv. vingerdieren	aye-aye (Daubentonia madagascariensis)
huisnummer	n	het · mv. huisnummers	house number
boerenpummel	n	de · mv. boerenpummels	a (usually male) rube, a bumpkin (unsophisticated rural man)
ijzig	a		icy
inventaris	n	de · mv. inventarissen	inventory (stock of an item on hand at a particular location or business); inventory (list of all of the items on hand); inventory
ontvlieden	v	ontvlood – ontvloden	to flee, to avoid
ontvonken	v	ontvonkte – ontvonkt	to ignite, begin to burn; begin to spark
ontstelen	v	ontstal – ontstolen	to deprive; to steal; to remove a stalk from fruit
vigeren	v	vigeerde – gevigeerd	to be in force, to be valid, to be current; to be influential, to dominate
galgenhumoristisch	a		displaying or pertaining to gallows humour
getoeter	n	het	toot (the noise of a horn or whistle)
spandoek	n	de · mv. spandoeken	banner
Marva	n	de · mv. Marva's	a member of the Marine Vrouwenafdeling, a former division of the Dutch navy…
vrouwenring	n	de · mv. vrouwenringen	a women's ring, a model of ring generally worn by women; a cervical cap, a diaphragm
stotig	a		prone to goring (of cattle)
bekkeneelvlies	n	het · mv. bekkeneelvliezen	pericranium
schedelvlies	n	het · mv. schedelvliezen	pericranium
snijbonenmolen	n	de · mv. snijbonenmolens	a bean slicer; a kitchen implement for cutting long beans into pieces by…
kapucijner	a		Capuchin
kapucijner	n	de · mv. kapucijners	a field pea, variety of Pisum sativum
brandmiddel	n	het · mv. brandmiddelen	an instrument or substance used for cauterising
mensenmassa	n	de · mv. mensenmassa's	a crowd of people, a multitude of humans
kruitschip	n	het · mv. kruitschepen	a powder ship (cargo ship transporting gunpowder)
verdelingsplan	n	het · mv. verdelingsplannen	a partition plan
voorbinddildo	n	de · mv. voorbinddildo's	strap-on dildo
veenmos	n	het · mv. veenmossen	peat moss, moss of the genus Sphagnum
panoramadek	n	het · mv. panoramadekken	a panorama deck
mantelmeeuw	n	de · mv. mantelmeeuwen	either of two gull species of the genus Larus, the great black-backed gull…; synonym of grote mantelmeeuw (“great black-backed gull”)
omwallen	v	omwalde – omwald	to wall in, to surround with walls
standvastig	a		strong, steadfast, steady
voorbinden	v	bond voor – voorgebonden	to fasten before someone or something
wasgoed	n	het	laundry (that which needs to be laundered)
afblijven	v	bleef af – afgebleven	to keep one's hands off
afblijven	i		hands off!, leave be! (telling someone not to touch something)
napoleontisch	a		Napoleonic
feeks	n	de · mv. feeksen	shrew, bitch (malicious or bad-tempered woman)
karveel	n	de/het · mv. karvelen	a caravel
rozenveld	n	het · mv. rozenvelden	a rose field
klaarover	n	de · mv. klaarovers	crossing guard
ontglippen	v	ontglipte – ontglipt	to slip away; to escape, evade, get away
ontgraven	v	ontgroef – ontgraven	to excavate, to unearth
onthaasten	v	onthaastte – onthaast	to slow down; to relax
overhaasten	v	overhaastte – overhaast	to rush, hurry; to rouse
onthalzen	v	onthalsde – onthalsd	to behead, to decapitate
overvragen	v	overvroeg – overvraagd	to ask too much, to ask more than reasonable; to ask again
overhoren	v	overhoorde – overhoord	to question, to interrogate; to examine orally
volbouwen	v	volbouwde – volbouwd	to fully build, to build till completion; to build in specific area till it's filled up
overmannen	v	overmande – overmand	to overpower, to overwhelm
opzoomeren	v	zoomerde op – opgezoomerd	to increase the quality of life and social cohesion in a residential street,…
vijfjarenplan	n	het · mv. vijfjarenplannen	five-year plan (economic plan with a duration of five years in a socialist…
besnot	a		covered in snot
afnaaien	v	naaide af – afgenaaid	to complete sewing
doorvochtigen	v	doorvochtigde – doorvochtigd	to thoroughly moisten, to penetrate with moisture
overhoring	n	de · mv. overhoringen	oral exam, oral test
beieren	v	beierde – gebeierd	to sound (a large bell)
aandrentelen	v	drentelde aan – aangedrenteld	to stroll near
drentelen	v	drentelde – gedrenteld	to stroll, to walk leisurely and slowly
ontmannen	v	ontmande – ontmand	to emasculate, to castrate (a man or male animal)
bosnimf	n	de · mv. bosnimfen	a wood nymph, a dryad
afstappen	v	stapte af – afgestapt	to get off (a vehicle or mount), to unmount, to disembark
luchtverkeer	n	het	air traffic
narcostaat	n	de · mv. narcostaten	narcostate
ceremonieus	a		ceremonial, ceremonious
doodboek	n	het · mv. doodboeken	a register in which the deceased are written down
certificeren	v	certificeerde – gecertificeerd	to certify, to provide with a certificate
bodemonderzoek	n	het · mv. bodemonderzoeken	a soil survey, soil research; a thorough investigation, to get to the bottom of something
klokkijken	v	keek klok – klokgekeken	to tell time
nestkast	n	de · mv. nestkasten	a nest box, a nesting box
dievenlantaarn	n	de · mv. dievenlantaarns	a portable lantern whose light can be blocked by means of a shutter
vetbol	n	de · mv. vetbollen	suet cake, fat ball
volgroeien	v	volgroeide – volgroeid	to mature, to become full-grown
voleinden	v	voleindde – voleind	to complete, to finish
volvoeren	v	volvoerde – volvoerd	to fulfill, to successfully perform
voldragen	v	voldroeg – voldragen	to carry out till completion; to carry an unborn child till it's developed
machtsmisbruik	n	het	abuse of power
lustmoord	n	de · mv. lustmoorden	a murder with a sexual motive
lustmoordenaar	n	de · mv. lustmoordenaars	a (usually male) murderer with a sexual motive
wurging	n	de	strangulation
verwurgen	v	verwurgde – verwurgd	to kill by strangling
druppen	v	drupte – gedrupt	to drip
verstuiten	v	verstuitte – verstuit	to sprain
balansmaker	n	de · mv. balansmakers	one who produces balances (scales)
briefloon	n	het	postage for a letter, the charge for the delivery of a letter
postzak	n	de · mv. postzakken	a mailbag (large bag for transporting mail in large quantities)
citroenvla	n	de	lemon vla, a custard or maizena-based dessert made with lemon juice and…
broederloos	a		brotherless
achterschip	n	het · mv. achterschepen	the aft, the back portion of a ship
blauwzucht	n	de	cyanosis
blaasspeeltuig	n	het · mv. blaasspeeltuigen	wind instrument
speeltuig	n	het · mv. speeltuigen	playground equipment; toy
strafbaarstelling	n	de · mv. strafbaarstellingen	criminalisation
dierenpark	n	het · mv. dierenparken	a zoo; a wildlife park
Eurocommissaris	n	de · mv. Eurocommissarissen	European commissioner
chijlmaking	n	de	chyle production
dobbelspel	n	het · mv. dobbelspelen	a die game (game played with dice), often a gambling game
zuurstofcilinder	n	de · mv. zuurstofcilinders	a cylindrical oxygen canister
maatcilinder	n	de · mv. maatcilinders	a measuring cylinder
cilinderhoed	n	de · mv. cilinderhoeden	a top hat
moordlust	n	de	bloodlust, a desire to murder
superreus	n	de · mv. superreuzen	a supergiant (type of star)
overlappen	v	overlapte – overlapt	to overlap
ondertiteling	n	de · mv. ondertitelingen	the subtitles to a video in a particular language (see usage note); sub
aangrinniken	v	grinnikte aan – aangegrinnikt	to giggle at (someone) (often implying mockery)
grinniken	v	grinnikte – gegrinnikt	to giggle
conciliair	a		conciliar, pertaining to a church council
aantekenaar	n	de · mv. aantekenaars	one who signs up for something
inburgeraar	n	de · mv. inburgeraars	one who integrates (into a different society)
vleselijk	a		fleshly, carnal
aanschieten	v	schoot aan – aangeschoten	to shoot at (something) while landing a hit but not killing the target; to quickly put on (clothes); to approach or arrive quickly
stroopkoek	n	de · mv. stroopkoeken	a Dutch syrup waffle made of two biscuits with syrup between them, somewhat…
badwater	n	het	bathwater
urnenveldencultuur	m		the Urnfield culture
urnenveld	n	het · mv. urnenvelden	urnfield
krachtveld	n	het · mv. krachtvelden	a force field
honkballer	n	de · mv. honkballers	a baseball player
voetbalspeler	n	de · mv. voetbalspelers	a footballer (Britain); a football player (Britain), a soccer player (US,…
voetbalspeelster	n	de · mv. voetbalspeelsters	a female football player, a female footballer
statuut	n	het · mv. statuten	statute, legislation, regulation; written collection of laws or rules; statute
meerzinnig	a		polysemic; having multiple meanings
hoofdreeksster	n	de · mv. hoofdreekssterren	main-sequence star
hoofdreeks	n	de · mv. hoofdreeksen	a main series, a main sequence; the main sequence
ontegenzeggelijk	a		indisputable, undeniable, incontrovertible
tegenzeggelijk	a		disputable, deniable, controvertible
abortie	n	de · mv. aborties	a miscarriage, a spontaneous abortion; an induced abortion
werkelijkheidszin	n	de	sense of reality; realism
reëel	a		real, actual; realistic; pertaining or relevant to a case
laurierblad	n	het · mv. laurierbladeren	a bay leaf, a laurel leaf, often used as a culinary herb
laurierkrans	n	de · mv. laurierkransen	a laurel wreath, a symbol of victory
lauwerkrans	n	de · mv. lauwerkransen	a laurel wreath, a symbol of victory
lauwer	n	de · mv. lauweren	synonym of laurier (“laurel (Laurus nobilis)”)
waterkers	n	de · mv. waterkersen	watercress, plant of the genus Nasturtium
kaneelsuiker	n	de	cinnamon sugar (mixture of granulated sugar and ground cinnamon)
Noach	m		Noah (mythological Biblical figure)
Noë	m		Noah (mythological Biblical figure)
kerriepoeder	n	het	curry powder
melkpoeder	n	het	milk powder, powdered milk
rattengif	n	het · mv. rattengiffen	rat poison
rattenvergif	n	het · mv. rattenvergiffen	rat poison
schapenvlees	n	het	mutton
schrijfgerei	n	het	stationery, writing materials, writing implements
vooronderstellen	v	vooronderstelde – voorondersteld	to presuppose, presume
voorvertonen	v	voorvertoonde – voorvertoond	to preview, exhibit beforehand
onderwaarderen	v	onderwaardeerde – onderwaardeerd	to underappreciate; to underestimate, to undervalue
ondervangen	v	onderving – ondervangen	to forestall, to prevent; to intercept
soepstengel	n	de · mv. soepstengels	a breadstick
houzee	i		hurrah, huzzah; a greeting used by the Dutch National Socialist Movement, akin to Sieg Heil
iewers	d		somewhere
luieruitslag	n	de	nappy rash, diaper rash
zweefmolen	n	de · mv. zweefmolens	a swing carousel, a chairoplane
grensoorlog	n	de · mv. grensoorlogen	a border war (war at and/or about borders)
Caïro	m		Cairo (the capital city of Egypt); Cairo (a governorate of Egypt)
schateiland	n	het · mv. schateilanden	treasure island
schatzoeker	n	de · mv. schatzoekers	a treasure hunter
kippenvoer	n	het	chicken feed (food for chickens and similar poultry)
kippengaas	n	het	chicken wire (relatively fine and flexible gauze with hexagonal holes)
kippenboer	n	de · mv. kippenboeren	a chicken farmer
kippenren	n	de · mv. kippenrennen	a chicken run
moorkop	n	de · mv. moorkoppen	a large profiterole filled with cream, glazed with chocolate and topped with…
limonadesiroop	n	de · mv. limonadesiropen	cordial (concentrated noncarbonated soft drink diluted with water before…
vlaflip	n	de · mv. vlaflips	a dessert made from vla, yogurt and cordial, mainly eaten by children
confituur	n	de · mv. confituren	sugar-preserved confited fruits
paranimf	n	de · mv. paranimfen	anyone accompanying a bride or groom at their wedding, sometimes also taking…; an assistant to a central figure at an important ceremony; an assistant to a doctoral candidate at the latter's dissertation defense…
slasaus	n	de · mv. slasauzen	a salad dressing, often resembling inviscid mayonnaise
chocoladereep	n	de · mv. chocoladerepen	a chocolate bar
tjaptjoi	n	de	chop suey (Chinese dish with meat and mixed vegetables)
aanhijsen	v	hees aan – aangehesen	to raise, to lift; to put on (clothing or armour), usually requiring some effort
afzichtig	a		hideous, very ugly
glasmie	n	de	cellophane noodles, glass noodles
patjepeeër	n	de · mv. patjepeeërs	a tasteless and vulgar nouveau riche (or pretending to be) show-off
voedingswaardetabel	n	de · mv. voedingswaardetabellen	nutritional table (table containing nutritional information)
tabelleren	v	tabelleerde – getabelleerd	to tabulate
tabulair	a		tabular (having a flat plane surface); tabular (organized as a table or list)
stormparaplu	n	de · mv. stormparaplu's	a storm-resistant umbrella
afzingen	v	zong af – afgezongen	to sing to completion
garagehouder	n	de · mv. garagehouders	a garage owner
bijenkast	n	de · mv. bijenkasten	a modern-style boxlike beehive
stoomcursus	n	de · mv. stoomcursussen	a very short intensive educational course to prepare students for an exam or…
klaarstomen	v	stoomde klaar – klaargestoomd	to rapidly prepare, to quickly make ready
stomen	v	stoomde – gestoomd	to be propelled by steam, to move while powered by a steam engine; to steam, to cook by means of steam; to steam, to clean by means of steam
pauwin	n	de · mv. pauwinnen	a peahen, a female peafowl; a gorgeous, impressively dressed, vain or ostentatious woman
spellingvariant	n	de · mv. spellingvarianten	a variant spelling
variatie	n	de · mv. variaties	variant, the act, process or instance of varying
hongerloon	n	het · mv. hongerlonen	a starvation wage, a pittance
allofoon	n	de · mv. allofonen	an allophone
doornboom	n	de · mv. doornbomen	a tree or shrub of the genus Crataegus, e.g. a hawthorn or mayblossom
doornhaag	n	de · mv. doornhagen	a hedge of thorns
doornenkroon	n	de · mv. doornenkronen	a crown of thorns
hardlijvig	a		constipated, suffering constipation
koemelk	n	de	cowmilk
rijstepap	n	de	rice porridge
Atjeh	m		Aceh (province of Indonesia; former sultanate)
Vilvoorde	m		Vilvoorde (a city in Flemish Brabant, Flanders, Belgium)
Tienen	m		Tienen (a city in Flemish Brabant, Belgium)
Zoutleeuw	m		a city and municipality of Flemish Brabant, Belgium
Deinze	m		a city in East Flanders, Belgium
soldeerbout	n	de · mv. soldeerbouten	a soldering iron
Dendermonde	m		a city in East Flanders, Belgium
kippenbout	n	de · mv. kippenbouten	a thigh and lower leg of a chicken, a half chicken haunch
kippenpoot	n	de · mv. kippenpoten	a chicken leg, the lower leg of a chicken
Geel	m		a city in Antwerp, Belgium
zoekopdracht	n	de · mv. zoekopdrachten	a search query, a query entered into a search function or a search engine
doorkijkblouse	n	de · mv. doorkijkblouses	a see-through blouse
aha-erlebnis	n	de · mv. aha-erlebnissen	a eureka experience (experience of suddenly gaining insight)
kerkorde	n	de · mv. kerkordes	a church constitution, a church order
aanschrappen	v	schrapte aan – aangeschrapt	to mark with a short horizontal line (e.g. a hyphen or dash)
ithyfallisch	a		ithyphallic
aanhuilen	v	huilde aan – aangehuild	to approach while crying or weeping (chiefly of people or the wind)
voorvoelen	v	voorvoelde – voorvoeld	to sense beforehand; to anticipate, expect
Herentals	m		a city in Antwerp, Belgium
Hoogstraten	m		a city and municipality of Antwerp, Belgium
Mortsel	m		a city and municipality of Antwerp, Belgium
Beringen	m		a city and municipality of Belgium; a town in Mersch canton, Luxembourg; a municipality of Schaffhausen canton, Switzerland
beringen	v	beringde – beringd	to ring; to fully surround with a dyke; to force
indicatie	n	de · mv. indicaties	indication
avondspitsuur	n	het · mv. avondspitsuren	evening rush hour
ochtendspitsuur	n	het · mv. ochtendspitsuren	morning rush hour
ochtendspits	n	de · mv. ochtendspitsen	morning rush hour
spitsstrook	n	de · mv. spitsstroken	a lane or shoulder on a road, esp. a highway, that is open to traffic during…
autostuur	n	het · mv. autosturen	the steering wheel of an automobile
fietsstuur	n	het · mv. fietssturen	the handlebar of a bicycle
stuurbekrachtiging	n	de	power steering
stuurrad	n	het · mv. stuurraderen	a steering wheel (primarily of watercraft)
onkruidverdelger	n	de · mv. onkruidverdelgers	a herbicide (agent for destroying unwanted plantlife)
onkruiddoder	n	de · mv. onkruiddoders	a herbicide (agent for destroying unwanted plantlife)
schaamteloosheid	n	de	shamelessness, impudicity
hofpop	n	de · mv. hofpoppen	a courtesan, a high-status mistress or prostitute; a weak and foppish court noble
grapjas	n	de · mv. grapjassen	a joker, one who makes jokes
lolbroek	n	de · mv. lolbroeken	a joker, one who makes jokes
onverzorgd	a		slovenly, unkempt (having an untidy appearance)
vertrossen	n	de	to increasingly focus on entertainment over educative television and radio…
suatiekanaal	n	het · mv. suatiekanalen	a drainage channel
uitwateringskanaal	n	het · mv. uitwateringskanalen	drainage channel, drainage canal
ribbedebie	a		disappeared, gone, having left
quadrimester	n	het · mv. quadrimesters	quadrimester (period of four months)
oorlogsheld	n	de · mv. oorlogshelden	war hero
vooroorlogs	a		which is built, made or existed before World War II
oorlogsverslaggever	n	de · mv. oorlogsverslaggevers	war correspondent
bevinding	n	de · mv. bevindingen	finding, discovery, observation
miniem	a		tiny, insignificant
miniem	n	mv. miniemen	someone who competes in the category for players of age around 12
gejuich	n	het	acclamation, applause
Mandarijn	m		Mandarin (standard Chinese language)
hersendood	a		brain-dead
hersendood	n	de	brain death
kamerplant	n	de · mv. kamerplanten	an indoor plant, a houseplant
wieden	v	wiedde – gewied	to weed, to remove weeds (from)
orgelpijpcactus	n	de · mv. orgelpijpcactussen	organ pipe cactus (Stenocereus thurberi, syn. Glandulicereus thurberi)
orgelpijp	n	de · mv. orgelpijpen	an organ pipe
stalinorgel	n	het · mv. stalinorgels	a Katyusha (Soviet artillery multiple rocket launcher)
mosterdgas	n	het · mv. mosterdgassen	mustard gas
bollenveld	n	het · mv. bollenvelden	a field used for the cultivation of bulb plants; a bulb field
chrysant	n	de · mv. chrysanten	a chrysanthemum, flowering plant of the genus Chrysanthemum
opiumpapaver	n	de · mv. opiumpapavers	An opium poppy (Papaver somniferum); in particular a cultivar cultivated for…
groezelig	a		grubby, dirty
vergeet-mij-niet	n	de · mv. vergeet-mij-nieten	a forget-me-not, flower of the genus Myosotis
Doornroosje	m		Sleeping Beauty (fairy tale, character)
stekelig	a		spiny, prickly, bristly (having pins, barbs, thorns, etc.)
wilgenteen	n	de · mv. wilgentenen	a twig of a willow, suitable for wickerwork
wilgentenen	a		made of willow twigs
beukenboom	n	de · mv. beukenbomen	a beech tree, tree of the genus Fagus
iepenboom	n	de · mv. iepenbomen	an elm tree, tree of the genus Ulmus
berkenboom	n	de · mv. berkenbomen	a birch, tree of the genus Betula
hoogheid	n	de · mv. hoogheden	majesty, highness (title of respect for a monarch)
schoonheidsideaal	n	het · mv. schoonheidsidealen	a beauty ideal
stelregel	n	de · mv. stelregels	a principle
stekeblind	a		blind as a bat, blind as a mole
boekenplank	n	de · mv. boekenplanken	a bookshelf
lampet	n	het · mv. lampetten	a washbowl, a lavabo; a jug used for washing
minnebrief	n	de · mv. minnebrieven	a love letter
groefkopadder	n	de · mv. groefkopadders	a pit viper, any viper of the subfamily Crotalinae
bosmeester	n	de · mv. bosmeesters	a bushmaster, an Atlantic bushmaster, Lachesis muta
zeekrokodil	n	de · mv. zeekrokodillen	saltwater crocodile (Crocodylus porosus)
polyglottisch	a		polyglot, polyglottic
reddingswerker	n	de · mv. reddingswerkers	a rescue worker
projectielbraken	n	het	forceful vomiting
paardenfokker	n	de · mv. paardenfokkers	a horse breeder
fokker	n	de · mv. fokkers	an animal-breeder (one who breeds animals)
renpaard	n	het · mv. renpaarden	a racehorse
paardenras	n	het · mv. paardenrassen	a horse breed
paardenrennen	n	het	horse racing, horse race
paardentram	n	de · mv. paardentrams	a horse-drawn tram, a horsecar
paardrijder	n	de · mv. paardrijders	a horserider, an equestrian
kanonneerboot	n	de · mv. kanonneerboten	a gunboat
kanonneren	v	kanonneerde – gekanonneerd	to attack with cannons, to fire cannons (at)
mosdiertje	n	het · mv. mosdiertjes	bryozoan
kjoet	a		cute
teamsport	n	de · mv. teamsporten	team sport (sport competed between two teams each with two or more players)
klankwet	n	de · mv. klankwetten	sound law
stadsmuur	n	de · mv. stadsmuren	city wall
stadskern	n	de · mv. stadskernen	a city centre
provinciestad	n	de · mv. provinciesteden	a (relatively small) provincial city or town, not being part of a large…
handelsstad	n	de · mv. handelssteden	trading city, trading town
nachtapotheker	n	de · mv. nachtapothekers	a clandestine drug dealer; a pharmacy that (also) serves customers at night
comakijken	v		to binge-watch
sodomiet	n	de · mv. sodomieten	a sodomite, a man who penetrates another man anally or (more generally) any…
vroeggeboorte	n	de · mv. vroeggeboorten	premature birth
inktstaaf	n	de · mv. inktstaven	inkstick
vegetatie	n	de · mv. vegetaties	vegetation
begroeiing	n	de · mv. begroeiingen	vegetation
heterogeniteit	n	de · mv. heterogeniteiten	heterogeneity
overdonderen	v	overdonderde – overdonderd	to overwhelm, to overawe; to confuse, to mystify
overbluffen	v	overblufte – overbluft	to overwhelm, to overawe; to overbluff, to bluff excessively
overgroeien	v	overgroeide – overgroeid	to overgrow (to grow or spread over something so as to stifle it); to become completely covered by overgrowth
overbruggen	v	overbrugde – overbrugd	to bridge, to span; to connect, to attach; to overcome
overtroeven	v	overtroefde – overtroefd	to surpass; to overturn; to overtrump
overbelichten	v	overbelichtte – overbelicht	to overexpose
vetklep	n	de · mv. vetkleppen	a fatty, a podge
begrippenkader	n	het · mv. begrippenkaders	conceptual framework
onbeteugelbaar	a		untameable, indomitable
West-Azië	m		West Asia (the westernmost geographic region of Asia, which includes…
hoefijzermagneet	n	de · mv. hoefijzermagneten	a horseshoe magnet
koelkastmagneet	n	de · mv. koelkastmagneten	a refrigerator magnet
magneetkracht	n	de · mv. magneetkrachten	magnetic force, magnetism
magneetkop	n	de · mv. magneetkoppen	a magnetic head, a tape head (magnetic transducer)
natuurmagneet	n	de · mv. natuurmagneten	a natural magnet, a lodestone
natuurscheikunde	n	de	science class (junior highschool subject teaching basic physics and chemistry)
broodjeaapverhaal	n	het · mv. broodjeaapverhalen	an urban legend (false anecdotal story presented as true)
Amerikanski	n	de · mv. Amerikanski's	Americansky, Yank, Yankee (stereotypical Slavic term of abuse for an…
zorgverzekering	n	de · mv. zorgverzekeringen	a health insurance
zorgverzekeraar	n	de · mv. zorgverzekeraars	a health insurer (insurance company providing health insurances)
verzekeringsmaatschappij	n	de · mv. verzekeringsmaatschappijen	an insurance company
autoverzekering	n	de · mv. autoverzekeringen	a car insurance
reservewiel	n	het · mv. reservewielen	spare wheel, spare tyre
reserveband	n	de · mv. reservebanden	a spare tyre
reserveleger	n	het · mv. reservelegers	a reserve army
vetreserve	n	de · mv. vetreserves	a fat reserve (reserve energy stored as fat by an organism)
vechtpartij	n	de · mv. vechtpartijen	a fight, a brawl
bevoelen	v	bevoelde – bevoeld	to touch, to feel, to perceive by touching
vervlaamsen	v	vervlaamste – vervlaamst	to make or become Flemish; Flemishize
hectometerpaal	n	de · mv. hectometerpalen	a roadside location marker placed at intervals of 100 m (1 hm)
metagegevens	n		metadata
traptree	n	de · mv. traptreden	a step of a staircase
thermoskan	n	de · mv. thermoskannen	a thermos (vacuum flask)
thermosfles	n	de · mv. thermosflessen	a thermos (vacuum flask)
portierraam	n	het · mv. portierramen	a window of a car door
waarsman	n	de · mv. waarsmannen	an official responsible for the representation of a district at a water board
bankroof	n	de · mv. bankroven	a bank robbery
boerenlul	n	de · mv. boerenlullen	a yokel, a rube
kutlul	n	de · mv. kutlullen	an objectionable person, a prick, a cunt
stopzetten	v	zette stop – stopgezet	to discontinue, to suspend, to adjourn, to interrupt (a process, function,…
minizuil	n	de · mv. minizuilen	a small pillar (institutional subgrouping), now usually associated with…
achterpoort	n	de · mv. achterpoorten	a postern, a back gate
geitenleer	n	het	goat leather
voortstuwing	n	de · mv. voortstuwingen	propulsion
scheldproza	n	het	vituperative prose
ondertitelen	v	ondertitelde – ondertiteld	to caption, to subtitle
aseksueel	a		asexual, not experiencing sexual attraction; asexual, not procreating sexually, not pertaining to sexual procreation; asexual, not displaying sex or sexual dimorphism
microchemie	n	de	microchemistry
optimaat	n	de · mv. optimaten	optimate (member of the ruling class and their faction in ancient Rome)
goudbaar	n	de · mv. goudbaren	a gold ingot
geboortedefect	n	het · mv. geboortedefecten	a birth defect
afborgen	v	borgde af – afgeborgd	to borrow
bandfabriek	n	de · mv. bandfabrieken	a textile mill producing ribbons or straps
spaceshuttle	n	de · mv. spaceshuttles	a space shuttle
dissel	n	de · mv. dissels	an adze; a drawing pole between the animals of team of a cart, particularly in…; a drawbar of a hauled load
hufterproof	a		being capable of withstanding vandalism and general antisocial behaviour;…
topprioriteit	n	de · mv. topprioriteiten	top priority, highest priority
bronbescherming	n	de	source protection, source confidentiality
standaardwerk	n	het · mv. standaardwerken	standard work
droogmakerij	n	de · mv. droogmakerijen	a portion of land that is being or has been formed by draining a body of…; the process or enterprise of producing such a portion of land
erfelijkheidsleer	n	de	genetics
saluutschot	n	het · mv. saluutschoten	a salute shot
gegadigd	a		having or showing interest; sought after, in demand
stuwkracht	n	de	impulse; propulsion; thrust
postkoets	n	de · mv. postkoetsen	a mailcoach, a stage-coach
dimorf	a		dimorph
oprijlaan	n	de · mv. oprijlanen	driveway
hannesen	v	hanneste – gehannest	to mess around, to bungle, to act clumsily
fietsenhok	n	het · mv. fietsenhokken	a roofed place where bicycle can be stalled; a bicycle shed (often (semi-)open)
tegeltjeswijsheid	n	de · mv. tegeltjeswijsheden	a proverb or saying that is often printed on tiles, often placed in bathrooms; a supposedly wise but platitudinous saying, a platitude
pleisterplaats	n	de · mv. pleisterplaatsen	a place where one rests and refreshes during travels, in particular a rest…
kutkind	n	het · mv. kutkinderen	a nasty child, a shitty child
dagbladpers	n	de · mv. dagbladpersen	the daily press; the section of the press sector that publishes daily newspapers; a printing press used for printing daily newspapers
besturingseenheid	n	de · mv. besturingseenheden	a control unit (input device for controlling a piece of hardware)
huistelefoon	n	de · mv. huistelefonen	a home telephone
telefoonverbinding	n	de · mv. telefoonverbindingen	telephone connection
zuurstok	n	de · mv. zuurstokken	sugar cane, peppermint stick
bijhorend	a		accompanying; associated
keiaarde	n	de	silicon
lesplan	n	het · mv. lesplannen	lesson plan
appelbeignet	n	de · mv. appelbeignets	apple beignet: a deep-fried slice of apple covered in batter traditionally…
dictionaire	n	de · mv. dictionaires	dictionary
uitspansel	n	het · mv. uitspansels	firmament, heaven, sky, welkin
Dun	m		a hamlet in Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
wederkerig	a		mutual, reciprocal
welopgevoed	a		well-brought-up, well-raised, well-bred, well-mannered
alomtegenwoordigheid	n	de · mv. alomtegenwoordigheden	omnipresence, ubiquity
duurvorm	n	de · mv. duurvormen	continuous-tense form
oogwit	n	het	sclera
dwarsbalk	n	de · mv. dwarsbalken	girder; fess
varenblad	n	het · mv. varenbladeren	frond
zwaartekrachtbron	n	het · mv. zwaartekrachtbronnen	gravity well
steekpartij	n	de · mv. steekpartijen	stabbing
opruiing	n	de · mv. opruiingen	insurrection, rebellion; sedition, incitement
openbarsten	v	barstte open – opengebarsten	to burst open
ondergrond	n	de · mv. ondergronden	underground, subsoil, subsurface, bottom; ground, basis, foundation, groundwork; compartment (mound beneath the shield in a coat of arms on which the…
uitbrakken	v	brakte uit – uitgebrakt	to gradually recover from a hangover
dichtplakken	v	plakte dicht – dichtgeplakt	to seal; to paste up
autopech	n	de	breakdown (mechanical failure) of a car
superheldin	n	de · mv. superheldinnen	a superheroine, a female superhero
vloerverwarming	n	de · mv. vloerverwarmingen	underfloor heating
kerstdiner	n	het · mv. kerstdiners	Christmas dinner
kerstmuziek	n	de	Christmas music
texasbroek	n	de · mv. texasbroeken	a pair of jeans
slootjespringen	v		to jump over a ditch, especially as a children's game
alcoholvrij	a		alcohol-free (not containing alcohol)
actualiteitenprogramma	n	het · mv. actualiteitenprogramma's	current-affairs programme
kerstvakantie	n	de · mv. kerstvakanties	a school holiday covering Christmas and New Year's Day, typically lasting…
bangalijst	n	de · mv. bangalijsten	a list of women who are considered to be easy sex partners
jeugdcultuur	n	de · mv. jeugdculturen	youth culture
Pijnacker	m		a village and former municipality of Pijnacker-Nootdorp, South Holland,…
geruststelling	n	de · mv. geruststellingen	a relief, a reassurance (something that puts the mind at ease)
slavenschip	n	het · mv. slavenschepen	a slave ship, a slaver
galeislaaf	n	de · mv. galeislaven	a galley slave, one forced to row on a galley
slavenarbeid	n	de	slave labour
huisslaaf	n	de · mv. huisslaven	a house slave
seksslaaf	n	de · mv. seksslaven	a sex slave (one forced into sexual work)
subversief	a		subversive
zieltogen	v	zieltoogde – gezieltoogd	to be about to die, to be in a state of imminent death
Leopoldstad	m		Former name of Kinshasa
gevorkt	a		forked (split in two)
erker	n	de · mv. erkers	bay window, oriel
bureel	n	het · mv. burelen	office
bezettingszone	n	de · mv. bezettingszones	zone of occupation, occupied zone
toiletbril	n	de · mv. toiletbrillen	a toilet seat
wc-bril	n	de · mv. wc-brillen	a toilet seat
klapstoel	n	de · mv. klapstoelen	folding chair, fold-up chair
Weimarrepubliek	m		Weimar Republic
slaafs	a		slavish, obsequious, subservient; slavish, unthinking, uncritically following orders or examples; pertaining to slaves or slavery
opklapbed	n	het · mv. opklapbedden	fold-up bed, Murphy bed
suikerziek	a		diabetic
nierfalen	n	het	kidney failure
grondwettelijk	a		constitutional
zadelmaker	n	de · mv. zadelmakers	a saddler, a saddlemaker
operatiekamer	n	de · mv. operatiekamers	operating theatre, operating room (room where surgical procedures are performed)
doka	n	de · mv. doka's	darkroom (photographic developing room)
ereteken	n	het · mv. eretekens	a mark of decoration, e.g. a medal, or a mark of honour
Neolatijn	m		New Latin
moedernegotie	n	de	the Dutch trade with the Baltic regions, especially during the sixteenth and…
amateurschilder	n	de · mv. amateurschilders	amateur painter
spelevaren	v	spelevaarde – gespelevaard	to sail as a recreational activity
seksualiteit	n	de · mv. seksualiteiten	sexuality, sexual intercourse, sexual activity; sexuality, sexual orientation
sterftecijfer	n	het · mv. sterftecijfers	mortality rate
tangverlossing	n	de · mv. tangverlossingen	delivery (birth) by means of a forceps
stuitligging	n	de · mv. stuitliggingen	breech position (of a foetus), breech presentation
stuitbevalling	n	de · mv. stuitbevallingen	breech delivery
keelkanker	n	de · mv. keelkankers	throat cancer
Caprivistrook	m		Caprivi Strip
Gazastrook	m		Gaza Strip (a region in Palestine between Egypt and Israel)
wachtkamer	n	de · mv. wachtkamers	a waiting room
Noordfries	m		the North Frisian language
Noordfries	n	de · mv. Noordfriezen	a North Frisian person
Noordfries	a		North Frisian
zwaartekrachtput	n	het · mv. zwaartekrachtputten	gravity well
zeventigste	a		seventieth
gelijkaardig	a		kindred, akin
stoefen	v	stoefte – gestoeft	to brag, to boast, to show off
gierigheid	n	de	avarice, stinginess
snoeven	v	snoefde – gesnoefd	to brag, to boast
kijkoperatie	n	de · mv. kijkoperaties	a keyhole surgery
bladcactus	n	de · mv. bladcactussen	a cactus with visible leaves or leaflike stems
bladtin	n	het	tin foil, sheet tin (tin in the shape of thin leaves)
blauwhelm	n	de · mv. blauwhelmen	blue helmet (soldier or civilian employee of a UN peacekeeping mission)
werkverschaffing	n	de · mv. werkverschaffingen	a public employment programme
dagbladzegel	n	het · mv. dagbladzegels	a stamp duty on newspapers
internaat	n	het · mv. internaten	a boarding school
geleidehond	n	de · mv. geleidehonden	guide dog
bloemetjesjurk	n	de · mv. bloemetjesjurken	a flowered dress
huizenblok	n	het · mv. huizenblokken	a block of houses, a residential block
blootsvoets	a		barefoot, without wearing any footwear
voedselvergiftiging	n	de · mv. voedselvergiftigingen	food poisoning
consumentenvuurwerk	n	het	consumer fireworks (fireworks sold to and used by the general public rather…
morshandel	n	de	illicit trade, especially in the territories of the monopolistic Dutch East…
zeewaardig	a		seaworthy
bodybuildster	n	de · mv. bodybuildsters	a female bodybuilder
boeddhist	n	de · mv. boeddhisten	Buddhist
boeddhisme	n	het	Buddhism
Boeddha	m		Buddha (Siddhartha Gautama)
boekenwijsheid	n	de · mv. boekenwijsheden	book knowledge; a wisdom derived from books
ruiker	n	de · mv. ruikers	a flower bouquet; one who smells using one's olfactory organs
handruiker	n	de · mv. handruikers	a flower bouquet
opbod	n	het	a higher bid at an auction
boedelscheiding	n	de · mv. boedelscheidingen	division of an estate
kloosterboerderij	n	de · mv. kloosterboerderijen	monastery farm, monastic farm
machteloosheid	n	de	powerlessness
veiligheidsbril	n	de · mv. veiligheidsbrillen	a pair of safety goggles
brilsmurf	n	de · mv. brilsmurfen	a four-eyes, someone who wears glasses
duikbril	n	de · mv. duikbrillen	a diving mask (halfmask) or a pair of swimming goggles
brillenglas	n	het · mv. brillenglazen	an eyeglass, a lense
brilmontuur	n	het · mv. brilmonturen	a spectacle frame (frame of a pair of glasses)
verslaafde	n	de · mv. verslaafden	an addict; in particular a drug addict
brillenpoot	n	de · mv. brillenpoten	a temple, an earpiece of a pair of glasses
ecotoon	n	de · mv. ecotonen	an ecotone
mesolithisch	a		Mesolithic
mesolithicum	n	het	Mesolithic, Middle Stone Age
jager-verzamelaar	n	de · mv. jager-verzamelaars	a hunter-gatherer
paleolithisch	a		Paleolithic
ondergroei	n	de	undergrowth (relatively short vegetation such as shrubs, when occurring…
jaarwisseling	n	de · mv. jaarwisselingen	turn of the year
Vrijheidsbeeld	m		Statue of Liberty
rentmeester	n	de · mv. rentmeesters	steward (manager of property or affairs on a third party's behalf)
klimaatspijbelaar	n	de · mv. klimaatspijbelaars	a climate striker who skips school in order to protest
tussentitel	n	de · mv. tussentitels	a subtitle, a subordinate heading; an intertitle
bijtellen	v	telde bij – bijgeteld	to add
Hil	m		a neighbourhood of Loon op Zand, North Brabant, Netherlands
alcoholtest	n	de · mv. alcoholtests	an alcohol test (e.g. a breath test or blood test for alcohol levels)
modeshow	n	de · mv. modeshows	a fashion show
huwelijkspartner	n	de · mv. huwelijkspartners	spouse
Texaans	a		Texan
aartsketter	n	de · mv. aartsketters	heresiarch (founder of a heresy)
verfoeilijk	a		abominable, detestable, despicable, execrable
gedruis	n	het	clamor/clamour (loud and continued noise)
bingen	v	bingede – gebinged	to binge
weduw	n	de · mv. weduwen	a widowed person; a widow or widower
o.v.v.	c		onder vermelding van
stapelmeervoud	n	het · mv. stapelmeervouden	double plural
debuutsingle	n	de · mv. debuutsingles	a debut single (track or musical record with which one debuts)
kopiist	n	de · mv. kopiisten	a copyist (chiefly in relation to writing)
kopiiste	n	de · mv. kopiistes	a female copyist (chiefly in relation to writing)
mannetjesputter	n	de · mv. mannetjesputters	a strong, tough man
dierenhuid	n	de · mv. dierenhuiden	animal skin, animal hide, rawhide
kloosterschool	n	de · mv. kloosterscholen	convent school, monastic school
aardbeienmelk	n	de	a sweet dairy drink with strawberry flavour
geboortig	a		born [with van or uit ‘in, at’] (of location); born [with uit ‘to, from’] (of ancestry)
nieuwjaarsnacht	n	de · mv. nieuwjaarsnachten	New Year's Eve (night from 31 December to 1 January)
stadsneger	n	de · mv. stadsnegers	a Surinamese creole person descending from plantation slaves who didn't…
wasrek	n	het · mv. wasrekken	a drying rack (rack for dryiing laundry)
droogrek	n	het · mv. droogrekken	a drying rack (rack for drying laundry)
botermarkt	n	de · mv. botermarkten	butter market
kleinood	n	het · mv. kleinoden	a small but valuable object or trinket
erflater	n	de · mv. erflaters	testator (one who dies having made a legally valid will); bequeather, originator of a heritage
Euregio	n	de · mv. Euregio's	Euregion
flinterdun	a		very thin
schuilkelder	n	de · mv. schuilkelders	a bomb shelter
handelsembargo	n	het · mv. handelsembargo's	a trade embargo (ban on trade with another country)
bosrand	n	de · mv. bosranden	the edge of a forest
klankwereld	n	de · mv. klankwerelden	soundscape, sound palette
windschade	n	de	wind damage
waterschade	n	de	water damage
lokprofiel	n	het · mv. lokprofielen	a fake social-media profile used by law enforcement to bait internet…
lokfiets	n	de · mv. lokfietsen	a bicycle used by law enforcement to lure bicycle thieves
lokvogel	n	de · mv. lokvogels	a decoy bird
lokeend	n	de · mv. lokeenden	a decoy duck
bolletjestrui	n	de · mv. bolletjestruien	an official shirt worn and accorded daily to the leader in the mountains…
cakeblik	n	het · mv. cakeblikken	a cake tin
oeps	i		oops (exclamation used to acknowledge a minor mistake)
aardbevingsschade	n	de	damage caused by earthquakes
pokkenweer	n	het	nasty weather, terrible weather
gehaktstaaf	n	de · mv. gehaktstaven	a deep-fried bar of mince shaped like a sausage, stereotypically associated…
kiezersbedrog	n	het	electoral deceit
takelwagen	n	de · mv. takelwagens	a tow truck, a breakdown lorry
wagenziekte	n	de	carsickness (motion sickness caused by motor car travel)
vliegschaamte	n	de	shame of flying (motorised air travel) because of its impact on the environment
ijskap	n	de · mv. ijskappen	ice cap, ice sheet
spoorbrug	n	de · mv. spoorbruggen	railway bridge
kikkerdril	n	de/het	frogspawn
kikkerschot	n	het	frogspawn
bankafschrift	n	het · mv. bankafschriften	bank statement
convexiteit	n	de · mv. convexiteiten	convexity
paskamer	n	de · mv. paskamers	a room for trying on clothes, a fitting room
natafelen	v	tafelde na – nagetafeld	to stay at the table after eating in order to continue talking
zijspanwagen	n	de · mv. zijspanwagens	sidecar
kattenbak	n	de · mv. kattenbakken	a litter box, a cat box
vaderlandslievend	a		patriotic
ongeschoren	a		unshaved
hazewindhond	n	de · mv. hazewindhonden	a greyhound
vechthond	n	de · mv. vechthonden	a fighting dog
rashond	n	de · mv. rashonden	a purebred dog
sledehond	n	de · mv. sledehonden	a sled dog
straathond	n	de · mv. straathonden	stray dog, street dog
hulphond	n	de · mv. hulphonden	an assistance dog (UK), a service dog (US) (dog trained for aiding people…
hondenkot	n	het · mv. hondenkotten	a doghouse, a kennel; a large classy hat, such as a top hat or bowler hat
Oostfries	m		the East Frisian language (Frisian language)
Oostfries	a		East Frisian
Oostfries	n	de · mv. Oostfriezen	an East Frisian person
Oostfriesland	m		East Frisia
donnie	n	de · mv. donnies	a 10-euro banknote
wansmaak	n	de	poor aesthetic taste
kleinzielig	a		petty, grudgeful
kerstnacht	n	de · mv. kerstnachten	Christmas night (night from 24 December to 25 December)
zelfverrijking	n	de · mv. zelfverrijkingen	self-enrichment (enriching oneself financially, esp. by illegitimate means)
zonneleen	n	het · mv. zonnelenen	an allodium, a freehold estate, said to be held from the Sun (or from God),…
hondenbaan	n	de · mv. hondenbanen	a terrible job
hondenpoep	n	de	dog dirt, dog shit
rechtsstatelijk	a		pertaining to, in accordance with or compatible with the rule of law or a…
paraaf	n	de · mv. parafen	one's initials used as alternative for an autograph when signing
baardwalvis	n	de · mv. baardwalvissen	baleen whale, member of the parvorder Mysticeti
roofzoogdier	n	het · mv. roofzoogdieren	a predatory mammal, especially of the order Carnivora
zoetigheid	n	de · mv. zoetigheden	sweet foods and drinks, including sweets/candy; (countable) a sweet food or…; sweetness, saccharine niceness
kledingrek	n	het · mv. kledingrekken	a clothes rack
nieuwlichter	n	de · mv. nieuwlichters	one who introduces or adheres to new (newfangled) notions, practices or…
molengang	n	de · mv. molengangen	an array of polder windmills, usually placed in a row, that operate in concert
pekblende	n	de	pitchblende, a black variety of uraninite
Onzevader	n	het · mv. Onzevaders	Lord's Prayer
fransijn	n	het · mv. fransijnen	(French) parchment
deelneemster	n	de · mv. deelneemsters	female participant
kanselier	n	de · mv. kanseliers	chancellor, high officer in a government, princely court, court of justice,…
brisantgranaat	n	de · mv. brisantgranaten	a high-explosive shell
goudstaaf	n	de · mv. goudstaven	a bullion, a bar of gold
kloostertuin	n	de · mv. kloostertuinen	a convent garden, a monastery garden
selectiespeler	n	de · mv. selectiespelers	a player who is part of the main selection of a team
Afro-Surinamer	n	de · mv. Afro-Surinamers	An Afro-Surinamese person; a Surinamese person of African descent; an…
hitlijst	n	de · mv. hitlijsten	a music chart, a hit parade
retabel	n	de/het · mv. retabels	retable (table or shelf behind an altar)
arrestatiebevel	n	het · mv. arrestatiebevelen	arrest warrant
aanhoudingsbevel	n	het · mv. aanhoudingsbevelen	arrest warrant
Javazee	m		Java Sea
Javaan	n	de · mv. Javanen	Javan, a person of the Javanese ethnic group; Javan, a person or native from Java
edelmarter	n	de · mv. edelmarters	synonym of boommarter (“pine marten (Martes martes)”)
bonusvader	n	de · mv. bonusvaders	stepfather
bonusmoeder	n	de · mv. bonusmoeders	stepmother
bootvluchteling	n	de · mv. bootvluchtelingen	boat refugee (refugee who travels by boat)
klimaatontkenner	n	de · mv. klimaatontkenners	climate denier, climate denialist (one who rejects the occurrence of…
boomkorvisserij	n	de	fishing by means of beam trawls
jubilaresse	n	de · mv. jubilaressen	a female celebrant of her jubilee or anniversary
drugsbeleid	n	het	drug policy
ongeregeldheid	n	de · mv. ongeregeldheden	state of being unregulated (not organised by rules); public disturbance
kutscheet	n	de · mv. kutscheten	queef, pussy fart
inenting	n	de · mv. inentingen	vaccination (act of vaccinating)
videospel	n	het · mv. videospellen	video game
jaargang	n	de · mv. jaargangen	volume (all issues of a periodical published in one year)
ventiel	n	het · mv. ventielen	valve
veganistisch	a		vegan
heldenmoed	n	de	heroic courage
bekeerling	n	de · mv. bekeerlingen	a convert
programmagids	n	de · mv. programmagidsen	a programme guide
varkensgriep	n	de	swine flu (disease caused by certain orthomyxoviruses of the influenza virus…
oorlogscensuur	n	de	wartime censorship
griepepidemie	n	de · mv. griepepidemieën	a flu epidemic
risicogroep	n	de · mv. risicogroepen	risk group, high-risk group
Botswaan	n	de · mv. Botswanen	a person from Botswana
Botswaans	a		of, from or pertaining to Botswana
endeem	n	de · mv. endemen	an endemic organism, an organism that is exclusive to an area
woningbouw	n	de	residential construction, construction of housing
bouwlustig	a		eager to build, having an avidity for building
bouwlust	n	de	avidity for building
bucketlist	n	de · mv. bucketlists	bucket list
papierwerk	n	het	paperwork
bouwkundig	a		architectural
strandpaal	n	de · mv. strandpalen	a beach pole; a pole on a beach used to mark distance or as a small landmark
Jaike	m		a female given name
taalverwerving	n	de	language acquisition
brandkast	n	de · mv. brandkasten	a safe, a strongbox
doelpaal	n	de · mv. doelpalen	a goalpost
paaldans	n	de · mv. paaldansen	a pole dance
lantaarnpaal	n	de · mv. lantaarnpalen	a lamppost
bewerkingsgeschiedenis	n	de · mv. bewerkingsgeschiedenissen	revision history (history or chronology of the revisions that a work has…
geitenkaas	n	de · mv. geitenkazen	goat cheese
rijmwoord	n	het · mv. rijmwoorden	a rhyme word (word that rhymes with another)
brandbaarheid	n	de	flammability
Katwijk	m		a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands; a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
breking	n	de	the act or process of breaking; refraction; breaking (change of a vowel to a diphthong)
bruistablet	n	het · mv. bruistabletten	effervescent tablet
brokstuk	n	het · mv. brokstukken	a fragment, in particular a piece of wreckage or a fragment of a broken object
brulaap	n	de · mv. brulapen	a howler monkey, a monkey of the genus Alouatta
schijnhuwelijk	n	het · mv. schijnhuwelijken	sham marriage (a marriage of convenience entered into without the intention…
buikvet	n	het	belly fat, abdominal fat
bultrugwalvis	n	de · mv. bultrugwalvissen	a humpback whale (Megaptera novaeangliae)
Byzantijn	n	de · mv. Byzantijnen	a Byzantine person
Byzantijns	a		a Byzantine person
atoombunker	n	de · mv. atoombunkers	a nuclear bunker, an atomic bunker (bunker intended to withstand nuclear…
zegedronken	a		drunk or euphoric with victory or success
rookgranaat	n	de · mv. rookgranaten	smoke grenade
granaatscherf	n	de · mv. granaatscherven	grenade shard, grenade shrapnel
scherf	n	de · mv. scherven	a shard
flitsgranaat	n	de · mv. flitsgranaten	a flash grenade, a flash-bang grenade
rookbom	n	de · mv. rookbommen	a smoke bomb
schrijfkunst	n	de · mv. schrijfkunsten	writing, the art of writing, the ability to write
bromtol	n	de · mv. bromtollen	a humming top, a top that produces a humming sound when spinning
broomkali	n	het	potassium bromide, in particular in reference to its use as a sedative and…
kaliumbromide	n	de	potassium bromide
broomkalium	n	het	potassium bromide, in particular in reference to its use as a sedative and…
troglodiet	n	de · mv. troglodieten	troglodyte
granaatsteen	n	de · mv. granaatstenen	a garnet
drieslagstelsel	n	het · mv. drieslagstelsels	three-field system (three-stage agricultural system of crop rotation, used…
zomerjurk	n	de · mv. zomerjurken	a summer dress
tollenaar	n	de · mv. tollenaars	a tax collector, in particular a collector of tolls; a publican
Kaapverdiaan	n	de · mv. Kaapverdianen	Cape Verdean
Kaapverdisch	a		Cape Verdean
huppeldepup	n	de/het	thingamajig, whatchamacallit; whatshisname, whatshername
tepelhof	n	de · mv. tepelhoven	areola
prijsindex	n	de · mv. prijsindices	price index
ingezetene	n	de · mv. ingezetenen	an inhabitant of a country or jurisdiction
buitenlui	n		rural people, rustics (people not living in towns or cities); outdoors people
geslachtloos	a		asexual, sexless (with biological sex); genderless
biomassacentrale	n	de · mv. biomassacentrales	a biomass plant (power plant burning biomass)
soepjurk	n	de · mv. soepjurken	a loose-fitting dress, often considered inelegant; occasionally used as a…; a person, usually a woman, wearing such a dress
Kaapverdiër	n	de · mv. Kaapverdiërs	Cape Verdean
stormvloedkering	n	de · mv. stormvloedkeringen	a storm surge barrier
stormvloed	n	de · mv. stormvloeden	a storm surge
Veere	m		a city and municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
autismespectrum	n	het	autism spectrum
autismespectrumstoornis	n	de · mv. autismespectrumstoornissen	autism spectrum disorder
bloeddrukmeter	n	de · mv. bloeddrukmeters	a blood pressure monitor, a blood pressure meter
stortregen	n	de · mv. stortregens	pouring rain, downpour
stortregenen	v	stortregende – gestortregend	to downpour
boerenmeid	n	de · mv. boerenmeiden	a farmgirl
radiosignaal	n	het · mv. radiosignalen	radio signal
bergmassief	n	het · mv. bergmassieven	massif, mountain mass
scheepsbemanning	n	de · mv. scheepsbemanningen	the crew of a ship
commandocentrum	n	het · mv. commandocentra	command centre
vaccinatieprogramma	n	het · mv. vaccinatieprogramma's	a vaccination programme
overheidssubsidie	n	de · mv. overheidssubsidies	government subsidy
bantoestan	n	de/het · mv. bantoestans	bantustan (designated homeland for black South Africans under apartheid)
dorstlesser	n	de · mv. dorstlessers	thirst quencher (drink)
neofyt	n	de · mv. neofyten	neophyte (recently-introduced plant species, post-1500)
neofiet	n	de · mv. neofieten	neophyte (new convert, new monk)
zomermaand	n	de · mv. zomermaanden	summer month
lentemaand	n	de · mv. lentemaanden	March
substantivisch	a		substantive, nominal
grootmartelaar	n	de	great martyr
grootmartelares	n	de	great martyress; female equivalent of grootmartelaar
protomartelaar	n	de	protomartyr
protomartelares	n	de	protomartyress; female equivalent of protomartelaar
meisjesschool	n	de · mv. meisjesscholen	a girls' school
kamermeisje	n	het · mv. kamermeisjes	chambermaid
jongensschool	n	de · mv. jongensscholen	a boys' school
Soenda	m		Sunda (region and historic kingdom in West Java)
Soendaland	m		Sundaland (biogeographical region)
veiligheidsadviseur	n	de · mv. veiligheidsadviseurs	safety advisor, security advisor
stamverwant	n	de · mv. stamverwanten	someone of related origin; someone of the same tribe
stamverwant	a		related, germane in descent; of the same tribe
veeboer	n	de · mv. veeboeren	a livestock farmer
aanschudden	v	schudde aan – aangeschud	to shake (gently) in order to provoke a reaction (e.g. to wake someone); to shake to make it or its contents fit better or more compact
alsnu	d		now, right now; yet, thus far
straatverkoper	n	de · mv. straatverkopers	a street vendor (outdoor vendor)
bloemkelk	n	de · mv. bloemkelken	a calyx (outermost whorl of flower parts)
verfspray	n	de · mv. verfsprays	paint spray, spray paint
busschieter	n	de · mv. busschieters	a cannoneer
rotsgebergte	n	het · mv. rotsgebergten	a rocky mountain range
tuimelkruid	n	het	tumbleweed
foefje	n	het · mv. foefjes	trick, skill
kogelvrij	a		bulletproof
liquidatie	n	de · mv. liquidaties	liquidation; targeted assassination
natuurgebied	n	het · mv. natuurgebieden	nature reserve
opzeggen	v	zei op – opgezegd	to terminate a contract; to recite something from memory
opblaaspop	n	de · mv. opblaaspoppen	blow-up doll
puntenslijper	n	de · mv. puntenslijpers	pencil sharpener
tonologie	n	de · mv. tonologieën	tonology
broekhoest	n	de	flatulence
autosegmenteel	a		autosegmental
segmentaal	a		segmental
woordvorming	n	de · mv. woordvormingen	word formation
zielsbeschrijving	n	de · mv. zielsbeschrijvingen	psychological description
playstationen	v	playstationde – geplaystationd	to play games on a Sony PlayStation console
krantenjongen	n	de · mv. krantenjongens	a paperboy, a newsboy
straatjongen	n	de · mv. straatjongens	a street boy, a male street urchin
weesjongen	n	de · mv. weesjongens	an orphan boy
jongensachtig	a		boyish, boylike
jongensdroom	n	de · mv. jongensdromen	a boy's dream, a boyhood dream
straatmeisje	n	het · mv. straatmeisjes	a street girl, a female street urchin
weesmeisje	n	het · mv. weesmeisjes	an orphan girl
koudwatervrees	n	de	excessive fear or trepidation about beginning something, fear of getting…
stalmeid	n	de · mv. stalmeiden	stable girl
vuurdood	n	de	death by fire or burning
uitputtingsoorlog	n	de · mv. uitputtingsoorlogen	war of attrition
geweldsspiraal	n	de · mv. geweldsspiralen	spiral of violence
tankoorlog	n	de · mv. tankoorlogen	a war in which tanks are the primary fighting units
granulaat	n	het · mv. granulaten	granulate
malariamug	n	de · mv. malariamuggen	a malaria mosquito; a mosquito of the genus Anopheles that can transmit malaria
kaplaars	n	de · mv. kaplaarzen	a knee-length boot, usually made of rubber
rubberlaars	n	de · mv. rubberlaarzen	a rubber boot
lieslaars	n	de · mv. lieslaarzen	a hip boot
hitsingle	n	de · mv. hitsingles	a hit single (music track or single record that is a hit)
zuidwester	a		southwestern
zuidwester	n	de · mv. zuidwesters	a sou'wester (waterproof oilskin rain hat); a libecchio (southwest wind)
haantjesgedrag	n	het	male courtship behaviour, such as courtship display; human macho behaviour, machismo
halsbandparkiet	n	de · mv. halsbandparkieten	ring-necked parakeet, rose-ringed parakeet (Psittacula krameri)
barvrouw	n	de · mv. barvrouwen	barwoman, female bartender
psittacose	n	de	psittacosis, disease caused by Chlamydophila psittaci
meta-analyse	n	de · mv. meta-analyses	meta-analysis
benepen	a		fearful, timid; petty, narrow-minded
klef	a		soggy, sodden, soaked with liquid; sticky; overattached, clingy
groepsimmuniteit	n	de	herd immunity
homp	n	de · mv. hompen	gobbet (chunk of food), lump, chunk
strijdkreet	n	de · mv. strijdkreten	battle cry
oorlogskreet	n	de · mv. oorlogskreten	war cry
wapenkreet	n	de · mv. wapenkreten	call to arms
tuimelen	v	tuimelde – getuimeld	to tumble
aanlijnen	v	lijnde aan – aangelijnd	to leash, to secure with a leash, to put a leash on
eenoudergezin	n	het · mv. eenoudergezinnen	a single-parent family
agorafobisch	a		agoraphobic
agorafoob	n	de · mv. agorafoben	an agoraphobe
agorafoob	a		agoraphobic
dijkrecht	n	het · mv. dijkrechten	law pertaining to dikes and water management
hulpvloot	n	de · mv. hulpvloten	an auxiliary fleet or relief fleet
omdijken	v	omdijkte – omdijkt	to completely surround with a dike
mummificeren	v	mummificerde – gemummificerd	to mummify
mummificatie	n	de · mv. mummificaties	mummification
mummificering	n	de · mv. mummificeringen	mummification
glazenwasser	n	de · mv. glazenwassers	window cleaner
brandweermens	n	de · mv. brandweermensen	a firefighter, member of a fire department
vakmens	n	de · mv. vakmensen	craftsperson; specialist, expert
eicel	n	de · mv. eicellen	ovum, egg cell
cyberaanval	n	de · mv. cyberaanvallen	cyberattack
fietsbel	n	de · mv. fietsbellen	a bicycle bell
Cambodjaan	n	de · mv. Cambodjanen	Cambodian (person)
vestigingsklimaat	n	het · mv. vestigingsklimaten	the totality of conditions that affect the attractiveness of starting…
koploper	n	de · mv. koplopers	a front runner; a leader, one who is groundbreaking
siervaas	n	de · mv. siervazen	ornamental vase
vaasschildering	n	de · mv. vaasschilderingen	vase painting
lavalamp	n	de · mv. lavalampen	lava lamp
bureaulamp	n	de · mv. bureaulampen	a desk lamp
lampolie	n	de · mv. lampoliën	lamp oil
leeslamp	n	de · mv. leeslampen	a reading light
neonlamp	n	de · mv. neonlampen	neon lamp
lampenkap	n	de · mv. lampenkappen	a lampshade
kandelaartje	n	het · mv. kandelaartjes	nailwort, rue-leaved saxifrage (Saxifraga tridactylites)
corrumperen	v		to corrupt, to spoil, or to rot
kabelknippen	v		to cancel traditional subscription television services such as cable or…
kabelknippen	n	het	the act of cancelling traditional subscription television services such as…
kabelknipper	n	de · mv. kabelknippers	a tool used to cut cables; a cable-cutter; a (male) person who cancels subscription television services such as cable…
Brabo	n	de · mv. Brabo's	Brabantian, someone from the region of Brabant
dranghek	n	het · mv. dranghekken	crowd-control barrier
floreren	v	floreerde – gefloreerd	to prosper, to flourish, to bloom
eenpersoonsbed	n	het · mv. eenpersoonsbedden	single-size bed, single bed
donsdeken	n	de · mv. donsdekens	a quilt padded with down
zaaikapitaal	n	het · mv. zaaikapitalen	seed capital
nachtkast	n	de · mv. nachtkasten	nightstand
getijdenpoel	n	de · mv. getijdenpoelen	tidal pool
autospiegel	n	de · mv. autospiegels	car mirror
riolering	n	de · mv. rioleringen	sewerage
douchecel	n	de · mv. douchecellen	shower recess, shower cubicle
idealiter	d		ideally
kredietkaart	n	de · mv. kredietkaarten	credit card (payment card, usually issued by a bank, allowing its users to…
douchecabine	n	de · mv. douchecabines	shower recess, shower cubicle
zeepbak	n	de · mv. zeepbakken	soap dish
wc-papier	n	het	toilet paper
wc-borstel	n	de · mv. wc-borstels	toilet brush
huurbescherming	n	de	rent control
ontsmetting	n	de · mv. ontsmettingen	disinfection, decontamination
secularisme	n	het	secularism
nijpen	v	neep – genepen	to pinch, squeeze
retributie	n	de · mv. retributies	compensation, payment, remuneration; ground rent
afvalbak	n	de · mv. afvalbakken	rubbish bin, trashcan, dustbin
restafval	n	het	general waste, residual waste, unsorted household waste
waardplant	n	de · mv. waardplanten	a host plant
sufkut	n	de · mv. sufkutten	oaf, fool, galoot
Oeigoer	n	de · mv. Oeigoeren	Uyghur
Oeigoers	m		Uyghur language
Oeigoers	a		Uyghur
vuilnisemmer	n	de · mv. vuilnisemmers	rubbish bin, trashcan, dustbin
wetsvoorstel	n	het · mv. wetsvoorstellen	draft bill
supergeleider	n	de · mv. supergeleiders	superconductor
vloerbedekking	n	de · mv. vloerbedekkingen	floorcovering
zijpen	v	zeep – gezepen	to seep, ooze
kniftig	a		weird, crazy
supergeleiding	n	de	superconductivity
rondworm	n	de · mv. rondwormen	a roundworm, a nematode; worm of the phylum Nematoda
zeemleer	n	het	chamois leather, wash-leather; a cloth of chamois leather used for cleaning
waspoeder	n	het · mv. waspoeders	washing powder
eerbieding	n	de	respect
winstbejag	n	het	inappropriate profit-seeking, profiteering
glyfosaat	n	het	glyphosate (N-phosphonomethyl glycine)
Honoloeloe	m		Honolulu
eurofiel	n	de · mv. eurofielen	Europhile, pro-European (political supporter of the European Union); Europhile (admirer of European culture)
eurofiel	a		Europhiliac, pro-European (supportive of the European Union)
biowapen	n	het · mv. biowapens	a bioweapon
waterpistool	n	het · mv. waterpistolen	water gun, water pistol
halfgeleiding	n	de	semiconduction, semiconductivity
vernissen	v	verniste – gevernist	to varnish
gsm'en	v	gsm'de – ge-gsm'd	to call or message on a cellphone
knijper	n	de · mv. knijpers	a clothespin; the scissors of a crustacean or other arthropod
kniepertje	n	het · mv. kniepertjes	a sweet, thin, brittle waffle eaten around and in particular before New Year
wasknijper	n	de · mv. wasknijpers	a clothespin
wasautomaat	n	de · mv. wasautomaten	washing machine
middelpuntvliedend	a		centrifugal
waslijn	n	de · mv. waslijnen	clothesline
trotskist	n	de · mv. trotskisten	Trotskyist, Trotskyite, Trot, trot
vleesnat	n	het	gravy
theepot	n	de · mv. theepotten	teapot
bakvorm	n	de · mv. bakvormen	a tin used for baking, in particular for cakes and other pastry
moordaanslag	n	de · mv. moordaanslagen	an assassination attempt
stagflatie	n	de	stagflation
koelwagen	n	de · mv. koelwagens	a refrigerated truck, van or wagon, a refrigerated road vehicle or rail car
stoppenkast	n	de · mv. stoppenkasten	a fusebox
vliegticket	n	de · mv. vliegtickets	an air ticket, a plane ticket
overbeladen	v	overbelaadde – overbeladen	to overcharge; to burden, to encumber excessively; to pack, to pile excessively
overschaduwen	v	overschaduwde – overschaduwd	to overshadow, to adumbrate (to dominate something and make it seem…; to outshine
oververhitten	v	oververhitte – oververhit	to overheat
overslapen	v	oversliep – overslapen	to oversleep
Samenland	m		Lapland
overprikkelen	v	overprikkelde – overprikkeld	to overstimulate
overreageren	v	overreageerde – overreageerd	to overreact, overrespond
overcompenseren	v	overcompenseerde – overcompenseerd	to overcompensate
overkappen	v	overkapte – overkapt	to cover with a roof
aanslepen	v	sleepte aan – aangesleept	to drag on
grafdelver	n	de · mv. grafdelvers	gravedigger
Samoaan	n	de · mv. Samoanen	a Samoan
afrikanistiek	n	de	African linguistics
beschermgebied	n	het · mv. beschermgebieden	protectorate
Californiër	n	de · mv. Californiërs	a Californian
Californisch	a		Californian
Cambodjaans	a		Cambodian
canoniek	a		canonical
overlommeren	v	overlommerde – overlommerd	to overshadow, to adumbrate
overijlen	v	overijlde – overijld	to overhaste
overvoeden	v	overvoedde – overvoed	to overfeed
overkluizen	v	overkluisde – overkluisd	to overarch, to create a vault over
professie	n	de · mv. professies	profession, occupation (line of work); profession, avowal (declaration of belief)
overroepen	v	overriep – overroepen	to shout louder than; to excessively shout
overtijgen	v	overtoog – overtogen	to pull over; to cover up
overschreeuwen	v	overschreeuwde – overschreeuwd	to shout or scream louder than; to excessively shout or scream
koudwaterkraan	n	de · mv. koudwaterkranen	cold-water tap
warmwaterkraan	n	de · mv. warmwaterkranen	warm-water tap
overschitteren	v	overschitterde – overschitterd	to outshine
overstralen	v	overstraalde – overstraald	to beam over; to outshine
overschouwen	v	overschouwde – overschouwd	to oversee, watch over
vrieskast	n	de · mv. vrieskasten	freezer, deep freeze
overzeilen	v	zeilde over – overgezeild	to sail across; to sail again; to crash into another vessel by sailing
overjagen	v	joeg over – overgejaagd	to hunt / chase across; to hunt / chase again; to hunt / chase excessively
overkijken	v	keek over – overgekeken	to look over, to look across; to look again; to look attentively
overschilderen	v	schilderde over – overgeschilderd	to paint again, to repaint; to paint over, to overdye
overspelen	v	speelde over – overgespeeld	to play again, to replay; to pass a ball to another player; to overplay, to overact
overstemmen	v	stemde over – overgestemd	to vote again, to revote; to outvote; to drown out, to overwhelm with sound
overpraten	v	overpraatte – overpraat	to talk excessively; to drown out by talking
godvrezend	a		God-fearing
hetwelk	r		which (with neuter or phrasal antecedent)
dewelke	r		which (with masculine or feminine antecedent)
oversnijden	v	sneed over – overgesneden	to cut again; to cut over, to cut across; to cut through
overvaren	v	voer over – overgevaren	to sail across; to sail again; to run over with a boat
paniekvoetbal	n	het	thoughtless, panicked football play; any thoughtless, panicked behaviour
bloedmaan	n	de · mv. bloedmanen	blood moon
vrieskist	n	de · mv. vrieskisten	chest freezer
groentela	n	de · mv. groentela's	vegetable crisper (in a refrigerator)
beroepsbevolking	n	de	work force
charitatief	a		charitable
cariës	n	de	caries
carneool	n	de · mv. carneolen	carnelian
caroteen	n	het · mv. carotenen	carotene
cartesiaans	a		Cartesian
lubbing	n	de · mv. lubbingen	castration
broodwortel	n	de · mv. broodwortels	cassava root
valhek	n	het · mv. valhekken	portcullis
valpoort	n	de · mv. valpoorten	portcullis
cavalerist	n	de · mv. cavaleristen	cavalry soldier (soldier on horseback)
overlezen	v	las over – overgelezen	to read again; to read over, to read through; to overlook, miss while reading
overspuiten	v	spoot over – overgespoten	to spray again; to spray over, to spray across; to overspray
overtekenen	v	tekende over – overgetekend	to draw again, to redraw; to redraw / copy an existing drawing; to draw over
overtrekken	v	trok over – overgetrokken	to pull again; to trace / copy an existing drawing; to stall (exceed the critical angle of attack, resulting in loss of lift)
overnoemen	v	overnoemde – overnoemd	to rename
overvreten	v	overvrat – overvreten	to overeat
cederboom	n	de · mv. cederbomen	cedar, tree of the genus Cedrus
celwand	n	de · mv. celwanden	cell wall
celibatair	a		celibate
hersencel	n	de · mv. hersencellen	brain cell
celkern	n	de · mv. celkernen	nucleus (organelle)
gevangeniscel	n	de · mv. gevangeniscellen	prison cell
overacteren	v	overacteerde – overacteerd	to overact, to overplay
overbevolken	v	overbevolkte – overbevolkt	to overpopulate
censuskiesrecht	n	het	census suffrage
cementmolen	n	de · mv. cementmolens	cement mixer, concrete mixer
centrifugaalmachine	n	de · mv. centrifugaalmachines	centrifuge
cellulair	a		cellular
cellulair	n	de · mv. cellulairs	cellular phone, mobile phone
ceintuur	n	de/het · mv. ceintuurs	ceinture, narrow belt
cetologisch	a		cetological
Chaldeeuws	m		Chaldean
Chaldeeuws	a		Chaldean
Chaldeeër	n	de · mv. Chaldeeën	Chaldean
charmezanger	n	de · mv. charmezangers	a crooner
onderkoelen	v	onderkoelde – onderkoeld	to undercool; to cause hypothermia; to supercool
ondervoeden	v	ondervoedde – ondervoed	to underfeed
onderverhuren	v	onderverhuurde – onderverhuurd	to sublet, to sublease
ondertunnelen	v	ondertunnelde – ondertunneld	to build a tunnel underneath
ondertrouwen	v	ondertrouwde – ondertrouwd	to undertake an engagement
onderstutten	v	onderstutte – onderstut	to support, to place support under
onderstellen	v	onderstelde – ondersteld	to assume, suppose
onderschikken	v	onderschikte – onderschikt	to suppress, to subjugate; to be subservient
kookpunt	n	het · mv. kookpunten	boiling point
voedselbon	n	de · mv. voedselbonnen	food stamp
onderpresteren	v	presteerde onder – ondergepresteerd	to underperform, to underachieve
onderstuiven	v	stoof onder – ondergestoven	to cover in dust
onderbetalen	v	onderbetaalde – onderbetaald	to underpay
onderfinancieren	v	onderfinancieerde – onderfinancieerd	to underfinance, to finance inadequately
onderlijnen	v	onderlijnde – onderlijnd	to underline, to underscore
onderschragen	v	onderschraagde – onderschraagd	to support (underneath)
posttraumatisch	a		posttraumatic
onderspannen	v	onderspande – onderspannen	to tighten, stress, or strain insufficiently; to subtend
onderspannen	a		strained or stressed insufficiently; emotionally dull or spiritless
onderschrijden	v	onderschreed – onderschreden	to stay in the boundary or limit; to subceed, to not exceed
onderstromen	v	stroomde onder – ondergestroomd	to flood, engulf; to make a stream or current underneath
onderhuren	v	huurde onder – ondergehuurd	to sublet, to sublease; to sublet or sublease in secret
onderheien	v	heide onder – ondergeheid	to drive a pile underneath; to support with driven piles
poepchinees	n	de · mv. poepchinezen	A derogatory term for a Chinese person or an other East Asian person; A derogatory term for a person with a name rhyming on /eːs/
daslook	n	de	wild garlic, bear leek (Allium ursinum)
omzwermen	v	zwermde om – omgezwermd	to swarm around; to surround with a swarm or crowd
omzweven	v	zweefde om – omgezweefd	to hover around; to glide around; to surround while hovering
omwoelen	v	woelde om – omgewoeld	to toss over, to spade over, to upturn, to rout (e.g. of swine); to rumple; to toss around, to spade around
omvliegen	v	vloog om – omgevlogen	to fly around; to turn around while flying; to surround while flying
hartverwarmend	a		heartwarming
misdragen	v	misdroeg – misdragen	to misbehave
mismaken	v	mismaakte – mismaakt	to deform, to defeature; to mismake, to fail to make
misvormen	v	misvormde – misvormd	to deform, to defeature
mishagen	v	mishaagde – mishaagd	to displease
misgrijpen	v	greep mis – misgegrepen	to grab wrong, to miss while grabbing; fail to grab
promoten	v	promootte – gepromoot	to promote
voedselbron	n	de · mv. voedselbronnen	food source
protocollair	a		protocollary, pertaining or according to protocol
volksvijand	n	de · mv. volksvijanden	enemy of the people
vanderwaalskracht	n	de · mv. vanderwaalskrachten	van der Waals force
verwaten	a		arrogant, haughty
vakkenvuller	n	de · mv. vakkenvullers	a shelf stacker
Pancras	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
ontzielen	v	ontzielde – ontzield	to kill; to remove inspiration; to remove the soul from
ontzuren	v	ontzuurde – ontzuurd	to remove acid, to deacidify; to begin to become acidic; to dislike, be opposed to
ontzuilen	v	ontzuilde – ontzuild	to depillarize, to remove pillars as a form of societal organisation
ontzinken	v	ontzonk – ontzonken	to sink away; to remove zinc
ontknopen	v	ontknoopte – ontknoopt	to unbutton
ontkolen	v	ontkoolde – ontkoold	to decarbonize, to remove carbon
ontzenuwen	v	ontzenuwde – ontzenuwd	to remove a nerve; to unnerve, whittle down; to refute or disprove an argument sufficiently
ontvetten	v	ontvette – ontvet	to degrease, to ungrease
ontwijden	v	ontwijdde – ontwijd	to desanctify
ontzeilen	v	ontzeilde – ontzeild	to escape by sailing; to remove the sails from
ontzetten	v	ontzette – ontzet	to shock, to horrify; to discharge, to release from function or service; to relieve a town or fortress from a siege
takitaki	m		Sranan Tongo (an English-based creole language and lingua franca in Suriname)
Huub	m		a male given name
Huib	m		a male given name
Hubrecht	m		a male given name
Stijn	m		a male given name
ontwellen	v	ontwelde – ontweld	to well, to spring; to start to flow
ontwassen	v	ontwies – ontwassen	to outgrow, to become too mature for
Robbert	m		a male given name
ontvellen	v	ontvelde – ontveld	to flay, to remove skin
ontveinzen	v	ontveinsde – ontveinsd	to conceal by feigning; to feign ignorance
ontvaren	v	ontvoer – ontvaren	to escape, flee; to sail away, to escape by sailing
ontvallen	v	ontviel – ontvallen	to slip out, to say something unintended; to become lost; to die
yogaën	v	yogade – geyogaad	to practice yoga
Nintendoën	v	Nintendode – geNintendood	to play games on a Nintendo console or hand-held
koolmees	n	de · mv. koolmezen	great tit (Parus major)
Jurre	m		a male given name
Evi	m		a female given name from Hebrew
Machteld	m		a female given name
genoegzaam	a		sufficient
openbreken	v	brak open – opengebroken	to break open
opendraaien	v	draaide open – opengedraaid	to open by turning; to open up
openduwen	v	duwde open – opengeduwd	to push open
openzetten	v	zette open – opengezet	to open up (windows, doors etc.),; to open in such away that it stays open
openzwaaien	v	zwaaide open – opengezwaaid	to swing open
openwerken	v	werkte open – opengewerkt	to open with effort; to make a hole or opening
Verstappen	m		a toponymic surname, Verstappen
veemarkt	n	de · mv. veemarkten	livestock market
arbeidsmarkt	n	de · mv. arbeidsmarkten	labour market
mannelijkheid	n	de	manliness, masculinity; maleness; penis, manhood
inderhaast	d		hastily, rapidly, speedily
herbegraven	v	herbegroef – herbegraven	to rebury
krijgsgevangenschap	n	de	captivity as a prisoner of war
ontglijden	v	ontgleed – ontgleden	to slip away; to become lost; to get away, to escape
ontkleuren	v	ontkleurde – ontkleurd	to decolorize, to remove color; to lose color
ontgloeien	v	ontgloeide – ontgloeid	to start to glow
korrelig	a		granular, grainy
coronacrisis	m		the global health crisis and societal and economic crisis caused by the…
zwaardvechter	n	de · mv. zwaardvechters	a swordfighter
vechtsporter	n	de · mv. vechtsporters	martial artist, fighter
ledenbestand	n	het · mv. ledenbestanden	membership; file(s) containing data about all members of an organisation
hersenschors	n	de · mv. hersenschorsen	cerebral cortex
ontlaten	v	ontliet – ontlaten	to let go off, to release; to anneal, to soften; to say unintentionally
ontluchten	v	ontluchtte – ontlucht	to deaerate, to remove air
duikbommenwerper	n	de · mv. duikbommenwerpers	dive bomber
ontpitten	v	ontpitte – ontpit	to stone, to remove the seed(s) from
ontraadselen	v	ontraadselde – ontraadseld	to solve, unriddle
ontweldigen	v	ontweldigde – ontweldigd	to take away by force, to plunder
onttoveren	v	onttoverde – onttoverd	to disenchant, to remove magic; to disenchant, the process of cultural rationalization and devaluation of…
okselhaar	n	het · mv. okselharen	armpit hair
ontzwellen	v	ontzwol – ontzwollen	to unswell, to cease from swelling; to shrink, to shrivel; to emerge from swelling or surging
ontvlechten	v	ontvlocht – ontvlochten	to unbraid, to disentangle; to break up a cooperation, to undo a merger
ontwringen	v	ontwrong – ontwrongen	to wring or squeeze out; to accomplish something with much effort; to take with violence
ontstijgen	v	ontsteeg – ontstegen	to rise above, to transcend; to exceed
ontsluipen	v	ontsloop – ontslopen	to sneak away, to escape by sneaking
ontslapen	v	ontsliep – ontslapen	to die, to pass away
ontschieten	v	ontschoot – ontschoten	to slip away; to forget; to say unintentionally, to have a slip of the tongue
balsport	n	de · mv. balsporten	ball sport, ball sports
sportief	a		sporty, pertaining or partial to sports; sportsmanlike, fair
utilist	n	het	a utilitarian
ontzwavelen	v	ontzwavelde – ontzwaveld	to desulfurize, to remove sulfur
ontzegelen	v	ontzegelde – ontzegeld	to unseal
ontzadelen	v	ontzadelde – ontzadeld	to unsaddle, to remove the saddle from
ontwoekeren	v	ontwoekerde – ontwoekerd	to undo the effects of usury, more specifically of a woekerpolis; to gain something through great effort; to remove overgrowth
ontvoogden	v	ontvoogdde – ontvoogd	to emancipate a minor from a guardian; to undo guardianship
noodsein	n	het · mv. noodseinen	a distress signal
koersverandering	n	de · mv. koersveranderingen	change in course (directional); about turn
koerswijziging	n	de · mv. koerswijzigingen	course correction, change in course (directional)
ontvlekken	v	ontvlekte – ontvlekt	to unstain, despeckle, remove stains
onttuigen	v	onttuigde – onttuigd	to unrig
hamsteraar	n	de · mv. hamsteraars	a hoarder, especially for emergencies
wc-rol	n	de · mv. wc-rollen	a roll of toilet paper, a toilet roll
ontstoppen	v	ontstopte – ontstopt	to unstop, to unclog
ontstoren	v	ontstoorde – ontstoord	to suppress interference; to suppress noise
onttakelen	v	onttakelde – onttakeld	to dismantle, to strip
ontstrijden	v	ontstreed – ontstreden	to challenge, to dispute
telegraferen	v	telegrafeerde – getelegrafeerd	to telegraph, to telegram
profetisch	a		prophetic
sportauto	n	de · mv. sportauto's	sports car
optrekstang	n	de · mv. optrekstangen	pull-up bar
sportman	n	de · mv. sportmannen	sportsman
sportvrouw	n	de · mv. sportvrouwen	sportswoman
inslecht	a		deeply evil in nature
ontmaken	v	ontmaakte – ontmaakt	to unmake, undo, break apart
ontmengen	v	ontmengde – ontmengd	to demix, to dissociate, to separate
ontmijnen	v	ontmijnde – ontmijnd	to demine, to remove mines; to avoid a conflict
ontmunten	v	ontmuntte – ontmunt	to remelt coins; to demonetize, to remove coins from circulation
griesmeelpudding	n	de · mv. griesmeelpuddingen	semolina pudding
volzuigen	v	zoog vol – volgezogen	to suck full; to drench
volgieten	v	goot vol – volgegoten	to pour full; to guzzle, to drink till one becomes drunk
volschenken	v	schonk vol – volgeschonken	to pour full
volladen	v	laadde vol – volgeladen	to load full; to recharge fully
doventolk	n	de · mv. doventolken	a sign language interpreter
honkbalveld	n	het · mv. honkbalvelden	baseball field
honkbalclub	n	de · mv. honkbalclubs	baseball club (association)
honkbalknuppel	n	de · mv. honkbalknuppels	baseball bat
honkbalspeler	n	de · mv. honkbalspelers	baseball player
bankzitter	n	de · mv. bankzitters	a benched player; someone sitting on a bench, pew or (Netherlands) couch
huishouding	n	de · mv. huishoudingen	housekeeping; household
bevliegen	v	bevloog – bevlogen	to fly upon; to travel across by flying
banknoot	n	de · mv. banknoten	banknote
spermabank	n	de · mv. spermabanken	a sperm bank
atomair	a		atomic (of or relating to atoms); atomic (of or relating to nuclear weapons)
gedulden	v	geduldde – geduld	to allow, to tolerate; to endure
Kollewijns	a		pertaining to the spelling reform proposed (but never fully implemented) by…
beeldbellen	v		to video call
omspinnen	v	omspon – omsponnen	to wrap around (with a thread)
omtrekken	v	trok om – omgetrokken	to pull over, to make fall down; to demarcate, to mark the contours of an object; to pull around
hoofdverdachte	n	de · mv. hoofdverdachten	main suspect
pappig	a		pappy, mushy, goopy, porridgelike
kortingsbon	n	de · mv. kortingsbonnen	a discount voucher
Schokland	m		a village, former island, and former municipality of Noordoostpolder,…
lompenproletariaat	n	het	the lumpenproletariat
anticonceptiemiddel	n	het · mv. anticonceptiemiddelen	synonym of voorbehoedsmiddel
noodwendig	a		inevitable, inescapable
noodhulp	n	de	emergency aid
volstrekken	v	volstrekte – volstrekt	to accomplish, to carry out till completion
berekoud	a		very cold, frigid
ontrusten	v	ontrustte – ontrust	to disturb
virologisch	a		virological
tegenzitten	v	zat tegen – tegengezeten	to go wrong; to be harder or less pleasant than expected
tegenstaan	v	stond tegen – tegengestaan	to resist, to oppose; to disgust
ommetje	n	het · mv. ommetjes	a stroll, a short walk
geduren	v	geduurde – geduurd	to continue, to endure
vermalen	v	vermaalde – vermalen	to grind, crush, pulverize
faling	n	de · mv. falingen	failure, shortcoming
noodhospitaal	n	het · mv. noodhospitalen	emergency hospital
coronakucher	n	de · mv. coronakuchers	someone who deliberately coughs at someone when the coronavirus is circulating
vernauwen	v	vernauwde – vernauwd	to narrow, narrow down
verliefdheid	n	de	amorousness
vreemdheid	n	de	strangeness
vrouwelijkheid	n	de	femininity
spitsvondigheid	n	de · mv. spitsvondigheden	shrewdness, cleverness
ongenaakbaarheid	n	de	inaccessibility; aloofness, detachedness
geboortegolf	n	de · mv. geboortegolven	a baby boom
klankwettig	a		in accordance with a sound law
bedplasser	n	de · mv. bedplassers	a bedwetter
Hilversum	m		Hilversum (a city and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands); the national broadcasting sector of the Netherlands
herrijzen	v	herrees – herrezen	to rise again, to become resurrected
onbegrensd	a		unlimited, boundless
bovenstad	n	de · mv. bovensteden	upper city
elektrolyt	n	de · mv. elektrolyten	electrolyte
bedrading	n	de · mv. bedradingen	wiring, totality or mass of electrical cords
sonderen	v	sondeerde – gesondeerd	to probe, to measure or examine with a probe; to probe, to question or investigate
snelverkeer	n	het	fast traffic, usually motorised traffic
snelverband	n	het · mv. snelverbanden	a bandage that can be applied quickly
noodverband	n	het · mv. noodverbanden	an emergency bandage
filosofaster	n	de · mv. filosofasters	a pretender to philosophy; a petty or charlatan philosopher; a philosophaster
tulpengekte	n	de · mv. tulpengekten	tulip mania
rangeerterrein	n	het · mv. rangeerterreinen	marshalling yard
rangeren	v	rangeerde – gerangeerd	to shunt, to marshal
lichaamsbouw	n	de	physique, constitution, build of one's body
hongerdood	n	de	death by starvation
zakenwereld	n	de	the business world
rotseiland	n	het · mv. rotseilanden	rocky island
esperantist	n	de · mv. esperantisten	Esperantist
jopper	n	de · mv. joppers	duffel coat
juxtapositie	n	de · mv. juxtaposities	juxtaposition
huiverig	a		shivery, shivering; fearful, trepid, anxious
speerwerper	n	de · mv. speerwerpers	a javelin thrower, a spear thrower
Warder	m		a village and former municipality of Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
feilbaar	a		fallible
feilbaarheid	n	de · mv. feilbaarheden	fallibility
onfeilbaarheid	n	de · mv. onfeilbaarheden	infallibility
angststoornis	n	de · mv. angststoornissen	anxiety disorder
badspons	n	de · mv. badsponsen	a sponge intended for use when bathing or otherwise washing oneself
lauwerblad	n	het · mv. lauwerbladeren	a bay leaf, a laurel leaf, often used as a culinary herb
boksbeugel	n	de · mv. boksbeugels	a knuckle duster, brass knuckles
internetsite	n	de · mv. internetsites	internet site, website
heikneuter	n	de · mv. heikneuters	bumpkin, yokel, hick (unsophisticated rural person); synonym of kneu (“common linnet (Linaria cannabina)”)
marineren	v	marineerde – gemarineerd	to marinate
Wassenaar	m		a town and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands, located between The…
mondkap	n	de · mv. mondkappen	a protective covering for the mouth and usually also the nose, such as a…
viraal	a		viral (pertaining to viruses); viral (spreading rapidly on the internet through word of mouth)
zoenoffer	n	het · mv. zoenoffers	expiatory offer, piacular sacrifice, peace offering
standrechtelijk	a		summary (pertaining to immediate delivery of a verdict, esp. of an…
standrechtelijk	d		summarily
anderhalvemetereconomie	n	de	an economy wherein the participants are able to keep a distance of one and a…
virusremmer	n	de · mv. virusremmers	antiviral medication
gastheercel	n	de · mv. gastheercellen	a host cell
amateursport	n	de · mv. amateursporten	amateur sports
thuisstudie	n	de · mv. thuisstudies	home study
stinzenplant	n	de · mv. stinzenplanten	a cultivated plant originating from more southern regions that was…
stins	n	de · mv. stinsen	a fortified stone house or tower, a keep
stripheld	n	de · mv. striphelden	a comic-book hero
uitwatering	n	de · mv. uitwateringen	drainage, the act or process of removing excess water; drainage, a place or installation for removing excess water
stoomgemaal	n	het · mv. stoomgemalen	a steam-powered pumphouse or pumping-engine for draining polders
bespreekbaar	a		negotiable, up for discussion; able to be talked about; discussable
punkrock	n	de	punk, punk rock (rock genre)
stripclub	n	de · mv. stripclubs	strip club
historiciteit	n	de	historicity
pokeraar	n	de · mv. pokeraars	a poker player
ridderzwaard	n	het · mv. ridderzwaarden	a knight's sword, a knightly sword
oedeem	n	het · mv. oedemen	oedema (swelling caused by extracellular bodily fluids in tissue)
hongeroedeem	n	het · mv. hongeroedemen	hunger oedema
merkkleding	n	de	brand clothing
extracellulair	a		extracellular
luchtweg	n	de · mv. luchtwegen	airway, the trachea; flight path of aircraft, airway
steekincident	n	het · mv. steekincidenten	a stabbing incident
thuisblijver	n	de · mv. thuisblijvers	one who stays home
sterfgeval	n	het · mv. sterfgevallen	a fatality, the occurrence of someone's death
waarschuwingsschot	n	het · mv. waarschuwingsschoten	a warning shot
bonuscultuur	n	de · mv. bonusculturen	a culture of providing monetary bonuses to the people involved in an…
aandeelhoudersvergadering	n	de · mv. aandeelhoudersvergaderingen	shareholder meeting
dopingzondaar	n	de · mv. dopingzondaars	a doper:someone, usually a professional sportsperson, who has violated…
schaakmeester	n	de · mv. schaakmeesters	chess master
mitrailleursnest	n	het · mv. mitrailleursnesten	machine-gun nest
machtsvacuüm	n	het · mv. machtsvacua	power vacuum
tennisballenkanon	n	het · mv. tennisballenkanonnen	tennis ball cannon, tennis ball launcher
orkaanseizoen	n	het · mv. orkaanseizoenen	hurricane season
topvrouw	n	de · mv. topvrouwen	a female executive of a business or company; a great woman
bouwmarkt	n	de · mv. bouwmarkten	construction market, hardware store
stadstaat	n	de · mv. stadstaten	city state
warmoezier	n	de · mv. warmoeziers	a vegetable farmer
matkop	n	de · mv. matkoppen	the willow tit, Poecile montanus
glanskop	n	de · mv. glanskoppen	marsh tit (Poecile palustris)
huisartsenpraktijk	n	de · mv. huisartsenpraktijken	general practice, doctor's clinic (of a GP)
hoestbui	n	de · mv. hoestbuien	a coughing fit
robotarm	n	de · mv. robotarmen	a robotic arm, e.g. on a manufacturing line
amfioenschuiver	n	de · mv. amfioenschuivers	an opium smoker
amfioen	n	de	opium
zopie	n	het	a heated and spiced alcohol beverage made of beer, rum and eggs that was…
stadsuitleg	n	de · mv. stadsuitleggen	the expansion of a city outside its previous walls
sjammes	n	de · mv. sjammasjiem	shamash or gabbai, a sexton in a synagogue
uitbreidingspakket	n	het · mv. uitbreidingspakketten	expansion set
bloedkanker	n	de · mv. bloedkankers	blood cancer
radiosterrenkunde	n	de	radio astronomy
purperslak	n	de · mv. purperslakken	dog whelk (Nucella lapillus)
purperreiger	n	de · mv. purperreigers	purple heron (Ardea purpurea)
Sjaan	m		a female given name
onderin	p		at/in the bottom of
onderin	d		at/in the bottom
bovenin	d		at/in the top
bovenin	p		at/in the top of
rokerskuch	n	de · mv. rokerskuchen	the cough of a habitual smoker
sneeuwklokje	n	het · mv. sneeuwklokjes	snowdrop, flower of the genus Galanthus; synonym of gewoon sneeuwklokje (“common snowdrop (Galanthus nivalis)”)
vogelmelk	n	de	star-of-Bethlehem, plant and flower of the genus Ornithogalum
stoepkrijt	n	het	sidewalk chalk
stoepkrijten	v	stoepkrijtte – gestoepkrijt	to draw or write in sidewalk chalk
rietdekker	n	de · mv. rietdekkers	a thatcher (person who installs thatch as a roofing material)
schedelbasisfractuur	n	de · mv. schedelbasisfracturen	basilar skull fracture
sjiisme	n	het	Shi'a Islam, Shi'ism
seksslavin	n	de · mv. seksslavinnen	a female sex slave (woman forced into sexual work)
troostmeisje	n	het · mv. troostmeisjes	a comfort woman, a comfort girl (woman forced into prostitution by the…
witgoed	n	het	kitchen appliances and laundry appliances, that are devices that are often…; white fabrics and clothes
pikstart	n	de · mv. pikstarts	a very fast start, in races almost coinciding with the starting signal
olifantenpad	n	het · mv. olifantenpaden	a trail used or made by elephants; a desire line
internetverbinding	n	de · mv. internetverbindingen	internet connection
neerhalen	v	haalde neer – neergehaald	to shoot down
hanteerbaar	a		wieldable, wieldy; practicable, usable, employable
ziezo	i		voilà
ontbramen	v	ontbraamde – ontbraamd	to deburr
ontpakken	v	ontpakte – ontpakt	to unpack
fraudegevoelig	a		susceptible to fraud
internetprotocol	n	het · mv. internetprotocollen	Internet Protocol
ontstichten	v	ontstichtte – ontsticht	to be annoyed by; to take offense with
inbellen	v	belde in – ingebeld	to dial up
telekinetisch	a		telekinetic
doormidden	d		through the middle; in two (roughly equally sized) pieces
glasaal	n	de · mv. glasalen	elver, young eel (of Anguilla anguilla); elvers (of Anguilla anguilla)
nooduitgang	n	de · mv. nooduitgangen	emergency exit
getuigenverklaring	n	de · mv. getuigenverklaringen	witness testimony
hondengevecht	n	het · mv. hondengevechten	a dogfight (fight between dogs, particularly as a blood sport)
internetprovider	n	de · mv. internetproviders	Internet source provider, ISP
vlaktemaat	n	de · mv. vlaktematen	unit of area
lengtemaat	n	de · mv. lengtematen	unit of length
kinnebak	n	de · mv. kinnebakken	lower jaw, jawbone, chin (now particularly of large or pronounced ones)
internetforum	n	het · mv. internetfora	Internet forum
tuinpad	n	het · mv. tuinpaden	garden path
vislijn	n	de · mv. vislijnen	fishing line
internetbrowser	n	de · mv. internetbrowsers	a browser
transgeen	a		transgenic
wortelkanaal	n	het · mv. wortelkanalen	root canal
bedtijd	n	de · mv. bedtijden	bedtime
rozenbed	n	het · mv. rozenbedden	a rosebed
tijdslimiet	n	de · mv. tijdslimieten	time limit
reinigingsoffer	n	het · mv. reinigingsoffers	sacrifice of purification
Oezbeek	n	de · mv. Oezbeken	an Uzbek person
routebeschrijving	n	de · mv. routebeschrijvingen	directions (driving); route description; itinerary
dierenwereld	n	de	fauna, animal kingdom
momentsleutel	n	de · mv. momentsleutels	torque wrench
orgaandonor	n	de · mv. orgaandonoren	an organ donor
donororgaan	n	het · mv. donororganen	a donor organ
bloeddonor	n	de · mv. bloeddonors	a blood donor
schenker	n	de · mv. schenkers	a donor, one who gives or donates
ddos-aanval	n	de · mv. ddos-aanvallen	a DDoS attack
oversterfte	n	de	excess mortality in comparison to a reference period or reference group
Hoek	m		a village and former municipality of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Beuningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Remmerswaal	m		a surname
Smid	m		a surname originating as an occupation, equivalent to Smith in English
Schoenmakers	m		a surname
Tempelman	m		a surname
Doedens	m		a surname
Cornelissen	m		a surname originating as a patronymic
Leegwater	m		a surname
martelwerktuig	n	het · mv. martelwerktuigen	torture instrument
kiestoon	n	de · mv. kiestonen	dialling tone, dial tone
kolenboer	n	de · mv. kolenboeren	coalman (salesman or delivery man in coal)
raketwerper	n	de · mv. raketwerpers	rocket launcher (explosive projectile weapon)
raketschild	n	het · mv. raketschilden	rocket shield
raketgeleerde	n	de · mv. raketgeleerden	rocket scientist
kernraket	n	de · mv. kernraketten	nuclear missile
stuwraket	n	de · mv. stuwraketten	thruster, rocket used for propulsion
raketbasis	n	de · mv. raketbases	rocket base (base with a rocket installation)
raketaanval	n	de · mv. raketaanvallen	rocket attack, rocket strike, missile strike
raketbrandstof	n	de · mv. raketbrandstoffen	rocket fuel
vlieboot	n	de · mv. vlieboten	a light flat-bottomed cargo vessel with two or three masts, a flyboat
talenkennis	n	de	knowledge of languages
koffieprut	n	de	coffee grounds
hesychast	n	de · mv. hesychasten	a Hesychast (Eastern Orthodox mystic in late-mediaeval Byzantium)
wasstraat	n	de · mv. wasstraten	carwash
autowasstraat	n	de · mv. autowasstraten	car wash
simultaanschaak	n	het	simultaneous chess
sanitair	a		sanitary
sanitair	n	het	bathroom facilities, kitchen facilities, e.g. a sink or other equipment…
zetelroof	n	de	theft of a seat in a political council or assembly, acquisition of a…
derwisj	n	de · mv. derwisjen	Dervish
schrammen	v	schramde – geschramd	to scrape (injure or damage by rubbing across a surface)
neppen	v	nepte – genept	to fool, to deceive, to cheat
revalideren	v	revalideerde – gerevalideerd	to rehabilitate, to recover
revalidatie	n	de · mv. revalidaties	rehabilitation, recovery
intuberen	v	intubeerde – geïntubeerd	to intubate
intubatie	n	de · mv. intubaties	intubation
oorlogsmonument	n	het · mv. oorlogsmonumenten	war memorial
toverlantaarn	n	de · mv. toverlantaarns	a magic lantern
poepluier	n	de · mv. poepluiers	a soiled nappy, a soiled diaper (nappy/diaper containing excrement)
vogelpoep	n	de	bird droppings
kruisraket	n	de · mv. kruisraketten	cruise missile
pispaal	n	de · mv. pispalen	laughing stock, fall guy (one who is the object of ridicule)
intensief	a		intensive
faxnummer	n	het · mv. faxnummers	fax number
kakker	n	de · mv. kakkers	one who shits or defecates; a stereotypical designation of a Dutch person who is elitist, posh, preppy,…
verspannen	v	verspande – verspannen	to span or harness in a different manner
verkappen	v	verkapte – verkapt	to disguise; to chop; to re-do a hairstyle
rietkraag	n	de · mv. rietkragen	a reed belt, a reed bed adjacent to a body of water
resusfactor	n	de · mv. resusfactoren	Rhesus factor
fotobom	n	de · mv. fotobommen	photobomb
fotobommen	v	fotobomde – gefotobomd	to photobomb
resusaap	n	de · mv. resusapen	rhesus macaque, rhesus monkey (Macaca mulatta)
tuinplant	n	de · mv. tuinplanten	a garden plant
plantenbak	n	de · mv. plantenbakken	a planter, a plant trough (box for containing plants)
vaccineren	v	vaccineerde – gevaccineerd	to vaccinate
entstof	n	de · mv. entstoffen	vaccine
hangplant	n	de · mv. hangplanten	a hanging plant
wegrestaurant	n	het · mv. wegrestaurants	a roadside restaurant, a roadside diner
tuingereedschap	n	het	garden tools
postadres	n	het · mv. postadressen	postal address
poststuk	n	het · mv. poststukken	postal article, mail item
posthoorn	n	de · mv. posthoorns	a post horn
ooibos	n	het · mv. ooibossen	a riparian forest
postdienst	n	de · mv. postdiensten	postal service, postal system
stofmasker	n	het · mv. stofmaskers	a dust mask
stofdoek	n	de · mv. stofdoeken	a duster, a dust cloth
umlautsfactor	n	de · mv. umlautsfactoren	umlaut factor (vocoid producing umlaut in a preceding back vowel)
onderzeebootvloot	n	de · mv. onderzeebootvloten	a submarine fleet, e.g. the submarine division of a navy
Brittannië	m		Britain (the United Kingdom, a kingdom and country in Northern Europe…; Britain (great Britain, a large island (sometimes also including some of the…
burenruzie	n	de · mv. burenruzies	a neighbourly dispute, a quarrel or conflict between neighbours
diaprojector	n	de · mv. diaprojectoren	a slide projector
fysio	n	de · mv. fysio's	physiotherapist; physiotherapy
diapositief	n	het · mv. diapositieven	slide, diapositive
kleurendia	n	de · mv. kleurendia's	colour slide
kleurendiapositief	n	het · mv. kleurendiapositieven	colour slide, colour diapositive
kleuren-tv	n	de · mv. kleuren-tv's	a colour television (television set with colour images)
doofstom	a		deaf-mute
kleurenschema	n	het · mv. kleurenschema's	a colour scheme
karaktertrek	n	de · mv. karaktertrekken	a character trait
kruitslijm	n	het	a fatty residue produced by gunshots
stofvrij	a		dustfree
diapresentatie	n	de · mv. diapresentaties	slideshow presentation
kruisverwijzing	n	de · mv. kruisverwijzingen	cross-reference
verhuisdoos	n	de · mv. verhuisdozen	a moving box, a removing box
Turkin	n	de · mv. Turkinnen	female Turk
schietgeweer	n	het · mv. schietgeweren	a gun, a firearm
gekkengetal	m		Nickname for the number eleven
voorverwarmen	v	verwarmde voor – voorverwarmd	to preheat
vechtkwartel	n	de · mv. vechtkwartels	a buttonquail, bird of the family Turnicidae
Oldenzaal	m		Oldenzaal (a Hanseatic city and municipality in Overijssel province,…
Helmond	m		Helmond (a city and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands)
Roermond	m		Roermond (a city and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands)
Sittard	m		a city and former municipality of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Spanbroek	m		a village and former municipality of Opmeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Sittard-Geleen	m		a municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Venlo	m		Venlo (a city and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands)
Waalwijk	m		Waalwijk (a city and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands)
Roosendaal	m		Roosendaal (a city and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands)
Heusden	m		Heusden (a city and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands); a village in Asten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oss	m		Oss (a city and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands)
boezeroen	n	het · mv. boezeroens	a smock frock, a workman's undershirt
Zoetermeer	m		a city and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands without city rights
landaanwinning	n	de · mv. landaanwinningen	land reclamation (act, process or instance of reclaiming land from a body of…
Hoorn	m		a city and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands; a village in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Heerde, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nederweert	m		Nederweert (a village and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands)
Geldrop	m		a village and former municipality of Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heiloo	m		a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Medemblik	m		Medemblik (a city and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands)
Barendrecht	m		a village and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Baarn	m		a city and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Zoutelande	m		a village and former municipality of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Delfzijl	m		a city and former municipality of Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Loppersum	m		a village and former municipality of Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Midden-Groningen	m		a municipality of Groningen, Netherlands
Oldambt	m		a municipality of Groningen, Netherlands
Pekela	m		a municipality of Groningen, Netherlands
Stadskanaal	m		a town and municipality of Groningen, Netherlands
Veendam	m		a city and municipality of Groningen, Netherlands without city rights
Westerkwartier	m		a municipality of Groningen, Netherlands; a historical region of Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Westerwolde	m		a municipality of Groningen, Netherlands
Kampen	m		Kampen (a municipality and seaside resort village on the island of Sylt,…; Kampen (a Hanseatic city and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands); Kampen (a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands)
Beesel	m		a village and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Brunssum	m		a city and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Echt-Susteren	m		a municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Eijsden-Margraten	m		a municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Gennep	m		a city and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gulpen-Wittem	m		a municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Heerlen	m		a city and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Kerkrade	m		a city and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Landgraaf	m		a city and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Leudal	m		a municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Maasgouw	m		a municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Meerssen	m		a village and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Nuth	m		a village and former municipality of Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Wognum	m		a village and former municipality of Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Beekdaelen	m		a municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Roerdalen	m		a municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Simpelveld	m		a village and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Vaals	m		a village and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Venray	m		a town and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Voerendaal	m		a village and municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Cuijk	m		a large village and former municipality of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant,…
Schagen	m		a city and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Julianadorp	m		a village in Den Helder, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao; a neighbourhood of Zwijndrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Drachten	m		a town and former municipality of Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Joure	m		a town and former municipality of De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Dokkum	m		a city and former municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Bolsward	m		a city and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
IJlst	m		a city and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hindeloopen	m		a city and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Workum	m		a city and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Sloten	m		a city and former municipality of De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood and former municipality of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Stavoren	m		a city and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
ridderhofstad	n	de · mv. ridderhofsteden	a knightly manor or homestead
Leiderdorp	m		a village and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
raadslid	n	het · mv. raadsleden	a councillor, a council member; in particular a member of a municipal council
riddermatig	a		chivalric, knightly (pertaining to or in accordance with chivalry; bestowing…
luchtvaartverkeer	n	het	air traffic (movement of aircraft)
verkeersregel	n	de · mv. verkeersregels	traffic rule, traffic regulation
Beuren	m		a surname, Beuren
Dievoet	m		The name of a locality in the vicinity of Ukkel
Vandievoet	m		a toponymic surname
Dievoort	m		part of the surname (Netherlands) Van Dievoort, (Belgium) Vandievoort
dorpshoofd	n	het · mv. dorpshoofden	a village chief, a village leader
dorpsplein	n	het · mv. dorpspleinen	a village square
dorpsgemeenschap	n	de · mv. dorpsgemeenschappen	a village community
dorpsstraat	n	de · mv. dorpsstraten	a village street, especially the (former) main street or only street of a…
dorpsgezicht	n	het · mv. dorpsgezichten	a village view, the appearance of the buildings and other elements of a…
bergdorp	n	het · mv. bergdorpen	a mountain village
geboortedorp	n	het · mv. geboortedorpen	the village where someone was born
esdorp	n	het · mv. esdorpen	a village with a village green as the central location for business and…
lintdorp	n	het · mv. lintdorpen	a linear village
bruidssluier	n	de · mv. bruidssluiers	a bride's veil
douane-unie	n	de · mv. douane-unies	customs union
verguldsel	n	het · mv. verguldsels	gilding, gold leaf
vergulden	v	verguldde – verguld	to gild, to apply gold leaf to
pillendoos	n	de · mv. pillendozen	a pillbox (box for pills); a pillbox (bunker)
schoenendoos	n	de · mv. schoenendozen	a shoebox (box for shoes)
sigarendoos	n	de · mv. sigarendozen	a cigar box (box for cigars)
taartdoos	n	de · mv. taartdozen	a cakebox (cardboard or paper box for cakes and pies)
kijkdoos	n	de · mv. kijkdozen	a box containing a peepshow, such as a diorama
poepdoos	n	de · mv. poepdozen	a privy, an outhouse, a backside, a backhouse
moedernaakt	a		stark naked, starkers
execrabel	a		execrable
mediatheek	n	de · mv. mediatheken	a multimedia library, a media library
pootjebaden	v	pootjebaadde – gepootjebaad	to paddle, to wet one's feet in water either by wading or by dabbling while…
basisdemocratie	n	de · mv. basisdemocratieën	grassroots democracy
beginnersgeluk	n	het	beginner's luck
elektrocardiogram	n	het · mv. elektrocardiogrammen	electrocardiogram, ECG
basisdemocratisch	a		relating to grassroots democracy, grassroots-democratic
hartfilm	n	de · mv. hartfilms	an electrocardiogram
oogheelkundig	a		ophthalmological
beschermgod	n	de · mv. beschermgoden	tutelary deity, guardian deity
beschermgodin	n	de · mv. beschermgodinnen	tutelary goddess, guardian goddess
livestreamen	v	livestreamde – gelivestreamd	to livestream
vakwerkbrug	n	de · mv. vakwerkbruggen	a truss bridge
vakwerkhuis	n	het · mv. vakwerkhuizen	a timber-frame house, a half-timbered house
vakvrouw	n	de · mv. vakvrouwen	craftswoman; female specialist, female expert
tomatenpuree	n	de · mv. tomatenpurees	tomato purée
marionettenleger	n	het · mv. marionettenlegers	a puppet army
marionettenstaat	n	de · mv. marionettenstaten	a puppet state
taalcontact	n	het · mv. taalcontacten	language contact
fotogeniek	a		photogenic
kogelregen	n	de · mv. kogelregens	hail of bullets (large amount of bullets shot at short time intervals)
landjuweel	n	het · mv. landjuwelen	a late-mediaeval or early-modern festive contest in which the chambers of…
tafelzilver	n	het	table silver (silver tableware)
verkeersongeluk	n	het · mv. verkeersongelukken	traffic accident
verkeersongeval	n	het · mv. verkeersongevallen	road accident, traffic accident
eenheidstaal	n	de · mv. eenheidstalen	unified language
kalligraferen	v	kalligrafeerde – gekalligrafeerd	to calligraph
schoonschrijven	v		to calligraph
wegslepen	v	sleepte weg – weggesleept	to tow away, to draw away, to haul away
doorzeven	v	doorzeefde – doorzeefd	to riddle (to make holes); to sieve through (to put through a sieve)
eenheidsstaat	n	de · mv. eenheidsstaten	unitary state
tolbrug	n	de · mv. tolbruggen	a toll bridge
antikraak	n	de	a form of temporary occupation in otherwise unoccupied premises to prevent…
antikraak	d		involving temporary occupation in otherwise unoccupied premises to prevent…
noodfonds	n	het · mv. noodfondsen	emergency fund
kogelstoten	n	het	shot put
Oost-Vlieland	m		a village in Vlieland, Friesland, Netherlands
West-Vlieland	m		A former village on Vlieland, lost to the sea in 1736
Striep	m		a hamlet in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands
stuifdijk	n	de · mv. stuifdijken	a dike that is formed by placing a barrier, often made of wood or twigs, in…
stuifsneeuw	n	de	drifting snow (fine, particulate snow that is easily blown by the wind)
bestuiven	v	bestoof – bestoven	to pollinate; to cover with dust or powder, to powder, to bedust
superieur	a		superior
superieur	n	de · mv. superieuren	one's superior
inferioriteit	n	de · mv. inferioriteiten	inferiority
ringdijk	n	de · mv. ringdijken	a ring dike, a looping embankment
landmeter	n	de · mv. landmeters	a surveyor
zaagblad	n	het · mv. zaagbladen	sawblade; sawwort, Serratula tinctoria
apneu	n	de · mv. apneus	an apnea
leeszaal	n	de · mv. leeszalen	a reading room
Cruquius	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
West-Terschelling	m		a village in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands
netnummer	n	het · mv. netnummers	area code
vervolgonderwijs	n	het	further education, continuing education
postzegelverzameling	n	de · mv. postzegelverzamelingen	postage stamp collection
loopneus	n	de · mv. loopneuzen	a runny nose
snorkelaar	n	de · mv. snorkelaars	a snorkeller
inferioriteitscomplex	n	het · mv. inferioriteitscomplexen	inferiority complex
meerderwaardigheidscomplex	n	het · mv. meerderwaardigheidscomplexen	superiority complex
meerderwaardigheid	n	de	superiority
meerderwaardig	a		superior
betonblok	n	het · mv. betonblokken	block of concrete
bestekla	n	de · mv. bestekladen	a drawer for cutlery
nazorg	n	de	aftercare
desbetreffend	a		referred to, aforementioned
wierdijk	n	de · mv. wierdijken	a dike consisting of an outer wall made of eelgrass or seaweed, that is…
milieuzone	n	de · mv. milieuzones	low-emission zone
milieustraat	n	de · mv. milieustraten	household waste recycling centre
slobkousbij	n	de · mv. slobkousbijen	yellow-loosestrife bee, Macropis europaea; any bee of the genus Macropis
wederik	n	de · mv. wederiken	A loosestrife; any plant of the genus Lysimachia
fietsstraat	n	de · mv. fietsstraten	a neighborhood bikeway, a bicycle boulevard (street where bicycles have…
lakmoes	n	het	litmus
wildrooster	n	het · mv. wildroosters	a cattle grid, usually one intended to discourage wild animals such as deer…
veerooster	n	het · mv. veeroosters	a cattle grid, usually specifically intended for livestock
absolutie	n	de	absolution, absolvement of sins by a clerical authority
haarverf	n	de · mv. haarverven	a hair dye
administratie	n	de · mv. administraties	administration, registration, in particular with respect to record keeping; act of administering, e.g. of a ritual or sacrament
abstractie	n	de · mv. abstracties	abstraction
administreren	v	administreerde – geadministreerd	to manage
takkewijf	n	het · mv. takkewijven	a bitch, a belligerent, annoying or rude woman
addictief	a		addictive
acrobatisch	a		acrobatic
acrobatiek	n	de	acrobatics
activatie	n	de · mv. activaties	activation, act or process of activating
IJmuiden	m		a town in Velsen, North Holland, Netherlands
Schoorl	m		a village and former municipality of Bergen, North Holland, Netherlands; a topographic surname
Pampus	m		A shallow waterway in the IJmeer near Amsterdam, Netherlands; An artificial island constructed on a shoal near the waterway in the IJmeer,…
scheepskameel	n	de · mv. scheepskamelen	an external flotation device consisting of wooden tanks, used for ships, in…
scheepskok	n	de · mv. scheepskokken	the cook of a ship
zeeschip	n	het · mv. zeeschepen	a seaworthy ship, a sea ship
motorschip	n	het · mv. motorschepen	motor ship
Buiksloot	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Watergang	m		a village in Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Ilpendam	m		a village and former municipality of Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Koedijk	m		a village and former municipality of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Zaanstreek	m		A region in North Holland, Netherlands near the river Zaan, including…
Uitgeest	m		a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Heemskerk	m		a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands; a surname
Bloemendaal	m		a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood and former municipality of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Velsen	m		a municipality of North Holland, Netherlands; Former name of Velsen-Zuid
Beverwijk	m		a city and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
nertsenfokkerij	n	de · mv. nertsenfokkerijen	a mink farm
nertsenfokker	n	de · mv. nertsenfokkers	a mink farmer, a mink breeder
fokkerij	n	de · mv. fokkerijen	a farm where animals are bred
wierriem	n	de · mv. wierriemen	an outer wall made of eelgrass or seaweed, supported by wooden fencing;…
Eierland	m		A region on the north of Texel, North Holland, Netherlands, historically a…
Broekman	m		a surname
pakbon	n	de · mv. pakbonnen	packing slip, packing list
ontpolderen	v	ontpolderde – ontpolderd	to undo poldering, to return an area of ground to water
tist	n	de · mv. tisten	a strange or remarkable person; a guy
tiest	n	de	a big head; stunt, prank, maneuver
Tiest	m		a male given name
hooiland	n	het · mv. hooilanden	hayland
volkstuin	n	de · mv. volkstuinen	an allotment of land rented as a garden plot to gardeners, historically in…
volkstuinder	n	de · mv. volkstuinders	a gardener renting and tending to an allotment of land
haagspel	n	het · mv. haagspelen	a late-mediaeval or early-modern rural festive contest of lower standing in…
slijmzwam	n	de · mv. slijmzwammen	slime mold
Verbeek	m		a surname
klappertaart	n	de · mv. klappertaarten	an Indonesian custard-like cake made of coconut and dairy originating from…
Hogendorp	m		a surname
Troelstra	m		a surname
Nieuwenhuis	m		a surname
Naaktgeboren	m		a surname
Marijnissen	m		a surname
zatlap	n	de · mv. zatlappen	boozer, lush, someone who is constantly drunk
kamisa	n	de · mv. kamisa's	loincloth worn by Maroon men
proosdij	n	de · mv. proosdijen	a provosty, a provostship, a provostry; the office or remit of a provost/; the residence of a provost
incestueus	a		incestuous
Fokke	m		a male given name
trekbiljart	n	de/het · mv. trekbiljarten	a game in which one has to guide a ball laid on two movable rods placed on…
hoofdbureau	n	het · mv. hoofdbureaus	main office, now generally used of the main police station of a given area
geschiedschrijver	n	de · mv. geschiedschrijvers	a historian, one who writes a history
pinksterdag	n	de · mv. pinksterdagen	Pentecost Sunday (eerste pinksterdag) or the Monday after (tweede pinksterdag)
universiteitsbibliotheek	n	de · mv. universiteitsbibliotheken	a university library
schoolbibliotheek	n	de · mv. schoolbibliotheken	a school library
Poel	m		a surname
Poels	m		a surname
Kuipers	m		a surname
mimiek	n	de · mv. mimieken	facial expression
gelaatsexpressie	n	de · mv. gelaatsexpressies	facial expression
ambtsketen	n	de · mv. ambtsketens	chain of office, livery collar
stramijn	n	het · mv. stramijnen	colander
alfabetiseren	v	alfabetiseerde – gealfabetiseerd	to arrange alphabetically; to educate in reading and writing, to make literate
amenderen	v	amendeerde – geamendeerd	to amend, to change or add to a proposed law or rule
emenderen	v	emendeerde – geëmendeerd	to emend, to correct (something, especially a reading of a text), to mend
voorouderaltaar	n	het · mv. voorouderaltaren	an ancestral altar, an altar used for worshipping or venerating ancestors
onderbelichten	v	onderbelichtte – onderbelicht	to underexpose; to cover a topic insufficiently, to neglect a topic
huisaltaar	n	het · mv. huisaltaren	a home altar
vleesverwerking	n	de	meat processing
zeulen	v	zeulde – gezeuld	to drag
onderdoen	v	onderdeed – onderdaan	to subjugate; to place underneath; to be inferior to
Smeets	m		a surname
Evers	m		a surname, Evers, originating as a patronymic, equivalent to English Everetts
Jonker	m		a surname
Kuijpers	m		a surname
Schimmelpenninck	m		an aristocratic surname
ontweien	v	ontweide – ontweid	to disembowel
ontspinnen	v	ontspon – ontsponnen	to occur, to arise; to develop, to turn into; to remove spiders
rotgans	n	de · mv. rotganzen	the brent goose, brant (Branta bernicla)
nijlgans	n	de · mv. nijlganzen	Egyptian goose (Alopochen aegyptiaca)
Rotgans	m		a surname
Dijk	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Asten, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kamminga	m		a surname
Tromp	m		a surname
Hollum	m		a village in Ameland, Friesland, Netherlands
ontpoppen	v	ontpopte – ontpopt	to moult, to shed; to reveal, to expose; to develop into, to emerge as
Winschoten	m		a city and former municipality of Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Ommen	m		a city and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Wolvega	m		a village and former municipality of Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Lutjebroek	m		a village in Stede Broec, North Holland, Netherlands near Enkhuizen; Podunk, Bumfuck
Enkhuizen	m		a city and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
ontslippen	v	ontslipte – ontslipt	to slip away, slide away; to escape, evade, get away
Drontermeer	m		A lake in the Netherlands, located between Flevoland, Gelderland and Overijssel
Raalte	m		a village and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Buitenpost	m		a village and former municipality of Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Nieuwleusen	m		a village and former municipality of Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Oudleusen	m		a village in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Staphorst	m		a village and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Hoogezand-Sappemeer	m		a former municipality of Groningen, Netherlands
Diever	m		a village and former municipality of Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Smilde	m		a village and former municipality of Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Dwingeloo	m		a village and former municipality of Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Steenwijk	m		a city and former municipality of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wezep	m		a village in Oldebroek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wieringen	m		A region, former island and former municipality with city rights in North…
Twello	m		a village and former municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands
Hattemerbroek	m		a village in Oldebroek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wapenveld	m		a village in Heerde, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vollenhove	m		a city and former municipality of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Willemsoord	m		a village in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wilhelminaoord	m		a village in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Frederiksoord	m		a village in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands; a neighbourhoods of Katwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
ontkroezen	v	ontkroesde – ontkroesd	to uncurl, to straighten
ontkrullen	v	ontkrulde – ontkruld	to uncurl, to straighten
Teun	m		a male given name
Dries	m		a male given name; a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
rederijkerskamer	n	de · mv. rederijkerskamers	chamber of rhetoric, a late-mediaeval or early-modern literary guild…
ijsbaan	n	de · mv. ijsbanen	an ice-skating rink, an ice rink
inbijten	v	beet in – ingebeten	to corrode, to erode
illusoir	a		illusory
godsonmogelijk	a		absolutely impossible
kathedraalschool	n	de · mv. kathedraalscholen	cathedral school
nummerplaat	n	de · mv. nummerplaten	license plate, number plate
oppervlaktewater	n	het	surface water
hemelmechanica	n	de	celestial mechanics
kwantummechanica	n	de	quantum mechanics
pamflettist	n	de · mv. pamflettisten	pamphleteer
niet-aanvalsverdrag	n	het · mv. niet-aanvalsverdragen	nonaggression pact
pantserkruiser	n	de · mv. pantserkruisers	armoured cruiser
kruiser	n	de · mv. kruisers	a cruiser (warship)
zondagsrust	n	de	Sunday rest
werkuur	n	het · mv. werkuren	working hour
ruggenwervel	n	de · mv. ruggenwervels	vertebra of the back
zangleraar	n	de · mv. zangleraren	a singing coach, a singing instructor
schooljuf	n	de · mv. schooljuffen	a female schoolteacher at a kindergarten or primary school
Londens	a		of, from or pertaining to London
ontlijken	v	ontleek – ontleken	to no longer resemble, to not appear as before; to remove the bolt rope from a sail
zanglerares	n	de · mv. zangleraressen	a female singing coach, a female singing instructor
Vught	m		a town and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Voorburg	m		a town and former municipality of Leidschendam-Voorburg, South Holland,…; a neighbourhood of Vught, North Brabant, Netherlands
Leidschendam	m		a town and former municipality of Leidschendam-Voorburg, South Holland,…
Rijswijk	m		a town and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands, to the south of The Hague; a village and former municipality of Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands; a village in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oord	m		a surname
Groninger	n	de · mv. Groningers	an inhabitant or native of the city Groningen; an inhabitant or native of the province Groningen
Groninger	a		of or from Groningen
Ommelanden	m		the historically Frisian regions aroud the Low Saxon city Groningen during…
Delfts	a		of or from Delft
Moabiet	n	de · mv. Moabieten	a Moabite
Moabitisch	a		Moabite, Moabitic
's-Gravenzande	m		a city and former municipality of Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Zwols	a		of, from or pertaining to Zwolle
rolstoelafhankelijk	a		bound to a wheelchair, wheelchair-dependent
rolstoeltoegankelijk	a		accessible to wheelchair users
Klazienaveen	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nijverdal	m		a town in Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands
Spijkenisse	m		a town and former municipality of Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Hardenberg	m		a city and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands; a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Losser	m		a village and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Bodegraven	m		a village and former municipality of Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland,…
Woerden	m		a city and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Duivendrecht	m		a village in Ouder-Amstel, North Holland, Netherlands
Haaksbergen	m		a village and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Hengelo	m		a city and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands without city rights, near…; a village and former municipality of Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nieuwegein	m		a town and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Heerhugowaard	m		a town and former municipality of Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands
Groesbeek	m		a village in Gelderland, Netherlands
Leerdam	m		a city and former municipality of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Schoonhoven	m		a city and former municipality of Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Goor	m		a city and former municipality of Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands; a hamlet in Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
radiostraling	n	de	radiation in the radio spectrum
meridiaankijker	n	de · mv. meridiaankijkers	meridian circle (type of telescope)
beits	n	de/het · mv. beitsen	stain (colourant that soaks into surface)
beitsen	v	beitste – gebeitst	to stain (to coat with a stain)
sterrenkijker	n	de · mv. sterrenkijkers	an astronomical telescope
meridiaan	n	de · mv. meridianen	meridian (great circle passing through the geographic poles)
nulmeridiaan	n	de	prime meridian
vanillesuiker	n	de	vanilla sugar (vanilla-flavoured sugar)
dinnetje	n	het · mv. dinnetjes	synonym of vriendin (both senses)
leerstof	n	de	the subject matter that is taught or studied
culminatie	n	de · mv. culminaties	culmination, transit, the reaching of the highest altitude by a celestial body; culmination, highpoint, apex
lengtecirkel	n	de · mv. lengtecirkels	meridian (great circle passing through the geographic poles)
Kerkhof	m		a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands; a surname
Slaats	m		a surname
Fons	m		a diminutive of the male given name Alfons; a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Geert	m		a male given name
verkiezingsfraude	n	de · mv. verkiezingsfraudes	electoral fraud
identiteitsfraude	n	de · mv. identiteitsfraudes	identity fraud
schoenzool	n	de · mv. schoenzolen	the sole of a shoe
politiegeweld	n	het	police violence
droogvis	n	de	dried fish
leerstoel	n	de · mv. leerstoelen	academic chair (professorship)
notarieel	a		notarial
Geurts	m		a surname
provinciegrens	n	de · mv. provinciegrenzen	provincial border
gemeentegrens	n	de · mv. gemeentegrenzen	municipal boundary
Ruigrok	m		a surname
Mijdrecht	m		a village and former municipality of De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Wilnis	m		a village and former municipality of De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vinkeveen	m		a village and former municipality of De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Doorn	m		a village and former municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Driebergen-Rijsenburg	m		a village and former municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Maarn	m		a village and former municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Leersum	m		a village and former municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Amerongen	m		a village and former municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht,…; A surname in the United States, from the Netherlands
Rhenen	m		a city and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Elst	m		a village and former municipality of Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands; a village in Rhenen, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Achterberg	m		a village in Rhenen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Renswoude	m		a village and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Veenendaal	m		a town and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Abcoude	m		a village and former municipality of De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vianen	m		a city and former municipality of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands; a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Meerkerk	m		a village and former municipality of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Lexmond	m		a village and former municipality of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Ameide	m		a city and former municipality of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Lopik	m		a village and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Leusden	m		a town and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Linschoten	m		a village and former municipality of Montfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Haarzuilens	m		a village and former municipality of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kamerik	m		a village and former municipality of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Bunnik	m		a village and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Harmelen	m		a village and former municipality of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kockengen	m		a village and former municipality of Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vecht	m		a river in Utrecht, Netherlands; a river in Overijssel, Netherlands
vlotbrug	n	de · mv. vlotbruggen	a retractable floating bridge
inkopen	v	kocht in – ingekocht	to purchase, to buy, to acquire through purchase; to buy oneself [with in ‘into’] (something, e.g. an enterprise)
inkoop	n	de · mv. inkopen	purchase, procurement
lichaamsholte	n	de · mv. lichaamsholtes	bodily cavity
etsnaald	n	de · mv. etsnaalden	an etching needle
dennennaald	n	de · mv. dennennaalden	a pine needle (leaf of a pine tree)
aquaristiek	n	de	the practice of or the knowledge needed for maintaining an aquarium
aquaristisch	a		aquaristic, pertaining to aquarium keeping
conciliarisme	n	het	conciliarism (view that church councils should be the supreme authority in…
conciliaristisch	a		conciliaristic, conciliarist (relating to the view that church councils…
reformeren	v	reformeerde – gereformeerd	to reform; to reform along Protestant lines; to reorganise, to reform, to regroup
pioenroos	n	de · mv. pioenrozen	a peony, a plant of the genus Paeonia; its flower in particular
windroos	n	de · mv. windrozen	a compass rose (possibly quite intricate); an anemone (plant or flower of the genus Anemone), in particular the wood…
bosanemoon	n	de · mv. bosanemonen	wood anemone, windflower (Anemone nemorosa)
windkruis	n	het · mv. windkruisen	a compass rose (usually relatively simple)
zeeanemoon	n	de · mv. zeeanemonen	sea anemone, animal of the order Actiniaria
bloemdier	n	het · mv. bloemdieren	anthozoan (animal of the class Anthozoa)
holtedier	n	het · mv. holtedieren	a coelenterate, animal of the (dated) phylum Coelenterata
muggenbult	n	de · mv. muggenbulten	a mosquito bite (inflamed bump by a mosquito biting)
Echt	m		a town and former municipality of Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Reuver	m		a village in Beesel, Limburg, Netherlands
Tegelen	m		a village and former municipality of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Wessem	m		a town and former municipality of Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
Nieuwstadt	m		a town and former municipality of Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Susteren	m		a town and former municipality of Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Bocholtz	m		a village and former municipality of Simpelveld, Limburg, Netherlands
Kootwijk	m		a village in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
vestingstad	n	de · mv. vestingsteden	a fortified town or city
mystiek	a		mystic, mystical
mystiek	n	de	mysticism
congregationalisme	n	het	Congregationalism
congregationalistisch	a		Congregationalist
heiligbeen	n	het · mv. heiligbeenderen	sacrum
kerkvergadering	n	de · mv. kerkvergaderingen	church council
sensatiebelust	a		sensationalist, craving sensation
theocratie	n	de · mv. theocratieën	theocracy
theocratisch	a		theocratic
theocraat	n	de · mv. theocraten	theocrat (ruler of a theocracy); theocrat (proponent of theocracy)
dubbelmonster	n	het · mv. dubbelmonsters	double monster, Siamese twin
symbioot	n	de · mv. symbioten	a symbiote, a symbiont
Geleen	m		a town and former municipality of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
sensationeel	a		sensational
langpootmug	n	de · mv. langpootmuggen	a crane fly, mosquito of the family Tipulidae
ruimdenkend	a		open-minded
wereldschokkend	a		earthshattering, shocking, of great import or consequence
nieuwsoverzicht	n	het · mv. nieuwsoverzichten	news overview (summary of the news)
actualiteit	n	de · mv. actualiteiten	actuality, activity; topicality; current affairs
niesbui	n	de · mv. niesbuien	a sneezing fit
geweerschot	n	het · mv. geweerschoten	a rifle shot, a gunshot (shot fired by a long-barrelled, (semi)portable gun)
fietspomp	n	de · mv. fietspompen	a bicycle pump, an inflator, a cycle pump
jagerslatijn	n	het	hunting jargon; hunting-related tall stories, hunting-related boasting
inzaaien	v	zaaide in – ingezaaid	to sow seed into a (tract of soil)
rouwkaart	n	de · mv. rouwkaarten	mourning card
prenataal	a		antenatal, prenatal
postnataal	a		postnatal
schampen	v	schampte – geschampt	to graze
zuivelfabriek	n	de · mv. zuivelfabrieken	a dairy factory
myoom	n	het · mv. myomen	a myoma
uitgaansverbod	n	het · mv. uitgaansverboden	a ban on going out, a curfew
plundertocht	n	de · mv. plundertochten	a plundering expedition
plunderaar	n	de · mv. plunderaars	a pillager, a plunderer
strooptocht	n	de · mv. strooptochten	a poaching or plundering expedition
spoorlijn	n	de · mv. spoorlijnen	a railway line (railway connection between two stops)
dubbelspoor	n	het · mv. dubbelsporen	double track
enkelspoor	n	het · mv. enkelsporen	single track
eikenprocessierups	n	de · mv. eikenprocessierupsen	The caterpillar of the oak processionary moth (Thaumetopoea processionea)
eikenprocessievlinder	n	de · mv. eikenprocessievlinders	oak processionary (Thaumetopoea processionea)
processierups	n	de · mv. processierupsen	processionary caterpillar, caterpillar of the family Thaumetopoeidae
processievlinder	n	de · mv. processievlinders	processionary moth, butterfly of the family Thaumetopoeidae
herculesslag	n	de · mv. herculesslagen	a ball that passes the line of the field in Frisian handball
rekstok	n	de · mv. rekstokken	horizontal bar
bekerwedstrijd	n	de · mv. bekerwedstrijden	a match in which the winner of a cup is decided; a final of a cup
bekerfinale	n	de · mv. bekerfinales	a match in which the winner of a cup is decided; a cup final
Pasman	m		a surname
waterkou	n	de	cold (low temperature) caused by moistness
waterkoud	a		cold and damp
ziekenhuisafdeling	n	de · mv. ziekenhuisafdelingen	a hospital ward, a hospital unit
akkerbouwer	n	de · mv. akkerbouwers	a tiller, a farmer who cultivates crops on fields
broedplaats	n	de · mv. broedplaatsen	a nesting site, a breeding-ground of egglaying animals
diergedrag	n	het	animal behaviour
stroperij	n	de	poaching (illegal hunting)
snorhaar	n	het · mv. snorharen	a whisker of certain non-human mammals, such as those of cats and rodents; a moustache hair; (uncountable) moustache hair
allergoloog	n	de · mv. allergologen	allergologist, allergist
allergologisch	a		allergological
infectieziekte	n	de · mv. infectieziekten	an infectious disease, an illness caused by an infection
voedselallergie	n	de · mv. voedselallergieën	a food allergy
kankerwijf	n	het · mv. kankerwijven	An obscene pejorative for a woman: fucking bitch, etc
kaasvervanger	n	de · mv. kaasvervangers	a vegan substitute for cheese
visvervanger	n	de · mv. visvervangers	a vegetarian or vegan substitute for fish or seafood
magnetronmaaltijd	n	de · mv. magnetronmaaltijden	microwave meal
aanbiedplaats	n	de · mv. aanbiedplaatsen	a place where rubbish bags or containers are placed and collected on…
vangbal	n	de · mv. vangballen	a ball that has been caught
bergmeubel	n	het · mv. bergmeubels	a piece of furniture used for storage, such as a closet or chest of drawers
trapauto	n	de · mv. trapauto's	a pedal car (children's toy car)
onverkoopbaar	a		unsaleable, unsellable
onvervangbaar	a		irreplacable
onweerstaanbaar	a		irresistible
onverdeelbaar	a		indivisible
onvatbaar	a		unsusceptible, insusceptible, unreceptive, impervious
onveranderbaar	a		unchangeable, immutable
onuitblusbaar	a		inextinguishable
onuitspreekbaar	a		unpronounceable
onuitroeibaar	a		ineradicable
onuitvoerbaar	a		impossible to put into practice, impracticable
ontharingsmiddel	n	het · mv. ontharingsmiddelen	depilatory
krantenknipsel	n	het · mv. krantenknipsels	a newspaper cutting, a newspaper clipping
verkiezingsnederlaag	n	de · mv. verkiezingsnederlagen	electoral loss, electoral defeat
gebrild	a		spectacled, bespectacled
fieltenstreek	n	de · mv. fieltenstreken	fiendish trick, act of knavery
eretitel	n	de · mv. eretitels	honorary title
koffieplantage	n	de · mv. koffieplantages	coffee plantation
koffieplanter	n	de · mv. koffieplanters	coffee planter, the owner or operator of a coffee plantation
koffiemelk	n	de	milk or creamer intended for use in coffee
koffieroom	n	de	cream intended to be used in coffee
koffieleut	n	de · mv. koffieleuten	someone who frequently drinks coffee
koffiemolen	n	de · mv. koffiemolens	a coffee grinder
infinitesimaal	a		infinitesimal
infinitesimaalrekening	a		infinitesimal calculus
spuitwater	n	het	carbonated water, soda water
prikwater	n	het	carbonated water, soda water
priklimonade	n	de · mv. priklimonades	fizzy drink, soft drink, soda (carbonated sweet drink)
statussymbool	n	het · mv. statussymbolen	status symbol
schietwilg	n	de · mv. schietwilgen	white willow, Salix alba
vloekbeest	n	het · mv. vloekbeesten	a prolific curser; a loud and shrill animal
visgrom	n	het	fish intestines
onchristelijk	a		unchristian; uncouth, unorthodox, at odds with public decency
menseneter	n	de · mv. menseneters	a man-eater, one who eats humans, in particular a human cannibal
lijkroof	n	de · mv. lijkroven	bodysnatching, theft of cadavers
invloedssfeer	n	de · mv. invloedssferen	sphere of influence
hemelsfeer	n	de · mv. hemelsferen	heaven
sfeerverlichting	n	de · mv. sfeerverlichtingen	atmospheric lighting, mood lighting (ambient artificial lighting)
machtssfeer	n	de · mv. machtssferen	sphere of power, range of one's power
gedenkpenning	n	de · mv. gedenkpenningen	a commemoration coin
mensenhater	n	de · mv. mensenhaters	a misanthrope
mensenvriend	n	de · mv. mensenvrienden	a philanthropist, a philanthrope
glastuinbouw	n	de	greenhouse agriculture
glastuinderij	n	de · mv. glastuinderijen	an agricultural business operating in a greenhouse
glastuinder	n	de · mv. glastuinders	a farmer or tiller who operates a greenhouse
glascultuur	n	de	greenhouse agriculture
glasteelt	n	de	greenhouse agriculture
glasteler	n	de · mv. glastelers	a tiller or farmer who operates a greenhouse
gevechtseenheid	n	de · mv. gevechtseenheden	a combat unit
gevechtsvlieger	n	de · mv. gevechtsvliegers	a combat pilot, a pilot who flies a military aircraft
paalbewoner	n	de · mv. paalbewoners	an inhabitant of pile dwelling
oermens	n	de · mv. oermensen	a prehistoric human, especially an apeman
Beerens	m		a surname
Beers	m		a village and former municipality of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands; a surname
Berends	m		a surname originating as a patronymic
Berendsen	m		a surname
Kranenburg	m		a village in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands; a surname
Kranendonk	m		a surname
Voorn	m		a surname
Poort	m		a surname
mefitisch	a		mephitic, stinking; producing or pertaining to a putrid, suffocating and…
meerpolder	n	de · mv. meerpolders	a polder in a former lake
meerkeuzetoets	n	de · mv. meerkeuzetoetsen	multiple-choice test
kanaalpand	n	het · mv. kanaalpanden	a section of a canal that is located between two locks
fluisterboot	n	de · mv. fluisterboten	an electric boat (motorised boat with an electrical engine)
roetmop	n	de · mv. roetmoppen	An offensive term of abuse for a black person: nigger; A nickname or insult for a chimney sweep; A nickname or insult for a coal miner
rijontzegging	n	de · mv. rijontzeggingen	a suspension of a driving licence, a disqualification from driving
introïtus	n	de/het	introitus, introit
scheepsromp	n	de · mv. scheepsrompen	the hull of a ship
handelsschip	n	het · mv. handelsschepen	a trading ship, a merchant ship
rivierschip	n	het · mv. rivierschepen	a river ship
voorraadschip	n	het · mv. voorraadschepen	a supply ship
scheepsvracht	n	de · mv. scheepsvrachten	the cargo of a ship; a shipload
havendorp	n	het · mv. havendorpen	a port village, a harbour village
weglopen	v	liep weg – weggelopen	to walk away, to walk off; to stream away, to run off
wetenschapsgeschiedenis	n	de	history of science and (academic) scholarship
pangermanist	n	de · mv. pangermanisten	Pan-Germanist
pangermanistisch	a		Pan-Germanist
moderaat	a		moderate
moderaat	n	de · mv. moderaten	a political conservative, a moderate
karakterfout	n	de · mv. karakterfouten	character flaw
spellingsfout	n	de · mv. spellingsfouten	a spelling error, a spelling mistake
karakterschets	n	de · mv. karakterschetsen	a character sketch, a character profile
tijdschriftencassette	n	de · mv. tijdschriftencassettes	a magazine file (narrow container for storing magazines)
meisjesachtig	a		girlish, girly, girllike
neopaganisme	n	het	neopaganism
strijdgas	n	het · mv. strijdgassen	military poison gas
pepperspray	n	de · mv. peppersprays	pepper spray
travertijn	n	de/het	travertine
bierdop	n	de · mv. bierdoppen	the cap of a beer bottle
flessendop	n	de · mv. flessendoppen	a bottle cap
keizerskroon	n	de · mv. keizerskronen	an imperial crown
rugzwemmen	v		to swim on one's back
internetbankieren	v	internetbankierde – geïnternetbankierd	to engage in Internet banking
internetbankieren	n	het	Internet banking
bankieren	v	bankierde – gebankierd	to bank
tienduizendtal	n	het · mv. tienduizendtallen	a ten thousand, a multiple of ten thousand
stroomstootwapen	n	het · mv. stroomstootwapens	a taser (electro-stun weapon)
lijnvliegtuig	n	het · mv. lijnvliegtuigen	an airliner, an aeroplane flying a scheduled flight
houttuin	n	de · mv. houttuinen	a wood store yard
travertijnsteen	n	de/het	travertine
elektroboot	n	de · mv. elektroboten	an electric boat (motorised boat with an electrical engine)
geluidskaart	n	de · mv. geluidskaarten	a sound card; a map depicting sound norms or sound levels
vliegtuigkaping	n	de · mv. vliegtuigkapingen	an aeroplane hijacking
vliegtuigkaper	n	de · mv. vliegtuigkapers	an aeroplane hijacker
bloemenkrans	n	de · mv. bloemenkransen	a flower wreath
lekenvroomheid	n	de	lay devotion, lay piety
stootwapen	n	het · mv. stootwapens	a weapon used for thrusting (may be both sharp or blunt)
meharist	n	de · mv. meharisten	a mehari rider, especially in a military unit
veldprediker	n	de · mv. veldpredikers	a military chaplain, usually a Protestant one
aanvalsplan	n	het · mv. aanvalsplannen	an attack plan
onderstel	n	het · mv. onderstellen	undercarriage, underframe, chassis (supporting framework onto which…
persmoment	n	het · mv. persmomenten	a relatively short press event, a meeting with the press
goedgelovig	a		credulous, gullible
golfslagbad	n	het · mv. golfslagbaden	a wave pool, a swimming pool with an installation to artificially create…
poedelbad	n	het · mv. poedelbaden	a paddling pool, a wading pool
krakkemikkig	a		rickety, fragile
tweedeling	n	de · mv. tweedelingen	bifurcation, a split or act of splitting into two, dichotomy
estuarium	n	het · mv. estuaria	estuary
wetenschapstaal	n	de · mv. wetenschapstalen	scientific terminology or jargon, language of science, scientific language; a language (dialect, e.g. an official national language) used for…
imagoschade	n	de	reputational damage
spionagevliegtuig	n	het · mv. spionagevliegtuigen	an espionage airplane, a spy plane
noodlanding	n	de · mv. noodlandingen	an emergency landing
verloedering	n	de · mv. verloederingen	degradation, degeneration, dilapidation
onbevoegd	a		unqualified, unauthorised, not having permission
erkentelijk	a		thankful, grateful
leergang	n	de · mv. leergangen	course, education; educational method
kogellager	n	de/het · mv. kogellagers	ball bearing
zuurstofarm	a		having, providing or requiring little oxygen, low-oxygen
zuurstofmolecuul	n	het · mv. zuurstofmoleculen	an oxygen molecule, O₂
zuurstoffles	n	de · mv. zuurstofflessen	an oxygen cylinder, an oxygen bottle, especially as diving gear
mid-mid	n	de · mv. mid-mids	a central midfielder
smeltzout	n	het · mv. smeltzouten	emulsifying salt
demonisch	a		demonic
demoon	n	de · mv. demonen	demon (evil supernatural creature)
burggravin	n	de · mv. burggravinnen	viscountess, a peerage rank, below gravin (countess)
Bondsdag	m		Bundestag (the federal/state parliament of Germany)
kranig	a		strong, valiant, sturdy
opbeuren	v	beurde op – opgebeurd	to lift up, to raise; to cheer up, to comfort
opbergen	v	borg op – opgeborgen	to store, to stash away, to pack away, to stow away
opbruisen	v	bruiste op – opgebruist	to effervesce, to bubble up, to froth, to fizz
kapelaan	n	de · mv. kapelaans	chaplain, curate, a Catholic priest working in a parish church
mouten	v	moutte – gemout	to malt
mouter	n	de · mv. mouters	a maltster, a person who malts grain
machineschrift	n	het	typescript
kompashuisje	n	het · mv. kompashuisjes	binnacle
moleculair	a		molecular
parochiaan	n	de · mv. parochianen	a parishioner, a member of a Catholic parish
Krijgsman	m		a surname originating as an occupation
Krijger	m		a surname originating as an occupation
nachtdienst	n	de · mv. nachtdiensten	night shift
pelsdier	n	het · mv. pelsdieren	a fur animal, an animal raised or hunted for its fur
wereldnieuws	n	het	global news, news from all over the world or globally important new
terpdorp	n	het · mv. terpdorpen	a village built on an artificial mound
nudistisch	a		nudist, pertaining to nudism or nudists
naturistisch	a		naturist
supermerk	n	het · mv. supermerken	an excellent or prominent brand (of a product or service)
hoosbui	n	de · mv. hoosbuien	a downpour, a heavy rain
pisnicht	n	de · mv. pisnichten	poof, faggot, homo (homophobic slur for a man)
USB-kabel	n	de · mv. USB-kabels	USB cable
relnicht	n	de · mv. relnichten	a camp, effeminate homosexual man
ruigpoot	n	de · mv. ruigpoten	homo, poof, faggot (homophobic slur for a homosexual man)
stoelpoot	n	de · mv. stoelpoten	a leg of a chair
pootafdruk	n	de · mv. pootafdrukken	a paw print
Jonen	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
programmeerbaar	a		programmable
hongerstaker	n	de · mv. hongerstakers	a hunger striker
grashalm	n	de · mv. grashalmen	a blade of grass
burgerdeugd	n	de · mv. burgerdeugden	civic virtue (often with bourgeois connotations)
burgerplicht	n	de · mv. burgerplichten	civic duty (often with bourgeois or somewhat conservative connotations)
buitenissigheid	n	de · mv. buitenissigheden	weirdness, oddity, excentricity; something odd; an excentricity, an oddity
burgerstand	n	de	middle class, sometimes including the bourgeoisie
heulsap	n	het · mv. heulsappen	opium, (dried) juice obtained from the opium poppy
nakroost	n	het	progeny, descendants
kettingregel	n	de	chain rule (formula to calculate the derivative of a composite function)
keurvorstendom	n	het · mv. keurvorstendommen	an electorate, a principality with electoral rights in the Holy Roman…
markgraaf	n	de · mv. markgraven	a margrave, a marquess
burchtvrouw	n	de · mv. burchtvrouwen	a chatelaine
burchtheer	n	de · mv. burchtheren	a castellan, a chatelain
buitenman	n	de · mv. buitenmannen	a male rustic, a rural man, e.g. a male villager
trompetter	n	de · mv. trompetters	a trumpet player, especially in an army or a ceremony
kasteleines	n	de · mv. kasteleinessen	a barwoman, a female bartender, a female barkeeper
partijcongres	n	het · mv. partijcongressen	a political-party congress
schoonheidssalon	n	de · mv. schoonheidssalons	a beauty salon, a beauty parlour
roodbont	a		red-pied, red and white
ijzerdraad	n	het	iron wire (material); iron wire (piece of iron wire)
uitverkoren	a		chosen, elect, selected
invaller	n	de · mv. invallers	a substitute, one who temporarily replaces someone else
stopfles	n	de · mv. stopflessen	a jar or bottle with a lid that resembles a plug and is usually made of glass
straffeloos	d		unpunished; with impunity, without (fear) of retribution
straffeloos	a		unpunished, with impunity
kaveling	n	de · mv. kavelingen	a plot, a lot, a tract of land, especially in contexts of allotment or sale…; allotment by lottery; a lot in an auction sale
vrijheidsstraf	n	de · mv. vrijheidsstraffen	a punishment involving deprivation of liberty, imprisonment, prison sentence
hypocentrum	n	het · mv. hypocentra	hypocentre
aardbevingshaard	n	de · mv. aardbevingshaarden	a hypocentre
bevingshaard	n	de · mv. bevingshaarden	a hypocentre
afplakband	n	de/het · mv. afplakbanden	masking tape
afplakken	v	plakte af – afgeplakt	to mask, to cover, particularly with masking tape when preparing for painting
prijsvechter	n	de · mv. prijsvechters	a prizefighter; a business that competes by offering relatively low prices
nachtzoen	n	de · mv. nachtzoenen	a good-night kiss
koorhek	n	het · mv. koorhekken	a choir screen in a church
legerarts	n	de · mv. legerartsen	an army doctor (medical doctor)
kattebel	n	de · mv. kattebellen	a short, hastily written letter
kakhuis	n	het · mv. kakhuizen	craphouse, privy, outhouse (toilet in a separate outbuilding)
privaat	a		private, personal
privaat	n	het · mv. privaten	a privy, an outhouse; a toilet
cirkelzaag	n	de · mv. cirkelzagen	a circular saw
Bloemen	m		a surname, Bloemen
cameratoezicht	n	het	camera surveillance
incontinentieluier	n	de · mv. incontinentieluiers	incontinence nappy, incontinence diaper
traplift	n	de · mv. trapliften	a stairlift
traphek	n	het · mv. traphekken	a stair safety gate for pets and small children
gemeentewerken	n		municipal public works
motorbende	n	de · mv. motorbendes	a biker gang
bendeoorlog	n	de · mv. bendeoorlogen	a gang war
incubatietijd	n	de · mv. incubatietijden	an incubation period
incubatie	n	de	incubation (development of a disease)
straatrace	n	de · mv. straatraces	a street race
straatracer	n	de · mv. straatracers	a street racer
rolstoellift	n	de · mv. rolstoelliften	a wheelchair lift
rolstoelgebruiker	n	de · mv. rolstoelgebruikers	a wheelchair user
geweldsmisdrijf	n	het · mv. geweldsmisdrijven	a violent crime
gemakhuis	n	het · mv. gemakhuizen	privy, outhouse (toilet in a separate outbuilding)
schelpenpad	n	het · mv. schelpenpaden	a shell-covered path
drogredenaar	n	de · mv. drogredenaars	a sophist, someone who uses fallacies
komenijswinkel	n	de · mv. komenijswinkels	a grocery store
komenij	n	de · mv. komenijen	a grocery store; groceries, in particular sweets
kruidenierswinkel	n	de · mv. kruidenierswinkels	a grocery store
straatveger	n	de · mv. straatvegers	a street sweeper
theezak	n	de · mv. theezakken	a teabag
pyroop	n	de · mv. pyropen	a pyrope, a dark red garnet (gemstone); pyrope (substance)
kalkoenenei	n	het · mv. kalkoeneneieren	a turkey egg
hoornvee	n	het	horned livestock, especially cattle
overtreder	n	de · mv. overtreders	someone who breaks a law or rule
hospitaalschip	n	het · mv. hospitaalschepen	a hospital ship
hospitaaltrein	n	de · mv. hospitaaltreinen	a hospital train, a train used for the transportation and medical treatment…
edelknaap	n	de · mv. edelknapen	a noble boy, in particular a page
hoornbeest	n	het · mv. hoornbeesten	a livestock animal with horns, especially a head of cattle
fonopost	n	de	mail containing audio media with spoken messages
martelkamer	n	de · mv. martelkamers	a torture chamber
hoorndier	n	het · mv. hoorndieren	a horned animal, in particular a head of cattle
hoorndrager	n	de · mv. hoorndragers	a male cuckold or wittol
folterkamer	n	de · mv. folterkamers	a torture chamber
onvolwassen	a		immature (not having reached adulthood or maturity); immature (behaving childishly)
koorbisschop	n	de · mv. koorbisschoppen	an auxiliary bishop active in or near the Frankish kingdom
wijbisschop	n	de · mv. wijbisschoppen	an auxiliary bishop, chiefly in missionary contexts
hulpbisschop	n	de · mv. hulpbisschoppen	an auxiliary bishop
geschiedvervalsing	n	de · mv. geschiedvervalsingen	historical fabrication
zonnejaar	n	het · mv. zonnejaren	solar year
reputatieschade	n	de	reputational damage
stoomturbine	n	de · mv. stoomturbines	a steam turbine
stoomfiets	n	de · mv. stoomfietsen	a motorcycle, originally a steam-powered one but since approx. 1900 often…
stoompaard	n	het · mv. stoompaarden	a steam locomotive
laadtijd	n	de · mv. laadtijden	load time; charging time
glasaardbei	n	de · mv. glasaardbeien	a strawberry that is or has been grown in a greenhouse
sportjournalistiek	n	de	sports journalism
sportjournalistiek	a		pertaining to sports journalism
opruimplicht	n	de	a requirement to dispose of excrement produced by an animal one own, usually…
gazen	a		made of gauze or mesh
knieviool	n	de · mv. knieviolen	viola da gamba
galsteen	n	de · mv. galstenen	gallstone
Cornet	m		a surname
klassenjustitie	n	de	class justice
losloopgebied	n	het · mv. losloopgebieden	an area where dogs are allowed to roam unleashed
stoomketel	n	de · mv. stoomketels	a steam boiler
stoomkracht	n	de	steam power
stoombootdienst	n	de · mv. stoombootdiensten	a steamboat service, a steamboat line
stoombootmaatschappij	n	de · mv. stoombootmaatschappijen	a steamboat company
ontoerekeningsvatbaarheid	n	de	the state of being unaccountable, insane, non compos mentis
bliklopen	n	het	a children's game in which a player walks on metal cans or buckets of any…
bliklopen	v		to walk on such cans or buckets as part of the above-described game
defensie	n	de · mv. defensies	defence, defense
krakeend	n	de · mv. krakeenden	gadwall (Mareca strepera)
moefti	n	de · mv. moefti's	a mufti
vossengeschreeuw	n	het	screaming of foxes
doorzonwoning	n	de · mv. doorzonwoningen	a residence with a large living room that stretches from front to back, with…
actinisch	a		actinic
roodrijder	n	de · mv. roodrijders	a person who drives or rides through a red light (red traffic light)
inlineskate	n	de · mv. inlineskates	an in-line skate, a rollerblade
inlineskaten	v	inlineskatete – geïnlineskatet	to skate on in-line skates
skeeleraar	n	de · mv. skeeleraars	an in-line skater
rijpaard	n	het · mv. rijpaarden	a riding horse, a horse that is suited as a mount (as opposed to a work…
funshoppen	v	funshopte – gefunshopt	to shop for fun
tentakel	n	de · mv. tentakels	tentacle
bladmineerder	n	de · mv. bladmineerders	leaf miner
dorsaal	a		dorsal
Lisse	m		a village and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
markgravin	n	de · mv. markgravinnen	a marchioness, a marquise
taalliefhebber	n	de · mv. taalliefhebbers	a linguaphile
steunpakket	n	het · mv. steunpakketten	an aid package, a support package; often referring to funds or measures…
nachtrust	n	de	night's rest, nightly rest; sleep
liefdesverdriet	n	het	heartbreak due to loss or disappointment in one's love life
fooienpot	n	de · mv. fooienpotten	a tip jar
kookpot	n	de · mv. kookpotten	a cooking pot
oppotten	v	potte op – opgepot	to store or put in pots, to pot; to stockpile, to store, to hoard
aardedonker	a		dark as night, pitch-black
liefdeloos	a		loveless
drinkgelag	n	het · mv. drinkgelagen	a drinking party or drinking spree
Hillegom	m		a village and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
kauwgombal	n	de · mv. kauwgomballen	a gumball (ball of chewing gum with a sugar coating)
ligweide	n	de · mv. ligweiden	a large field of grass, usually near a swimming pool or a beach, where…
golfslag	n	de · mv. golfslagen	the beating of a wave of water
waterfles	n	de · mv. waterflessen	a water bottle
ligbed	n	het · mv. ligbedden	a sunlounger
luxeprobleem	n	het · mv. luxeproblemen	a problem caused or characterised by luxury; a first-world problem
motorengel	n	de · mv. motorengelen	a girl or woman sitting as a passenger at the back on the twin seat of a…
partijpolitiek	n	de	party politics
wereldpolitiek	n	de	geopolitics
aardaker	n	de · mv. aardakers	earthnut pea (Lathyrus tuberosus)
aardbeiboom	n	de · mv. aardbeibomen	strawberry tree (Arbutus unedo)
aardbeispinazie	n		goosefoot (plant of genus Blitum)
zwepenboom	n	de · mv. zwepenbomen	hackberry (tree of species Celtis occidentalis)
netelboom	n	de · mv. netelbomen	hackberry (tree of genus Celtis)
zeepkruid	n	het	common soapwort (Saponaria officinalis); soapwort (any plant of genus Saponaria)
okkernoot	n	de · mv. okkernoten	synonym of walnoot (“walnut”)
vlaag	n	de · mv. vlagen	gust; mood swing
kanoën	v	kanode – gekanood	to sail in a canoe
kanoër	n	de · mv. kanoërs	a person who sails in a canoe
observeren	v	observeerde – geobserveerd	to observe, to watch
helderziende	n	de · mv. helderzienden	a psychic, a clairvoyant person
dagkoekoeksbloem	n	de · mv. dagkoekoeksbloemen	red campion (Silene dioica)
fakkelgras	n	het · mv. fakkelgrassen	Junegrass (grass of genus Koeleria)
naaldaar	n	de · mv. naaldaren	Setaria, a genus of grasses
hoornbloem	n	de · mv. hoornbloemen	chickweed (plant of genus Cerastium)
kafferkoren	n	het	sorghum (Sorghum bicolor)
IT'er	n	de · mv. IT'ers	information technology specialist
koraalboom	n	de · mv. koraalbomen	coral tree, especially Erythrina lysistemon
Immerzeel	m		a surname
Ammerlaan	m		a surname
Lammers	m		a surname
Kloppenburg	m		a surname
autorijschool	n	de · mv. autorijscholen	a driving school for car-driving instruction
observatiepost	n	de · mv. observatieposten	an observation post, an observation station, a lookout
nikkelallergie	n	de	nickel allergy
vakidiotisme	n	het	an excessive, narrow focus on one's specialism with little societal…
kinkel	n	de · mv. kinkels	a rube, a yokel, an unsophisticated person
goudfazant	n	de · mv. goudfazanten	golden pheasant, Chinese pheasant (Chrysolophus pictus)
goudplevier	n	de · mv. goudplevieren	golden plover, European golden plover (Pluvialis apricaria)
gouddelver	n	de · mv. gouddelvers	a goldminer
goudleer	n	het	gilded leather
gouddraad	n	de · mv. gouddraden	gold thread (object); gold thread (material)
spelbord	n	het · mv. spelborden	a game board, a playing board
diastatisch	a		diastatic, pertaining to the conversion of starch to simpler sugars due to…
sporthal	n	de · mv. sporthallen	a sports hall, a gym hall
wildvreemde	n	de · mv. wildvreemden	a complete stranger
kettingreactie	n	de · mv. kettingreacties	a chain reaction, a nuclear or chemical reaction; a chain reaction, a series of causally interconnected events
stilzwijgen	n	het	complete silence, absence of speaking or other communication
stilzwijgen	v	zweeg stil – stilgezwegen	to be completely silent, to be taciturn
gevarengeld	n	het	danger money, hazard pay
papiergeld	n	het · mv. papiergelden	paper money
salafist	n	de · mv. salafisten	a Salafist, a Salafi (Sunni Muslim who seeks to align modern Islam with…
islamiet	n	de · mv. islamieten	Muslim
weergaloos	a		unrivalled, unequalled, unique
kanariepiet	n	de · mv. kanariepieten	a canary, bird of the Serinus or specifically Serinus canaria
zeeleguaan	n	de · mv. zeeleguanen	marine iguana, sea iguana, Amblyrhynchus cristatus
kettinghond	n	de · mv. kettinghonden	a chained dog
strijkorkest	n	het · mv. strijkorkesten	a string orchestra
strijker	n	de · mv. strijkers	a musician who plays a string instrument, usually with a bow; someone who irons clothes; a match cracker, a type of firecracker that is ignited by rubbing a…
kwijtschelding	n	de · mv. kwijtscheldingen	a waiver, a pardon, a write off (of debt, duty or punishment)
accommodatie	n	de · mv. accommodaties	accommodation (lodging, facility); accommodation (adaptation to circumstances)
docetisme	n	het	docetism
doceet	n	de · mv. doceten	a Docete, an advocate of docetism, one of the Docetae
docetisch	a		docetic, pertaining to docetism
interactie	n	de · mv. interacties	interaction
bloedspoor	n	het · mv. bloedsporen	a bloody trail, as left by a wounded creature
Apocalyps	m		Apocalypse, the Book of Revelations
apocalyps	n	de · mv. apocalypsen	apocalypse (religious genre); apocalypse, future cataclysm
apocalyptisch	a		apocalyptic (pertaining to the Book of Revelations or the religious genre in…; apocalyptic (pertaining to a future cataclysm)
catechumeen	n	de · mv. catechumenen	catechumen
confessie	n	de · mv. confessies	a religious affiliation or denomination; a confession of sins; a confession, a statement of faith
stigmatisatie	n	de	stigmatisation, the appearance of stigmata
draagwijdte	n	de · mv. draagwijdtes	range, scope (of a ranged weapon); scope, importance, meaning
onafhankelijkheidsstrijd	n	de · mv. onafhankelijkheidsstrijden	struggle for independence
onafhankelijkheidsstrijder	n	de · mv. onafhankelijkheidsstrijders	independence fighter
ruimtewezen	n	het · mv. ruimtewezens	an extraterrestrial, an alien
kolonisator	n	de · mv. kolonisatoren	coloniser
postapocalyptisch	a		postapocalyptic (after a future cataclysm)
vrouwmens	n	de/het · mv. vrouwmensen	woman, bint
tantrisch	a		tantric
Pronk	m		a surname
Dieleman	m		a surname
Hamelink	m		a surname
Broek	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet and former municipality of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Brummen, Gelderland, Netherlands
canoniseren	v	canoniseerde – gecanoniseerd	to canonise, to adopt into a canon of authoritative texts or lore; to canonise, to accept into the canon of saints
priestercelibaat	n	het	priestly celibacy
hoogstand	n	de · mv. hoogstanden	an erect handstand; a tour de force, a skillful or impressive feat, an extraordinary achievement
hoogleraarschap	n	het	professorship
concordaat	n	het · mv. concordaten	concordat
hellenisme	n	het	Hellenism
slachtofferrol	n	de · mv. slachtofferrollen	the role or position of a victim of (perceived) injustice
flappen	v	flapte – geflapt	to flap, make a flapping movement or sound; to throw or smack
focussen	v	focuste – gefocust	to focus (oneself)
Helleen	n	de · mv. Hellenen	a Hellene, an ethnic Greek
Onno	m		a male given name
hellenist	n	de · mv. hellenisten	Hellenist (specialist in the study of the Ancient Greek language and culture)
postorderbedrijf	n	het · mv. postorderbedrijven	mail order company
kroep	n	de	croup (viral or diphtherial infection of the larynx); croup, croupe (hindpart of the rump of a horse)
scepticus	n	de · mv. sceptici	skeptic
redoutabel	a		redoubtable, awe-inspiring
karwij	n	de	caraway (Carum carvi)
exhaleren	v	exhaleerde – geëxhaleerd	to exhale
inhaleren	v	inhaleerde – geïnhaleerd	to inhale; to inhale (air, medicine or drugs), to consume by inhaling
stabij	n	de · mv. stabijs	a long-haired breed of dog originating from Friesland, historically used as…
chtonisch	a		chthonic, earthly
boraat	n	het · mv. boraten	borate (oxyanion BO₃³⁻)
jool	n	de	glee, revelry
sajet	n	het	combed and twined woollen yarn of short fibres
sonnettenkrans	n	de · mv. sonnettenkransen	a crown of sonnets
meestersonnet	n	het · mv. meestersonnetten	a master sonnet
telefoonbotje	n	het · mv. telefoonbotjes	funny bone
stroombotje	n	het · mv. stroombotjes	funny bone
taalgebied	n	het · mv. taalgebieden	language area, Sprachraum
desinfectie	n	de	disinfection
Doornbos	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands; a surname
Rindt	m		a surname
verderzetten	v	zette verder – verdergezet	to continue, to resume
ontzinnen	v	ontzon – ontzonnen	to lose one's senses, to become mad
blauwtong	n	de	bluetongue
beliegen	v	beloog – belogen	to lie to, to tell a lie to someone
voorliegen	v	loog voor – voorgelogen	to lie to, to tell a lie to someone
afliegen	v	loog af – afgelogen	to disavow, to deny association; to lessen by means of lying; to lie excessively
doorkerven	v	doorkorf – doorkorven	to carve through, to pierce by means of carving; to continue carving, to resume carving
doorweven	v	doorweefde – doorweven	to weave through; to interlace, to embroider, to inweave; to be connected, to be intertwined
doorvaren	v	doorvoer – doorvaren	to sail through completely; to experience a sensation through the entire body; to sail through
klander	n	de · mv. klanders	weevil; calander
graanklander	n	de · mv. graanklanders	granary weevil (Sitophilus granarius)
snuitkever	n	de · mv. snuitkevers	weevil
hofdolheid	n	de	fawning servility towards a monarch
kerfstok	n	de · mv. kerfstokken	a tally stick
wapensysteem	n	het · mv. wapensystemen	weapons system
modeltrein	n	de · mv. modeltreinen	a model train; a model railway
stafchef	n	de · mv. stafchefs	a chief of staff
wereldrevolutie	n	de	world revolution, global revolution
gifgasaanval	n	de · mv. gifgasaanvallen	a poison gas attack
alleenheerser	n	de · mv. alleenheersers	an autocrat
ultimatief	a		characteristic of or pertaining to an ultimatum
ultimatief	d		ultimately, in the end
broedmachine	n	de · mv. broedmachines	an incubator, especially for eggs
autoverkeer	n	het	car traffic
spervuur	n	het · mv. spervuren	crossfire to suppress an enemy; a barrage of suppressive crossfire; a barrage of words
burgermaatschappij	n	de · mv. burgermaatschappijen	civilian society
vuurkracht	n	de	firepower; the power of fire
testprogramma	n	het · mv. testprogramma's	a testing programme
vredespolitiek	n	de	politics of peace or peacemaking
kushand	n	de · mv. kushanden	a flying kiss, a gesture of blowing a kiss
wereldorde	n	de · mv. wereldordes	a world order
terugreis	n	de · mv. terugreizen	a return journey, journey back, return voyage
glippen	v	glipte – geglipt	to slip, to slide; to sneak
alertheid	n	de	alertness
gevechtservaring	n	de · mv. gevechtservaringen	combat experience, experience of battle
treinwagon	n	de · mv. treinwagons	railway wagon, train car, railway carriage
pislink	a		livid, furious
duurzaamheid	n	de	durability; sustainability
tegenoffensief	n	het · mv. tegenoffensieven	a counter-offensive
staatsbezoek	n	het · mv. staatsbezoeken	a state visit
geschutstoren	n	de · mv. geschutstorens	a gun turret (e.g. on a fortification, ship, combat vehicle, etc.)
veldkeuken	n	de · mv. veldkeukens	a field kitchen
legerleiding	n	de · mv. legerleidingen	army leadership, army command
patstelling	n	de · mv. patstellingen	stalemate, impasse, deadlock
rijkskanselier	n	de · mv. rijkskanseliers	imperial or (in earlier times) royal chancelor, the head of government…
voorkennis	n	de	foreknowledge, knowledge beforehand; inside information, insider information
elitekorps	n	het · mv. elitekorpsen	elite corps
artilleriesteun	n	de	artillery support
antwoordnota	n	de · mv. antwoordnota's	reply notice (formal letter containing an official response)
westfront	n	het · mv. westfronten	west front, western front
verdedigingslinie	n	de · mv. verdedigingslinies	line of defence, defensive line
plichtsverzuim	n	het	dereliction of duty, neglect of duty
nuancering	n	de · mv. nuanceringen	a nuance or the act of nuancing
medeverdachte	n	de · mv. medeverdachten	a fellow suspect (normally relating to the same case or to related cases)
vredeswerk	n	het	peace work, peacemaking activity
agiteren	v	agiteerde – geagiteerd	to agitate, to stir up
tijdschema	n	de · mv. tijdschema's	timetable, schedule (in relation to time)
kraamkamer	n	de · mv. kraamkamers	breeding ground, cradle
infanterieaanval	n	de · mv. infanterieaanvallen	an infantry attack
annexering	n	de · mv. annexeringen	annexation
preventief	a		preventive, preventing, preemptive
preventie	n	de · mv. preventies	prevention, preemption
loopgravenoorlog	n	de · mv. loopgravenoorlogen	trench war
numeriek	a		numerical
zelfopoffering	n	de · mv. zelfopofferingen	self-sacrifice
diepgravend	a		probing, in-depth
eensgezindheid	n	de	unanimity, unity, concert, harmony (state of sharing the same view; agreement)
luchtverkenner	n	de · mv. luchtverkenners	aerial scout (unit performing reconnaissance by air); air scout
tangbeweging	n	de · mv. tangbewegingen	a pincer movement, a pincer attack
defaitistisch	a		defeatist
executiepeloton	n	het · mv. executiepelotons	a firing squad
aanvalskracht	n	de · mv. aanvalskrachten	attack power, attack strength
granaatvuur	n	het	shellfire (artillery bombardment)
stuiversroman	n	de · mv. stuiversromans	a pulp novel, a cheap novel of inferior fiction, originally sold for five cents
briefroman	n	de · mv. briefromans	an epistolary novel
ridderroman	n	de · mv. ridderromans	a chivalric romance
Arthurroman	n	de · mv. Arthurromans	Arthurian romance
Karelroman	n	de · mv. Karelromans	Carolingian romance
leugenroman	n	de · mv. leugenromans	picaresque novel
graalroman	n	de · mv. graalromans	grail romance, romance of the grail
radioverbinding	n	de · mv. radioverbindingen	radio link, radio connection
spoorwegnet	n	het · mv. spoorwegnetten	railway network
kudde-instinct	n	het · mv. kudde-instincten	herd instinct
vestingwerk	n	het · mv. vestingwerken	a defence work, a fortification
zeesluis	n	de · mv. zeesluizen	a sea lock, a sea sluice
ontzuigen	v	ontzoog – ontzogen	to suck away, to remove by means of sucking; to suck out
ontwinnen	v	ontwon – ontwonnen	to acquire from; to extract from
ontvliegen	v	ontvloog – ontvlogen	to fly away, to escape by flying
ciborie	n	het · mv. cibories	ciborium (covered receptacle for holding the consecrated wafers of the…
ontwaaien	v	ontwaaide – ontwaaid	to blow away, to be taken away by the wind; to prepare the body of a deceased person for a funeral
ontrijzen	v	ontrees – ontrezen	to arise, to rise up, begin to rise; to appear, to occur, to emerge
stuurpen	n	de · mv. stuurpennen	the stem of a bicycle, connecting the handlebars to the fork
balhoofd	n	het · mv. balhoofden	headset; a bicycle part that connects the fork to the frame
verstedelijking	n	de	urbanisation
verstedelijken	v	verstedelijkte – verstedelijkt	to urbanise
inschepen	v	scheepte in – ingescheept	to ship, to embark, to embarge
oostfront	n	het · mv. oostfronten	east front, eastern front
kansrijk	a		having high odds of success, having good prospects, promising
bliksemsnel	a		lightning-fast, very quick or rapid
slagkracht	n	de · mv. slagkrachten	clout, strength, power
hoofdmacht	n	de · mv. hoofdmachten	main force
expeditieleger	n	het · mv. expeditielegers	expeditionary force, expeditionary army
opperbevel	n	het	supreme command
gevoelsmatig	a		based on feeling, sensitivity or intuition; emotional, sensitive, intuitive,…
reuzenzwaai	n	de · mv. reuzenzwaaien	a giant turn, a giant swing, a giant bend
legereenheid	n	de · mv. legereenheden	army unit, military unit
geweerriem	n	de · mv. geweerriemen	a rifle sling
deelregering	n	de · mv. deelregeringen	a regional government, a government operating at a subnational level
vakbondskader	n	het · mv. vakbondskaders	the core or framework of officials and dedicated members of a trade union
uitputtingsslag	n	de · mv. uitputtingsslagen	a battle of attrition, an exhausting battle; any exhausting struggle or contest
beroepssoldaat	n	de · mv. beroepssoldaten	a professional soldier
beroeps	n	de · mv. beroeps	a professional, one who does something for a living
beroeps	a		professional
inboezemen	v	boezemde in – ingeboezemd	to fill with, to inspire, to strike (something) into (one's heart)
soldatenleven	n	het · mv. soldatenlevens	the life of a soldier, a soldier's life
ongehinderd	a		unimpeded, unhindered, unobstructed
goederenwagon	n	de · mv. goederenwagons	freight wagon, goods wagon, freight car
landsdeel	n	het · mv. landsdelen	a region, a part of a country, a territory (usually with administrative,…
ongecodeerd	a		unencoded, unencrypted
inschatting	n	de · mv. inschattingen	assessment, estimate, estimation
lorre	n	de · mv. lorres	synonym of papegaai (“parrot”)
lorre	i		An exclamation used to summon or lure a parrot or to draw the attention of a…
vastberadenheid	n	de	determination, resoluteness
verdedigingsmacht	n	de · mv. verdedigingsmachten	a defence force (military force primarily intended for defensive purposes)
oostgrens	n	de · mv. oostgrenzen	eastern border
improvisatievermogen	n	het	capability to improvise
drukmiddel	n	het · mv. drukmiddelen	a means of applying pressure
diepvriestas	n	de · mv. diepvriestassen	plastic shopping bag insulated with aluminium foil to transport cold or…
sneaken	v		to move inconspicuously
praatgroep	n	de · mv. praatgroepen	discussion group, support group
omsingelingsslag	n	de · mv. omsingelingsslagen	a battle of encirclement, an encirclement battle
omsingeling	n	de · mv. omsingelingen	encirclement, the act of surrounding
gebiedsdeel	n	het · mv. gebiedsdelen	territory (dependent part of a country or an outlying dependency, often an…
machtsfactor	n	de · mv. machtsfactoren	a power factor (actor with considerable power)
troepenverplaatsing	n	de · mv. troepenverplaatsingen	troop movement, in particular by means of transport as opposed to marching
marsroute	n	de · mv. marsroutes	a line of march; a course of action, a way forward
ongedekt	a		uncovered, not protected against attacks or the elements; uncovered, not wearing headwear; naked, not clothed
integriteit	n	de	integrity, probity, rectitude; integrity, completeness, wholeness
brallerig	a		boastful, bloviating
brallen	v	bralde – gebrald	to boast, to brag
veldgrijs	a		field-grey (greenish grey colour, esp. as military camouflage)
veldgroen	a		field-green (subdued green colour, esp. as military camouflage)
bestraffing	n	de · mv. bestraffingen	punishment, usually as a negative sanction
legerkorps	n	het · mv. legerkorpsen	an army corps
doorstoot	n	de · mv. doorstoten	an act of pushing on, of pressing on; a continued advance
troepenmacht	n	de · mv. troepenmachten	a military force
frontsoldaat	n	de · mv. frontsoldaten	a front-line soldier
tsarenrijk	n	het · mv. tsarenrijken	czardom, czarist empire
wokpan	n	de · mv. wokpannen	a wok (large cooking pan, typical of East-Asian cuisine)
wokken	v		to wok
stadswijk	n	de · mv. stadswijken	a city quarter
uitkijkpost	n	de · mv. uitkijkposten	an observation post, a lookout
drilpudding	n	de · mv. drilpuddingen	a jelly pudding
slaapdronken	a		drowsy, dazy, half asleep
stomdronken	a		pissed drunk, sodden, blottoed
filmmuziek	n	de · mv. filmmuzieken	film music, the score of a movie
penseelstreek	n	de · mv. penseelstreken	a brushstroke
kratermeer	n	het · mv. kratermeren	crater lake
pekelvlees	n	het	salted meat
jachtopziener	n	de · mv. jachtopzieners	a gamekeeper
pacificatie	n	de · mv. pacificaties	pacification
nekwervel	n	de · mv. nekwervels	cervical vertebra
kromming	n	de · mv. krommingen	curvature; curve
botontkalking	n	de · mv. botontkalkingen	osteoporosis
krantenkop	n	de · mv. krantenkoppen	a newspaper headline
omleggen	v	legde om – omgelegd	to snuff, to off
onbuigzaam	a		inflexible, rigid; inflexible, unbending, unyielding, uncompromising, intransigent
versterven	v	verstierf – verstorven	to die slowly (by refusing to eat or to drink); to bequeath after death
verkavelen	v	verkavelde – verkaveld	to parcel out (land)
volksaard	n	de · mv. volksaarden	national character (set of dispositional or cultural traits in a person…
stafofficier	n	de · mv. stafofficieren	staff officer
overmacht	n	de · mv. overmachten	superior authority or power; overpowering military force, military supremacy; force majeure
telegraafverbinding	n	de · mv. telegraafverbindingen	telegraph connection, telegraph line
doordringbaar	a		penetrable, accessible, assailable
guerrillastrijder	n	de · mv. guerrillastrijders	a guerrilla fighter, a guerrilla
titanenstrijd	n	de · mv. titanenstrijden	a titanic fight, a struggle between titans
parfumeren	v	parfumeerde – geparfumeerd	to perfume, to apply perfume to
krijgsgevangen	a		captive, taken as a prisoner of war
oorlogsgeweld	n	het	war violence
mensenleven	n	het · mv. mensenlevens	a human life
nazinderen	v	zinderde na – nagezinderd	to linger, to last, to resonate
besmullen	v	besmulde – besmuld	to sully, to besmirch, to stain
begrommen	v	begromde – begromd	to growl at, to roar at, to grumble at; to complain at, to whine at, to grumble at
receptie	n	de · mv. recepties	reception (front desk); reception (social event); reception (reaction, response)
milieuramp	n	de · mv. milieurampen	an environmental disaster
dynamiek	n	de · mv. dynamieken	dynamic (force)
gebaksvork	n	de · mv. gebaksvorken	a pastry fork, a cake fork
buitenshuis	d		outside the home, outside
geschiedenisboek	n	het · mv. geschiedenisboeken	a history book, especially a textbook for history as a school subject
veiligheidsspeld	n	de · mv. veiligheidsspelden	a safety pin
navragen	v	vroeg na – nagevraagd	to enquire about, to ask about
gluipen	v	gluipte – gegluipt	to stare, to squint, to look in a deceitful manner; to lurk, to sneak, to move with stealth
pimpen	v	pimpte – gepimpt	to pimp (to customise excessively, usually in a camp or gaudy way)
Sumatraans	a		Sumatran
Sumatraan	n	de · mv. Sumatranen	a Sumatran, a person from Sumatra
Maleisiër	n	de · mv. Maleisiërs	Malaysian person
Balinees	a		Balinese; of, from or related to Bali or the Balinese people
Balinees	n	de · mv. Balinezen	a Balinese person
Balinees	m		the Balinese language
doodrijden	v	reed dood – doodgereden	to run over someone resulting in his or her death
wetenschapsfilosoof	n	de · mv. wetenschapsfilosofen	a philosopher of science
Molukken	m		Moluccas
Molukker	n	de · mv. Molukkers	a Moluccan person
Moluks	a		Moluccan; of, from or pertaining to the Moluccas or Moluccan people
sentimenteel	a		sentimental
wetenschapsfilosofisch	a		related to philosophy of science
Ambon	m		Ambon (island in the Moluccas, Indonesia); Ambon (city, capital of Maluku)
Ambonees	a		Ambonese; of, from or pertaining to Ambon City, Ambon Island of the Ambonese…
Ambonees	m		Ambonese Malay, Ambonese (Malay-based creole language spoken on and around…
Ambonees	n	de · mv. Ambonezen	an Ambonese person
leesbril	n	de · mv. leesbrillen	a pair of reading glasses
tekenpapier	n	het · mv. tekenpapieren	drawing paper
Bijbelvast	a		being well-versed in the Bible, reading the Bible frequently
wasbenzine	n	de	white gas (petrol-based solvent, detergent)
doorkijk	n	de · mv. doorkijken	an opening through which one can see; something providing insight or perspective
doorkijken	v	keek door – doorgekeken	to continue watching; to skim, to briefly or hastily look at; to watch through, to see through
doorkijkjurk	n	de · mv. doorkijkjurken	a see-through dress
doorkijkkleding	n	de	see-through clothing
doorkijkkleren	n		see-through clothes
coronafeest	n	het · mv. coronafeesten	festive gathering during the COVID-19 pandemic to rebel against…
purgeermiddel	n	het · mv. purgeermiddelen	a purgative
persbericht	n	het · mv. persberichten	a press release, a press report, a written statement to the press
persfoto	n	de · mv. persfoto's	a press photograph
persfotograaf	n	de · mv. persfotografen	a press photographer
Zeebrugge	m		Zeebrugge (a coastal village and port on the North Sea in West Flanders,…
Wie	m		Wie (a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands); a habitational surname, Wie, variant of Van Wie
filmster	n	de · mv. filmsterren	a movie star
koeienletter	n	de · mv. koeienletters	a huge letter (character of the alphabet)
roddelpers	n	de	gossip press (gossip magazines, tabloids, etc.)
persofficier	n	de · mv. persofficieren	a public prosecutor functioning as a spokesperson
letterkundig	a		literary, pertaining to literature; pertaining to literary studies
kortzichtig	a		shortsighted, blinkered
vreemdelinge	n	de · mv. vreemdelinges	female stranger (unfamiliar woman hailing from elsewhere); female foreigner
houweel	n	het · mv. houwelen	pickaxe (mining tool); mattock (agricultural tool)
ontmelken	v	ontmolk – ontmolken	to milk, to extract milk; to remove milk from
ontrijgen	v	ontreeg – ontregen	to unimpale, to unspit
ontmijden	v	ontmeed – ontmeden	to avoid
ontvechten	v	ontvocht – ontvochten	to escape by fighting; to take away by fighting, to obtain by fighting
ontvriezen	v	ontvroor – ontvroren	to unfreeze, to defrost, to thaw
kapater	n	de · mv. kapaters	a eunuch
aanjagen	v	joeg aan – aangejaagd	to drive, to cause to move; to incite, to impel; to kindle
hannes	n	de · mv. hannessen	dummy, idiot, twerp
bloedkaros	n	de · mv. bloedkarossen	A folkloric carriage said to abduct children who are outside late and cause…
gewetensnood	n	de	crisis of conscience
kinderschrik	n	de · mv. kinderschrikken	any kind of bogeyman used to intimidate children (typological category used…
schuurpapier	n	het · mv. schuurpapieren	sandpaper, abrasive paper
tierelantijn	n	de · mv. tierelantijnen	a flourish, something ornamental and not functional
handhaver	n	de · mv. handhavers	an enforcer, one who upholds something; one who maintains public order, a law enforcement official
ontzwemmen	v	ontzwom – ontzwommen	to escape by swimming, to swim away from
alleenrecht	n	het · mv. alleenrechten	a monopoly; an exclusive right to something; (figurative) a monopoly
ontzwerven	v	ontzwierf – ontzworven	to wander away from
ontglimmen	v	ontglom – ontglommen	to start to shine
onleesbaarheid	n	de	unreadability, illegibility
ontschuilen	v	ontschool – ontscholen	to escape by hiding
ondier	n	het · mv. ondieren	a vermin, a nasty or unwanted beast; a monster
kinderleven	n	het · mv. kinderlevens	the life of a child
watergeest	n	de · mv. watergeesten	a water sprite, a nix
veelverdiener	n	de · mv. veelverdieners	a large earner, one with a high income
taalbeleid	n	het	language policy
monopolie	n	het · mv. monopoliën	a monopoly
monopoliën	v	monopoliede – gemonopolied	to play Monopoly
praalgraf	n	het · mv. praalgraven	a decorative grave or funerary monument (e.g. a large statue), a mausoleum
dorsvloer	n	de · mv. dorsvloeren	a threshing floor
doodstil	a		silent as the grave
algemeenheid	n	de · mv. algemeenheden	generality, commonness
gossie	i		expresses compassion, endearment or surprise; gosh, golly
elementair	a		elementary (relating to the basic, essential or fundamental part of something); elementary (relating to a subatomic particle)
dictatoriaal	a		dictatorial
wereldheerschappij	n	de · mv. wereldheerschappijen	world domination
draperen	v	drapeerde – gedrapeerd	to drape (to decorate with drapes or cloth; to wrap cloths around)
alleenheerschappij	n	de · mv. alleenheerschappijen	autocracy, dictatorial rule by a single person; hegemony, exclusive supremacy in the political sphere or (figurative) in a…
losbarsten	v	barstte los – losgebarsten	to break loose, to erupt
ontkenningsfase	n	de · mv. ontkenningsfasen	stage of denial
videobellen	v	videobelde – gevideobeld	to video call
softijs	n	het	soft serve
softijsje	n	het · mv. softijsjes	a serving of soft ice cream
rampokker	n	de · mv. rampokkers	an armed robber, a gangster
vlambaar	a		flammable
ontvlambaar	a		inflammable
verjaardagsfeest	n	het · mv. verjaardagsfeesten	birthday party
vogelkooi	n	de · mv. vogelkooien	a birdcage
muskuseend	n	de · mv. muskuseenden	Muscovy duck (Cairina moschata)
kroontjeskruid	n	het	sun spurge (Euphorbia helioscopia)
wolfsmelkfamilie	n	de	spurge family (Euphorbiaceae)
ontmenselijken	v	ontmenselijkte – ontmenselijkt	to dehumanize
ontzorgen	v	ontzorgde – ontzorgd	to unburden, to take away concern
beconcurreren	v	beconcurreerde – beconcurreerd	to compete against
coalitiepartij	n	de · mv. coalitiepartijen	a political party that participates in a coalition, usually a governing…
jezuïetenstreek	n	de · mv. jezuïetenstreken	a nasty and furtive deed, a vile trick
Zambiaas	a		Zambian
Zambiaan	n	de · mv. Zambianen	Zambian
Zambiaans	a		Zambian
landnummer	n	het · mv. landnummers	a country calling code
landsnaam	n	de · mv. landsnamen	country name
overklinken	v	overklonk – overklonken	to sound louder than, to drown out; to sound again, to resound; to sound across
overgalmen	v	overgalmde – overgalmd	to echo louder than, to drown out; to echo across
overhuiven	v	overhuifde – overhuifd	to create a canopy over
lederhose	n	de · mv. lederhosen	lederhosen (traditional Bavarian knee-breeches)
verkerven	v	verkorf – verkorven	to carve in a wrong way; to destroy by carving; to spoil, to ruin
verkijken	v	verkeek – verkeken	to waste or miss while watching; to regard wrongly, misjudge
verklinken	v	verklonk – verklonken	to fade out, to slowly stop sounding
verknijpen	v	verkneep – verknepen	to destroy by pinching; to strenuously suppress feelings
versmijten	v	versmeet – versmeten	to destroy by throwing away; to displace by throwing away; to throw away, to waste
intoneren	v	intoneerde – geïntoneerd	to speak or say with a certain intonation, to intonate
vervriezen	v	vervroor – vervroren	to thoroughly freeze, to completely freeze; to freeze to death
vervlieten	v	vervloot – vervloten	to flow away; to evaporate; to disappear
vervlechten	v	vervlocht – vervlochten	to braid together, to interweave; to connect together
verstuiven	v	verstoof – verstoven	to nebulize, to dissolve into airborne particles; to be blown away or displaced by the wind
verduiken	v	verdook – verdoken	to dive away; to hide, to keep secret
Syriër	n	de · mv. Syriërs	Syrian (person from Syria)
artillerievuur	n	het	artillery fire (shooting and shelling by artillery)
granaattrechter	n	de · mv. granaattrechters	a shell hole, a crater produced by an artillery shell (or rarely by a grenade)
ongewassen	a		unwashed (not having been washed)
stellingenoorlog	n	de · mv. stellingenoorlogen	war of position, positional war
gevechtskracht	n	de	fighting power, battle strength
cavaleriecharge	n	de · mv. cavaleriecharges	cavalry charge
tyfusepidemie	n	de · mv. tyfusepidemieën	a typhoid epidemic or typhus epidemic
Rijksaramees	m		Imperial Aramaic (chronolect of Aramaic used by the Neo-Assyrian,…
hoofdmotief	n	het · mv. hoofdmotieven	primary motive, main motive; main motif
beluiken	v	belook – beloken	to close, shut, lock; to cover, hide
bespuiten	v	bespoot – bespoten	to besprinkle, to spray on/at; to spout on/at
verspuiten	v	verspoot – verspoten	to spray away, to spout away; to use up or deplete by spraying
kwadraatschrift	n	het	square script (script used for Aramaic and Hebrew)
communicatiemiddel	n	het · mv. communicatiemiddelen	a means of communication
terreinwinst	n	de · mv. terreinwinsten	territorial gain
onverhoeds	d		unexpectedly, suddenly
onverhoeds	a		unexpected, sudden
oorlogscorrespondent	n	de · mv. oorlogscorrespondenten	a war correspondent
deuken	v	deukte – gedeukt	to dent
maatwoord	n	het · mv. maatwoorden	measure word, counter
wekenlang	d		for weeks
wekenlang	a		lasting weeks
granaatinslag	n	de · mv. granaatinslagen	the impact of a shell or grenade
artilleriebeschieting	n	de · mv. artilleriebeschietingen	artillery bombardment, artillery fire
besnord	a		having a moustache, moustachio'd
oorlogsmachine	n	de · mv. oorlogsmachines	war machine (warfare depicted as machinery)
oorlogsgebied	n	het · mv. oorlogsgebieden	a war zone
berggebied	n	het · mv. berggebieden	a mountainous area, a mountain region
schoonvegen	v	veegde schoon – schoongeveegd	to sweep clean, to wipe clean
noorderbuur	n	de · mv. noorderburen	a neighbouring country to the north; an inhabitant or national of a northern neighbouring country
zuiderbuur	n	de · mv. zuiderburen	a neighbouring country to the south; an inhabitant or national of a southern neighbouring country
regimentskapel	n	de · mv. regimentskapellen	regimental orchestra (orchestra of a military regiment)
trommelvuur	n	het · mv. trommelvuren	drumfire
roffelvuur	n	het · mv. roffelvuren	drumfire
longvocht	n	het	pulmonary fluid
wolkeloos	a		cloudless
zwenken	v	zwenkte – gezwenkt	to sway, swing; to wave, waver
familiefoto	n	de · mv. familiefoto's	family photograph (photograph of family members or relatives)
voorjaarsoffensief	n	het · mv. voorjaarsoffensieven	a spring offensive
reservetroep	n	de · mv. reservetroepen	reserve troop
chloorgas	n	het	chlorine gas (gaseous dichlorine)
startsein	n	het · mv. startseinen	a starting signal
zwengelen	v	zwengelde – gezwengeld	to crank, to turn a crank
opstandigheid	n	de	rebelliousness
hulptelwoord	n	het · mv. hulptelwoorden	measure word, counter
keisteen	n	de · mv. keistenen	cobblestone; flint
kiemplant	n	de · mv. kiemplanten	a very young seedling
doorzouten	v	doorzoutte – doorzouten	to salt thoroughly; to fill or saturate with salt; to continue to salt
overzouten	v	overzoutte – overzouten	to salt excessively, to oversalt; to put salt over; to salt again
onderzouten	v	onderzoutte – onderzouten	to salt insufficiently, to put less salt in/on
zweethut	n	de · mv. zweethutten	a sweat lodge (structure with hot air)
tevoorschijn	d		visible, at sight
josti	n	de · mv. josti's	a person with Down's syndrome, a person with mental retardation
steentijd	m		Stone Age
steentijdperk	n	het	Stone Age
steentijdvak	n	het	Stone Age
daarnet	d		just now, a moment ago
overstuur	a		emotionally affected
inkorten	v	kortte in – ingekort	to make shorter: to shorten, to abridge, to curtail, abbreviate, to cut…
wegleggen	v	legde weg – weggelegd	to put away, to lay aside
miep	n	de · mv. miepen	an unintelligent woman or girl, especially one who acts distinguished or…; a male homosexual
miepen	v		to whine, to complain
functiewoord	n	het · mv. functiewoorden	function word
telegramstijl	n	de · mv. telegramstijlen	telegram style, telegraphic style
klinknagel	n	de · mv. klinknagels	a rivet
vogelwikke	n	de · mv. vogelwikkes	tufted vetch (Vicia cracca)
Melle	m		a neighbourhood of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
parachutespringer	n	de · mv. parachutespringers	a parajumper
valschermspringer	n	de · mv. valschermspringers	a parajumper
weerman	n	de · mv. weermannen	a weatherman, a male weather forecaster
weervrouw	n	de · mv. weervrouwen	a weatherwoman, a female weather forecaster
driebanden	n	het	three-cushion billiards, three-cushion carom
vuurblusser	n	de · mv. vuurblussers	a firefighter; a fire extinguisher
zondares	n	de · mv. zondaressen	a female sinner
schipbreukeling	n	de · mv. schipbreukelingen	a castaway, a shipwrecked sailor or passenger
scheepsramp	n	de · mv. scheepsrampen	a disaster involving a ship, a maritime disaster
klantenkaart	n	de · mv. klantenkaarten	a loyalty card (card given to customers to offer them discounts or rewards…
bandhond	n	de · mv. bandhonden	a chained dog
lakmoespapier	n	het · mv. lakmoespapieren	litmus paper
afladen	v	laadde af – afgeladen	to unload
aanzegger	n	de · mv. aanzeggers	a messenger who informs others of births and deaths in a (semi-)professional…; a spokesperson or advocate of a certain school of thought; one who officially reports or declares something, usually to the government…
theodicee	n	de · mv. theodiceeën	theodicy
percipiëren	v	percipieerde – gepercipieerd	to perceive, to experience
naamdrager	n	de · mv. naamdragers	a name-bearer
strooiwagen	n	de · mv. strooiwagens	a gritting lorry, a sander, a gritter, a salt truck
geborgenheid	n	de	sense of security; security, the state of being secure
angstcultuur	n	de · mv. angstculturen	a culture of fear
lacherig	a		prone to or characterised by laughing, particularly in a ridiculing manner
wapenstok	n	de · mv. wapenstokken	truncheon, baton (blunt weapon)
Europarlement	m		European Parliament
onterving	n	de · mv. ontervingen	disinheritance, disowning
slijptol	n	de · mv. slijptollen	a cutter grinder, a power grinder
ijselijk	a		terrifying, horrific
parasporter	n	de · mv. parasporters	one who practices parasport, a sportsperson who has a mental or physical…
polsstok	n	de · mv. polsstokken	a vaulting pole
giek	n	de · mv. gieken	a boom (horizontal spar at the bottom and back of a sail)
aftands	a		run-down, dilapidated; old, (almost) losing one's teeth
verjonging	n	de · mv. verjongingen	rejuvenation, renewal
vogelkunde	n	de	ornithology
vogelperspectief	n	het · mv. vogelperspectieven	a bird's-eye view (top-down or isometric perspective)
vogelvlucht	n	de · mv. vogelvluchten	a bird's flight; a concise general overview, a bird's-eye view
voorvork	n	de · mv. voorvorken	the (front) fork of a bicycle, motorcycle, or moped that holds the front wheel
achtervork	n	de · mv. achtervorken	the part of a bicycle that supports the rear wheel. It consists of the…
doornappel	n	de · mv. doornappels	jimsonweed (Datura stramonium, plant or capsule)
opgeilen	v	geilde op – opgegeild	to make horny
Hoeven	m		a village and former municipality of Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
smots	n	de · mv. smotsen	spilled old rag; mop; slut
Turkeye	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
lentefeest	n	het · mv. lentefeesten	a spring festival (spring festival)
fameus	a		famous
gespin	n	het	purring
stampvol	a		packed, crowded (filled to capacity)
zweterig	a		sweaty (covered in sweat)
rolweerstand	n	de	rolling resistance
vastbesloten	a		determined, intent, resolved
voedselgewas	n	het · mv. voedselgewassen	a food crop
voedzaamheid	n	de	nutritiousness
bestuiving	n	de · mv. bestuivingen	pollination
onderkomen	n	het · mv. onderkomens	accommodation, lodging; abode, dwelling (slightly dated term for residence)
rafelig	a		frayed, worn
Fatum	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
driekleurig	a		tricolor
havermelk	n	de · mv. havermelken	oat milk
kokosmelk	n	de · mv. kokosmelken	coconut milk
cashewkaas	n	de · mv. cashewkazen	cashew cheese
zwenkwiel	n	het · mv. zwenkwielen	a swivel castor, a castor wheel
gehaaid	a		canny, crafty, cunning
onderzoeksvraag	n	de · mv. onderzoeksvragen	research question
deelvraag	n	de · mv. deelvragen	a subquestion
vaccinatiegraad	n	de · mv. vaccinatiegraden	vaccination rate
presymptomatisch	a		presymptomatic
pornoster	n	de · mv. pornosterren	a porn star
federalistisch	a		federalist
stormram	n	de · mv. stormrammen	a battering ram
verzitten	v	verzat – verzeten	to sit elsewhere
verliggen	v	verlag – verlegen	to shift the body's position while lying; to lie elsewhere, to reposition
switchen	v	switchte – geswitcht	to switch
hypen	v	hypete – gehypet	to hype
springvorm	n	de · mv. springvormen	a springform (baking tin with detachable rim)
smeltstop	n	de · mv. smeltstoppen	an electrical fuse
polyfonie	n	de	polyphony
beltoon	n	de · mv. beltonen	ringtone (sound made by a ringing telephone)
tonaal	a		tonal
fluweelblad	n	het · mv. fluweelbladen	velvetleaf (Abutilon theophrasti Medik.)
tuinwolfsmelk	n	de	petty spurge (Euphorbia peplus) L
wolfsmelk	n	de	spurge (Euphorbia L.)
hulpdienst	n	de · mv. hulpdiensten	an emergency service; especially the police, fire department, ambulance, and…
verloning	n	de · mv. verloningen	remuneration, payroll
rijven	v	reef – gereven	to rake; to rasp, to grate; to shorten sails
cellnummer	n	het · mv. cellnummers	cellular phone number, mobile phone number
hydrofoor	n	de · mv. hydrofoors	water pressure booster pump
Pjotr	m		a transliteration of the Russian male given name Пётр (Pjotr)
gangmaker	n	de · mv. gangmakers	life and soul of the party; pacemaker, pacesetter (a runner who sets the pace for other runners); a small round cake with a fruit filling, often glazed
nepvlees	n	het	vegetarian or vegan substitutes for meat
casarca	n	de · mv. casarca's	any of a number of shelduck species; the ruddy shelduck, Tadorna ferruginea
afkicken	v	kickte af – afgekickt	to recover from or quit an addiction, to kick the habit
afkickkliniek	n	de · mv. afkickklinieken	a rehabilitation clinic, an addiction clinic
jazzmuziek	n	de	jazz music
jazzvogel	n	de · mv. jazzvogels	a jazz fan, a jazzhead
kirchenhistorisch	a		relating to the history of churches
druistig	a		impetuous, rash, reckless; ferocious, furious
bio-industrie	n	de · mv. bio-industrieën	factory farming; intensive animal husbandry
motorjacht	n	het · mv. motorjachten	a motoryacht (motorised yacht)
metrostation	n	het · mv. metrostations	an underground-railway station, a subway station, a metro station
retourneren	v	retourneerde – geretourneerd	return, give back, bring back (return something)
pijnscheut	n	de · mv. pijnscheuten	shooting pain, stab of pain, stabbing pain
scheluw	a		warped (of wood)
buitenmuur	n	de · mv. buitenmuren	an exterior wall, an outer wall
wachtpost	n	de · mv. wachtposten	a guard post
kaft	n	de/het · mv. kaften	the cover of a book
powermetal	n	de	power metal
deathmetal	n	de	death metal
thrashmetal	n	de	thrash metal
revalidatiearts	n	de · mv. revalidatieartsen	a physiatrist, a rehabilitation specialist
indammen	v	damde in – ingedamd	to dam, to contain by damming; to contain, to curtail
medeburger	n	de · mv. medeburgers	fellow citizen
gewoontjes	d		ordinarily, normally
gewoontjes	a		ordinary, normal
handelsnederzetting	n	de · mv. handelsnederzettingen	a trading post, a trading settlement
hardhout	n	het	hardwood
burgerkleren	n		civilian clothes
baldakijn	n	de/het · mv. baldakijnen	a canopy, a baldaquin (e.g. above a throne, bed, altar or statue)
handelsverkeer	n	het	trade, commerce, trading
hardhouten	a		made of hardwood, consisting of hardwood
springkussen	n	het · mv. springkussens	an inflatable trampoline, a moon bounce
exprespost	n	de	express mail
wereldkampioene	n	de · mv. wereldkampioenes	female world champion
identiteitscrisis	n	de · mv. identiteitscrises	identity crisis
Asch	m		a village in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
rimpelroos	n	de · mv. rimpelrozen	the saltspray rose, Rosa rugosa
Freeling	m		a surname, Freeling
besmettingsgevaar	n	het	risk of contamination or infection
risicoanalyse	n	de · mv. risicoanalyses	risk analysis
sportschool	n	de · mv. sportscholen	gym (sporting facility)
zonnesteek	n	de · mv. zonnesteken	a heat stroke
sportleraar	n	de · mv. sportleraren	sports instructor, gym teacher
zonnegod	n	de · mv. zonnegoden	a Sun god, a solar deity
zonnestraal	n	de · mv. zonnestralen	sunbeam, sunray
zonzijde	n	de · mv. zonzijden	sunny side; positive side
houtpulp	n	de	wood pulp
klimaatscepticus	n	het · mv. klimaatsceptici	climate sceptic
mondmasker	n	het · mv. mondmaskers	a protective covering for the mouth and usually also the nose, such as a…
drijfhout	n	het	driftwood, e.g. flotsam
ontpluiken	v	ontplook – ontploken	to open, to unlock, to unfold; to emerge, to become visible
verkrimpen	v	verkromp – verkrompen	to shrink, to become shorter; to contract, to flinch
verspringen	v	versprong – versprongen	to skip, to suddenly move; to jump elsewhere, to move away by jumping; to spend or waste time while jumping
verslinken	v	verslonk – verslonken	to deplete, to disappear, to become lost
palmwijn	n	de · mv. palmwijnen	palm wine, an alcoholic beverage made from various palm juices
miswijn	n	de · mv. miswijnen	sacramental wine (any (white) wine, approved/made for sacramental use in…
vruchtenwijn	n	de · mv. vruchtenwijnen	fruit wine, any wine made from the fruits of plants other than grapes;…
wijnjaar	n	het · mv. wijnjaren	vintage, the year in which the grapes for a given wine were harvested
wijnoogst	n	de · mv. wijnoogsten	vintage, harvest (yield of grapes or wine)
wijnberg	n	de · mv. wijnbergen	vineyard, usually when located on a slope
novitsjok	n	de	novichok (any of a group of highly toxic organophosphate nerve agents)
megadode	n	de · mv. megadoden	megadeath (one million deaths, esp. in the context of nuclear war)
oogstjaar	n	het · mv. oogstjaren	the year or season when a harvest was brought in, e.g. a wine vintage
verwisseling	n	de · mv. verwisselingen	exchange, swapping, replacement
kanseliersbonus	n	de · mv. kanseliersbonussen	the alleged electoral advantage of the German federal majority party which…; the equivalent for the party of the prime minister of a Belgian federal…
wijnoogsten	v	wijnoogstte – gewijnoogst	to harvest (grapes for) wine
verzingen	v	verzong – verzongen	to spend or waste while singing; to sing in a wrong way
verwinnen	v	verwon – verwonnen	to defeat, to conquer; to convince, to persuade
verblinken	v	verblonk – verblonken	to fade out, to quench, to extinguish; to fade out, to lose its shine
schenkel	n	de · mv. schenkels	shank
verspinnen	v	verspon – versponnen	to spin in a different way; to spend or waste by spinning; to use up or waste by spinning
verzwerven	v	verzwierf – verzworven	to wander away; to get lost by wandering
korenbout	n	de · mv. korenbouten	a skimmer, a percher, a dragonfly of the family Libellulidae, esp. of the…
ombinden	v	ombond – ombonden	to bind around completely, to surround with ties; to bind around, to attach by binding
overplaatsing	n	de · mv. overplaatsingen	a transfer, the act of transferring
witsnuitlibel	n	de · mv. witsnuitlibellen	a whiteface, a dragonfly of the genus Leucorrhinia
genocidaal	a		genocidal
woonruimte	n	de · mv. woonruimtes	living space; the portion or space of a building that is suitable for inhabitance
woongedeelte	n	het · mv. woongedeelten	the portion of a building that is suitable to serve as a residence
woonlaag	n	de · mv. woonlagen	a storey of a building with a chiefly residential function, containing one…
stadhouderloos	a		without a stadtholder; chiefly in relation to the periods from 1650 to 1672…
Hool	m		a hamlet in Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten, North Brabant, Netherlands
behelpen	v	behielp – beholpen	to make do, to manage, to get by
meehelpen	v	hielp mee – meegeholpen	to help out, to assist
afhelpen	v	hielp af – afgeholpen	to release, to set free from; to get rid of; to assist in descending, to help off
onthelpen	v	onthielp – ontholpen	to counteract, to thwart, to disadvantage
voorzorgsmaatregel	n	de · mv. voorzorgsmaatregelen	precautionary measure
verlanglijst	n	de · mv. verlanglijsten	wishlist
schetsboek	n	het · mv. schetsboeken	sketchbook
doorhelpen	v	hielp door – doorgeholpen	to help get through; to help through a tough situation; to continue helping
bijhelpen	v	hielp bij – bijgeholpen	to help resuscitate, to help bring around
ophelpen	v	hielp op – opgeholpen	to help get up, to make stand up; to support
terechthelpen	v	hielp terecht – terechtgeholpen	to help find the right way
uithelpen	v	hielp uit – uitgeholpen	to help get out; to help get rid of
voorthelpen	v	hielp voort – voortgeholpen	to help advance, to help along
vooruithelpen	v	hielp vooruit – vooruitgeholpen	to help advance, to help along
weghelpen	v	hielp weg – weggeholpen	to help get away from; to help escape, to help flee
aansterven	v	stierf aan – aangestorven	to inherit
wegsterven	v	stierf weg – weggestorven	to slowly die; to gradually fade out
Zweinstein	m		Hogwarts, the fictional school of magic in the Harry Potter series
omstebeurt	d		in turn, taking turns
onweerswolk	n	de · mv. onweerswolken	thundercloud (also as a metaphor for a bad mood)
rassenhaat	n	de	racism (chiefly involving hatred, discrimination or oppression motivated by…
doodsbedreiging	n	de · mv. doodsbedreigingen	a death threat
homohaat	n	de	homophobia (chiefly involving hatred or overt bias, discrimination, etc.)
ontsterven	v	ontstierf – ontstorven	to become lost by dying; to let go of by dying
leeghoofdig	a		emptyheaded, numbskulled
sneltest	n	de · mv. sneltesten	rapid test, quick test
testcapaciteit	n	de	testing capacity
kindermoordenaar	n	de · mv. kindermoordenaars	a child murderer, an infanticide
anderhalvemetersamenleving	n	de · mv. anderhalvemetersamenlevingen	a society wherein the citizens are able to keep a distance of one and a half…
vuilnisbakkenras	n	het · mv. vuilnisbakkenrassen	a mongrel; a domesticated animal, especially a dog, that doesn't belong to a…
precambrisch	a		Precambrian
precambrium	m		Precambrian
sigarettenpeuk	n	de · mv. sigarettenpeuken	a cigarette butt, a stub
cambrium	m		Cambrian
cambrisch	a		Cambrian
zonvakantie	n	de · mv. zonvakanties	a holiday in the sun
bijzon	n	de · mv. bijzonnen	a sun dog, a parhelion
onproblematisch	a		unproblematic
petomaan	n	de · mv. petomanen	a flatulist; a prolific farter
petomaan	a		being a professional flatulist; given to prolific farting
knoopcel	n	de · mv. knoopcellen	a button cell, a coin cell
knoopcelbatterij	n	de · mv. knoopcelbatterijen	a button cell, a coin cell
wijsheidstand	n	de · mv. wijsheidstanden	wisdom tooth
probleemloos	a		without problems
bessenstruik	n	de · mv. bessenstruiken	a berry bush
plebisciet	n	het · mv. plebiscieten	a plebiscite
bessensap	n	het	berry juice
geweervuur	n	het	gunfire
zakwoordenboek	n	het · mv. zakwoordenboeken	a pocket dictionary (small portable dictionary)
pocketwoordenboek	n	het · mv. pocketwoordenboeken	a pocket dictionary (small portable dictionary), usually a paperback
handwoordenboek	n	het · mv. handwoordenboeken	a single-volume dictionary, larger than a pocket dictionary
loodschort	n	de/het · mv. loodschorten	lead apron, leaded apron
moederliefde	n	de	motherly love
lijsterbes	n	de · mv. lijsterbessen	European rowan (Sorbus aucuparia); A rowan, mountain ash; any tree of the genus Sorbus
erytheem	n	het · mv. erythemen	erythema
rugleuning	n	de · mv. rugleuningen	a backrest, the back of a piece of furniture
tenlastelegging	n	de · mv. tenlasteleggingen	indictment, charge against a crime
doodslag	n	de · mv. doodslagen	manslaughter (act of killing unlawfully)
fruitoogst	n	de · mv. fruitoogsten	the harvest of fruit brought in a year or season
fruitpan	n	de · mv. fruitpannen	a frying pan
gebrom	n	het	buzzing, humming; growling (of dogs); grumbling
gebrouilleerd	a		not on the best of terms, quarreling, fighting, disagreeing
gastmaal	n	het · mv. gastmalen	feast, banquet
garven	v	garfde – gegarfd	to bind grain in sheaves, to sheave; to haul sheaves from the field
garf	n	de · mv. garven	sheaf, bundled grain; rent (as paid by a tenant farmer or peasant)
pachtgeld	n	het · mv. pachtgelden	rent, lease money (especially a tenant farmer)
openbaarmaking	n	de · mv. openbaarmakingen	publication, disclosure; promulgation
onzacht	a		ungentle, rude
onzienlijk	a		invisible; without being seen, rarely occurring
zienlijk	a		visible; clear, obvious; having to do with sight, vision
veelbelovend	a		promising, likely to develop in a desirable fashion
dakspar	n	de · mv. daksparren	rafter
blohartig	a		faint-hearted
blokfluit	n	de · mv. blokfluiten	recorder
bochel	n	de · mv. bochels	hump, hunch, humpback, hunchback
vertolken	v		to interpret, translate; to convey, render, express
neerschieten	v	schoot neer – neergeschoten	to shoot down (to down with a projectile); to shoot down (to criticise harshly)
nietwaar	i		Used to form tag questions, with the implied expectation that the addressee…
peulvrucht	n	de · mv. peulvruchten	legume (seed); legume, leguminous plant, plant of the family Fabaceae; pod (seed case)
redekavelen	v	redekavelde – geredekaveld	to argue, to engage in a disputation
föhnwind	n	de · mv. föhnwinden	foehn (warm dry wind blowing down the north sides of the Alps)
donorhart	n	het · mv. donorharten	donor heart, transplanted heart
kutzwager	n	de · mv. kutzwagers	a male acquaintance who has had sexual intercourse with the same woman; one…
gelijktijdigheid	n	de	simultaneity, simultaneousness
nieuwsmedium	n	het · mv. nieuwsmedia	a news medium
pottenbakker	n	de · mv. pottenbakkers	potter
bladerdos	n	de · mv. bladerdossen	foliage
hesychastisch	a		Hesychast (of or pertaining to Eastern Orthodox mysticism or mystics in…
hesychasme	n	het	Hesychasm (Eastern Orthodox mystical movement in late-mediaeval Byzantium)
bètawetenschap	n	de · mv. bètawetenschappen	hard science
averij	n	de · mv. averijen	damage in transit; average (financial sense); damage in general
barmsijs	n	de · mv. barmsijzen	a redpoll, any bird of the genus Acanthis; synonym of grote barmsijs (“Acanthis flammea”)
roodmus	n	de · mv. roodmussen	scarlet rosefinch, common rosefinch, Carpodacus erythrinus
drooghoppen	v	drooghopte – gedrooghopt	to dry hop
hoppig	a		hoppy (of beer)
koppigheid	n	de	stubbornness, obstinacy
hoppigheid	n	de · mv. hoppigheden	hoppiness
openhartoperatie	n	de · mv. openhartoperaties	open-heart surgery
gipsplaat	n	de · mv. gipsplaten	a drywall sheet
gipskarton	n	het	drywall
alpenheggenmus	n	de · mv. alpenheggenmussen	alpine accentor (Prunella collaris)
lakenvoller	n	de · mv. lakenvollers	fuller
eurocentrisch	a		Eurocentric
Lagerhuis	m		House of Commons (the lower house of the British parliament)
lampetkan	n	de · mv. lampetkannen	ewer, jug
letterteken	n	het · mv. lettertekenen	character, letter
leugenachtigheid	n	de	mendacity, falseness
lengteas	n	de · mv. lengteassen	longitudinal axis
persoonlijkheidscultus	n	de · mv. persoonlijkheidscultussen	cult of personality
persoonscultus	n	de · mv. persoonscultussen	cult of personality
criminalisering	n	de · mv. criminaliseringen	criminalisation
decriminalisering	n	de · mv. decriminaliseringen	decriminalisation
ambtstaal	n	de · mv. ambtstalen	official language
verrassingselement	n	het · mv. verrassingselementen	element of surprise
vogelnestjessoep	n	de · mv. vogelnestjessoepen	bird's nest soup
noordpoolcirkel	m		Arctic Circle
landbouwkunde	n	de	agronomy
vroedkunde	n	de	midwifery, obstetrics
bergvenkel	n	de	baldmoney (Meum athamanticum)
oligarchisch	a		oligarchic (pertaining to rule by a few)
gietsel	n	het · mv. gietsels	casting
gissing	n	de · mv. gissingen	conjecture, guess, estimation
godendienst	n	de · mv. godendiensten	idolatry, (literally) serving the gods
bacovewinkel	n	de · mv. bacovewinkels	a roadside stall selling bananas; a disorderly or dysfunctional place or situation
pindapoepchinees	n	de · mv. pindapoepchinezen	person of Chinese heritage or with an Asian appearance
paperassen	n		paperwork, red tape
beerkar	n	de · mv. beerkarren	a cart or wheelbarrow used to transport liquid (human) manure
distributieriem	n	de · mv. distributieriemen	cambelt, timing belt
zielenheil	n	het	the salvation of one's soul
krijgsheer	n	de · mv. krijgsheren	warlord (high military officer in a warlike nation)
tussenpoos	n	de · mv. tussenpozen	an interval of time, in particular an interval of rest or an interval…
vredesmissie	n	de · mv. vredesmissies	peacekeeping mission
gipskartonplaat	n	de · mv. gipskartonplaten	a drywall sheet
gebocheld	a		humped, hunchbacked
Jef	m		a male given name
hoofdingang	n	de · mv. hoofdingangen	main entrance
maandverband	n	het · mv. maandverbanden	sanitary towel, sanitary napkin, sanitary pad
midzomer	n	de · mv. midzomers	midsummer (the middle of summer); summer solstice; St. John's feast day
Asmogendheid	n	de · mv. Asmogendheden	Axis power
Ariër	n	de · mv. Ariërs	an Aryan; an Indo-Aryan or Indo-Iranian; an Aryan (member of a supposed white subrace believed in by scientific racists)
vogelspotter	n	de · mv. vogelspotters	a birdwatcher
kinderarbeid	n	de	child labour
kinderbijbel	n	de · mv. kinderbijbels	children's Bible
kinderdoop	n	de	infant baptism, paedobaptism
kinderkoor	n	het · mv. kinderkoren	a child choir
kinderleed	n	het	suffering experienced by children
kinderslot	n	het · mv. kindersloten	child safety lock
kindervriend	n	de · mv. kindervrienden	a friend to children, an adult who is friendly to and good with children
kinderverlamming	n	de · mv. kinderverlammingen	polio, poliomyelitis, infantile paralysis
inlegkruisje	n	het · mv. inlegkruisjes	pantyliner, panty shield (thin pad to absorb small amounts of menstrual…
korenworm	n	de · mv. korenwormen	a plant-eating beetle larva, especially a chafer or weevil
riviergrondel	n	de · mv. riviergrondels	typical common gudgeon (Gobio gobio gobio)
havezate	n	de · mv. havezaten	a knightly castle or manor, especially in Twente or Drenthe
bioturbatie	n	de · mv. bioturbaties	bioturbation, disturbance or contamination of a site by non-human organisms; bioturbation, mixing of soil or sediment by living organisms
kryoturbatie	n	de · mv. kryoturbaties	cryoturbation, mixing of soil by freezing and thawing
partijleidster	n	de · mv. partijleidsters	female party leader (woman leading a political party)
meetkundig	a		geometric
Driekoningen	m		Epiphany
Epifaniën	m		Epiphany
auto-industrie	n	de · mv. auto-industrieën	car industry
klinkerbotsing	n	de · mv. klinkerbotsingen	an instance or phenomenon where a sequence of vowel characters may…
schapenteek	n	de · mv. schapenteken	castor bean tick, sheep tick (Ixodes ricinus)
kleurenblind	a		colour blind (incapable of distinguishing two primary colours)
categorisch	a		categorical (without exception); resolute, firm
causaal	a		causal
klokkenspel	n	het · mv. klokkenspellen	carillon
cd-speler	n	de · mv. cd-spelers	CD player
chef-kok	n	de · mv. chef-koks	a culinary chef, a head cook
chaostheoretisch	a		of, pertaining to or according to chaos theory
chilipeper	n	de · mv. chilipepers	chili, chili pepper (fruit); powdered chili pepper, chili powder
Centraal-Amerikaan	n	de · mv. Centraal-Amerikanen	Central American, person (originating) from Central America
Centraal-Amerikaans	a		Central American; of, from or relating to Central America
Midden-Amerikaans	a		Central American; of, from or relating to Central America
charmantheid	n	de	charmingness
chloorwater	n	het	chlorinated water, chlorine water
circusartiest	n	de · mv. circusartiesten	a circus performer
dichloor	n	het	dichlorine, Cl₂ (molecular chlorine)
galvet	n	het · mv. galvetten	cholesterol
zoutstof	n	de · mv. zoutstoffen	chlorine; any other halogen
naaktfoto	n	de · mv. naaktfoto's	nude photograph
portretfoto	n	de · mv. portretfoto's	portrait photograph
trouwfoto	n	de · mv. trouwfoto's	wedding photo
panoramafoto	n	de · mv. panoramafoto's	panorama photo, panoramic picture (photograph)
fotostudio	n	de · mv. fotostudio's	photo studio
knakker	n	de · mv. knakkers	odd duck, curious fellow
metaalmoeheid	n	de	metal fatigue
moeheid	n	de	tiredness, fatigue
krimpverbinding	n	de · mv. krimpverbindingen	a crimp joint
racebaan	n	de · mv. racebanen	a racetrack, a circuit
ex-vrouw	n	de · mv. ex-vrouwen	ex-wife
ex-man	n	de · mv. ex-mannen	ex-husband
bramzeil	n	het · mv. bramzeilen	a topgallant sail
straatwaarde	n	de · mv. straatwaarden	street value
levensgeschiedenis	n	de · mv. levensgeschiedenissen	biography
tekstuitgave	n	de · mv. tekstuitgaven	text edition
novellenschrijver	n	de · mv. novellenschrijvers	a writer of novellas
novelleschrijver	n	de · mv. novelleschrijvers	Official spelling of novellenschrijver
taalgeleerde	n	de · mv. taalgeleerden	a linguist or a philologist
toespreken	v	sprak toe – toegesproken	to address, to speak to
zekerlijk	d		surely, certainly
hekelspel	n	het · mv. hekelspelen	a satirical play
schimpdichter	n	de · mv. schimpdichters	satirist, satirical poet
schimpdicht	n	het · mv. schimpdichten	satirical poem
confectiekleding	n	de	mass-produced ready-to-wear outer clothing
belangenconflict	n	het · mv. belangenconflicten	a conflict of interest
conserveermiddel	n	het · mv. conserveermiddelen	preservative (additive preventing decomposition)
conserveringsmiddel	n	het · mv. conserveringsmiddelen	preservative (additive preventing decomposition)
bewaarmiddel	n	het · mv. bewaarmiddelen	preservative (additive preventing decomposition)
panikeren	v	panikeerde – gepanikeerd	to panic
contextueel	a		contextual
persoonsgegevens	n		personal data; details (personal information)
vraagzin	n	de · mv. vraagzinnen	interrogative sentence
copulatief	a		copular, copulative
copulatie	n	de · mv. copulaties	copulation, mating
copuleren	v	copuleerde – gecopuleerd	to copulate, to mate
gelukkigerwijs	d		fortunately
ongelukkigerwijs	d		unfortunately
coronair	a		coronary (pertaining to the coronary veins or arteries)
aasdier	n	het · mv. aasdieren	a scavenger, an animal feeding on carrion
luchtstreek	n	de · mv. luchtstreken	a geographical zone (one of the five main latitude regions of Earth)
aardgordel	n	de · mv. aardgordels	geographical zone (one of the five main latitude regions of Earth)
caféhouder	n	de · mv. caféhouders	the owner or manager of a café
beeldendienst	n	de · mv. beeldendiensten	idolatry directed at statues (religious worship or veneration of statuary)…
convectie	n	de · mv. convecties	convection
bidsjaal	n	de · mv. bidsjaals	a tallit
godsgeschenk	n	het · mv. godsgeschenken	godsend
dagzuster	n	de · mv. dagzusters	a day-time female nurse at a medical facility
nachtzuster	n	de · mv. nachtzusters	a night-time female nurse at a medical facility
ziekenzuster	n	de · mv. ziekenzusters	female nurse (woman who provides medical care for the ill); member of a religious sisterhood (usually a nun) who provides care for the ill
stemloos	a		voiceless, unvoiced
stemhebbend	a		voiced
counteren	v	counterde – gecounterd	to counter-attack, to counter
coveren	v	coverde – gecoverd	to cover, to make a cover version of
cowboyhoed	n	de · mv. cowboyhoeden	cowboy hat
gaskamer	n	de · mv. gaskamers	gas chamber (sealed chamber in which people or animals are murdered with gas)
criminaliseren	v	criminaliseerde – gecriminaliseerd	to criminalise
onverantwoordelijk	a		irresponsible
Dacië	m		Dacia (region in modern-day Romania)
cursief	a		italic
cycloop	n	de · mv. cyclopen	cyclops (one-eyed giant)
schorem	n	het	scum, riffraff
cruisen	v	cruisete – gecruiset	to cruise, to go on a cruise trip; to cruise in a car, to drive at a constant speed; to cruise, to have anonymous casual sex
herbesmetting	n	de · mv. herbesmettingen	reinfection
herbesmetten	v	herbesmette – herbesmet	to reinfect
natuursteen	n	de · mv. natuurstenen	a natural stone, as opposed to brick and other human produce (substance or…; a natural stone (substance)
siersteen	n	de · mv. sierstenen	an ornamental (type of) stone
vuurwerkverbod	n	het · mv. vuurwerkverboden	ban on lighting fireworks
nertsenbont	n	het	mink fur
kerngezond	a		very healthy, being in great health
gasfornuis	n	het · mv. gasfornuizen	gas stove
inductiefornuis	n	het · mv. inductiefornuizen	induction stove
inductiekookplaat	n	de · mv. inductiekookplaten	induction hob, induction cooktop
inductie	n	de · mv. inducties	induction (generation of an electric current by a varying magnetic field); induction (method of proof of a theorem by first proving it for a specific…; induction (derivation of general principles from specific instances)
inductief	a		inductive
leeuwendaalder	n	de · mv. leeuwendaalders	leeuwendaalder
prikje	n	het · mv. prikjes	a small amount of money (usually suggesting that any purchase is a bargain)
entegen	d		synonym of tegen
dezerzijds	d		on this side
dezerzijds	p		on this side of
dezerzijds	n	het	the mortal realm (as opposed to the afterlife)
daarstelling	n	de · mv. daarstellingen	development, formation, foundation; demonstration, representation, exhibition
bekeringsdagen	n		Ten Days of Repentance (the period of ten days between the Jewish holidays…
vuurstaking	n	de · mv. vuurstakingen	armistice, ceasefire
botermijn	n	de · mv. botermijnen	a Dutch auction (reverse auction with gradual reduction of the price) for butter
daghit	n	de · mv. daghitten	a teenage girl working as a cleaner during the day, usually because she is…
Hitlander	n	de · mv. Hitlanders	a Shetlander (person from Shetland)
cellarius	n	de · mv. cellarii	a monk tasked with the economic administration of a monastery
beeldjeskoop	n	de · mv. beeldjeskopen	a street salesman of statuary
alarmpistool	n	het · mv. alarmpistolen	alarm pistol, blank pistol
catsiaans	a		Catsian; of or pertaining to Jacob Cats (1577–1660), a Dutch jurist and poet…
chartervliegtuig	n	het · mv. chartervliegtuigen	a charter plane, a charted aeroplane
chartervlucht	n	de · mv. chartervluchten	a charter flight
snijtand	n	de · mv. snijtanden	incisor (narrow-edged tooth at the front of the mouth of mammals, between…
casueel	a		coincidental; remarkable, exceptional
carbid	n	het	calcium carbide, CaC₂
oogsttijd	n	de · mv. oogsttijden	harvest time, (season) when a produce is harvested
fruitschaal	n	de · mv. fruitschalen	a fruit bowl
schuldenberg	n	de · mv. schuldenbergen	a mountain of debts (load of (accumulated) debt)
smartlap	n	de · mv. smartlappen	a simple sentimental popular song about a sad story, usually involving love,…
honingbeer	n	de · mv. honingberen	sun bear, honey bear (Helarctos malayanus, a bear species from South East Asia)
bijlbrief	n	de · mv. bijlbrieven	a document provided by a shipwright to the buyer of a ship, listing various…
kodiakbeer	n	de · mv. kodiakberen	Kodiak bear (Ursus arctos middendorffi)
brilbeer	n	de · mv. brilberen	spectacled bear (Tremarctos ornatus)
kraagbeer	n	de · mv. kraagberen	Asian black bear (Ursus thibetanus)
lippenbeer	n	de · mv. lippenberen	sloth bear (Melursus ursinus)
pandabeer	n	de · mv. pandaberen	giant panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca)
volksetymologie	n	de · mv. volksetymologieën	folk etymology (modification of a word or its spelling resulting from a…; folk etymology (incorrect etymology based on an inexpert misunderstanding)
steekmug	n	de · mv. steekmuggen	mosquito (insect of the family Culicidae)
abrogatie	n	de · mv. abrogaties	abrogation, repeal, abolition
dagbouw	n	de	surface mining, surface excavation
cactee	n	de · mv. cacteeën	cactus, plant of the family Cactaceae
fruitschotel	n	de · mv. fruitschotellen	a tray or platter to serve fruit on
shirtjack	n	het · mv. shirtjacks	short-sleeved, open-collar, single-breasted, four-button men's jacket,…
eitand	n	de · mv. eitanden	egg tooth
voortand	n	de · mv. voortanden	front tooth
conflictstof	n	de	matter causing conflict
celdeling	n	de · mv. celdelingen	cell division, cleavage
celsplitsing	n	de · mv. celsplitsingen	cell division, cleavage
bouwstof	n	de · mv. bouwstoffen	a nutrient used as a building block by the body; a construction material, a building material; construction dust
bekkenist	n	de · mv. bekkenisten	a cymbalist
onvergetelijk	a		unforgettable
zwembassin	n	het · mv. zwembassins	swimming pool
spotgoedkoop	a		very cheap, extremely affordable
geldelijk	a		monetary, usually consisting of or in the form of money
uitvogelen	v	vogelde uit – uitgevogeld	to figure out
oppermacht	n	de · mv. oppermachten	hegemony, supremacy (overwhelming power or control; state of being…
lullensmid	n	de · mv. lullensmeden	a venereologist
edelsmid	n	de · mv. edelsmeden	a smith who makes jewellery out of precious metals; a jeweller, a goldsmith…
palmspier	n	de · mv. palmspieren	any muscle in the palm of a hand
politiemacht	n	de · mv. politiemachten	police force (mobilised police units)
machtsovername	n	de · mv. machtsovernames	takeover, act of seizing power
landmacht	n	de · mv. landmachten	army, the branch of the armed forces specialised in land operations
beerwagen	n	de · mv. beerwagens	a cart or wheelbarrow used to transport liquid (human) manure
redzaam	a		self-reliant, able to help oneself, to get around
zekeren	v	zekerde – gezekerd	to secure, to fasten
salarisschaal	n	de · mv. salarisschalen	a pay grade
weddeschaal	n	de · mv. weddeschalen	a pay grade
ereloonsupplement	n	het · mv. ereloonsupplementen	a surcharge to be paid by a hospital patient, calculated as a percentage of…
voedingssupplement	n	het · mv. voedingssupplementen	dietary supplement, nutritional supplement
supplementair	a		supplementary
metroseksualiteit	n	de	metrosexuality
tunnelvisie	n	de · mv. tunnelvisies	tunnel vision, one-track mind; tunnel vision, restricted field of vision
namaker	n	de · mv. namakers	an imitator, in particular a fabricator
verknopen	v	verknoopte – verknoopt	to tie together; to tie with a knot; to button together
Q-koorts	n	de	Q fever, bacterial disease caused by Coxiella burnetii
aanheer	n	de · mv. aanheren	forefather, male ancestor
misoogst	n	de · mv. misoogsten	a failed harvest, a crop failure
beresterk	a		as strong as a bear, very strong
touwladder	n	de · mv. touwladders	a rope ladder
copiloot	n	de · mv. copiloten	copilot
comorbiditeit	n	de · mv. comorbiditeiten	comorbidity
dodenbezwering	n	de · mv. dodenbezweringen	necromancy (divination involving the dead; conjuration of the dead)
fruittaart	n	de · mv. fruittaarten	a pie, cobbler or even cake flavoured with one or more kinds of fruit, after…
weddeverlaging	n	de · mv. weddeverlagingen	a cut in a soldier's pay
berenval	n	de · mv. berenvallen	a beartrap
salarisanciënniteit	n	de · mv. salarisanciënniteiten	an employee's seniority in a job and/or pay grade, as used to calculate his…
klauwaard	n	de · mv. klauwaards	a medieval supporter of the counts of Flanders, rejecting the rule of the…; a flamingant, Flemish nationalist; a Flemish flag (a stylized clawing black lion, with or without red claws and…
uitgekookt	a		cooked thoroughly; overcooked; cunning, shrewd, sly
gladjanus	n	de · mv. gladjanussen	a sneak, a slick
lamplicht	n	het	lamplight
rioolrat	n	de · mv. rioolratten	synonym of bruine rat (“sewer rat (Rattus norvegicus)”); a human who is compared to vermin, notably living in squalor and/or crime
waterrat	n	de · mv. waterratten	synonym of woelrat (“European water vole (Arvicola amphibius)”); a water rat, person or animal fond of swimming or other aquatic activities
miskoop	n	de · mv. miskopen	a failed purchase, an acquisition not worth its price and/or unfit for its…
jaarling	n	de · mv. jaarlingen	a yearling, notably an equine or bovine animal aged between one and two
jaarrekening	n	de · mv. jaarrekeningen	An account covering a calendar year; the annual accounts of a firm or other public or private, accountable…
miskopen	v	miskocht – miskocht	to make a bad purchase
uithijgen	v	hijgde uit – uitgehijgd	to catch one's breath, to rest in order to stop panting
daluur	n	het · mv. daluren	an off-peak hour; one of the hours between peak hours/rush hours
spelbederver	n	de · mv. spelbedervers	a spoilsport, a killjoy
waterdamp	n	de · mv. waterdampen	water vapor
gifdamp	n	de · mv. gifdampen	poisonous fume, poisonous vapour
dansbeer	n	de · mv. dansberen	a dancing bear
doemdenker	n	de · mv. doemdenkers	a pessimist
streekliteratuur	n	de · mv. streekliteraturen	regional literature
streekletterkunde	n	de	regional literature
Davidisch	a		Davidic (pertaining to the Biblical king David)
berentemmer	n	de · mv. berentemmers	a bear trainer, a bear tamer
leeuwentemmer	n	de · mv. leeuwentemmers	a lion tamer, a lion trainer
interland	n	de · mv. interlands	a sports match between national teams
LPF-achtig	a		resembling the LPF (“Lijst Pim Fortuyn”), esp. featuring chaotic and bitter…
LPF-toestanden	n		chaotic circumstances that involve bitter infighting
Zwaben	m		Swabia (a historic region of Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria, Germany); Swabia (an administrative region of Bavaria, Germany)
royement	n	het · mv. royementen	the cancellation of membership, expulsion
gramnegatief	a		gram-negative
grampositief	a		gram-positive
gramkleuring	a		Gram staining
ikvorm	n	de · mv. ikvormen	a stylistic format in which the narrator/protagonist tells the story using…
herfstvakantie	n	de · mv. herfstvakanties	a (school) holiday period in Autumn, notably around All Saints
spaniël	n	de · mv. spaniëls	a spaniel (small to medium-sized gun dog type)
Oosterhuis	m		a surname
Oosterhof	m		a surname
chequeboek	n	het · mv. chequeboeken	a chequebook
begrotingsoverschot	n	het · mv. begrotingsoverschotten	a surplus in a budget, when projected income exceeds ditto expenses
vereerder	n	de · mv. vereerders	a worshipper or venerator; a romantic admirer
citroenhaai	n	de · mv. citroenhaaien	lemon shark (Negaprion brevirostris)
spelbreker	n	de · mv. spelbrekers	a spoilsport, a killjoy; a third party which presents an obstacle
echtelijk	a		marital, matrimonial, pertaining to marriage, not the wedding
begrotingsevenwicht	n	het · mv. begrotingsevenwichten	a balanced budget, when projected income mathches ditto expenses
begrotingsonevenwicht	n	het · mv. begrotingsonevenwichten	an unbalanced budget, when projected income exceeds ditto expenses or vice versa
bewonderaar	n	de · mv. bewonderaars	an admirer, notably aesthetical; a romantic admirer
onevenwicht	n	het · mv. onevenwichten	a disbalance
chequeverkeer	n	het	cheque transactions, check transations
waardecheque	n	de · mv. waardecheques	voucher
bankcheque	n	de · mv. bankcheques	bank cheque, bank check
popidool	n	de/het · mv. popidolen	a pop idol (pop musician who is idolised)
poppodium	n	het · mv. poppodia	a venue where pop music is performed live
poptempel	n	de · mv. poptempels	a major venue for the live performance of pop music
plaspop	n	de · mv. plaspoppen	a doll resembling a human baby that can simulate urination; a urinating doll
babypop	n	de · mv. babypoppen	a doll resembling a human baby
handpop	n	de · mv. handpoppen	a hand puppet, a glove puppet
negatie	n	de · mv. negaties	negation
poppentheater	n	het · mv. poppentheaters	puppet theatre
stropop	n	de · mv. stropoppen	a straw man (figure stuffed with straw); a straw man, a front man
taaitaaipop	n	de · mv. taaitaaipoppen	a cookie in the form of a human made of a chewy dough
erfprins	n	de · mv. erfprinsen	a hereditary prince; a crown prince or the male descendant of a crown prince…
Pokémonrage	m		Pokémania
minirok	n	de · mv. minirokken	a miniskirt
rioolwater	n	het	sewage, sewer water
volkssoevereiniteit	n	de	popular sovereignty
chequeboekdiplomatie	n	de	a method of solving diplomatic problems by 'waving the checkbook', i.e.…; a similar method of paying off non-diplomatic partners
eerstejaars	n	de · mv. eerstejaars	a student or pupil in one's first year, in particular at a university or…
tweedejaars	n	de · mv. tweedejaars	a student or pupil in one's second year, in particular at a university or…
tweedejaars	a		second-year
derdejaars	n	de · mv. derdejaars	a student or pupil in one's third year, in particular at a university or…
kanonneerbootdiplomatie	n	de	gunboat diplomacy
pandadiplomatie	n	de	panda diplomacy (China's use of giant pandas as diplomatic gifts)
florijn	n	de · mv. florijnen	a florin; a Dutch guilder
hoofdelijk	a		affecting every person individually; per head, per capita
kleuterleider	n	de · mv. kleuterleiders	a kindergarten teacher, usually male
dipoolmoment	n	het · mv. dipoolmomenten	dipole moment
Gabriël	m		Gabriel (Biblical archangel)
handtastelijk	a		handsy (prone to touching other people with one's hands, especially…
tastzin	n	de	one's sense of touch
handgel	n	de · mv. handgels	a hand gel, such as a cosmetic or disinfectant gel
krimpkous	n	de · mv. krimpkousen	a heat shrink
paasvakantie	n	de · mv. paasvakanties	a (school) holiday in Belgium and Suriname including Easter, separating the…
zonnebrandcrème	n	de · mv. zonnebrandcrèmes	sunscreen
vuurproef	n	de · mv. vuurproeven	an ordeal in which a person - such as a suspected witch - is exposed to…; a situation in which a soldier or other combatant faces the discharge of…
helmteken	n	het · mv. helmtekens	a crest, bearing worn tusually on a helmet or other headdress above the…; the same used separately as a mark for plate, in letterheads and the like
paaslelie	n	de · mv. paaslelies	the daffodil, narcissus, a relative of the lily which flowers around Easter
schuimnest	n	het · mv. schuimnesten	a foam nest, a bubble nest
begrotingspost	n	de · mv. begrotingsposten	a formal item in a budget, providing income from a specific source or…
handdruk	n	de · mv. handdrukken	a handshake
sinterklaasfeest	n	het · mv. sinterklaasfeesten	the feast of Saint Nicholas, celebrated as a gift-giviing holiday on the…
lintbebouwing	n	de · mv. lintbebouwingen	the diffuse implantation of buildings in a ribbon-like pattern, rather than…
handcrème	n	de · mv. handcrèmes	hand cream, skin cream intended for use on hands
handgebaar	n	het · mv. handgebaren	a gesture made with the hand
dodenbezweerder	n	de · mv. dodenbezweerders	a necromancer
aangrijnzen	v	grijnsde aan – aangegrijnsd	to grin at, to smile at
allermeest	a		most of all
allermeest	d		most of all
baggerschuit	n	de · mv. baggerschuiten	a dredge barge, a dredger (vessel)
baggeraar	n	de · mv. baggeraars	a dredger; a dredging vessel, dredging machine or person who dredges
inwikkelen	v	wikkelde in – ingewikkeld	to wrap, to wrap in
prostaatvergroting	n	de · mv. prostaatvergrotingen	prostate enlargement (growth of the prostate)
belakken	v	belakte – belakt	to slander, to tar the reputation of
kankergrappig	a		fucking funny, fucking hilarious
halfaap	n	de · mv. halfapen	A strepsirrhine, member of one the two suborders of primates, besides…
staalhard	a		physically hard and strong as steel; ironclad, rock solid, irrefutable; emphatical
staalhard	d		physically hard and strong as steel; solidly, irrefutably; emphatically
staartdeling	n	de · mv. staartdelingen	a long division, procedure for dividing multidigit numbers breaking it down…
weekdag	n	de · mv. weekdagen	a work day, any individual day of the week, except those which form the…
kankermongool	n	de · mv. kankermongolen	a fucking retard, a fucking moron
kankerlul	n	de · mv. kankerlullen	a fucking arse, a fucking dick
woelrat	n	de · mv. woelratten	European water vole (Arvicola amphibius)
waterrad	n	het · mv. waterraderen	a water wheel (wheel powered by water or used to raise water)
bebouwing	n	de · mv. bebouwingen	built-up area; construction, land use; construction, the act of constructing
oliesjeik	n	de · mv. oliesjeiks	a sheik ruling over an oil-producing region, who has grown rich from oil…
begrotingsartikel	n	het · mv. begrotingsartikels	a formal item in a budget, providing income from a specific source or…
vorstelijk	a		princely, pertaining to a prince, to any monarch; fit for a royal, magnificent, opulent; royally, generous or abundant
sjeikdom	n	het · mv. sjeikdommen	a territory ruled by a sheikh; usually with vassal status, sometimes a state…
kanjereus	a		huge, gigantic, enormous; fantastic, excellent
snarenspel	n	het	string music
offerdier	n	het · mv. offerdieren	a sacrificial animal, a sacrifice
begrotingsruiter	n	de · mv. begrotingsruiters	an article which was sneakily included in a budget bill, although pertaining…
begrotingspolitiek	n	de	a fiscal policy, political strategy using the public budget, (tax) income…
fruitpers	n	de · mv. fruitpersen	a fruit press, producing juice
landloperij	n	de	vagabondism, vagrancy
slaghout	n	het · mv. slaghouten	a wooden device, like bat or stick, used to launch a ball, puck or other…; a blunt wooden weapon to incapacitate people or animals
straffeloosheid	n	de	a state of impunity, not having to fear any retribution
partijvoorzitter	n	de · mv. partijvoorzitters	party leader (the president or chairman of a political party, its statutory…
begrotingsbeleid	n	de	a fiscal policy, political strategy using the public budget, (tax) income…
slagman	n	de · mv. slagmannen	a male batter, a batman
partijleiderschap	n	het	party leadership; the state of being a party leader or the position of a…
contactberoep	n	het · mv. contactberoepen	a job or profession which implies close physical contact with the clients,…
hondenfokker	n	de · mv. hondenfokkers	a dog breeder
hondentrainer	n	de · mv. hondentrainers	a dog trainer
speurhond	n	de · mv. speurhonden	a tracking dog, a tracker dog; in particular one used in police…
trekhond	n	de · mv. trekhonden	a draught dog, a carting dog
hondenmand	n	de · mv. hondenmanden	a dog basket
hondenkar	n	de · mv. hondenkarren	a dog cart, a dog-drawn cart
drugshond	n	de · mv. drugshonden	a detection dog trained for detecting (illegal) drugs
aristoteliaan	n	de · mv. aristotelianen	an Aristotelian
golfkar	n	de · mv. golfkarren	a golf cart
handkar	n	de · mv. handkarren	a handcart
herderlijk	a		pastoral, pertaining to pastoral care or guidance
pastoraal	a		pastoral, pertaining to herding or the countrylife; pastoral, concerning the care of clergy for their flock of faithful
pastoraal	n	de	the clerical care for one's flock as spiritual herdsman
springlevend	a		alive and kicking, vibrant; alive and still jumping (of caught aquatic animals)
Corsicaan	n	de · mv. Corsicanen	Corsican (native or inhabitant of Corsica, France) (usually male)
Madrileen	n	de · mv. Madrilenen	Madrilenian
Madrileens	a		Madrilenian
lemniscaat	n	de · mv. lemniscaten	lemniscate
bezetenheid	n	de	possession; the state of being magically or demonically possessed; a state of obsession
mafkikker	n	de · mv. mafkikkers	a weirdo, goofball, nutjob
contactsport	n	het · mv. contactsporten	an individual sport which implies close physical contact between the…
oliepers	n	de · mv. oliepersen	a mechanical press to produce oil, as from olives
partijbestuur	n	het · mv. partijbesturen	the main board in the structure of a political party, interacting with its…
sporttak	n	de · mv. sporttakken	any individual sport, which has specific rules
uitgavenpost	n	de · mv. uitgavenposten	a formal item in accounting, e.g. budget, providing or assigning expenses…
wanhopen	v	wanhoopte – gewanhoopt	to despair, to lose hope
Siamees	a		Siamese
Siamees	n	de · mv. Siamezen	a Siamese person
politbureau	n	het · mv. politbureaus	a politburo (chief executive body of a communist party or another, usually…
deactivering	n	de	deactivation
verkiezingsdebat	n	het · mv. verkiezingsdebatten	an election debate
kamrad	n	de · mv. kamraderen	sprocket
darwiniaan	n	de · mv. darwinianen	a Darwinian; an adherent of Charles Darwin's theory of the origin of…
ploegsport	n	het · mv. ploegsporten	a team sport, which is played opposing two or more teams
vruchtenpers	n	de · mv. vruchtenpersen	a fruit press, producing juice
racewagen	n	de · mv. racewagens	a race car, built, adapted or just used to race against other cars
stoepa	n	de · mv. stoepa's	a stupa, dome-shaped Buddhist-type monument, as used to house relics of the…
beheksen	v	behekste – behekst	to hex, bewitch, put under a magical spell; to jinx, burden with bad luck
sportdiscipline	n	de · mv. sportdisciplines	any individual sport, which has specific rules
raceauto	n	de · mv. raceauto's	a race car, built, adapted or just used to race against other cars
Turijn	m		Turin (a city and comune, the capital of the Metropolitan City of Turin and…; Turin (a metropolitan city of Piedmont, established in 2015; in full, the…
nagelen	v	nagelde – genageld	to nail, to fasten with nails
darwiniaans	a		Darwinian; pertaining to Charles Darwin's theory of evolution
koopmansgeest	n	de	the merchant mind, commercial attitude
behekst	a		bewitched, hexed, put under a magical spell; jinxed, burdened with bad luck
koopavond	n	de · mv. koopavonden	an evening on which shops are open late, usually until nine or ten o'clock
koopzondag	n	de · mv. koopzondagen	an Sunday on which shops are open
handelsgeest	n	de	a mercantile mindset, the disposition of a trader, an entrepreneurial spirit
huishoudelijk	a		domestic, related to housekeeping; internal, concerning arrangements, rules within an organisation
nagelknipper	n	de · mv. nagelknippers	a nail clipper
openluchttheater	n	het · mv. openluchttheaters	an open air theatre; open air theatre; theatre that is performed outside
atletiekbaan	n	de · mv. atletiekbanen	an athletics track, a running track
nagelschaar	n	de · mv. nagelscharen	a pair of nail scissors
nagelvijl	n	de · mv. nagelvijlen	a nail file
moordwapen	n	het · mv. moordwapens	a murder weapon
vluchtwagen	n	de · mv. vluchtwagens	a getaway car
waagstuk	n	het · mv. waagstukken	a piece or feat of daring, a gamble
teamwerk	n	het	teamwork (cooperative effort of a team)
stroopnagel	n	de · mv. stroopnagels	a finger nail soiled by sticking dirt
teamspeler	n	de · mv. teamspelers	team player (person who functions effectively as a part of a group)
teamgenoot	n	de · mv. teamgenoten	a teammate, member of the same team
rouwnagel	n	de · mv. rouwnagels	a finger nail darkened by sticking dirt
filtreren	v	filtreerde – gefiltreerd	to filter, to filtrate
luchtfilter	n	de/het · mv. luchtfilters	an air filter
filtratie	n	de · mv. filtraties	filtration, the process or activity of filtrating
basisgrammatica	n	de · mv. basisgrammatica's	basic grammar, essential grammar (fundamental level of grammar of a lect); basic grammar, essential grammar (publication discussing the fundamental…
basisbetekenis	n	de · mv. basisbetekenissen	basic meaning
Gallo-Romaans	a		Gallo-Romance
Gallo-Romaans	m		Gallo-Romance
Gallo-Romeins	a		Gallo-Roman
smokkelwaar	n	de · mv. smokkelwaren	contraband, smuggled goods
banketstaaf	n	de · mv. banketstaven	a bar-shaped pastry made of almond paste and puff pastry
weerstaanbaar	a		resistible; susceptible to being opposed or resisted
banketletter	n	de · mv. banketletters	a pastry made of almond paste and puff pastry shaped in the form of a letter…
buitenschools	a		outside of school hours; outside formal education
berenmuts	n	de · mv. berenmutsen	a tall ceremonial hat, covered in bear fur, traditionally/historically worn…
Nieuwkoop	m		a village and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Zijl	m		a short river in South Holland near Leiden between the Oude Rijn and the…
Nederrijn	m		a river and arm of the Rhine in Gelderland and Utrecht, running from the…
Kinderdijk	m		a village in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
stierenmarkt	n	de · mv. stierenmarkten	a bull market, where dominance of buyers causes stock prices to rise in general
berenmarkt	n	de · mv. berenmarkten	a bear market, where dominance of sellers causes stock prices to fall in general
sinterklaassurprise	n	de · mv. sinterklaassurprises	a gift wrapped in an ingenious or creative manner; often given anonymously…
vierendelen	v	vierendeelde – gevierendeeld	to quarter, divide in four parts; to draw and quarter, execute by pulling the victim's limbs in different…
varkensstal	n	de · mv. varkensstallen	a pigsty, a stable where pigs are kept; a pigsty, a particularly disorderly and/or filthy place
vierendeling	n	de · mv. vierendelingen	execution by drawing and quartering
markteconomie	n	de · mv. markteconomieën	market economy
banenmarkt	n	de · mv. banenmarkten	a job market; a job fair
marktdag	n	de · mv. marktdagen	a market day
wereldmarkt	n	de · mv. wereldmarkten	global market
ontwenningsverschijnsel	n	het · mv. ontwenningsverschijnselen	a withdrawal symptom
nijdnagel	n	de · mv. nijdnagels	a hangnail, an agnail; a rivet
kredietmarkt	n	de · mv. kredietmarkten	a credit market
stierkalf	n	het · mv. stierkalveren	a male calf
antiekmarkt	n	de · mv. antiekmarkten	an antiques market, an antique market, a market for antiques
ontwenning	n	de · mv. ontwenningen	the process of becoming not unused (unaccustomed) to something; withdrawal
strijdros	n	het · mv. strijdrossen	a horse for battle, a warrior's steed
pelsmantel	n	de · mv. pelsmantels	a fur coat
pelsmuts	n	de · mv. pelsmutsen	a fur hat or - cap
katmens	n	de · mv. katmensen	a catperson, fictitious creature combining human and feline properties
kerstmuts	n	de · mv. kerstmutsen	Santa hat
begrotingsnorm	n	de · mv. begrotingsnormen	a standard by which a fiscal policy is judged, e.g. set by the EMU to…
bestuursorgaan	n	het · mv. bestuursorganen	any board or specific official with a defined role within a formal…
decentralisatie	n	de · mv. decentralisaties	decentralisation
decreteren	v	decreteerde – gedecreteerd	to decree
decriminaliseren	v	decriminaliseerde – gedecriminaliseerd	to decriminalise
grensgeval	n	het · mv. grensgevallen	borderline case
deductie	n	de · mv. deducties	deduction
Waddinxveen	m		a town and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
jaarring	n	de · mv. jaarringen	growth ring, annual ring; analogous layer in continuously growing animal organs, as on scales or horns
deeltjesfysicus	n	de · mv. deeltjesfysici	a particle physicist
rockmuziek	n	de	rock music
kerkmuziek	n	de	church music
muziekles	n	de · mv. muzieklessen	music lesson; music class
muziekschool	n	de · mv. muziekscholen	a music school
muziekgenre	n	het · mv. muziekgenres	a music genre, a musical genre
feitenchecker	n	de · mv. feitencheckers	fact checker
omzagen	v	zaagde om – omgezaagd	to cut down by sawing
berenpels	n	de · mv. berenpelsen	a bearskin, the fur of a bear
geldbuidel	n	de · mv. geldbuidels	a purse to carry hard cash in, a money pouch
berenvacht	n	de · mv. berenvachten	a bearskin, the fur of a bear
kapucijnaap	n	de · mv. kapucijnapen	a capuchin monkey, monkey of the subfamily Cebinae
veldmuis	n	de · mv. veldmuizen	common vole (Microtus arvalis)
handboek	n	het · mv. handboeken	a handbook, topically organized book of reference on a certain field,…; a manual
vervolgstudie	n	de · mv. vervolgstudies	a study which starts from the results of a preliminary study in the same…; a study (e.g. an academic education) that one attends after a previous, more…
dwarsader	n	de · mv. dwarsaders	crossvein (vein of an insect wing)
brossen	v	broste – gebrost	to wag, ditch school
dopper	n	de · mv. doppers	a dole beneficiary; one who enjoys unemployment benefits
speelveld	n	het · mv. speelvelden	a playing field in sports; the playing field, set of rules and conditions within which a 'game' such as…
woelmuis	n	de · mv. woelmuizen	a vole, small rodent of the subfamily Arvicolinae
competitiesport	n	de · mv. competitiesporten	any competitive sport, which opposes either individual players or teams; the practice of (a) sport in the framework of a competition, such as a…
tuchtstraf	n	de · mv. tuchtstraffen	a disciplinary punishment, which is handled internally, as opposed to…
bontmantel	n	de · mv. bontmantels	a fur coat; a fur cloak
souperen	v	soupeerde – gesoupeerd	to take supper, to eat in the evening
maaltijdcheque	n	de · mv. maaltijdcheques	a meal voucher, a sum as part of a salary that can only be spent on food
Ghanees	a		Ghanaian, of, from or pertaining to Ghana or the Ghanaian people
Ghanees	n	de · mv. Ghanezen	a Ghanaian, person from Ghana or of Ghanaian descent
Oost-Afrika	m		East Africa (a geographic region encompassing the eastern part of Africa,…
Centraal-Afrika	m		Central Africa (a core geographic region of Africa which includes Burundi,…; Central African Republic (a country in Central Africa)
Midden-Afrika	m		Central Africa (a core geographic region of Africa which includes Burundi,…
Midden-Afrikaan	n	het · mv. Midden-Afrikanen	a person from or having his roots in the Equatorial subcontinent Central Africa
sluipvlieg	n	de · mv. sluipvliegen	a parasitic fly belonging to family Tachinidae
luchtsteun	n	de	air support
zeewering	n	de · mv. zeeweringen	a coastal-defence barrier, such as a group of dunes or a sea wall
aardbeivlinder	n	de · mv. aardbeivlinders	grizzled skipper (Pyrgus malvae)
Spaans-Amerika	m		Hispanic America, the former Spanish colonies in the Americas where Spanish…
Tweestromenland	m		Mesopotamia (a geographic region in southwest Asia, spanning from the rivers…; Mesopotamia (a former province of the Roman Empire, existing from 116 to 117…
timesharen	v		to time-share
jaaropbrengst	n	de · mv. jaaropbrengsten	an annual yield, either in a given year or per annum
fokprogramma	n	het · mv. fokprogramma's	a program to coordinate breeding animals to select, genetically improve or…
jaaromzet	n	de · mv. jaaromzetten	an economic entity's annual turnover, either in a given year or per annum
jaarproductie	n	de · mv. jaarproducties	an annual production, output either in a given year or per annum
productiejaar	n	het · mv. productiejaren	the year of manufacturing, when something was produced
West-Afrikaan	n	de · mv. West-Afrikanen	a West African, person from West Africa or of West African descent
Oost-Afrikaan	n	de · mv. Oost-Afrikanen	an East African, person from East Africa or of East African descent
Sub-Saharaan	n	de · mv. Sub-Saharanen	a Subsaharan, person from the Subsahara or of Subsaharan descent
kerstslinger	n	de · mv. kerstslingers	a Christmas garland
feestslinger	n	de · mv. feestslingers	a festive garland, a line with streamers or similar decoration
smeedwerk	n	het · mv. smeedwerken	a forged piece of metal; forged metal in general
maanjaar	n	het · mv. maanjaren	a lunar year
stemacteur	n	de · mv. stemacteurs	a voice actor
glaswerk	n	het	glasswork, objects made from glass
blokverkaveling	n	de · mv. blokverkavelingen	the subdivision of parcels of (especially agricultural) land in more or less…
verkaveling	n	de · mv. verkavelingen	the allotment or distribution of land parcels, particularly of agricultural land; the division of items or real estate into lots, e.g. for auctions
schuiftrompet	n	de · mv. schuiftrompetten	a slide trumpet; a trombone
trompetzwaan	n	de · mv. trompetzwanen	trumpeter swan (Cygnus buccinator)
oneetbaar	a		inedible, not fit for consumption
onbespoten	a		not having been sprayed with (synthetic) pesticides
fluitzwaan	n	de · mv. fluitzwanen	whistling swan (Cygnus columbianus)
monoliet	n	de/het · mv. monolieten	monolith (structure made from one stone or rock); monolith (something undifferentiated)
monoliet	a		monolithic (made of one stone or rock)
energieslurper	n	de · mv. energieslurpers	something, such as an appliance or industry, that consumes a very large…; a person whom one finds particularly exhausting (usually used in low-brow…
gedachtewisseling	n	de · mv. gedachtewisselingen	exchange of views, discourse, discussion
warmtepomp	n	de · mv. warmtepompen	a heat pump
halogeenlamp	n	de · mv. halogeenlampen	a halogen lamp
armatuur	n	de/het · mv. armaturen	a fixture, particularly for a light; a luminaire
dimbaar	a		dimmable
stekkerblok	n	het · mv. stekkerblokken	a power strip, a multisocket, an extension block
spouwmuur	n	de · mv. spouwmuren	a cavity wall
wandarmatuur	n	de/het · mv. wandarmaturen	a wall fixture, particularly for a light; a wall luminaire
halogeenlicht	n	het · mv. halogeenlichten	the light from a halogen lamp; a halogen light source
stemactrice	n	de · mv. stemactrices	a female voice actor
straalzender	n	de · mv. straalzenders	a radio transmitter, a microwave transmitter
vochtdoorslag	n	de	moisture that passes through a barrier like a wall
oneetbaarheid	a		inedibility, the quality of not being fit for consumption
energiemeter	n	de · mv. energiemeters	an energy meter (usually referring to both electricity meters and gas meters)
sportveld	n	het · mv. sportvelden	a sports field
voetbalveld	n	het · mv. voetbalvelden	a football pitch, a football field; a field for playing association football
veldgeschut	n	het	field artillery
handbalveld	n	het · mv. handbalvelden	a handball field, a field for playing European handball
hockeyveld	n	het · mv. hockeyvelden	a hockey field, a field for playing field hockey
energievreter	n	de · mv. energievreters	something, such as an appliance or industry, that consumes a very large…; a person whom one finds particularly exhausting (usually used in low-brow…
graanveld	n	het · mv. graanvelden	a grain field, a corn field (field where cereal crops are cultivated)
veldlijn	n	de · mv. veldlijnen	a field line (line of constant strength in a physical field); a line delineating or dividing the playing field
voetbalclub	n	de · mv. voetbalclubs	a football club
voetbalvereniging	n	de · mv. voetbalverenigingen	a football association, a football club
oorlogsbuit	n	de	the spoils of war, what belligerents loot from the enemy
batteren	v	batterde – gebatterd	to batter, beat hard/repeatedly; to knock the weapon out of one's fencing opponent; to fight, rumble
trompetteren	v	trompetterde – getrompetterd	to make a loud, piercing noise, like a trumpet; to produce the loud noise of certain animals, notably elephant
spanningsveld	n	het · mv. spanningsvelden	an area of tension, a field of tension (some domain or subject matter where…; an electromagnetic field caused by a voltage differential
mengpaneel	n	het · mv. mengpanelen	mixing console
mengtafel	n	de · mv. mengtafels	mixing console
regeltafel	n	de · mv. regeltafels	a console with sliders for operating and mixing audio or light
premierbonus	n	de · mv. premierbonussen	the alleged electoral advantage of the Dutch coalition party that holds the…
surplusgoederen	n		surplus goods, goods which are available in excessive quantity
tuchtmaatregel	n	de · mv. tuchtmaatregelen	a disciplinary measure, which is taken internally, whether punitive or…
doellat	n	de · mv. doellatten	a crossbar
delegatie	n	de · mv. delegaties	a delegation
delicaat	a		delicate, fine
leerrijk	a		instructive, informative; causing one to learn a lot (of an experience); educational (“helping to…
boerengat	n	het · mv. boerengaten	a countryside backwater, remote hamlet
medeplichtigheid	n	de	the status of accessory; general complicity
rechtse	n	de · mv. rechtsen	a righthanded punch or blow; a rightwing or right party supporter
romein	n	de · mv. romeinen	the upright letter type roman
halsbrekend	a		breakneck, not unlikely to incur serious bodily injury; physically daring; acrobatic
kattenmens	n	de · mv. kattenmensen	a staunch catlover, who prefers feline company, at least to canine
hondenmens	n	de · mv. hondenmensen	a staunch doglover, who prefers canine company, at least to feline
zwartrok	n	de · mv. zwartrokken	a blackcoat, a Roman Catholic clergyman
ontbijtgranen	n		a breakfast cereal
graanoogst	n	het · mv. graanoogsten	a harvest of (a) cereal crop(s)
vetkuif	n	de · mv. vetkuiven	a greasy crest of hair, resulting from the liberal application of hair gel
sigarettenpapier	n	het	some or a sheet of very thin paper with a sticky edge, made to roll tobacco…
werkloosheidsuitkering	n	de · mv. werkloosheidsuitkeringen	unemployment benefit
beflapje	n	het · mv. beflapjes	dental dam, a thin piece of e.g. latex, used in oral sex to prevent…
visgerei	n	het	fishing gear
tochtvrij	a		draughtproof, free from draught
arbeidsongeschiktheidsuitkering	n	de · mv. arbeidsongeschiktheidsuitkeringen	a disability benefit paid to replace one's income after becoming unfit for…
zaalverlichting	n	de · mv. zaalverlichtingen	room lighting
modelbouw	n	de	modelbuilding, the making of miniatures; modelling, the construction of models, e.g. for a scientific purpose
modelbouwer	n	de · mv. modelbouwers	a model builder, a maker of miniatures
omwentelingsas	n	de · mv. omwentelingsassen	axis of rotation
kaften	v	kaftte – gekaft	to provide with a cover, to wrap a cover on
parkeerplek	n	de · mv. parkeerplekken	a parking space (space for one vehicle)
parkeerruimte	n	de · mv. parkeerruimtes	parking space (space for parking vehicles); a parking space (space for one or a few vehicles)
parkeerstrook	n	de · mv. parkeerstroken	a roadside strip of parking spaces
weesziekte	n	de · mv. weesziektes	an orphan disease
democratiseren	v	democratiseerde – gedemocratiseerd	to democratise
aftuiging	n	de · mv. aftuigingen	a severe beating
demonteren	v	demonteerde – gedemonteerd	to dismount, to disassemble
lanskorporaal	n	de · mv. lanskorporaals	a lance corporal, low (para)military rank, below corporal
spatiaal	a		spatial
ruimtelijk	a		spatial
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw	m		a municipality of Flemish Brabant, Belgium
binnenruimte	n	de · mv. binnenruimten	indoor space
authenticiteit	n	de	authenticity
echtheid	n	de	realness, reality; authenticity
buikriem	n	de · mv. buikriemen	the girth or cinch of a saddle
Godschalk	m		a male given name
djingeldjangel	n	de	irritating or bad-taste music
deobus	n	de · mv. deobussen	a can of deodorant
deserteur	n	de · mv. deserteurs	a deserter
desertie	n	de · mv. deserties	desertion
uitvaleinde	n	het · mv. uitvaleinden	the slot in the frame that accepts the axle of the wheel; dropout
teleophobie	n	de	teleophobia
doctoreren	v	doctoreerde – gedoctoreerd	to work on a doctorate; to attain a doctorate
detacheringsbureau	n	het · mv. detacheringsbureaus	a contracting agency
detachering	n	de · mv. detacheringen	deployment of labour, contracting
Afro-Vlaming	n	de · mv. Afro-Vlamingen	a Fleming with African roots
Afro-Nederlander	n	de · mv. Afro-Nederlanders	a Dutch person with African roots
ftalaat	n	het · mv. ftalaten	phthalate
Bronkhorst	m		a city and former municipality of Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands; a surname
Hilhorst	m		a surname
Stompwijk	m		a village and former municipality of Leidschendam-Voorburg, South Holland,…
Reinders	m		a surname
Besselink	m		a surname
Hesselink	m		a surname
Klinkenberg	m		a hamlet in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Teylingen, South Holland, Netherlands; a surname
Wesselink	m		a surname
Vlaar	m		a surname
silhouet	n	het · mv. silhouetten	silhouette
Afro-Belg	n	de · mv. Afro-Belgen	a Belgian with African roots
klusjesman	n	de · mv. klusjesmannen	a handyman (a man who does many small manual tasks, such as repairs)
boerenkinkel	n	de · mv. boerenkinkels	a yokel, a boor
grondbeginsel	n	het · mv. grondbeginsels	a foundational principle, a basic principle, an essential principle
Belarussisch	m		the Belarusian language
Belarussisch	a		Belarusian
schildersezel	n	de · mv. schildersezels	an easel (frame for supporting a painter's canvas)
grafkelder	n	de · mv. grafkelders	a crypt, a burial vault
plakboek	n	het · mv. plakboeken	a scrapbook
fotolijst	n	de · mv. fotolijsten	a picture frame
projectie	n	de · mv. projecties	a projection, the casting of an image or a shadow; an image thus created; a projection (creation of a figure by drawing lines through a fixed…
supergroep	n	de · mv. supergroepen	a supergroup (group of star musicians who are known from work in other,…
speculaaspop	n	de · mv. speculaaspoppen	a speculoos biscuit, usually quite large, in the shape of a person
gevroten	a		eaten, gobbled-up
fotoboek	n	het · mv. fotoboeken	a professional print photo book; a photo album
gezelschapsspel	n	het · mv. gezelschapsspellen	a game for multiple players that is not a video game, e.g. a party game or a…
rapformatie	n	de · mv. rapformaties	rap group
massaslachting	n	de · mv. massaslachtingen	mass slaughter
slachting	n	de · mv. slachtingen	slaughter, killing or severe wounding of multiple people; slaughter, butchering (killing of animals, usually for meat)
kerstverhaal	n	het · mv. kerstverhalen	Nativity story; any Christmas story
kerstversiering	n	de · mv. kerstversieringen	(piece of) Christmas decoration
kerstgedachte	n	de · mv. kerstgedachten	Christmas spirit, seasonal goodwill, Christmas cheer (the notion that…
mammoettanker	n	de · mv. mammoettankers	a supertanker (large tanker ship)
olietanker	n	de · mv. olietankers	an oil tanker
stemmingswisseling	n	de · mv. stemmingswisselingen	a mood swing
scheenbeschermer	n	de · mv. scheenbeschermers	a shinguard, a shin pad
staafdiagram	n	het · mv. staafdiagrammen	a bar chart
dialyseren	v	dialyseerde – gedialyseerd	to dialyse
dialectgroep	n	de · mv. dialectgroepen	a dialect group (larger grouping of dialects, usually by similarity or…
tweegesprek	n	het · mv. tweegesprekken	a dialogue, a conversation between two interlocutors
dialogisch	a		dialogical, dialogic
monoloog	n	de · mv. monologen	monologue
diascoop	n	de · mv. diascopen	a slide projector
diastolisch	a		diastolic
dictie	n	de · mv. dicties	diction, way of expressing oneself; articulation, enunciation
dicteren	v	dicteerde – gedicteerd	to dictate, to say words so that someone else can write them; to dictate, to impose demands
diatheek	n	de · mv. diatheken	a slide library, a collection of slides (for a slide projector)
minibieb	n	de · mv. minibiebs	a public bookcase
minibibliotheek	n	de · mv. minibibliotheken	a public bookcase; a tiny library
deelpachter	n	de · mv. deelpachters	sharecropper
Vandaal	n	de · mv. Vandalen	Vandal (member of the Germanic tribe)
deelpacht	n	de · mv. deelpachten	a lease agreement in which a tenant farmer pays a share of the harvested…
bittergarnituur	n	het · mv. bittergarnituren	an assortment of deep-fried snacks
nucleair	a		nuclear (pertaining to a nucleus, chiefly of an atom or a cell)
informatiemaatschappij	n	de · mv. informatiemaatschappijen	information society
informatiebeveiliging	n	de · mv. informatiebeveiligingen	information security
strokenverkaveling	n	de · mv. strokenverkavelingen	the subdivision of parcels of (especially agricultural) land in narrow,…
essenstoof	n	de · mv. essenstoven	an ash tree that is knotted at a height between a foot and half a metre,…
opoefiets	n	de · mv. opoefietsen	an old-fashioned model of bicycle without gears, especially with a frame for…
Schaarbeek	m		Schaerbeek (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region, Belgium)
Mander	m		a hamlet in Tubbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
werkwoordstijd	n	de · mv. werkwoordstijden	a verb tense
wegsleepregeling	n	de · mv. wegsleepregelingen	a policy to tow away vehicles that have been parked incorrectly
foutparkeerder	n	de · mv. foutparkeerders	someone who has parked a vehicle in a location where parking is not allowed
doorverbinden	v	verbond door – doorverbonden	to put through (to connect a telephone caller with intended callee)
anglistiek	n	de	English studies
vierwielaandrijving	n	de	four-wheel drive
straaljagerpiloot	n	de · mv. straaljagerpiloten	a jet fighter pilot
langstudeerder	n	de · mv. langstudeerders	a student who has graduated at least a year later than the nominal term set…
loslopen	v	liep los – losgelopen	to walk without support; to walk or roam unrestrained; to run its course, to have a good outcome
asbelt	n	de · mv. asbelten	a dumpsite, a trash heap
Pey	m		a village in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
differentiequotiënt	n	het · mv. differentiequotiënten	difference quotient
diftongeren	v	diftongeerde – gediftongeerd	to diphthongise
vacuümtoilet	n	het · mv. vacuümtoiletten	a vacuum toilet
burgemeesterschap	n	het · mv. burgemeesterschappen	mayorship
paneermeel	n	het	dried breadcrumbs used as an ingredient or as a coating before deep-frying
knieschijf	n	de · mv. knieschijven	kneecap
broekzak	n	de · mv. broekzakken	pocket, trouser pocket
staatsgodsdienst	n	de · mv. staatsgodsdiensten	state religion
groeihormoon	n	het · mv. groeihormonen	growth hormone
staatsvrouw	n	de · mv. staatsvrouwen	stateswoman
staatspensioen	n	het · mv. staatspensioenen	a retirement pension provided by the state
staatsinmenging	n	de · mv. staatsinmengingen	state intervention, government intervention
staatseigendom	n	het · mv. staatseigendommen	state property, state possession; state ownership
staatsbedrijf	n	het · mv. staatsbedrijven	state-owned enterprise
discodip	n	de	hundreds and thousands, nonpareils (small, multicoloured pellets of sugar)
discobal	n	de · mv. discoballen	disco ball
discriminatie	n	de · mv. discriminaties	discrimination (different treatment based on demographic or other…
discoursanalyse	n	de · mv. discoursanalyses	discourse analysis
discutabel	a		discutable, debatable
dispuut	n	het · mv. disputen	a dispute, a quarrel; a club that is part of a student society, made up of people with shared…
bediscussiëren	v	bediscussieerde – bediscussieerd	to discuss
inmenging	n	de · mv. inmengingen	involvement, intervention, intrusion, interference; admixture
rijstbal	n	de · mv. rijstballen	a rice ball
kersttoespraak	n	de · mv. kersttoespraken	Christmas speech
staatsgevaarlijk	a		dangerous to the state, subversive
geurkaars	n	de · mv. geurkaarsen	a scented candle
drijfkaars	n	de · mv. drijfkaarsen	a floating candle
nicodemiet	n	de · mv. nicodemieten	a Nicodemite (secret adherent)
sluitspier	n	de · mv. sluitspieren	sphincter (band of muscle)
dodecafonist	n	de · mv. dodecafonisten	a dodecaphonist, practitioner or proponent of dodecaphony, i.e. use of the…
dodenlijst	n	de · mv. dodenlijsten	hit list (list of people intended to be killed)
doei-doei	i		bye-bye; synonym of doei
onheilsprofeet	n	de · mv. onheilsprofeten	prophet of doom, doomsayer
doetje	n	het · mv. doetjes	a softie, a weak-willed or cowardly person
dominicaans	a		Dominican (pertaining to the Dominican order)
Dominicaans	a		Dominican (pertaining to the Dominican Republic)
Dominicaanse	n	de · mv. Dominicaansen	Dominican (female from the Dominican Republic)
donskussen	n	het · mv. donskussens	a pillow or cushion stuffed with down
dierentemmer	n	de · mv. dierentemmers	animal tamer
schilderdoek	n	het · mv. schilderdoeken	a painter's canvas
getijdendok	n	het · mv. getijdendokken	a dock connected to a body of water whose water level is strongly affected…
dollarteken	n	het · mv. dollartekens	a dollar sign
Réveil	m		a conservative revivalist movement in Reformed churches during the first…
hedgefonds	n	het · mv. hedgefondsen	hedge fund
doorlaatbaar	a		permeable
doorwaden	v	doorwaadde – doorwaad	to wade through
wederdoop	n	de	rebaptism (repeated baptism)
wederdopers	a		Anabaptist
ondoorgrondelijk	a		inscrutable, incomprehensible
doorzetster	n	de · mv. doorzetsters	a female go-getter, a woman who persists or perseveres
doopsel	n	het · mv. doopsels	baptism
dosering	n	de · mv. doseringen	dosage
dorsschuur	n	de · mv. dorsschuren	a barn containing a threshing floor
doorzetting	n	de · mv. doorzettingen	the act of persevering, persisting
eierdop	n	de · mv. eierdoppen	an eggshell; an eggcup
lucifersdoos	n	de · mv. lucifersdozen	a matchbox (cardboard box in which matches are stored)
poederdoos	n	de · mv. poederdozen	a compact (case containing cosmetic powder)
sinjo	n	de · mv. sinjo's	a man of partly native Indonesian and partly European descent
draaiingshoek	n	de · mv. draaiingshoeken	angle of rotation
dronkenlap	n	de · mv. dronkenlappen	drunkard, boozer
ondragelijk	a		unbearable, intolerable
dragelijkheid	n	de	bearableness
hoestdrank	n	de · mv. hoestdranken	cough syrup
hondspeterselie	n	de · mv. hondspeterselies	fool's parsley (Aethusa cynapium)
zevenblad	n	het · mv. zevenbladen	ground elder (Aegopodium podagraria)
inklinken	v	klonk in – ingeklonken	to settle, to compress due to drying; to rivet
inklinking	n	de · mv. inklinkingen	settling, compression due to drying
meetstation	n	het · mv. meetstations	a measuring station
kleefkruid	n	het	cleavers (plant), Galium aparine
akkerwinde	n	de · mv. akkerwinden	field bindweed (Convolvulus arvensis)
haagwinde	n	de · mv. haagwinden	hedge bindweed, Rutland beauty (Calystegia sepium syn. Convulvulus sepium)
vuurwerkslachtoffer	n	het · mv. vuurwerkslachtoffers	someone who has been injured by fireworks
meubelboulevard	n	de · mv. meubelboulevards	a spacious shopping area with many furniture stores, DIY stores and various…
oorzakelijk	a		causal
doxen	v	doxte – gedoxt	to doxx
donorland	n	het · mv. donorlanden	donor country
dreigmail	n	de · mv. dreigmails	an email containing threats
dreigement	n	het · mv. dreigementen	a threat (expression in which one threatens somebody)
driebandenspel	n	het	three-cushion billiards, three-cushion carom
vuurwerkbom	n	de · mv. vuurwerkbommen	a homemade explosive constructed from fireworks
vuurwerkletsel	n	het	Injuries caused by fireworks
ladderzat	a		extremely drunk, pissed
drommels	a		difficult, hard, tricky; darned, devilish
drommels	i		darn, the devil, tarnation (rather mild profanity)
hondendrol	n	de · mv. hondendrollen	a dog turd, a dog dropping
dagdroom	n	de · mv. dagdromen	daydream
dagdromen	v	dagdroomde – gedagdroomd	to daydream
dromerig	a		dreamy
wasdroger	n	de · mv. wasdrogers	clothes dryer (appliance for drying clothes)
avonddronk	n	de · mv. avonddronken	an alcoholic drink that is drunk in the evening, like an evening toast
droplul	n	de · mv. droplullen	a clumsy, stupid or incompetent person; a loser, nincompoop, fuckwit
droogstoppel	n	de · mv. droogstoppels	a boring, unimaginative person, usually a man
droogkloot	n	de · mv. droogkloten	a boring, emotionless and humourless person, usually a man; someone with a dry, deadpan sense of humour
voorraaddoos	n	de · mv. voorraaddozen	a box for storing food supplies, a provision box
troela	n	de · mv. troela's	a woman or girl
fietsdynamo	n	de · mv. fietsdynamo's	a bicycle dynamo
honderdduizend	u		hundred thousand
dwangarbeider	n	de · mv. dwangarbeiders	forced labourer
tweekamp	n	de · mv. tweekampen	a duel, especially in the context of an ordeal or a feud
tweegevecht	n	het · mv. tweegevechten	a duel; also any fight (physical, mental or figurative) between two combatants
diepzeeduiker	n	de · mv. diepzeeduikers	a deep diver, a deep-sea diver
duimbreed	n	het	an inch
Münsterland	n	het	Münsterland
doormaken	v	maakte door – doorgemaakt	to go through, to experience
dvd-speler	n	de · mv. dvd-spelers	DVD player
peddelen	v	peddelde – gepeddeld	to paddle (to propel through water)
nummeren	v	nummerde – genummerd	to number (to provide or mark with numbers)
lofrede	n	de · mv. lofreden	a panegyric
panseksualiteit	n	de	pansexuality
denkkader	n	het · mv. denkkaders	a framework of thinking
parabolisch	a		parabolic
nauwgezet	a		precise, meticulous; conscientious
parasiteren	v	parasiteerde – geparasiteerd	to parasitise
partitie	n	de · mv. partities	partition, especially of territory; partition (separately formatted section of a hard disk)
procentueel	a		percentual
mengelmoes	n	de/het · mv. mengelmoezen	mixture, hodgepodge, something varied
krijgsolifant	n	de · mv. krijgsolifanten	war elephant
parafrase	n	de · mv. parafrasen	paraphrase
perceptie	n	de · mv. percepties	perception
dwarslaesie	n	de · mv. dwarslaesies	paraplegia
patristiek	n	de	patristics (study of early non-Biblical Christian literature, especially by…
Parakleet	m		Paraclete (title of the Holy Ghost)
hersenbreker	n	de · mv. hersenbrekers	a particularly difficult puzzle or problem
aanwinst	n	de · mv. aanwinsten	acquisition, addition, gain (something that has been acquired)
snoeischaar	n	de · mv. snoeischaren	a pair of pruning shears
kwistig	a		generous, giving or spending liberally
presidentieel	a		presidential
ontheiliging	n	de · mv. ontheiligingen	desecration
besluitvorming	n	de · mv. besluitvormingen	decision making
verpulveren	v	verpulverde – verpulverd	to annihilate, to pulverise
verpulvering	n	de	annihilation, pulverisation
defectief	a		defective (having defects); defective (lacking certain inflected forms); defective (spelt without matres lectionis)
toewijding	n	de · mv. toewijdingen	dedication, act or process of dedicating; dedication, loyalty, state of being dedicated to someone or something
desolaat	a		desolate, deserted
ragfijn	a		very fine, very delicate or subtle
achteruitgang	n	de · mv. achteruitgangen	deterioration, worsening, decline; back exit
defragmenteren	v	defragmenteerde – gedefragmenteerd	to defragment
ornaat	n	het	priestly vestment; ostentatious formal clothing; pageantry, ornamentation
statiegeld	n	het	deposit(s) (chiefly on bottles or other food containers)
vaccinatiecampagne	n	de · mv. vaccinatiecampagnes	vaccination campaign
geochronologie	n	de	geochronology
soggen	v	sogde – gesogd	to procrastinate studying
anderstalige	n	de · mv. anderstaligen	someone whose native language is different from that of a given group
eclatant	a		eclatant (striking, dazzling)
Ezechiël	m		Ezekiel (Judahite prophet during the Babylonian Captivity, Biblical character); Ezekiel (book of the Hebrew Bible)
niewers	d		nowhere
morgenochtend	d		tomorrow morning
Daas	m		a surname
huidvraat	n	de	a scaly skin condition, traditionally associated with leprosy
tofsport	n	de · mv. tofsporten	recreational sports
topsport	n	de · mv. topsporten	highest level of professional sports
profsport	n	de · mv. profsporten	professional sports
volheid	n	de	fullness
vadermoorder	n	de · mv. vadermoorders	father-slayer, patricide (person); stiff wing collar
vadermoordenaar	n	de · mv. vadermoordenaars	father-slayer, patricide (person); stiff wing collar
moedermoordenaar	n	de · mv. moedermoordenaars	mother-slayer, matricide (person)
kuiter	n	de · mv. kuiters	a spawner or henfish, a female fish
kiescollege	n	het · mv. kiescolleges	electoral college
bezorgdienst	n	de · mv. bezorgdiensten	delivery service
maaltijdbezorging	n	de · mv. maaltijdbezorgingen	meal delivery
maaltijdbezorger	n	de · mv. maaltijdbezorgers	a delivery person who delivers meals
videogesprek	n	het · mv. videogesprekken	video call
telefoongesprek	n	het · mv. telefoongesprekken	telephone call
gezinsplanning	n	de	family planning
Capitool	m		Capitol (legislative building in Washington D.C.)
kwetsbaarheid	n	de · mv. kwetsbaarheden	vulnerability; weak spot, vulnerable spot
besmettelijkheid	n	de	contagiousness
liefdesmaal	n	het · mv. liefdesmalen	love feast (communal meal held by pietists and some other Christian groups,…
batterijkip	n	de · mv. batterijkippen	a battery chicken
legbatterij	n	de · mv. legbatterijen	a battery cage
zagevent	n	de · mv. zageventen	a male whiner, a man who regularly complains or whinges
zagewijf	n	het · mv. zagewijven	a female whiner, a woman who regularly complains or whinges
zaniker	n	de · mv. zanikers	a whiner, a complainer, a crybaby
zagemie	n	de · mv. zagemies	a female whiner, a woman who regularly complains or whinges
mieke	n	het · mv. miekes	girl, young woman
wereldal	n	het · mv. wereldallen	universe
Marij	m		a female given name
Bastiaansen	m		a surname
Abbink	m		a surname
Knol	m		a surname
veraangenamen	v	veraangenaamde – veraangenaamd	to make more pleasant
zagevrouw	n	de · mv. zagevrouwen	a female whiner, a woman who regularly complains or whinges
straalkachel	n	de · mv. straalkachels	an electrical radiative space heater
figuurzaag	n	de · mv. figuurzagen	fretsaw
burn-out	n	de · mv. burn-outs	burnout (experience of long-term exhaustion and diminished interest)
ziekteverloop	n	het	the progression of a disease
poppemie	n	de · mv. poppemies	doll; female darling, sweetheart; a beautiful, dolled-up girl or young woman
schattemie	n	de · mv. schattemies	female darling, sweetheart
babbelmie	n	de · mv. babbelmies	female chatterbox
plasangst	n	de · mv. plasangsten	the inability to urinate in the presence of others; paruresis
plasvrees	n	de · mv. plasvresen	the inability to urinate in the presence of others; paruresis
keuzevak	n	het · mv. keuzevakken	an elective course or subject; a checkbox
opperpriester	n	de · mv. opperpriesters	highest-ranking high priest; pontiff, hierarch
onderpriester	n	de · mv. onderpriesters	lower-ranking priest; curate, chaplain
tempelpriester	n	de · mv. tempelpriesters	temple priest
priesterin	n	de · mv. priesterinnen	priestess
hulppriester	n	de · mv. hulppriesters	curate, chaplain, assistant minister
ruimtevaarster	n	de · mv. ruimtevaarsters	a female astronaut
kosmonaute	n	de · mv. kosmonautes	a female cosmonaut (a female astronaut, usually a Russian or Soviet one)
verluiden	v	verluidde – verluid	to toll (to ring (a bell) slowly and repeatedly)
ruimtepak	n	het · mv. ruimtepakken	a space suit (suit worn in outer space)
oxaalzuur	n	het	oxalic acid
ziekenbroeder	n	de · mv. ziekenbroeders	a male medical nurse
heelvlees	n	het	flesh that recovers quickly from injury
geneesvlees	n	het	flesh that recovers quickly from injury
natuurstenen	a		consisting of natural stone
dierenpension	n	het · mv. dierenpensions	a pet hotel, a pet boarding facility
poezebeest	n	het · mv. poezebeesten	cat
vuurberg	n	de · mv. vuurbergen	volcano
belleman	n	de · mv. bellemannen	a bellman, a (male) town crier
stadsomroeper	n	de · mv. stadsomroepers	a (male) town crier, a bellman
menigerlei	t		many, of many sorts or types
grammaticaregel	n	de · mv. grammaticaregels	grammatical rule, grammar rule
spraakkunstregel	n	de · mv. spraakkunstregels	grammatical rule, grammar rule
koelbloedig	a		calm, equanimous; cold-blooded, unemotioned
warmbloedig	a		warm-blooded, endothermic; hot-blooded, rash
koelbloedigheid	n	de	sangfroid, composure
bruikleen	n	het · mv. bruiklenen	temporary loan of an object, in order for it to be used; commodate
twk	n	de	salary or pension paid in arrears; backdated payrise or bonus
portfoliocarrière	n	de · mv. portfoliocarrières	a career involving several simultaneous part-time jobs; a portfolio career
arrestatiegolf	n	de · mv. arrestatiegolven	a wave of arrests
rattenlijn	n	de · mv. rattenlijnen	ratline (escape route or element in a network used by Nazis and other…
hoofdschuldige	n	de · mv. hoofdschuldigen	main culprit
plaatsbeschrijving	n	de · mv. plaatsbeschrijvingen	inventory of fixtures
snijwond	n	de · mv. snijwonden	a cut, an incision (wound made by cutting)
hogepriesterschap	n	het	highpriesthood (state, office or term of being a high priest)
epidemioloog	n	de · mv. epidemiologen	epidemiologist
epidemiologe	n	de · mv. epidemiologes	female epidemiologist
statushouder	n	de · mv. statushouders	a person with a residence permit, usually in relation to asylum
probleemgezin	n	het · mv. probleemgezinnen	a dysfunctional family that causes social problems
versoepeling	n	de · mv. versoepelingen	easing, relaxation (of regulations, restrictions, etc.)
IJsselstein	m		a city and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
miscommunicatie	n	de · mv. miscommunicaties	miscommunication
paralympiër	n	de · mv. paralympiërs	Paralympian
speculatief	a		speculative, conjectural; speculative, pertaining to financial speculation
leegstand	n	de · mv. leegstanden	inoccupancy, vacancy (of buildings, rooms, etc.)
wrakstuk	n	het · mv. wrakstukken	a piece of debris, a piece of wreckage
ziekteverzuim	n	het · mv. ziekteverzuimen	absence due to illness
roffiaan	n	de · mv. roffianen	a pimp; a villain, ruffian
bewaarschool	n	de · mv. bewaarscholen	a school providing early education for toddlers and young schoolchildren…
turbulentie	n	de · mv. turbulenties	turbulence
bipolair	a		bipolar
V.O.C.	m		dated spelling of VOC
loopgraafkat	n	de · mv. loopgraafkatten	a trench cavalier (raised firing platform near a trench, used in particular…
franchepane	n	de · mv. franchepanes	frangipani (Plumeria rubra); nonsense, malarkey
orgelbouwer	n	de · mv. orgelbouwers	an organ maker
onbestemdheid	n	de	the state of not being determined or not having a destiny; vagueness
ziekenhuiszorg	n	de	hospital care, healthcare provided by hospitals
zielzorg	n	de	pastoral care
Manoesj	n	de · mv. Manoesjen	Sinto (member of one of the five Romani tribes)
Manoesj	m		the Sinto variant of the Romani language
antiziganisme	n	het	antiziganism, antigypsyism (racism and discrimination against Romani people)
kaalkopje	n	het · mv. kaalkopjes	a liberty cap mushroom
goedertierenheid	n	de	lovingkindness
overlaten	v	liet over – overgelaten	to leave, to abandon; to leave over, to leave as a leftover
tunnelboormachine	n	de · mv. tunnelboormachines	tunnel boring machine (a large machine used to excavate tunnels with a…
vluggertje	n	het · mv. vluggertjes	a quickie (brief sexual encounter); a quickie (something made or done swiftly)
Sarnami	m		Surinamese Hindustani; the Surinamese variant of Caribbean Hindustani
wappie	n	de · mv. wappies	a fool who is so lost in their delusions, a weirdo; a crackpot, a conspiracy theorist
wappie	a		high (intoxicated by recreational drugs, esp. when found pleasant or comforting)
ontscheiding	n	de · mv. ontscheidingen	decision
viruswappie	n	de · mv. viruswappies	someone with crackpot beliefs about COVID-19, typically involving…
Pfaff-Duits	n	het	a poor command of the German language by a native Dutch language-speaker (so…
steenkolenduits	n	het	a poor command of the German language by a native Dutch language-speaker (so…
remming	n	de · mv. remmingen	the act of slowing down; inhibition
ontogenie	n	de	synonym of ontogenese (“ontogenesis”)
neofobie	n	de	neophobia; the fear or hatred of novelty, new things, innovation, or…
Woensdrecht	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
leerachterstand	n	de · mv. leerachterstanden	education deficit; the state of being behind in education
woonwagen	n	de · mv. woonwagens	a living wagon
woonwagenbewoner	n	de · mv. woonwagenbewoners	an inhabitant of a living wagon
schijnveiligheid	n	de	a false sense of security
stemvork	n	de · mv. stemvorken	a tuning fork
strijkbord	n	het · mv. strijkborden	strikeboard, moldboard
stugheid	n	de · mv. stugheden	stiffness, surliness, gruffness
omslagdoek	n	de · mv. omslagdoeken	shawl, wrap
arbeidsvoorwaarde	n	de · mv. arbeidsvoorwaarden	working condition
beeldmateriaal	n	het · mv. beeldmaterialen	imagery
grondstoffenvoorziening	n	de · mv. grondstoffenvoorzieningen	raw materials supply
hoofdkantoor	n	het · mv. hoofdkantoren	head office, headquarters
inkoper	n	de · mv. inkopers	buyer, purchaser (in a company)
marktpositie	n	de · mv. marktposities	market position
rockster	n	de · mv. rocksterren	rockstar
monitoren	v	monitorde – gemonitord	to monitor
nauwlettend	d		closely
toonaangevend	a		leading
ontadelen	v	ontadelde – ontadeld	to remove the nobility of; to degrade morally
ontbenen	v	ontbeende – ontbeend	to remove the bones of, to unbone, to debone
ontbloeien	v	ontbloeide – ontbloeid	to start to blossom
vlakglas	n	het	level, planar glass (e.g. in the form of panes)
gebiedsverbod	n	het · mv. gebiedsverboden	a ban on being present in an area, e.g. as a restraining order
ontkrimpen	v	ontkromp – ontkrompen	to unshrink, to restore something shrunken to its original size
ontzoeten	v	ontzoette – ontzoet	to unsweeten, to make less sweet
ontschuimen	v	ontschuimde – ontschuimd	to defoam, to unfoam, to remove the foam of
ontvlezen	v	ontvleesde – ontvleesd	to remove the meat of; to strip the flesh of
sleutelbos	n	de · mv. sleutelbossen	a set of keys kept together by one or more key rings or a key chain
ademhalingsprobleem	n	het · mv. ademhalingsproblemen	a breathing problem, a respiratory problem
e-biker	n	de · mv. e-bikers	e-biker
kabinetsval	n	de · mv. kabinetsvallen	the fall of a cabinet (end of a political administration)
ontwouden	v	ontwoudde – ontwoud	to deforest
gladdig	a		slippery
ontwekken	v	ontwekte – ontwekt	to wake up, to awaken
ontglanzen	v	ontglansde – ontglansd	to remove the shine from, to make dull
berading	n	de · mv. beradingen	deliberation, discussion
rekruteerder	n	de · mv. rekruteerders	recruiter
rekruteren	n		to recruit
inventiviteit	n	de	inventiveness
exponentieel	a		exponential
triskel	n	de · mv. triskels	a triskelion; a figure composed of three interlocked spirals (or three bent…; a hop variety known for its aromatic qualities
haatdragend	a		hateful (filled with hatred)
zaadvragend	a		sexually alluring, fuck-me 
Jorre	m		a male given name
zachtfruit	n	het	soft fruit; fruit that is relatively fragile and hence has a short shelf…; fruit that grows on bushes, such as berries, strawberries, and…
rijksgenoot	n	de · mv. rijksgenoten	coruler, coregent, joint ruler
hardfruit	n	het	hard fruit; fruit that is robust and hence has a relatively long shelf life,…; top fruit or hard fruit
struikfruit	n	het	soft fruit; fruit that grows on bushes, such as berries, strawberries, and…
boomfruit	n	het	top fruit or hard fruit; fruit that grows on trees, such as apples and pears
koffiefilter	n	de/het · mv. koffiefilters	coffee filter
ambtswoning	n	de · mv. ambtswoningen	official residence
schattigaard	n	de · mv. schattigaards	cutie
filterkoffie	n	de · mv. filterkoffies	filter coffee; a serving of filter coffee
scheurkalender	n	de · mv. scheurkalenders	tear-off calendar
zonnekalender	n	de · mv. zonnekalenders	solar calendar
maankalender	n	de · mv. maankalenders	lunar calendar
uitlaatgas	n	het · mv. uitlaatgassen	exhaust gas
uitlaatklep	n	de · mv. uitlaatkleppen	exhaust valve; outlet, anything that offers a relief, e.g. for emotions
uitlaatpijp	n	de · mv. uitlaatpijpen	exhaust pipe
hartklep	n	de · mv. hartkleppen	heart valve, cardiac valve
oogklep	n	de · mv. oogkleppen	blinker, blinder (contraption worn on the head blocking part of one's field…
vreugdevol	a		happy, joyful
ontroesten	v	ontroestte – ontroest	to derust, to remove rust from
ontromen	v	ontroomde – ontroomd	to decream, to remove cream from
ontsuikeren	v	ontsuikerde – ontsuikerd	to desugar, to remove sugar from
laadboom	n	de · mv. laadbomen	derrick, cargoboom
laadperron	n	het · mv. laadperrons	loading-platform
laadplaats	n	de · mv. laadplaatsen	loading berth
kruitvat	n	het · mv. kruitvaten	powder barrel
kwezel	n	de · mv. kwezels	a woman who is considered excessively devout; (by extension) any person…
jonggezel	n	de · mv. jonggezellen	bachelor
jonggezellin	n	de · mv. jonggezellinnen	bachelorette
vrijgezellin	n	de · mv. vrijgezellinnen	bachelorette
vetpot	n	de · mv. vetpotten	a lavish source or repository of riches or food; a pot containing fat, e.g. for cooking or lubricatting
grondpersoneel	n	het	ground staff, ground personnel
vereenzamen	v	vereenzaamde – vereenzaamd	to become lonely
islamoloog	n	de · mv. islamologen	Islamicist (scholar of Islam, from a secular academic perspective)
vergangenheid	n	de	past
zwad	n	het · mv. zwaden	swath, windrow
energiewende	n	de · mv. energiewendes	energy transition; the transition from a fossil fuel-based economy to a…
stremsel	n	het · mv. stremsels	rennet; an enzyme used as the first step in making cheese, to curdle the…
lijdenschap	n	de	suffering
difterie	n	de · mv. difterieën	diphtheria: A serious infectious disease leading to inflammation of mucous…
exces	n	het · mv. excessen	an excess, an excessive, transgressive action or condition; an excess (state of surpassing or going beyond a limit)
ontwaarden	v	ontwaardde – ontwaard	to devalue; to debase
onthaken	v	onthaakte – onthaakt	to unhook
aanplakzuil	n	de · mv. aanplakzuilen	Morris column
onthoornen	v	onthoornde – onthoornd	to remove the horns from
actiefoto	n	de · mv. actiefoto's	action shot
ontkerkelijken	v	ontkerkelijkte – ontkerkelijkt	to secularize, to make or become less Christian (specifically affiliated…
rommelzolder	n	de · mv. rommelzolders	an attic where one stores random junk
ontkorrelen	v	ontkorrelde – ontkorreld	to gin, to remove seeds; to remove small particles
hooizolder	n	de · mv. hooizolders	hayloft
ontgeuren	v	ontgeurde – ontgeurd	to deodorize, to remove the smell from
uitreisverbod	n	het · mv. uitreisverboden	exit ban (ban on leaving a country)
altruïstisch	a		altruistic
altruïst	n	de · mv. altruïsten	altruist
altruïsme	n	het	altruism
ontboeien	v	ontboeide – ontboeid	to unshackle (to remove shackles)
altruïste	n	de · mv. altruïstes	female altruist
zwerfkapje	n	het · mv. zwerfkapjes	a lost or discarded surgical mask as stray rubbish
wraken	v		to disapprove, to rebuke; to challenge (to make a formal objection to a juror)
wendepunt	n	het · mv. wendepunten	turning point
princiepsakkoord	n	het · mv. princiepsakkoorden	agreement in principle
principeakkoord	n	het · mv. principeakkoorden	agreement in principle
afweersysteem	n	het · mv. afweersystemen	immune system
afweerraket	n	het · mv. afweerraketten	a defensive missile used to intercept other projectiles
ontbundelen	v	ontbundelde – ontbundeld	to unbundle, to decouple
ontbreidelen	v	ontbreidelde – ontbreideld	to unbridle; to remove restraint from
ontbolsteren	v	ontbolsterde – ontbolsterd	to shell the husk from something
ontgespen	v	ontgespte – ontgespt	to unbuckle, to unfasten
ontkronen	v	ontkroonde – ontkroond	to decrown, to remove the crown from; to dethrone, to remove an authority from power
verdienmodel	n	het · mv. verdienmodellen	earnings model, revenue model
jaarwende	n	de · mv. jaarwendes	transition from one year to the next
fabeltjesfuik	n	de · mv. fabeltjesfuiken	a mechanism on social media where engagement with fringe content leads…
jaarwissel	n	de · mv. jaarwissels	change from one year to the next
ontkerkelijking	n	de · mv. ontkerkelijkingen	secularisation, in particular the process of making or becoming less…
baksteengotiek	n	de	Brick Gothic style
gotiek	n	de	Gothicism, the Gothic style
rekenwonder	n	het · mv. rekenwonders	a mathematical prodigy
techbedrijf	n	het · mv. techbedrijven	a tech company
kakelvers	a		farm fresh, very fresh; brand-new
kakelen	v	kakelde – gekakeld	to cackle; to make a sharp, broken noise or cry, as a hen or goose does; to laugh with a broken sound similar to a hen's cry
ontrijmen	v	ontrijmde – ontrijmd	to unrhyme, to make something that rhymes not rhyme; to disharmonize
ontgordelen	v	ontgordelde – ontgordeld	to ungird
ontgorden	v	ontgordde – ontgord	to ungird
ontdempen	v	ontdempte – ontdempt	to undo the filling in of historical grachts
ontgroeven	v	ontgroefde – ontgroefd	to unwrinkle, to remove grooves
prela	n	de · mv. prela's	an early-stage relationship; a relationship which may not yet be "official"…
islamologisch	a		Islamicist (pertaining to the study of Islam from a secular academic…
sigmatisch	a		sigmatic, forming a verb stem with the consonant sigma or s; sigmatic, pertaining to sigmatics
asigmatisch	a		asigmatic, forming a verb stem without the consonant sigma or s
ontschampen	v	ontschampte – ontschampt	to escape, to elude
ontwoelen	v	ontwoelde – ontwoeld	to churn loose, to turn loose; to uproot
ontkerstenen	v	ontkerstende – ontkerstend	to dechristianize
Ivriet	m		Ivrit, modern Hebrew
buitengrens	n	de · mv. buitengrenzen	external border
binnengrens	n	de · mv. binnengrenzen	internal border
Hebreeër	n	de · mv. Hebreeërs	Hebrew (speaker of Hebrew; Israeli, Jew or Israelite)
Hebreeën	m		Hebrews, Epistle to the Hebrews (book of the New Testament)
athematisch	a		athematic (forming verb stems without a thematic vowel)
Amerikaans-Samoa	m		American Samoa (an archipelago and overseas territory of the United States…
Amerikaans-Samoaan	n	de · mv. Amerikaans-Samoanen	an American Samoan
Amerikaans-Samoaanse	n	de · mv. Amerikaans-Samoaansen	an American Samoan woman
Amerikaans-Samoaans	a		American Samoan, in, from or relating to American Samoa
ontzweven	v	ontzweefde – ontzweefd	to hover away; to escape by hovering away
ontzwangeren	v	ontzwangerde – ontzwangerd	to recover from a pregnancy
ontzwachtelen	v	ontzwachtelde – ontzwachteld	to unbandage, to unbind bandages
kat-en-muisspel	n	het · mv. kat-en-muisspellen	a game of cat and mouse
vrijlating	n	de · mv. vrijlatingen	release (act of letting free)
disruptie	n	de · mv. disrupties	disruption
disrumperen	v		to disrupt
Samoaanse	n	de · mv. Samoaansen	a Samoan woman
disrupteren	v		to disrupt
Hofland	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
kruisbestuiving	n	de · mv. kruisbestuivingen	cross-pollination (fertilisation by the transfer of pollen from one plant to…; cross-pollination (inspiration or influence between diverse elements)
noodverordening	n	de · mv. noodverordeningen	emergency ordinance
noodbevel	n	het · mv. noodbevelen	emergency degree, emergency order
draconisch	a		draconian, draconic (extremely strict)
verzetsstrijder	n	de · mv. verzetsstrijders	member of the resistance, resistance fighter, chiefly in relation to the…
gaslek	n	het · mv. gaslekken	gas leak
ziekteverwekker	n	de · mv. ziekteverwekkers	pathogen, germ
spierpijn	n	de · mv. spierpijnen	muscle pain, muscle ache
anafylactisch	a		anaphylactic
bijsluiter	n	de · mv. bijsluiters	a medical package insert included with a medical or cosmetic product
reisbeperking	n	de · mv. reisbeperkingen	travel restriction
vistrek	n	de	fish migration
Ledeboeriaan	n	de · mv. Ledeboerianen	a follower of the ultraorthodox Reformed minister Lambertus Gerardus…
voetenruimte	n	de · mv. voetenruimtes	footwell
rechtsomkeer	d		only used in rechtsomkeer maken
tweetaktmotor	n	de · mv. tweetaktmotoren	a two-stroke engine
viertaktmotor	n	de · mv. viertaktmotoren	a four-stroke engine
winkelruit	n	de · mv. winkelruiten	shop window
Oerlemans	m		a surname
Groenen	m		a surname
Groenendijk	m		a hamlet in Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Groeneweg	m		a hamlet in Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands; a surname
Groenewegen	m		a surname
Groenewoud	m		a hamlet in Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
ambulancebroeder	n	de · mv. ambulancebroeders	a male nurse who works as a paramedic in an ambulance
symptoombestrijding	n	de · mv. symptoombestrijdingen	the treatment of the symptoms caused by an ailment; the act of combatting symptoms without addressing the root cause
ambulancezuster	n	de · mv. ambulancezusters	a female nurse who works as a paramedic in an ambulance
bezoekuur	n	het · mv. bezoekuren	visiting hour
vragenuur	n	het · mv. vragenuren	question time
totalitair	n	mv. totalitaire	totalitarian
nesjomme	n	de · mv. nesjommes	soul
Charlois	m		Charlois (a neighborhood and former municipality of Rotterdam, South…
Kralingen	m		Kralingen (a neighbourhood and former municipality of Rotterdam, South…; a neighbourhood of Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland, Netherlands
maturatie	n	de · mv. maturaties	maturation
crimigrant	n	de · mv. crimigranten	crimmigrant
crimigratie	n	de · mv. crimigraties	crimmigration
queeste	n	de · mv. queesten	quest
Urker	n	de · mv. Urkers	a person from Urk
Urkers	m		a Low Saxon dialect spoken in the former island and village of Urk
auto-immuunziekte	n	de · mv. auto-immuunziekten	autoimmune disease
onverantwoord	a		irresponsible
opeenvolging	n	de · mv. opeenvolgingen	sequence, succession
ijshal	n	de · mv. ijshallen	indoor ice-skating rink
schaatshal	n	de · mv. schaatshallen	indoor ice-skating rink
spookkeuken	n	de · mv. spookkeukens	a dark kitchen; a commercial kitchen where restaurant-style meals are cooked…
debriefen	v	debriefde – gedebriefd	to debrief
boekske	n	het · mv. boekskes	a magazine, especially a low-quality one; a tabloid
podiummoeder	n	de · mv. podiummoeders	stage mother
flitser	n	de · mv. flitsers	flash (electronic flash unit); speed camera
donorvader	n	de · mv. donorvaders	a biofather who has begot a child through sperm donation
grenspaal	n	de · mv. grenspalen	a post used as a marker for a border or boundary
wapenbezit	n	het	possession of weapons, possession of arms
vuurwapenbezit	n	het	possession of firearms
grenswachter	n	de · mv. grenswachters	a border guard (person)
boekschrift	n	het · mv. boekschriften	book hand
neoklassiek	a		neoclassical
kruideniersmentaliteit	n	de	a narrow-mindedly miserly mentality
kruideniersgeest	n	de	a narrow-mindedly miserly mindset
psychosegevoelig	n		prone to psychosis
intervisie	n	de · mv. intervisies	an organized conversation between people working and/or studying in the same…
psychosegevoeligheid	n	de	proneness to psychosis
kristalhelder	a		crystal clear, very easy to see through physically; obvious, easily intelligible
naamhaftig	a		illustrious, renowned, i.e. famous and distinguished
overwichtig	n		dominant, prevalent
lievenswaardig	a		worth loving, lovely, amiable
leergraag	a		eager to learn, curious
waardegedreven	a		values-driven (ethical or moral values)
zijlieden	r		third-person plural personal pronoun (subjective); they
volautomatisch	a		fully automatic
bioblitz	n	de · mv. bioblitzen	bioblitz
vectorvaccin	n	het · mv. vectorvaccins	vector vaccine
publiciteitsstunt	n	de · mv. publiciteitsstunts	publicity stunt
kortwijlig	a		shortwinded
deemsternis	n	de	twilight
schwung	n	de	panache, flair, verve
wonderschoon	a		gorgeous
wondermooi	a		gorgeous
bevordering	n	de · mv. bevorderingen	job promotion; furthering, fostering
wagenvloot	n	de · mv. wagenvloten	carfleet
treinvloot	n	de · mv. treinvloten	rolling stock
omzicht	n	het	circumspection
wasei	n	het · mv. waseieren	a laundry egg
voorgedefinieerd	a		predefined
facilitatie	n	de · mv. facilitaties	facilitation
orthopedagogisch	a		orthopedagogic
nektapijt	n	het · mv. nektapijten	mullet
bananenmonarchie	n	de · mv. bananenmonarchieën	banana monarchy (a monarchy whose government does not respect the rule of law)
Rosenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Belux	m		Belux (a geographic region grouping Belgium and Luxembourg, often used in…
onblij	a		unhappy
bazuinkoor	n	de · mv. bazuinkoren	a small brass ensemble, often with percussion, that plays festive and…
uitlandig	d		out of the country, abroad
sibbegenoot	n	de · mv. sibbegenoten	kinsman, (extended) family member
prijzenpot	n	de · mv. prijzenpotten	prize pool (money that has been pooled together (e.g. as stakes in a game)…
eengezinswoning	n	de · mv. eengezinswoningen	a single-family home, a single-family house
corpustaalkunde	n	de	corpus linguistics
kindergeneeskunde	n	de	pediatrics
hemellicht	n	het · mv. hemellichten	a light in the sky (e.g., from a celestial body, a natural phenonomenon, etc.)
polyvagaal	a		polyvagal
vagaal	a		vagal
sperdifferentieel	n	het · mv. sperdifferentiëlen	locking differential
wensouder	n	de · mv. wensouders	someone with a desire to be a parent, in particular an intended parent in…
levulinezuur	n	het	levulinic acid
nitrobenzeen	n	het	nitrobenzene
cyclohexeen	n	het	cyclohexane
jodin	n	de · mv. jodinnen	Jewess (female adherent of Judaism)
ezelin	n	de · mv. ezelinnen	female donkey
uilin	n	de · mv. uilinnen	female owl
moffin	n	de · mv. moffinnen	female German, Kraut
duivin	n	de · mv. duivinnen	female dove, pigeon
Friezin	n	de · mv. Friezinnen	female Frisian
jagerin	n	de · mv. jagerinnen	female hunter; huntress
duivelin	n	de · mv. duivelinnen	female devil
onderzoeksjournaliste	n	de · mv. onderzoeksjournalistes	female investigative reporter, female investigative journalist
combinatorisch	a		combinatorial
drostin	n	de · mv. drostinnen	wife of a reeve or steward
moslima	n	de · mv. moslima's	female Muslim; a Muslimah
look-and-feel	n	de	look and feel
tweekamerig	a		two-chambered; bicameral
onderbevolkt	a		underpopulated
overbevolkt	a		overpopulated
bovenmenselijk	a		superhuman
beëdelsteend	a		ornated with gemstones
almachtsfantasie	n	de · mv. almachtsfantasieën	omnipotency delusion
cartoonesk	n	mv. cartooneske	cartoonish
potdoof	a		completely deaf
dagplanner	n	de · mv. dagplanners	dayplanner; a type of notebook used to plan the activities and tasks per day
ritornel	n	het · mv. ritornellen	ritornello
witbord	n	het · mv. witborden	whiteboard
vermogelijken	v	vermogelijkte – vermogelijkt	to make possible
printbaar	a		printable
maatwerk	n	het	tailor-made work; a bespoke solution
fierte	n	de	pride
fierheid	n	de	pride; admiration, i.e. the state of being proud of someone else, or being proud in…
Thull	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
drooghaven	n	de · mv. drooghavens	dry port
perfunctorisch	a		perfunctory
passaatgordel	n	de	the area in the Atlantic and Indian Ocean where trade winds occur
achtkoppig	a		eight-headed; consisting of eight people
driekoppig	a		three-headed; consisting of three people
vierkoppig	a		four-headed; consisting of four people
vijfkoppig	a		five-headed; consisting of five people
zeskoppig	a		six-headed; consisting of six people
zevenkoppig	a		seven-headed; consisting of seven people
tweekoppig	a		two-headed; consisting of two people
eenkoppig	a		one-headed; consisting of one person
onmetelijk	a		immeasurable
onnauwkeurig	a		inaccurate, imprecise
dharmisch	a		dharmic (pertaining to dharma)
verbrusseling	n	de · mv. verbrusselingen	brusselization
irrationeel	a		irrational (contrary to reason); irrational (not capable of being expressed as a fraction of real integers)
gaskachel	n	de · mv. gaskachels	gas stove, gas heater
gasoven	n	de · mv. gasovens	gas oven, gas furnace
gasstel	n	het · mv. gasstellen	gas hob, gas cooktop
ioniseren	v	ioniseerde – geïoniseerd	to ionise
irredentisme	n	het	irredentism
irredentistisch	a		irredentist
troposfeer	n	de	troposphere
gasreus	n	de · mv. gasreuzen	gas giant
wisselbalg	n	de · mv. wisselbalgen	changeling; an infant of a magical creature secretly exchanged for a human…
wisselkind	n	het · mv. wisselkinderen	changeling; an infant of a magical creature secretly exchanged for a human…; swapling
feeachtig	a		fairylike
gasvlam	n	de · mv. gasvlammen	gas flame
gedaanteverwisselaar	n	de · mv. gedaanteverwisselaars	(male) shape-shifter
gasplaneet	n	de · mv. gasplaneten	gas planet, gas giant planet
vuurbal	n	de · mv. vuurballen	fireball
gaspit	n	de · mv. gaspitten	a ring or burner fuelled by gas (on a hob, stovetop, gas lamp, etc.)
gasvrij	a		gas-free (not containing any gas; not containing a particular gas); not connected to fuel-gas infrastructure
plankgas	n	het	the act of putting the pedal to the metal; the energy or fuel released by…
plankgas	d		pedal to the metal, putting the pedal to the metal
oorlogsgas	n	het · mv. oorlogsgassen	military poison gas
Hoogland	m		a village and former municipality of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
gasachtig	a		gaseous (i.e. in the gaseous state); gaslike, resembling a gas
inzepen	v	zeepte in – ingezeept	to soap, to lather; to rub snow on another person's face
knalgas	n	het	oxyhydrogen gas, with a ratio of approximately 2 H₂ : 1 O₂
gasaanval	n	de · mv. gasaanvallen	a poison gas attack
gaswolk	n	de · mv. gaswolken	gas cloud; interstellar nebula of primarily gas
gasnevel	n	de · mv. gasnevels	interstellar nebula of (primarily) gas
Oudpruisisch	m		Old Prussian (extinct Western Baltic language)
Oudpruisisch	a		Old Prussian (pertaining to the Old Prussian language)
blokkage	n	de · mv. blokkages	blockade
stoomvoertuig	n	het · mv. stoomvoertuigen	a steam-powered vehicle
stoomwagen	n	de · mv. stoomwagens	a steam-powered car or carriage; a steam train, steam locomotive or carriage of a steam train
mededingen	v	dong mede – medegedongen	to compete, to engage in competition, to engage in contest
bruggenhoofd	n	het · mv. bruggenhoofden	bridgehead, a fortification around the end of a bridge; bridgehead, an area of ground on the enemy's side of a river or other…
fosgeen	n	het	phosgene (carbonyl dichloride)
quasi-alliantie	n	de · mv. quasi-allianties	quasi-alliance
landhoofd	n	het · mv. landhoofden	bridgehead: an area around the end of a bridge
strandhoofd	n	het · mv. strandhoofden	transversal dam built on a sandbeach to slow its erosion
strandhoofdenveld	n	het · mv. strandhoofdenvelden	the whole of transversal dams on a beach
godsamme	i		damnit
implicatie	n	de · mv. implicaties	implication
ombudscommissie	n	de · mv. ombudscommissies	ombuds commission
transactioneel	n		transactional
relationeel	n		relational
ongeworteld	a		unrooted
bubbelbad	n	het · mv. bubbelbaden	whirlpool; hot tub
nieuwtje	n	het · mv. nieuwtjes	scoop; announcement of something not yet known by others
allerergst	a		worst of all
Lions	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
dienstregeling	n	de · mv. dienstregelingen	a timetable, especially for arrivals and departures of public transport
kooivechtster	n	de · mv. kooivechtsters	female mixed martial artist, female cage fighter
woordenvloed	n	de · mv. woordenvloeden	flood of words, verbiage, waterfall of words
geschiedfilosofie	n	de	philosophy of history
waterspiegel	n	de · mv. waterspiegels	water level, water line; surface of water
geschiedfilosoof	n	de · mv. geschiedfilosofen	philosopher of history
geschiedfilosofisch	a		of or pertaining to the philosophy of history
zonnepark	n	het · mv. zonneparken	solar farm, solar park (large array of photovoltaic solar panels)
natuurgetrouw	a		resembling nature, realistic, true to life, naturalistic
kweekvis	n	de · mv. kweekvissen	farmed fish
hersenziekte	n	de · mv. hersenziekten	brain disease
gerontocratie	n	de · mv. gerontocratieën	gerontocracy
aanbijten	v	beet aan – aangebeten	to bite, to take the bait; to bite into (food), to take a bite from; to have a light meal, in particular breakfast
aanbinden	v	bond aan – aangebonden	to commence, to engage in, to initiate; to affix (something) to something else, to bind
kamergenoot	n	de · mv. kamergenoten	roommate
synchroon	a		synchronous
handgreep	n	de · mv. handgrepen	handle, grip
aandissen	v	diste aan – aangedist	to serve on tables; to set with food
bijenhotel	n	het · mv. bijenhotels	bee hotel
schaalvergroting	n	de · mv. schaalvergrotingen	expansion of scale, upscaling
burgerinitiatief	n	het · mv. burgerinitiatieven	citizens' initiative
vrouwonvriendelijk	a		misogynist
onvriendelijkheid	n	de · mv. onvriendelijkheden	unfriendliness; unfriendly act or behaviour
verkiezingsbelofte	n	de · mv. verkiezingsbeloften	electoral promise, electoral pledge
gemeenteraadsverkiezing	n	de · mv. gemeenteraadsverkiezingen	municipal election
deelstaatverkiezing	n	de · mv. deelstaatverkiezingen	member state election (election in a state in e.g. a federation or confederacy)
burgervader	n	de · mv. burgervaders	a male mayor who is exemplary, particularly dedicated to his citizens, etc
steunbetuiging	n	de · mv. steunbetuigingen	statement of support, endorsement
sjarel	n	de · mv. sjarels	guy; penis
benadeling	n	de · mv. benadelingen	disadvantaging, the act or process of wronging someone or something
busgroente	n	de · mv. busgroenten	canned vegetable(s)
blikgroente	n	de · mv. blikgroenten	canned vegetable(s)
busdokter	n	de · mv. busdokters	a medical doctor who provides service to members of a voluntary sick fund…
buurtbus	n	de · mv. buurtbussen	local bus, neighbourhood bus
streekbus	n	de · mv. streekbussen	regional bus, intercity bus
Oostblokker	n	de · mv. Oostblokkers	someone from the Eastern Bloc or someone from the currently corresponding…
Oostblok	m		Eastern Bloc
snelbus	n	de · mv. snelbussen	express bus
lijstduwer	n	de · mv. lijstduwers	a famous person who is at or near the bottom of the electoral list of a…
speurneus	n	de · mv. speurneuzen	a sleuth, a detective or tracker; a sensitive nose that one can use for tracking; an extraordinary capability for tracking or investigating
wapensmokkel	n	de	arms trafficking, arms smuggling
sneeuwbaleffect	n	het · mv. sneeuwbaleffecten	snowball effect
splinterpartij	n	de · mv. splinterpartijen	splinter party
Westblok	m		Western Bloc
huismanskiesrecht	n	het	householder franchise
kiprollade	n	de · mv. kiprollades	chicken roulade
16-plusser	n	de · mv. 16-plussers	Someone above the age of 16
Adelard	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Adelard
Mazengarve	m		Mazingarbe (a city in Pas-de-Calais department, France)
Mardijk	m		Mardyck (a city in Nord department, France)
Marsenne	m		Marchiennes (a city in nord department, France)
pannenkoekenijs	n	het	pancake ice (ice made up of small round floes)
jobspecifiek	a		job-specific
opschaalbaar	a		scaleable
lineariteit	n	de	linearity
schaalbaar	a		scaleable
schaalvoordeel	n	het · mv. schaalvoordelen	economy of scale
pajong	n	de · mv. pajongs	ceremonial umbrella or parasol carried over the heads of Indonesian nobles…
ellebooggroet	n	de · mv. ellebooggroeten	elbow bump
zonnigheid	n	de	sunniness
zondigheid	n	de	sinfulness
uitverkiezen	v	verkoos uit – uitverkozen	to choose, to elect, to predestine; to choose over all other options, to prefer
kneedgum	n	de · mv. kneedgummen	kneaded eraser, putty rubber
aankoeken	v	koekte aan – aangekoekt	to form a deposit, usually on another object; to cake up, to encrust
geurstof	n	de · mv. geurstoffen	fragrance, aromatic substance
hoofdhuid	n	de · mv. hoofdhuiden	scalp (generally not used for skin covering other parts of the head)
oversteekplaats	n	de · mv. oversteekplaatsen	a crossing, a place where one can cross something (e.g. a road, body of water)
politiekantoor	n	het · mv. politiekantoren	police station
wegdommelen	v	dommelde weg – weggedommeld	to doze off
gireren	v	gireerde – gegireerd	to transfer, to wire transfer, to pay by giro
lelieaard	n	de · mv. lelieaards	a medieval supporter of sovereign rule of the king of France as suzerain,…
jachttrofee	n	de · mv. jachttrofeeën	hunting trophy
trofeejacht	n	de · mv. trofeejachten	trophy hunting
groepsverkrachting	n	de · mv. groepsverkrachtingen	gang rape
ongodsdienstig	a		irreligious
franskiljon	n	de · mv. franskiljons	a person who considers French to be superior to Dutch
leeuwenvlag	n	de · mv. leeuwenvlaggen	a Flemish flag (a stylized clawing black lion, with or without red claws and…
excuusneger	n	de · mv. excuusnegers	token black person
dobberneger	n	de · mv. dobbernegers	black migrant or refugee crossing the Mediterranean sea
deplatformen	v		to deplatform
deplatformeren	v		to deplatform
Vlaams-nationalist	n	de · mv. Vlaams-nationalisten	Flemish nationalist
zotdraaien	v		the act of endlessly turning a screw or handle, with no effect or result,…
tranentrekker	n	de · mv. tranentrekkers	a tearjerker
lekenpreker	n	de · mv. lekenprekers	a lay preacher
ovenpaal	n	de · mv. ovenpalen	a peel (tool for moving pastry into and from ovens)
broodschieter	n	de · mv. broodschieters	a peel (tool for moving pastry into and from ovens)
Rijksdorp	m		a neighbourhood of Wassenaar, South Holland, Netherlands
erfvorst	n	de · mv. erfvorsten	hereditary monarch
stembureau	n	het · mv. stembureaus	polling station
stemlokaal	n	het · mv. stemlokalen	polling station
erfopvolging	n	de	inheritance (process)
belgicist	n	de · mv. belgicisten	(male) belgicist; a (male) person supporting the political and economic…
pijpbom	n	de · mv. pijpbommen	pipebomb; an improvised explosive device consisting of blasting powder…
zeecontainer	n	de · mv. zeecontainers	sea container, cargo container used in marine shipping
containerhaven	n	de · mv. containerhavens	container port
containerschip	n	het · mv. containerschepen	container ship
voorlijk	a		being intellectually more advanced than one's age-group; precocious (of a child)
doommetal	n	de	doom metal
gitaarsolo	n	de · mv. gitaarsolo's	guitar solo
eigenheid	n	de	individual character, uniqueness, individuality
oplijsten	v	lijstte op – opgelijst	to list
stemmig	a		erudite, exalted, formal
Weipoort	m		a hamlet in Zoeterwoude, South Holland, Netherlands
ijzerenweg	n	de · mv. ijzerenwegen	railroad
burgerkruis	n	het · mv. burgerkruisen	a badge of honor given to a civil servant with a long service record (e.g.,…
ijzerbaan	n	de · mv. ijzerbanen	railroad
pakking	n	de · mv. pakkingen	gasket
duizendkunstenaar	n	de · mv. duizendkunstenaars	a (male) artist who is competent in many arts
homopaar	n	het · mv. homoparen	gay couple (usually in reference to a couple of gay men)
homokoppel	n	het · mv. homokoppels	gay couple (usually in reference to a couple of gay men)
bloedprop	n	de · mv. bloedproppen	blood clot
panislamist	n	de · mv. panislamisten	Panislamist
kinkhoorn	n	de · mv. kinkhoorns	common whelk, Buccinum undatum
teststraat	n	de · mv. teststraten	test lane; a street with a medical facility equipped to take specific tests…
tewerkstelling	n	de	employment, the fact of being employed
mantelschelp	n	de · mv. mantelschelpen	scallop, bivalve of the family Pectinidae
jachtschip	n	het · mv. jachtschepen	a yacht (light, fast vessel), in particular a sailing yacht
speeljacht	n	het · mv. speeljachten	luxurious yacht
zeiljacht	n	het · mv. zeiljachten	a sailing yacht
beeldbank	n	de · mv. beeldbanken	image databank
straatbeeld	n	het · mv. straatbeelden	streetscape, street life, presence on the street, street scene
mantelbaviaan	n	de · mv. mantelbavianen	hamadryas baboon (Papio hamadryas)
mantelaap	n	de · mv. mantelapen	hamadryas, holy baboon (Papio hamadryas)
arminiaan	n	de · mv. arminianen	Arminian, especially a Remonstrant
burgerinspraak	n	de	citizen participation
arminiaans	a		Arminian
BuZa	m		Ministry of Foreign Affairs; State Department
cognitiewetenschap	n	de · mv. cognitiewetenschappen	cognitive science
remonstrantisme	n	het	Remonstrantism
cognitie	n	de · mv. cognities	cognition
broodpoot	n	de · mv. broodpoten	a gay male prostitute
remonstrantie	n	de · mv. remonstranties	remonstrance, remonstration; display scene, scene displayed in an image
lulijzer	n	het · mv. lulijzers	any electronic device used when talking, particularly a telephone
gomarist	n	de · mv. gomaristen	a Gomarist (follower of Gomarus, opponent of the Remonstrants during the…
normalisatie	n	de · mv. normalisaties	normalization
gomaristisch	a		Gomarist
sapfisch	a		Sapphic (pertaining to the Sapphic metre); sapphic, lesbian
straattegel	n	de · mv. straattegels	street tile
fruitig	a		fruity (having a fruit-like taste)
gomarisme	n	het	Gomarism
contraremonstrantie	n	de · mv. contraremonstranties	a remonstrance presented in opposition to another remonstrance; chiefly in…
afschalen	v	schaalde af – afgeschaald	to scale down
straattaal	n	de · mv. straattalen	youth slang; in particular a youth slang spoken in the cities and larger…; vulgar language, language containing a lot of vulgarities and invectives
contraspionage	n	de	counterintelligence, counterespionage
mensminnend	a		human-loving, people-loving
onbeslist	a		undecided
betekenisleer	n	de	semantics; the branch of linguistics studying the meaning of words
stercarrière	n	de · mv. stercarrières	stellar career, fast-track career
uitzinnig	a		mad, insane, crazy, senseless, out of one's mind
hekgolf	n	de · mv. hekgolven	stern wave
boeggolf	n	de · mv. boeggolven	bow wave
heiligegeestmeester	n	de · mv. heiligegeestmeesters	an official tasked by a local civic authority under the Ancien Régime to…
refo	n	de · mv. refo's	a devout Protestant
refogordel	m		synonym of Biblebelt
Biblebelt	m		the Dutch Bible belt, an axis with a relatively high percentage of devout…
refoband	m		synonym of Biblebelt
ulder	r		you (plural, object); your (plural)
gulder	r		you (subject, plural)
wulder	r		we
zulder	r		they (used for people only)
elektrocuteren	v	elektrocuteerde – geëlektrocuteerd	to electrocute
elektrocutie	n	de · mv. elektrocuties	electrocution
briefstem	n	de · mv. briefstemmen	postal vote
poststem	n	de · mv. poststemmen	postal vote
antinomiaans	a		antinomian
trombotisch	a		thrombotic
posttrombotisch	a		post-thrombotic
angiopathie	n	de · mv. angiopathieën	angiopathy
antinomisme	n	het	antinomianism
antinomianisme	n	het	antinomianism
wetsverzetting	n	de · mv. wetsverzettingen	the deposition and replacement of a magistrate in the Dutch republic, often…
verzetting	n	de · mv. verzettingen	displacement, shifting
staketsel	n	het · mv. staketsels	fencing, palissade, fence
Kanaäniet	n	de · mv. Kanaänieten	Canaanite
eerbreuk	n	de	violation of honour, dishonourable conduct
kolossaal	a		colossal
Westfaler	n	de · mv. Westfalers	a Westphalian, a person from Westphalia
Westfaler	a		Westphalian
Westfaals	a		Westphalian
Westfaals	m		Westphalian (dialect of Low German)
ontcijfering	n	de · mv. ontcijferingen	decipherment, decryption
Oegaritisch	m		Ugaritic (extinct Northwest Semitic language, closely related to Canaanite)
Oegaritisch	a		Ugaritic
structureren	v	structureerde – gestructureerd	to structure
Franstalig	a		French-speaking, francophone; produced (e.g. written, recorded) in the French language
wolfsklauw	n	de · mv. wolfsklauwen	a club moss; any plant of genus Lycopodium; also refers to some closely…
gemaakte	n	de · mv. gemaakten	substantivised form of gemaakt
spleetogen	n		slanted eyes
vuurlinie	n	de · mv. vuurlinies	firing line
vuurvreter	n	de · mv. vuurvreters	fire-eater (performer)
minotaurus	n	de · mv. minotaurussen	minotaur
vuurschip	n	het · mv. vuurschepen	fireship; steamship
engelbewaarder	n	de · mv. engelbewaarders	guardian angel
vuurzuil	n	de · mv. vuurzuilen	pillar of fire, chiefly in reference to the narrative in Exodus and Numeri,…
drijfnat	a		very wet; soaked
jodenkoek	n	de · mv. jodenkoeken	a large, flat, round, sweet biscuit similar to shortbread
modelleren	v	modelleerde – gemodelleerd	to model, to replicate in a model; to model, to shape, to fashion
betonvoetbal	n	het	a very defensive style of football
totaalvoetbal	n	het	total football
Belaroes	m		Belarus (a country in Eastern Europe)
ministerraad	n	de · mv. ministerraden	cabinet (executive council consisting of ministers)
jongvee	n	het	youngstock
heemraadschap	n	het · mv. heemraadschappen	in the Netherlands a council to assist a dijkgraaf in the government of…
Lesbisch	a		Lesbian (of, from, on or pertaining to Lesbos)
bemantelen	v	bemantelde – bemanteld	to clothe with a coat or cloak; to cover
ommantelen	v	ommantelde – ommanteld	to clothe with a coat or cloak; to cover, esp. with fortifications or a protective cover
jakobsmantel	n	de · mv. jakobsmantels	pilgrim's scallop, Mediterranean scallop (Pecten jacobaeus)
jakobsladder	n	de · mv. jakobsladders	Jacob's Ladder; Jacob's ladder; Jacob's ladder, Greek valerian, Polemonium caeruleum
mantelorganisatie	n	de · mv. mantelorganisaties	a front, a cover; an officially independent organisation that is covertly…; an umbrella organisation
damesmantel	n	de · mv. damesmantels	women's coat
herenmantel	n	de · mv. herenmantels	men's coat
koningsmantel	n	de · mv. koningsmantels	royal cloak; plums and custard, a mushroom of species Tricholomopsis rutilans; Camberwell beauty, mourning cloak, a butterfly of species Nymphalis antiopa
Willemstad	m		the capital city of Curaçao; a city and former municipality of Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
mandekking	n	de	marking (practice of defending players not in possession of the ball)
hoogheemraad	n	de · mv. hoogheemraden	a member of certain water boards in Holland and Utrecht that are called…
regenzon	n	de	an instance of the Sun shining when it is raining or through clouds; a pallid appearance of the Sun, said to be an indicator of upcoming rain in…
bodemkundig	a		pertaining to soil science
bodemkundige	n	de · mv. bodemkundigen	soil scientist
sproke	n	de · mv. sproken	a genre of late medieval children's stories
echolocatie	n	de	echolocation
folkmetal	n	de	folk metal
juchtleer	n	het	yuft, Russia leather
Kwakman	m		a surname
jucht	n	het · mv. juchten	yuft, Russia leather; sheets of yuft
paardrijden	n	het	horseriding
paardrijden	v		to ride on horseback
echtbreuk	n	de · mv. echtbreuken	adultery
ecologistisch	a		environmentalist; pertaining to green politics
ecologisme	n	het	environmentalism; green politics
ecologisch	a		ecological
echoscopie	n	de · mv. echoscopieën	ultrasound scan
edelmoedig	a		magnanimous
Sovjetunie	m		Soviet Union
ecotoeristisch	a		ecotouristic
bittertje	n	het · mv. bittertjes	jenever or brandy in which a mixture of herbs has been steeped
cultuurstrijder	n	de · mv. cultuurstrijders	a culture warrior; in the nineteenth century exclusively of anti-Catholics…
cultuurstrijd	n	de · mv. cultuurstrijden	a culture war; in particular used of the Culture War in the German Empire in…
kartbaan	n	de · mv. kartbanen	go-kart track
Natio	m		the national soccer team of Suriname
Vanhoenacker	m		a Belgian surname
Sebbe	m		a diminutive of the male given name Sebastiaan
bougainville	n	de · mv. bougainvilles	bougainvillea, shrub of the genus Bougainvillea
hartklopping	n	de · mv. hartkloppingen	palpitation
Oranjestad	m		the capital city of Aruba; the capital city of Sint Eustatius, Netherlands
klaarstaan	v	stond klaar – klaargestaan	to be ready, get ready, prepare; to stand by, wait
Halder	m		a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
langetermijnsamenwerking	n	de · mv. langetermijnsamenwerkingen	long-term collaboration
gynaecologie	n	de	gynaecology
gynaecologisch	a		gynaecological
vrouwengeneeskunde	n	de	gynaecology
vrouwenarts	n	de · mv. vrouwenartsen	gynaecologist
aanscherping	n	de · mv. aanscherpingen	the act of adding more restrictions, tightening
tropenarts	n	de · mv. tropenartsen	tropical doctor (medical doctor specialised in tropical medicine)
verslechtering	n	de · mv. verslechteringen	worsening, deterioration
verpleeghuisarts	n	de · mv. verpleeghuisartsen	a geriatrician, originally one working in a nursing home but now also one…
zwijgplicht	n	de · mv. zwijgplichten	obligation to remain silent
cruciaal	a		crucial, vital, pivotal
isoleercel	n	de · mv. isoleercellen	a cell used for solitary confinement, a solitary cell
onveranderd	a		unchanged
elastiek	n	het · mv. elastieken	elastic band, elastic; elastic
Vliet	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Oudewater, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
sjaars	n	de · mv. sjaars	synonym of eerstejaars
Bijkerk	m		a surname
Ouwerkerk	m		a village and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands; a surname
Verlaan	m		a surname
Postema	m		a surname
Posthuma	m		a surname
Berkers	m		a surname
Berkhout	m		a village and former municipality of Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Lisse, South Holland, Netherlands; a surname
Tolsma	m		a surname
Springintveld	m		a surname
Jonkman	m		a surname
Booij	m		a surname
tropenhelm	n	de · mv. tropenhelmen	topee, sun helmet (tropical helmet similar to a pith helmet)
subtropen	n		subtropics
Vosberg	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
kruirad	n	het · mv. kruiraderen	the wheel used for changing the orientation of the sails of a windmill
kruiwiel	n	het · mv. kruiwielen	the wheel used for changing the orientation of the sails of a windmill
unicameraal	a		unicameral
monocameraal	a		unicameral
handappel	n	de · mv. handappels	an apple of a variety suitable to be eaten whole and raw; such a variety of…
eerstejaarsstudent	n	de · mv. eerstejaarsstudenten	a student or pupil in one's first year of tertiary education
eerbetoning	n	de · mv. eerbetoningen	homage, tribute
efemeer	a		ephemeral
liberaliseren	v	liberaliseerde – geliberaliseerd	to liberalize
liberalisering	n	de · mv. liberaliseringen	liberalization
afdanker	n	de · mv. afdankers	something or someone that has been discarded, a reject, a castaway
millenniumbug	n	de · mv. millenniumbugs	millennium bug
offerande	n	de · mv. offeranden	offering, sacrifice
toezichthouder	n	de · mv. toezichthouders	supervisor, watchdog (reviewing or regulatory body or officer)
schilderes	n	de · mv. schilderessen	a female painter
aoristisch	a		aoristic, aorist
erastiaans	a		Erastian
erastiaan	n	de · mv. erastianen	Erastian
missionair	a		missionary, active in or pertaining to mission; having a political mandate, seeking to enact a political programme
halfzus	n	de · mv. halfzussen	half sister
vrijduiken	n	het	free-diving
pijngrens	n	de · mv. pijngrenzen	pain threshold
broederlijk	a		fraternal, brotherly
geestvervoering	n	de · mv. geestvervoeringen	mental exaltation, ecstasy
Wekenfeest	m		Shavuot, Feast of Weeks
herkanser	n	de · mv. herkansers	someone who attempts something again, in particular someone who retries an exam
eigenares	n	de · mv. eigenaressen	female owner
oorlogshitser	n	de · mv. oorlogshitsers	someone who advocates war, a warmonger
eikenbos	n	het · mv. eikenbossen	oak forest
eikenwoud	n	het · mv. eikenwouden	oak forest
eigenruimte	n	de · mv. eigenruimten	eigenspace
nulvector	n	de · mv. nulvectoren	zero vector
vectorruimte	n	de · mv. vectorruimten	vector space
gezichtseinder	n	de · mv. gezichtseinders	horizon
pirateneiland	n	het · mv. pirateneilanden	pirates' island
wintereik	n	de · mv. wintereiken	sessile oak, Irish oak, Cornish oak (Quercus petraea)
eikenbladsla	n	de	a variety of lettuce (Lactuca sativa) with reddish, oak-like leaves
eikenblad	n	het · mv. eikenbladeren	oak leaf
klaptafel	n	de · mv. klaptafels	foldable table
interlandwedstrijd	n	de · mv. interlandwedstrijden	a sports match between national teams
vasculair	a		vascular
granuloom	n	het · mv. granulomen	granuloma (inflammatory nodule of histiocytes)
elektrum	n	het	electrum (naturally occurring alloy of gold and silver)
hematoloog	n	de · mv. hematologen	haematologist
hematologisch	a		haematological
beletselteken	n	het · mv. beletseltekens	ellipsis (a mark consisting of three periods: "…")
orwelliaans	a		Orwellian
elegantie	n	de	elegance
electoraal	a		electoral
elektrostatica	n	de	electrostatics
Elfduizendmaagdendag	n	de	the feast day of Saint Ursula, 21 October
elitistisch	a		elitist (supportive of rule or management by elites)
elektro-encefalografie	n	de	electroencephalography
elektro-encefalografisch	a		electroencephalographic
elandantilope	n	de · mv. elandantilopen	common eland, eland antilope, Taurotragus oryx
Rooth	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
reukepitheel	n	het · mv. reukepithelen	olfactory epithelium
epitheel	n	het · mv. epithelen	epithelium
bananenbrood	n	het · mv. bananenbroden	banana bread (bread or cake made from mashed bananas)
eloquentie	n	de	eloquence
embryologisch	a		embryological
embryoloog	n	de · mv. embryologen	embryologist
putemmer	n	de · mv. putemmers	well bucket
embleemboek	n	het · mv. embleemboeken	emblem book (books containing metaphorical or meditative pictures…
emfase	n	de	emphasis
Elzas-Lotharingen	m		Alsace-Lorraine
Elzasser	n	de · mv. Elzassers	Alsatian, person from Alsace
Elzasser	a		Alsatian; of, from or pertaining to Alsace
emigratie	n	de · mv. emigraties	emigration
epicureeër	n	de · mv. epicureeërs	Epicurean (follower of Epicureanism)
epicurist	n	de · mv. epicuristen	Epicurean (follower of Epicureanism)
stoïsch	a		stoic, pertaining to stoicism; stoic, unaffected by pain or emotion, unemotional
enkelband	n	de · mv. enkelbanden	anklet; ankle monitor (electronic tracking device fixed around the ankle)
rabbijns	a		rabbinical
tuchthuisstraf	n	de · mv. tuchthuisstraffen	a sentence in a house of correction
paprikapoeder	n	de/het · mv. paprikapoeders	paprika (powdered spice)
wurgcontract	n	het · mv. wurgcontracten	a contract that is very exploitative to at least one party and that is…
vliegkunst	n	de · mv. vliegkunsten	capability of flight, capacity of flight; aviation; flight skill
artsenijbereidkunde	n	de	pharmacy (cross-discipline of medicine and chemistry)
gevelsteen	n	de · mv. gevelstenen	gable stone
endotheel	n	het · mv. endothelen	endothelium
epicurisch	a		Epicurean
epicuristisch	a		Epicurean
bruien	v	bruide – gebruid	to pester, to bother; to hurl, to toss, to smite; to go away, to get lost
waterland	n	het · mv. waterlanden	land, esp. a country or region, with a lot of water or with a large number…; wetland, waterland
ontkenningspartikel	n	de/het · mv. ontkenningspartikels	negative particle, negation particle
trapgevel	n	de · mv. trapgevels	stepped gable
lijstgevel	n	de · mv. lijstgevels	a horizontal façade crowned with a cornice, often obscuring the actual gable
vestaals	a		vestal (pertaining to or dedicated to Vesta)
Engelandvaarder	n	de · mv. Engelandvaarders	someone who sailed to England from occupied Europe during the Second World…
Oost-Indiëvaarder	n	de · mv. Oost-Indiëvaarders	a merchant ship that sailed on the East Indies; East Indiaman; a captain or commander of an East Indiaman, or a sailor who has sailed to…
Oost-Indië	m		the East Indies
West-Indië	m		the West Indies
West-Indiëvaarder	n	de · mv. West-Indiëvaarders	a merchant ship that sailed on the West Indies; West Indiaman
enzymologisch	a		enzymological
enzymoloog	n	de · mv. enzymologen	enzymologist
epilogisch	a		epilogic (of, serving as, having the character of or pertaining to an epilogue)
episcopaat	n	het · mv. episcopaten	episcopate (office or dignity of a bishop); episcopate (bishops collectively); bishopric
epistemoloog	n	de · mv. epistemologen	epistemologist
eponymie	n	de	eponymy
epyllium	n	het · mv. epyllia	epyllion (short epic)
epoque	n	de · mv. epoques	epoch
episcoop	n	de · mv. episcopen	episcope (epidiascope that projects images of opaque objects); bishop
equatoriaal	a		equatorial
equatoriaal	n	de/het · mv. equatorialen	equatorial (kind of telescope or telescopic set-up)
equidistantie	n	de	equidistance
equivalentie	n	de · mv. equivalenties	equivalence
erasmiaans	a		Erasmian; of or pertaining to Desiderius Erasmus
epenthetisch	a		epenthetic
puntdicht	n	het · mv. puntdichten	epigram (short, pithy poem)
puntdichter	n	de · mv. puntdichters	epigrammatist
narede	n	de · mv. naredes	epilogue
slotrede	n	de · mv. slotredes	epilogue
epidiascoop	n	de · mv. epidiascopen	epidiascope
epitheton	n	het · mv. epitheta	epithet (term used to characterise someone or something); epithet (term used as a descriptive substitute); epithet
epigoon	n	de · mv. epigonen	epigone (undistinguished or inferior imitator)
epileren	v	epileerde – geëpileerd	to epilate, in particular by mechanical means
doopvont	n	de/het · mv. doopvonten	baptismal font
geboortekanaal	n	het · mv. geboortekanalen	birth canal
jachtvlieger	n	de · mv. jachtvliegers	fighter pilot
oorlogsvlieger	n	de · mv. oorlogsvliegers	military pilot
Goedhart	m		a surname
Korver	m		a surname
Langerak	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Meijerink	m		a surname
Meijers	m		a surname
Hartog	m		a surname
Kouwenberg	m		a hamlet in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands; a surname
Kouwenhoven	m		a surname
Bertus	m		a male given name
onverminderd	d		as ... as before
onverminderd	p		notwithstanding, without prejudice to
onverminderd	a		undiminished, not reduced, unabated
oorlogsvliegtuig	n	het · mv. oorlogsvliegtuigen	warplane, military aeroplane
Kooi	m		a surname
Kooij	m		a surname
Eritrees	a		Eritrean
kuifmees	n	de · mv. kuifmezen	crested tit (Lophophanes cristatus)
persoonlijkheidsstoornis	n	de · mv. persoonlijkheidsstoornissen	personality disorder
dwergstern	n	de · mv. dwergsterns	little tern (Sternula albifrons)
kolgans	n	de · mv. kolganzen	the white-fronted goose, greater white-fronted goose, Anser albifrons
zeezwaluw	n	de · mv. zeezwaluwen	synonym of visdief (“common tern”) (Sterna hirundo); synonym of stern (“tern, seabird of the genus Sterna”)
groenling	n	de · mv. groenlingen	greenfinch, European greenfinch (Chloris chloris)
visdief	n	de · mv. visdieven	common tern (Sterna hirundo)
kwikstaart	n	de · mv. kwikstaarten	wagtail, bird of the family Motacillidae, particularly the genera Motacilla…
wintertaling	n	de · mv. wintertalingen	common teal, Eurasian teal, Anas crecca
zomertaling	n	de · mv. zomertalingen	garganey (Spatula querquedula)
smient	n	de · mv. smienten	Eurasian wigeon (Mareca penelope); a wigeon, any bird of three species in the genus Mareca
huiszwaluw	n	de · mv. huiszwaluwen	the house martin, common house martin, Delichon urbicum
republikeinwever	n	de · mv. republikeinwevers	sociable weaver, Philetairus socius
slobeend	n	de · mv. slobeenden	northern shoveller (Spatula clypeata, formerly Anas clypeata)
bontbekplevier	n	de · mv. bontbekplevieren	ringed plover (Charadrius hiaticula)
luisterrijk	a		splendid, magnificent, glorious
glorierijk	a		glorious
persoonsdag	n	de · mv. persoonsdaggen	one person's working time for a day, or the equivalent, used as a measure of…
staartmees	n	de · mv. staartmezen	long-tailed tit (Aegithalos caudatus); bushtit (any bird of the family Aegithalidae, particularly of genus Aegithalos)
juveniel	a		juvenile; juvenile, newly formed
juveniel	n	de · mv. juvenielen	juvenile
roodborsttapuit	n	de · mv. roodborsttapuiten	European stonechat (Saxicola rubicola)
laplanduil	n	de · mv. laplanduilen	great grey owl, Lapland owl (Strix nebulosa)
holenduif	n	de · mv. holenduiven	stock dove (Columba oenas)
houtduif	n	de · mv. houtduiven	wood pigeon (Columba palumbus)
stadsduif	n	de · mv. stadsduiven	feral pigeon, city dove, feral Columba livia domestica
zwartkop	n	de · mv. zwartkoppen	blackcap, Eurasian blackcap (Sylvia atricapilla)
zanglijster	n	de · mv. zanglijsters	song thrush (Turdus philomelos)
wulp	n	de · mv. wulpen	the common curlew, Eurasian curlew (Numenius arquata); curlew, any bird of the genus Numenius
brandgans	n	de · mv. brandganzen	barnacle goose (Branta leucopsis)
geheugenverlies	n	het	memory loss, amnesia
sperweruil	n	de · mv. sperweruilen	northern hawk owl (Surnia ulula)
lagelonenland	n	het · mv. lagelonenlanden	low-wage country
bokszak	n	de · mv. bokszakken	punching bag (boxing implement)
honingraat	n	de · mv. honingraten	honeycomb
zomertortel	n	de · mv. zomertortels	European turtle dove (Streptopelia turtur)
equinoctium	n	het · mv. equinoctia	equinox
equinoctiaal	a		equinoctial
equinoxiaal	a		equinoxial, equinoctial
Hubertus	m		a male given name
patroonheilige	n	de · mv. patroonheiligen	patron saint
struikelsteen	n	de · mv. struikelstenen	a stolperstein
misstap	n	de · mv. misstappen	a physical misstep; a faux pas, clumsy error or minor failing
rotsmus	n	de · mv. rotsmussen	rock sparrow (Petronia petronia); any of several other sparrows of the family Passeridae, previously included…
Edomiet	n	de · mv. Edomieten	Edomite
slagpen	n	de · mv. slagpennen	a flight feather, usually a remex, but sometimes a rectrix; a striking pin in a mechanism
staartpen	n	de · mv. staartpennen	a rectrix, a flight feather from a tail
contourveer	n	de · mv. contourveren	contour feather
donsveer	n	de · mv. donsveren	down feather
dekveer	n	de · mv. dekveren	covert feather (medium-sized asymmetrical feather of the wings and tail used…
invasiegast	n	de · mv. invasiegasten	a vagrant, usually a bird, that is infrequently found in an area but when it…
tuinfluiter	n	de · mv. tuinfluiters	the garden warbler, Sylvia borin
wielewaal	n	de · mv. wielewalen	golden oriole (Oriolus oriolus); oriole (any bird of the genus Oriolus)
struikelblok	n	het · mv. struikelblokken	a stumbling block (obstacle)
grootmachtstatus	n	de	status as a great power
hersenatrofie	n	de · mv. hersenatrofieën	brain atrophy
schapenkop	n	de · mv. schapenkoppen	a sheep's head; an inhabitant of Dordrecht
Dordtenaar	n	de · mv. Dordtenaren	an inhabitant of Dordrecht
Domstad	m		Utrecht
Hofstad	m		The Hague; a neighbourhood of Bladel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
jazeker	d		certainly, for sure
Oranjekoorts	n	de	mass celebrations by Dutch people wearing orange clothing and accessories,…
Oranjegekte	n	de	mass celebrations by Dutch people wearing orange clothing and accessories,…
epoxyhars	n	de/het · mv. epoxyharsen	epoxy resin
epineus	a		thorny, difficult, nettlesome
erosie	n	de · mv. erosies	erosion; erosion (gradual loss or decay, e.g. of support or social cohesion)
institutioneel	a		institutional
institutie	n	de · mv. instituties	institution
erogeen	a		erogenous
Eritreeër	n	de · mv. Eritreeërs	Eritrean (person from Eritrea or of Eritrean descent)
erotiek	n	de	eroticism (erotic love, erotic activity); erotica (erotic subject matter)
erupteren	v	erupteerde – geërupteerd	to erupt, to break out; to erupt
eruptief	a		eruptive (formed by or pertaining to eruption); eruptive (pertaining to emotional outbursts; prone to such outbursts)
ervarenheid	n	de	experience, state of being experienced
bijna-doodervaring	n	de · mv. bijna-doodervaringen	near-death experience
levenservaring	n	de	life experience
ervaringskennis	n	de	knowledge deriving from experience, especially personal experience
Etrurië	m		Etruria
Ertsgebergte	m		Ore Mountains (mountain range in the Czech-German border area)
gouderts	n	het · mv. goudertsen	gold ore
Aleoetisch	a		Aleut
Aleoetisch	m		the Aleut language
Esmee	m		a female given name
esperantistisch	a		Esperantist
esperantisme	n	het	Esperantism
esoterie	n	de	esotericism (esoteric knowledge or practices)
esoterisme	n	het	esotericism (esoteric knowledge or practices)
essentie	n	de · mv. essenties	essence (essential nature); essence (core, central purpose)
Zuma	m		a surname, Zuma
Ramaphosa	m		a surname, Ramaphosa
Mbeki	m		a surname, Mbeki
stapvoets	d		with a normal walking pace; at regular walking speed
wijnproeverij	n	de · mv. wijnproeverijen	winetasting (event for the purpose of tasting and evaluating wine)
oek	i		ook (onomatopoeia for the cry of a monkey)
jankebal	n	de · mv. jankeballen	a crybaby, one who weeps or complains
felheid	n	de	fierceness, ferocity; brightness
fascineren	v	fascineerde – gefascineerd	to fascinate, to interest, to captivate
landstreek	n	de · mv. landstreken	region, area
sedertdien	d		since then
mettertijd	d		in time, with the passing of time, as time goes or went by
bouwmateriaal	n	het	construction materials
hoogvlakte	n	de · mv. hoogvlakten	plateau (elevated, largely level plain of land)
volkenkunde	n	de	ethnology
rotstekening	n	de · mv. rotstekeningen	petroglyph, rock painting
inbreuk	n	de	infringement, violation, encroachment
ingebrekestelling	n	de · mv. ingebrekestellingen	notice of default
verkwanselen	v	verkwanselde – verkwanseld	to squander, to waste
stierhaai	n	de · mv. stierhaaien	the fish species bull shark, Carcharhinus leucas
ophanging	n	de · mv. ophangingen	the act of hanging, suspending; hanging, execution by hanging; the suspension of a vehicle
fnuiken	v	fnuikte – gefnuikt	to curtail, cripple, weaken, rein in
suggestief	a		suggestive
gediplomeerd	a		holding a degree
kleien	a		made of clay, clayen
kleien	v	kleide – gekleid	to make out of clay; to work or play with clay; to defecate
coscorobazwaan	n	de · mv. coscorobazwanen	coscoroba (Coscoroba coscoroba)
trompetboom	n	de · mv. trompetbomen	a catalpa, tree of the genus Catalpa
dwaalleer	n	de · mv. dwaalleren	a heresy, unorthodox opinion condemned by the religious establishment; any other heterodox opinion
Wissel	m		a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
pijlgifkikker	n	de · mv. pijlgifkikkers	A poison dart frog, any frog of the family Dendrobatidae
proverbum	n	het · mv. proverba	pro-verb
Brinkheurne	m		a hamlet in Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Henxel	m		a hamlet in Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Huppel	m		a hamlet in Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kotten	m		a hamlet in Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Miste	m		a hamlet in Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ratum	m		a hamlet in Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Meddo	m		a village in Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
landjepik	n	het	landgrab
Bredevoort	m		a city and former municipality of Aalten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Dinxperlo	m		a village and former municipality of Aalten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Barlo	m		a hamlet in Aalten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Haart	m		a hamlet in Aalten, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Boxmeer, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heurne	m		a hamlet in Aalten, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lintelo	m		a hamlet in Aalten, Gelderland, Netherlands
IJzerlo	m		a hamlet in Aalten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Terborg	m		a city and former municipality of Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bontebrug	m		a village in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Breedenbroek	m		a village in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Etten	m		a village and former municipality of Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Gendringen	m		a village and former municipality of Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Megchelen	m		a village in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Netterden	m		a village and former municipality of Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Silvolde	m		a village in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Sinderen	m		a village in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ulft	m		a village in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Varsselder	m		a village in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Varsseveld	m		a village and former municipality of Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Westendorp	m		a village in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Engbergen	m		a hamlet in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heelweg	m		a hamlet in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Milt	m		a hamlet in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vriezelaar	m		a hamlet in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Rafelder	m		a hamlet in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Veldhunten	m		a hamlet in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Warm	m		a hamlet in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wieken	m		a hamlet in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
IJsselhunten	m		a hamlet in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ziek	m		a hamlet in Oude IJsselstreek, Gelderland, Netherlands
opzalmen	v		to move from an easier, more concrete type of high school education to a…
Gaanderen	m		a village in Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Wehl	m		a village in Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wehl	m		a village and former municipality of Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Gaanderhei	m		a hamlet in Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heidekant	m		a hamlet in Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kleindorp	m		a hamlet in Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Meerenbroek	m		a hamlet in Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wijnbergen	m		a hamlet in Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
IJzevoorde	m		a hamlet in Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Jodenvervolging	n	de · mv. Jodenvervolgingen	persecution of Jews (prescriptively, particularly as an ethnic or cultural…
jodenvervolging	n	de · mv. jodenvervolgingen	persecution of Jews (prescriptively, particularly as a religious group)
inentingscampagne	n	de · mv. inentingscampagnes	vaccination campaign
kerstening	n	de · mv. kersteningen	Christianisation; conversion to Christianity
's-Heerenberg	m		a city and former municipality of Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Didam	m		a town and former municipality of Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Azewijn	m		a village in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Braamt	m		a village in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kilder	m		a village in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Loerbeek	m		a village in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Loil	m		a village in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Dijk	m		a village in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Stokkum	m		a village in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zeddam	m		a village and former municipality of Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Greffelkamp	m		a hamlet in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Holthuizen	m		a hamlet in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Haaksbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Klein-Azewijn	m		a hamlet in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oud-Dijk	m		a hamlet in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vethuizen	m		a hamlet in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vinkwijk	m		a hamlet in Montferland, Gelderland, Netherlands
gruwen	v	gruwde – gegruwd	to abhor, to loathe
deontoloog	n	de · mv. deontologen	deontologist (proponent of deontology)
comparatief	a		comparative (pertaining to comparison); comparative (pertaining to the comparative degree)
comparatief	n	de · mv. comparatieven	comparative (word in the comparative degree)
voordringer	n	de · mv. voordringers	one who cuts in line
etnoloog	n	de · mv. etnologen	ethnologist
Aerdt	m		a village in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Angerlo	m		a village and former municipality of Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Babberich	m		a village in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Giesbeek	m		a village in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Herwen	m		a village and former municipality of Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lathum	m		a village in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lobith	m		a village and former municipality of Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oud-Zevenaar	m		a village in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Pannerden	m		a village and former municipality of Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Spijk	m		a village in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands; a village in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands; a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Tolkamer	m		a village in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Aerdenburg	m		a hamlet in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bevermeer	m		a hamlet in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bingerden	m		a hamlet in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Geitenwaard	m		a hamlet in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kijfwaard	m		a hamlet in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kwartier	m		a hamlet in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ooy	m		a hamlet in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Tuindorp	m		a hamlet in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Veldhuizen	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zweekhorst	m		a hamlet in Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Groessen	m		a village in Duiven, Gelderland, Netherlands
Helhoek	m		a hamlet in Duiven, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Nieuwgraaf	m		a hamlet in Duiven, Gelderland, Netherlands
Schans	m		a hamlet in Westervoort, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Luyendyk	m		a surname, Luyendyk
Westerbork	m		a village and former municipality of Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands;…
boskikker	n	de · mv. boskikkers	wood frog (the frog species Lithobates sylvaticus, native to North American…
etniciteit	n	de · mv. etniciteiten	ethnicity
Elden	m		a village and former municipality of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Schaarsbergen	m		a village in Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Terlet	m		a hamlet in Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Imbosch	m		a hamlet in Rozendaal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Dieren	m		a village and former municipality of Rheden, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ellecom	m		a village in Rheden, Gelderland, Netherlands
Laag-Soeren	m		a village in Rheden, Gelderland, Netherlands
Spankeren	m		a village in Rheden, Gelderland, Netherlands
Velp	m		a village and former municipality of Rheden, Gelderland, Netherlands; a village and former municipality of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Etrurisch	a		Etrurian, Etruscan
Etrurisch	m		Etruscan (extinct language spoken by the Etruscans)
kankerherrie	n	de	fucking loud, annoying noise
pokkenherrie	n	de	loud, annoying noise
Etten-Leur	m		a town and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
etteren	v	etterde – geëtterd	to suppurate, to secrete pus; to be annoying, to be bothersome
etterbak	n	de · mv. etterbakken	a git, a cunt, a twerp (objectionable person)
etymoloog	n	de · mv. etymologen	etymologist
Spijkerkwartier	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Presikhaaf	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Cranevelt	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Geitenkamp	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heijenoord	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Klingelbeek	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Malburgen	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kronenburg	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amstelveen, North Holland, Netherlands
Elderveld	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Rijkerswoerd	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Schuytgraaf	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Sonsbeek	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Klarendal	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Velperweg	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Monnikenhuizen	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Burgemeesterswijk	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Maassluis, South Holland, Netherlands
Hoogkamp	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Alteveer	m		a village in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands; a village in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Beinum	m		a neighborhood of Doesburg, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bakenberg	m		a neighborhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Stegeslag	m		a neighborhood of Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Tatelaar	m		a neighborhood of Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hengelder	m		a neighborhood of Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oosseld	m		a neighborhood of Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
eufemistisch	a		euphemistic
Euraziatisch	a		Eurasian (of, from or pertaining to the landmass Eurasia); Eurasian (of mixed Asian and European descent or background)
Budel	m		a village in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vossem	m		a village in Flemish Brabant, Belgium
Laag-Keppel	m		a city in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Achter-Drempt	m		a village in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Baak	m		a village in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Drempt	m		a village in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hoog-Keppel	m		a village in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hummelo	m		a village and former municipality of Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Keijenborg	m		a village in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Olburgen	m		a village in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Steenderen	m		a village and former municipality of Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Toldijk	m		a village in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Velswijk	m		a village in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vierakker	m		a village in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Voor-Drempt	m		a village in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vorden	m		a village and former municipality of Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wichmond	m		a village in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zelhem	m		a village and former municipality of Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bekveld	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Delden	m		a city and former municipality of Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands; a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Dunsborg	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Eldrik	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Gooi	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Halle-Heide	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Halle-Nijman	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heidenhoek	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Meuhoek	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Mossel	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Noordink	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oosterwijk	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Varssel	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Veldhoek	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Veldwijk	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Ermelo, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wassinkbrink	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wientjesvoort	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wildenborch	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Winkelshoek	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wittebrink	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wolfersveen	m		a hamlet in Bronckhorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
aanstelleritis	n	de	exaggerated or imagined disease; any immature affectation, or a tendency to such behaviour
roestbak	n	de · mv. roestbakken	a rusty car
olifantenstier	n	de · mv. olifantenstieren	a male elephant
Wemmersweerd	m		a neighborhood of Doesburg, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lichtenvoorde	m		a town and former municipality of Oost Gelre, Gelderland, Netherlands
Groenlo	m		a city and former municipality of Oost Gelre, Gelderland, Netherlands
Harreveld	m		a village in Oost Gelre, Gelderland, Netherlands
gespreksstof	n	de	something to talk about, topic(s) for conversation or discussion
Lievelde	m		a village in Oost Gelre, Gelderland, Netherlands
Mariënvelde	m		a village in Oost Gelre, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vragender	m		a village in Oost Gelre, Gelderland, Netherlands
stofbril	n	de · mv. stofbrillen	a pair of goggles to protect the eyes against dust
Zieuwent	m		a village in Oost Gelre, Gelderland, Netherlands
Eefsele	m		a hamlet in Oost Gelre, Gelderland, Netherlands
Tuute	m		a hamlet in Oost Gelre, Gelderland, Netherlands
zwembril	n	de · mv. zwembrillen	a pair of swimming goggles, to protect a swimmer's eyes
platformspel	n	het · mv. platformspellen	platform game
stierlijk	d		emphatically, in a grim way, to a high degree
spoorwegstation	n	het · mv. spoorwegstations	railway station, railroad station
zegelbewaarder	n	de · mv. zegelbewaarders	a keeper of the seal, (state) official entrusted with major documents
Borculo	m		a city and former municipality of Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Beltrum	m		a village and former municipality of Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Eibergen	m		a village and former municipality of Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Geesteren	m		a village and former municipality of Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands; a village in Tubbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Gelselaar	m		a village in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Haarlo	m		a village in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Neede	m		a village and former municipality of Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Noordijk	m		a village in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rekken	m		a village in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Rietmolen	m		a village in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ruurlo	m		a village and former municipality of Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Avest	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Brammelerbroek	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Brinkmanshoek	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Broeke	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Dijkhoek	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heure	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Holterhoek	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hoonte	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hupsel	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kisveld	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kulsdom	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Leo-Stichting	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lintvelde	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lochuizen	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Mallem	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nederbiel	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Noordijkerveld	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oosterveld	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Overbiel	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Respelhoek	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ruwenhof	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Schependom	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Spilbroek	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Waterhoek	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zwilbroek	m		a hamlet in Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Marsverkenner	n	de · mv. Marsverkenners	Mars rover
staatsblad	n	het · mv. staatsbladen	an official periodical publication in which laws in the widest sense are…
nachtwinkel	n	de · mv. nachtwinkels	a convenience store licensed to operate after regular closing time
kermiskoers	n	de · mv. kermiskoersen	a race, notably in cycling, organized at the occasion of a (usually annual)…; any event of local, limited interest
boeienkoning	n	de · mv. boeienkoningen	an escape artist
Barchem	m		a village in Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Eefde	m		a village in Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Epse	m		a village in Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Exel	m		a village in Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Gorssel	m		a village and former municipality of Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Harfsen	m		a village in Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ampsen	m		a hamlet in Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Armhoede	m		a hamlet in Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nettelhorst	m		a hamlet in Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zwiep	m		a hamlet in Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oolde	m		a hamlet in Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Berkeloord	m		a neighborhood of Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
steekwond	n	de · mv. steekwonden	a stab wound, injury inflicted by stabbing
hardleers	a		obdurate, stubbornly refusing to change or learn
doodsteek	n	de · mv. doodsteken	a fatal stab; anything fatal or highly damaging to someone or something; a deathblow
Warnsveld	m		a village and former municipality of Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bronsbergen	m		a hamlet in Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Leesten	m		a hamlet in Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ooyerhoek	m		a neighborhood of Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands
presbyteriaan	n	de · mv. presbyterianen	Presbyterian
presbyteriaans	a		Presbyterian
presbyterianisme	n	het	Presbyterianism
Stiermarken	m		Styria
wondermiddel	n	het · mv. wondermiddelen	a miracle cure, which 'works wonders', notably when everything else fails
leerplicht	n	de	an obligation to receive education, legal obligation for children (usually…
melkmachine	n	de · mv. melkmachines	a milking machine
troosteloos	a		unconsoled; inconsolable; grim, depressing, hopeless
skibril	n	de · mv. skibrillen	a pair of skiing goggles, designed to protect a skier's eyes
Eerbeek	m		a village in Brummen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Empe	m		a village in Brummen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Leuvenheim	m		a village in Brummen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Coldenhove	m		a hamlet in Brummen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Cortenoever	m		a hamlet in Brummen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oeken	m		a hamlet in Brummen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Rhienderen	m		a hamlet in Brummen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Tonden	m		a hamlet in Brummen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Voorstonden	m		a hamlet in Brummen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Drees	m		a surname originating as a patronymic, meaning “child of Dré / André”
pluimstaart	n	de · mv. pluimstaarten	a bushy tail
zondagsrijder	n	de · mv. zondagsrijders	a Sunday driver, inexperienced at the wheel and hence either slow or prone…
Opper-Egypte	m		Upper Egypt, the high, southern part of Egypt, upstream the Nile from…
Beneden-Egypte	m		Lower Egypt
Boven-Egypte	m		Upper Egypt, the part of Ancient Egypt south of Memphis
Neder-Egypte	m		Lower Egypt, the part of Ancient Egypt north of Memphis, downstream the Nile
Bussloo	m		a village in Voorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nijbroek	m		a village and former municipality of Voorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Terwolde	m		a village in Voorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Teuge	m		a village in Voorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wilp	m		a village and former municipality of Voorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wilp-Achterhoek	m		a village in Voorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Appen	m		a hamlet in Voorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Duistervoorde	m		a hamlet in Voorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Gietelo	m		a hamlet in Voorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Noord-Empe	m		a hamlet in Voorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Posterenk	m		a hamlet in Voorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Spekhoek	m		a hamlet in Voorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Steenenkamer	m		a hamlet in Putten, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Voorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hietweide	m		a neighborhood of Voorst, Gelderland, Netherlands
homogenezing	n	de · mv. homogenezingen	conversion therapy
Beekbergen	m		a village and former municipality of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hoenderloo	m		a village in Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Klarenbeek	m		a village in Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Loenen	m		a village and former municipality of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands; a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Uddel	m		a village in Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ugchelen	m		a village in Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wenum-Wiesel	m		a village in Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Beemte-Broekland	m		a hamlet in Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Gerritsflesch	m		a hamlet in Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Groenendaal	m		a hamlet in Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lieren	m		a village in Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Meerveld	m		a hamlet in Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Milligen	m		a hamlet in Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oosterhuizen	m		a hamlet in Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Zilven	m		a hamlet in Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Brinkhorst	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Sprengenbos	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Driehuizen	m		a village in Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Westenenk	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Winkewijert	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Brouwersmolen	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wernem	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Brummelhof	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Welgelegen	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao; a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Schoonlocht	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Steenkamp	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zevenhuizen	m		a village and former municipality of Zuidplas, South Holland, Netherlands; a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Sluisoord	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Anklaar	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kerschoten	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Stadhoudersmolen	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Woudhuis	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
laatstejaars	n	de · mv. laatstejaars	a student or pupil in one's last year, in particular at a university or…
tuinklauw	n	de · mv. tuinklauwen	a garden claw, gardening tool to single-handedly grip bulbs, loosen soil et…
berenklauw	n	de · mv. berenklauwen	the claw of a bear; hogweed, any plant species of the genus Heracleum, from the family Apiaceae; a Dutch snack consisting of a sliced meatball and a sliced onion on a skewer…
vierpotig	a		four-legged, said of a non-humanoid animal
Boschheurne	m		a hamlet in Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Emst	m		a village in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oene	m		a village in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vaassen	m		a village and former municipality of Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Boshoek	m		a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Dijkhuizen	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Geerstraat	m		a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Gortel	m		a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hanendorp	m		a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Laarstraat	m		a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Loobrink	m		a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Niersen	m		a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
kromtaal	n	de · mv. kromtalen	linguistically crooked phrasing, clumsy use of language
Schaveren	m		a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Tongeren	m		a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a city in Tongeren-Borgloon, Limburg, Belgium
Vemde	m		a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zuuk	m		a hamlet in Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heggerenk	m		a neighborhood of Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Burgerenk	m		a neighborhood of Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
vaktaal	n	de · mv. vaktalen	generic term for professional jargon
contactkoor	n	het · mv. contactkoren	a choir for persons with dementia
erezaak	n	de · mv. erezaken	a matter of honor; a point of honor
strafproces	n	de · mv. strafprocessen	a criminal court case, trial under criminal law, where the accused risks…
Veessen	m		a village and former municipality of Heerde, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vorchten	m		a village in Heerde, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bakhuisbos	m		a hamlet in Heerde, Gelderland, Netherlands
Berghuizen	m		a village in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Heerde, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in West Maas en Waal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hoornerveen	m		a hamlet in Heerde, Gelderland, Netherlands
Horsthoek	m		a hamlet in Heerde, Gelderland, Netherlands
Markluiden	m		a hamlet in Heerde, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wapenveld-Noord	m		a hamlet in Heerde, Gelderland, Netherlands
Werven	m		a hamlet in Heerde, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kolthoorn	m		a hamlet in Heerde, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zuppeld	m		a neighborhood of Heerde, Gelderland, Netherlands
halszaak	n	de · mv. halszaken	a trial for a capital crime, where the accused risks the death penalty; any crucial, decisive matter, of grave consequence
landroofdier	n	het · mv. landroofdieren	a terrestrial predator
strafrechter	n	het · mv. strafrechters	a judge administering criminal law
wasbord	n	het · mv. wasborden	a washboard, to do laundry on; a six pack (pronounced abdominal muscles)
visolie	n	de · mv. visoliën	fish oil, a type of natural oil derived from the tissues of oily fish; fish oil, a dietary supplement made up of the above oil
viervoudig	a		quadruple, fourfold
brandgevaar	n	het · mv. brandgevaren	a fire hazard, risk of causing flames
soepbord	n	het · mv. soepborden	a deep plate, for serving soup
duivel-doet-al	n	de · mv. duivels-doet-al	a factotum, jack of all trades
slavenhouder	n	de · mv. slavenhouders	a slaveholder, a slave owner
Kerkdorp	m		a hamlet in Oldebroek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Noordeinde	m		a village in Oldebroek, Gelderland, Netherlands; a village in Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands; a village in Nieuwkoop, South Holland, Netherlands
Oosterwolde	m		a village and former municipality of Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands; a village and former municipality of Oldebroek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bovenveen	m		a hamlet in Oldebroek, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leidschendam-Voorburg, South Holland, Netherlands
Duinkerken	m		a hamlet in Oldebroek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Eekt	m		a hamlet in Oldebroek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Mullegen	m		a hamlet in Oldebroek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Posthoorn	m		a hamlet in Oldebroek, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Trutjeshoek	m		a hamlet in Oldebroek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Voskuil	m		a hamlet in Oldebroek, Gelderland, Netherlands
druifluis	n	de · mv. druifluizen	phylloxera (Daktulosphaira vitifoliae, an aphid); the diseased condition it inflicts on grape vines
bijles	n	de · mv. bijlessen	a tutoring (session) (additional instruction outside of the regular curriculum)
stiefmoederlijk	a		stepmotherly, regarding a stepmother; meanly, badly, stepmotherly, like an evil stepmother; especially neglectful
hardloper	n	de · mv. hardlopers	a runner
Doornspijk	m		a village and former municipality of Elburg, Gelderland, Netherlands
Aperloo	m		a hamlet in Elburg, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oostendorp	m		a hamlet in Elburg, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wessinge	m		a hamlet in Elburg, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nieuwstad	m		a hamlet in Bree, Belgium; a hamlet in Elburg, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Elspeet	m		a village in Nunspeet, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hulshorst	m		a village in Nunspeet, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vierhouten	m		a village in Nunspeet, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oosteinde	m		a village in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands; a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Nunspeet, Gelderland, Netherlands
Westeinde	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Nunspeet, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Enkhuizen, North Holland, Netherlands
Hierden	m		a village in Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Duinen	m		a hamlet in Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Elim	m		a village in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Drie	m		a hamlet in Ermelo, Gelderland, Netherlands
Houtdorp	m		a hamlet in Ermelo, Gelderland, Netherlands
Leuvenum	m		a hamlet in Ermelo, Gelderland, Netherlands
Speuld	m		a hamlet in Ermelo, Gelderland, Netherlands
Staverden	m		a city in Ermelo, Gelderland, Netherlands
Telgt	m		a hamlet in Ermelo, Gelderland, Netherlands
Tonsel	m		a hamlet in Ermelo, Gelderland, Netherlands
brokkenpiloot	n	de · mv. brokkenpiloten	a bungler, someone who frequently causes mishaps, especially in vehicular…
Bijsteren	m		a hamlet in Putten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Diermen	m		a hamlet in Putten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Gerven	m		a hamlet in Putten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Halvinkhuizen	m		a hamlet in Putten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hoef	m		a hamlet in Putten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Huinen	m		a hamlet in Putten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Huinerbroek	m		a hamlet in Putten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Huinerwal	m		a hamlet in Putten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Koudhoorn	m		a hamlet in Putten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Krachtighuizen	m		a hamlet in Putten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Veenhuizerveld	m		a hamlet in Putten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hoevelaken	m		a village and former municipality of Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nijkerkerveen	m		a village in Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Doornsteeg	m		a hamlet in Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Driedorp	m		a hamlet in Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Holk	m		a hamlet in Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Holkerveen	m		a hamlet in Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kruishaar	m		a hamlet in Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nekkeveld	m		a hamlet in Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Prinsenkamp	m		a hamlet in Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Slichtenhorst	m		a hamlet in Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wullenhoven	m		a hamlet in Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Corlaer	m		a neighborhood of Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands; a surname
Bogor	m		Bogor (a city in West Java, Indonesia)
kapelmeester	n	de · mv. kapelmeesters	chapelmaster (director of music in a chapel); leader of an orchestra, e.g. a conductor
paradijselijk	a		paradisaical, pertaining to or similar to paradise
rugslag	n	de	the backstroke, a style of swimming face-up
handenarbeid	n	de	manual labour
Radenbond	m		Soviet Union (a former transcontinental country in Europe and Asia…
Garderen	m		a village and former municipality of Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Harselaar	m		a village in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kootwijkerbroek	m		a village in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Stroe	m		a village in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Terschuur	m		a village in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Voorthuizen	m		a village and former municipality of Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zwartebroek	m		a village in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Boeschoten	m		a hamlet in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Boveneinde	m		a hamlet in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Drieënhuizen	m		a hamlet in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Esveld	m		a hamlet in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Garderbroek	m		a hamlet in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kallenbroek	m		a hamlet in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ouwendorp	m		a hamlet in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zeumeren	m		a hamlet in Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Holevoet	m		a neighborhood of Scherpenzeel, Gelderland, Netherlands
virusdeeltje	n	het · mv. virusdeeltjes	a virus particle
etnarch	n	de · mv. etnarchen	ethnarch
trouwdag	n	de · mv. trouwdagen	the wedding day, date when a couple weds each other, starting marriage
schrikachtig	a		anxious, jittery, prone to fear and being startled
dienstencheque	n	de · mv. dienstencheques	type of voucher, to pay for a limited range of services at home, such as…
balzak	n	de · mv. balzakken	a scrotum, a ballsack; a pouch in a billiard - or pool table
Bennekom	m		a village and former municipality of Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ederveen	m		a village in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Harskamp	m		a village in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lunteren	m		a village and former municipality of Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Otterlo	m		a village and former municipality of Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wekerom	m		a village in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Deelen	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Doesburgerbuurt	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Driesprong	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Eschoten	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hoekelum	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hoog-Baarlo	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Meulunteren	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nederwoud	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nergena	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nieuw-Reemst	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oud-Reemst	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Overwoud	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Roekel	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Walderveen	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Westeneng	m		a hamlet in Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Maandereng	m		a neighborhood of Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
onderzoeksdaad	n	de · mv. onderzoeksdaden	any single action as part of an investigation
trappistenbier	n	het · mv. trappistenbieren	a beer brewed at or under license from a Trappist monastery, which gives it…
lookworst	n	de · mv. lookworsten	a sausage flavored with garlic
gehoorschade	n	de	hearing damage, injury which affects hearing, as caused by excessive noise…
welgezind	a		well-disposed
Judeeër	n	de · mv. Judeeërs	Judaean (native or inhabitant of Judaea)
Judees	a		Judaean (from, of or pertaining to Judaea)
trappist	n	de · mv. trappisten	a Trappist (monk of the Order of Cistercians of the Strict Observance)
flateren	v	flaterde – geflaterd	to blabber, to ramble, to chit-chat; to blunder, to commit an embarrassing error
afzetlint	n	het · mv. afzetlinten	barrier tape
politielint	n	het · mv. politielinten	police tape
Samaritaan	n	de · mv. Samaritanen	Samaritan (native or inhabitant of Samaria; adherent of the Samaritan religion)
oorlogsschuld	n	de · mv. oorlogsschulden	war debt
ereschuld	n	de · mv. ereschulden	debt of honour (non-enforceable obligation to which one feels bound by moral…
lintjesregen	n	de · mv. lintjesregens	the annual large-scale bestowal of royal decorations and inductions into…
vegetatief	a		vegetative, pertaining to vegetation; vegetative, pertaining to the vegetative soul, of itself capable of some…; vegetative, pertaining to plant growth and metabolism
Tarthorst	m		a neighborhood of Wageningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nude	m		a hamlet in Wageningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wageningen-Hoog	m		a hamlet in Wageningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Doorwerth	m		a village and former municipality of Renkum, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heelsum	m		a village in Renkum, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heveadorp	m		a village in Renkum, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oosterbeek	m		a village and former municipality of Renkum, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wolfheze	m		a village in Renkum, Gelderland, Netherlands
Buunderkamp	m		a hamlet in Renkum, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kievitsdel	m		a hamlet in Renkum, Gelderland, Netherlands
Andelst	m		a village in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Driel	m		a village and former municipality of Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hemmen	m		a village and former municipality of Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Herveld	m		a village and former municipality of Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heteren	m		a village and former municipality of Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oosterhout	m		a city and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands; a village in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Randwijk	m		a village in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Slijk-Ewijk	m		a village in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Valburg	m		a village and former municipality of Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zetten	m		a village in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bredelaar	m		a hamlet in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Eimeren	m		a hamlet in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Homoet	m		a hamlet in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Indoornik	m		a hamlet in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lakemond	m		a hamlet in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Leedjes	m		a hamlet in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lijnden	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Merm	m		a hamlet in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Raayen	m		a hamlet in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Snodenhoek	m		a hamlet in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wolferen	m		a hamlet in Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Dodewaard	m		a village and former municipality of Neder-Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Echteld	m		a village and former municipality of Neder-Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
IJzendoorn	m		a village and former municipality of Neder-Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kesteren	m		a village and former municipality of Neder-Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ochten	m		a village and former municipality of Neder-Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Opheusden	m		a village and former municipality of Neder-Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Eldik	m		a hamlet in Neder-Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hien	m		a hamlet in Neder-Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hoogbroek	m		a hamlet in Neder-Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ooij	m		a village in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Neder-Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Pottum	m		a hamlet in Neder-Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wely	m		a hamlet in Neder-Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Drumpt	m		a neighborhood of Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kapel-Avezaath	m		a village in Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wadenoijen	m		a village and former municipality of Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bergakker	m		a hamlet in Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Passewaaij	m		a hamlet in Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighborhood of Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zennewijnen	m		a hamlet in Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands
tegenpool	n	de · mv. tegenpolen	polar opposite; pole opposite to another pole
kostprijs	n	de · mv. kostprijzen	cost price
Barnhoorn	m		a surname
Ingber	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
kladversie	n	de · mv. kladversies	draft version
trekharmonica	n	de · mv. trekharmonica's	melodeon (a portable wind instrument with a keyboard)
eurofilie	n	de	Europhilia, pro-Europeanism (political support for the European Union or…; Europhilia (admiration for European culture)
eurofoob	a		Europhobic, anti-European (politically opposed to the European Union)
eurofoob	n	de · mv. eurofoben	Europhobe, anti-European (political opponent of the European Union)
volksnaam	n	de · mv. volksnamen	demonym; vernacular name, popular name
staatloos	a		stateless, without legal nationality or citizenship
euveldaad	n	de · mv. euveldaden	evil deed
eusocialiteit	n	de	eusociality
eurofederalist	n	de · mv. eurofederalisten	Eurofederalist
bronvermelding	n	de · mv. bronvermeldingen	referencing of sources; enumeration of sources
euthanasieverklaring	n	de · mv. euthanasieverklaringen	a written statement declaring that one desires euthanasia under certain…
evangeliseren	v	evangeliseerde – geëvangeliseerd	to evangelise
euhemerisme	n	het	euhemerism
Maurik	m		a village and former municipality of Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands; a habitational surname
Beusichem	m		a village and former municipality of Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Buurmalsen	m		a village and former municipality of Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Erichem	m		a village in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kerk-Avezaath	m		a village in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lienden	m		a village and former municipality of Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ommeren	m		a village in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ravenswaaij	m		a village in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zoelen	m		a village and former municipality of Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zoelmond	m		a village in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bontemorgen	m		a hamlet in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Essebroek	m		a hamlet in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ganzert	m		a hamlet in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hoogmeien	m		a hamlet in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Leutes	m		a hamlet in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Luchtenburg	m		a hamlet in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lutterveld	m		a hamlet in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Meerten	m		a hamlet in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Meertenwei	m		a hamlet in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ommerenveld	m		a hamlet in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Tweesluizen	m		a hamlet in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zevenmorgen	m		a hamlet in Buren, Gelderland, Netherlands
Goilberdingen	m		a hamlet in Culemborg, Gelderland, Netherlands
Parijsch	m		a neighborhood of Culemborg, Gelderland, Netherlands
Pavijen	m		a neighborhood of Culemborg, Gelderland, Netherlands
Voorkoop	m		a neighborhood of Culemborg, Gelderland, Netherlands
louwmaand	n	de · mv. louwmaanden	January
sprokkelhout	n	het	Dry, fallen branches and twigs (brushwood), generally gathered into a faggot…
Asperen	m		a city and former municipality of West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heukelum	m		a city and former municipality of West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Acquoy	m		a village in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Beesd	m		a village and former municipality of West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
rioolpers	n	de	the gutter press, media eager to bring 'sordid' stories and details
Deil	m		a village and former municipality of West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Enspijk	m		a village in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Gellicum	m		a village in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Haaften	m		a village and former municipality of West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heesselt	m		a village in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hellouw	m		a village in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Herwijnen	m		a village and former municipality of West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Meteren	m		a village in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ophemert	m		a village and former municipality of West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Opijnen	m		a village and former municipality of West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Rhenoy	m		a village in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Rumpt	m		a village in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Tricht	m		a village in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Tuil	m		a village in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Varik	m		a village and former municipality of West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vuren	m		a village and former municipality of West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Waardenburg	m		a village and former municipality of West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Benedeneind	m		a hamlet in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Veenendaal, Utrecht, Netherlands
Boveneind	m		a hamlet in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Krimpen aan den IJssel, South Holland, Netherlands
Friezenwijk	m		a hamlet in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hattelaar	m		a hamlet in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hucht	m		a hamlet in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kerkeneind	m		a hamlet in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Laageinde	m		a hamlet in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Waalwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Pijpekast	m		a hamlet in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Snelleveld	m		a hamlet in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vogelswerf	m		a hamlet in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
sprokkelmaand	n	de · mv. sprokkelmaanden	February
verstandshuwelijk	n	het · mv. verstandshuwelijken	a marriage that has been concluded for rational reasons rather than out of…
melkapparaat	n	het · mv. melkapparaten	a milking machine
domheer	n	de · mv. domheren	a canon priest, member of the chapter (college) attached to a duomo
rozenblad	n	het · mv. rozenbladeren	rose petal
strafzaak	n	de · mv. strafzaken	a criminal court case, trial under criminal law, where the accused risks…
Brakel	m		a village and former municipality of Zaltbommel, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Goirle, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bruchem	m		a village in Zaltbommel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Delwijnen	m		a village in Zaltbommel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kerkwijk	m		a village and former municipality of Zaltbommel, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leiderdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Nederhemert-Noord	m		a village in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nederhemert-Zuid	m		a village in West Betuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nieuwaal	m		a village in Zaltbommel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Poederoijen	m		a village and former municipality of Zaltbommel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zuilichem	m		a village and former municipality of Zaltbommel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Poederoijensehoek	m		a hamlet in Zaltbommel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Alem	m		a village and former municipality of Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ammerzoden	m		a village and former municipality of Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hedel	m		a village and former municipality of Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heerewaarden	m		a village and former municipality of Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hoenzadriel	m		a village in Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hurwenen	m		a village and former municipality of Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kerkdriel	m		a village in Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Velddriel	m		a village in Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wellseind	m		a village in Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Doorning	m		a hamlet in Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oensel	m		a hamlet in Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Slijkwell	m		a hamlet in Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Voorne	m		a hamlet in Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands; an island of South Holland, Netherlands
Wordragen	m		a hamlet in Maasdriel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Beneden-Leeuwen	m		a village in West Maas en Waal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Boven-Leeuwen	m		a village in West Maas en Waal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Altforst	m		a village in West Maas en Waal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Appeltern	m		a village and former municipality of West Maas en Waal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Dreumel	m		a village and former municipality of West Maas en Waal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Maasbommel	m		a village and former municipality of West Maas en Waal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wamel	m		a village and former municipality of West Maas en Waal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Blauwesluis	m		a hamlet in West Maas en Waal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Greffeling	m		a hamlet in West Maas en Waal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Moordhuizen	m		a hamlet in West Maas en Waal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Woerd	m		a hamlet in West Maas en Waal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Afferden	m		a village and former municipality of Druten, Gelderland, Netherlands; a village in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Deest	m		a village in Druten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Horssen	m		a village and former municipality of Druten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Puiflijk	m		a village and former municipality of Druten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Molenhoek	m		a hamlet in Druten, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Heumen, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Neersteind	m		a hamlet in Druten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ewijk	m		a village and former municipality of Beuningen, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Heumen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Weurt	m		a village and former municipality of Beuningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Winssen	m		a village and former municipality of Beuningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hoeve	m		a hamlet in Beuningen, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Beek, Limburg, Netherlands
Alverna	m		a village in Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Balgoij	m		a village and former municipality of Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Batenburg	m		a city and former municipality of Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bergharen	m		a village and former municipality of Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hernen	m		a village and former municipality of Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Leur	m		a village in Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Niftrik	m		a village and former municipality of Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Boskant	m		a village in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bullenkamp	m		a hamlet in Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heiveld	m		a hamlet in Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Klispoel	m		a hamlet in Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lunen	m		a hamlet in Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Teersdijk	m		a hamlet in Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wezel	m		a hamlet in Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Woezik	m		a neighborhood of Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Valendries	m		a neighborhood of Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kraaijenberg	m		a neighborhood of Hattem, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighborhood of Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Aalsburg	m		a neighborhood of Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
stuifmeelkorf	n	de · mv. stuifmeelkorven	pollen basket
borstimplantaat	n	het · mv. borstimplantaten	breast implant
Steenbergen	m		a city and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands; a village in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
robotwagen	n	het · mv. robotwagens	an autonomous or remotely controlled mobile robot
robotkar	n	het · mv. robotkarren	synonym of robotwagen
grasmaand	n	de · mv. grasmaanden	April
bloeimaand	n	de · mv. bloeimaanden	May
hooimaand	n	de · mv. hooimaanden	July
oogstmaand	n	de · mv. oogstmaanden	August
wijnmaand	n	de · mv. wijnmaanden	October
slachtmaand	n	de · mv. slachtmaanden	November
Nederasselt	m		a village in Heumen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Overasselt	m		a village and former municipality of Heumen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Blankenberg	m		a hamlet in Heumen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Schoonenburg	m		a hamlet in Heumen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Sleeburg	m		a hamlet in Heumen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Valenberg	m		a hamlet in Heumen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vogelzang	m		a hamlet in Heumen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Worsum	m		a hamlet in Heumen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bottendaal	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Galgenveld	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Altrade	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hunnerberg	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hengstdal	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Biezen	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands; a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wolfskuil	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hees	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Soest, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heseveld	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Neerbosch	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hazenkamp	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Goffert	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heijendaal	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Grootstal	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hatert	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Brakkenstein	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Tolhuis	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Meijhorst	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lankforst	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Aldenhof	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Malvert	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Weezenhof	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Staddijk	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kerkenbos	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Westkanaaldijk	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bijsterhuizen	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
LIMOS	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ressen	m		a village in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Dukenburg	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lindenholt	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Waalsprong	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Benedenstad	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Gorinchem, South Holland, Netherlands
Zwanenveld	m		a neighborhood of Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Koudenhoek	m		a hamlet in Nijmegen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Famke	m		a female given name
ex-vriendin	n	de · mv. ex-vriendinnen	ex-girlfriend
ex-vriend	n	de · mv. ex-vrienden	ex-boyfriend
Gendt	m		a city and former municipality of Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Huissen	m		a city and former municipality of Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Angeren	m		a village in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bemmel	m		a village and former municipality of Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Doornenburg	m		a village in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Haalderen	m		a village in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
disrespectvol	a		disrespectful
Bergerden	m		a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Boerenhoek	m		a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Enkhuizen, North Holland, Netherlands
Flieren	m		a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Honderdmorgen	m		a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hulhuizen	m		a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kapel	m		a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Heiloo, North Holland, Netherlands
Kommerdijk	m		a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Looveer	m		a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Sterreschans	m		a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vossenpels	m		a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zandheuvel	m		a hamlet in Lingewaard, Gelderland, Netherlands
Breedeweg	m		a village in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Erlecom	m		a hamlet in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
brontaal	n	de · mv. brontalen	source language
doeltaal	n	de · mv. doeltalen	target language
rijexamen	n	het · mv. rijexamens	driving exam
evolutieleer	n	de	theory of evolution
evolutietheorie	n	de	theory of evolution
Kekerdom	m		a village in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Leuth	m		a village in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Persingen	m		a village in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Ubbergen	m		a village and former municipality of Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bruuk	m		a hamlet in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Grafwegen	m		a hamlet in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Groenlanden	m		a hamlet in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Holdeurn	m		a hamlet in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Tiengeboden	m		a hamlet in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Valkenlaagte	m		a hamlet in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wercheren	m		a hamlet in Berg en Dal, Gelderland, Netherlands
luitenant-admiraal-generaal	n		a naval rank below admiraal (“full admiral”) and above luitenant-admiraal…
leliehaantje	n	het · mv. leliehaantjes	scarlet lily beetle (Lilioceris lilii, a leaf beetle that eats various parts…
hoofdbreker	n	de · mv. hoofdbrekers	a grave worry, concern, nuisance or unpleasant problem, which may give you a…
visvork	n	de · mv. visvorken	a fish fork, type of fork for eating fish
wijnrek	n	het · mv. wijnrekken	a wine rack
rentevoet	n	de · mv. rentevoeten	interest rate
voetenbank	n	de · mv. voetenbanken	a footstool
vakantieadres	n	het · mv. vakantieadressen	a temporary address, where one stays or can be reached during a holiday
sterevolutie	n	de	stellar evolution
evolutiebioloog	n	de · mv. evolutiebiologen	evolutionary biologist
schoolexamen	n	het · mv. schoolexamens	a school-based exam; the weighted average mark of all school-based tests of a certain importance…
excellentie	n	de · mv. excellenties	excellence, greatness; A formal title of address used for certain dignitaries, such as heads of…
solvabiliteit	n	de	solvency, the ability to honor one's financial obligations, notably debts
vermogensaanwasbelasting	n	de · mv. vermogensaanwasbelastingen	a capital gains tax, on increased value of assets, rather then on income…
examenuitslag	n	de · mv. examenuitslagen	the result of an exam, which grade or score the student obtained
studiemeester	n	de · mv. studiemeesters	a junior member of school staff, who isn't qualified to teach but rather…
bankdirecteur	n	de · mv. bankdirecteuren	bank manager, the managing director of a bank (branch)
Ranst	m		Ranst (a village and municipality of Antwerp, Belgium); a habitational surname, Ranst
taalvak	n	het · mv. taalvakken	an educational subject in which a language is taught
schooldirecteur	n	de · mv. schooldirecteuren	the principal or headmaster in general charge of a school
bedrijfstak	n	de · mv. bedrijfstakken	a branch of business, as defined by specific products or services
koorzanger	n	de · mv. koorzangers	a chorister, singer in a choir
springtouw	n	het · mv. springtouwen	a skipping rope
Dichteren	m		a neighborhood of Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Overberkel	m		a neighborhood of Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lichtenhorst	m		a neighborhood of Berkelland, Gelderland, Netherlands
chargen	v	chargede – gecharged	to charge (to add energy to)
Nederhemert	m		a former municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands
Verwolde	m		a former hamlet and former municipality of Gelderland, Netherlands
beursbengel	n	de · mv. beursbengels	a bell used as a signal in the stock exchange
beursmakelaar	n	de · mv. beursmakelaars	a stockbroker
beursagent	n	de · mv. beursagenten	a stockbroker
zeeroofdier	n	het · mv. zeeroofdieren	a marine predator
verzekeringsmakelaar	n	de · mv. verzekeringsmakelaars	an insurance broker
rouwproces	n	het · mv. rouwprocessen	a mourning process, how one deals with a death or other major loss
executieverkoop	n	de · mv. executieverkopen	sale by execution, foreclosure
kweekprogramma	n	het · mv. kweekprogramma's	a program to coordinate breeding organisms to select, genetically improve or…
exercitie	n	de · mv. exercities	drill, military exercise; exercise, problem on which one practices as part of training; exercise, any act of putting something into practice
nonnentet	n	de · mv. nonnentetten	chocolate-coated cream or marshmallow treat
jodelaar	n	de · mv. jodelaars	a yodeller
plottwist	n	de · mv. plottwists	plot twist
plotwending	n	de · mv. plotwendingen	plot twist
kroeshaar	n	het · mv. kroesharen	kinky hair (strongly curled hair); a single kinky hair
ontembaar	a		untameable, indomitable
bloedgever	n	de · mv. bloedgevers	a blood donor
dagploeg	n	de · mv. dagploegen	a team working a dayshift
ploegstaart	n	de · mv. ploegstaarten	a ploughtail
staartveer	n	de · mv. staartveren	a tailfeather
vlinderslag	n	de · mv. vlinderslagen	a butterfly stroke, a swimming style
basya	n	de · mv. basya's	Maroon or Amerindian assistant village chief; the lowest tier in the…; enslaved person charged with overseeing work at a plantation and…
titanengevecht	n	het · mv. titanengevechten	titanic fight
padvinder	n	de · mv. padvinders	a boy scout; a member of the scout movement
padvindster	n	de · mv. padvindsters	a female member of the scout movement
schuimzoen	n	de · mv. schuimzoenen	a chocolate-coated cream or marshmallow treat
chocozoen	n	de · mv. chocozoenen	a chocolate-coated cream or marshmallow treat
exorciseren	v	exorciseerde – geëxorciseerd	to exorcise; to free from a demon or evil spirit; to cast out (a demon or…
bochtenwerk	n	het	the act of art of following a twisted, curvaceous path or route; the act of twisting, digressing in one's actions, without following a single…
zeebries	n	de · mv. zeebriezen	a sea breeze, mild wind blowing sea air to land
koorzangeres	n	de · mv. koorzangeressen	a female chorister, a songstress in a choir
Schrijvershoek	m		a neighborhood of Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zonnemaat	m		a neighborhood of Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lentemorgen	m		a neighborhood of Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Methen	m		a neighborhood of Zevenaar, Gelderland, Netherlands
Overstegen	m		a neighborhood of Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Schöneveld	m		a neighborhood of Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
IJkenberg	m		a neighborhood of Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bezelhorst	m		a neighborhood of Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Matendreef	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Matenhorst	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Matendonk	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Matenhoeve	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Matengaarde	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Matenhoek	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Osseveld	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Sprenkelaar	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hommelbrink	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Sokkenbuurt	m		a neighborhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vegtelarij	m		a neighborhood of Epe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Tinnegieter	m		a neighbourhood of Beuningen, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighborhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Tweelingstad	m		a neighborhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Stadsdennen	m		a neighborhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Stadsweiden	m		a neighborhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Strijland	m		a neighborhood of Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Paasbos	m		a neighborhood of Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kernhem	m		a neighborhood of Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
windbuil	n	de · mv. windbuilen	a windbag, excessively talkative person; various terms of abuse for (loud) persons, such as boaster; a puffy type of pastry
donorbloed	n	het	blood provided by blood donors
troosteloosheid	n	de	grimness, dreariness
verspringer	n	de · mv. verspringers	a long jumper
slavenhaler	n	de · mv. slavenhalers	one who fetches slaves for sale; a slave ship, as used by the above
paradijskostuum	n	het · mv. paradijskostuums	someone's birthday suit; one's state of nudity
Muiderberg	m		a village in Gooise Meren, North Holland, Netherlands
ritmeester	n	de · mv. ritmeesters	a rittmaster, a cavalry officer of a rank equivalent to captain
slavenfort	n	het · mv. slavenforten	slave fort
wapenrok	n	de · mv. wapenrokken	a military surcoat with heraldic designs, often of knee-length, worn in the…; a coat as part of a military uniform
algoed	a		omnibenevolent
goedgemutst	a		being in a good mood, in high spirits, cheerful
goedzak	n	de · mv. goedzakken	a good-natured but usually somewhat oafish man
goedschiks	a		decently, observing norms of decorum, through benevolent means; willingly, of one's own accord
melocake	n	de · mv. melocakes	a chocolate-coated cream or marshmallow treat
mellowcake	n	de · mv. mellowcakes	a chocolate-coated cream or marshmallow treat
goegemeente	n	de	the general public, particularly when regarded uncritical; the unthinking rabble
wapendepot	n	het · mv. wapendepots	arms depot
wapenmagazijn	n	het · mv. wapenmagazijnen	arms depot
wapenbroeder	n	de · mv. wapenbroeders	brother-in-arms, comrade
wapenhandelaar	n	de · mv. wapenhandelaren	arms dealer, arms trader
wapenindustrie	n	de · mv. wapenindustrieën	arms industry
wapenstuk	n	het · mv. wapenstukken	a coat of arms or a work depicting a coat of arms; a piece of a person's military gear; a wieldable weapon or a piece of armour
werpwapen	n	het · mv. werpwapens	throwing weapon, thrown weapon
belegeringswapen	n	het · mv. belegeringswapens	siege weapon
handwapen	n	het · mv. handwapens	a weapon that can be wielded in one hand
slotenmaker	n	de · mv. slotenmakers	a locksmith
steekwapen	n	het · mv. steekwapens	a stabbing or thrusting weapon, particularly one of a smaller size such as a…
geselkat	n	de · mv. geselkatten	a scourge, multi-tail flogging implement, such as a cat-o'-nine-tails
stroppenpot	n	de · mv. stroppenpotten	a financial reserve to cope with irregular costs or losses
krulhaar	n	het	curly hair
dekbok	n	de · mv. dekbokken	a pony (buck, contraption) destined to be mounted by an erect stud so his…; a buck (male goat) kept for the purpose of breeding
pedopartij	n	de	a political party that serves the interests of paedophiles, chiefly used for…
wapenknecht	n	de · mv. wapenknechten	an armed retainer who fought in battle, as opposed to a squire, particularly…
viervorst	n	de · mv. viervorsten	synonym of tetrarch
halsheer	n	de · mv. halsheren	a high-ranking feudal lord who is entitled to pass even capital punishment…
pseudo-efedrine	n	de	pseudoephedrine
gijzelnemer	n	de · mv. gijzelnemers	a hostage-taker
godverlaten	a		godforsaken
galwesp	n	de · mv. galwespen	a gall wasp, insect of the family Cynipidae
wapenkoning	n	de · mv. wapenkoningen	a king of arms
haarlijn	n	de · mv. haarlijnen	a hairline
zaagsel	n	het	sawdust
minderheidspartij	n	de · mv. minderheidspartijen	a political party belonging to the political minority, usually but not…
jachtslot	n	het · mv. jachtsloten	a castle or other grand (secondary) residence in the country, fit for hunting
partijtrouw	n	de	loyalty to a party or side, especially to a political party
partijtrouw	a		loyal to a (political) party
geluidloos	a		soundless, inaudible
kankerverwekkend	a		carcinogenic (causing or tending to cause cancer)
kruiven	v	kruifde – gekruifd	to curl
folteraar	n	de · mv. folteraars	a torturer
etappewedstrijd	n	de · mv. etappewedstrijden	a stage race
beroepsdiplomaat	n	de · mv. beroepsdiplomaten	a professional 'career' diplomat, employed indefinitely, as opposed to a…
landbries	n	de · mv. landbriezen	a land breeze, mild wind blowing air from land to sea
drinkfontein	n	de · mv. drinkfonteinen	a drinking fountain; a modified bottle for birds to drink from
geselpaal	n	de · mv. geselpalen	a whipping post, a pole used to fixate a flogging victim
trompetvogel	n	de · mv. trompetvogels	an agami, a grey-winged trumpeter, Psophia crepitans; a trumpeter, any bird in the genus Psophia and the monogeneric family Psophiidae
abdijbier	n	het · mv. abdijbieren	a beer brewed at or under license from an abbey (monastery), which gives it…
droombeeld	n	het · mv. droombeelden	an image from a dream; a mirage, illusion, impossible wish or aspiration
tachtigjarig	a		eighty years old; eighty years long
ontwapening	n	de · mv. ontwapeningen	disarmament
bankkaart	n	de · mv. bankkaarten	a bank card
onbemiddeld	a		poor, without significant assets
betaalkaart	n	de · mv. betaalkaarten	a payment card
diepzee	n	de · mv. diepzeeën	the deep sea, the deep part of all the world's seas and oceans, viewed…; a deep sea, a profound part of an ocean or sea
vuilniskar	n	de · mv. vuilniskarren	a cart to transport garbage; a garbage disposal truck
tijdrijden	v		to participate in a time trial, to race against the clock
klimroos	n	de · mv. klimrozen	a climbing rose
stamroos	n	de · mv. stamrozen	a standard rose, flowering rose cultivar growing grafted on another variety
huismerk	n	het · mv. huismerken	a hereditary physical mark of ownership on properties, also used as a signature; a house brand
koeherder	n	de · mv. koeherders	a cowherder
fantoompijn	n	de · mv. fantoompijnen	phantom pain
kromspraak	n	de	linguistically crooked phrasing, clumsy use of language
trompetgeschal	n	het	the sound of trumpets, trumpeting
duivenmelker	n	de · mv. duivenmelkers	pigeon fancier, pigeon keeper, pigeon breeder
oogstseizoen	n	het · mv. oogstseizoenen	the harvest season
kwartfinale	n	de · mv. kwartfinales	a quarterfinal
kaasburger	n	de · mv. kaasburgers	a cheeseburger, a hamburger topped with cheese or a cheese substitute; a burger containing cheese, possibly a vegetarian burger
oliebron	n	de · mv. oliebronnen	an oil well
vuilniswagen	n	de · mv. vuilniswagens	a refuse truck, a garbage truck
felgekleurd	a		brightly coloured, flashy
wandeltempo	n	het · mv. wandeltempo's	a walking pace
meesterproef	n	de · mv. meesterproeven	masterpiece (work created in order to qualify as a master craftsman and…
ijlbode	n	de · mv. ijlboden	an express messenger, sent to speedily deliver an urgent tiding
godenwereld	n	de · mv. godenwerelden	a pantheon, a group of gods who are associated with each other; an abode of the gods, a realm of the gods
godenberg	n	de · mv. godenbergen	a mountain where gods reside
coronavaccin	n	het · mv. coronavaccins	a vaccine against a disease caused by a corona virus, especially against…
drukpunt	n	het · mv. drukpunten	a pressure point, especially in therapy or martial arts
hoogseizoen	n	het · mv. hoogseizoenen	high season, peak season
laagseizoen	n	het · mv. laagseizoenen	low season, off-season
soepkom	n	de · mv. soepkommen	soup bowl
soepgroente	n	de · mv. soepgroenten	vegetables used in soup; a (type of) vegetable used in soup
zenuwcentrum	n	het · mv. zenuwcentra	nerve centre
proefwerk	n	het · mv. proefwerken	a major written school test, especially in secondary education
seizoensproduct	n	het · mv. seizoensproducten	seasonal product
soepterrine	n	de · mv. soepterrines	a terrine type of deep dish to serve soup in
centrumpartij	n	de · mv. centrumpartijen	a political party in the centre of the ideological spectrum, in between left…
telewerk	n	het	the practice of telecommuting, using telecommunications technology (mainly…
olielek	n	het · mv. olielekken	oil leak
oliecrisis	n	de · mv. oliecrises	a crisis in the supply of fossil oil, in particular one that occurred in the…
olie-industrie	n	de · mv. olie-industrieën	oil industry
oliebollenkraam	n	de · mv. oliebollenkramen	A stall where oliebollen and similar deep-fried pastry are sold
oliestook	n	de	the burning of oil as fuel
oliepijpleiding	n	de · mv. oliepijpleidingen	oil pipeline
zeekaart	n	de · mv. zeekaarten	sea chart, sea map
zeegevecht	n	het · mv. zeegevechten	a naval battle
zeevliegtuig	n	het · mv. zeevliegtuigen	a seaplane, an aeroplane capable of landing and taking off at sea
zeeplant	n	de · mv. zeeplanten	a marine plant
zeehandel	n	de	marine trade
zeegod	n	de · mv. zeegoden	a god of the sea
zeedraak	n	de · mv. zeedraken	a sea dragon, a marine dragon
zeepok	n	de · mv. zeepokken	acorn barnacle, barnacle of the order Sessilia
Centrumpartij	m		a defunct far-right anti-immigrant political party in the Netherlands
middenpartij	n	de · mv. middenpartijen	a centrist political party
bestuurscentrum	n	het · mv. bestuurscentra	a governing centre
sportcentrum	n	het · mv. sportcentra	a sports centre, a sports facility
meisken	n	het · mv. meiskens	girl; maiden
zeemanschap	n	het	seamanship
parochiekerk	n	de · mv. parochiekerken	a parish church
parochiekapel	n	de · mv. parochiekapellen	a parish chapel
parochieschool	n	de · mv. parochiescholen	a parish school, a confessional school administered by a parish
parochieboek	n	het · mv. parochieboeken	an ecclesiastical register of a parish, usually listing the members of a…
zeeverkenner	n	de · mv. zeeverkenners	a sea scout (member of the scouting movement focused on water-based activities)
zeekrijg	n	de · mv. zeekrijgen	naval war
zeekunde	n	de	skill in navigation (at sea); oceanography
zeestraat	n	de · mv. zeestraten	sea strait
Nigerees	n	de · mv. Nigerezen	Nigerien
Nigerees	a		Nigerien
pinpas	n	de · mv. pinpassen	PIN card, debit card
zeeverbinding	n	de · mv. zeeverbindingen	connection to sea, access to sea over water
windturbine	n	de · mv. windturbines	a wind turbine
songket	n	de	a type of cloth from the Malay Archipelago made of silk or cotton interwoven…
machtsgeil	a		power-hungry
profvoetballer	n	de · mv. profvoetballers	professional football player
profvoetbalster	n	de · mv. profvoetbalsters	female professional football player
mediademocratie	n	de · mv. mediademocratieën	a democracy in which mass media form a crucial source of political…
diepvriesbaby	n	de · mv. diepvriesbaby's	a baby who has developed from a frozen and re-implanted embryo, within the…
condoleanceregister	n	het · mv. condoleanceregisters	book of condolence, condolence book
jabroer	n	de · mv. jabroers	a yes man, a male sycophant or weathervane
brokaat	n	het	brocade, heavy fabric interwoven with threads of precious metal
vrederijk	n	het · mv. vrederijken	kingdom of peace (usually in relation to eschatology)
vrederijk	a		peaceful, full of peace
hofdienaar	n	de · mv. hofdienaren	courtly servant
zeeklei	n	de · mv. zeekleien	marine clay
rivierklei	n	de · mv. rivierkleien	riverine clay
keerweer	n	de · mv. keerweren	a dead-ended road
kenspreuk	n	de · mv. kenspreuken	a motto display on a coat of arms or an artwork, or associated with a…
ereburger	n	de · mv. ereburgers	a freeman (in England); honorary citizen (elsewhere), a title individually awarded for merit by…
zielsverwant	n	de · mv. zielsverwanten	a soulmate; a kindred spirit
zielsverwant	a		having a kindred spirit
keest	n	de · mv. keesten	germ, seed
exhalatie	n	de · mv. exhalaties	exhalation
kernoorlog	n	de · mv. kernoorlogen	nuclear war
atoomoorlog	n	de · mv. atoomoorlogen	atomic war, nuclear war
onafhankelijkheidsoorlog	n	de · mv. onafhankelijkheidsoorlogen	war of independence
oorlogspad	n	het · mv. oorlogspaden	warpath
oorlogstijd	n	de · mv. oorlogstijden	wartime, period of war
oorlogstuig	n	het	military equipment, weapons of war, war machines
strooizout	n	het	road salt
oorlogsgod	n	de · mv. oorlogsgoden	god of war
onderzeebootoorlog	n	de · mv. onderzeebootoorlogen	submarine war, submarine warfare
duikbootoorlog	n	de · mv. duikbootoorlogen	submarine war, submarine warfare
raskat	n	de · mv. raskatten	a pedigreed cat
jeugdvriend	n	de · mv. jeugdvrienden	a childhood friend
oorlogsslachtoffer	n	het · mv. oorlogsslachtoffers	war victim
jeugdzonde	n	de · mv. jeugdzonden	sin of one's youth, sin of youth
lentedag	n	de · mv. lentedagen	a day in spring
onderzoeksrechter	n	de · mv. onderzoeksrechters	examining magistrate
vijlvis	n	de · mv. vijlvissen	a filefish, member of the family Monacanthidae
zomerdag	n	de · mv. zomerdagen	a day in summer
strafregister	n	het · mv. strafregisters	a criminal record
herfstdag	n	de · mv. herfstdagen	a day in autumn
keersluis	n	de · mv. keersluizen	a sluice whose primary function is blocking high water
keerkringsland	n	het · mv. keerkringslanden	a country or region in the tropics
keerdam	n	de · mv. keerdammen	a dam whose purpose is completely blocking water (as opposed to the dam of a…
keerlus	n	de · mv. keerlussen	a turning loop, a looping section of road or track to allow vehicles, in…
keerzijde	n	de · mv. keerzijden	the backside of something, usually a flat object; the reverse; the darker or less pleasant side of someone or something
profaan	a		profane, secular, unconsecrated; profane, sacrilegious
regenboogvlag	n	de · mv. regenboogvlaggen	rainbow flag
jeugdvriendin	n	de · mv. jeugdvriendinnen	a female childhood friend
staatloze	n	de · mv. staatlozen	a stateless, displaced person
lintvis	n	de · mv. lintvissen	any of several lampriform fish, having long, ribbon-like bodies, of the…
dienstgeweer	n	het · mv. dienstgeweren	a long-barrelled service gun
kebon	n	de · mv. kebons	a garden in the Dutch East Indies; a native Indonesian gardener in the service of colonial Europeans
chocolademunt	n	de · mv. chocolademunten	a piece of chocolate shaped like a coin, often wrapped in metallic foil
kerstexamen	n	het · mv. kerstexamens	an exam around the Christmas holiday, on the material covered in the first…
baljuwschap	n	het · mv. baljuwschappen	a bailiwick, judicial district within which a bailiff (or bailie) has…; the office or capacity of bailiff
standpenning	n	de · mv. standpenningen	a standard coin, a model coin; a coin conforming to a certain monetary…
laatstejaarsstudent	n	de · mv. laatstejaarsstudenten	a student or pupil in one's last year, in particular at a university or…
examenkoorts	n	de	stress or nervousness about exams, chiefly in relation to finals
goudstandaard	n	de · mv. goudstandaarden	gold standard
zilverstandaard	n	de · mv. zilverstandaarden	silver standard
keelaandoening	n	de · mv. keelaandoeningen	throat condition (affliction of the throat)
keelarts	n	de · mv. keelartsen	laryngologist (medical practitioner specialised in the throat)
keelamandel	n	de · mv. keelamandelen	tonsil
kazakkendraaier	n	de · mv. kazakkendraaiers	a turncoat, a traitorous opportunist
lijfstraffelijk	a		involving or pertaining to corporal punishment
ladderwagen	n	de · mv. ladderwagens	a fire engine equipped with a ladder
nadrukteken	n	het · mv. nadruktekens	accent mark
Brem	m		a hamlet in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
verbreking	n	de · mv. verbrekingen	a break-up; an annulment, squashing
lidgeld	n	het · mv. lidgelden	a membership fee, contribution to joint funds, e.g. in a club
contributie	n	de · mv. contributies	a contribution to a joint effort; a membership fee
legermier	n	de · mv. legermieren	an army ant (ant of a nomadic species, from varies subfamilies)
dekknecht	n	de · mv. dekknechten	a deckhand
vuurmier	n	de · mv. vuurmieren	a fire ant, ant of the genus Solenopsis
incalelie	n	de · mv. incalelies	any species of alstroemeria, plant of the genus Alstroemeria, especially…
theeplant	n	de · mv. theeplanten	a tea plant
roofbouw	n	de	excessive exploitation, of cultivated land or other resources; predatory…; overstraining
prefectuur	n	de · mv. prefecturen	a prefecture, office and/or jurisdiction of a prefect; a prefecture, administrative division in various countries over time,…
markgraafschap	n	de/het · mv. markgraafschappen	a margravate
roofhol	n	het · mv. roofholen	a robbers' den
notenbalk	n	de · mv. notenbalken	a musical stave, set of lines to write notes on
dakbalk	n	de · mv. dakbalken	a roofbeam
roofoverval	n	de · mv. roofovervallen	hold-up, robbery
meestergast	n	de · mv. meestergasten	a foreman, senior employee who leads a team
arendsnest	n	het · mv. arendsnesten	an eagle's nest; a high-located castle or fortification, especially as base for a robber baron
ridderspoor	n	de · mv. riddersporen	a spur (as) worn by a knight; a larkspur, any flowering plant of the genera Delphinium or Consolida
sponsbad	n	het · mv. sponsbaden	a sponge bath
baaldag	n	de · mv. baaldagen	a day off from work due to a bad mood (usually either as part of an…; a bad day, a day during which one is in a bad mood
pruimtabak	n	de	chewing tobacco
getuigschrift	n	het · mv. getuigschriften	a certificate, written attestation or testimonial
vuilniszak	n	de · mv. vuilniszakken	a garbage bag
zedenleer	n	de · mv. zedenleren	moral philosophy
muziekwetenschap	n	de · mv. muziekwetenschappen	musicology (the scientific study of music)
beukennoot	n	de · mv. beukennoten	a beechnut
lansier	n	de · mv. lansiers	a lancer, soldier armed with a lance; in certain mechanized armies (e.g. in Belgium), member of certain cavalry…
muzieksleutel	n	de · mv. muzieksleutels	a clef, musical key
Sprang	m		a former municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Vliesridder	n	de · mv. Vliesridders	a knight who is a member of the Order of the Golden Fleece
fasleutel	n	de · mv. fasleutels	the F clef, musical key using fa as reference
loperij	n	de	going to one government or company office after another to get paperwork in…
looksaus	n	de · mv. looksausen	a sauce flavored with garlic
jahoor	i		certainly, sure
influisteren	v	fluisterde in – ingefluisterd	to whisper into someone's ear
feesthoed	n	de · mv. feesthoeden	a party hat
examenresultaat	n	het · mv. examenresultaten	the result of an exam, which grade or score the student obtained
bloedgift	n	de · mv. bloedgiften	a blood donation
struikroos	n	de · mv. struikrozen	a bush rose, flowering rose cultivar grown in bush form
reiskoffer	n	de · mv. reiskoffers	a suitcase, to carry luggage for travelling
ploegmaat	n	de · mv. ploegmaten	a teammate
bèta	n	de · mv. bèta's	beta (second letter of the Greek alphabet and certain descended alphabets); a person with proficiency in the hard sciences
ijscrème	n	de · mv. ijscrèmes	ice cream
bosgeest	n	de · mv. bosgeesten	a wood sprite, a wood spirit, a dryad
hagelbui	n	de · mv. hagelbuien	a hailstorm, shower of hail
cederhout	n	het	cedarwood
stadsjongen	n	de · mv. stadsjongens	a city boy
meesterlijk	a		brilliant, excellent
rentestandaard	n	de · mv. rentestandaarden	interest rate
zangkoor	n	het · mv. zangkoren	a vocal choir, people singing together
nachtploeg	n	de · mv. nachtploegen	a team working a night shift
winkelketen	n	de · mv. winkelketens	a chain of stores, sharing a brand and formula
Etterbeek	m		Etterbeek (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region, Belgium)
moerkonijn	n	het · mv. moerkonijnen	a female rabbit
hazenlip	n	de · mv. hazenlippen	harelip
gildeproef	n	de · mv. gildeproeven	a test to obtain (full) membership of a professional guild, notably the rank…; the work which is expertly produced to accomplish such test
cryosfeer	n	de	cryosphere
kofferruimte	n	de · mv. kofferruimtes	a boot, a trunk (luggage compartment of a small road vehicle)
kurassier	n	de · mv. kurassiers	a cuirassier, type of cavalryman
woudgeest	n	de · mv. woudgeesten	a wood sprite, a wood spirit, a dryad
kwelgeest	n	de · mv. kwelgeesten	a tormentor, a pest
bloeddonatie	n	de · mv. bloeddonaties	a blood donation
nachtvlucht	n	de · mv. nachtvluchten	a nocturnal flight, flying by night
huurkoop	n	de · mv. huurkopen	a hire purchase
dorsvlegel	n	de · mv. dorsvlegels	a flail (tool for threshing)
koormuziek	n	de	choir music, choral music
jaarhonderd	n	het · mv. jaarhonderden	a century
muziekgroep	n	de · mv. muziekgroepen	music group (group of music performers)
muziekstuk	n	het · mv. muziekstukken	music piece (musical work)
muzieknoot	n	de · mv. muzieknoten	musical note
vollig	a		complete
vollig	d		completely
bloemenzee	n	de · mv. bloemenzeeën	a large multitude of flowers, whether growing on a plant or as part of…
taxshift	n	de · mv. taxshifts	a change in taxation that eliminates or reduces one or several taxes, and…
experimenteel	a		experimental
imploderen	v	implodeerde – geïmplodeerd	to implode
implosie	n	de · mv. implosies	implosion
expositie	n	de · mv. exposities	an exposition, an exhibit
extatisch	a		ecstatic
contra-expertise	n	de · mv. contra-expertises	expert investigation by a third party when an earlier expert investigation…
vakantieverblijf	n	het · mv. vakantieverblijven	a stay or residence during a holiday
staatslening	n	de · mv. staatsleningen	a government loan, credit with a state as debtor
vlindernet	n	het · mv. vlindernetten	a butterfly net
winterdag	n	de · mv. winterdagen	winter day
slavork	n	de · mv. slavorken	a type of fork for eating salad
bankmanager	n	de · mv. bankmanagers	a bank manager, the managing director of a bank (branch)
turntoestel	n	het · mv. turntoestellen	a gym apparatus
extrapoleren	v	extrapoleerde – geëxtrapoleerd	to extrapolate
bedrijfssector	n	de · mv. bedrijfssectoren	a sector of business, as defined by products and/or services; this may…
khanaat	n	het · mv. khanaten	a khanate, territory ruled by a khan
theebuiltje	n	het · mv. theebuiltjes	tea infuser
goudschat	n	de · mv. goudschatten	a treasure (mainly) comprising gold objects and/or coins
halsrechter	n	de · mv. halsrechters	a high-ranking judge (or court by extension) entitled to pass even capital…
krultang	n	de · mv. krultangen	a pair of curling tongs, a curling iron
schuwheid	n	de	shyness, timidity
geselkoord	n	de/het · mv. geselkoorden	a rope used as flogging implement
tachtigjarige	n	de · mv. tachtigjarigen	an eighty years old person
meerderheidspartij	n	de · mv. meerderheidspartijen	a political party belonging to the political majority, usually but not…
leergeld	n	het · mv. leergelden	a fee for lessons, education; the metaphorical price for some life lesson, wisdom or information
staatloosheid	n	de	statelessness, lacking official nationality or citizenship
altaarknaap	n	de · mv. altaarknapen	altar boy, male acolyte
debetkaart	n	de · mv. debetkaarten	a debit card
foltertuig	n	het · mv. foltertuigen	an instrument of torture
Creil	m		a village in Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands
zoetekauw	n	de · mv. zoetekauwen	a sweet tooth, person with a liking for sweet foods
voorie	n	de · mv. voories	chairperson
renbaan	n	de · mv. renbanen	a racetrack
meerderheidskabinet	n	het · mv. meerderheidskabinetten	a cabinet that commands a parliamentary majority
circusclown	n	de · mv. circusclowns	circus clown
plantenextract	n	het · mv. plantenextracten	plant extract, decoction made from plants
aftreksel	n	het · mv. aftreksels	extract, decoction; weak imitation (often preceded by slap)
geseling	n	de · mv. geselingen	a flogging scourging, whipping; an ordeal
slavenstaat	n	de · mv. slavenstaten	a slave state, where slavery is or was legal, especially in the US
effectenbeurs	n	de · mv. effectenbeurzen	a stock exchanges, stock market
schoppenboer	n	de · mv. schoppenboeren	a jack of spades
debetkolom	n	de · mv. debetkolommen	the debit column or (left) side in double-entry bookkeeping, for dues to the…
proefrit	n	de · mv. proefritten	a test ride or test drive, in particular for a vehicle
onvermogend	a		poor, without significant assets; unable
ruitenboer	n	de · mv. ruitenboeren	a jack of diamonds
patroonfeest	n	het · mv. patroonfeesten	a patron feast, the annual liturgical feast celebrating a patron saint
paradijsachtig	a		paradisaical, similar to paradise
virusinfectie	n	de · mv. virusinfecties	a viral infection
hartenboer	n	de · mv. hartenboeren	a jack of hearts
droomwereld	n	de · mv. droomwerelden	a dreamworld, imaginary world, such as experienced while dreaming; an ideal world, utopia
Bruynzeelwoning	n	de · mv. Bruynzeelwoningen	collective name for several models of prefabricated single-storey wooden…
zwemwater	n	het · mv. zwemwaterren	a (body of) water that is fit to swim in safely
wijnmakerij	n	de · mv. wijnmakerijen	a winery, where wine is physically made from grapes by fermentation,…
Napels	m		Naples (a port city and comune, the capital of the Metropolitan City of…; Naples (a metropolitan city of Campania, established in 2015; in full, the…
soeppot	n	de · mv. soeppotten	a kitchen pot type to make soup in
wandelpas	n	het · mv. wandelpassen	a walking pace
nachtburgemeester	n	de · mv. nachtburgemeesters	a citizen, formally appointed by municipal authorities to preside over the…
danspas	n	de · mv. danspassen	a dance step
werfleider	n	de · mv. werfleiders	a superintendent at a construction site, highest representative of a…
suikerbaron	n	de · mv. suikerbaronnen	a magnate who made his fortune in the (colonial) sugar industry
vredesduif	n	de · mv. vredesduiven	a dove of peace
renbode	n	de · mv. renboden	an express messenger, sent to speedily deliver an urgent tiding, notably on foot
schadeclaim	n	de · mv. schadeclaims	a claim for damage(s) to be compensated
drempelwaarde	n	de · mv. drempelwaarden	a threshold value
dekgeld	n	het · mv. dekgelden	a fee for fertilizing a domesticated animal
vaccinweigeraar	n	de · mv. vaccinweigeraars	a specific recommended vaccine (for fear of side effects); vaccines in general, as a matter of (religious) principle
nevenwerking	n	de · mv. nevenwerkingen	a side effect, secondary impact besides the intended primary effect
carrièrediplomaat	n	de · mv. carrièrediplomaten	a professional career diplomat, employed indefinitely, as opposed to a…
stemplicht	n	de · mv. stemplichten	a legal obligation to cast a vote, notably in an election
subregent	n	de · mv. subregenten	a junior member of Catholic school staff, who isn't qualified to teach but…
tolmuur	n	de · mv. tolmuren	a major fiscal obstacle to trade consisting of heavy customs duties,…
verzekerbaar	a		insurable, eligible for insurance
trouwgetuige	n	de · mv. trouwgetuigen	a witness at a wedding
bangerd	n	de · mv. bangerds	faint-hearted (individual), coward
fietsband	n	de · mv. fietsbanden	a bicycle tire; the inner tube of a bicycle wheel
balkspiraalstelsel	n	het · mv. balkspiraalstelsels	barred spiral galaxy
virusvrij	a		free from viral particles or viral infections
getuigenbank	n	de · mv. getuigenbanken	witness stand
bosmier	n	de · mv. bosmieren	a wood ant, mound-building ant species of the Formica rufa subgeneric group
petroleumbron	n	de · mv. petroleumbronnen	an oil well
telewerker	n	de · mv. telewerkers	a telecommuter, who works from home
tijdrijder	n	de · mv. tijdrijders	a participant in time trial
staalachtig	a		steely, like steel
pruilerig	a		sulky
graafwesp	n	de · mv. graafwespen	a digger wasp, solitary, predatory wasp of the families Sphecidae or…
folterpaal	n	de · mv. folterpalen	a torture pole, to fixate the victim
keermuur	n	de · mv. keermuren	a wall built to avert water from a stretch of land, such as a quay wall
prikklok	n	de · mv. prikklokken	a time clock
uitbuiter	n	de · mv. uitbuiters	one who exploits (people) ruthlessly
nettobetaler	n	de · mv. nettobetalers	net-contributor (one who pays more than receiving back) (especially used of…
logeergast	n	de · mv. logeergasten	a lodger, guest who sleeps over
pruilen	v	pruilde – gepruild	to sulk; to pout
ukkepuk	n	de · mv. ukkepukken	small child, tot, toddler; short person
handvol	n	de/het · mv. handenvol	a handful, relatively small quantity or number
wijnzak	n	de · mv. wijnzakken	a winebag
handarbeider	n	de · mv. handarbeiders	blue-collar worker; manual labourer
groothandelaar	n	de · mv. groothandelaren	a wholesaler
lusthof	n	de · mv. lusthoven	a pleasure garden, for enjoyment rather then horticulture
zwaardlelie	n	de · mv. zwaardlelies	a gladiolus, sword lily, flowering plant of genus Gladiolus
praktijkexamen	n	het · mv. praktijkexamens	an exam consisting in practical tests, or only that part if there is also a…
schoolvriend	n	de · mv. schoolvrienden	a school days friend
stekelbaars	n	de · mv. stekelbaarzen	a stickleback, fish of the family Gasterosteidae
paasexamen	n	het · mv. paasexamens	an exam around the Easter holiday, on the material covered in the second…
schoolvriendin	n	de · mv. schoolvriendinnen	a female schoolfriend
inschattingsfout	n	de · mv. inschattingsfouten	assessment error, misestimation
oorlogsvluchteling	n	de · mv. oorlogsvluchtelingen	a war refugee, who flees the horror/threat of war
zilverrug	n	de · mv. zilverruggen	a silverback gorilla
gastenlijst	n	de · mv. gastenlijsten	a guestlist
verdedigingsoorlog	n	de · mv. verdedigingsoorlogen	a defensive war
klimaatvluchteling	n	de · mv. klimaatvluchtelingen	climate refugee (refugee fleeing from a zone affected by climate change)
zilverfolie	n	de/het · mv. zilverfolies	silver foil
klimaatwetenschap	n	de · mv. klimaatwetenschappen	climatology, climate science
zeeklimaat	n	het · mv. zeeklimaten	maritime climate, marine climate
strijkkwartet	n	het · mv. strijkkwartetten	a string quartet
stadsmens	n	de · mv. stadsmensen	a city dweller, especially one with a fondness for city life
kwintet	n	het · mv. kwintetten	a quintet, a group of five; in particular a music ensemble with five performers; a quintet, a music piece written for five performers
zeeziekte	n	de · mv. zeeziekten	seasickness
klimaatneutraal	a		climate-neutral
kindskind	n	het · mv. kindskinderen	a grandchild
staatsobligatie	n	de · mv. staatsobligaties	a government bond, emitted by a state to finance its debt
kuststaat	n	de · mv. kuststaten	a coastal state
rothumeur	n	het	a rotten mood
godenvergadering	n	de · mv. godenvergaderingen	assembly of the gods; pantheon, especially when assembled for a meeting
vaderfiguur	n	de · mv. vaderfiguren	a father figure
schouwing	n	de · mv. schouwingen	an inspection
wetsdienaar	n	de · mv. wetsdienaren	a policeman, seldom a law enforcer of a different kind
toneelmatig	a		theatrical, like on a stage
wafelbak	n	de	an instance of baking waffles
krijgswet	n	de · mv. krijgswetten	martial law, an exceptional legal condition (as) in war
livreiknecht	n	de · mv. livreiknechten	a liveried servant, such as a lackey
zijderups	n	de · mv. zijderupsen	a silkworm, caterpillar of Bombyx mori
tuinhibiscus	n	de · mv. tuinhibiscussen	Hibiscus syriacus, the most common species of the genus Hibiscus, hardy…
lusttuin	n	de · mv. lusttuinen	a pleasure garden, for enjoyment rather than horticulture
kasteelroman	n	de · mv. kasteelromans	a novel playing on a castle
kasteelheer	n	de · mv. kasteelheren	the lord, master, owner of a castle; a castellan, a chatelain
kopersmid	n	de · mv. kopersmeden	a coppersmith
regeerbaar	a		governable, which can be governed
hemelsleutel	n	de · mv. hemelsleutels	the key to heaven; orpine (Hylotelephium telephium syn. Sedum telephium), a stonecrop; synonym of gulden sleutelbloem (“cowslip, Primula veris”)
vlagofficier	n	de · mv. vlagofficieren	a flag officer, naval equivalent of a general officer
piratenvlag	n	de · mv. piratenvlaggen	a pirate flag, typically black featuring white skull and crossbones
bouwverlof	n	het · mv. bouwverloven	a holiday period of several summer weeks, when most construction firms,…
vakantiekamp	n	het · mv. vakantiekampen	a holiday camp
spokenjacht	n	de · mv. spokenjachten	a ghosthunt
bordeelhouder	n	de · mv. bordeelhouders	a brothelkeeper
karwats	n	de · mv. karwatsen	a single-piece, leather whip, mostly used as riding crop
slachtvee	n	het	slaughter cattle, raised for the meat rather than produce
rekenkamer	n	de · mv. rekenkamers	an official audit office, to control public accounts
jeugdgevangenis	n	de · mv. jeugdgevangenissen	a youth prison, special penitentiary for juvenile delinquents, typically…
verbeteringsgesticht	n	het · mv. verbeteringsgestichten	a reformatory, penitentiary for juvenile delinquents, typically with a…
tijgerbalsem	n	de · mv. tijgerbalsems	a tiger balm
meesterknecht	n	de · mv. meesterknechten	a superior servant or apprentice; a foreman, senior employee who leads a team
badkachel	n	de · mv. badkachels	a hot water heater meant for bathwater
dakrand	n	de · mv. dakranden	eaves (underside of a roof that extends beyond the external walls of a building)
koudvuur	n		gangrene
Schoenmaker	m		a surname, Schoenmaker, originating as an occupation
chocoladepasta	n	de/het · mv. chocoladepasta's	a chocolate spread
synchroonduiken	v		to dive synchronously
synchroonduiken	n	het	synchronous diving, an aquatic sports discipline
hemelrijk	m		the Kingdom of Heaven; Heaven, paradise according to some Christian denominations
zaaddonor	n	de · mv. zaaddonoren	a sperm donor
kijkdag	n	de · mv. kijkdagen	a day when a good for sale (notably real estate) is accessible to be viewed,…
wurgtouw	n	het · mv. wurgtouwen	a rope or cord used for strangulation
witvis	n	de · mv. witvissen	an informal term for light-coloured fish of the Gadiformes and Cypriniformes
schorpioenvis	n	de · mv. schorpioenvissen	a scorpionfish, fish of the family Scorpaenidae
wederig	a		adverse, opposed; hostile
rivierbocht	n	de · mv. rivierbochten	a bend in a river
snijbloem	n	de · mv. snijbloemen	a cut flower
contractrecht	n	het	contract law
batterijzuur	n	het	battery acid
kostuumfilm	n	de · mv. kostuumfilms	a costume drama, filmed with period costumes
verbrekingshof	n	het · mv. verbrekingshoven	a superior court, to hear purely procedure-based appeals for annulment of…
zeilplank	n	de · mv. zeilplanken	a sailboard, surfboard with a small sail on a flexible mast
geblaf	n	het	an act or instance of barking
schoonspringen	v		to dive from a springboard or platform
schoonspringen	n	het	the aquatic sport of platform/springboard diving
perenwijn	n	de · mv. perenwijnen	pear wine
cocktailsaus	n	de · mv. cocktailsauzen	cocktail sauce
zwemleraar	n	de · mv. zwemleraren	a swimming instructor
schansspringen	v		to ski-jump
schansspringen	n	het	the winter sport of ski jumping
rotjoch	n	de · mv. rotjochen	a brat, little pest, unpleasant kid
goedbedoeld	a		well-meant, well-intentioned
plompverloren	a		completely random, without thought, premeditation, goal or purpose; completely lost or out of place
zandvlo	n	de · mv. zandvlooien	chigoe flea (Tunga penetrans)
watervlo	n	de · mv. watervlooien	a waterflea, crustacean of the order Diplostraca
trekmier	n	de · mv. trekmieren	an army ant (ant of a nomadic species, from varies subfamilies)
torenkraai	n	de · mv. torenkraaien	synonym of kauw
haagschaar	n	de · mv. haagscharen	a pair of hedge shears
stormvogel	n	de · mv. stormvogels	any seabird of the family Procellariidae
evenwichtsbalk	n	de · mv. evenwichtsbalken	a balance beam, gym apparatus
tandvijl	n	de · mv. tandvijlen	a file for use on teeth
roofnest	n	het · mv. roofnesten	a robbers' den
vosruin	n	de · mv. vosruinen	a gelding with red or red-brown fur
dirigeerstok	n	de · mv. dirigeerstokken	a conductor's baton
trommelstok	n	de · mv. trommelstokken	a drumstick to play percussion
neusvleugel	n	de · mv. neusvleugels	a nosewing
kippenvleugel	n	de · mv. kippenvleugels	a chickenwing, on the bird or as food
haakneus	n	de · mv. haakneuzen	a hooknose
blaasmuziek	n	de	music played by or written for wind instruments
blauwmees	n	de · mv. blauwmezen	a bluetit, Cyanistes caeruleus
wipneus	n	de · mv. wipneuzen	an turned-up nose
kabinetschef	n	de · mv. kabinetschefs	a chief of staff at the head of a high official's personal appointees
valhelm	n	de · mv. valhelmen	a crash helmet, headwear to protect the head in case of a bad fall, as worn…
wisselslag	n	de · mv. wisselslagen	the medley, a swimming event combining four strokes: butterfly, backstroke,…
blindganger	n	de · mv. blindgangers	a piece of unexploded ordnance
ibahesj	n	de	police
recordhouder	n	de · mv. recordhouders	a record-holder, who holds the best achievement
tjappen	v	tjapte – getjapt	to eat; to provide something with an official stamp, seal, or marking; to sign off…
rentree	n	de · mv. rentrees	a return after being away; A comeback
monsterproces	n	het · mv. monsterprocessen	a monster trial, court case of gargantuan dimensions
verzekeringsagent	n	de · mv. verzekeringsagenten	an insurance agent
aasworm	n	de · mv. aaswormen	a baitworm
gilamonster	n	het · mv. gilamonsters	a Gila monster, the venomous lizard Heloderma suspectum
hazelworm	n	de · mv. hazelwormen	a lizard of the family Anguidae; blindworm (Anguis fragilis)
gilahagedis	n	de · mv. gilahagedissen	a Gila monster, the venomous lizard Heloderma suspectum
jaartal	n	het · mv. jaartallen	a number representing a year (according to an era), notably as (part of) a date
korenbloem	n	de · mv. korenbloemen	cornflower (Centaurea cyanus)
adelaarsnest	n	het · mv. adelaarsnesten	an eagle's nest
gelijkgezind	a		like-minded, given to holding similar opinions
kwarteeuw	n	de · mv. kwarteeuwen	a quarter of a century
raketsilo	n	de · mv. raketsilo's	a missile silo
beenprothese	n	de · mv. beenprothesen	a prosthetic leg
beenveeg	n	de · mv. beenvegen	a leg sweep
feestkledij	n	de	party clothes
solsleutel	n	de · mv. solsleutels	the G clef, musical key using sol as reference
handkoffer	n	de · mv. handkoffers	a portable suitcase for travelling, small enough to carry by hand
vruchtentaart	n	de · mv. vruchtentaarten	a cobbler, type of pie with fruit as key ingredient
budgetneutraal	a		without (significant) net impact on the budget, as costs and gains…
huurwagen	n	de · mv. huurwagens	a rental car
bedrijfswagen	n	de · mv. bedrijfswagens	a company car or company van
huilbui	n	de · mv. huilbuien	a fit of weeping
waterskiën	v	waterskiede – gewaterskied	to water ski
taalgebruik	n	het	linguistic usage
Wassen	m		a surname, Wassen
gymtoestel	n	het · mv. gymtoestellen	a gym apparatus; also applies to home gym
schuchterheid	n	de	shyness, timidity
kaapschip	n	het · mv. kaapschepen	a privateer ship
pikbroek	n	de · mv. pikbroeken	a sailor; equivalent to British jacktar
handelsbeurs	n	de · mv. handelsbeurzen	a trade fair
builenbrand	n	de	the fungus Ustilago maydis, which infects mais and teosinte; the disease corn smut causes by it, characterised by edible galls (tumors),…
kasboek	n	het · mv. kasboeken	a cashbook, to account for all cash transactions
boekenbeurs	n	de · mv. boekenbeurzen	a book fair
grensmuur	n	de · mv. grensmuren	a wall marking a physical border
lesgeld	n	het · mv. lesgelden	a tuition fee, a fee for lessons
kwelduivel	n	de · mv. kwelduivels	a tormentor
terugbetalen	v	betaalde terug – terugbetaald	to repay, refund a sum; to return the difference between the sum due by another and the larger sum…
tokkelinstrument	n	het · mv. tokkelinstrumenten	a plucked string instrument
tweederangsburger	n	de · mv. tweederangsburgers	a second-class citizen
rekenmunt	n	de · mv. rekenmunten	a money of account (currency used as a means of accounting)
woonzorgcentrum	n	het · mv. woonzorgcentra	retirement home
folterwerktuig	n	het · mv. folterwerktuigen	an instrument of torture
geselstraf	n	de · mv. geselstraffen	a corporal punishment by scourging, flogging
buikgevoel	n	het · mv. buikgevoelens	gut feeling
wildseizoen	n	het · mv. wildseizoenen	the season when game is legally hunted and/or served
parkwachter	n	de · mv. parkwachters	a park-keeper
maisbrand	n	de	the fungus Ustilago maydis, which infects mais and teosinte; the disease corn smut causes by it, characterised by edible galls (tumors),…
kiefen	v	kiefte – gekieft	to smoke weed
zjuen	n	de · mv. zjuen's	joint
uitpersen	v	perste uit – uitgeperst	to squeeze out (a fruit etc.); to exploit
verkruimelen	v	verkruimelde – verkruimeld	to crumble
huisduif	n	de · mv. huisduiven	domesticated pigeon (Columba livia domestica)
gomboom	n	de · mv. gombomen	a gum tree, tree of the genus Eucalyptus, especially Eucalyptus gunnii
debetzijde	n	de · mv. debetzijden	the (left) side or debit column in double-entry bookkeeping, for dues to the…
gomhars	n	de/het · mv. gomharsen	gum resin
pakijs	n	het	pack ice
bloedeigen	a		biological, related by blood; very own (intensified form of eigen)
onverzekerbaar	a		uninsurable, ineligible for insurance
pietje-precies	n	het · mv. pietjes precies	perfectionist, someone who is overly exact, that dots the i’s and crosses…
goulashcommunisme	n	het	goulash communism (form of communism in Hungary after the Hungarian Revolution); a less militaristic, interventionist form of revionist communism, associated…
doodgeboorte	n	de · mv. doodgeboorten	stillbirth
amoraliteit	n	de · mv. amoraliteiten	amorality
herverzekering	n	de · mv. herverzekeringen	reinsurance
schrikschijter	n	de · mv. schrikschijters	faint-hearted individual, coward
zwemvijver	n	de · mv. zwemvijvers	a pond which is fit/used to swim in
schijter	n	de · mv. schijters	a shitter, who defecates; a coward
uitzuiger	n	de · mv. uitzuigers	one who exploits (people) ruthlessly
schadevordering	n	de · mv. schadevorderingen	a claim for damage(s) to be compensated
onoplosbaar	a		insoluble, (substance) which can be dissolved; insolvable, (question, problem) which can be resolved
turnpantoffel	n	de · mv. turnpantoffels	gym slipper
blootshoofds	d		bareheaded
marburgkoorts	n	de	Marburg disease, an often fatal viral infection
strijdmakker	n	de · mv. strijdmakkers	comrade in arms
brandhaard	n	de · mv. brandhaarden	seat of a fire; hotbed
prins-regent	n	de · mv. prins-regenten	a prince who, as regent, is acting head of state in a monarchy
netto-ontvanger	n	de · mv. netto-ontvangers	a (financial) net-contributor, who receives more than contributing (back)…
Emer	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
winkelkar	n	de · mv. winkelkarren	a shopping cart
prikkaart	n	de · mv. prikkaarten	a card to put in a timeclock
sleutelwoord	n	het · mv. sleutelwoorden	keyword (word used as a key to a code); keyword (reserved word used to identify a specific command, function etc.)
consulaat-generaal	n	het · mv. consulaten-generaal	consulate general
handwerksman	n	de · mv. handwerksmannen	a manual labourer
schoolkameraad	n	de · mv. schoolkameraden	a school mate
lustwarande	n	de · mv. lustwaranden	a pleasure garden or park, for enjoyment rather then horticulture
praktijktest	n	de · mv. praktijktesten	a test or experiment in a practical setting; a test or exam consisting in (a) practical exercise(s)
pianokwartet	n	het · mv. pianokwartetten	a musical quartet starring a piano, often along strings
directeur-generaal	n	de · mv. directeurs-generaal	a director general
meloenboom	n	de · mv. meloenbomen	papaya tree, Carica papaya
geselbroeder	n	de · mv. geselbroeders	a flagellant
aanvalsoorlog	n	de · mv. aanvalsoorlogen	war of aggression (military conflict waged without the justification of…
pesthumeur	n	het	a rotten mood
oplosbaarheid	n	de · mv. oplosbaarheden	solvability, the possibility of a question or problem to be resolved; solvency, the possibility to be dissolved
slaapgast	n	de · mv. slaapgasten	a guest who stays at least one night, sleeping in his host's home
livreibediende	n	de · mv. livreibedienden	a liveried servant, such as a lackey
herdersjongen	n	de · mv. herdersjongens	a boy shepherd
reclamebord	n	het · mv. reclameborden	an advertising billboard
gedachte-experiment	n	het · mv. gedachte-experimenten	thought experiment
Thebaan	n	de · mv. Thebanen	Theban
Thebaans	a		Theban
nazetten	v	zette na – nagezet	to pursue, to follow in order to overtake (now chiefly in military contexts,…
Saharaans	a		Saharan
spermadonor	n	de · mv. spermadonoren	a sperm donor
luchtwacht	n	de · mv. luchtwachten	guard (group) dedicated to spotting hostile or other non-allied aircraft
archiefstuk	n	het · mv. archiefstukken	an object or document preserved in an archive
supersoon	a		supersonic
hanenbalk	n	de · mv. hanenbalken	a roofbeam
kunstvoorwerp	n	het · mv. kunstvoorwerpen	artefact, objet d'art
huurauto	n	de · mv. huurauto's	a rental car
containervaart	n	de	container shipping (navigation for transporting goods shipped in containers)
graansilo	n	de · mv. graansilo's	grain silo
gelijkgezinde	n	de · mv. gelijkgezinden	a like-minded person, a co-opinionist
sneeuwschaats	n	de · mv. sneeuwschaatsen	ski
drugssmokkel	n	de	drug trafficking
drugssmokkelaar	n	de · mv. drugssmokkelaars	drug trafficker
scholastiek	n	de	scholasticism (mediaeval and early modern academic movement based on…; scholastic method (dialectic method based on Aristotelian logic)
scholastiek	a		scholastic
parkeerbon	n	de · mv. parkeerbonnen	parking fine, parking ticket
Marburg	m		a town, the administrative seat of Marburg-Biedenkopf district, Hesse, Germany; Marburg (a rural town in Queensland, Australia)
geboortecijfer	n	het · mv. geboortecijfers	birthrate
blusvliegtuig	n	het · mv. blusvliegtuigen	an aeroplane adapted to extinguishing fires; a waterbomber
kassabon	n	de · mv. kassabonnen	receipt from a till or cash register
ongewervelde	n	de · mv. ongewervelden	invertebrate
verkeerdelijk	d		wrongly, erroneously
Schuring	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
dieptekerstening	n	de	in-depth Christianisation (Christianisation of individual behaviour and…
eigenkerk	n	de · mv. eigenkerken	a proprietary church (church (building and local congregation) that is the…
collegiant	n	de · mv. collegianten	a member of a loose grouping of antidogmatic Protestant dissenters,…; a member of a college (council) or society
Warmond	m		Warmond (a village and former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands)
diocees	n	het · mv. diocesen	diocese
diocesaan	a		diocesan, pertaining to a diocese
diocesaan	n	de · mv. diocesanen	diocesan, member of a diocese
missiepost	n	de · mv. missieposten	a mission station, a mission outpost
pelgrimeren	v	pelgrimeerde – gepelgrimeerd	to go on a pilgrimage, to pilgrimage
devotiekerk	n	de · mv. devotiekerken	a church dedicated to a saint
machtsuitbreiding	n	de · mv. machtsuitbreidingen	expansion of power
kloosterlijk	a		monastic, pertaining to monasteries
verzadigingspunt	n	het · mv. verzadigingspunten	saturation point
eigenklooster	n	het · mv. eigenkloosters	a proprietary monastery (monastery that is the property of the landowner who…
stamslot	n	het · mv. stamsloten	a noble person's ancestral castle; a castle that was one's noble family's…
heiligenverering	n	de · mv. heiligenvereringen	veneration of saints
inquisitie	n	de · mv. inquisities	an institute associated with the Roman Catholic Church that was responsible…; investigation, research; especially in the context of prosecution
huurleger	n	het · mv. huurlegers	mercenary army
vermaner	n	de · mv. vermaners	an admonisher; a Mennonite preacher who is not qualified to administer sacraments
overheidsmaatregel	n	de · mv. overheidsmaatregelen	government measure
krijgsdienst	n	de · mv. krijgsdiensten	military service, service in a branch of the armed forces
andersdenkende	n	de · mv. andersdenkenden	a dissident, one who adheres to dissenting views
lutherij	n	de · mv. lutherijen	Lutheranism; a view or action perceived as typical of Lutheranism
geloofsrichting	n	de · mv. geloofsrichtingen	a religious denomination or orientation; a faith (typically but not…
strafmaatregel	n	de · mv. strafmaatregelen	punitive sanction (penalty, punishment, or some coercive measure); a measure imposed on a convict by a judge that is independent of the sentence
vaderlands	a		of, from or pertaining to the fatherland
papenhoer	n	de · mv. papenhoeren	the concubine of a Roman Catholic priest
voedingsbodem	n	de · mv. voedingsbodems	soil suitable for growing plants, fungi, etc; fertile soil for a phenomenon, breeding ground
grafelijk	a		comital; of, from, belonging or pertaining to a count, countess or earl
cosmetisch	a		cosmetic
tanchelmisme	n	het	a schismatic movement separating from Latin Christianity in the Low…
grensverdediging	n	de · mv. grensverdedigingen	border defence
cultuurhistorisch	a		pertaining to cultural history
levenswandel	n	de	way of life, conduct or behaviour in one's living
vluchtelingengemeente	n	de · mv. vluchtelingengemeenten	refugee congregation
vroegmodern	a		early modern
apocalyptiek	n	de	apocalypticism
bedevaartkerk	n	de · mv. bedevaartkerken	pilgrimage church (church that is the destination of pilgrimages)
piëta	n	de · mv. piëta's	pietà (depiction of Mary holding Jesus' corpse)
scherpslijper	n	de · mv. scherpslijpers	one who strictly adheres to principles and deepens and accentuates divisions
lauwheid	n	de	lukewarmness, tepidity; tepidity, lack of enthusiasm
avondmaalswijn	n	de	communion wine
kettermeester	n	de · mv. kettermeesters	inquisitor
nachtmaal	n	het · mv. nachtmalen	the Lord's Supper; a night-time meal
psalmberijming	n	de · mv. psalmberijmingen	a translation of a psalm or the Book of Psalms set to rhyme
lakenhandel	n	de	trade in woollen broadcloth (fulled and woven fabrics made of wool)
kerkverband	n	het · mv. kerkverbanden	denomination, church organisation, church polity
grenstol	n	de · mv. grenstollen	a border crossing where duties had to be paid; a duty levied on transporting goods across a border
zwerftocht	n	de · mv. zwerftochten	wandering, itinerant travels without a predetermined destination
geweldpleging	n	de · mv. geweldplegingen	use of violence, act of violence
grootdoop	n	de · mv. grootdopen	adult baptism, believers' baptism
volwassendoop	n	de · mv. volwassendopen	adult baptism, believers' baptism
zwaardgeest	n	de · mv. zwaardgeesten	a violent Anabaptist of the group led by Jan van Batenburg, supporting the…
Batenburger	n	de · mv. Batenburgers	a violent Anabaptist of the group led by Jan van Batenburg, supporting the…
diffuus	a		diffuse
protestantiseringsthese	n	de	the historical thesis that Protestantism in the United Provinces was…
wereldeinde	n	het · mv. wereldeinden	end of the world
gravenhuis	n	het · mv. gravenhuizen	comital house, noble house of counts or earls
doperdom	n	het	Anabaptism
verbeurdverklaring	n	de · mv. verbeurdverklaringen	confiscation, forfeiture
religievrede	n	de	a state of peace and (some measure of) toleration among different religions…
martelaarsboek	n	het · mv. martelaarsboeken	book of martyrs (devotional book in which the suffering of martyrs of the…
Klooster	m		a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
alteratie	n	de · mv. alteraties	alteration, change; chromatic change of notes in a chord
synodaal	a		synodal
schutspatroon	n	de · mv. schutspatronen	patron saint, especially one who is the patron of a settlement or occupation
priesterbestand	n	het	priesthood, totality of priests (in a given context)
provisioneel	a		provisional
rechtszekerheid	n	de	surety that legal rights are respected and laws are applied consistently…
pistoolschot	n	het · mv. pistoolschoten	pistol shot
altaarsteen	n	de · mv. altaarstenen	altar stone
dispensatie	n	de · mv. dispensaties	dispensation, absolution, leave (relaxation or exemption from rules, duties,…; distinctive historical period typified by a particular dominant empire,…
centralistisch	a		centralist, centralistic
onbijbels	a		unbiblical
on-Bijbels	a		Official spelling of onbijbels
menistenleugen	n	de · mv. menistenleugens	a tactical half-truth or ambiguous statement to deceive one's audience and…
norbertijn	n	de · mv. norbertijnen	Norbertine, Premonstrant
volksverhuizing	n	de · mv. volksverhuizingen	migration of a people or a large group of people, especially during the…
rederijkersspel	n	het · mv. rederijkersspelen	a theatre play produced by one of the literary guilds of the rederijkers
avondmaalsleer	n	de	doctrine regarding the Eucharist or Lord's Supper
sacramentariër	n	de · mv. sacramentariërs	a religious dissident during the sixteenth century who rejected Catholic…
Tukker	n	de · mv. Tukkers	a person from Twente, a region in Overijssel
controversetheoloog	n	de · mv. controversetheologen	a theologian who engaged as a polemicist in the early-modern…
geloofsbeleving	n	de · mv. geloofsbelevingen	the way one experiences one's faith
coronahaard	n	de · mv. coronahaarden	corona hotspot
heiligenleven	n	het · mv. heiligenlevens	a saint's life (hagiography)
takenpakket	n	het · mv. takenpakketten	set of responsibilities, duties, etc., usually associated with a function or…
rondboog	n	de · mv. rondbogen	round arch, semicircular arch
tweeherig	a		being subject to two feudal lords
vrijgeest	n	de · mv. vrijgeesten	a libertine, a freethinker
Austrasië	m		Austrasia
dubbelklooster	n	het · mv. dubbelkloosters	double monastery (monastic complex consisting of a monks' monastery and a…
Hugenholtz	m		a surname, Hugenholtz
Gerlachus	m		Saint Gerlach; a Dutch saint, Gerlachus; Sankt Gerlach
Slotemaker	m		a surname originating as an occupation
Hunse	m		a surname, Hunse
schrijfkamer	n	de · mv. schrijfkamers	office (as opposed to the shopfloor, etc)
tegenkoning	n	de · mv. tegenkoningen	antiking, especially in an electoral monarchy
stadsadel	n	de	urban nobility
kloosterkerk	n	de · mv. kloosterkerken	monastic church, convent church
bisschopszetel	n	de · mv. bisschopszetels	episcopal see, seat of a bishop (throne, centre of a diocese)
davidjorist	n	de · mv. davidjoristen	a member of a messianic separatist Spiritualist sect influenced by…
jorist	n	de · mv. joristen	synonym of davidjorist
davidjorisme	n	het	a messianic separatist Spiritualist movement influenced by Anabaptism during…
jorisme	n	het	synonym of davidjorisme
wurgdoek	n	de · mv. wurgdoeken	a piece of cloth used to strangle someone (chiefly in relation to the martyr…
noodoplossing	n	de · mv. noodoplossingen	emergency solution
overzichtswerk	n	het · mv. overzichtswerken	a work, usually a publication, that provides an overview on a certain topic;…
ziekentrooster	n	de · mv. ziekentroosters	a low-ranking Reformed cleric who provided pastoral care and catechism, said…
liksteen	n	de · mv. likstenen	salt lick (block of salt)
zoutsteen	n	de · mv. zoutstenen	salt lick (block of salt)
huisklooster	n	het · mv. huiskloosters	a monastery that is the property of a noble house
huisabdij	n	de · mv. huisabdijen	an abbey that is the property of a noble house
tovergeloof	n	het	belief in magic
Linne	m		a village and former municipality of Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
Harpel	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
spintol	n	de · mv. spintollen	spindle
borgsom	n	de · mv. borgsommen	caution money, caution (money deposited by way of security or guarantee)
personenweegschaal	n	de · mv. personenweegschalen	bathroom scales (flat floor-mounted scales used to measure one's own weight)
soldatenkeizer	n	de · mv. soldatenkeizers	soldier emperor, barracks emperor (third-century Roman emperor who came from…
tafelzuur	n	het · mv. tafelzuren	a pickled food product
coccejaan	n	de · mv. coccejanen	a follower of Johannes Cocceius in the Reformed church during the…
zwaardleen	n	het · mv. zwaardlenen	a fief that could only be inherited by men
kluizenares	n	de · mv. kluizenaressen	a female hermit; any woman living in isolation from society, a female recluse, a female shut-in
schrijverscarrière	n	de · mv. schrijverscarrières	writing career
bladluis	n	de · mv. bladluizen	aphid
rijksbisschop	n	de · mv. rijksbisschoppen	a prince-bishop of the Holy Roman Empire
bisschopsstad	n	de · mv. bisschopssteden	a cathedral town or city (town or city that is the seat of a diocese)
handelskerk	n	de · mv. handelskerken	a church ministering to a usually non-native merchant community
voorzaal	n	de · mv. voorzalen	front room, living room
Barlage	m		a hamlet in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
stroomweg	n	de · mv. stroomwegen	in the modern system of Dutch road classification, a limited-access road…
toegangsweg	n	de · mv. toegangswegen	access road (any road which provides access to a particular place)
erftoegangsweg	n	de · mv. erftoegangswegen	in the modern system of Dutch road classification, the most local type of…
gebiedsontsluitingsweg	n	de · mv. gebiedsontsluitingswegen	in the modern system of Dutch road classification, a distributor road…
ontsluiting	n	de · mv. ontsluitingen	unlocking, opening up; outcrop; dilation
waardeoordeel	n	het · mv. waardeoordelen	value judgment
Middelaar	m		a village in Mook en Middelaar, Limburg, Netherlands
Plasmolen	m		a village in Mook en Middelaar, Limburg, Netherlands
Bisselt	m		a hamlet in Mook en Middelaar, Limburg, Netherlands
Heikant	m		a village in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Mook en Middelaar, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Katerbosch	m		a hamlet in Mook en Middelaar, Limburg, Netherlands
Riethorst	m		a hamlet in Mook en Middelaar, Limburg, Netherlands
Heijen	m		a village in Gennep, Limburg, Netherlands
Milsbeek	m		a village in Gennep, Limburg, Netherlands
Ottersum	m		a village and former municipality of Gennep, Limburg, Netherlands
Ven-Zelderheide	m		a village in Gennep, Limburg, Netherlands
Aaldonk	m		a hamlet in Gennep, Limburg, Netherlands
Diekendaal	m		a hamlet in Gennep, Limburg, Netherlands
Hekkens	m		a hamlet in Gennep, Limburg, Netherlands
Smele	m		a hamlet in Gennep, Limburg, Netherlands
Looierheide	m		a neighbourhood of Gennep, Limburg, Netherlands
Siebengewald	m		a village in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Wellerlooi	m		a village in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Englum	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Aijen	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Beekheuvel	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Bleijenbeek	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Bosscherheide	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Elsteren	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Gening	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Hengeland	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Heukelom	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Knikkerdorp	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Koekoek	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Lakei	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Rimpelt	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Smal	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Vrij	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands
Zeelberg	m		a hamlet in Bergen, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Valkenswaard, North Brabant, Netherlands
levensverwachting	n	de · mv. levensverwachtingen	life expectancy
Belfeld	m		a village and former municipality of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Arcen	m		a village in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Lomm	m		a village in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Velden	m		a village in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Steyl	m		a village in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Blerick	m		a village and former municipality of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Hout-Blerick	m		a village in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Boekend	m		a village in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Bolenberg	m		a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Brandemolen	m		a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Geloo	m		a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Hanik	m		a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Hasselderheide	m		a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Leemhorst	m		a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Lingsfort	m		a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Schandelo	m		a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Vilgert	m		a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Wielder	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Hagerhof	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Wijlrehof	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Genooi	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
fileparkeren	v	fileparkeerde – gefileparkeerd	to parallel park
Pepijn	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Pippin
Jeanine	m		a diminutive of the female given name Jeanne
Veegtes	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Leutherberg	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Tichelarie	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Herungerberg	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Molenbossen	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Smeliënkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Vossener	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Ubroek	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Zaarderheiken	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Nabben	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Meelderbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Stalberg	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Groenveld	m		a village in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Vinckenbosje	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Hagerbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Sinselveld	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Jammerdaal	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Meeuwbeemd	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Hogekamp	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Wijnberg	m		a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Venkoelen	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Sint-Annakamp	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Vastenavondkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Klingerberg	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Wassum	m		a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Meuleveld	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Watermeulehook	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Overkoren	m		a hamlet in Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Windhond	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Offenbeek	m		a village in Beesel, Limburg, Netherlands
Bussereind	m		a hamlet in Beesel, Limburg, Netherlands
Rijkel	m		a hamlet in Beesel, Limburg, Netherlands
Leeuwen	m		a village in Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Beesel, Limburg, Netherlands
Vogelhut	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Asenray	m		a village in Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Asselt	m		a village in Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Boukoul	m		a village in Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Herten	m		a village and former municipality of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Maasniel	m		a village and former municipality of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Merum	m		a village in Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Swalmen	m		a village and former municipality of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Einde	m		a hamlet in Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Maalbroek	m		a hamlet in Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Spik	m		a hamlet in Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Thuserhof	m		a hamlet in Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Wieler	m		a hamlet in Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Roerzicht	m		a neighbourhood of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Donderberg	m		a neighbourhood of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Rhenen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Hammerveld	m		a neighbourhood of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Hoogvonderen	m		a neighbourhood of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Muggenbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Broekhin	m		a neighbourhood of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Kitskensberg	m		a neighbourhood of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Tegelarijeveld	m		a neighbourhood of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Vrijveld	m		a neighbourhood of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
kleinschalig	a		small-scale
Herkenbosch	m		a village in Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
Posterholt	m		a village in Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
Vlodrop	m		a village and former municipality of Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
Etsberg	m		a hamlet in Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
Paarlo	m		a hamlet in Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
Reutje	m		a hamlet in Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
Roskam	m		a hamlet in Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
Rothenbach	m		a hamlet in Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
Vlodrop-Station	m		a hamlet in Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
Voorsterveld	m		a hamlet in Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands
Zittard	m		a hamlet in Roerdalen, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dieteren	m		a village in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Koningsbosch	m		a village in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Roosteren	m		a village and former municipality of Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Slek	m		a village in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Aasterberg	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Baakhoven	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Berkelaar	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Echterbosch	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Gebroek	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Hingen	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Illikhoven	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Kokkelert	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Oevereind	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Ophoven	m		a village and former municipality of Kinrooi, Belgium; a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Oud-Roosteren	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Pepinusbrug	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Putbroek	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Schilberg	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Spaanshuisken	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Visserweert	m		a hamlet in Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Broeksittard	m		a village and former municipality of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Einighausen	m		a village in Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Grevenbicht	m		a village and former municipality of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Obbicht	m		a village in Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Guttecoven	m		a village in Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Holtum	m		a village in Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Limbricht	m		a village and former municipality of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Munstergeleen	m		a village and former municipality of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Papenhoven	m		a village in Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Abshoven	m		a hamlet in Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Daniken	m		a hamlet in Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Graetheide	m		a hamlet in Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Harrecoven	m		a hamlet in Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Schipperskerk	m		a hamlet in Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Windraak	m		a hamlet in Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Limbrichterveld	m		a neighbourhood of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Sanderbout	m		a neighbourhood of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Overhoven	m		a neighbourhood of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Lindenheuvel	m		a neighbourhood of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Kollenberg	m		a neighbourhood of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Baandert	m		a neighbourhood of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Stadbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Vrangendael	m		a neighbourhood of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Kluis	m		a neighbourhood of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Oud-Geleen	m		a neighbourhood of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Haesselderveld	m		a neighbourhood of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Genhout	m		a village in Beek, Limburg, Netherlands
Geverik	m		a village in Beek, Limburg, Netherlands
Spaubeek	m		a village and former municipality of Beek, Limburg, Netherlands
Hobbelrade	m		a hamlet in Beek, Limburg, Netherlands
Kelmond	m		a hamlet in Beek, Limburg, Netherlands
Looiwinkel	m		a hamlet in Beek, Limburg, Netherlands
Aalbeek	m		a village in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Amstenrade	m		a village and former municipality of Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Arensgenhout	m		a village in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Bingelrade	m		a village and former municipality of Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Doenrade	m		a village in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Hulsberg	m		a village and former municipality of Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Jabeek	m		a village and former municipality of Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Merkelbeek	m		a village and former municipality of Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Oirsbeek	m		a village and former municipality of Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Puth	m		a village in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Schimmert	m		a village and former municipality of Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Schinnen	m		a village and former municipality of Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Schinveld	m		a village and former municipality of Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Sweikhuizen	m		a village in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Vaesrade	m		a village and former municipality of Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Wijnandsrade	m		a village and former municipality of Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Breinder	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Brommelen	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Douvergenhout	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Etzenrade	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Grijzegrubben	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Haasdal	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Heisterbrug	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Hellebroek	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Hommert	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Hunnecum	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Kathagen	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Klein-Doenrade	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Kleingenhout	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Kruis	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Nagelbeek	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Nierhoven	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Reuken	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Swier	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Terstraten	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Tervoorst	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Wissengracht	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
Wolfhagen	m		a hamlet in Beekdaelen, Limburg, Netherlands
skitrein	n	de · mv. skitreinen	ski train (train that is marketed towards winter sport tourists)
wintersporttrein	n	de · mv. wintersporttreinen	ski train (train that is marketed towards winter sport tourists)
overgangsritueel	n	het · mv. overgangsrituelen	rite of passage
Treebeek	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Amstenraderveld	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Klingbemden	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Rozengaard	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Oeloven	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Schuttersveld	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Kruisberg	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Bouwberg	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Rumpen	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Heufke	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Hemelder	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Kerkeveld	m		a neighbourhood of Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Simpelveld, Limburg, Netherlands
Langeberg	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Klingelsberg	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Lemmender	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Hofpoel	m		a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Haansberg	m		a hamlet in Etten-Leur, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Brunssum, Limburg, Netherlands
Schaesberg	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Nieuwenhagen	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Eikske	m		a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Mijnbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Heistraat	m		a hamlet in Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Gravenrode	m		a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Klinkerkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Leenhof	m		a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Kakert	m		a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Hoefveld	m		a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Nieuwenhagerheide	m		a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Exdel	m		a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Waubach	m		a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Rimburg	m		a village and former municipality of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Groenstraat	m		a hamlet in Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Lauradorp	m		a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Parkheide	m		a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Abdissenbosch	m		a neighbourhood of Landgraaf, Limburg, Netherlands
Eygelshoven	m		a village and former municipality of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Hopel	m		a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Waubacherveld	m		a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Chevremont	m		a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Haanrade	m		a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Kaffeberg	m		a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Rolduckerveld	m		a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Bleijerheide	m		a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Mucherveld	m		a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Nulland	m		a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Heilust	m		a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Kaalheide	m		a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Locht	m		a hamlet in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Spekholzerheide	m		a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Terwinselen	m		a neighbourhood of Kerkrade, Limburg, Netherlands
Benzenrade	m		a hamlet in Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Hondsrug	m		a hamlet in Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Schurenberg	m		a hamlet in Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Terschuren	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Mariarade	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Hoensbroek	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Versiliënbosch	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Vrieheide	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Passart	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Heerlerheide	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Heksenberg	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Beersdal	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Husken	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Musschemig	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Meezenbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Grasbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Schandelen	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Eikenderveld	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Terworm	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Bekkerveld	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Caumerveld	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Heerlerbaan	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Imstenrade	m		a hamlet in Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Rukker	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Heesberg	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Heeserveld	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Vrusschemig	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Schuureik	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Overbroek	m		a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Rennemig	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Palenberg	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Heihoven	m		a hamlet in Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Koningsbeemd	m		a hamlet in Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Musschenbroek	m		a hamlet in Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Vrank	m		a hamlet in Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Schaesbergerveld	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Hoppersgraaf	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Ganzeweide	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Litscherveld	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Weggebekker	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Pronsebroek	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Schelsberg	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Zeswegen	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Bautsch	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Giezenveld	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Aarveld	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Molenberg	m		a neighbourhood of Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Rhenen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Schiffelerveld	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Kommert	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Uterweg	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Nieuw-Lotbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
fachong	n	de	a Chinese sausage similar to lap cheong
nachtlawaai	n	het	disturbing the peace at night, night-time disturbance, making excessive…
Baaks-Sweijer	m		a hamlet in Simpelveld, Limburg, Netherlands
Baneheide	m		a hamlet in Simpelveld, Limburg, Netherlands
Bocholtzerheide	m		a hamlet in Simpelveld, Limburg, Netherlands
Bosschenhuizen	m		a hamlet in Simpelveld, Limburg, Netherlands
Bulkemsbroek	m		a hamlet in Simpelveld, Limburg, Netherlands
Huls	m		a hamlet in Simpelveld, Limburg, Netherlands
Molsberg	m		a hamlet in Simpelveld, Limburg, Netherlands
Prickart	m		a hamlet in Simpelveld, Limburg, Netherlands
Vlengendaal	m		a hamlet in Simpelveld, Limburg, Netherlands
Waalbroek	m		a hamlet in Simpelveld, Limburg, Netherlands
Rodeput	m		a hamlet in Simpelveld, Limburg, Netherlands
Hulsveld	m		a neighbourhood of Simpelveld, Limburg, Netherlands
Holset	m		a village in Vaals, Limburg, Netherlands
Lemiers	m		a village in Vaals, Limburg, Netherlands
Vijlen	m		a village in Vaals, Limburg, Netherlands
Raren	m		a hamlet in Vaals, Limburg, Netherlands
Mamelis	m		a hamlet in Vaals, Limburg, Netherlands
Camerig	m		a hamlet in Vaals, Limburg, Netherlands
Cottessen	m		a hamlet in Vaals, Limburg, Netherlands
Harles	m		a hamlet in Vaals, Limburg, Netherlands
Melleschet	m		a hamlet in Vaals, Limburg, Netherlands
Oud-Lemiers	m		a hamlet in Vaals, Limburg, Netherlands
Wolfhaag	m		a hamlet in Vaals, Limburg, Netherlands
vrederechter	n	de · mv. vrederechters	Justice of the Peace
Klimmen	m		a village and former municipality of Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Kunrade	m		a village in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Ransdaal	m		a village in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Ubachsberg	m		a village in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Colmont	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Craubeek	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Fromberg	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Mingersborg	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Retersbeek	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Termaar	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Weustenrade	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Winthagen	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Hellebeuk	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Koulen	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Kruishoeve	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Kunderberg	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Lubosch	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Opscheumer	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Overheek	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Termoors	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Terveurt	m		a hamlet in Voerendaal, Limburg, Netherlands
Broekhem	m		a village in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Houthem	m		a village and former municipality of Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg,…
Oud-Valkenburg	m		a village and former municipality of Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg,…
Sibbe	m		a village in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Vilt	m		a village in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Emmaberg	m		a hamlet in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Engwegen	m		a hamlet in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Geulhem	m		a hamlet in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Heek	m		a hamlet in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Heerstraat	m		a hamlet in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
IJzeren	m		a hamlet in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Keutenberg	m		a hamlet in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Neerhem	m		a hamlet in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Plenkert	m		a hamlet in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Schoonbron	m		a hamlet in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Strabeek	m		a hamlet in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Strucht	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Terblijt	m		a hamlet in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Vroenhof	m		a hamlet in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Walem	m		a hamlet in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
Stoepert	m		a neighbourhood of Valkenburg aan de Geul, Limburg, Netherlands
meerderjarig	a		major, adult, of age (who has attained the age of majority, who is over the…
Eys	m		a village in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Gulpen	m		a village and former municipality of Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Nijswiller	m		a village in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Partij	m		a village in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Wittem	m		a village and former municipality of Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Reijmerstok	m		a village in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Slenaken	m		a village and former municipality of Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Wahlwiller	m		a village in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Wijlre	m		a village and former municipality of Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Beertsenhoven	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Berghem	m		a village and former municipality of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Berghof	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Beutenaken	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Billinghuizen	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Bommerig	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Cartils	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Crapoel	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Diependal	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Elkenrade	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Elzet	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Eperheide	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Etenaken	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Euverem	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Eyserheide	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Heijenrath	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Hilleshagen	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Höfke	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Hurpesch	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Kapolder	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Kleeberg	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Kosberg	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Kuttingen	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Landsrade	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Overeys	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Overgeul	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Pesaken	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Piepert	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Plaat	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Schweiberg	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Sinselbeek	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Stokhem	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Terpoorten	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Terziet	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Trintelen	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
Waterop	m		a hamlet in Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, Netherlands
egelstelling	n	de · mv. egelstellingen	hedgehog defensive position
Banholt	m		a village in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Bemelen	m		a village and former municipality of Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Eckelrade	m		a village in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Eijsden	m		a village and former municipality of Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Gronsveld	m		a village and former municipality of Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Margraten	m		a village and former municipality of Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Mariadorp	m		a village in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Mesch	m		a village and former municipality of Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Mheer	m		a village and former municipality of Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Noorbeek	m		a village and former municipality of Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Oost-Maarland	m		a village in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Rijckholt	m		a village and former municipality of Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Scheulder	m		a village in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Wilders	m		a surname
Bergenhuizen	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Breust	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Bruisterbosch	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Gasthuis	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Groot-Welsden	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Klein-Welsden	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Herkenrade	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Honthem	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Hoogcruts	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
orgelpunt	n	het · mv. orgelpunten	a long dominant tone in the bass register; pause, fermata; climax, culmination, capstone
Hoog-Caestert	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Laag-Caestert	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Libeek	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Moerslag	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Schey	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
kraaiachtige	n	de · mv. kraaiachtigen	corvid (member of the bird family Corvidae)
godsdienstwetenschap	n	de · mv. godsdienstwetenschappen	religious studies (academic study of religious beliefs, behaviours and…
walvisachtige	n	de · mv. walvisachtigen	cetacean (member of the order Cetacea)
Terhorst	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Terlinden	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Ulvend	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Vroelen	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
bouwsteen	n	de · mv. bouwstenen	building block (component that is part of a larger system)
Withuis	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Wolfshuis	m		a hamlet in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands
Nekum	m		a hamlet in Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Mariënwaard	m		a hamlet in Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Jekerkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Kommelkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Statenkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Boschstraatkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Wyck	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Villapark	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Vught, North Brabant, Netherlands
Jekerdal	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Biesland	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Campagne	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Wolder	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Brusselsepoort	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Mariaberg	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Pottenberg	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Malpertuis	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Caberg	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Oud-Caberg	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Malberg	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Dousberg	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Hazendans	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Daalhof	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Boschpoort	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Bosscherveld	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Frontenkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Belvédère	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Lanakerveld	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Wyckerpoort	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Heugemerveld	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Wittevrouwenveld	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Limmel	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Scharn	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Amby	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Beatrixhaven	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Borgharen	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Itteren	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Meerssenhoven	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Randwyck	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Heugem	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Vroendaal	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Céramique	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
Eyldergaard	m		a neighbourhood of Maastricht, Limburg, Netherlands
arbeidsovereenkomst	n	de · mv. arbeidsovereenkomsten	employment contract
Geulle	m		a village and former municipality of Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Moorveld	m		a village in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Rothem	m		a village in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Ulestraten	m		a village and former municipality of Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Broekhoven	m		a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hulsen	m		a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands
Humcoven	m		a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Hussenberg	m		a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Oostbroek	m		a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Raar	m		a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Schietecoven	m		a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Snijdersberg	m		a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Vliek	m		a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Voulwames	m		a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Waterval	m		a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Westbroek	m		a village and former municipality of De Bilt, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Stommeveld	m		a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Genzon	m		a hamlet in Meerssen, Limburg, Netherlands
Elsloo	m		a village and former municipality of Stein, Limburg, Netherlands; a village in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Urmond	m		a village and former municipality of Stein, Limburg, Netherlands
Catsop	m		a hamlet in Stein, Limburg, Netherlands
Maasband	m		a hamlet in Stein, Limburg, Netherlands
Nattenhoven	m		a hamlet in Stein, Limburg, Netherlands
Terhagen	m		a hamlet in Stein, Limburg, Netherlands
Veldschuur	m		a hamlet in Stein, Limburg, Netherlands
Nieuwdorp	m		a village in Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Stein, Limburg, Netherlands
Kerensheide	m		a neighbourhood of Stein, Limburg, Netherlands
Beegden	m		a village and former municipality of Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
Brachterbeek	m		a village in Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
Maasbracht	m		a village and former municipality of Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
Stevensweert	m		a village and former municipality of Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
Baarstraat	m		a hamlet in Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
Bilt	m		a hamlet in Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
Panheel	m		a hamlet in Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
Santfort	m		a hamlet in Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
Weerd	m		a hamlet in Maasgouw, Limburg, Netherlands
Baexem	m		a village and former municipality of Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Buggenum	m		a village and former municipality of Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Grathem	m		a village and former municipality of Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Haelen	m		a village and former municipality of Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Haler	m		a village in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Heibloem	m		a village in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Heythuysen	m		a village and former municipality of Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Hunsel	m		a village and former municipality of Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Ittervoort	m		a village and former municipality of Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Uffelse	m		a village in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Kelpen-Oler	m		a village in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
beroeringsangst	n	de · mv. beroeringsangsten	reluctance to occupy oneself with or deal with something or someone
Neeritter	m		a village and former municipality of Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Nunhem	m		a village and former municipality of Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
afsnoepen	v	snoepte af – afgesnoept	to be against the will of someone else
Roggel	m		a village and former municipality of Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Asbroek	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
positiviteit	n	de	positivity
betekenisveld	n	het · mv. betekenisvelden	semantic field
vriesdauw	n	de	hoarfrost, rime
Blenkert	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Brumholt	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Caluna	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Castert	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Beekkant	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Eind	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Son en Breugel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ellerhei	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Gendijk	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Geneijgen	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Gerhegge	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Hanssum	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Heiakker	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heioord	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Heugde	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Hoogstraat	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Son en Breugel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Karreveld	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Kinkhoven	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Maxet	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Mortel	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Nijken	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Roligt	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Schaapsbrug	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Schillersheide	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Smidstraat	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Strubben	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Vestjenshoek	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Vlaas	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
Waije	m		a hamlet in Leudal, Limburg, Netherlands
werkgeheugen	n	het · mv. werkgeheugens	working memory; main memory, primary memory
Altweerterheide	m		a village in Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Stramproy	m		a village and former municipality of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Swartbroek	m		a village in Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Tungelroy	m		a village in Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Breyvin	m		a hamlet in Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Crixhoek	m		a hamlet in Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Dijkerstraat	m		a hamlet in Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Hei	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Weert, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Houtbroek	m		a hamlet in Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Hushoven	m		a hamlet in Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Moesdijk	m		a hamlet in Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Rietbroek	m		a hamlet in Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Wisbroek	m		a hamlet in Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Boshoven	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Kampershoek	m		a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Maaspoort	m		a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Molenakker	m		a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Laarveld	m		a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Keent	m		a hamlet in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Moesel	m		a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Leuken	m		a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Graswinkel	m		a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Vrakker	m		a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Parkhof	m		a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Vrouwenhof	m		a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Altweert	m		a neighbourhood of Weert, Limburg, Netherlands
Budschop	m		a village in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
Leveroy	m		a village in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
Nederweert-Eind	m		a village in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
Ospel	m		a village in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
Ospeldijk	m		a village in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
Boeket	m		a hamlet in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
Bosserstraat	m		a hamlet in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
Horick	m		a hamlet in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
zandkorrel	n	de · mv. zandkorrels	grain of sand
Horickheide	m		a hamlet in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
rijstkorrel	n	de · mv. rijstkorrels	grain of rice
Klaarstraat	m		a hamlet in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
Kreijel	m		a hamlet in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
Mildert	m		a hamlet in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
Roeven	m		a hamlet in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
Schoor	m		a hamlet in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Strateris	m		a hamlet in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
Waatskamp	m		a hamlet in Nederweert, Limburg, Netherlands
Baarlo	m		a village in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands; a hamlet in Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Beringe	m		a village in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Egchel	m		a village in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Grashoek	m		a village in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Kessel-Eik	m		a village in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Koningslust	m		a village in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Maasbree	m		a village and former municipality of Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Meijel	m		a village and former municipality of Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Panningen	m		a village in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Belgenhoek	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Dekeshorst	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Donk	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dubbroek	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Egchelheide	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Everlo	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Groeze	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Heldensedijk	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Houthei	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Houwenberg	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Katsberg	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Kaumeshoek	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Keup	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Laagheide	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Leeuwerik	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Molenbaan	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Molenhuizen	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Nederweerterdijk	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Platveld	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Rinkesfort	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Schafelt	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Schoorveld	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Soeterbeek	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Spiesberg	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Spurkt	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Steenoven	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Tongerlo	m		a village and former municipality of Bree, Belgium; a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Vergelt	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Vieruitersten	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Vliegert	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Witdonk	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Egchelhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Broekhuizen	m		a village and former municipality of Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet and former municipality of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Meppel, Drenthe, Netherlands
Broekhuizenvorst	m		a village in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Evertsoord	m		a village in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Griendtsveen	m		a village in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Grubbenvorst	m		a village and former municipality of Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Hegelsom	m		a village in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Lottum	m		a village in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Meerlo	m		a village and former municipality of Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Melderslo	m		a village in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Meterik	m		a village in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Sevenum	m		a village and former municipality of Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Swolgen	m		a village in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Tienray	m		a village in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Broekeind	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
sommetje	n	het · mv. sommetjes	pretty penny
Eikelenbosch	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Elshout	m		a village in Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Genenberg	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Hazenhorst	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Houthuizen	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Keuter	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Legert	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Lovendaal	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Megelsum	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Moleneind	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ooijen	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Osterbos	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Raaieind	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Schadijk	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Hei-Oostenrijk	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Veld-Oostenrijk	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Stokt	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Ulfterhoek	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Vinkepas	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Zwaanenheike	m		a hamlet in Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Stuksbeemden	m		a neighbourhood of Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Vlakwater	m		a neighbourhood of Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Veltum	m		a neighbourhood of Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Brukske	m		a neighbourhood of Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Landweert	m		a neighbourhood of Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Smakterheide	m		a neighbourhood of Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Kulut	m		a neighbourhood of Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Blitterswijck	m		a village in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Castenray	m		a village in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Geijsteren	m		a village in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Leunen	m		a village in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Merselo	m		a village in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Oirlo	m		a village and former municipality of Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Oostrum	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a village in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Smakt	m		a village in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Vredepeel	m		a village in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Wanssum	m		a village and former municipality of Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Ysselsteyn	m		a village in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Boddenbroek	m		a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Boshuizen	m		a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Daland	m		a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Endepoel	m		a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Hoogriebroek	m		a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Laagriebroek	m		a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Loobeek	m		a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Nachtegaal	m		a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Weverslo	m		a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands
Zandhoek	m		a hamlet in Venray, Limburg, Netherlands; a hamlet in Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Krawinkel	m		a neighbourhood of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Lutterade	m		a neighbourhood of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Cadier	m		a former municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Oud-Vroenhoven	m		a former municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Valkenburg-Houthem	m		a former municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Meerlo-Wanssum	m		a former municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
Onderbanken	m		a former municipality of Limburg, Netherlands
zwijnenstal	n	de · mv. zwijnenstallen	a pigsty, a stable where pigs are kept; a pigsty, a particularly disorderly and/or filthy place
schoepenrad	n	het · mv. schoepenraderen	impeller
concretiseren	v	concretiseerde – geconcretiseerd	to concretize
braakneiging	n	de · mv. braakneigingen	retch (unsuccessful effort to vomit)
onbewoonbaar	a		uninhabitable
veelzeggend	a		telling, that speaks volumes
beïnvloedbaar	a		impressionable, influenceable
Waterkant	m		a hamlet in Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Barendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Uphof	m		a surname
ongeboren	a		unborn (not yet born, not yet delivered)
Ranum	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
verrijden	v	verreed – verreden	to place elsewhere by riding or driving; to spend, use up or waste by driving (i.e. money, gas, oil); to drive for the purpose of (i.e. a championship, a reward)
inwinnen	v	won in – ingewonnen	to gather, to obtain (information)
Hulst	m		a city and municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
verlezen	v	verlas – verlezen	to misread; to spend or waste by reading (i.e. time); to separate (the good items from the bad ones), to pick, to select
vertreden	v	vertrad – vertreden	to trample, to destroy by trampling; to go for a walk
spruitjeslucht	n	de	the smell of Brussels sprouts, particularly when (over)cooked; a narrow, parochial, middle-class ambiance
Westerschelde	m		Western Scheldt (estuary of the river Scheldt in Zeeland, Netherlands)
Oosterschelde	m		Eastern Scheldt
versteken	v	verstak – verstoken	to stab elsewhere; to stab in a different manner; to hide, to conceal
Eigersma	m		a surname, Eigersma
verwassen	v	verwaste – verwassen	to use up or waste by washing; to spoil or destroy by washing; to grow in a wrong way
vergraven	v	vergroef – vergraven	to excavate, to deepen; to dig away, to move or remove by means of digging; to change or affect by means of digging
verrijgen	v	verreeg – verregen	to repierce, to pierce or baste again in a different way; to pierce or baste wrongly
graflucht	n	de	the unpleasant smell that arises from a grave; a sepulchral smell
Boxmeer	m		a village and former municipality of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Groeningen	m		a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Holthees	m		a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maashees	m		a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oeffelt	m		a village and former municipality of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Overloon	m		a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rijkevoort	m		a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sambeek	m		a village and former municipality of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vierlingsbeek	m		a village and former municipality of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vortum-Mullem	m		a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Helbroek	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoogeind	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Klein-Vortum	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Krolhoek	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Laageind	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schafferden	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Startwijk	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Tuuthees	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Werveld	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Luneven	m		a neighbourhood of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bakelgeert	m		a neighbourhood of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
verbraden	v	verbraadde – verbraden	to harm or destroy by roasting; to use up by roasting (oil, butter); to spoil by roasting to long (meat)
verzeggen	v	verzei – verzegd	to promise to give or do, to vow; to promise
Haps	m		a village and former municipality of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dommelsvoort	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ewinkel	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heeswijk	m		a village and former municipality of Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Montfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Huij	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Laarakker	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Putselaar	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zevenhutten	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Padbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Escharen	m		a village and former municipality of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gassel	m		a village and former municipality of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heihoek	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nieuw-Gassel	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zittert	m		a neighbourhood of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bikkelkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Esterveld	m		a neighbourhood of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
verbakken	v	verbakte – verbakken	to use up by baking (flour); to spoil or destroy by baking; to bake for to long, to overbake
verslijpen	v	versleep – verslepen	to change the shape of an object by sharpening; to damage or destroy by sharpening
verzijpen	v	verzeep – verzepen	to leak out, to trickle or seep away; to become drenched; to be porous, to allow water to go through
ecocheque	n	de · mv. ecocheques	a voucher given by an employer to an employee as part of a compensation…
verwrijven	v	verwreef – verwreven	to make smaller or thinner by rubbing; to break or destroy by rubbing
verbreien	v	verbreide – verbreid	to spend knitting; to use up by knitting (wool)
vervlieden	v	vervlood – vervloden	to slowly disappear; to pass, to come to an end
Megen	m		a city and former municipality of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ravenstein	m		a city and former municipality of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Demen	m		a village in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dieden	m		a village and former municipality of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Deursen-Dennenburg	m		a village in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Geffen	m		a village and former municipality of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Herpen	m		a village and former municipality of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Huisseling	m		a village in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lith	m		a village and former municipality of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lithoijen	m		a village and former municipality of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Macharen	m		a village in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maren-Kessel	m		a village in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Neerlangel	m		a village in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Overlangel	m		a village in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Neerloon	m		a village in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oijen	m		a village in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Teeffelen	m		a village in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
sepulcraal	a		sepulchral
Duurendseind	m		a hamlet in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gement	m		a hamlet in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Koolwijk	m		a hamlet in Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Schadewijk	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kortfoort	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vlashoek	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Amsteleind	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Docfapark	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hazenakker	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ussen	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Krinkelhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Horzak	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Danenhoef	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ruivert	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Mettegeupel	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rusheuvel	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoefeind	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Loovelt	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lockaert	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schalkskamp	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maasdonk	m		a former municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
videobewaking	n	de · mv. videobewakingen	video surveillance, video monitoring, CCTV
ontwerpdenken	n	het	the application of a defined set of cognitive, strategic and practical…
waardepropositie	n	de · mv. waardeproposities	value proposition
propositie	n	de · mv. proposities	proposition
Reek	m		a village and former municipality of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schaijk	m		a village and former municipality of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Duifhuis	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Driehuis	m		a village in Velsen, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Graspeel	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
verzieden	v	verzood – verzoden	to vaporize by cooking
Hoefkens	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kreitsberg	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nabbegat	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oventje	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rusven	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Voederheil	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zevenhuis	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Melkpad	m		a neighbourhood of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Landerd	m		a former municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Bernheze	m		a municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Heesch	m		a town and former municipality of Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dinther	m		a village and former municipality of Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heeswijk-Dinther	m		a village and former municipality of Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nistelrode	m		a village and former municipality of Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vorstenbosch	m		a village in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Loosbroek	m		a village in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Beugt	m		a hamlet in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Berkt	m		a hamlet in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Donzel	m		a hamlet in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Fokkershoek	m		a hamlet in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hazelberg	m		a hamlet in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heisewal	m		a hamlet in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kameren	m		a hamlet in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kantje	m		a hamlet in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Munnekens-Vinkel	m		a hamlet in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rukven	m		a hamlet in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zevenbergen	m		a city and former municipality of Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zoggel	m		a hamlet in Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Broekhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Bernheze, North Brabant, Netherlands
Odiliapeel	m		a village in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Volkel	m		a village in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bedaf	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Biesthoek	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Eikenheuvel	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hengstheuvel	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hultje	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoogveld	m		a hamlet in Uden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kleuter	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kooldert	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lagenheuvel	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lankes	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maatsehei	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Niemeskant	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oosterens	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rakt	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schadron	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Slabroek	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Strepen	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vloet	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Weeg	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Velmolen	m		a hamlet in Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vijfhuis	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schutveld	m		a neighbourhood of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Raam	m		a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Loopkant	m		a neighbourhood of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Liessent	m		a neighbourhood of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoenderbos	m		a neighbourhood of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Flatwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bitswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoevenseveld	m		a neighbourhood of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
sakkeren	n		to curse, to swear
Langenboom	m		a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wilbertoord	m		a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bruggen	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Molengat	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vilheide	m		a neighbourhood of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Molenheide	m		a neighbourhood of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bakheide	m		a neighbourhood of Beesel, Limburg, Netherlands
Beringerhoek	m		a hamlet in Peel en Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Landhorst	m		a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ledeacker	m		a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
inspraak	n	de	say, seat at the table; the opportunity to express one's views or concerns…
Oploo	m		a village and former municipality of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Stevensbeek	m		a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wanroij	m		a village and former municipality of Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Westerbeek	m		a village in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a surname
Blauwenhoek	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Broekkant	m		a hamlet in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hulsbeek	m		a hamlet in Sint Anthonis, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lamperen	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Noordkant	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Papenvoort	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Peelkant	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Peelstraat	m		a hamlet in Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rondveld	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Spekklef	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Toven	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ullingen	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Verlorenhoek	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vlagberg	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zandkant	m		a hamlet in Land van Cuijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
kubiekwortel	n	de · mv. kubiekwortels	cube root
Boekel	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Castricum, North Holland, Netherlands
Venhorst	m		a village in Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Arendnest	m		a hamlet in Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Berkhoek	m		a hamlet in Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bovenstehuis	m		a hamlet in Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Burgt	m		a hamlet in Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Elzen	m		a hamlet in Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Leurke	m		a hamlet in Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Molenwijk	m		a hamlet in Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands
Neerbroek	m		a hamlet in Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Peelsehuis	m		a hamlet in Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rietven	m		a hamlet in Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zijp	m		a hamlet in Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Logt	m		a neighbourhood of Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vogelenzang	m		a village in Bloemendaal, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Rhenen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Dooleggen	m		a neighbourhood of Boekel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gemert-Bakel	m		a municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
verbrouwen	v	verbrouwde – verbrouwen	to use up by brewing (corn, barley, malt)
verstinken	v	verstonk – verstonken	to bother someone with stench; to start stinking; to start rot, to decay
vereten	v	verat – vereten	to devour; to spend for food; to overeat
Bakel	m		a village in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Elsendorp	m		a village in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gemert	m		a village and former municipality of Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Milheeze	m		a village in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bakelsebrug	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Benthem	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boekent	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Doonheide	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Esdonk	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Esp	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Geneneind	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Grotel	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heidveld	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hilakker	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoogen-Aarle	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kaweide	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kivitsbraak	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Klef	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kuundert	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Mathijseind	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Milschot	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Muizenhol	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Neerstraat	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nuijeneind	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Overschot	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ravensgat	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rootvlaas	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schouw	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Schutsboom	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Speurgt	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Tereyken	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ven	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Verreheide	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vossenberg	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Gilze en Rijen, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wolfsbosch	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zaarvlaas	m		a hamlet in Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Molenbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Berglaren	m		a neighbourhood of Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oliekelder	m		a neighbourhood of Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Paashoef	m		a neighbourhood of Gemert-Bakel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Liessel	m		a village in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vlierden	m		a village and former municipality of Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Helenaveen	m		a village in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Neerkant	m		a village in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Baarschot	m		a village in Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Beersdonk	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Belgeren	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bleijs	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Breemortel	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Derp	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Donschot	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Haageind	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hanenberg	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heieind	m		a hamlet in Bladel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heimolen	m		a hamlet in Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heitrak	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kerkeind	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kranenmortel	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kulert	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Leensel	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Merlenberg	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Molenhof	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Pannenschop	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Veldheuvel	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vloeieind	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Reusel-De Mierden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Voort	m		a hamlet in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vreekwijk	m		a hamlet in Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zeilberg	m		a neighbourhood of Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Walsberg	m		a neighbourhood of Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Koolhof	m		a neighbourhood of Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Houtenhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schooteind	m		a neighbourhood of Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sint-Jozefparochie	m		a neighbourhood of Deurne, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ommel	m		a village in Asten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Achterbos	m		a hamlet in Asten, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Behelp	m		a hamlet in Asten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bussel	m		a hamlet in Asten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Laarbroek	m		a hamlet in Asten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oostappen	m		a hamlet in Asten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rinkveld	m		a hamlet in Asten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Voordeldonk	m		a hamlet in Asten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vosselen	m		a hamlet in Asten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Someren	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Someren-Eind	m		a village in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Someren-Heide	m		a village in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
treiler	n	de · mv. treilers	trawler (fishing boat using a trawl net or dragnet)
Lierop	m		a village and former municipality of Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Meerburg	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands; a surname
Achterbroek	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Berkeindje	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boomen	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Eindje	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gebergte	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hersel	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Moorsel	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oeijenbraak	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Otterdijk	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Slieven	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Speelheuvel	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Stipdonk	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vaarsel	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vlas	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Winkelstraat	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zomerven	m		a hamlet in Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Waterdael	m		a neighbourhood of Someren, North Brabant, Netherlands
Cranendonck	m		a hamlet and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Budel-Dorplein	m		a village in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
Budel-Schoot	m		a village in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gastel	m		a village and former municipality of Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maarheeze	m		a village and former municipality of Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
Soerendonk	m		a village in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hugten	m		a hamlet in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
Keunenhoek	m		a hamlet in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
Klein-Schoot	m		a hamlet in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
Meemortel	m		a hamlet in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
Midbuul	m		a hamlet in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schoordijk	m		a hamlet in Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heesakker	m		a hamlet in Pelt, Belgium; a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kijkakkers	m		a neighbourhood of Cranendonck, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heeze-Leende	m		a municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Heeze	m		a village and former municipality of Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Leende	m		a village and former municipality of Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Leenderstrijp	m		a village in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sterksel	m		a village in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boschhoven	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bruggerhuizen	m		a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Euvelwegen	m		a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ginderover	m		a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hazenhurk	m		a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heezerenbosch	m		a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kreijl	m		a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Muggenberg	m		a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oosterik	m		a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oudenmolen	m		a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rul	m		a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Strabrecht	m		a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Valkenhorst	m		a hamlet in Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
Weibossen	m		a neighbourhood of Heeze-Leende, North Brabant, Netherlands
pakjesboot	n	de · mv. pakjesboten	a cargo ship
Waalre	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Achtereind	m		a hamlet in Waalre, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ekenrooi	m		a hamlet in Waalre, North Brabant, Netherlands
Timmereind	m		a hamlet in Waalre, North Brabant, Netherlands
Voldijn	m		a neighbourhood of Waalre, North Brabant, Netherlands
Valkenswaard	m		a town and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Deelshurk	m		a hamlet in Valkenswaard, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heuvel	m		a hamlet in Bladel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Valkenswaard, North Brabant, Netherlands
Keersop	m		a hamlet in Valkenswaard, North Brabant, Netherlands
Venbergen	m		a hamlet in Valkenswaard, North Brabant, Netherlands
Geenhoven	m		a neighbourhood of Valkenswaard, North Brabant, Netherlands
Agnetendal	m		a neighbourhood of Valkenswaard, North Brabant, Netherlands
Turfberg	m		a neighbourhood of Valkenswaard, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kerkakkers	m		a neighbourhood of Valkenswaard, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schepelweijen	m		a neighbourhood of Valkenswaard, North Brabant, Netherlands
Keersopperbeemden	m		a neighbourhood of Valkenswaard, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bergeijk	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Luyksgestel	m		a village and former municipality of Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Riethoven	m		a village and former municipality of Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Westerhoven	m		a village and former municipality of Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Weebosch	m		a village in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boscheind	m		a hamlet in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Braambosch	m		a hamlet in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heiereind	m		a hamlet in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Loveren	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Vught, North Brabant, Netherlands
Muggenhool	m		a hamlet in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rijt	m		a hamlet in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sengelsbroek	m		a hamlet in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Spaanrijt	m		a hamlet in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Walik	m		a hamlet in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Witrijt	m		a hamlet in Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Beistervelden	m		a neighbourhood of Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Eykereind	m		a neighbourhood of Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lijnt	m		a neighbourhood of Bergeijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Veldhoven	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Bocholt, Belgium
Halfmijl	m		a hamlet in Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Scherpenering	m		a hamlet in Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schoot	m		a hamlet in Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Toterfout	m		a hamlet in Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zandoerle	m		a hamlet in Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Meerveldhoven	m		a neighbourhood of Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zeelst	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
D'Ekker	m		a neighbourhood of Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zonderwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Cobbeek	m		a neighbourhood of Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Duizel	m		a village and former municipality of Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Knegsel	m		a village and former municipality of Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Steensel	m		a village and former municipality of Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wintelre	m		a village and former municipality of Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bijsterveld	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boksheide	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoekdries	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kreiel	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maaskant	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Meerven	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Molenveld	m		a hamlet in Dilsen-Stokkem, Belgium; a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Doesburg, Gelderland, Netherlands
Mosik	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Mostheuvel	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sneidershoek	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Spijkert	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Stevert	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Stokkelen	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Veneind	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wolfshoek	m		a hamlet in Eersel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bladel	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Casteren	m		a village in Bladel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hapert	m		a village in Bladel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoogeloon	m		a village in Bladel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Netersel	m		a village in Bladel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Biezenheuvel	m		a hamlet in Bladel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Broekenseind	m		a hamlet in Bladel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dalem	m		a village in Gorinchem, South Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Bladel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoogcasteren	m		a hamlet in Bladel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Landorp	m		a hamlet in Bladel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lemel	m		a hamlet in Bladel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Helleneind	m		a neighbourhood of Bladel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Reusel	m		a village and former municipality of Reusel-De Mierden, North Brabant,…
Hulsel	m		a village in Reusel-De Mierden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Braakhoek	m		a hamlet in Reusel-De Mierden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kippereind	m		a hamlet in Reusel-De Mierden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kuilenrode	m		a hamlet in Reusel-De Mierden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Mispeleind	m		a hamlet in Reusel-De Mierden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vooreind	m		a hamlet in Reusel-De Mierden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lensheuvel	m		a neighbourhood of Reusel-De Mierden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Weijereind	m		a neighbourhood of Reusel-De Mierden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hilvarenbeek	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Biest-Houtakker	m		a village in Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Diessen	m		a village and former municipality of Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Esbeek	m		a village in Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Haghorst	m		a village in Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gorp	m		a hamlet in Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Roovert	m		a hamlet in Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Tulder	m		a hamlet in Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Waterstraat	m		a hamlet in Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Westerwijk	m		a hamlet in Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Slibbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Doelakkers	m		a neighbourhood of Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Molenakkers	m		a neighbourhood of Hilvarenbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Moergestel	m		a village and former municipality of Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Belvert	m		a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Broekzijde	m		a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gever	m		a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heiligeboom	m		a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heuvelstraat	m		a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Noenes	m		a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Stokske	m		a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vinkenberg	m		a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoog-Heukelom	m		a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Laag-Heukelom	m		a hamlet in Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kerkhoven	m		a neighbourhood of Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hondsberg	m		a neighbourhood of Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Cromvoirt	m		a village and former municipality of Vught, North Brabant, Netherlands
Helvoirt	m		a village and former municipality of Vught, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bergenshuizen	m		a hamlet in Vught, North Brabant, Netherlands
Distelberg	m		a hamlet in Vught, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gijzel	m		a hamlet in Vught, North Brabant, Netherlands
Molenstraat	m		a hamlet in Loon op Zand, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Vught, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schoonveld	m		a neighbourhood of Vught, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vlasmeer	m		a neighbourhood of Vught, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boxtel	m		a town and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Liempde	m		a village and former municipality of Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heult	m		a hamlet in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hezelaar	m		a hamlet in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kasteren	m		a hamlet in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kinderbos	m		a hamlet in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kleinder-Liempde	m		a hamlet in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lennisheuvel	m		a village in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Luissel	m		a hamlet in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Roond	m		a hamlet in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schorvert	m		a hamlet in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Selissen	m		a hamlet in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vrilkhoven	m		a hamlet in Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Munsel	m		a neighbourhood of Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Selissenwal	m		a neighbourhood of Boxtel, North Brabant, Netherlands
wachtzaal	n	de · mv. wachtzalen	waiting room; concourse
mensenheugenis	n	de · mv. mensenheugenissen	living memory
bebinden	v	bebond – bebonden	to bind; fasten; tie
bedrinken	v	bedronk – bedronken	to make drunk; to drink to, to drink in honor of someone or something; to get drunk, to make oneself get drunk
beklinken	v	beklonk – beklonken	to clink glasses in honor of; to become solid; to make solid
Middelbeers	m		a village in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oostelbeers	m		a village in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Westelbeers	m		a village in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
bekrimpen	v	bekromp – bekrompen	to make smaller; to limit, to restrict; to moderate, to limit oneself in expenditures or needs
Spoordonk	m		a village in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boterwijk	m		a hamlet in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Evenheuvel	m		a hamlet in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Huijgevoort	m		a hamlet in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kattenberg	m		a hamlet in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kuikseind	m		a hamlet in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lieveld	m		a hamlet in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Pandgat	m		a hamlet in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Polsdonken	m		a hamlet in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Theetuin	m		a hamlet in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Tregelaar	m		a hamlet in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Voorteind	m		a hamlet in Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Snepseind	m		a neighbourhood of Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands
Aarle	m		a hamlet in Best, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vleut	m		a hamlet in Best, North Brabant, Netherlands
Batadorp	m		a neighbourhood of Best, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wilhelminadorp	m		a village in Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Best, North Brabant, Netherlands
Salderes	m		a neighbourhood of Best, North Brabant, Netherlands
Naastenbest	m		a neighbourhood of Best, North Brabant, Netherlands
Verrenbest	m		a neighbourhood of Best, North Brabant, Netherlands
Speelheide	m		a neighbourhood of Best, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heuveleind	m		a neighbourhood of Best, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heivelden	m		a neighbourhood of Best, North Brabant, Netherlands
Breugel	m		a village in Son en Breugel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hooidonk	m		a hamlet in Son en Breugel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Houtens	m		a hamlet in Son en Breugel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Keske	m		a hamlet in Son en Breugel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sonniuswijk	m		a hamlet in Son en Breugel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wolfswinkel	m		a hamlet in Son en Breugel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gerwen	m		a village in Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nederwetten	m		a village in Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Eeneind	m		a village in Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Alvershool	m		a hamlet in Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boord	m		a hamlet in Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heerendonk	m		a hamlet in Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Langlaar	m		a hamlet in Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Olen	m		a hamlet in Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Opwetten	m		a hamlet in Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rullen	m		a hamlet in Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Spekt	m		a hamlet in Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Refeling	m		a neighbourhood of Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bokt	m		a hamlet in Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sliffert	m		a hamlet in Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Urkhoven	m		a hamlet in Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
beknijpen	v	bekneep – beknepen	to pinch, to squeeze; to hold or grasp in a squeezing manner; to oppress
beschrijden	v	beschreed – beschreden	to stride across (a specific terrain or location); sit astride on an animal
Stratum	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Strijp	m		a hamlet in Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood and former municipality of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Rijswijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Tongelre	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gestel	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Blaarthem	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Woensel	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Fellenoord	m		a hamlet in Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oud-Stratum	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Irisbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rochusbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Elzent-Noord	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Elzent-Zuid	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Looiakkers	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kortonjo	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kerstroosplein	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gerardusplein	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Genneperzijde	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Roosten	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Eikenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Poeijers	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Burghplan	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sintenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gijzenrooi	m		a hamlet in Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kruidenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Schuttersbosch	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lakerlopen	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oud-Tongelre	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Doornakkers	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Karpen	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Koudenhoven	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oud-Woensel	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Limbeek	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hemelrijken	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gildebuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Erp	m		a village and former municipality of Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kronehoef	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Mensfort	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rapenland	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vredeoord	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Begijnenbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Generalenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hondsheuvels	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Eckartdal	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ontginning	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Driehoeksbos	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Prinsejagt	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Jagershoef	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vlokhoven	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gunterslaer	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Spaaihoef	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Aanschot	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Blixembosch	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dommelbeemd	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Luytelaer	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vaartbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heesterakker	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oud-Strijp	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Eliasterrein	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vonderkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Philipsdorp	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Engelsbergen	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schouwbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lievendaal	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wielewaal	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Herdgang	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rozenknopje	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schrijversbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Hagenkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oud-Gestel	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Genderdal	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rapelenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bennekel	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Genderbeemd	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hanevoet	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ooievaarsnest	m		a neighbourhood of Eindhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands
Mierlo	m		a village and former municipality of Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Geldrop-Mierlo	m		a municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Zesgehuchten	m		a former municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Bekelaar	m		a hamlet in Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Genoenhuis	m		a neighbourhood of Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heiderschoor	m		a hamlet in Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Loeswijk	m		a hamlet in Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Luchen	m		a hamlet in Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Overakker	m		a hamlet in Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Trimpert	m		a hamlet in Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Voortje	m		a hamlet in Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Akert	m		a neighbourhood of Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Braakhuizen	m		a neighbourhood of Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Coevering	m		a neighbourhood of Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Skandia	m		a neighbourhood of Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kievit	m		a neighbourhood of Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Beekweide	m		a neighbourhood of Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oranjeveld	m		a neighbourhood of Geldrop-Mierlo, North Brabant, Netherlands
bouwvergunning	n	de · mv. bouwvergunningen	planning permission, building permit
Stiphout	m		a village and former municipality of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Brouwhuis	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Mierlo-Hout	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Berenbroek	m		a hamlet in Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Diepenbroek	m		a hamlet in Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Geeneind	m		a hamlet in Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kloostereind	m		a hamlet in Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kranenbroek	m		a hamlet in Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kruisschot	m		a hamlet in Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Medevoort	m		a hamlet in Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Overbrug	m		a hamlet in Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rijpelberg	m		a hamlet in Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Scheepstal	m		a hamlet in Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dierdonk	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Brandevoort	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ganzenwinkel	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heipoort	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Beisterveld	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Straakven	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Binderen	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Houtsdonk	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zwanenbeemd	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Laarbeek	m		a municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Aarle-Rixtel	m		a village and former municipality of Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lieshout	m		a village and former municipality of Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Mariahout	m		a village in Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Achterbosch	m		a hamlet in Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Beemdkant	m		a hamlet in Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bemmer	m		a hamlet in Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Donkersvoort	m		a hamlet in Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ginderdoor	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heereind	m		a hamlet in Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Karstraat	m		a hamlet in Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Peeldijk	m		a hamlet in Laarbeek, North Brabant, Netherlands
Belgistan	m		Belgium
Meierijstad	m		a municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Schijndel	m		a village and former municipality of Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sint-Oedenrode	m		a city and former municipality of Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boerdonk	m		a village in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Keldonk	m		a village in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Eerde	m		a village in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Mariaheide	m		a village in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nijnsel	m		a village in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Olland	m		a village in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wijbosch	m		a village in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zijtaart	m		a village in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hermalen	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Beukelaar	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bolst	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Doornhoek	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dorshout	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Elde	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Everse	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Eerschot	m		a neighbourhood of Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Havelt	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heuvelberg	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoeves	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Houterd	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hurkske	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoogebiezen	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lagebiezen	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Jekschot	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kapeleind	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kempkens	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Koevering	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Steenbergen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kraanmeer	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kremselen	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lieseind	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Looieind	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Meijldoorn	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Middegaal	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Mosbulten	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oetelaar	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rijkerbeek	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vernhout	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vressel	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Weieven	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zandhoef	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zondveld	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zwijnsbergen	m		a hamlet in Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Leest	m		a neighbourhood of Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoevenbraak	m		a neighbourhood of Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boschweg	m		a neighbourhood of Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kienehoef	m		a neighbourhood of Meierijstad, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sint-Michielsgestel	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Berlicum	m		a village and former municipality of Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant,…
Gemonde	m		a village in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maaskantje	m		a village in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Middelrode	m		a village in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Beekveld	m		a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Besselaar	m		a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Koetsier	m		a surname
Haanwijk	m		a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Hersend	m		a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Horzik	m		a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nijvelaar	m		a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Plein	m		a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Poeldonk	m		a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ruimel	m		a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wamberg	m		a hamlet in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Theereheide	m		a neighbourhood of Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Venkant	m		a neighbourhood of Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bokhoven	m		a village and former municipality of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant,…
Empel	m		a village in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oud-Empel	m		a hamlet in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Meerwijk	m		a hamlet in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Uithoorn, North Holland, Netherlands
Engelen	m		a village and former municipality of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant,…
Kruisstraat	m		a village in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nuland	m		a village and former municipality of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant,…
Rosmalen	m		a village and former municipality of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant,…
Vinkel	m		a village in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Deuteren	m		a hamlet in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dieskant	m		a hamlet in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heeseind	m		a hamlet in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kaathoven	m		a hamlet in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lagekant	m		a hamlet in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schotsheuvel	m		a hamlet in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maliskamp	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hintham	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Aawijk	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wolfsdonken	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Orthen	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oudheusden	m		a village and former municipality of Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Doeveren	m		a village in Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Drunen	m		a village and former municipality of Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Haarsteeg	m		a village in Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hedikhuizen	m		a village and former municipality of Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heesbeen	m		a village in Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Herpt	m		a village and former municipality of Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nieuwkuijk	m		a village and former municipality of Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vlijmen	m		a village and former municipality of Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Giersbergen	m		a hamlet in Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Luttelherpt	m		a hamlet in Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Voordijk	m		a hamlet in Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Barendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Braken	m		a neighbourhood of Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vliedberg	m		a neighbourhood of Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vijfhoeven	m		a neighbourhood of Heusden, North Brabant, Netherlands
Woudrichem	m		a city and former municipality of Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Almkerk	m		a village and former municipality of Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Andel	m		a village and former municipality of Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Babyloniënbroek	m		a village in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Drongelen	m		a village and former municipality of Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dussen	m		a village and former municipality of Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Eethen	m		a village and former municipality of Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Genderen	m		a village and former municipality of Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Giessen	m		a village and former municipality of Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Meeuwen	m		a village and former municipality of Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nieuwendijk	m		a village in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Sleeuwijk	m		a village in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Uitwijk	m		a village in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Waardhuizen	m		a village in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amstelveen, North Holland, Netherlands
Werkendam	m		a village and former municipality of Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Aalburg	m		a former municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Biesheuvel	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Buurtje	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoekeinde	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Keizersveer	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kerkeinde	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kievitswaard	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kille	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oudendijk	m		a village and former municipality of Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Peerenboom	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Stenenheul	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Steurgat	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Uppel	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vierbannen	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vijcie	m		a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zandwijk	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Altena, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood and former village in Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Drimmelen	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Terheijden	m		a village and former municipality of Drimmelen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wagenberg	m		a village in Drimmelen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Binnen-Moerdijk	m		a hamlet in Drimmelen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gaete	m		a hamlet in Drimmelen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Helkant	m		a hamlet in Drimmelen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oud-Drimmelen	m		a hamlet in Drimmelen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Steelhoven	m		a hamlet in Drimmelen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Stuivezand	m		a hamlet in Drimmelen, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Plukmade	m		a hamlet in Drimmelen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dorst	m		a village in Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oosteind	m		a village in Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Waalwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Papendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Hespelaar	m		a hamlet in Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Seters	m		a hamlet in Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vrachelen	m		a hamlet in Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Slotjes	m		a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Warande	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Strijen	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gilze	m		a village in Gilze en Rijen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rijen	m		a village in Gilze en Rijen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hulten	m		a village in Gilze en Rijen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Molenschot	m		a village in Gilze en Rijen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Biestraat	m		a hamlet in Gilze en Rijen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bolberg	m		a hamlet in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Gilze en Rijen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Laareind	m		a hamlet in Gilze en Rijen, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Rhenen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Langereit	m		a hamlet in Gilze en Rijen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nerhoven	m		a hamlet in Gilze en Rijen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Verhoven	m		a hamlet in Gilze en Rijen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Raakeind	m		a hamlet in Gilze en Rijen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Weilenseind	m		a hamlet in Gilze en Rijen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dongen	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Klein-Dongen	m		a hamlet in Dongen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Laagstraat	m		a hamlet in Dongen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Geertruidenberg	m		a city and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Raamsdonk	m		a village and former municipality of Geertruidenberg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Raamsdonksveer	m		a village in Geertruidenberg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Statendam	m		a hamlet in Geertruidenberg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sandoel	m		a neighbourhood of Geertruidenberg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hertogshoef	m		a neighbourhood of Geertruidenberg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Waspik	m		a village and former municipality of Waalwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Waspik-Zuid	m		a village in Waalwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sprangsevaart	m		a hamlet in Waalwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nieuwe-Vaart	m		a hamlet in Waalwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sprang-Capelle	m		a village and former municipality of Waalwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vrijhoeve-Capelle	m		a village and former municipality of Waalwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hooge-Vaart	m		a hamlet in Waalwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Baardwijk	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Waalwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Besoijen	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Waalwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zanddonk	m		a neighbourhood of Waalwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Meerdijk	m		a neighbourhood of Waalwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kaatsheuvel	m		a village in Loon op Zand, North Brabant, Netherlands
Duiksehoef	m		a hamlet in Loon op Zand, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kraanven	m		a hamlet in Loon op Zand, North Brabant, Netherlands
Molenwijck	m		a neighbourhood of Loon op Zand, North Brabant, Netherlands
airfryer	n	de · mv. airfryers	air fryer
sloopkogel	n	de · mv. sloopkogels	wrecking ball
Berkel-Enschot	m		a village and former municipality of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Udenhout	m		a village and former municipality of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Biezenmortel	m		a village in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Berkeind	m		a hamlet in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hazennest	m		a hamlet in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heuveltje	m		a hamlet in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hooghout	m		a hamlet in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Koningshoeven	m		a hamlet in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Moerenburg	m		a hamlet in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Quirijnstok	m		a hamlet in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rugdijk	m		a hamlet in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schoorstraat	m		a hamlet in Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vijfhuizen	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Goirle, North Brabant, Netherlands
Korvel	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Stokhasselt	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Eikenbosch	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Huibeven	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wandelbos	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vlierakkers	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zeshoeven	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Achthoeven	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Goirle	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Abcoven	m		a hamlet in Goirle, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bakertand	m		a hamlet in Goirle, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boschkens	m		a hamlet in Goirle, North Brabant, Netherlands
Breehees	m		a hamlet in Goirle, North Brabant, Netherlands
Looienhoek	m		a hamlet in Goirle, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nieuwkerk	m		a hamlet in Goirle, North Brabant, Netherlands
Spaansehoek	m		a hamlet in Goirle, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zandeind	m		a hamlet in Goirle, North Brabant, Netherlands
Grobbendonck	m		a neighbourhood of Goirle, North Brabant, Netherlands
Baarle-Nassau	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Ulicoten	m		a village in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Castelré	m		a village in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gorpeind	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heesboom	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Huisvennen	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Keizershoek	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Liefkenshoek	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maaijkant	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nijhoven	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Reth	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Reuth	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schaluinen	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Tommel	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Veldbraak	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Voske	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Groot-Bedaf	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Klein-Bedaf	m		a hamlet in Baarle-Nassau, North Brabant, Netherlands
Chaam	m		a village and former municipality of Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Galder	m		a village in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Strijbeek	m		a village in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Alphen-Oosterwijk	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Chaamdijk	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Snijders-Chaam	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Balleman	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boslust	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Couwelaar	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dassemus	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Druisdijk	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Geersbroek	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Goedentijd	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Grazen	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heerstaaien	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hondseind	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Houtgoor	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kalishoek	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kerzel	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kwaalburg	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Leg	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Looneind	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Meijsberg	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Notsel	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rakens	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Terover	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Venweg	m		a hamlet in Alphen-Chaam, North Brabant, Netherlands
Munting	m		a surname
Bavel	m		a village and former municipality of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Effen	m		a village in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ginneken	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nieuw-Ginneken	m		a former municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Prinsenbeek	m		a village and former municipality of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Princenhage	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Teteringen	m		a village and former municipality of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ulvenhout	m		a village in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rith	m		a hamlet in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Diunt	m		a hamlet in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Eikberg	m		a hamlet in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lijndonk	m		a hamlet in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Overa	m		a hamlet in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Roosberg	m		a hamlet in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Tervoort	m		a hamlet in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vaareind	m		a hamlet in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vuchtschoot	m		a hamlet in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Westrik	m		a hamlet in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Chassé	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schorsmolen	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Belcrum	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Biesdonk	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Geeren	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Krogten	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wisselaar	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heusdenhout	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
IJpelaar	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boeimeer	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hazeldonk	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heilaar	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gageldonk	m		a neighbourhood of Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Overkroeten	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Muizenberg	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands; Muizenberg (a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao); Muizenberg (a wetland in Muizenberg, Willemstad, Curaçao)
Pennendijk	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bankenstraat	m		a hamlet in Etten-Leur, North Brabant, Netherlands
Klappenberg	m		a hamlet in Etten-Leur, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wildert	m		a hamlet in Etten-Leur, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zandspui	m		a hamlet in Etten-Leur, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zwartenberg	m		a hamlet in Etten-Leur, North Brabant, Netherlands
Attelaken	m		a neighbourhood of Etten-Leur, North Brabant, Netherlands
Baai	m		a neighbourhood of Etten-Leur, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zundert	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Achtmaal	m		a village in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Klein-Zundert	m		a village in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rijsbergen	m		a village and former municipality of Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wernhout	m		a village and former municipality of Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Breedschot	m		a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hellegat	m		a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hulsdonk	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kaarschot	m		a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oekel	m		a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Klein-Oekel	m		a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Luitert	m		a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maalbergen	m		a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ostaaijen	m		a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Raamberg	m		a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Tiggelt	m		a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Tiggeltscheberg	m		a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Weimeren	m		a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wernhoutsburg	m		a hamlet in Zundert, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rucphen	m		a village and municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Schijf	m		a village in Rucphen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sprundel	m		a village in Rucphen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zegge	m		a village and former municipality of Rucphen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Langeschouw	m		a hamlet in Rucphen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Munnikenheide	m		a hamlet in Rucphen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nederheide	m		a hamlet in Rucphen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Noordhoek	m		a village in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Rucphen, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Steenpaal	m		a hamlet in Rucphen, North Brabant, Netherlands
verwaaien	v	verwaaide – verwaaid	to blow away; to be spread or scattered by blowing; to be exposed to the wind
Heerle	m		a village in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Moerstraten	m		a village in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nispen	m		a village in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wouw	m		a village and former municipality of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Akker	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boeiink	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Borteldonk	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Brembosch	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bulkenaar	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Everland	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Haiink	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hazelaar	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heijbeek	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoevestein	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hollandsdiep	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nieuwenberg	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oostlaar	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vijfhoek	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Vinkenbroek	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Visdonk	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vleet	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vroenhout	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zoomvliet	m		a hamlet in Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kalsdonk	m		a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Langdonk	m		a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Langendijk	m		a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kortendijk	m		a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Tolberg	m		a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Borchwerf	m		a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Burgerhout	m		a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Halderberge	m		a municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
Bosschenhoofd	m		a village in Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oudenbosch	m		a village and former municipality of Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands
Stampersgat	m		a village in Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands
Galgestraat	m		a hamlet in Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gastelsveer	m		a hamlet in Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gors	m		a hamlet in Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Purmerend, North Holland, Netherlands
Kuivezand	m		a hamlet in Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands
Palingstraat	m		a hamlet in Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands
Stoof	m		a hamlet in Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland, Netherlands
bespugen	v	bespoog – bespogen	to spit at
Klundert	m		a city and former municipality of Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Standdaarbuiten	m		a village and former municipality of Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Langeweg	m		a village in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Helwijk	m		a village in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heijningen	m		a village in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Fijnaart	m		a village in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Achterdijk	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Barlaque	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bovensluis	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoekske	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lochtenburg	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nieuwemolen	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Noordschans	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oranjeoord	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Pelikaan	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Roodevaart	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Strooiendorp	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Tonnekreek	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zwingelspaan	m		a hamlet in Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
onderbieden	v	onderbood – onderboden	to underbid, to bid lower than
Dinteloord	m		a village in Steenbergen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kruisland	m		a village in Steenbergen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nieuw-Vossemeer	m		a village and former municipality of Steenbergen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oud-Vossemeer	m		a village and former municipality of Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Welberg	m		a village in Steenbergen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bloemendijk	m		a hamlet in Steenbergen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boompjesdijk	m		a hamlet in Steenbergen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dintelsas	m		a hamlet in Steenbergen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Drenkhoos	m		a hamlet in Steenbergen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Notendaal	m		a hamlet in Steenbergen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Rolaf	m		a hamlet in Steenbergen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Visberg	m		a hamlet in Steenbergen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Waterhoefke	m		a hamlet in Steenbergen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Wildenhoek	m		a hamlet in Steenbergen, North Brabant, Netherlands
Halsteren	m		a village and former municipality of Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lepelstraat	m		a village in Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heihoefke	m		a hamlet in Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kijkuit	m		a hamlet in Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Klutsdorp	m		a hamlet in Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
Slikkenburg	m		a hamlet in Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands; a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Spinolaberg	m		a hamlet in Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vetterik	m		a hamlet in Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vrederust	m		a hamlet in Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Zuidgeest	m		a hamlet in Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
Noordgeest	m		a neighbourhood of Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
Meilust	m		a neighbourhood of Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zeekant	m		a neighbourhood of Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
Augustapolder	m		a neighbourhood of Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hoogerheide	m		a village and former municipality of Woensdrecht, North Brabant, Netherlands
Huijbergen	m		a village and former municipality of Woensdrecht, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ossendrecht	m		a village and former municipality of Woensdrecht, North Brabant, Netherlands
Putte	m		a village and former municipality of Woensdrecht, North Brabant, Netherlands
Aanwas	m		a hamlet in Woensdrecht, North Brabant, Netherlands
Calfven	m		a hamlet in Woensdrecht, North Brabant, Netherlands
Korteven	m		a hamlet in Woensdrecht, North Brabant, Netherlands
Leemberg	m		a hamlet in Woensdrecht, North Brabant, Netherlands
Overberg	m		a village in Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in Woensdrecht, North Brabant, Netherlands
Plaatsluis	m		a hamlet in Woensdrecht, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schoelieberg	m		a hamlet in Woensdrecht, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zandfort	m		a hamlet in Woensdrecht, North Brabant, Netherlands
cryovulkaan	n	de · mv. cryovulkanen	a volcano on an icy moon or asteroid that ejects volatile materials rather…
cryovulkanisme	n	de · mv. cryovulkanismen	the activity, and associated phenomena, of a cryovolcano – a volcano that…
bewassen	v	bewaste – bewassen	to clean by washing; to grow upon, to cover with growths; to cover with wax
Thewissen	m		a surname
rampjaar	n	het · mv. rampjaren	a disastrous year
bekerven	v	bekorf – bekorven	to carve into; to apply carvings unto
beruiken	v	berook – beroken	to smell at, sniff at
lessenrooster	n	het · mv. lessenroosters	class schedule
bevlechten	v	bevlocht – bevlochten	to braid; to provide with braids
beschelden	v	beschold – bescholden	to scold at; to blame
sst	i		st (hush; silence)
bijvangst	n	de · mv. bijvangsten	any fish (or other creatures) that are not targeted as a catch but are…
bespannen	v	bespande – bespannen	to span over, to span across; to cover an object with something that is stretched (wires, strings, cloth etc.); to harness an animal
bezouten	v	bezoutte – bezouten	to cover with salt; to affect or spoil with seawater; to flood with seawater
benijpen	v	beneep – benepen	to pinch, to squeeze; to distress, to frighten
bewrijven	v	bewreef – bewreven	to rub; to smear
beschenden	v	beschond – beschonden	to slander, vilify
beslijpen	v	besleep – beslepen	to grind, to remove the rough edges by grinding; to improve
bemeten	v	bemat – bemeten	to measure, measure off
besteken	v	bestak – bestoken	to stab; to attack by stabbing; to attach by stabbing
bezeiken	v	bezeikte – bezeikt	to piss at, to piss on
bespuwen	v	bespuwde – bespuwd	to spit at
bearbeiden	v	bearbeidde – bearbeid	to work on, to till; to strive, to attempt by labouring; to produce, to bring forth
beargumenteren	v	beargumenteerde – beargumenteerd	to argue; to substantiate
beaarden	v	beaardde – beaard	to cover with earth; to commit to the earth, bury
beangsten	v	beangstte – beangst	to make anxious, to make fearful, to alarm
bekoelen	v	bekoelde – bekoeld	to cool down; to cool down, to wane, to become less intense; to become less amicable
lexicografisch	a		lexicographic, lexicographical
Sint-Maartensdijk	m		a city and former municipality of Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Poortvliet	m		a village and former municipality of Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Scherpenisse	m		a village and former municipality of Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Sint-Annaland	m		a village and former municipality of Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Stavenisse	m		a village and former municipality of Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Botshoofd	m		a hamlet in Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Gorishoek	m		a hamlet in Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Malland	m		a hamlet in Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
bebloemen	v	bebloemde – bebloemd	to ornate, to cover with flowers; to flour, to cover with flour
Molenvliet	m		a hamlet in Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Barendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
beërven	v	beërfde – beërfd	to inherit, to acquire through inheritance
Mosselhoek	m		a hamlet in Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Schoondorp	m		a hamlet in Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Steenenkruis	m		a hamlet in Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Strijenham	m		a hamlet in Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Westkerke	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Strijen	m		a former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Schouwen-Duiveland	m		a municipality and island of Zeeland, Netherlands
Schouwen	m		a former island in Zeeland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Duiveland	m		a former island and former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Middenschouwen	m		a former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Westerschouwen	m		a former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Bruinisse	m		a village and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Brouwershaven	m		a city and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
parastataal	a		parastatal, relating to a company or agency controlled by the government but…
Burgh-Haamstede	m		a village in Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Burgh	m		a former village and former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Haamstede	m		a former village and former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Dreischor	m		a village and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Ellemeet	m		a village and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kerkwerve	m		a village and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Nieuwerkerk	m		a village and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Noordgouwe	m		a village and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Noordwelle	m		a village and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Oosterland	m		a village and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands; a village in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Renesse	m		a village and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Scharendijke	m		a village in Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Serooskerke	m		a village and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands; a village and former municipality of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Sirjansland	m		a village and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zonnemaire	m		a village and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Beldert	m		a hamlet in Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Brijdorpe	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Burghsluis	m		a hamlet in Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Dijkhuisjes	m		a hamlet in Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Elkerzee	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Looperskapelle	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Moriaanshoofd	m		a hamlet in Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Haamstede	m		a hamlet in Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Nieuwerkerke	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Schuddebeurs	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Westenschouwen	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zijpe	m		a hamlet in Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands; a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Vrijberge	m		a former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Klaaskinderkerke	m		a former village and former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Bloois	m		a former hamlet and former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Bommenede	m		a former village and former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Duivendijke	m		a former hamlet and former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Kaaskenswater	m		a neighbourhood of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Poortambacht	m		a neighbourhood of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kortgene	m		a city and former municipality of Noord-Beveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Colijnsplaat	m		a village and former municipality of Noord-Beveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Geersdijk	m		a village in Noord-Beveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kamperland	m		a village in Noord-Beveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Wissenkerke	m		a village and former municipality of Noord-Beveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Campensnieuwland	m		a hamlet in Noord-Beveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Plankendorp	m		a hamlet in Noord-Beveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Stroodorp	m		a hamlet in Noord-Beveland, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kampensnieuwland	m		a former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
's-Gravenhoek	m		a former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
bedruppen	v	bedrupte – bedrupt	to drip on, to drip at
Domburg	m		a city and former municipality of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Westkapelle	m		a city and former municipality of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Aagtekerke	m		a village and former municipality of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Biggekerke	m		a village and former municipality of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Gapinge	m		a village and former municipality of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Grijpskerke	m		a village and former municipality of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Koudekerke	m		a village and former municipality of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Meliskerke	m		a village and former municipality of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Oostkapelle	m		a village and former municipality of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Vrouwenpolder	m		a village and former municipality of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Lisse, South Holland, Netherlands
Boudewijnskerke	m		a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Buttinge	m		a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Dishoek	m		a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Geldtienden	m		a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Groot-Valkenisse	m		a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Klein-Valkenisse	m		a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Hoogelande	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Krommenhoeke	m		a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Mariekerke	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Molembaix	m		a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Molenperk	m		a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Pitteperk	m		a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Poppendamme	m		a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Snabbeldorp	m		a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Werendijke	m		a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Westhoek	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Poppekerke	m		a hamlet in Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zanddijk	m		a neighbourhood of Veere, Zeeland, Netherlands
Domburg-Binnen	m		a former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Domburg-Buiten	m		a former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Westkapelle-Binnen	m		a former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Valkenisse	m		a former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Vlissingen	m		Flushing (a city and municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands)
Ritthem	m		a village and former municipality of Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Oost-Souburg	m		a village and former municipality of Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands
West-Souburg	m		a village and former municipality of Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Welzinge	m		a hamlet in Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Groot-Abeele	m		a hamlet in Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Baskensburg	m		a neighbourhood of Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Paauwenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Lammerenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Papagaaienburg	m		a neighbourhood of Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Westerzicht	m		a neighbourhood of Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zuidbeek	m		a neighbourhood of Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Arnemuiden	m		a city and former municipality of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kleverskerke	m		a village and former municipality of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Brigdamme	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Oudedorp	m		a hamlet in Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Abeele	m		a hamlet in Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Schellach	m		a hamlet in Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Griffioen	m		a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Ramsburg	m		a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Stromenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Dauwendaele	m		a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Arnestein	m		a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Mortiere	m		a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Erasmuswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Nieuwland	m		a village and former municipality of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Baarland	m		a village and former municipality of Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Borssele	m		a village and former municipality of Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Driewegen	m		a village and former municipality of Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Ellewoutsdijk	m		a village and former municipality of Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
's-Gravenpolder	m		a village and former municipality of Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
's-Heerenhoek	m		a village and former municipality of Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Heinkenszand	m		a village and former municipality of Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Hoedekenskerke	m		a village and former municipality of Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Oudelande	m		a village and former municipality of Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Ovezande	m		a village and former municipality of Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Borsje	m		a surname
Lewedorp	m		a village in Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kwadendamme	m		a village in Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Baarsdorp	m		a hamlet in Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Bakendorp	m		a hamlet in Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Coudorpe	m		a hamlet in Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Graszode	m		a hamlet in Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Knaphof	m		a hamlet in Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Langeweegje	m		a hamlet in Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Rijkebuurt	m		a hamlet in Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Scheldeoord	m		a hamlet in Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Sinoutskerke	m		a hamlet in Borsele, Zeeland, Netherlands
Borsele	m		a municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Kattendijke	m		a village and former municipality of Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kloetinge	m		a village and former municipality of Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Wolphaartsdijk	m		a village and former municipality of Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Oud-Sabbinge	m		a village in Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Abbekinderen	m		a hamlet in Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Waanskinderen	m		a hamlet in Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Blauwewijk	m		a hamlet in Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Roodewijk	m		a hamlet in Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Eindewege	m		a hamlet in Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Monnikendijk	m		a hamlet in Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Planketent	m		a hamlet in Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Tervaten	m		a hamlet in Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Wissekerke	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Mannee	m		a neighbourhood of Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Biezelinge	m		a village in Kapelle, Zeeland, Netherlands
Schore	m		a village and former municipality of Kapelle, Zeeland, Netherlands
Wemeldinge	m		a village and former municipality of Kapelle, Zeeland, Netherlands
Eversdijk	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Kapelle, Zeeland, Netherlands
Dijkwel	m		a hamlet in Kapelle, Zeeland, Netherlands
Eliwerve	m		a neighbourhood of Kapelle, Zeeland, Netherlands
Overtieringe	m		a neighbourhood of Kapelle, Zeeland, Netherlands
Reimerswaal	m		a former city in Zeeland, Netherlands; a municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Hansweert	m		a village in Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Krabbendijke	m		a village and former municipality of Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kruiningen	m		a village and former municipality of Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Oostdijk	m		a village in Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland, Netherlands
Rilland	m		a village and former municipality of Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Waarde	m		a village and former municipality of Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Yerseke	m		a village and former municipality of Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Gawege	m		a hamlet in Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Middenhof	m		a hamlet in Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Roelshoek	m		a hamlet in Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Schorebrug	m		a hamlet in Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Stationsbuurt	m		a hamlet in Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Vlake	m		a hamlet in Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Völckerdorp	m		a hamlet in Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Yersekendam	m		a neighbourhood of Reimerswaal, Zeeland, Netherlands
Rilland-Bath	m		a former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Nieuwlande	m		a village in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands; a former village and former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Clinge	m		a village and former municipality of Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Graauw	m		a village in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Hengstdijk	m		a village and former municipality of Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kapellebrug	m		a village in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kloosterzande	m		a village in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kuitaart	m		a village in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Lamswaarde	m		a village in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Namen	m		a village in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Ossenisse	m		a village and former municipality of Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Terhole	m		a village in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Vogelwaarde	m		a village and former municipality of Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Walsoorden	m		a village in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Hontenisse	m		a former village and former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Stoppeldijk	m		a former village and former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Boschkapelle	m		a former village and former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Absdale	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Baalhoek	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Duivenhoek	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Emmadorp	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Fluitershoek	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Halfeind	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kalverdijk	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kamperhoek	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Keizerrijk	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Knuitershoek	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Krabbenhoek	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kreverhille	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kruisdorp	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kruispolderhaven	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Luntershoek	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Noordstraat	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Ossenhoek	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Paal	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Patrijzenhoek	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Pauluspolder	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Perkpolder	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Prosperdorp	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Roverberg	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Ruischendegat	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Schapershoek	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Scheldevaartshoek	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Sluis	m		a city and municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Statenboom	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Stoppeldijkveer	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Strooienstad	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Tasdijk	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Vogelfort	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Walenhoek	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zeedorp	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zeegat	m		a hamlet in Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Dullaert	m		a neighbourhood of Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Terneuzen	m		a city and municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
Biervliet	m		a city and former municipality of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Koewacht	m		a village and former municipality of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Overslag	m		a village and former municipality of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Sluiskil	m		a village in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Spui	m		a village in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Westdorpe	m		a village and former municipality of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zaamslag	m		a village and former municipality of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zandstraat	m		a village in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zuiddorpe	m		a village and former municipality of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Boerengat	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Bouchauterhaven	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Drieschouwen	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Eendragt	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Griete	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Hasjesstraat	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Isabellahaven	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kwakkel	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Magrette	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Mauritsfort	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Paradijs	m		a hamlet in Opmeer, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Passluis	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Poonhaven	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Reuzenhoek	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Reedijk	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Schapenbout	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Steenovens	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Stroodorpe	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Vaartwijk	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Waterhuis	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Wulpenbek	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zaamslagveer	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zandplaat	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zwartenhoek	m		a hamlet in Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Hugersluys	m		a neighbourhood of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Triniteit	m		a neighbourhood of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Katspolder	m		a neighbourhood of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Serlippenspolder	m		a neighbourhood of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Aardenburg	m		a city and former municipality of Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Sluis-Aardenburg	m		a former municipality of Zeeland, Netherlands
IJzendijke	m		a city and former municipality of Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Oostburg	m		a city and former municipality of Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Breskens	m		a village and former municipality of Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Cadzand	m		a village and former municipality of Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Eede	m		a village and former municipality of Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Groede	m		a village and former municipality of Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Hoofdplaat	m		a village and former municipality of Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Nieuwvliet	m		a village and former municipality of Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Retranchement	m		a village and former municipality of Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Schoondijke	m		a village and former municipality of Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Waterlandkerkje	m		a village and former municipality of Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zuidzande	m		a village and former municipality of Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Cadzand-Bad	m		a village in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Nieuwvliet-Bad	m		a village in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Akkerput	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Bakkersdam	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Balhofstede	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Boerenhol	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Draaibrug	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Heille	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Hoogeweg	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kapitalendam	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Klakbaan	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Klein-Brabant	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Koninginnehaven	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kruisdijk	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Kruishoofd	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Maaidijk	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Marolleput	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Moershoofde	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Mollekot	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Molentje	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Nieuwesluis	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Oudeland	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Oudemenne	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Plakkebord	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Ronduit	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Roodenhoek	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Sasput	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Scherpbier	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Slapershaven	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Slijkplaat	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Smedekensbrugge	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Steenhoven	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Stroopuit	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Terhofstede	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Tragel	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Valeiskreek	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Veldzicht	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Vuilpan	m		a hamlet in Sluis, Zeeland, Netherlands
Othene	m		a neighbourhood of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
achterwaren	v	achterwaarde – achterwaard	to keep safe, to protect; to oversee; to take care of, to nurse
ontblinken	v	ontblonk – ontblonken	to begin to shine, to begin to glitter
afrijgen	v	reeg af – afgeregen	to unstring
afrukken	v	rukte af – afgerukt	to tear away, snatch (away), pluck off; to jerk off, masturbate
afpennen	v	pende af – afgepend	to copy down, transcribe, write
ontschijnen	v	ontscheen – ontschenen	to lose its shine; to start shining
Waterwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Stedenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Zuiderzeewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Atolwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Oostrandpark	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Landstrekenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Noordersluis	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Boswijk	m		a hamlet in Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Landerijen	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Jagersveld	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Kofschip	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Boeier	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Karveel	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Kempenaar	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Punter	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Jol	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Galjoen	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Tjalk	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Schepenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands
Filmwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Parkwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Verzetswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Zeist, Utrecht, Netherlands
Staatsliedenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Baarn, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kruidenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Muziekwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Literatuurwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Noorderplassen	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Oostvaardersbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Seizoenenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Molenbuurt	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Bouwmeesterbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Landgoederenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Faunabuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Bloemenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Regenboogbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Indischebuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Eilandenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Stripheldenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Sieradenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Harderhaven	m		a hamlet in Zeewolde, Flevoland, Netherlands
Biddinghuizen	m		a village in Dronten, Flevoland, Netherlands
Roggebotsluis	m		a hamlet in Dronten, Flevoland, Netherlands
Ketelhaven	m		a hamlet in Dronten, Flevoland, Netherlands
ontwijzen	v	ontwees – ontwezen	to deprive by verdict
ontrijten	v	ontreet – ontreten	to tear away, to rip away
Emmeloord	m		a village in Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands
Bant	m		a village in Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands
Ens	m		a village in Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands
Espel	m		a village in Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands
Kraggenburg	m		a village in Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands
Luttelgeest	m		a village in Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands
Marknesse	m		a village in Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands
Nagele	m		a village in Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands
Tollebeek	m		a village in Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands
Schokkerhaven	m		a hamlet in Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands
Espelervaart	m		a neighbourhood of Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands
Revelsant	m		a neighbourhood of Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands
ontdelven	v	ontdolf – ontdolven	to dig up, to unearth
opgelijst	a		listed
verdelven	v	verdolf – verdolven	to dig, to excavate; to dig away, to remove by digging; to spade, to dig around
Corsel	m		a surname
verkruipen	v	verkroop – verkropen	to crawl away; to move slowly; to escape by crawling
ontkruipen	v	ontkroop – ontkropen	to crawl away from; to escape from by crawling; to crawl out of
ontdragen	v	ontdroeg – ontdragen	to carry away; to carry away to safety, to salvage; to deprive of, to steal
wokisme	n	het	wokeism
steenweg	n	de · mv. steenwegen	paved road; highway
desactiveren	v	desactiveerde – gedesactiveerd	to deactivate
Grafhorst	m		a city and former municipality of Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
's-Heerenbroek	m		a village in Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
IJsselmuiden	m		a village and former municipality of Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kampereiland	m		a hamlet in Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kamperveen	m		a village and former municipality of Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Mastenbroek	m		a village in Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wilsum	m		a village and former municipality of Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zalk	m		a village in Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Veecaten	m		a hamlet in Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bisschopswetering	m		a hamlet in Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hogeweg	m		a hamlet in Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Oosterholt	m		a hamlet in Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bruneppe	m		a neighbourhood of Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Flevowijk	m		a neighbourhood of Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Cellesbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
creperen	v	crepeerde – gecrepeerd	to be in straining pain, to suffer miserably; to die due to horrible circumstances
Bovenbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hagenbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Genemuiden	m		a city and former municipality of Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zwartsluis	m		a village and former municipality of Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kamperzeedijk-Oost	m		a village in Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kamperzeedijk-West	m		a village in Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Afsched	m		a hamlet in Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Cellemuiden	m		a hamlet in Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Genne	m		a hamlet in Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Genne-Overwaters	m		a hamlet in Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kievitsnest	m		a hamlet in Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Roebolligehoek	m		a hamlet in Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Streukel	m		a hamlet in Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zwartewatersklooster	m		a hamlet in Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zwartewaterland	m		a municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Nadorst	m		a neighbourhood of Zwartewaterland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Steenwijkerland	m		a municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Blokzijl	m		a village and former municipality of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Belt-Schutsloot	m		a village in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Blankenham	m		a village and former municipality of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Eesveen	m		a village in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Giethoorn	m		a village and former municipality of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kallenkote	m		a village in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kuinre	m		a village and former municipality of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Oldemarkt	m		a village and former municipality of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ossenzijl	m		a village in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Scheerwolde	m		a village in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Steenwijkerwold	m		a village and former municipality of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wanneperveen	m		a village and former municipality of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Barsbeek	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Basserveld	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Doosje	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Dinxterveen	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Dwarsgracht	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Eese	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Heetveld	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kadoelen	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Kalenberg	m		a hamlet in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Leeuwte	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Marijenkampen	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Moespot	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Muggenbeet	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Onna	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Paasloo	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Poepershoek	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Roekebosch	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ronduite	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Thij	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Tuk	m		a village in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
IJsselham	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wetering	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zuideinde	m		a hamlet in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Oldebroek, Gelderland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Zuidveen	m		a hamlet in Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Brederwiede	m		a former municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Dolderkanaal	m		a neighbourhood of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Oostermeenthe	m		a neighbourhood of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kerkbuurt	m		a hamlet in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Rouveen	m		a village in Staphorst, Overijssel, Netherlands
IJhorst	m		a village in Staphorst, Overijssel, Netherlands
Halfweg	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands
Hamingen	m		a hamlet in Staphorst, Overijssel, Netherlands
Lankhorst	m		a hamlet in Staphorst, Overijssel, Netherlands
Punthorst	m		a hamlet in Staphorst, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rollecate	m		a hamlet in Staphorst, Overijssel, Netherlands
Slingenberg	m		a hamlet in Staphorst, Overijssel, Netherlands
exponentiaalvergelijking	n	de · mv. exponentiaalvergelijkingen	exponential equation
exponentiaal	n	de · mv. exponentialen	exponential
geslaagdheidsvoorwaarde	n	de · mv. geslaagdheidsvoorwaarden	felicity condition
Rugge	m		a neighbourhood of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Zwollerkerspel	m		a former municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Windesheim	m		a village in Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wijthmen	m		a hamlet in Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Haerst	m		a hamlet in Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Harculo	m		a hamlet in Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
recyclen	v	recyclede – gerecycled	to recycle
Herfte	m		a hamlet in Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Langenholte	m		a hamlet in Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Oldeneel	m		a hamlet in Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Spoolde	m		a hamlet in Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Tolhuislanden	m		a hamlet in Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zalné	m		a hamlet in Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Katerveer	m		a hamlet in Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Aa-landen	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kamperpoort	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Diezerpoort	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hanzeland	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wipstrik	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Pierik	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Vechtlanden	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Stadshagen	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Assendorp	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Nieuw-Assendorp	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Oud-Assendorp	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Frankhuis	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ittersum	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ittersumerbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ittersumerlanden	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Berkum	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Westenholte	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Oud-Westenholte	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
sopropo	n	de · mv. sopropo's	bitter melon, bitter gourd, Momordica charantia and its fruit
Schellerbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Schellerhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Schellerlanden	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Oldenelerbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Oldenelerlanden	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Brinkhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bruggenhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bollebieste	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bagijneweide	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Gerenbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Gerenlanden	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Holtenbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Werkeren	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Stadsbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Breecamp	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Schoonhorst	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Milligen	m		a neighbourhood of Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Dalfsen	m		a village and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Leemcule	m		a neighbourhood of Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Polhaar	m		a neighbourhood of Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Pleijendal	m		a neighbourhood of Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ankum	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hoonhorst	m		a village in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Lemelerveld	m		a village in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Dalfserveld	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ooster-Dalfsen	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Dalmsholte	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hessum	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Lenthe	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
conversatieanalyse	n	de · mv. conversatieanalyses	conversational analysis
relevantietheorie	n	de · mv. relevantietheorieën	relevance theory
Mataram	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Millingen	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rechteren	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rosengaarde	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ruitenveen	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Slennebroek	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Strenkhaar	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Vennenberg	m		a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Welsum	m		a village in Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands; a hamlet in Dalfsen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Lemele	m		a village in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Vilsteren	m		a village in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Archem	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Arriën	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Arriërveld	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Beerze	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Beerzerveld	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Besthmen	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Giethmen	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hoogengraven	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Junne	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Nieuwebrug	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ommerkanaal	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ommerschans	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rotbrink	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Stegeren	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Stegerveld	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Varsen	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Vinkenbuurt	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Witharen	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zeesse	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Laarakkers	m		a neighbourhood of Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Gramsbergen	m		a city and former municipality of Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Balkbrug	m		a village in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bergentheim	m		a village in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bruchterveld	m		a village in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Dedemsvaart	m		a village in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Heemse	m		a village in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kloosterhaar	m		a village in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Lutten	m		a village in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Oud-Lutten	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Mariënberg	m		a village in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Sibculo	m		a village in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Slagharen	m		a village in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Achterin	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Baalder	m		a neighbourhood of Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Baalderveld	m		a neighbourhood of Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Heemsermars	m		a neighbourhood of Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Marslanden	m		a neighbourhood of Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Anerveen	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Anevelde	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Benedenvaart	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Braamberg	m		a hamlet in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Brucht	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Collendoorn	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Collendoornerveen	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Diffelen	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ebbenbroek	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Groot-Oever	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Lutten-Oever	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hanekamp	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hardenbergerveld	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Heemserveen	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Holtheme	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Holthone	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hoogenweg	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Keiendorp	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kievitshaar	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kloosterdijk	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Loozen	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Lutterhartje	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Mulderij	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Noord-Stegeren	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Victoriameer	m		Victoria, Lake Victoria (a lake in Africa)
Oud-Avereest	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Oud-Bergentheim	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Radewijk	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rheeze	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rheezerveen	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Schuinesloot	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Sponturfwijk	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Venebrugge	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Westerhuizingerveld	m		a hamlet in Hardenberg, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ommerveld	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ommerbosch	m		a hamlet in Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Avereest	m		a former municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Twenterand	m		a municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Vriezenveen	m		a village and former municipality of Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
Geerdijk	m		a village in Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
Vroomshoop	m		a village in Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
Westerhaar-Vriezenveensewijk	m		a village in Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bruinehaar	m		a hamlet in Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hallerhoek	m		a hamlet in Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
Magele	m		a hamlet in Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
Noord-Meer	m		a hamlet in Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
Weitemanslanden	m		a hamlet in Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
Westerhoeven	m		a hamlet in Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
Nieuwoord	m		a neighbourhood of Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
Elzenhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
Broekmaten	m		a neighbourhood of Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
Weemelanden	m		a neighbourhood of Twenterand, Overijssel, Netherlands
homofoon	a		homophonic
homofoon	n	de · mv. homofonen	homophone
Wierden	m		a village and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Enterbroek	m		a hamlet in Wierden, Overijssel, Netherlands
Huurne	m		a hamlet in Wierden, Overijssel, Netherlands
Notter	m		a hamlet in Wierden, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rectum	m		a hamlet in Wierden, Overijssel, Netherlands
IJpelo	m		a hamlet in Wierden, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zuna	m		a hamlet in Wierden, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hellendoorn	m		a village and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Daarle	m		a village in Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands
Daarlerveen	m		a village in Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands
Haarle	m		a village in Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands; a hamlet in Tubbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Eelen	m		a hamlet in Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands
Egede	m		a hamlet in Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hankate	m		a hamlet in Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hexel	m		a hamlet in Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands
Marle	m		a hamlet in Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands; a hamlet in Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
Noetsele	m		a neighbourhood of Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands
Overwater	m		a hamlet in Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands
Piksen	m		a hamlet in Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rhaan	m		a hamlet in Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands
Schuilenburg	m		a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hellendoorn, Overijssel, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Broekland	m		a village in Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heeten	m		a village in Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Lierderholthuis	m		a village in Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Luttenberg	m		a village in Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Mariënheem	m		a village in Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Nieuw-Heeten	m		a village in Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Boetele	m		a hamlet in Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Schoonheten	m		a hamlet in Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Tijenraan	m		a neighbourhood of Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Vloedkampen	m		a neighbourhood of Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hartkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Langkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Westdorp	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Bergen, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Blekkerhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Drostenkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Olthof	m		a neighbourhood of Raalte, Overijssel, Netherlands
Olst-Wijhe	m		a municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Olst	m		a village and former municipality of Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wijhe	m		a village and former municipality of Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
Boerhaar	m		a village in Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
Boskamp	m		a village in Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wesepe	m		a village in Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
Duur	m		a hamlet in Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
Eikelhof	m		a hamlet in Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
Elshof	m		a hamlet in Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
Fortmond	m		a hamlet in Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hengforden	m		a hamlet in Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
Herxen	m		a hamlet in Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
Welsumerveld	m		a hamlet in Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
Krijtenberg	m		a neighbourhood of Olst-Wijhe, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bergkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Raambuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zandweerd	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Burgemeestersbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Borgele	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Platvoet	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Oranjekwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of IJsselstein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Landsherenkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rivierenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Knutteldorp	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bergweide	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Keizerslanden	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hoornwerk	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zwolsewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Graveland	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Spikvoorde	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Colmschaterenk	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Roessink	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Swormink	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Essenerveld	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Steinvoorde	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
tweeten	v	tweette – getweet	to tweet (post on Twitter)
Bathmen	m		a village and former municipality of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Colmschate	m		a village in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Diepenveen	m		a village and former municipality of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Lettele	m		a village in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Okkenbroek	m		a village in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Schalkhaar	m		a village in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Apenhuizen	m		a hamlet in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Dortherhoek	m		a hamlet in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Averlo	m		a hamlet in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Frieswijk	m		a hamlet in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Molenbelt	m		a hamlet in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Pieriksmars	m		a hamlet in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Snipperling	m		a hamlet in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Tjoene	m		a hamlet in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zuidloo	m		a hamlet in Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rijssen-Holten	m		a municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Rijssen	m		a city and former municipality of Rijssen-Holten, Overijssel, Netherlands
Beuseberg	m		a hamlet in Rijssen-Holten, Overijssel, Netherlands
Borkeld	m		a hamlet in Rijssen-Holten, Overijssel, Netherlands
Dijkerhoek	m		a hamlet in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands; a hamlet in Rijssen-Holten, Overijssel, Netherlands
Espelo	m		a hamlet in Rijssen-Holten, Overijssel, Netherlands
Helhuizen	m		a hamlet in Rijssen-Holten, Overijssel, Netherlands
Holterbroek	m		a hamlet in Rijssen-Holten, Overijssel, Netherlands
Neerdorp	m		a hamlet in Rijssen-Holten, Overijssel, Netherlands
Veenenslagen	m		a neighbourhood of Rijssen-Holten, Overijssel, Netherlands
Braakmanslanden	m		a neighbourhood of Rijssen-Holten, Overijssel, Netherlands
Diepenheim	m		a city and former municipality of Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Markelo	m		a village and former municipality of Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bentelo	m		a village in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hengevelde	m		a village in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Azelo	m		a hamlet in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Deldenerbroek	m		a hamlet in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Deldeneresch	m		a hamlet in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Elsenerbroek	m		a hamlet in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Herike	m		a hamlet in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
vernietigingsoorlog	n	de · mv. vernietigingsoorlogen	war of extermination
Markelosebroek	m		a hamlet in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Markvelde	m		a hamlet in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Pothoek	m		a hamlet in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wiene	m		a hamlet in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zeldam	m		a hamlet in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Gijmink	m		a neighbourhood of Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Schoppenstee	m		a neighbourhood of Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hooijerinkses	m		a neighbourhood of Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rupertserf	m		a neighbourhood of Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Vossenbrink	m		a neighbourhood of Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kevelhammerhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hertme	m		a village in Borne, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zenderen	m		a village in Borne, Overijssel, Netherlands
Stroomesch	m		a neighbourhood of Borne, Overijssel, Netherlands
Tichelkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Borne, Overijssel, Netherlands
Letterveld	m		a neighbourhood of Borne, Overijssel, Netherlands
Aadorp	m		a village in Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bornerbroek	m		a village in Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Tusveld	m		a hamlet in Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bavinkel	m		a hamlet in Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rumerslanden	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Markgraven	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rohof	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Aalderinkshoek	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kerkelanden	m		a neighbourhood of Hilversum, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ossenkoppelerhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Beeklust	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Boomplaats	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Witvoet	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wonde	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wierdensehoek	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Haghoek	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kluppelshuizen	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Marlegraven	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Schelfhorst	m		a hamlet in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Sluitersveld	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Windmolenbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Kanaalzijde	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Leemslagen	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Huttenveld	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Maardijk	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Nijrees	m		a neighbourhood of Almelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Tubbergen	m		a village and municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Albergen	m		a village in Tubbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Fleringen	m		a village in Tubbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Harbrinkhoek	m		a village in Tubbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Langeveen	m		a village in Tubbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Manderveen	m		a village in Tubbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Mariaparochie	m		a village in Tubbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Reutum	m		a village in Tubbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hezingen	m		a hamlet in Tubbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
West-Geesteren	m		a hamlet in Tubbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Klössehoek	m		a hamlet in Tubbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Denekamp	m		a village and former municipality of Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ootmarsum	m		a city and former municipality of Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Dinkelland	m		a municipality of Overijssel, Netherlands
Deurningen	m		a village in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Lattrop	m		a village in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Saasveld	m		a village in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Tilligte	m		a village in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Weerselo	m		a village and former municipality of Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Beekdorp	m		a hamlet in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Berghum	m		a hamlet in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Breklenkamp	m		a hamlet in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Dulder	m		a hamlet in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Gammelke	m		a hamlet in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Lemselo	m		a hamlet in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Nijstad	m		a hamlet in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Volthe	m		a hamlet in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zoeke	m		a hamlet in Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Glane	m		a village in Losser, Overijssel, Netherlands
Overdinkel	m		a village in Losser, Overijssel, Netherlands
Glane-Beekhoek	m		a hamlet in Losser, Overijssel, Netherlands
Mekkelhorst	m		a hamlet in Losser, Overijssel, Netherlands
Boekelo	m		a village in Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands; a hamlet in Haaksbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Glanerbrug	m		a village in Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Lonneker	m		a village and former municipality of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Usselo	m		a village in Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Broekheurne	m		a hamlet in Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Driene	m		a hamlet in Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Rutbeek	m		a hamlet in Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Twekkelo	m		a hamlet in Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Oele	m		a hamlet in Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Woolde	m		a hamlet in Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zuid-Berghuizen	m		a neighbourhood of Oldenzaal, Overijssel, Netherlands
Lasonder	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zeggelt	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands.'
Laares	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Getfert	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Veldkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Horstlanden	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Stadsweide	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Boddenkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Velve	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Lindenhof	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wooldrik	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Varvik	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Diekman	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Sleutelkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Cromhoffsbleek	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
bemensen	v	bemenste – bemenst	to supply with staff or crew
bemensing	n	de · mv. bemensingen	crew
Kotman	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Boswinkel	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Pathmos	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Stevenfenne	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Stadsveld	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Elferink	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Heuwkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bruggert	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ruwenbos	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Twekkelerveld	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Walhof	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Roessingh	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bolhaar	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Roombeek	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Roomveldje	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Mekkelholt	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Deppenbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Voortman	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Amelink	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Schreurserve	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ribbelt	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ribbelerbrink	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Stokhorst	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Stroinkslanden	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wesselerbrink	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Helmerhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Glanerveld	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Glanermaten	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bentveld	m		a village in Zandvoort, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bultserve	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Schipholt	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Eekmaat	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Oikos	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Dolphia	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Esmarke	m		a neighbourhood of Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands
Tichelwerk	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Elsbeek	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bovenhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Schothorsthoek	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bartelinkshoek	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Tijertshoek	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Sogtoenhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Bruninkshoek	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Middelhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Molendijkhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Weijinkshoek	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zwavertshoek	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Vikkerhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wilderinkshoek	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Weidedorp	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Slangenbeek	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Vossenbelt	m		a neighbourhood of Hengelo, Overijssel, Netherlands
Buurse	m		a village in Haaksbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Beusbergen	m		a hamlet in Hof van Twente, Overijssel, Netherlands
Brammelo	m		a hamlet in Haaksbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Eppenzolder	m		a hamlet in Haaksbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Harmöle	m		a hamlet in Haaksbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Langelo	m		a village in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Haaksbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Stepelo	m		a hamlet in Haaksbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Honesch	m		a hamlet in Haaksbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Zienesch	m		a neighbourhood of Haaksbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hassinkbrink	m		a neighbourhood of Haaksbergen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Pothoofd	m		a neighbourhood of Deventer, Overijssel, Netherlands
Greente	m		a neighbourhood of Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Hanzewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Middenwetering	m		a neighbourhood of Kampen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Torenlanden	m		a neighbourhood of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Clingenborgh	m		a neighbourhood of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Woldmeenthe	m		a neighbourhood of Steenwijkerland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Ommeres	m		a neighbourhood of Ommen, Overijssel, Netherlands
Janskamp	m		a neighbourhood of Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Wildehof	m		a neighbourhood of Dinkelland, Overijssel, Netherlands
Magistraatwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Veldzigt	m		a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Reijershove	m		a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Edelstenenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Essenvelt	m		a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Brakenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Hazenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Middelburg, Zeeland, Netherlands
Overzuid	m		a neighbourhood of Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Oostmolenpark	m		a neighbourhood of Goes, Zeeland, Netherlands
Bossenburgh	m		a neighbourhood of Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Weyevliet	m		a neighbourhood of Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Hofwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Vlissingen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zuidhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Schouwen-Duiveland, Zeeland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Lievenspolder	m		a neighbourhood of Terneuzen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Zoetevaart	m		a neighbourhood of Hulst, Zeeland, Netherlands
Columbuskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Homeruskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Europakwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of IJsselstein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Nobelhorst	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
Vogelhorst	m		a neighbourhood of Almere, Flevoland, Netherlands
hand-out	n	de · mv. hand-outs	handout (piece(s) of papers to be given out)
Havenkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
Tuinwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Nieuw-Borgvliet	m		a neighbourhood of Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
Jankenberg	m		a neighbourhood of Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heiakkers	m		a neighbourhood of Woensdrecht, North Brabant, Netherlands
Torenveld	m		a neighbourhood of Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bosselaar	m		a neighbourhood of Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Krooswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Lindonk	m		a neighbourhood of Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zwanengat	m		a neighbourhood of Moerdijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Pagnevaart	m		a neighbourhood of Halderberge, North Brabant, Netherlands
Keijenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ettingen	m		a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Scherpdeel	m		a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bovendonk	m		a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bakkersberg	m		a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Weihoek	m		a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Majoppeveld	m		a neighbourhood of Roosendaal, North Brabant, Netherlands
Markenland	m		a neighbourhood of Etten-Leur, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schoenmakershoek	m		a neighbourhood of Etten-Leur, North Brabant, Netherlands
Banakkers	m		a neighbourhood of Etten-Leur, North Brabant, Netherlands
Brabantpark	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Ruitersbos	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Haagpoort	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Tuinzigt	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Steenakker	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kievitsloop	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heksenwiel	m		a neighbourhood of Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands
Armhoef	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Hagelkruis	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Besterd	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Groeseind	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Zorgvliet	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Ruiven	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Heervelden	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dongewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Koolhoven	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Witbrant	m		a neighbourhood of Tilburg, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bloemenoord	m		a neighbourhood of Waalwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dommelbergen	m		a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Paterserf	m		a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Leijsenakkers	m		a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Vogelbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Kastelenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Natuurkundigenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Velsen, North Holland, Netherlands
Componistenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sterrenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Donkenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Larenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Beemdenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Schildersbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dammenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands
Staatsliedenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oosterhout, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
veenbes	n	de · mv. veenbessen	cranberry, Vaccinium oxycoccos
Vughterpoort	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bazeldonk	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Grevelingen	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Graafsebuurt	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Orthenpoort	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maasakker	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maasdal	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maasstroom	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maasvallei	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Maasoever	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Boschveld	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Abdijenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Sparrenburg	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Binckhorst	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Paleiskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Netherlands
Beekvliet	m		a neighbourhood of Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, Netherlands
Akkers	m		a neighbourhood of Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bloemvelden	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Annabuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Leonardusbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oranjebuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Helmond, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Gildewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Oirschot, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Pannenschuur	m		a neighbourhood of Oisterwijk, North Brabant, Netherlands
Brouwershof	m		a neighbourhood of Valkenswaard, North Brabant, Netherlands
Nobis	m		a neighbourhood of Asten, North Brabant, Netherlands
Goorkens	m		a neighbourhood of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Bogerd	m		a neighbourhood of Maashorst, North Brabant, Netherlands
Roofvogelbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Verzetsheldenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Velsen, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Zwijndrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Hertogenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Oorlogsheldenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands
Dichtersbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Oss, North Brabant, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Veenendaal, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Zwijndrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Bomenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Zeeheldenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Einde	m		a neighbourhood of Heerlen, Limburg, Netherlands
Kemperkoul	m		a neighbourhood of Sittard-Geleen, Limburg, Netherlands
Mariaveld	m		a neighbourhood of Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Middelveld	m		a neighbourhood of Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Munsterveld	m		a neighbourhood of Echt-Susteren, Limburg, Netherlands
Sterrenberg	m		a neighbourhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands
Vliegeniersbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Roermond, Limburg, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Sprokkelveld	m		a neighbourhood of Gennep, Limburg, Netherlands
Kloosterkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Rosariumbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Venlo, Limburg, Netherlands
Berkelsbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Kapellerhoef	m		a neighbourhood of Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Weisterbeek	m		a neighbourhood of Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Middelreuvelt	m		a neighbourhood of Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
Tuinhaversveld	m		a neighbourhood of Horst aan de Maas, Limburg, Netherlands
verenen	v	vereende – vereend	to unite, to become one
Noorderenk	m		a neighbourhood of Brummen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Werfakker	m		a neighbourhood of Brummen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Elderhof	m		a neighbourhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Molenbeke	m		a neighbourhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Plattenburg	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Angerenstein	m		a neighbourhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Paasberg	m		a neighbourhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Transvaalbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Kamillehof	m		a neighbourhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bakenhof	m		a neighbourhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Immerloo	m		a neighbourhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Elsweide	m		a neighbourhood of Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hazelder	m		a neighbourhood of Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zuilenes	m		a neighbourhood of Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Branderbosch	m		a neighbourhood of Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bargerbosch	m		a neighbourhood of Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oostervoort	m		a neighbourhood of Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Scholtenenk	m		a neighbourhood of Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hakkelerkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Pelkwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Helderkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Winterswijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Muziekbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Vulcaansoord	m		a neighbourhood of Doetinchem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Oosteres	m		a neighbourhood of Oost Gelre, Gelderland, Netherlands
Papendijk	m		a neighbourhood of Oost Gelre, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zuiderenk	m		a neighbourhood of Lochem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zuidwijken	m		a neighbourhood of Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Helbergen	m		a neighbourhood of Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Pagemate	m		a neighbourhood of Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Moesmate	m		a neighbourhood of Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Tichelkuilen	m		a neighbourhood of Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bagijnenland	m		a neighbourhood of Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Scheperkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Overkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Zutphen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kayersmolen	m		a neighbourhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Rivierenkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vogelkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Staatsliedenkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Hilversum, North Holland, Netherlands
Componistenkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Dennenheuvel	m		a neighbourhood of Apeldoorn, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zandkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Hattem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hogenkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Hattem, Gelderland, Netherlands
Broekdijk	m		a neighbourhood of Oldebroek, Gelderland, Netherlands
Bovenstreek	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Oosthoek	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Elburg, Gelderland, Netherlands
Molendorp	m		a neighbourhood of Elburg, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lepelingen	m		a neighbourhood of Nunspeet, Gelderland, Netherlands
Husselerveld	m		a neighbourhood of Putten, Gelderland, Netherlands
Beulekamp	m		a neighbourhood of Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Schulpkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hazeveld	m		a neighbourhood of Nijkerk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Norschoten	m		a neighbourhood of Barneveld, Gelderland, Netherlands
Walstein	m		a neighbourhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Muziekland	m		a neighbourhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Stromenwaard	m		a neighbourhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Stedenwaard	m		a neighbourhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Scheepswaard	m		a neighbourhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vogelwaard	m		a neighbourhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Weidewaard	m		a neighbourhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Zeebuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Harderhout	m		a neighbourhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Slingerbos	m		a neighbourhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Drielanden	m		a neighbourhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Wittenhagen	m		a neighbourhood of Harderwijk, Gelderland, Netherlands
Klaphek	m		a hamlet in IJsselstein, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Elskamp	m		a neighbourhood of Ede, Gelderland, Netherlands
Latenstein	m		a neighbourhood of Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Rauwenhof	m		a neighbourhood of Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Hertogenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Sterrebos	m		a neighbourhood of Tiel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Roghorst	m		a neighbourhood of Wageningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Haverlanden	m		a neighbourhood of Wageningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Veluvia	m		a neighbourhood of Wageningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Kortenoord	m		a hamlet in Zuidplas, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Wageningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Lynden	m		a neighbourhood of Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Brienenshof	m		a neighbourhood of Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Eshof	m		a neighbourhood of Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Melkweide	m		a neighbourhood of Overbetuwe, Gelderland, Netherlands
Molenzicht	m		a neighbourhood of Culemborg, Gelderland, Netherlands
Terweijde	m		a neighbourhood of Culemborg, Gelderland, Netherlands
Spellewaard	m		a neighbourhood of Zaltbommel, Gelderland, Netherlands
Duivenkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Beuningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Aalstervelden	m		a neighbourhood of Beuningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Viermorgen	m		a neighbourhood of Beuningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Heuve	m		a neighbourhood of Beuningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Vording	m		a neighbourhood of Beuningen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Achterlo	m		a neighbourhood of Wijchen, Gelderland, Netherlands
Nijeveen	m		a village and former municipality of Meppel, Drenthe, Netherlands
Kolderveen	m		a village in Meppel, Drenthe, Netherlands
Rogat	m		a village in Meppel, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nijentap	m		a hamlet in Meppel, Drenthe, Netherlands
Oosterboer	m		a neighbourhood of Meppel, Drenthe, Netherlands
Berggierslanden	m		a neighbourhood of Meppel, Drenthe, Netherlands
Ezinge	m		a village and former municipality of Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Meppel, Drenthe, Netherlands
Haveltermade	m		a neighbourhood of Meppel, Drenthe, Netherlands
Koedijkslanden	m		a neighbourhood of Meppel, Drenthe, Netherlands
Watertorenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Meppel, Drenthe, Netherlands
Dieverbrug	m		a village in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Doldersum	m		a village in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Geeuwenbrug	m		a village in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Havelte	m		a village and former municipality of Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nijensleek	m		a village in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Uffelte	m		a village in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Wapse	m		a village in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Wapserveen	m		a village in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Wittelte	m		a village in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zorgvlied	m		a village in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Boschoord	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Boterveen	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Busselte	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Eemster	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Eursinge	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Havelterberg	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Holtien	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Holtinge	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Holtland	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Kalteren	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Leggeloo	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Lhee	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Lheebroek	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Molenstad	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Oldendiever	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Soerte	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Veendijk	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Wateren	m		a hamlet in Westerveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Ansen	m		a village in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Drogteropslagen	m		a village in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Echten	m		a village in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands; a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Koekange	m		a village in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Koekangerveld	m		a village in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Ruinerwold	m		a village and former municipality of De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Veeningen	m		a village in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zuidwolde	m		a village and former municipality of De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands; a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Anholt	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Armweide	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Bazuin	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Kerkenveld	m		a village in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Benderse	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Blijdenstein	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Bloemberg	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Buitenhuizen	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Drogt	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Eemten	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Gijsselte	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Haakswold	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Haalweide	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Kraloo	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Lubbinge	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Lunssloten	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Middelveen	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nolde	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Noordwijk	m		a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands; a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Oldenhave	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Oshaar	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Paardelanden	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Pieperij	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Rheebruggen	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Ruinerweide	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Schottershuizen	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Schrapveen	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Struikberg	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Weerwille	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Wemmenhove	m		a hamlet in De Wolden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Hollandscheveld	m		a village in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Noordscheschut	m		a village in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Pesse	m		a village in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nieuweroord	m		a village in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Tiendeveen	m		a village in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Stuifzand	m		a village in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Fluitenberg	m		a village in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Dalerend	m		a hamlet in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nuil	m		a hamlet in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zwartschaap	m		a hamlet in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Stadterij	m		a hamlet in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Krakeel	m		a neighbourhood of Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Kinholt	m		a neighbourhood of Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Schoonvelde	m		a neighbourhood of Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Kattouw	m		a neighbourhood of Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Wolfsbos	m		a neighbourhood of Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Venesluis	m		a neighbourhood of Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Steenbergerweiden	m		a neighbourhood of Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Grittenhof	m		a neighbourhood of Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Schutlanden	m		a neighbourhood of Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Trasselt	m		a neighbourhood of Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Erflanden	m		a neighbourhood of Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Balinge	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Bovensmilde	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Drijber	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Elp	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Garminge	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Hijken	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Hoogersmilde	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Hooghalen	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Laaghalen	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Mantinge	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nieuw-Balinge	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Orvelte	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Wijster	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zwiggelte	m		a village in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Beilervaart	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Brunsting	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Bruntinge	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Eursing	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Hijkersmilde	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Holthe	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Laaghalerveen	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Lieving	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Makkum	m		a village and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Rheeveld	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Smalbroek	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zuidveld	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Klatering	m		a hamlet in Midden-Drenthe, Drenthe, Netherlands
Aalden	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Benneveld	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Dalerpeel	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Dalerveen	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Erm	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Gees	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Geesbrug	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Holsloot	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Meppen	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Sleen	m		a village and former municipality of Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Noord-Sleen	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Oosterhesselen	m		a village and former municipality of Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Schoonoord	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Steenwijksmoer	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Stieltjeskanaal	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Wachtum	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Wezup	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Wezuperbrug	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zweeloo	m		a village and former municipality of Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zwinderen	m		a village in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Diphoorn	m		a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Eldijk	m		a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Grevenberg	m		a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Hoogehaar	m		a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Kibbelveen	m		a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Padhuis	m		a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Pikveld	m		a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Valsteeg	m		a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Veenhuizen	m		a village and former municipality of Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands; a village in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Vossebelt	m		a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Weijerswold	m		a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Vlieghuis	m		a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Schimmelarij	m		a hamlet in Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Lootuinen	m		a neighbourhood of Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Poppenhare	m		a neighbourhood of Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Binnenvree	m		a neighbourhood of Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Buitenvree	m		a neighbourhood of Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Holwert	m		a neighbourhood of Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Leeuwerikenveld	m		a neighbourhood of Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Klinkenvlier	m		a neighbourhood of Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Ossehaar	m		a neighbourhood of Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Vosmaten	m		a neighbourhood of Coevorden, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nieuw-Dordrecht	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Roswinkel	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Schoonebeek	m		a village and former municipality of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Veenoord	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Weiteveen	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Vichy-Frankrijk	m		Vichy France
Weerdinge	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zwartemeer	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Munsterscheveld	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Oranjedorp	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zandpol	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Klazienaveen-Noord	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nieuw-Schoonebeek	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nieuw-Weerdinge	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Noordbarge	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zuidbarge	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Westenesch	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Emmer-Compascuum	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Emmer-Erfscheidenveen	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Barger-Compascuum	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Barger-Oosterveld	m		a village in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Barger-Erfscheidenveen	m		a hamlet in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Barger-Oosterveen	m		a hamlet in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Amsterdamscheveld	m		a hamlet in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Ermerveen	m		a hamlet in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Foxel	m		a hamlet in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Koelveen	m		a hamlet in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Middendorp	m		a hamlet in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Schutwijk	m		a hamlet in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Wilhelmsoord	m		a hamlet in Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Emmerschans	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Emmermeer	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Emmerhout	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Angelslo	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Kamerlingswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Kloostermanswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Herenstreek	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Vastenow	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Delftlanden	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Bargeres	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Rietlanden	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Tramwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Siepelveen	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Scholtenskanaal	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Achterdiep	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Oosterdiep	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Bargermeer	m		a neighbourhood of Emmen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Odoorn	m		a village and former municipality of Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Bronneger	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Bronnegerveen	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Buinen	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Buinerveen	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nieuw-Buinen	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Drouwen	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Drouwenermond	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Drouwenerveen	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Ees	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Eesergroen	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Eeserveen	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Odoornerveen	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Klijndijk	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Valthe	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Valthermond	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Exloo	m		a village in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Exloërkijl	m		a hamlet in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Exloërveen	m		a hamlet in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Valtherblokken	m		a hamlet in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Valthermussel	m		a hamlet in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Boermastreek	m		a hamlet in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Dikbroeken	m		a hamlet in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Ellertshaar	m		a hamlet in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Kavelingen	m		a hamlet in Borger-Odoorn, Drenthe, Netherlands
Anderen	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Anloo	m		a village and former municipality of Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Balloo	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Bareveld	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Deurze	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Eext	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Eexterveen	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Eexterveenschekanaal	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Eexterzandvoort	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Ekehaar	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Eldersloo	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Gasselte	m		a village and former municipality of Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Gasselternijveen	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Gasselternijveenschemond	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Gasteren	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Gieten	m		a village and former municipality of Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Gieterveen	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Grolloo	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Oud-Annerveen	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nieuw-Annerveen	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nieuwediep	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Rolde	m		a village and former municipality of Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nijlande	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Schipborg	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Schoonloo	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Spijkerboor	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Wormerland, North Holland, Netherlands
Balloërveld	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Bonnen	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Bonnerveen	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Bosje	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands; Jules Wijdenbosch
Eleveld	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Gasselterboerveen	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Gasselterboerveenschemond	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Geelbroek	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Gieterzandvoort	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Kostvlies	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Marwijksoord	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nooitgedacht	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands; a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Schreierswijk	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Streek	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Torenveen	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Veenhof	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Vredenheim	m		a hamlet in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
Eelde	m		a village and former municipality of Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Vries	m		a village and former municipality of Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zuidlaren	m		a village and former municipality of Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Bunne	m		a village in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Donderen	m		a village in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Eelderwolde	m		a village in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Midlaren	m		a village in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Paterswolde	m		a village in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Taarlo	m		a village in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
conjo	n		a despicable person, a bastard
Yde	m		a village in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zeegse	m		a village in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zeijen	m		a village in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zuidlaarderveen	m		a village in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Westlaren	m		a neighbourhood of Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Spierveen	m		a neighbourhood of Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Schuilingsoord	m		a neighbourhood of Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zuid-Es	m		a neighbourhood of Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands
Oosterbroek	m		a hamlet in Tynaarlo, Drenthe, Netherlands; a former municipality of Groningen, Netherlands
Peize	m		a village and former municipality of Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Norg	m		a village and former municipality of Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Een	m		a village in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Lieveren	m		a village in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nietap	m		a village in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Nieuw-Roden	m		a village in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Peest	m		a village in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Peizermade	m		a village in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Roderesch	m		a village in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Roderwolde	m		a village in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Westervelde	m		a village in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zuidvelde	m		a village in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Boerlaan	m		a hamlet in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Een-West	m		a hamlet in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Foxwolde	m		a hamlet in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Klunderveen	m		a hamlet in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Leutingewolde	m		a hamlet in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Matsloot	m		a hamlet in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Peizerwold	m		a hamlet in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Sandebuur	m		a hamlet in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Terheijl	m		a hamlet in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Roderveld	m		a neighbourhood of Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Norgervaart	m		a hamlet in Noordenveld, Drenthe, Netherlands
Anreep	m		a hamlet in Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Graswijk	m		a hamlet in Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Schieven	m		a hamlet in Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Ubbena	m		a hamlet in Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zeijerveen	m		a hamlet in Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zeijerveld	m		a hamlet in Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Zuideropgaande	m		a hamlet in Hoogeveen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Peelo	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Pittelo	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Noorderpark	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Marsdijk	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Vredeveld	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Amelterhout	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Baggelhuizen	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Kloosterveen	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Veningerland	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Luchiesland	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Oostermoer	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Dichtershof	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
Sluisdennen	m		a neighbourhood of Assen, Drenthe, Netherlands
rekeningrijden	n	het	road pricing (type of road tax based on some measure of road use)
congestieheffing	n	de · mv. congestieheffingen	congestion charge (type of road user charge linked to participation in…
kilometerheffing	n	de · mv. kilometerheffingen	road tax that incorporates some measure of travelled distance into pricing
oorwurm	n	de · mv. oorwurmen	earwig (insect of the order Dermaptera); earworm (song that gets stuck in your head)
Noord-Macedonië	m		North Macedonia (a country on the Balkan Peninsula in Southeastern Europe)
boosterpack	n	de · mv. boosterpacks	a booster pack (expansion deck of a trading-card game)
boosterprik	n	de · mv. boosterprikken	a booster jab, (US) a booster shot (booster dose of a vaccine or the act of…
boostercampagne	n	de · mv. boostercampagnes	a booster campaign (vaccination campaign with booster vaccines)
Dorkwerd	m		a village in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Garmerwolde	m		a village in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Harkstede	m		a village and former municipality of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Hoogkerk	m		a village and former municipality of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Leegkerk	m		a village in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Lellens	m		a village in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Middelbert	m		a village in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Noorddijk	m		a village and former municipality of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Noordlaren	m		a village in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Onnen	m		a village in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Noorderhoogebrug	m		a village in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Thesinge	m		a village in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Winneweer	m		a village in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Wittewierum	m		a village in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Woltersum	m		a village in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Achter-Thesinge	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Boltklap	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Bouwerschap	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Bovenrijge	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Dilgt	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Emmerwolde	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Euvelgunne	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Felland	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Harenermolen	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Hemert	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Hoornsedijk	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Kröddeburen	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Lageweg	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Lutjewolde	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Oosterdijkshorn	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Oosterhoogebrug	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Roodehaan	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Slaperstil	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Steerwolde	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Vierverlaten	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Zevenhuisjes	m		a hamlet in Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Hortusbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Gorechtbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Florabuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Oosterparkbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Oosterpoortbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Damsterbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Rivierenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Grunobuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Oosterhaar	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Maarwold	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Helpman	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Coendersborg	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Gravenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Vinkhuizen	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Lewenborg	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Ruischerbrug	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Ulgersmaborg	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Beijum	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Selwerd	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Korrewegwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Kostverloren	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amstelveen, North Holland, Netherlands
Paddepoel	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Eemsdelta	m		a municipality of Groningen, Netherlands
Foxhol	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Froombosch	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Hellum	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Hoogezand	m		a town and former municipality of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Sappemeer	m		a village and former municipality of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Kolham	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Kropswolde	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Lageland	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Meeden	m		a village and former municipality of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Muntendam	m		a village and former municipality of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Noordbroek	m		a village and former municipality of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Zuidbroek	m		a village and former municipality of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet and former municipality of Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands
Overschild	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Scharmer	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Schildwolde	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Siddeburen	m		a village and former municipality of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Slochteren	m		a village and former municipality of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Steendam	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Tjuchem	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Westerbroek	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Woudbloem	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Kiel-Windeweer	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Windeweer	m		a former village and former municipality of Midden-Groningen, Groningen,…
Blokum	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Bokhörn	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Borgweg	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Duurkenakker	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Eelshuis	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Foxham	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Foxholsterbosch	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Gaarland	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Heidenschap	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Jagerswijk	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Kalkwijk	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Kleinemeer	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Kibbelgaarn	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Korengarst	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Langewijk	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Leentjer	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Luddeweer	m		a village in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Noordbroeksterhamrik	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Roeksweer	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Ruiten	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Schaaphok	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Stootshorn	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Tusschenloegen	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Tussenklappen	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Uiterburen	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Waterhuizen	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Westeind	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Wilderhof	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Wolfsbarge	m		a hamlet in Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Martenshoek	m		a neighbourhood of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Woldwijck	m		a neighbourhood of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Meerwijck	m		a neighbourhood of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Ruitershorn	m		a neighbourhood of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Gorecht	m		a neighbourhood of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Vosholen	m		a neighbourhood of Midden-Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
Menterwolde	m		a former municipality of Groningen, Netherlands
Borgercompagnie	m		a village in Veendam, Groningen, Netherlands
Ommelanderwijk	m		a village in Veendam, Groningen, Netherlands
Tripscompagnie	m		a village in Veendam, Groningen, Netherlands
Wildervank	m		a village and former municipality of Veendam, Groningen, Netherlands
Wildervanksterdallen	m		a hamlet in Veendam, Groningen, Netherlands
Westerdiepsterdallen	m		a hamlet in Veendam, Groningen, Netherlands
Zuidwending	m		a hamlet in Veendam, Groningen, Netherlands
Sorghvliet	m		a neighbourhood of Veendam, Groningen, Netherlands
Gildenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Veendam, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Velsen, North Holland, Netherlands
Bronsveen	m		a hamlet in Pekela, Groningen, Netherlands
Dwarsdiep	m		a hamlet in Pekela, Groningen, Netherlands
Hoetmansmeer	m		a hamlet in Pekela, Groningen, Netherlands
Kruiselwerk	m		a hamlet in Pekela, Groningen, Netherlands
Wildeplaats	m		a hamlet in Pekela, Groningen, Netherlands
Noorderkolonie	m		a neighbourhood of Pekela, Groningen, Netherlands
Zuiderkolonie	m		a neighbourhood of Pekela, Groningen, Netherlands
Doorsnee	m		a neighbourhood of Pekela, Groningen, Netherlands
Kopstukken	m		a village in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Mussel	m		a village in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Musselkanaal	m		a village in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Onstwedde	m		a village and former municipality of Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Smeerling	m		a village in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Blekslage	m		a hamlet in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Höchte	m		a hamlet in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Sterenborg	m		a hamlet in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Vledderhuizen	m		a hamlet in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Vosseberg	m		a hamlet in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Höfte	m		a hamlet in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Oomsberg	m		a hamlet in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Wessinghuizen	m		a hamlet in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Ceresdorp	m		a neighbourhood of Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Maarswold	m		a neighbourhood of Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Maarsveld	m		a neighbourhood of Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Maarsstee	m		a neighbourhood of Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands
Vogelwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Stadskanaal, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Zeist, Utrecht, Netherlands
Klein-Ulsda	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Overdiep	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Zandstroom	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Leemdobben	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Pallert	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Poldert	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Veele	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
maansteen	n	de · mv. maanstenen	moonstone
tanzaniet	n	het	tanzanite
Plaggenborg	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Oudeschans	m		a village in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Veelerveen	m		a village in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Wedde	m		a village and former municipality of Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Barnflair	m		a village in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Bellingwolde	m		a village and former municipality of Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Blijham	m		a village in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Bourtange	m		a village and former municipality of Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Jipsingboertange	m		a village in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Rhederbrug	m		a village in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Sellingen	m		a village in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Vlagtwedde	m		a village and former municipality of Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Vriescheloo	m		a village in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Wedderheide	m		a village in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Abeltjeshuis	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Borgertange	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Borgerveld	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Ellersinghuizen	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Hanetange	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Hebrecht	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Hoornderveen	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Jipsingboermussel	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Jipsinghuizen	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Kielhuppen	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Klontjebuurt	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Koudehoek	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Lammerweg	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Lauderbeetse	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Laudermarke	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Lauderzwarteveen	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Lutjeloo	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Morige	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Munnekemoer	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Renneborg	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Rhederveld	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Rijsdam	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Sellingerbeetse	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Sellingerzwarteveen	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Slegge	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Stakenborg	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Stobben	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Tjabbesoord	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Vlagtwedder-Veldhuis	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Vlagtwedder-Barlage	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Voorwold	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Wedderveer	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Weende	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Weenderveld	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Winschoterhoogebrug	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Wessingtange	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Wollinghuizen	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Wollingboermarke	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Agodorp	m		a neighbourhood of Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Roelage	m		a hamlet in Westerwolde, Groningen, Netherlands
Bellingwedde	m		a former municipality of Groningen, Netherlands
Reiderland	m		a former municipality of Groningen, Netherlands
Beerta	m		a village and former municipality of Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Blauwestad	m		a village in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Drieborg	m		a village in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Finsterwolde	m		a village and former municipality of Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Heiligerlee	m		a village in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Westerlee	m		a village and former municipality of Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Midwolda	m		a village and former municipality of Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Scheemda	m		a village and former municipality of Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Nieuwolda	m		a village and former municipality of Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Oostwold	m		a village in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands; a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Beersterhoogen	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Finsterwolderhamrik	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Oostwolderhamrik	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Oostwolderpolder	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Scheemdermeer	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Scheemderzwaag	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Winschoterzijl	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Bikkershorn	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Booneschans	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Ekamp	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Ganzedijk	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Goldhoorn	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Hamdijk	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Kromme-Elleboog	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Kroonpolder	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Meerland	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Modderland	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Niesoord	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Oostereinde	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Oudedijk	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Oudezijl	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Stadspolder	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Tranendal	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Ulsda	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Zuiderveen	m		a hamlet in Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Sint-Vitusholt	m		a neighbourhood of Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Eexta	m		a neighbourhood of Oldambt, Groningen, Netherlands
Bierum	m		a village and former municipality of Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Borgsweer	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Farmsum	m		a village and former municipality of Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Godlinze	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Holwierde	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Krewerd	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Losdorp	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Meedhuizen	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Termunten	m		a village and former municipality of Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Termunterzijl	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Uitwierde	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Wagenborgen	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Woldendorp	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Jukwerd	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Marsum	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Tjamsweer	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Eenum	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Garrelsweer	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Garsthuizen	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Huizinge	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Leermens	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Middelstum	m		a village and former municipality of Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Oosterwijtwerd	m		a village and former municipality of Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Westerwijtwerd	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Stedum	m		a village and former municipality of Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Toornwerd	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Westeremden	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Wirdum	m		a village and former municipality of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands; a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Zeerijp	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Zijldijk	m		a village in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
skalian	n	de · mv. skalians	a gold dredge, usually with a superstructure containing accommodation for…
Zomerdijk	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Vierhuizen	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Tweehuizen	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Uiteinde	m		a hamlet in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Schaapbulten	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Opmeeden	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Oldenklooster	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Nijenklooster	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Nansum	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Lesterhuis	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Langerijp	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Lalleweer	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Kopaf	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Ideweer	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Hoogwatum	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Geefsweer	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Fiemel	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Dekkershuizen	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Dallingeweer	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Biessum	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Baamsum	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Arwerd	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Amsweer	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Garreweer	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Laskwerd	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Boerdam	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Krangeweer	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Dijkum	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Eekwerd	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Eekwerderdraai	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Enzelens	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Fraamklap	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Hoeksmeer	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Honderd	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Kolhol	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Lutjerijp	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Lutjewijtwerd	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Rodeschool	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Vierburen	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Wirdumerdraai	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Garsthuizervoorwerk	m		a hamlet in Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Tuikwerd	m		a neighbourhood of Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Fivelzigt	m		a neighbourhood of Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Solwerd	m		a neighbourhood of Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
Opwierde	m		a neighbourhood of Eemsdelta, Groningen, Netherlands
lijnrechter	n	de · mv. lijnrechters	assistant referee, linesman or lineswoman
telegeleid	a		remote-controlled
Eemsmond	m		a former municipality of Groningen, Netherlands
Adorp	m		a village and former municipality of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Baflo	m		a village and former municipality of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Bedum	m		a village and former municipality of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Breede	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Eenrum	m		a village and former municipality of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Eppenhuizen	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Houwerzijl	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Hornhuizen	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Kantens	m		a village and former municipality of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Kloosterburen	m		a village and former municipality of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Kruisweg	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Lansingerland, South Holland, Netherlands
Lauwersoog	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Mensingeweer	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Molenrij	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Niekerk	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands; a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Noordwolde	m		a village and former municipality of Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands; a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Oldenzijl	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Onderdendam	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Oosternieland	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Westernieland	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Oudeschip	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Pieterburen	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Rasquert	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Roodeschool	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Rottum	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands; a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Saaxumhuizen	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Sauwerd	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Schouwerzijl	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Stitswerd	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Tinallinge	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Uithuizen	m		a village and former municipality of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Uithuizermeeden	m		a village and former municipality of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Ulrum	m		a village and former municipality of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Usquert	m		a village and former municipality of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Warffum	m		a village and former municipality of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Winsum	m		a village and former municipality of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands; a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Zandeweer	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Zoutkamp	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Zuurdijk	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Warfhuizen	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Wetsinge	m		a village in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Hefshuizen	m		a former municipality of Groningen, Netherlands
Abbeweer	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Alinghuizen	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Barnegaten	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Bellingeweer	m		a neighbourhood of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Beusum	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Bokum	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Deikum	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Doodstil	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Douwen	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Ellerhuizen	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Ernstheem	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Eelswerd	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Elens	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Grijssloot	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Hammeland	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Harssens	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Hefswal	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Hekkum	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Helwerd	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Heuvelderij	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Hiddingezijl	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Holwinde	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Kaakhorn	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Katershorn	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Kattenburg	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Koningsoord	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Maarhuizen	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Menkeweer	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Menneweer	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Midhalm	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Noordpolder	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Noordpolderzijl	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Onderwierum	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Paapstil	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Panser	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Rodewolt	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Schapehals	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Schaphalsterzijl	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Schilligeham	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Takkebos	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Tijum	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Valcum	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Valom	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Vliedorp	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Wadwerd	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Westerhorn	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands; a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Westerdijkshorn	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Westerklooster	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Wierhuizen	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Wierum	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Wierumerschouw	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Wildeveld	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Willemsstreek	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Startenhuizen	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Westervalge	m		a neighbourhood of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Oostervalge	m		a neighbourhood of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Ripperda	m		a neighbourhood of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Oosterheerd	m		a neighbourhood of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Obergum	m		a neighbourhood of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Uilenest	m		a neighbourhood of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Robbenoort	m		a neighbourhood of Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
Aduard	m		a village and former municipality of Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Boerakker	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Briltil	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Doezum	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Enumatil	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Garnwerd	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Grijpskerk	m		a village and former municipality of Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Grootegast	m		a village and former municipality of Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Lutjegast	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Jonkersvaart	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Kommerzijl	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Kornhorn	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Lauwerzijl	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Lettelbert	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Lucaswolde	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Marum	m		a village and former municipality of Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Midwolde	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Niebert	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Niehove	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Oldekerk	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Oldehove	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Niezijl	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Noordhorn	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Zuidhorn	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands; a village and former municipality of Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Nuis	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Opende	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Pieterzijl	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Saaksum	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Sebaldeburen	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Visvliet	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Aalsum	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Aduarderzijl	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Allersma	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Antum	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Bakkerom	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Balmahuizen	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Barnwerd	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Beswerd	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Blauw	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Boerenstreek	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Soest, Utrecht, Netherlands
Bokkebuurt	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Bolshuizen	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Breemen	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Brillerij	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Buikstede	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Diepswal	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Dorp	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Zoetermeer, South Holland, Netherlands
Dwarshaspel	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Eekeburen	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Eibersburen	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
zwemtrap	n	de · mv. zwemtrappen	swim ladder, swimming ladder
Gerrits	m		a surname originating as a patronymic
Fransum	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Frytum	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Gaaikemadijk	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Gaaikemaweer	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Gaarkeuken	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Hamrik	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Hardeweer	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Heereburen	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Heineburen	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Hilmahuis	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Hoekje	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Hoogemeeden	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Lagemeeden	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Ikum	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Kenwerd	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Keuningswijk	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Kokswijk	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Korhorn	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Krassum	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Kroonsfeld	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Kuzemer	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Kuzemerbalk	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Lammerburen	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Nieuwbrug	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Nieuwklap	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Noorderburen	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Zuiderburen	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Noordhornerga	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Noordhornertolhek	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Okswerd	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Oosterzand	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Westerzand	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Oostindië	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Oostum	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Pasop	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Peebos	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Ruigezand	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Schifpot	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Steentil	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Spanjaardsdijk	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Suttum	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Tolhek	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Pijnacker-Nootdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Topweer	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Trimunt	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Veldstreek	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Zethuis	m		a hamlet in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Pierkesveld	m		a neighbourhood of Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Rodenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Sintmaheerdt	m		a neighbourhood of Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Oostergast	m		a neighbourhood of Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Nienoordsrand	m		a neighbourhood of Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
vibratie	n	de · mv. vibraties	vibration
goedwillig	a		benevolent
silicaat	n	het · mv. silicaten	silicate
sorosilicaat	n	het · mv. sorosilicaten	sorosilicate
nesosilicaat	n	het · mv. nesosilicaten	orthosilicate; nesosilicate
kyaniet	n	het · mv. kyanieten	kyanite
inosilicaat	n	het · mv. inosilicaten	inosilicate
malachiet	n	het	malachite
statafel	n	de · mv. statafels	standing table
negerslaaf	n	de · mv. negerslaven	black slave
cyclosilicaat	n	het · mv. cyclosilicaten	cyclosilicate
tectosilicaat	n	het · mv. tectosilicaten	tectosilicate
fyllosilicaat	n	het · mv. fyllosilicaten	phyllosilicate
tribunaat	n	het · mv. tribunaten	tribunate
salariaat	n	het · mv. salariaten	salariat
bakbrommer	n	de · mv. bakbrommers	cargo moped
Maashorst	m		a municipality of North Brabant, Netherlands
plasticsoep	n	de	plastic soup
Frygië	m		Phrygia (a geographic region and ancient kingdom in the west central part of…
Frygiër	n	de · mv. Frygiërs	Phrygian (person from Phrygia)
Schoterland	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Aengwirden	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Baarderadeel	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Barradeel	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Boornsterhem	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Doniawerstal	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Gaasterland	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Gaasterland-Sloten	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Haskerland	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Hennaarderadeel	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Idaarderadeel	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Lemsterland	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Nijefurd	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Oostdongeradeel	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Westdongeradeel	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Rauwerderhem	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Skarsterlân	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Tjum	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Utingeradeel	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Wonseradeel	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Wymbritseradeel	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Waadhoeke	m		a municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Noordoost-Friesland	m		Noardeast-Fryslân (a municipality of Friesland, Netherlands)
lijmklem	n	de · mv. lijmklemmen	gluing clamp
Augustinusga	m		a village and former municipality of Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Boelenslaan	m		a village in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Drogeham	m		a village in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Gerkesklooster	m		a village in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Harkema	m		a village in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Kootstertille	m		a village in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Stroobos	m		a village in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Surhuisterveen	m		a village in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Surhuizum	m		a village and former municipality of Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Twijzel	m		a village in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Twijzelerheide	m		a village in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Barghiem	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Blauwhuis	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Blauwverlaat	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Buwetille	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Buweklooster	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Hamsterpein	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Hamshorn	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Hiltjemoeiswouden	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Jachtveld	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Kortwoude	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Lutkepost	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Monniketille	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Ophuis	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Opperkooten	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Rohel	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Roodeschuur	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Uitland	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Westerend	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Wildpad	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Wildveld	m		a hamlet in Achtkarspelen, Friesland, Netherlands
Noardeast-Fryslân	m		a municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Augsbuurt	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Birdaard	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Blija	m		a village and former municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Bornwird	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Brantgum	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Engwierum	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Ferwerd	m		a village and former municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Foudgum	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Feerwerd	m		a village in Westerkwartier, Groningen, Netherlands
Genum	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hantum	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hantumeruitburen	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hantumhuizen	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hiaure	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hogebeintum	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Holwerd	m		a village and former municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
roedjak	n		the traditional Indonesian (originally Javanese) salad dish consist of…
Janum	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Jislum	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Jouswier	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Kollum	m		a village and former municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Kollumerpomp	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Kollumerzwaag	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Lichtaard	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Lioessens	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Marrum	m		a village and former municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Metslawier	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Munnekezijl	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Moddergat	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Niawier	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Oosternijkerk	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Westernijkerk	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Oostmahorn	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Oudwoude	m		a village and former municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Paesens	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Raard	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Reitsum	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Ternaard	m		a village and former municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Triemen	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Veenklooster	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Waaxens	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Wanswerd	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Warfstermolen	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Westergeest	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands
Wetsens	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Zwagerbosch	m		a village in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Abbewier	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Beintemahuis	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Betterwird	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Bollingawier	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Bornwirdhuizen	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Boteburen	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Brandeburen	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Dijkshorne	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Drieboerehuizen	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Ezumazijl	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
bryologie	n	de	bryology (study of bryophytes)
Hallumerhoek	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hanenburg	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hantumerhoek	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Kettingwier	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Kletterbuurt	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Kollumeroudzijl	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Krabburen	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Laagland	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Lutkelaard	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Lutkewier	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Oosterbeintum	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Oudterp	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Oudwouderzijlen	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Reidswal	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Scharnehuizen	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Sibrandahuis	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Steenharst	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Steenvak	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Stiem	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Teerd	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Teijeburen	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Tergracht	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Tibma	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Tilburen	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Tiltjeburen	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Vaardeburen	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Veldburen	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Visbuurt	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Den Helder, North Holland, Netherlands
Weerdeburen	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Westerburen	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Wijgeest	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Zandbulten	m		a hamlet in Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Damwoude	m		a village in Dantumadiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Zwaagwesteinde	m		a village in Dantumadiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Veenwouden	m		a village and former municipality of Dantumadiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Broeksterwoude	m		a village in Dantumadiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Rinsumageest	m		a village and former municipality of Dantumadiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Wouterswoude	m		a village in Dantumadiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Driesum	m		a village in Dantumadiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Roodkerk	m		a village in Dantumadiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Sijbrandahuis	m		a village in Dantumadiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Kuikhorne	m		a hamlet in Dantumadiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Oostwoud	m		a village in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Dantumadiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Dantumawoude	m		a former village and former municipality of Dantumadiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Oostermeer	m		a village and former municipality of Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Eernewoude	m		a village in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Eestrum	m		a village in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Garijp	m		a village in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Giekerk	m		a village in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Hardegarijp	m		a village and former municipality of Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Molenend	m		a village in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Noordbergum	m		a village in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Oenkerk	m		a village and former municipality of Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Oudkerk	m		a village in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Rijperkerk	m		a village in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Suameer	m		a village in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Suawoude	m		a village in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Veenwoudsterwal	m		a village in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Wijns	m		a village in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Giekerkerhoek	m		a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Hoogzand	m		a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Iniaheide	m		a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Kleinegeest	m		a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Noordermeer	m		a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Quatrebras	m		a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Siegerswoude	m		a village in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Suameerderheide	m		a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Witveen	m		a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Zwartewegsend	m		a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Bartlehiem	m		a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel, Friesland, Netherlands
Baard	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Oosterlittens	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Hijlaard	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Huins	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Jellum	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Jorwerd	m		a village and former municipality of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Mantgum	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Weidum	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Hezens	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Hoptille	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Rewerd	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Schillaard	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Schrins	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Tjeintgum	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Wammerd	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Wieuwens	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Friens	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Grouw	m		a village and former municipality of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Idaard	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Irnsum	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Roordahuizum	m		a village and former municipality of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Warstiens	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Abbengawier	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Angwier	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Domwier	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Gotum	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Naarderburen	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Zuiderend	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Tsienzerburen	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Britsum	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Finkum	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Hijum	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Jelsum	m		a village and former municipality of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Cornjum	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Stiens	m		a village and former municipality of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Vensterburen	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Truurd	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Aegum	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Goutum	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Hempens	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Lekkum	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Miedum	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Snakkerburen	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Swichum	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Wijtgaard	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Teerns	m		a village in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Baardburen	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Marwird	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Midsburen	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Noordend	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Poelhuizen	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Tjaard	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Vierhuis	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Schilkampen	m		a hamlet in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Boornbergum	m		a village in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Drachtstercompagnie	m		a village in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Goëngahuizen	m		a village in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Houtigehage	m		a village in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Kortehemmen	m		a village in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijega	m		a village in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Oudega	m		a village and former municipality of Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands; a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands; a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Opeinde	m		a village in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Rottevalle	m		a village in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Buitenstverlaat	m		a hamlet in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Egbertsgaasten	m		a hamlet in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Folgeren	m		a hamlet in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Galhoek	m		a hamlet in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Luchtenveld	m		a hamlet in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Middelburen	m		a hamlet in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijtap	m		a hamlet in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Noorderend	m		a hamlet in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Opperburen	m		a hamlet in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Siteburen	m		a hamlet in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Wierren	m		a hamlet in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Zandburen	m		a hamlet in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Zuiderheide	m		a hamlet in Smallingerland, Friesland, Netherlands
Bakkeveen	m		a village in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Beetsterzwaag	m		a village and former municipality of Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Frieschepalen	m		a village in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Gorredijk	m		a village and former municipality of Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Hemrik	m		a village in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Jonkersland	m		a village in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Langezwaag	m		a village and former municipality of Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Kortezwaag	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Lippenhuizen	m		a village and former municipality of Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Luxwoude	m		a village in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Olterterp	m		a village in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Terwispel	m		a village in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Tijnje	m		a village in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Ureterp	m		a village and former municipality of Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Wijnjewoude	m		a village in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Allardsoog	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Haneburen	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Hanebuurt	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Heidehuizen	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Hemrikerverlaat	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Kooibos	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Oosterend	m		a village and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a village in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands; a village in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands
Rolbrug	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Selmien	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Sparjebird	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Stripe	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Uilesprong	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Voorwerk	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Vosseburen	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Wijngaarden	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Wijnjeterpverlaat	m		a hamlet in Opsterland, Friesland, Netherlands
Akkrum	m		a village and former municipality of Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Oldeboorn	m		a village and former municipality of Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Henshuizen	m		a hamlet in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Meskenwier	m		a hamlet in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Oosterboorn	m		a hamlet in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Poppenhuizen	m		a hamlet in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Warniahuizen	m		a hamlet in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Birstum	m		a hamlet in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Pean	m		a hamlet in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Sorremorre	m		a hamlet in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Bontebok	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Gersloot	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Gersloot-Polder	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Hoornsterzwaag	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Jubbega	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Katlijk	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Luinjeberd	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Haskerdijken	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Mildam	m		a village and former municipality of Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Nieuwehorne	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Oudehorne	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Nieuweschoot	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Oudeschoot	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Oranjewoud	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Terband	m		a village in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Tjalleberd	m		a village and former municipality of Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Anneburen	m		a hamlet in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Brongerga	m		a hamlet in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Schurega	m		a hamlet in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Spitsendijk	m		a hamlet in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Sythuizen	m		a hamlet in Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Appelscha	m		a village in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Donkerbroek	m		a village in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Fochteloo	m		a village in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Haule	m		a village in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Haulerwijk	m		a village in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Langedijke	m		a village in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Makkinga	m		a village in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijeberkoop	m		a village in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Oldeberkoop	m		a village in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Waskemeer	m		a village in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Bekenstein	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Aekinga	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Bekhof	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Bentemaden	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Boekhorst	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Bovenveld	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Bûterheideveld	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Buttinga	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Deddingabuurt	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Elleboog	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Hoogeduurswoude	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Laagduurswoude	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Janssenstichting	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Jardinga	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Konijnenbuurt	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Koudenburg	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Klazinga	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Medhuizen	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Nanninga	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Prandinga	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Rolpaal	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Schottelenburg	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Schrappinga	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Terwisscha	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Tronde	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Twijtel	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Veneburen	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Venekoten	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Weper	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Weperpolder	m		a hamlet in Ooststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Blesdijke	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Boijl	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Langelille	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Munnekeburen	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Noordwolde-Zuid	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Oosterstreek	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Peperga	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Slijkenburg	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Sonnega	m		a village and former municipality of Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Spanga	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Steggerda	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Vinkega	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Zandhuizen	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Boekelte	m		a hamlet in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Munnekezeel	m		a hamlet in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Overburen	m		a hamlet in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Rijsberkampen	m		a hamlet in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Schoterzijl	m		a hamlet in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Oldeholtpade	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Oldeholtwolde	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Oldelamer	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Oldetrijne	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijeholtpade	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijeholtwolde	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijelamer	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijetrijne	m		a village in Weststellingwerf, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijehaske	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Skoaterwâld	m		a neighbourhood of Heerenveen, Friesland, Netherlands
Fonteinslanden	m		a neighbourhood of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Fugellan	m		a neighbourhood of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hoedemakerspolder	m		a neighbourhood of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Weeshuislanden	m		a neighbourhood of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Jantjeszeepolder	m		a neighbourhood of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Kooilanden	m		a neighbourhood of Noardeast-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Blaauwhof	m		a neighbourhood of De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Zuiderveld	m		a neighbourhood of De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Skipsleat	m		a neighbourhood of De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Westermeer	m		a neighbourhood of De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Trebolbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Harlingen, Friesland, Netherlands
Professorenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Kaatsersbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Hemdijk	m		a neighbourhood of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Noorderhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Stadsfenne	m		a neighbourhood of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Sperkhem	m		a neighbourhood of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Tinga	m		a neighbourhood of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Duinterpen	m		a neighbourhood of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Potmargezone	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Schepenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Den Helder, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Wielenpôlle	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Oranjewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Aalsmeer, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Tulpenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Huizum	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Rapenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Bilgaard	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Nieuwestad	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Camminghaburen	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Techum	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Wiarda	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Jabikswoude	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Schieringen	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Hollanderwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijlân	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Aldlân	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Oldegalileën	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Transvaalwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Baarn, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vrijheidswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Valeriuskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Heechterp	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Blitsaerd	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Molenpad	m		a neighbourhood of Leeuwarden, Friesland, Netherlands
Akmarijp	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Bakhuizen	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Bantega	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Boornzwaag	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Delfstrahuizen	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Dijken	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Doniaga	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Echtenerbrug	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Elahuizen	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Follega	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Goingarijp	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Harich	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Haskerhorne	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Idskenhuizen	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Kolderwolde	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Langweer	m		a village and former municipality of De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Legemeer	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Mirns	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Oudehaske	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijemirdum	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Oudemirdum	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Oldeouwer	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Oosterzee	m		a village and former municipality of De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Ouwster-Nijega	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Ouwsterhaule	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Rijs	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Rotstergaast	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Rotsterhaule	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Ruigahuizen	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Scharsterbrug	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Sintjohannesga	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Snikzwaag	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Sondel	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Terhorne	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Terkaple	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Teroele	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Tjerkgaast	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Vegelinsoord	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Wijckel	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Ballingbuur	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Bargebek	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Brekkenpolder	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Commissiepolle	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Delburen	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Finkeburen	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Hooibergen	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Huisterheide	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Marderhoek	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Noed	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Onland	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Spannenburg	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Tacozijl	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Trophorne	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Tweehuis	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Vinkeburen	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Vrisburen	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Westend	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Westerend-Harich	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Zevenbuurt	m		a hamlet in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
Sneek	m		a city and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Deersum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Poppingawier	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Rauwerd	m		a village and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Sijbrandaburen	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Terzool	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Bozum	m		a village and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Britswerd	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Oosterwierum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Lutkewierum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hidaard	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hennaard	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Itens	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Kubaard	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Roodhuis	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Wieuwerd	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Wommels	m		a village and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Abbega	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Allingawier	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Breezanddijk	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Burgwerd	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Cornwerd	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Dedgum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Exmorra	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Ferwoude	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Folsgare	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Gaast	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Gaastmeer	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Gauw	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Goënga	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Greonterp	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hartwerd	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Heeg	m		a village and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hemelum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hichtum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hieslum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hommerts	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Idsegahuizum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Idzega	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
IJsbrechtum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Indijk	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet and former municipality of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Jutrijp	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Kimswerd	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Kornwerderzand	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Koudum	m		a village and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Koufurderrige	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Laaxum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Loënga	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Lollum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Longerhouw	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Molkwerum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijhuizum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijland	m		a village and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Offingawier	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Oosthem	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Oppenhuizen	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Parrega	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Piaam	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Pingjum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Sandfirden	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
agglomeraat	n	het · mv. agglomeraten	collection, mass; agglomerate
rectoraat	n	het · mv. rectoraten	rectorate
hanzeaat	n	de · mv. hanzeaten	Hansard, member of the Hanseatic League
numismaat	n	de · mv. numismaten	numismatist
theodoliet	n	de · mv. theodolieten	theodolite
trachiet	n	het	trachyte
Scharl	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Scharnegoutum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Schettens	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Schraard	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Smallebrugge	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Tirns	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Tjalhuizum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Tjerkwerd	m		a village and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Uitwellingerga	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Westhem	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Wolsum	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Woudsend	m		a village and former municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Ypecolsga	m		a village in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Aaksens	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Abbegaasterketting	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Abbegaasterrige	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Andelahuizen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Angterp	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Arkum	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Atzeburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Baarderburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Baburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Barsum	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Bernsterburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Bittens	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Flansum	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Engwerd	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Marsherne	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Grotewierum	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hidaarderzijl	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hoekens	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Kleiterp	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Kromwal	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Westerlittens	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Meilahuizen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Montsamaburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Schrok	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Swaanwerd	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Kerkeburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Bloemkamp	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Bonjeterp	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Bootland	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Bovenburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Dijksterburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Doniaburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Doniawier	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Draaisterhuizen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Eemswoude	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Engwier	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Exmorrazijl	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Feyteburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Galamadammen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Goëngamieden	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Gooium	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Harkezijl	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hayum	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hiddum	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Hornsterburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Houw	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Idserdaburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Jonkershuizen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Jousterp	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Jouswerd	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Knossens	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Kooihuizen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Koudehuizum	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Lippenwoude	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Lytshuizen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijeburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijeklooster	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Nijezijl	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Osingahuizen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Ottenburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Piekezijl	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Remswerd	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Rijtseterp	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Sandfirderrijp	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Scharneburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Sieswerd	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Sjungadijk	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Sotterum	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Viersprong	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Vissersburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Wolsumerketting	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Wonneburen	m		a hamlet in Súdwest-Fryslân, Friesland, Netherlands
Baijum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Spannum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Welsrijp	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Bonkwerd	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Schelum	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Tjeppenboer	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Weakens	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Berlikum	m		a village and former municipality of Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Beetgum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Beetgumermolen	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Blessum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Boksum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Deinum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Dronrijp	m		a village and former municipality of Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Engelum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Marssum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Menaldum	m		a village and former municipality of Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Schingen	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Slappeterp	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Hatsum	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Kingmatille	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Ritsumazijl	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Minnertsga	m		a village and former municipality of Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Oudebildtzijl	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Nieuwebildtzijl	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Vrouwenparochie	m		a village and former municipality of Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Vrouwbuurtstermolen	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
hussiet	n	de · mv. hussieten	Hussite
bloedmonster	n	het · mv. bloedmonsters	blood sample
Achlum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Dongjum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Firdgum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Herbaijum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Hitzum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Klooster-Lidlum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Oosterbierum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Peins	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Pietersbierum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Schalsum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Sexbierum	m		a village and former municipality of Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Tzum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Tzummarum	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
keelmonster	n	het · mv. keelmonsters	throat swab specimen
Zweins	m		a village in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
neusmonster	n	het · mv. neusmonsters	nasal swab specimen
speekselmonster	n	het · mv. speekselmonsters	saliva sample
tentakelmonster	n	het · mv. tentakelmonsters	monster with tentacles
urinemonster	n	het · mv. urinemonsters	urine sample
watermonster	n	het · mv. watermonsters	water sample
Arkens	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Barrum	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Dijkshoek	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Dijksterhuizen	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Doijum	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Franjumerburen	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Holprijp	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Kie	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Kiesterzijl	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Koehool	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Laakwerd	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Lutjelollum	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Roptazijl	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Salverd	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Sopsum	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Tallum	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Teetlum	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Tolsum	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Tritzum	m		a hamlet in Waadhoeke, Friesland, Netherlands
Midlum	m		a village in Harlingen, Friesland, Netherlands
Wijnaldum	m		a village in Harlingen, Friesland, Netherlands
Almenum	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Harlingen, Friesland, Netherlands
IJslumburen	m		a hamlet in Harlingen, Friesland, Netherlands
Koetille	m		a hamlet in Harlingen, Friesland, Netherlands
Koningsbuurt	m		a hamlet in Harlingen, Friesland, Netherlands
Luidum	m		a hamlet in Harlingen, Friesland, Netherlands
Ungabuurt	m		a hamlet in Harlingen, Friesland, Netherlands
Voorrijp	m		a hamlet in Harlingen, Friesland, Netherlands
Ballum	m		a village in Ameland, Friesland, Netherlands
Kooiplaats	m		a hamlet in Ameland, Friesland, Netherlands
Formerum	m		a village in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands
Midsland	m		a village in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands
Baaiduinen	m		a hamlet in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands
Dellewal	m		a hamlet in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands
Horp	m		a hamlet in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands
kaasboor	n	de · mv. kaasboren	cheese borer
Kaard	m		a hamlet in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands
Kinnum	m		a hamlet in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands
Landerum	m		a hamlet in Terschelling, Friesland, Netherlands
Haske	m		a former municipality of Friesland, Netherlands
Goeree-Overflakkee	m		an island and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Goedereede	m		a city, former municipality, and former island in Goeree-Overflakkee, South…
Achthuizen	m		a village in Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Dirksland	m		a village and former municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland,…
Havenhoofd	m		a village in Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland, Netherlands
Herkingen	m		a village and former municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland,…
Melissant	m		a village and former municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland,…
Middelharnis	m		a village and former municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland,…
Nieuwe-Tonge	m		a village in Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland, Netherlands
Oude-Tonge	m		a village in Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland, Netherlands
Ooltgensplaat	m		a village and former municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland,…
Ouddorp	m		a village and former municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland,…
Sommelsdijk	m		a village and former municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland,…
Stellendam	m		a village and former municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland,…
Zuidzijde	m		a village in Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Battenoord	m		a hamlet in Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland, Netherlands
Kranendijk	m		a hamlet in Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland, Netherlands
Langstraat	m		a hamlet in Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland, Netherlands
Oostflakkee	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Onwaard	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Roxenisse	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Westvoorne	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Rockanje	m		a village and former municipality of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Oostvoorne	m		a village and former municipality of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Kruiningergors	m		a hamlet in Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Strype	m		a hamlet in Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Stuifakker	m		a hamlet in Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Naters	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Heveringen	m		a neighbourhood of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Goudhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Vierpolders	m		a village and former municipality of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Zwartewaal	m		a village and former municipality of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Zuurland	m		a neighbourhood of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Meeuwenoord	m		a neighbourhood of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Ommeloop	m		a neighbourhood of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Hellevoetsluis	m		a town and former municipality of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Nieuwenhoorn	m		a village and former municipality of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Oudenhoorn	m		a village and former municipality of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Helvoet	m		a village and former municipality of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
IJzerenbrug	m		a hamlet in Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Wittenshoeck	m		a neighbourhood of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Hoonaart	m		a neighbourhood of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Kulck	m		a neighbourhood of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Logendal	m		a neighbourhood of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Marinebuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Glaciswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Voorne aan Zee, South Holland, Netherlands
Nissewaard	m		a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Geervliet	m		a city and former municipality of Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Heenvliet	m		a city and former municipality of Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Abbenbroek	m		a village and former municipality of Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Hekelingen	m		a village and former municipality of Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Simonshaven	m		a village in Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Zuidland	m		a village and former municipality of Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Beerenplaat	m		a hamlet in Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Biert	m		Biert (a hamlet and former municipality of Nissewaard, South Holland,…; Biert (a village in Ariège department, Occitania, France); a surname
Hoogwerf	m		a neighbourhood of Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Vierambachten	m		a neighbourhood of Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Vriesland	m		a neighbourhood of Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Schiekamp	m		a neighbourhood of Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Maaswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Sterrenkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Nissewaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Poortugaal	m		a village and former municipality of Albrandswaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Rhoon	m		a village and former municipality of Albrandswaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Deltawijk	m		a neighbourhood of Albrandswaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Koedood	m		a hamlet in Barendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Smitshoek	m		a hamlet in Barendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Barendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Oost-Barendrecht	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
West-Barendrecht	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
staalkabel	n	de · mv. staalkabels	steel cable
Bijdorp	m		a neighbourhood of Barendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Schiedam, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Voorschoten, South Holland, Netherlands
Carnisse	m		a neighbourhood of Barendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Nieuweland	m		a neighbourhood of Barendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Paddewei	m		a neighbourhood of Barendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Vrijenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Barendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Bolnes	m		a village in Ridderkerk, South Holland, Netherlands
Oostendam	m		a village in Ridderkerk, South Holland, Netherlands
Rijsoord	m		a village and former municipality of Ridderkerk, South Holland, Netherlands
Slikkerveer	m		a village in Ridderkerk, South Holland, Netherlands
Oude-Molen	m		a hamlet in Ridderkerk, South Holland, Netherlands
Strevelshoek	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Ridderkerk, South Holland, Netherlands
Wevershoek	m		a hamlet in Ridderkerk, South Holland, Netherlands
Zwaantje	m		a hamlet in Ridderkerk, South Holland, Netherlands
Zwet	m		a hamlet in Ridderkerk, South Holland, Netherlands
Drievliet	m		a neighbourhood of Ridderkerk, South Holland, Netherlands
Kortland	m		a hamlet in Alblasserdam, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Krimpen aan den IJssel, South Holland, Netherlands
Papendrecht	m		a town and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Matena	m		a hamlet in Papendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Kraaihoek	m		a neighbourhood of Papendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Wilgendonk	m		a neighbourhood of Papendrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Hendrik-Ido-Ambacht	m		a town and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Kruiswiel	m		a neighbourhood of Hendrik-Ido-Ambacht, South Holland, Netherlands
Sophiapolder	m		a neighbourhood of Hendrik-Ido-Ambacht, South Holland, Netherlands
Sandelingen-Ambacht	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Zwijndrecht	m		a town and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Heerjansdam	m		a village and former municipality of Zwijndrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Achter-Lindt	m		a hamlet in Zwijndrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Kleine-Lindt	m		a hamlet in Zwijndrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Kijfhoek	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Zwijndrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Sterrenbeeldenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Zwijndrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Planetenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Pilotenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Zwijndrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Prinsessenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Zwijndrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Meerdervoort	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Bernisse	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
monsterzege	n	de · mv. monsterzeges	huge victory
Goidschalxoord	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Goudswaard	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
's-Gravendeel	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Heinenoord	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Klaaswaal	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Maasdam	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Mijnsheerenland	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Beijerland	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Oud-Beijerland	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Zuid-Beijerland	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Numansdorp	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Piershil	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Puttershoek	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Strijensas	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Westmaas	m		a village and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Blaaksedijk	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Bommelskous	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Cillaarshoek	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Greup	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Keizersdijk	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Kuipersveer	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Maasdijk	m		a village in Westland, South Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Middelsluis	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Mookhoek	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Oudesluis	m		a village in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Schenkeldijk	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Steenplaats	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Vuurbaken	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Westdijk	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Zinkweg	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Zwanegat	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Zwartsluisje	m		a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Tiengemeten	m		an island of South Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Hoeksche Waard, South Holland, Netherlands
Korendijk	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Binnenmaas	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Cromstrijen	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Wieldrecht	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Dordrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Willemsdorp	m		a hamlet in Dordrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Dubbeldam	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Dordrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Sterrenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Dordrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Wielwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Dordrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Oud-Krispijn	m		a neighbourhood of Dordrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Krispijn	m		a neighbourhood of Dordrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Crabbehof	m		a neighbourhood of Dordrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Merwedepolder	m		a neighbourhood of Dordrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Stadspolders	m		a neighbourhood of Dordrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Sliedrecht	m		a village and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Baanhoek	m		a hamlet in Sliedrecht, South Holland, Netherlands
Westwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Amstelveen, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Sliedrecht, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Vlaardingen, South Holland, Netherlands
Oostwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Sliedrecht, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Vlaardingen, South Holland, Netherlands
Hardinxveld-Giessendam	m		a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Boven-Hardinxveld	m		a village in Hardinxveld-Giessendam, South Holland, Netherlands
Giessendam	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Hardinxveld-Giessendam, South…
Neder-Hardinxveld	m		a neighbourhood of Hardinxveld-Giessendam, South Holland, Netherlands
Hardinxveld	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Lingewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Gorinchem, South Holland, Netherlands
Gildenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Gorinchem, South Holland, Netherlands
Haarwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Gorinchem, South Holland, Netherlands
Bovenstad	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Gorinchem, South Holland, Netherlands
Stalkaarsen	m		a neighbourhood of Gorinchem, South Holland, Netherlands
Wijdschild	m		a neighbourhood of Gorinchem, South Holland, Netherlands
centralisering	n	de · mv. centraliseringen	centralisation
Nieuwpoort	m		a city and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of IJsselstein, Utrecht, Netherlands; a city and municipality of West Flanders, Belgium
rekeninguittreksel	n	het · mv. rekeninguittreksels	bank statement
hematiet	n	het	hematite
bentoniet	n	het	bentonite
lafenis	n	de · mv. lafenissen	thirst quencher, refreshment, invigoration; the act of lavishing; comfort, encouragement, relief
Arkel	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Bleskensgraaf	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Brandwijk	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Giessenburg	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Giessen-Oudekerk	m		a village in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Goudriaan	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Groot-Ammers	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Hoogblokland	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Hoornaar	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
sulfiet	n	het · mv. sulfieten	sulfite
Molenaarsgraaf	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Lekkerland	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Noordeloos	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Ottoland	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Oud-Alblas	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Schelluinen	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Streefkerk	m		a village and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Achterland	m		a hamlet in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Bazeldijk	m		a hamlet in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Gelkenes	m		a hamlet in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Gijbeland	m		a hamlet in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Hofwegen	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Graafland	m		a hamlet in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Kooiwijk	m		a hamlet in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Liesveld	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Minkeloos	m		a hamlet in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Overslingeland	m		a hamlet in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Pinkenveer	m		a hamlet in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Vuilendam	m		a hamlet in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Muisbroek	m		a hamlet in Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Laagblokland	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Peursum	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Molenlanden, South Holland, Netherlands
Nederslingeland	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Giessen-Nieuwkerk	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Giessenlanden	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Graafstroom	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Molenwaard	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Molenlanden	m		a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Stolwijk	m		a village and former municipality of Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Haastrecht	m		a city and former municipality of Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Ammerstol	m		a village and former municipality of Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Bergambacht	m		a village and former municipality of Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Berkenwoude	m		a village and former municipality of Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Gouderak	m		a village and former municipality of Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Lekkerkerk	m		a village and former municipality of Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Vlist	m		a river in South Holland, Netherlands; a village and former municipality of Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Beneden-Haastrecht	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Boven-Haastrecht	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Benedenheul	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Benedenkerk	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Benedenberg	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Bovenberg	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Bilwijk	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Bonrepas	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Bergstoep	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Goudseweg	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Hoogedijk	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
IJssellaan	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Kadijk	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Loet	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Opperduit	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Schoonouwen	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Schuwacht	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Tussenlanen	m		a hamlet in Krimpenerwaard, South Holland, Netherlands
Nederlek	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Ouderkerk	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Krimpenerwaard	m		a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Stormpolder	m		a former hamlet and former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Langeland	m		a neighbourhood of Krimpen aan den IJssel, South Holland, Netherlands
Schollevaar	m		a neighbourhood of Capelle aan den IJssel, South Holland, Netherlands
Fascinatio	m		a neighbourhood of Capelle aan den IJssel, South Holland, Netherlands
Oostgaarde	m		a neighbourhood of Capelle aan den IJssel, South Holland, Netherlands
Middelwatering	m		a neighbourhood of Capelle aan den IJssel, South Holland, Netherlands
's-Gravenland	m		a neighbourhood of Capelle aan den IJssel, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Moerkapelle	m		a village and former municipality of Zuidplas, South Holland, Netherlands
Moordrecht	m		a village and former municipality of Zuidplas, South Holland, Netherlands
's-Gravenweg	m		a hamlet in Zuidplas, South Holland, Netherlands
Donderdam	m		a hamlet in Zuidplas, South Holland, Netherlands
Hollevoeterbrug	m		a hamlet in Zuidplas, South Holland, Netherlands
Zevenhuizen-Moerkapelle	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Dorrestein	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Zuidplas, South Holland, Netherlands
Zuidplas	m		a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Bleiswijk	m		a village and former municipality of Lansingerland, South Holland, Netherlands
Bergschenhoek	m		a village and former municipality of Lansingerland, South Holland, Netherlands
Componistenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Baarn, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Lansingerland, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Lisse, South Holland, Netherlands
Edelsteenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Lansingerland, South Holland, Netherlands
Sterrenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Lansingerland, South Holland, Netherlands
Weidebloemwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Lansingerland, South Holland, Netherlands
Bloemenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Lansingerland, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Lisse, South Holland, Netherlands
Lansingerland	m		a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Roeleveen	m		a hamlet in Zoetermeer, South Holland, Netherlands
Palenstein	m		a neighbourhood of Zoetermeer, South Holland, Netherlands
Driemanspolder	m		a neighbourhood of Zoetermeer, South Holland, Netherlands
Meerzicht	m		a neighbourhood of Zoetermeer, South Holland, Netherlands
Buytenwegh	m		a neighbourhood of Zoetermeer, South Holland, Netherlands
Noordhove	m		a neighbourhood of Zoetermeer, South Holland, Netherlands
Rokkeveen	m		a neighbourhood of Zoetermeer, South Holland, Netherlands
Oosterheem	m		a neighbourhood of Zoetermeer, South Holland, Netherlands
Seghwaert	m		a neighbourhood of Zoetermeer, South Holland, Netherlands
Nootdorp	m		a village and former municipality of Pijnacker-Nootdorp, South Holland,…
Delfgauw	m		a village in Pijnacker-Nootdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Gooland	m		a hamlet in Pijnacker-Nootdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Katwijkerlaan	m		a hamlet in Pijnacker-Nootdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Noukoop	m		a hamlet in Pijnacker-Nootdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Koningshof	m		a neighbourhood of Pijnacker-Nootdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Klapwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Pijnacker-Nootdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Nieuwveen	m		a village and former municipality of Nieuwkoop, South Holland, Netherlands; a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Abtswoude	m		a hamlet in Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Klein-Delfgauw	m		a hamlet in Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Vrijenban	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Rijswijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Abtsregt	m		a former municipality of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Buitenhof	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leiderdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Voorhof	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leiderdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Tanthof	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Wippolder	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Voordijkshoorn	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Zuidpoort	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Koepoort	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Bomenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Ministersbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Krakeelpolder	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Kuyperwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Marlot	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Westlandhof	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Afrikabuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Aziëbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Dierenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Cromvliet	m		a neighbourhood of Rijswijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Leeuwendaal	m		a neighbourhood of Rijswijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Kleurenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Rijswijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Artiestenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Rijswijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Presidentenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Rijswijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Ministerbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Rijswijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Stervoorde	m		a neighbourhood of Rijswijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Eikelenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Rijswijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Maasland	m		a village and former municipality of Midden-Delfland, South Holland, Netherlands
Schipluiden	m		a village and former municipality of Midden-Delfland, South Holland, Netherlands
Burgersdijk	m		a hamlet in Midden-Delfland, South Holland, Netherlands
Gaag	m		a hamlet in Midden-Delfland, South Holland, Netherlands
Hodenpijl	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Midden-Delfland, South Holland, Netherlands
Lierhand	m		a hamlet in Midden-Delfland, South Holland, Netherlands
Negenhuizen	m		a hamlet in Midden-Delfland, South Holland, Netherlands
Zouteveen	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Midden-Delfland, South Holland, Netherlands
calamiteitenroute	n	de · mv. calamiteitenroutes	a route used by emergency vehicles
soortenzwerm	n	de · mv. soortenzwermen	a species cluster (group of closely related species)
ruilvoet	n	de · mv. ruilvoeten	terms of trade
Windas	m		a hamlet in Schiedam, South Holland, Netherlands
Groenoord	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Schiedam, South Holland, Netherlands
Kethel	m		a neighbourhood of Schiedam, South Holland, Netherlands
Spaland	m		a neighbourhood of Schiedam, South Holland, Netherlands
Woudhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Schiedam, South Holland, Netherlands
Zuidbuurt	m		a hamlet in Vlaardingen, South Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Zoeterwoude, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Eemnes, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vlaardingerambacht	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Vlaardingen, South Holland,…
Hoogkamer	m		a neighbourhood of Vlaardingen, South Holland, Netherlands
Drevenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Vlaardingen, South Holland, Netherlands
Hoevenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Vlaardingen, South Holland, Netherlands
Maassluis	m		a city and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Dijkpolder	m		a neighbourhood of Maassluis, South Holland, Netherlands
Kapelpolder	m		a neighbourhood of Maassluis, South Holland, Netherlands
Sluispolder	m		a neighbourhood of Maassluis, South Holland, Netherlands
Rozenburg	m		a village, former island, and former municipality of Rotterdam, South…; a hamlet in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Kandelaar	m		a hamlet in Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Langebakkersoord	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
's-Gravenambacht	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Niemandsvriend	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Dijkzigt	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Scheepvaartkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Stadsdriehoek	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Heijplaat	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Oud-Charlois	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Pendrecht	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Tarwewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Zuidwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Delfshaven	m		a neighbourhood, former city, and former municipality of Rotterdam, South…
Bospolder	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Tussendijken	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Schiemond	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Middelland	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Oud-Mathenesse	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Feijenoord	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Afrikaanderwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Bloemhof	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Hillesluis	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Katendrecht	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Noordereiland	m		North Island, an island in New Zealand; A neighbourhood and island in Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands; A neighbourhood and island in Zwolle, Overijssel, Netherlands
Vreewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Rhenen, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Hillegersberg-Schiebroek	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Schiebroek	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Hillegersberg	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Molenlaankwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Kleiwegkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Terbregge	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Hoogvliet	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Boomgaardshoek	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Gadering	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Meeuwenplaat	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Westpunt	m		a village in Aruba; a village in Curaçao; a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Zalmplaat	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Tussenwater	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
IJsselmonde	m		an island, neighbourhood, and former municipality of Rotterdam, South…
Beverwaard	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Reyeroord	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Sportdorp	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Zomerland	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Kreekhuizen	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Hordijkerveld	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Tuinhoven	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Groenenhagen	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Lombardijen	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Homerusbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Molièrebuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Zenobuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Smeetsland	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Kralingen-Crooswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Crooswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Rubroek	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Struisenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Liskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Agniesebuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Bergpolder	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Blijdorp	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Provenierswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Overschie	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Kleinpolder	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Landzicht	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Nesselande	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Ommoord	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Oosterflank	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Prinsenland	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Zevenkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Kiefhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
Lloydkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
zopas	d		just now, a short while ago
Honselersdijk	m		a village in Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Kwintsheul	m		a village in Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Naaldwijk	m		a village and former municipality of Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Poeldijk	m		a village in Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Wateringen	m		a village and former municipality of Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Baakwoning	m		a hamlet in Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Heenweg	m		a hamlet in Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Mariëndijk	m		a hamlet in Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Oostbuurt	m		a hamlet in Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Galgeblok	m		a neighbourhood of Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Opstal	m		a neighbourhood of Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Stokdijkhof	m		a neighbourhood of Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Kruisbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Woerdblok	m		a neighbourhood of Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Poelpolder	m		a neighbourhood of Lisse, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Vliettuinen	m		a neighbourhood of Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Essellanden	m		a neighbourhood of Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Pijletuinen	m		a neighbourhood of Westland, South Holland, Netherlands
Haagoord	m		a hamlet in The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Westbroekpark	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Duttendel	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Nassaubuurt	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Uilennest	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Duinzigt	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Waalsdorp	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Arendsdorp	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Archipelbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Scheveningen	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Duindorp	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Geuzenkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Bohemen	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Ockenburgh	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Kijkduin	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Kraayenstein	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Houtwijk	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Vruchtenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Heesterbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Valkenboskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Zeeheldenkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Willemspark	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Bezuidenhout	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Benoordenhout	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Huygenspark	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Kortenbos	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Voorhout	m		a village and former municipality of Teylingen, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Uilebomen	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Zuidwal	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Transvaalkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Rustenburg	m		a village in Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Leyenburg	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Bouwlust	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Morgenstond	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Moerwijk	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Laakhaven	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Spoorwijk	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Laakkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Noordpolderbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Ypenburg	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Waterbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Bosweide	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Regentessekwartier	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Loosduinen	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Mariahoeve	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Duinoord	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Zuiderpark	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Segbroek	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Escamp	m		a neighbourhood of The Hague, South Holland, Netherlands
Maaldrift	m		a hamlet in Wassenaar, South Holland, Netherlands
Kerkehout	m		a neighbourhood of Wassenaar, South Holland, Netherlands
Oostdorp	m		a neighbourhood of Wassenaar, South Holland, Netherlands
Oud-Wassenaar	m		a neighbourhood of Wassenaar, South Holland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Wassenaar	m		a neighbourhood of Wassenaar, South Holland, Netherlands
Voorschoten	m		a village and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Nassauwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Voorschoten, South Holland, Netherlands
Noord-Hofland	m		a neighbourhood of Voorschoten, South Holland, Netherlands
Adegeest	m		a neighbourhood of Voorschoten, South Holland, Netherlands
Boschgeest	m		a neighbourhood of Voorschoten, South Holland, Netherlands
Vlietwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Voorschoten, South Holland, Netherlands
Starrenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Voorschoten, South Holland, Netherlands
Dobbewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Voorschoten, South Holland, Netherlands
Krimwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Voorschoten, South Holland, Netherlands
Wilsveen	m		a hamlet in Leidschendam-Voorburg, South Holland, Netherlands
Veur	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Essesteijn	m		a neighbourhood of Leidschendam-Voorburg, South Holland, Netherlands
Verzetsheldenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leidschendam-Voorburg, South Holland, Netherlands
Zeeheldenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Baarn, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leidschendam-Voorburg, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Lisse, South Holland, Netherlands
Duivenvoorde	m		a neighbourhood of Leidschendam-Voorburg, South Holland, Netherlands
Prinsenhof	m		a neighbourhood of Leidschendam-Voorburg, South Holland, Netherlands
Leidschendam-Voorburg	m		a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Gelderswoude	m		a village in Zoeterwoude, South Holland, Netherlands
Zoeterwoude-Dorp	m		a village in Zoeterwoude, South Holland, Netherlands
Zoeterwoude-Rijndijk	m		a village in Zoeterwoude, South Holland, Netherlands
Zoeterwoude	m		a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Achthoven	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Montfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in Leiderdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Zijlkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Leiderdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Binnenhof	m		a neighbourhood of Leiderdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Doeskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Leiderdorp, South Holland, Netherlands
Levendaal	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Academiewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Pieterswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Marewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Havenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Noorderkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Rijndijkbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Professorenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Baarn, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Tuinstadwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Cronestein	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Roomburg	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Waardeiland	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Haagweg	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Gasthuiswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Fortuinwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Raadsherenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Slaaghwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Zijlwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Merenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Leedewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Schenkwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Kloosterhof	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Houtkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Stevenshof	m		a neighbourhood of Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands
Oegstgeest	m		a village and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Haaswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Oegstgeest, South Holland, Netherlands
Oudenhof	m		a neighbourhood of Oegstgeest, South Holland, Netherlands
Voscuyl	m		a neighbourhood of Oegstgeest, South Holland, Netherlands
Poelgeest	m		a neighbourhood of Oegstgeest, South Holland, Netherlands
Rijnsoever	m		a neighbourhoods of Katwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Hoornes	m		a neighbourhoods of Katwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Koestal	m		a neighbourhoods of Katwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Zanderij	m		a neighbourhood of Katwijk, South Holland, Netherlands; a village in Para, Suriname; Johan Adolf Pengel International Airport, located near the village
Noordwijk-Binnen	m		a village in Noordwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
coöperatieprincipe	n	het · mv. coöperatieprincipes	cooperative principle
Noordwijkerhout	m		a village and former municipality of Noordwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Ruigenhoek	m		a hamlet in Noordwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Langeveld	m		a hamlet in Noordwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Boerenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Noordwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
samenwerkingsbeginsel	n	het · mv. samenwerkingsbeginselen	synonym of coöperatieprincipe
Treslong	m		a neighbourhood of Hillegom, South Holland, Netherlands
Weerestein	m		a neighbourhood of Hillegom, South Holland, Netherlands
Elsbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Hillegom, South Holland, Netherlands
Rooversbroek	m		a hamlet in Lisse, South Holland, Netherlands
Schilderswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Baarn, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Lisse, South Holland, Netherlands
Teylingen	m		a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Teijlingen	m		a hamlet in Teylingen, South Holland, Netherlands
Bodegraven-Reeuwijk	m		a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Midden-Delfland	m		a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Pijnacker-Nootdorp	m		a municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Hoogmade	m		a village and former municipality of Kaag en Braassem, South Holland,…
Kaag	m		a village in Kaag en Braassem, South Holland, Netherlands; a surname
Leimuiden	m		a village and former municipality of Kaag en Braassem, South Holland,…
Oud-Ade	m		a village in Kaag en Braassem, South Holland, Netherlands
Rijnsaterwoude	m		a village and former municipality of Kaag en Braassem, South Holland,…
Rijpwetering	m		a village in Kaag en Braassem, South Holland, Netherlands
implicatuur	n	de · mv. implicaturen	implicature
Roelofarendsveen	m		a village in Kaag en Braassem, South Holland, Netherlands
Woubrugge	m		a village and former municipality of Kaag en Braassem, South Holland,…
Bilderdam	m		a hamlet in Kaag en Braassem, South Holland, Netherlands
Ofwegen	m		a hamlet in Kaag en Braassem, South Holland, Netherlands
Vriezekoop	m		a hamlet in Kaag en Braassem, South Holland, Netherlands
Aarlanderveen	m		a village and former municipality of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland,…
Benthuizen	m		a village and former municipality of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland,…
amberboom	n	de · mv. amberbomen	American sweetgum
Hazerswoude-Dorp	m		a village in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Hazerswoude-Rijndijk	m		a village in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Zwammerdam	m		a village and former municipality of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland,…
Benthorn	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland,…
Gnephoek	m		a hamlet in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Gouwsluis	m		a hamlet in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Heimansbuurt	m		a hamlet in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Hogeveen	m		a hamlet in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Loete	m		a hamlet in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
's-Molenaarsbuurt	m		a hamlet in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Ridderbuurt	m		a hamlet in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Spoelwijk	m		a hamlet in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Voorweg	m		a hamlet in Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Ambachtenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Stromenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Horstenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Burgtenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Steinenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Paddestoelenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Weidebloemenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Snijdelwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Oudshoorn	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Alphen aan den Rijn, South…
Ridderveld	m		a neighbourhood of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Berendrecht	m		a neighbourhood of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Zegersloot	m		a neighbourhood of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, Netherlands
Groenswaard	m		a neighbourhood of Waddinxveen, South Holland, Netherlands
Vondelwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Waddinxveen, South Holland, Netherlands
Stolwijkersluis	m		a hamlet in Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Oosterwei	m		a neighbourhood of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Sportbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Polderbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Vrijheidsbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Slagenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Wervenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Zomenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Groenhovenkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Boerhaavekwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Windrooskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Goverwelle	m		a neighbourhood of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Plaswijck	m		a neighbourhood of Gouda, South Holland, Netherlands
Thuil	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Verzetsstrijdersbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Mythologiebuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Boerderijbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Den Helder, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
Noord-Waddinxveen	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Zuid-Waddinxveen	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Driebruggen	m		a village and former municipality of Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland,…
Sluipwijk	m		a village and former municipality of Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland,…
Waarder	m		a village and former municipality of Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland,…
Reeuwijk-Dorp	m		a village in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Reeuwijk-Brug	m		a village in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Abessinië	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Foreest	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Hogebrug	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Langeweide	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Molenbrug	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Veenendaal, Utrecht, Netherlands
Noordzijde	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Weijland	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Weijpoort	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Oukoop	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland,…; a hamlet in Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Oudeweg	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Platteweg	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Randenburg	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Twaalfmorgen	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Oud-Reeuwijk	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Oud-Bodegraven	m		a hamlet in Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Broekvelden	m		a neighbourhood of Bodegraven-Reeuwijk, South Holland, Netherlands
Reeuwijk	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Korteraar	m		a village in Nieuwkoop, South Holland, Netherlands
Langeraar	m		a village in Nieuwkoop, South Holland, Netherlands
Nederlands-Indië	m		Dutch East Indies (a former Dutch colony in modern-day Indonesia, existing…
Noorden	m		a village in Nieuwkoop, South Holland, Netherlands
Papenveer	m		a village in Nieuwkoop, South Holland, Netherlands
Vrouwenakker	m		a village in Nieuwkoop, South Holland, Netherlands
Zevenhoven	m		a village and former municipality of Nieuwkoop, South Holland, Netherlands
Achttienhoven	m		a hamlet and former municipality of De Bilt, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet and former municipality of Nieuwkoop, South Holland, Netherlands
Blokland	m		a hamlet in Montfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in Nieuwkoop, South Holland, Netherlands
Slikkendam	m		a hamlet in Nieuwkoop, South Holland, Netherlands
Vrijhoeven	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Nieuwkoop, South Holland, Netherlands
mijnenbestrijdingsvaartuig	n	het · mv. mijnenbestrijdingsvaartuigen	mine countermeasures vessel
mijnenbestrijdingsschip	n	het · mv. mijnenbestrijdingsschepen	mine countermeasures ship
mijnenbestrijding	n	de	mine countermeasures, mine removal
mijnenveger	n	de · mv. mijnenvegers	minesweeper (warship that passively removes naval mines from an area)
Zegwaard	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
mijnenjager	n	de · mv. mijnenjagers	minehunter (warship that actively eliminates individual naval mines)
Hazerswoude	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Rijnwoude	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Jacobswoude	m		a former village and former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Liemeer	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Alkemade	m		a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Paradera	m		a town in Aruba
Savaneta	m		a village in Aruba
Malmok	m		a village in Aruba
Ayo	m		a village in Aruba
Shiribana	m		a village in Aruba
Essoville	m		a neighbourhood of San Nicolaas, Aruba
Kustbatterij	m		a village in Aruba
Zeewijk	m		a neighbourhood of San Nicolaas, Aruba
Standardville	m		a village in Aruba
Balashi	m		a village in Aruba
Cashero	m		a village in Aruba
Macuarima	m		a village in Aruba
Papilon	m		a village in Aruba
Urataka	m		a village in Aruba
Rancho	m		a neighbourhood of Oranjestad, Aruba; a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Arasji	m		a village in Aruba
Angochi	m		a village in Aruba
Babijn	m		a village in Aruba
Boton	m		a hamlet in Aruba
Bringamosa	m		a village in Aruba
Butucu	m		a village in Aruba
Casibari	m		a village in Aruba
Catiri	m		a village in Aruba
Canashito	m		a village in Aruba
Calabas	m		a village in Aruba
Shete	m		a village in Aruba
Lagoville	m		a neighbourhood of San Nicolaas, Aruba
Warawara	m		a village in Aruba
Mahuma	m		a village in Aruba; a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Tamarijn	m		a village in Aruba
Matividiri	m		a village in Aruba
Jaburibari	m		a village in Aruba
Kudawecha	m		a village in Aruba
Meiveld	m		a village in Aruba
Moko	m		a village in Aruba
Boroncana	m		a village in Aruba
Kurimiauw	m		a village in Aruba
Turibana	m		a village in Aruba
Modanza	m		a village in Aruba
Wayaka	m		a neighbourhood of Oranjestad, Aruba
Cumana	m		a neighbourhood of Oranjestad, Aruba
Camacuri	m		a neighbourhood of Oranjestad, Aruba
Tarabana	m		a neighbourhood of Oranjestad, Aruba
Solito	m		a neighbourhood of Oranjestad, Aruba
Socotoro	m		a neighbourhood of Oranjestad, Aruba
Madiki	m		a neighbourhood of Oranjestad, Aruba
Paradijswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Oranjestad, Aruba
Bubali	m		a neighbourhood of Noord, Aruba
Gasparito	m		a neighbourhood of Noord, Aruba
Keito	m		a neighbourhood of Noord, Aruba
Koyari	m		a neighbourhood of Noord, Aruba
Monserat	m		a neighbourhood of Noord, Aruba
Montaña	m		a neighbourhood of Noord, Aruba
Lagún	m		a village in Curaçao
Gaitu	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Scharloo	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Wanapa	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Amerikanenkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Habaai	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Saliña	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Domi	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Pietermaai	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Scherpenheuvel	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Emmastad	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Dominguito	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Bottelier	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Parera	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Souax	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Gato	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Wishi	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Abrahamsz	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Kanga	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Mahaai	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Jonchi	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Kwarchi	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Hato	m		a village in Curaçao
Esperansa	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Salsbach	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Brievengat	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Schelpwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Hoenderberg	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Steenrijk	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Suffisant	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Bonam	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Jongbloed	m		a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao
Lowlands	m		a village in Sint Maarten
Kralendijk	m		Kralendijk (the capital city of Bonaire, Netherlands)
Amboina	m		a neighbourhood of Bonaire, Netherlands
Belnem	m		a neighbourhood of Bonaire, Netherlands
Antriol	m		a neighbourhood of Bonaire, Netherlands
Nawati	m		a neighbourhood of Bonaire, Netherlands
Nikiboko	m		a neighbourhood of Bonaire, Netherlands
Sabadeco	m		a neighbourhood of Bonaire, Netherlands
Jeems	m		a neighbourhood of Sint Eustatius, Netherlands
Mansion	m		a neighbourhood of Sint Eustatius, Netherlands
Windwardside	m		a village in Saba, Netherlands
Uithoorn	m		a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Thamerdal	m		a neighbourhood of Uithoorn, North Holland, Netherlands
Zijdelwaard	m		a neighbourhood of Uithoorn, North Holland, Netherlands
Legmeer	m		a neighbourhood of Uithoorn, North Holland, Netherlands
Thamen	m		a former village and former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Kudelstaart	m		a village in Aalsmeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Calslagen	m		a hamlet in Aalsmeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Vrouwentroost	m		a hamlet in Aalsmeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Kalslagen	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Hornmeer	m		a neighbourhood of Aalsmeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Elsrijk	m		a neighbourhood of Amstelveen, North Holland, Netherlands
Bankras	m		a neighbourhood of Amstelveen, North Holland, Netherlands
Middenhoven	m		a neighbourhood of Amstelveen, North Holland, Netherlands
Randwijck	m		a neighbourhood of Amstelveen, North Holland, Netherlands
Patrimonium	m		a neighbourhood of Amstelveen, North Holland, Netherlands
Bovenkerk	m		a neighbourhood of Amstelveen, North Holland, Netherlands
Rietwijkeroord	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Ouder-Amstel	m		a municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Diemen	m		a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Oud-Diemen	m		a hamlet in Diemen, North Holland, Netherlands
Over-Diemen	m		a hamlet in Diemen, North Holland, Netherlands
Stammerdijk	m		a hamlet in Diemen, North Holland, Netherlands
Biesbosch	m		A national park of tidal wetlands on the border between South Holland and…; a neighbourhood of Diemen, North Holland, Netherlands
Akkerland	m		a neighbourhood of Diemen, North Holland, Netherlands
Polderland	m		a neighbourhood of Diemen, North Holland, Netherlands
Kruidenhof	m		a neighbourhood of Diemen, North Holland, Netherlands
Bomenrijk	m		a neighbourhood of Diemen, North Holland, Netherlands
Schelpenhoek	m		a neighbourhood of Diemen, North Holland, Netherlands
Ruimzicht	m		a neighbourhood of Diemen, North Holland, Netherlands
Vogelweide	m		a neighbourhood of Diemen, North Holland, Netherlands
Scheepskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Diemen, North Holland, Netherlands
Muiden	m		a city and former municipality of Gooise Meren, North Holland, Netherlands
Naarden	m		a city and former municipality of Gooise Meren, North Holland, Netherlands
Bussum	m		a village and former municipality of Gooise Meren, North Holland, Netherlands
Hakkelaarsbrug	m		a hamlet in Gooise Meren, North Holland, Netherlands
Naarderbos	m		a neighbourhood of Gooise Meren, North Holland, Netherlands
Spiegelzicht	m		a neighbourhood of Gooise Meren, North Holland, Netherlands
Godelindebuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Gooise Meren, North Holland, Netherlands
Brediuskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Gooise Meren, North Holland, Netherlands
Meijerkamp	m		a neighbourhood of Gooise Meren, North Holland, Netherlands
Vierhoven	m		a neighbourhood of Gooise Meren, North Holland, Netherlands
Westereng	m		a neighbourhood of Gooise Meren, North Holland, Netherlands
Middeneng	m		a neighbourhood of Gooise Meren, North Holland, Netherlands
Oostereng	m		a neighbourhood of Gooise Meren, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Laren, North Holland, Netherlands
Valkeveen	m		a hamlet in Huizen, North Holland, Netherlands
Bikbergen	m		a hamlet in Huizen, North Holland, Netherlands
Crailo	m		a hamlet in Huizen, North Holland, Netherlands
Huizerhoogt	m		a hamlet in Huizen, North Holland, Netherlands
Zenderwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Huizen, North Holland, Netherlands
Huizermaat	m		a neighbourhood of Huizen, North Holland, Netherlands
Oostermeent	m		a neighbourhood of Huizen, North Holland, Netherlands
Bovenmaat	m		a neighbourhood of Huizen, North Holland, Netherlands
Filosofenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Huizen, North Holland, Netherlands
Bijvanck	m		a neighbourhood of Blaricum, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Huizen, North Holland, Netherlands
Blaricum	m		a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Egelshoek	m		a hamlet in Hilversum, North Holland, Netherlands
Zevenend	m		a neighbourhood of Laren, North Holland, Netherlands
Boomberg	m		a neighbourhood of Hilversum, North Holland, Netherlands
Raadhuiskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Hilversum, North Holland, Netherlands
Trompenberg	m		a neighbourhood of Hilversum, North Holland, Netherlands
Bloemenkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Hilversum, North Holland, Netherlands
Schrijverskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Hilversum, North Holland, Netherlands
Schilderskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Hilversum, North Holland, Netherlands
Maranathakerkbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Hilversum, North Holland, Netherlands
Erfgooiersbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Hilversum, North Holland, Netherlands
Wijdemeren	m		a municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Ankeveen	m		a village and former municipality of Wijdemeren, North Holland, Netherlands
Breukeleveen	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Wijdemeren, North Holland, Netherlands
's-Graveland	m		a village and former municipality of Wijdemeren, North Holland, Netherlands
Kortenhoef	m		a village and former municipality of Wijdemeren, North Holland, Netherlands
Loosdrecht	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Oud-Loosdrecht	m		a village in Wijdemeren, North Holland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Loosdrecht	m		a village in Wijdemeren, North Holland, Netherlands
Boomhoek	m		a hamlet in Wijdemeren, North Holland, Netherlands
Hinderdam	m		a hamlet in Wijdemeren, North Holland, Netherlands
Horstermeer	m		a hamlet in Wijdemeren, North Holland, Netherlands
Muyeveld	m		a hamlet in Wijdemeren, North Holland, Netherlands
Overmeer	m		a neighbourhood of Wijdemeren, North Holland, Netherlands
Blijkpolder	m		a neighbourhood of Wijdemeren, North Holland, Netherlands
Weesp	m		a city and former municipality of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Uitermeer	m		a hamlet in Weesp, North Holland, Netherlands
Aetsveld	m		a neighbourhood of Weesp, North Holland, Netherlands
Hogewey	m		a neighbourhood of Weesp, North Holland, Netherlands
Weesperkarspel	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Driemond	m		a village in Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Durgerdam	m		a village and former municipality of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Holysloot	m		a village and former municipality of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Ransdorp	m		a village and former municipality of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Schellingwoude	m		a village and former municipality of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Zunderdorp	m		a village in Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Ruigoord	m		a former village in Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Lastage	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Haarlemmerbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Jordaan	m		Jordan (a river in West Asia in the Middle East, that empties into the Dead…; a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Weesperbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Kadijken	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Spaarndammerbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Kinkerbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Helmersbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
IJburg	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Landlust	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Kolenkitbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Volewijck	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Nieuwendam	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Buikslotermeer	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Oostzanerwerf	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Slotermeer	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Slotervaart	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Sloterdijk	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Geuzenveld	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Eendracht	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Osdorp	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Nellestein	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Holendrecht	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Reigersbos	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Gein	m		A minor river in the province of Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Weesperzijde	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Dapperbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Betondorp	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Diamantbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Schinkelbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Stadionbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Apollobuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Duivelseiland	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Buitenveldert	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Zeeburg	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Watergraafsmeer	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Gaasperdam	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Admiralenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Amsteldorp	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Bellamybuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Borgerbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Borneo-eiland	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Java-eiland	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
KNSM-eiland	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Cruquiuseiland	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Chassébuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Cremerbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Disteldorp	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Elzenhagen	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Floradorp	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Gibraltarbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Leidsebuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Marathonbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Mercatorbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Museumkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Overtoombuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Planciusbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Sporenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Trompbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Tuttifruttidorp	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Vogeldorp	m		a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Monnickendam	m		a city and former municipality of Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Katwoude	m		a village and former municipality of Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Uitdam	m		a village in Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Zuiderwoude	m		a village in Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Achterdichting	m		a hamlet in Oostzaan, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Overleek	m		a hamlet in Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Zedde	m		a hamlet in Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Grotewerf	m		a hamlet in Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Moeniswerf	m		a hamlet in Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Rozewerf	m		a hamlet in Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Wittewerf	m		a hamlet in Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Markgouw	m		a neighbourhood of Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Binnengouw	m		a neighbourhood of Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Buitengouw	m		a neighbourhood of Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Havenbuurt	m		a hamlet in Waterland, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Edam-Volendam	m		a municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Hobrede	m		a village in Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
Kwadijk	m		a village and former municipality of Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
Middelie	m		a village and former municipality of Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
Oosthuizen	m		a village and former municipality of Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
Schardam	m		a village and former municipality of Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
Volendam	m		a village in Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
Etersheim	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
Axwijk	m		a hamlet in Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
Katham	m		a hamlet in Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
Verloreneinde	m		a hamlet in Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
Blokgouw	m		a neighbourhood of Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
Singelwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
Rozettenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Edam-Volendam, North Holland, Netherlands
Zeevang	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Purmerbuurt	m		a village in Purmerend, North Holland, Netherlands
Purmer	m		a hamlet in Purmerend, North Holland, Netherlands
Beemster	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Middenbeemster	m		a village in Purmerend, North Holland, Netherlands
Noordbeemster	m		a village in Purmerend, North Holland, Netherlands
Westbeemster	m		a village in Purmerend, North Holland, Netherlands
Zuidoostbeemster	m		a village in Purmerend, North Holland, Netherlands
Arenberg	m		a hamlet in Purmerend, North Holland, Netherlands
Klaterbuurt	m		a hamlet in Purmerend, North Holland, Netherlands
Overwhere	m		a neighbourhood of Purmerend, North Holland, Netherlands
Wheermolen	m		a neighbourhood of Purmerend, North Holland, Netherlands
Molenkoog	m		a neighbourhood of Purmerend, North Holland, Netherlands
Werktuigenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Purmerend, North Holland, Netherlands
Markenbinnen	m		a village and former municipality of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Oost-Graftdijk	m		a village in Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
West-Graftdijk	m		a village in Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Oterleek	m		a village and former municipality of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Oudorp	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Stompetoren	m		a village in Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Ursem	m		a village and former municipality of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Grootschermer	m		a village in Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Zuidschermer	m		a village in Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Kogerpolder	m		a hamlet in Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Omval	m		a hamlet in Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Nollen	m		a hamlet in Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Starnmeer	m		a hamlet in Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Kooimeer	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Dillenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Stadhouderskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Emmakwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Nassaukwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Cranenbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Bloemwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Burgemeesterskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Schermereiland	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Oudorperpolder	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Overdie	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Bergermeer	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Huiswaard	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Muiderwaard	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Vroonermeer	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Daalmeer	m		a neighbourhood of Alkmaar, North Holland, Netherlands
Schermer	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Jisp	m		a village and former municipality of Wormerland, North Holland, Netherlands
Neck	m		a village in Wormerland, North Holland, Netherlands
Wormerland	m		a municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Oostknollendam	m		a village in Wormerland, North Holland, Netherlands
Westknollendam	m		a village in Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Wormer	m		a village and former municipality of Wormerland, North Holland, Netherlands
Wijdewormer	m		a village and former municipality of Wormerland, North Holland, Netherlands
Engewormer	m		a hamlet in Wormerland, North Holland, Netherlands
Bartelsluis	m		a hamlet in Wormerland, North Holland, Netherlands
Plaszoom	m		a neighbourhood of Wormerland, North Holland, Netherlands
Landsmeer	m		a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Purmerland	m		a village in Landsmeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Oostzaan	m		a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Zaanstad	m		a municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Zaandam	m		a city and former municipality of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Assendelft	m		a village and former municipality of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Krommenie	m		a village and former municipality of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Westzaan	m		a village and former municipality of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Wormerveer	m		a village and former municipality of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Zaandijk	m		a village and former municipality of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Haaldersbroek	m		a hamlet in Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Hembrug	m		a hamlet in Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Krommeniedijk	m		a hamlet in Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Molletjesveer	m		a hamlet in Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Nauerna	m		a hamlet in Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Vrouwenverdriet	m		a hamlet in Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Weiver	m		a hamlet in Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Westzaner-Overtoom	m		a hamlet in Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Poelenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Peldersveld	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Hoornseveld	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Rosmolenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Kogerveld	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Boerejonkerbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Zaaneiland	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Westerkoog	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Rooswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Snuiverbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Rosarium	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
foodtruck	n	de · mv. foodtrucks	food truck
Noorderham	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Zuiderham	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Langeheit	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Saendelft	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Noorderhoofdbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Zuiderhoofdbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Hoofddorp	m		a town in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Abbenes	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Badhoevedorp	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Beinsdorp	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Buitenkaag	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Burgerveen	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Haarlemmerliede	m		a village and former municipality of Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Lisserbroek	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Nieuw-Vennep	m		a town in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Rijsenhout	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Spaarndam-Oost	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Spaarnwoude	m		a village and former municipality of Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Weteringbrug	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Zwaanshoek	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Zwanenburg	m		a village in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Aalsmeerderbrug	m		a hamlet in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Boesingheliede	m		a hamlet in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Cruquius-Oost	m		a hamlet in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Huigsloot	m		a hamlet in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Leimuiderbrug	m		a hamlet in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Penningsveer	m		a hamlet in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Vinkebrug	m		a hamlet in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Vredeburg	m		a hamlet in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Weberbuurt	m		a hamlet in Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Overbos	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Toolenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Vrijschot	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Floriande	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Linquenda	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Getsewoud	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlemmermeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Zuidschalkwijk	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Delftbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Zaanstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Spaarndam	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Spaarndam-West	m		a village in Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Zuid-Schalkwijk	m		a hamlet in Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Bakenes	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Heiliglanden	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Ripperdabuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Verzetsliedenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Sportsliedenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Kunstschildersbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Geschiedschrijversbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Landenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Stedenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Geleerdenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Den Helder, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Heemstede, North Holland, Netherlands
Geneesherenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Karolingenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Kruistochtbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Vogelenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Koninginnebuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Duinwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Amsterdamsewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Boerhaavewijk	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Slachthuiswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Hasselaersbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Garenkokerskwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Haarlemmerhout	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Waarderpolder	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Delftwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Dietsveld	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Schalkwijk	m		a village and former municipality of Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
Sinnevelt	m		a neighbourhood of Haarlem, North Holland, Netherlands
verstrooidheid	n	de · mv. verstrooidheden	absent-mindedness
abstractheid	n	de · mv. abstractheden	abstractness
aanvalsgeweer	n	het · mv. aanvalsgeweren	assault rifle
kluisverklaring	n	de · mv. kluisverklaringen	sealed statement
Heemstede	m		a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Berkenrode	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Heemstede, North Holland, Netherlands
Aerdenhout	m		a village in Bloemendaal, North Holland, Netherlands
Bennebroek	m		a village and former municipality of Bloemendaal, North Holland, Netherlands
Overveen	m		a village in Bloemendaal, North Holland, Netherlands
Letterkundigenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Zandvoort, North Holland, Netherlands
Velserbroek	m		a village in Velsen, North Holland, Netherlands
Santpoort-Noord	m		a village in Velsen, North Holland, Netherlands
Santpoort-Zuid	m		a village in Velsen, North Holland, Netherlands
Velsen-Noord	m		a village in Velsen, North Holland, Netherlands
Velsen-Zuid	m		a village in Velsen, North Holland, Netherlands
Hofgeest	m		a hamlet in Velsen, North Holland, Netherlands
Breesaap	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Beijnes	m		a neighbourhood of Beverwijk, North Holland, Netherlands
Meerestein	m		a neighbourhood of Beverwijk, North Holland, Netherlands
Zwaansmeer	m		a neighbourhood of Beverwijk, North Holland, Netherlands
Heemskerkerduin	m		a hamlet in Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands
Noorddorp	m		a hamlet in Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands
Commandeurs	m		a neighbourhood of Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands
Oosterzij	m		a hamlet in Heiloo, North Holland, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands
Breedweer	m		a neighbourhood of Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands
Beijnesbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands
Onderwijzersbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands
Kerkbeek	m		a neighbourhood of Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands
Hoogdorp	m		a neighbourhood of Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands
Assumburg	m		a neighbourhood of Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands
Slotherenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Heemskerk, North Holland, Netherlands
Assum	m		a hamlet in Uitgeest, North Holland, Netherlands
Limmerkoog	m		a hamlet in Uitgeest, North Holland, Netherlands
Castricum	m		a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Akersloot	m		a village and former municipality of Castricum, North Holland, Netherlands
Bakkum	m		a village and former municipality of Castricum, North Holland, Netherlands
Bakkum-Noord	m		a village in Castricum, North Holland, Netherlands
Dusseldorp	m		a village in Castricum, North Holland, Netherlands
Limmen	m		a village and former municipality of Castricum, North Holland, Netherlands
Heemstee	m		a hamlet in Castricum, North Holland, Netherlands
Noord-Bakkum	m		a hamlet in Castricum, North Holland, Netherlands
Oosterbuurt	m		a hamlet in Castricum, North Holland, Netherlands
Schulpstet	m		a hamlet in Castricum, North Holland, Netherlands
Starting	m		a hamlet in Castricum, North Holland, Netherlands
Stierop	m		a hamlet in Castricum, North Holland, Netherlands
Molendijk	m		a neighbourhood of Castricum, North Holland, Netherlands
Noord-End	m		a neighbourhood of Castricum, North Holland, Netherlands
Bollendorp	m		a hamlet in Heiloo, North Holland, Netherlands
Kaandorp	m		a hamlet in Heiloo, North Holland, Netherlands
Egmond-Binnen	m		a village and former municipality of Bergen, North Holland, Netherlands
Groet	m		a village and former municipality of Bergen, North Holland, Netherlands
Aagtdorp	m		a village in Bergen, North Holland, Netherlands
Bregtdorp	m		a village in Bergen, North Holland, Netherlands
Catrijp	m		a hamlet in Bergen, North Holland, Netherlands
Camperduin	m		a hamlet in Bergen, North Holland, Netherlands
Hargen	m		a hamlet in Bergen, North Holland, Netherlands
Rinnegom	m		a hamlet in Bergen, North Holland, Netherlands
Wimmenum	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Bergen, North Holland, Netherlands
Zanegeest	m		a hamlet in Bergen, North Holland, Netherlands
Egmondermeer	m		a hamlet in Bergen, North Holland, Netherlands
Egmond	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Noord-Scharwoude	m		a village and former municipality of Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands
Zuid-Scharwoude	m		a village and former municipality of Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands
Oudkarspel	m		a village and former municipality of Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands
Broekhorn	m		a hamlet in Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands
Draai	m		a hamlet in Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands
Frik	m		a hamlet in Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands
Pannekeet	m		a hamlet in Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands
Planetenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands
Edelstenenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands
Butterhuizen	m		a neighbourhood of Dijk en Waard, North Holland, Netherlands
Langedijk	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Avenhorn	m		a village and former municipality of Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Bobeldijk	m		a village in Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Grosthuizen	m		a village and former municipality of Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Hensbroek	m		a village and former municipality of Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Obdam	m		a village and former municipality of Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Scharwoude	m		a village and former municipality of Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Spierdijk	m		a village in Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Wogmeer	m		a village in Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Zuidermeer	m		a village in Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Berkmeer	m		a hamlet in Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Baarsdorpermeer	m		a hamlet in Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Kathoek	m		a hamlet in Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Obdammerdijk	m		a hamlet in Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Oostmijzen	m		a hamlet in Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Noord-Spierdijk	m		a hamlet in Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Zuid-Spierdijk	m		a hamlet in Koggenland, North Holland, Netherlands
Wester-Koggenland	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Noorder-Koggenland	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Koggenland	m		a municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Blokker	m		a village and former municipality of Hoorn, North Holland, Netherlands
Risdam	m		a neighbourhood of Hoorn, North Holland, Netherlands
Kersenboogerd	m		a neighbourhood of Hoorn, North Holland, Netherlands
Hoogkarspel	m		a village and former municipality of Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Oosterblokker	m		a village in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Oosterleek	m		a village in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Schellinkhout	m		a village and former municipality of Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Venhuizen	m		a village and former municipality of Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Westwoud	m		a village and former municipality of Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Wijdenes	m		a village and former municipality of Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Binnenwijzend	m		a hamlet in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Blokdijk	m		a hamlet in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Kraaienburg	m		a hamlet in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Leekerweg	m		a hamlet in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Munnickaij	m		a hamlet in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Oostergouw	m		a hamlet in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Oudijk	m		a hamlet in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Tersluis	m		a hamlet in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Westerbuurt	m		a hamlet in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Wijmers	m		a hamlet in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Zittend	m		a hamlet in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Oosterwijzend	m		a hamlet in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Westerwijzend	m		a hamlet in Drechterland, North Holland, Netherlands
Drechterland	m		a municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Bovenkarspel	m		a village and former municipality of Stede Broec, North Holland, Netherlands
Grootebroek	m		a village and former municipality of Stede Broec, North Holland, Netherlands
Poetin	m		a transliteration of the Russian surname Пу́тин (Pútin), Putin; Vladimir Putin; Russian president, 2012–current
Broekerhaven	m		a hamlet in Stede Broec, North Holland, Netherlands
Oosterweed	m		a neighbourhood of Stede Broec, North Holland, Netherlands
Princenhof	m		a neighbourhood of Stede Broec, North Holland, Netherlands
Oosterdijk	m		a village in Enkhuizen, North Holland, Netherlands
Gommerwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Enkhuizen, North Holland, Netherlands
Abbekerk	m		a village and former municipality of Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Andijk	m		a village and former municipality of Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Benningbroek	m		a village in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Hauwert	m		a village in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Lambertschaag	m		a village in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Nibbixwoud	m		a village and former municipality of Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Midwoud	m		a village and former municipality of Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Onderdijk	m		a village in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Opperdoes	m		a village and former municipality of Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Sijbekarspel	m		a village and former municipality of Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Twisk	m		a village and former municipality of Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Wervershoof	m		a village and former municipality of Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Zwaagdijk-Oost	m		a village in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Zwaagdijk-West	m		a village in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Wijzend	m		a hamlet in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Bennemeer	m		a hamlet in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Broerdijk	m		a hamlet in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Koppershorn	m		a hamlet in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Lekermeer	m		a hamlet in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Munnikij	m		a hamlet in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Veldhuis	m		a hamlet in Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Koggenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Medemblik, North Holland, Netherlands
Aartswoud	m		a village in Opmeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Hoogwoud	m		a village and former municipality of Opmeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Opmeer	m		a village and municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Wadway	m		a village in Opmeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Gouwe	m		a hamlet in Opmeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Zandwerven	m		a hamlet in Opmeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Abbekerkeweere	m		a hamlet in Opmeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Lagehoek	m		a hamlet in Opmeer, North Holland, Netherlands
Langereis	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Barsingerhorn	m		a village and former municipality of Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Breezand	m		a village in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Haringhuizen	m		a village in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Hippolytushoef	m		a village in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Kolhorn	m		a village in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Kreileroord	m		a village in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Lutjewinkel	m		a village in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Middenmeer	m		a village in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Slootdorp	m		a village in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Wieringerwaard	m		a village and former municipality of Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Wieringerwerf	m		a village in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Zijdewind	m		a village in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Blokhuizen	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Emaus	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Groetpolder	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Hogebieren	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Hollebalg	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Kreil	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Lutjekolhorn	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Moerbeek	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Mientbrug	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Noord-Stroe	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Noordburen	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Noorderbuurt	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands
Oosterklief	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Westerklief	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Poolland	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Smerp	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Spoorbuurt	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Terdiek	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Vennik	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Vatrop	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Verlaat	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Wateringskant	m		a hamlet in Hollands Kroon, North Holland, Netherlands
Grotewal	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Keinse	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Lagedijk	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Tjallewal	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Tolke	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Dirkshorn	m		a village in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Eenigenburg	m		a village in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Krabbendam	m		a village in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Tuitjenhorn	m		a village in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Valkkoog	m		a village in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Waarland	m		a village in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Warmenhuizen	m		a village and former municipality of Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Dijkstaal	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Grootven	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Schagerwaard	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Schoorldam	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Slootgaard	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Woudmeer	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Zijbelhuizen	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Zijpersluis	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Burgerbrug	m		a village in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Callantsoog	m		a village and former municipality of Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Petten	m		a village and former municipality of Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Schagerbrug	m		a village in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Abbestede	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Burgervlotbrug	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Keinsmerbrug	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Leihoek	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Mennonietenbuurt	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Stolpervlotbrug	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Bliekenbos	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Huiskebuurt	m		a hamlet in Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Waldervaart	m		a neighbourhood of Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Muggenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Schagen, North Holland, Netherlands
Nieuwe-Niedorp	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Oude-Niedorp	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Niedorp	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Wieringermeer	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Harenkarspel	m		a former municipality of North Holland, Netherlands
Huisduinen	m		a village in Den Helder, North Holland, Netherlands
Duinbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Den Helder, North Holland, Netherlands
Walvisvaarderbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Den Helder, North Holland, Netherlands
Landmetersbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Den Helder, North Holland, Netherlands
Oudeschild	m		a village in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands
Nieuweschild	m		a hamlet in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands
Bargen	m		a hamlet in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands
Dijkmanshuizen	m		a hamlet in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands
Harkebuurt	m		a hamlet in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands
Ongeren	m		a hamlet in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands
Spijkdorp	m		a hamlet in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands
Tienhoven	m		a village and former municipality of Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands; a hamlet in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands; a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Westermient	m		a hamlet in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands
Midden-Eierland	m		a hamlet in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands
Zuid-Eierland	m		a hamlet in Texel, North Holland, Netherlands
relevantie	n	de · mv. relevanties	relevance
Eesterga	m		a village in De Fryske Marren, Friesland, Netherlands
studentenjob	n	de · mv. studentenjobs	student job
Annerveenschekanaal	m		a village in Aa en Hunze, Drenthe, Netherlands
auw	i		ouch
Oldorp	m		a hamlet in Het Hogeland, Groningen, Netherlands
terugwijken	v	week terug – teruggeweken	to retreat (to move backwards or inward)
individualisering	n	de · mv. individualiseringen	individualization
Bunschoten	m		a city and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Spakenburg	m		a village in Bunschoten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Eemdijk	m		a village in Bunschoten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Broerswetering	m		a neighbourhood of Bunschoten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Bikkersvaart	m		a neighbourhood of Bunschoten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Blokhuiswetering	m		a neighbourhood of Bunschoten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Koenraadswetering	m		a neighbourhood of Bunschoten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Eemnes	m		a municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Eemnes-Binnen	m		a city in Eemnes, Utrecht, Netherlands
Eemnes-Buiten	m		a city in Eemnes, Utrecht, Netherlands
Noordbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Eemnes, Utrecht, Netherlands
Eembrugge	m		a city in Baarn, Utrecht, Netherlands
Soestdijk	m		a hamlet in Baarn, Utrecht, Netherlands
Amaliapark	m		a neighbourhood of Baarn, Utrecht, Netherlands
Eemdal	m		a neighbourhood of Baarn, Utrecht, Netherlands
Wilhelminapark	m		a neighbourhood of Baarn, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Pekingpark	m		a neighbourhood of Baarn, Utrecht, Netherlands
Schoonoordpark	m		a neighbourhood of Baarn, Utrecht, Netherlands
Bilthoven	m		a village in De Bilt, Utrecht, Netherlands
Groenekan	m		a village in De Bilt, Utrecht, Netherlands
Maartensdijk	m		a village and former municipality of De Bilt, Utrecht, Netherlands
Achterwetering	m		a hamlet in De Bilt, Utrecht, Netherlands
Dijnselburg	m		a neighbourhood of Zeist, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vollenhoven	m		a neighbourhood of Zeist, Utrecht, Netherlands
Griffensteijn	m		a neighbourhood of Zeist, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kersbergen	m		a neighbourhood of Zeist, Utrecht, Netherlands
Nijenheim	m		a neighbourhood of Zeist, Utrecht, Netherlands
Crosestein	m		a neighbourhood of Zeist, Utrecht, Netherlands
Brugakker	m		a neighbourhood of Zeist, Utrecht, Netherlands
Couwenhoven	m		a neighbourhood of Zeist, Utrecht, Netherlands
Blikkenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Zeist, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kerckebosch	m		a neighbourhood of Zeist, Utrecht, Netherlands
Soestduinen	m		a village in Soest, Utrecht, Netherlands
Soesterberg	m		a village in Soest, Utrecht, Netherlands
Melm	m		a hamlet in Soest, Utrecht, Netherlands
Wieksloot	m		a hamlet in Soest, Utrecht, Netherlands
Pijnenburg	m		a hamlet in Soest, Utrecht, Netherlands
Smitsveen	m		a neighbourhood of Soest, Utrecht, Netherlands
Overhees	m		a neighbourhood of Soest, Utrecht, Netherlands
Soesterveen	m		a neighbourhood of Soest, Utrecht, Netherlands
Klaarwater	m		a neighbourhood of Soest, Utrecht, Netherlands
Hooglanderveen	m		a village in Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Buurtsdijk	m		a hamlet in Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Coelhorst	m		a hamlet in Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Zeldert	m		a hamlet in Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Stoutenburg-Noord	m		a hamlet in Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Zonnehof	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Soesterkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Gildekwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Schothorst	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Nederlands-Nieuw-Guinea	m		Netherlands New Guinea (colonial territory)
Liendert	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Randenbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vermeerkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Leusderkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Langenoord	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Bieshaar	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Zielhorst	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Architectenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vlinderbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kattenbroek	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Emiclaer	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Calveen	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vathorst	m		a neighbourhood of Amersfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Duist	m		a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Achterveld	m		a village in Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of IJsselstein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Leusden-Zuid	m		a village in Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Stoutenburg	m		a village and former municipality of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Asschat	m		a hamlet in Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Jannendorp	m		a hamlet in Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Moorst	m		a hamlet in Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Musschendorp	m		a hamlet in Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Oud-Leusden	m		a hamlet in Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Snorrenhoef	m		a hamlet in Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Skipetaar	n	de · mv. Skipetaren	Shkypetar (an Albanian)
Bavoort	m		a hamlet in Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Akkerhoeve	m		a neighbourhood of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Alandsbeek	m		a neighbourhood of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Bosveld	m		a neighbourhood of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Claverenblad	m		a neighbourhood of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Groenhouten	m		a neighbourhood of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Hamersveld	m		a neighbourhood of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Langenbeek	m		a neighbourhood of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Noordwijck	m		a neighbourhood of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Rossenberg	m		a neighbourhood of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Rozenboom	m		a neighbourhood of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Wildenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Hamershof	m		a neighbourhood of Leusden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Woudenberg	m		a village and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Voskuilen	m		a hamlet in Woudenberg, Utrecht, Netherlands
Ekris	m		a hamlet in Woudenberg, Utrecht, Netherlands
Emminkhuizen	m		a hamlet in Renswoude, Utrecht, Netherlands
Schrijverswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Veenendaal, Utrecht, Netherlands
Dragonder	m		a neighbourhood of Veenendaal, Utrecht, Netherlands
Ruisseveen	m		a neighbourhood of Veenendaal, Utrecht, Netherlands
Petenbos	m		a neighbourhood of Veenendaal, Utrecht, Netherlands
Engelenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Veenendaal, Utrecht, Netherlands
Remmerden	m		a hamlet in Rhenen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Koerheuvel	m		a neighbourhood of Rhenen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Domineesberg	m		a neighbourhood of Rhenen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Maarsbergen	m		a village in Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Beerschoten	m		a hamlet in Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Breedeveen	m		a hamlet in Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Darthuizen	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Ginkel	m		a hamlet in Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Haagje	m		a hamlet in Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Palmstad	m		a hamlet in Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Sterkenburg	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Valkenheide	m		a hamlet in Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Hoenderdaal	m		a neighbourhood of Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Dennenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Beukenstein	m		a neighbourhood of Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht, Netherlands
Driebergen	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht,…
Rijsenburg	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug, Utrecht,…
Cothen	m		a village and former municipality of Wijk bij Duurstede, Utrecht, Netherlands
Langbroek	m		a village and former municipality of Wijk bij Duurstede, Utrecht, Netherlands
Dwarsdijk	m		a hamlet in Wijk bij Duurstede, Utrecht, Netherlands
Overlangbroek	m		a hamlet in Wijk bij Duurstede, Utrecht, Netherlands
Noorderwaard	m		a neighbourhood of Wijk bij Duurstede, Utrecht, Netherlands
Odijk	m		a village and former municipality of Bunnik, Utrecht, Netherlands
Werkhoven	m		a village and former municipality of Bunnik, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vechten	m		a hamlet in Bunnik, Utrecht, Netherlands
Rhijnauwen	m		a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Houten	m		a town and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Honswijk	m		a hamlet in Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Leebrug	m		a neighbourhood of Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Oud-Wulven	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Wayen	m		a hamlet in Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Tiellandt	m		a neighbourhood of Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Wulven	m		a neighbourhood of Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Schonenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Wernaar	m		a neighbourhood of Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Rijsbrug	m		a neighbourhood of Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Schonauwen	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Loerik	m		a neighbourhood of Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Overdam	m		a neighbourhood of Houten, Utrecht, Netherlands
Jutphaas	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Wijkersloot	m		a neighbourhood of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Zuilenstein	m		a neighbourhood of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Batau	m		a neighbourhood of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Doorslag	m		a neighbourhood of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Blokhoeve	m		a neighbourhood of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Galecop	m		a neighbourhood of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Fokkesteeg	m		a neighbourhood of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vreeswijk	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Merwestein	m		a neighbourhood of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Oudegein	m		a neighbourhood of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Zandveld	m		a neighbourhood of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Hoog-Zandveld	m		a neighbourhood of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Achtersloot	m		a hamlet in IJsselstein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kasteelkwartier	m		a neighbourhood of IJsselstein, Utrecht, Netherlands
IJsselveld	m		a neighbourhood of IJsselstein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Overwaard	m		a neighbourhood of IJsselstein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Zenderpark	m		a neighbourhood of IJsselstein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Groenvliet	m		a neighbourhood of IJsselstein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Everdingen	m		a village and former municipality of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Hagestein	m		a village and former municipality of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kedichem	m		a village and former municipality of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Leerbroek	m		a village and former municipality of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Schoonrewoerd	m		a village and former municipality of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Zijderveld	m		a village in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Diefdijk	m		a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Helsdingen	m		a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Hoogewaard	m		a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kortenhoeven	m		a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kortgerecht	m		a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Lakerveld	m		a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Middelkoop	m		a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Loosdorp	m		a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Ossenwaard	m		a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Overboeicop	m		a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Overheicop	m		a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Weverwijk	m		a hamlet in Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Zederik	m		a neighbourhood of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands; a former municipality of South Holland, Netherlands
Amaliastein	m		a neighbourhood of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Monnikenhof	m		a neighbourhood of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vijfheerenlanden	m		a municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Vijfheerenlanden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Benschop	m		a village and former municipality of Lopik, Utrecht, Netherlands
Cabauw	m		a village and former municipality of Lopik, Utrecht, Netherlands
Jaarsveld	m		a village and former municipality of Lopik, Utrecht, Netherlands
Lopikerkapel	m		a village in Lopik, Utrecht, Netherlands
Uitweg	m		a village in Lopik, Utrecht, Netherlands
Polsbroek	m		a village and former municipality of Lopik, Utrecht, Netherlands
Polsbroekerdam	m		a hamlet in Lopik, Utrecht, Netherlands
Zevender	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Lopik, Utrecht, Netherlands
Noord-Polsbroek	m		a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Zuid-Polsbroek	m		a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Oudewater	m		a city and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Hekendorp	m		a village and former municipality of Oudewater, Utrecht, Netherlands
Papekop	m		a village and former municipality of Oudewater, Utrecht, Netherlands
Diemerbroek	m		a hamlet in Oudewater, Utrecht, Netherlands
Hoenkoop	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Oudewater, Utrecht, Netherlands
Ruigeweide	m		a hamlet in Oudewater, Utrecht, Netherlands
Snelrewaard	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Oudewater, Utrecht, Netherlands
Tappersheul	m		a hamlet in Oudewater, Utrecht, Netherlands
Wulverhorst	m		a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Montfoort	m		a city and municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Cattenbroek	m		a hamlet in Montfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Knollemanshoek	m		a hamlet in Montfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Mastwijk	m		a hamlet in Montfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Willeskop	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Montfoort, Utrecht, Netherlands
Willige-Langerak	m		a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Plettenburg	m		a neighbourhood of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Laagraven	m		a neighbourhood of Nieuwegein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kanis	m		a village in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Zegveld	m		a village and former municipality of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Barwoutswaarder	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands; a neighbourhood of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Bekenes	m		a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Breeveld	m		a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Breudijk	m		a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Geestdorp	m		a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Gerverscop	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Harmelerwaard	m		a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Houtdijken	m		a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kromwijk	m		a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Lagebroek	m		a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Mijzijde	m		a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Oud-Kamerik	m		a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Putkop	m		a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Reijerscop	m		a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Teckop	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
Tournoysveld	m		a neighbourhood of Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
's-Gravensloot	m		a hamlet in Woerden, Utrecht, Netherlands
's-Gravesloot	m		a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Kamerik-Houtdijken	m		a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Kamerik-Mijzijde	m		a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Panoven	m		a neighbourhood of IJsselstein, Utrecht, Netherlands
Amstelhoek	m		a village in De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Baambrugge	m		a village in De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Waverveen	m		a village and former municipality of De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Botshol	m		a hamlet in De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Demmerik	m		a hamlet in De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Donkereind	m		a hamlet in De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Gemaal	m		a hamlet in De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Groenlandsekade	m		a hamlet in De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Nessersluis	m		a hamlet in De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Stokkelaarsbrug	m		a hamlet in De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vinkenkade	m		a hamlet in De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Oudhuizen	m		a former village and former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Abcoude-Baambrugge	m		a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Abcoude-Proosdij	m		a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Zuiderwaard	m		a neighbourhood of De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Westerheul	m		a neighbourhood of De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Veenzijde	m		a neighbourhood of De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Proosdij	m		a neighbourhood of De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Proostdijland	m		a neighbourhood of De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Molenland	m		a neighbourhood of De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Twistvlied	m		a neighbourhood of De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Wickelhof	m		a neighbourhood of De Ronde Venen, Utrecht, Netherlands
Loenersloot	m		a village and former municipality of Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Maarssen	m		a town and former municipality of Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Maarssenbroek	m		a village and former municipality of Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Nieuwersluis	m		a village in Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Nigtevecht	m		a village and former municipality of Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Oud-Zuilen	m		a village in Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Gieltjesdorp	m		a hamlet in Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kerklaan	m		a hamlet in Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kortrijk	m		a city in West Flanders, Flanders, Belgium; an arrondissement of West Flanders, Flanders, Belgium; a hamlet in Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Laag-Nieuwkoop	m		a hamlet in Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Maarsseveen	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Mijnden	m		a hamlet in Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Molenpolder	m		a hamlet in Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Nieuwerhoek	m		a hamlet in Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Oud-Aa	m		a hamlet in Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Oud-Maarsseveen	m		a hamlet in Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Portengen	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Scheendijk	m		a hamlet in Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Spengen	m		a hamlet in Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Breukelen-Nijenrode	m		a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Ruwiel	m		a former municipality of Utrecht, Netherlands
Broeckland	m		a neighbourhood of Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Friezenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Nijenrode	m		a neighbourhood of Stichtse Vecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Pijlsweerd	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Ondiep	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Geuzenwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Elinkwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Schaakbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Zuilen	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Overvecht	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vogelenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Lauwerecht	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Votulast	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Wittevrouwen	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Voordorp	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Watervogelbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Abstede	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Oudwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Rijnsweerd	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Galgenwaard	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Maarschalkerweerd	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Lunetten	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Bokkenbuurt	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Tolsteeg	m		a neighbourhood and former municipality of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Hoograven	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Rotsoord	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Dichterswijk	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Transwijk	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Kanaleneiland	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Papendorp	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Terwijde	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Strijkviertel	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Majellapark	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vleuterweide	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Nyevelt	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Leeuwesteyn	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Grauwaart	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Rijnvliet	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Vleuten	m		a village and former municipality of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Alendorp	m		a hamlet in Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Nedereindseweg	m		a hamlet in Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Ockhuizen	m		a hamlet in Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Oudenrijn	m		a hamlet and former municipality of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Stadsdam	m		a neighbourhood of Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Themaat	m		a hamlet in Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Rijnenburg	m		a hamlet in Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
Blauwkapel	m		a hamlet in Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
strontzat	a		very drunk, drunk as a wheelbarrow
terugdeinzen	v	deinsde terug – teruggedeinsd	to flinch, to recoil
tjapar	n	de	mung bean sprout(s), shoots of the mung bean
tjauwmin	n	de	chow mein
guleh	n	de	a soup made with beef or goat tripe and coconut milk, eaten with compressed…
binnenboord	d		on board
binnenboordmotor	n	de · mv. binnenboordmotoren	on-board engine
leeghozen	v	hoosde leeg – leeggehoosd	to scoop empty
Lijfland	m		Livonia
Lijflander	n	de · mv. Lijflanders	Livonian
Lijflands	a		Livonian
Lijfs	a		Livonian
insectenlarve	n	de · mv. insectenlarven	insect larva
stilleggen	v	legde stil – stilgelegd	to lay still; to pause, to abort
zoekfunctie	n	de · mv. zoekfuncties	search function
reparateur	n	de · mv. reparateurs	repairer
nijlbaars	n	de · mv. nijlbaarzen	Nile perch, Lates niloticus
zemel	n	de · mv. zemelen	bran; whiner, blatherer
kamergeleerde	n	de · mv. kamergeleerden	an academic or expert who mostly engages in theoretical work or speculation…
sollicitatieoproep	n	de · mv. sollicitatieoproepen	job advertisement, job posting
studeerkamergeleerde	n	de · mv. studeerkamergeleerden	an academic or expert who mostly engages in theoretical work or speculation…
inhaalzorg	n	de	delayed necessary healthcare that is in need of catching up
inhaalslag	n	de · mv. inhaalslagen	an attempt to catch up with something that has been postponed, a catch-up effort
insinuatie	n	de · mv. insinuaties	insinuation (act of implying; that which is hinted)
insinueren	v	insinueerde – geïnsinueerd	to insinuate, to imply, to hint
kennisvlucht	n	de	brain drain
braindrain	n	de · mv. braindrains	brain drain
baksies	n	de	dated spelling of baksis
aanloophaven	n	de · mv. aanloophavens	port of call
vertrekhaven	n	de · mv. vertrekhavens	port of departure
luchtdoelraket	n	de · mv. luchtdoelraketten	antiair rocket, antiair missile
luchtdoel	n	het · mv. luchtdoelen	aerial target; something that is to be targeted by antiair weaponry
raketinslag	n	de · mv. raketinslagen	the explosion, impact or visible or tangible damage (like an impact crater)…
inslagkrater	n	de · mv. inslagkraters	impact crater
stormgeweer	n	het · mv. stormgeweren	assault rifle
videoboodschap	n	de · mv. videoboodschappen	video message
controlepost	n	de · mv. controleposten	control post, checkpoint
grenspost	n	de · mv. grensposten	borderpost
grensovergang	n	de · mv. grensovergangen	border crossing
betalingsverkeer	n	het	traffic of payment transactions
handelssanctie	n	de · mv. handelssancties	trade sanction (measure related to trade intended to encourage compliance)
protesttocht	n	de · mv. protesttochten	protest march
protestmars	n	de · mv. protestmarsen	protest march
Cypriotisch	a		Cypriot
Cyprioot	n	de · mv. Cyprioten	Cypriot
marinebasis	n	de · mv. marinebases	naval base
machtsbasis	n	de · mv. machtsbases	base of power, power base
luchtmobiel	a		airmobile, airborne
scherfvest	n	het · mv. scherfvesten	ceramic vest
scherpschuttersgeweer	n	het · mv. scherpschuttersgeweren	sniper rifle
wijzerzin	n	de	clockwise direction
draagmoeder	n	de · mv. draagmoeders	surrogate mother
matjok	n	het	the local variant of mahjong most widely played in Suriname
bakfietser	n	de · mv. bakfietsers	someone who rides a cargo bike
mountainbiker	n	de · mv. mountainbikers	a mountain biker, one who rides a mountain bike
ligfietser	n	de · mv. ligfietsers	someone who rides a recumbent bicycle
thermobarisch	a		thermobaric
burgerslachtoffer	n	het · mv. burgerslachtoffers	civilian victim, civilian casualty
hoofddoel	n	het · mv. hoofddoelen	chief aim, main target
burgerdoel	n	het · mv. burgerdoelen	civilian target
potjandorie	i		darn, darn it
grafschrift	n	het · mv. grafschriften	epitaph
erecode	n	de · mv. erecodes	code of honour
kinderziekenhuis	n	het · mv. kinderziekenhuizen	children's hospital
kraamafdeling	n	de · mv. kraamafdelingen	maternity ward
gevechtssterkte	n	de	combat power
zorghotel	n	het · mv. zorghotels	care hotel
topoverleg	n	het · mv. topoverleggen	talks, especially negotiations, at the highest level; summit(s)
grenswacht	n	de · mv. grenswachten	a border guard (person); border guard (organisation)
cancelcultuur	n	de	cancel culture
adaptief	a		adaptive
vacuümbom	n	de · mv. vacuümbommen	vacuum bomb
touringcar	n	de · mv. touringcars	a long-distance, or privately hired, bus, a coach (vehicle)
brandstofprijs	n	de · mv. brandstofprijzen	fuel price
hemelsbreed	a		as the crow flies, direct, in a straight line; very stark or marked, hugely different
kilometerteller	n	de · mv. kilometertellers	odometer (instrument used for measuring the distance traveled by a vehicle)
informatieoorlog	n	de · mv. informatieoorlogen	information war
personenauto	n	de · mv. personenauto's	passenger car
uithongeren	v	hongerde uit – uitgehongerd	to starve (to subject to hunger, primarily in order to force into surrender…
Moldaviër	n	de · mv. Moldaviërs	Moldovian
Moldavisch	a		Moldovan
Wladimir	m		a male given name
omschakelen	v		to switch (over), to change (over) to reverse, to commute
onderschrift	n	het · mv. onderschriften	signature; caption (title or brief explanation attached to an illustration or cartoon)
wittebroodsweken	n		honeymoon (period of time immediately following a marriage)
doorverwijzing	n	de · mv. doorverwijzingen	referral; cross-reference
clustermunitie	n	de	cluster munition(s)
opvangplek	n	de · mv. opvangplekken	a place where one is received, (temporarily) accommodated, etc
substantieel	a		substantial; having or pertaining to substance, meaning or content; substantial, significant (having a nontrivvial quantity)
Kosovaars	a		Kosovar, Kosovan
kruisweg	n	de · mv. kruiswegen	Way of the Cross (stations depicting the Passion); Way of the Cross (religious devotion)
grondtroep	n	de · mv. grondtroepen	ground troop, ground force
aanvalsdrone	n	de · mv. aanvalsdrones	attack drone (unmanned aerial vehicle with attack capabilities)
droneaanval	n	de · mv. droneaanvallen	drone attack (attack by an unmanned aerial vehicle)
onaf	a		unfinished
uitmuntend	a		excellent, of the highest quality; mint, near-perfect
voorstelbaar	a		imaginable, possible
onvoorstelbaar	a		unimaginable, impossible
schietstoel	n	de · mv. schietstoelen	ejection seat, ejector seat
seponeren	v	seponeerde – geseponeerd	to dismiss (a case)
donderspeech	n	de · mv. donderspeechen	synonym of donderpreek
werktaal	n	de · mv. werktalen	working language (language that is given a unique legal status in an…; working language (language that a translator or interpreter works with)
handelsblok	n	het · mv. handelsblokken	trade bloc
politiechef	n	de · mv. politiechefs	police chief
hypersonisch	a		hypersonic
langeafstandsraket	n	de · mv. langeafstandsraketten	long-range missile, long-range rocket
luchtoverwicht	n	het	air superiority
wasvrouw	n	de · mv. wasvrouwen	washerwoman, laundress
aluminiumerts	n	het	aluminium ore
tinerts	n	het	tin ore
afhankelijkheid	n	de · mv. afhankelijkheden	dependence, dependency
hooggeplaatst	a		high-ranking
marineofficier	n	de · mv. marineofficieren	naval officer
geoïde	n	de · mv. geoïden	geoid
bijdrager	n	de · mv. bijdragers	contributor
vertolking	n	de · mv. vertolkingen	rendition (an interpretation or performance of an artwork, especially a…
hoogmoedig	a		haughty, supercilious, arrogant
Groot	m		a surname
treinbegeleider	n	de · mv. treinbegeleiders	a conductor, who checks/sells tickets on public transportation
sollicitatiegesprek	n	het · mv. sollicitatiegesprekken	job interview
Kinrooi	m		a village and municipality of Belgium
Kessenich	m		a village and former municipality of Kinrooi, Belgium
Molenbeersel	m		a village and former municipality of Kinrooi, Belgium
Geistingen	m		a village in Kinrooi, Belgium
opvouwen	v	vouwde op – opgevouwen	to fold, to furl
openvouwen	v	vouwde open – opengevouwen	to unfold (to undo a folding)
uitvouwen	v	vouwde uit – uitgevouwen	to spread out
Maaseik	m		a city and municipality of Belgium
Neeroeteren	m		a village and former municipality of Maaseik, Belgium
Opoeteren	m		a village and former municipality of Maaseik, Belgium
Aldeneik	m		a village in Maaseik, Belgium
Heppeneert	m		a hamlet in Maaseik, Belgium
Gremelslo	m		a hamlet in Maaseik, Belgium
Schootsheide	m		a hamlet in Maaseik, Belgium
Siemkensheuvel	m		a hamlet in Maaseik, Belgium
Voorshoven	m		a hamlet in Maaseik, Belgium
Wurfeld	m		a hamlet in Maaseik, Belgium
Dilsen-Stokkem	m		a city and municipality of Belgium
Dilsen	m		a village and former municipality of Dilsen-Stokkem, Belgium
Stokkem	m		a city and former municipality of Dilsen-Stokkem, Belgium
Lanklaar	m		a village and former municipality of Dilsen-Stokkem, Belgium
Rotem	m		a village and former municipality of Dilsen-Stokkem, Belgium
Boyen	m		a hamlet in Dilsen-Stokkem, Belgium
pontificaat	n	het · mv. pontificaten	pontificate
markizaat	n	het · mv. markizaten	marquisate
Gerdingen	m		a village and former municipality of Bree, Belgium
Opitter	m		a village and former municipality of Bree, Belgium
Gerkenberg	m		a hamlet in Bree, Belgium
Vostert	m		a hamlet in Bree, Belgium
Bocholt	m		a village and municipality of Belgium; a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
Kaulille	m		a village and former municipality of Bocholt, Belgium
Reppel	m		a village and former municipality of Bocholt, Belgium
Lozen	m		a village in Bocholt, Belgium
Meeuwen-Gruitrode	m		a former municipality of Belgium
Oudsbergen	m		a municipality of Belgium
gastgezin	n	het · mv. gastgezinnen	host family
podosiri	n	de	acai (the fruit of Euterpe oleracea, consumed as pulp, mousse, or juice)
vredespijp	n	de · mv. vredespijpen	peace pipe
afkondiging	n	de · mv. afkondigingen	proclamation, announcement. Usually of the coming into force of a regulation…
obsidiaan	n	het	obsidian
Adélieland	m		Adélie Land
onmogelijkheid	n	de · mv. onmogelijkheden	impossibility (quality of being impossible); impossibility (something that is impossible)
bowlinghal	n	de · mv. bowlinghallen	bowling alley
nefriet	n	de · mv. nefrieten	nephrite
Meert	m		a surname
medegevoel	n	het	compassion, sympathy, fellow-feeling
verkwikking	n	de · mv. verkwikkingen	refreshment
Grootendijk	m		a surname
micronova	n	de · mv. micronovae	a micronova
trapportaal	n	het · mv. trapportalen	stairwell
kaviaar	n	de	caviar
richtingsgevoel	n	het · mv. richtingsgevoelens	sense of direction
Surined	n	de · mv. Surineds	a Surinamese-Dutch person, a Dutch person of Surinamese descent; a member of…
fosforbom	n	de · mv. fosforbommen	phosphorus bomb (explosive munition containing white phosphorus)
Achel-Statie	m		a village in Hamont-Achel, Belgium
Hamont	m		a city and former municipality of Hamont-Achel, Belgium
Hamont-Achel	m		a municipality of Belgium
Boseind	m		a neighbourhood of Pelt, Belgium
Sint-Huibrechts-Lille	m		a village and former municipality of Pelt, Belgium
Holheide	m		a village in Pelt, Belgium
kapasie	n	de · mv. kapasies	armadillo
beeldwoordenboek	n	het · mv. beeldwoordenboeken	picture dictionary, visual dictionary
nevenschade	n	de	collateral damage
nevenschikkend	a		coordinating
onderschikkend	a		subordinating
minje	n	de/het · mv. minjonem	minyan
kucher	n	de · mv. kuchers	a cougher
Amelterbos	m		a forest in Drenthe, Netherlands
Asserbos	m		a forest in Drenthe, Netherlands
Mykolajiv	m		Mykolaiv, a city and oblast in Ukraine
bijsluiten	v	sloot bij – bijgesloten	to enclose; to include as an attachment
dwergnova	n	de · mv. dwergnovae	a dwarf nova
gereken	n	het	laborious computation
Gijsbert	m		a male given name
goedsmoeds	a		cheerful
levensruimte	n	de · mv. levensruimten	lebensraum
liefdesverhaal	n	het · mv. liefdesverhalen	love story
pretsigaret	n	de · mv. pretsigaretten	joint (marijuana cigarette)
globalisme	n	het	globalism
doorrijden	v	doorreed – doorreden	to ride or drive through; to ride from start to end; to continue riding or driving
ontrijden	v	ontreed – ontreden	to escape by riding, evade by riding; to lose by riding
watersnoodramp	n		flood
substraat	n	het · mv. substraten	substrate, substratum, underlying layer; substrate (surface whereon an organism grows or whereto it is attached); substrate (surface to which a substance adheres)
substraattaal	n	de · mv. substraattalen	substrate language (a region's or population's original language that has…
subliem	a		sublime
subtiliteit	n	de · mv. subtiliteiten	subtlety; something that is subtle
subliminaal	a		subliminal (under the threshold of conscious perception)
subarctisch	a		subarctic
subargument	n	het · mv. subargumenten	a subordinate argument; an argument that forms part of an overarching argument
substituut	n	het · mv. substituten	substitute, replacement, placeholder
substitutie	n	de · mv. substituties	substitution
substitueren	v	substitueerde – gesubstitueerd	to substitute, to replace
subordineren	v	subordineerde – gesubordineerd	to subordinate
subcutaan	a		subcutaneous
subordinatie	n	de · mv. subordinaties	subordination
submissie	n	de · mv. submissies	submission, submissiveness; submission (subset or component of a mission)
sublimaat	n	het · mv. sublimaten	mercuric chloride, sulema, corrosive sublimate; sublimate (product obtained by sublimation)
sublimiteit	n	de	sublimity
subsidiair	a		subsidiary, supplemental, replacing (especially if an earlier arrangement…
subsidieaanvraag	n	de · mv. subsidieaanvragen	an application for a subsidy (subvention)
onderhuids	a		subcutaneous, under the skin, hypodermic; not expressed, not readily perceptible
gelegenheidsargument	n	het · mv. gelegenheidsargumenten	an ad-hoc argument; an argument that is ventured opportunistically without…
braaknoot	n	de · mv. braaknoten	nux vomica, poison fruit (fruit); nux vomica, Strychnos nux-vomica (tree)
braaknotenboom	n	de · mv. braaknotenbomen	nux vomica, strychnine tree (Strychnos nux-vomica)
greppel	n	de · mv. greppels	trench, ditch
verkeerbord	n	het · mv. verkeerborden	a gameboard for verquere or a similar tables game; any board for a boardgame
verkeersvlieger	n	de · mv. verkeersvliegers	air transport pilot
verkeersboete	n	de · mv. verkeersboetes	traffic fine
verkeersregelaar	n	de · mv. verkeersregelaars	traffic controller, flagger, traffic guard
verkeerstoren	n	de · mv. verkeerstorens	air traffic control tower
verkeerscontrole	n	de · mv. verkeerscontroles	traffic check, traffic surveillance
verkeersdrempel	n	de · mv. verkeersdrempels	speed bump
verkeersheuvel	n	de · mv. verkeersheuvels	speed bump; traffic island
verkeerspolitie	n	de	traffic police
verkeersovertreding	n	de · mv. verkeersovertredingen	traffic violation, traffic offence
verkeersleiding	n	de · mv. verkeersleidingen	air traffic control
luchtverkeersleiding	n	de · mv. luchtverkeersleidingen	air traffic control
vervoersmiddel	n	het · mv. vervoersmiddelen	means of transportation, conveyance
tussenin	p		in between, in the space between them
tussenin	d		in between
kaalkop	n	de · mv. kaalkoppen	baldie
krombaanvuurmond	n	de · mv. krombaanvuurmonden	howitzer
krombaangeschut	n	het	curved-trajectory artillery
ongezond	a		unhealthy, harmful to health
Gooik	m		a village in Pajottegem, Flemish Brabant, Belgium
Oetingen	m		a village in Pajottegem, Flemish Brabant, Belgium
bereikbaarheid	n	de · mv. bereikbaarheden	the achievability or attainability of something; how difficult it is to arrive at a location
ruiterstandbeeld	n	het · mv. ruiterstandbeelden	a statue of a rider on horseback, an equestrian statue
ketelbink	n	de · mv. ketelbinken	a cabin boy
knalpijp	n	de · mv. knalpijpen	muffler, silencer (of an exhaust pipe)
traanolie	n	de	fish oil
heude	n	de · mv. heudes	hoy (small coaster vessel)
levensduurte	n	de · mv. levensduurten	cost of living
orichinees	a		relating to a knockoff, to a cheap imitation of a product by a well-known brand
gaslicht	n	het · mv. gaslichten	light produced by burning gas; a flame or lamp that emits such light
tuberkel	n	de · mv. tuberkels	tubercle (nodule); tubercle (nodule representing the typical lesion from tuberculosis)
Fjodor	m		a transliteration of the Russian male given name Фёдор (Fjódor)
Zuidnederfrankisch	m		South Low Franconian
plaatsingstoets	n	de · mv. plaatsingstoetsen	placement test
teut	a		tipsy
boterbriefje	n	het · mv. boterbriefjes	marriage certificate
BES-eilanden	m		BES Islands
wijnmeester	n	de · mv. wijnmeesters	son of a master, for example in the Guild of Saint Luke, a guild of painters…
rattenvanger	n		pied piper; ratcatcher
ADHD'er	n	de · mv. ADHD'ers	ADHDer, a person with ADHD
ongeparfumeerd	a		unperfumed
passantenhaven	n	de · mv. passantenhavens	visitor marina, visitor berthing, short-stay moorings
veevoer	n	het	fodder for livestock
Halle-Vilvoorde	m		an arrondissement of Flemish Brabant, Belgium
Waasland	m		a geographic region in northeastern East Flanders, Belgium
petrischaal	n		Petri dish
scrapen	v	scrapete – gescrapet	to scrape (of webpages)
Welshe	n	de · mv. Welshen	Welshwoman
gedragscode	n	de · mv. gedragscodes	code of conduct (set of rules to guide behaviour and decisions in a…
wegcode	n	de · mv. wegcodes	rules of the road (laws that govern driving, especially of motorists and…
treurmars	n	de · mv. treurmarsen	funeral march (mournful, deliberately-paced musical work suitable for a…
ulieden	r		Second-person plural pronoun you
HEERE	m		Typographical variant of Heere, particularly in Dutch translations of the Bible
Pajottenland	m		a historical region of Flemish Brabant, Flanders, Belgium
sneep	n	de · mv. snepen	nase, sneep (Chondrostoma nasus)
Voeren	m		a municipality of Limburg, Belgium
Zenne	m		Senne (a now partially covered river in Hainaut, Walloon Brabant and Flemish…
Tollembeek	m		a village in Pajottegem, Flemish Brabant, Belgium
Buitenzorg	m		Buitenzorg (a city and a residency in West Java, Dutch East Indies; modern…; a neighbourhood of Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
Bandoeng	m		dated spelling of Bandung
Emiel	m		a male given name from Latin, equivalent to English Emil
Sint-Niklaas	m		a city in East Flanders, Belgium
Sinaai	m		a village in Sint-Niklaas, East Flanders, Belgium
verkeerszuil	n	de · mv. verkeerszuilen	a traffic bollard carrying a traffic sign
Samber	m		the Sambre (a river in France and Belgium)
useneter	n	de · mv. useneters	a Usenetter
lullig	a		annoying, inconsiderate, unpleasant, dickish; disappointing, lackluster, meh
Bogaard	m		a surname
dodentempel	n	de · mv. dodentempels	mortuary temple (temple belonging to an ancient Egyptian tomb complex)
daltempel	n	de · mv. daltempels	valley temple (temple belonging to an ancient Egyptian tomb complex)
cenobiet	n	de · mv. cenobieten	cenobite
oestrogeen	n	de	estrogen
parkeerwachter	n	de · mv. parkeerwachters	parking attendant
teruglezen	v	las terug – teruggelezen	to re-read
hypotheekverstrekker	n	de · mv. hypotheekverstrekkers	mortgage lender
verstrekker	n	de · mv. verstrekkers	provider; issuer
bijbetalen	v	betaalde bij – bijbetaald	to pay extra
verzuimboete	n	de · mv. verzuimboeten	default penalty
motivatiebrief	n	de · mv. motivatiebrieven	cover letter
feodalisme	n	het	feudalism
referaat	n	het · mv. referaten	oral report, lecture, presentation; report, paper
aarsgewei	n	het · mv. aarsgeweien	a tramp stamp (tattoo on the lower back), especially a symmetrical tattoo…
uitscheiding	n	de · mv. uitscheidingen	secretion; excretion; elimination
secretie	n	het · mv. secreties	secretion
Demesmaeker	m		a surname
Nouwen	m		a surname
Roord	m		a surname
Beerensteyn	m		a surname
Casparij	m		a surname
zwemslip	n	de · mv. zwemslips	swimming trunks; swim briefs
Degeyter	m		a surname
herexamen	n	het · mv. herexamens	retake exam, resit
n**ken	v	n**kte – gen**kt	censored spelling of neuken (“fuck”)
n*uken	v	n*ukte – gen*ukt	censored spelling of neuken (“fuck”)
autorijden	v	reed auto – autogereden	to drive a car
waterlelie	n	de · mv. waterlelies	water lily
visteelt	n	de	pisciculture
fastfood	n	de/het	fast food
Denderleeuw	m		a municipality of East Flanders, Belgium
Denderwindeke	m		a village in Ninove, East Flanders, Belgium
Ninove	m		a city in East Flanders, Belgium
katern	n	het · mv. katernen	quire, folded pages of parchment or paper of a book, brochure or newspaper…
piepschuim	n	het	styrofoam
godsregering	n	de · mv. godsregeringen	theocracy
oorbaar	a		decent, proper
tekenhandeling	n	de · mv. tekenhandelingen	a symbolic action (action that conveys a message or symbolism)
lindeworm	n	de · mv. lindewormen	crocodile; giant snake; dragon
neulen	v		to gripe, whinge
lineair	a		linear (having the form of a line)
Audric	m		a male given name from French
ligniet	n	de/het	lignite, brown coal
slotvoogd	n	de · mv. slotvoogden	a castellan, a chatelain
Beersel	m		a village and municipality of Flemish Brabant, Belgium
Dworp	m		a village in Beersel, Flemish Brabant, Belgium
sjoenkelen	v	sjoenkelde – gesjoenkeld	to sway left and right to the rhythm of a song, usually while linking arms…
kostgrond	n	de · mv. kostgronden	a plot of rainforest cleared for subsistence agriculture; an allotment; a provision ground, a plot of land allocated to enslaved people for…
erfkraan	n	de · mv. erfkranen	an outdoor communal water tap serving several households
aaneenschrijven	v	schreef aaneen – aaneengeschreven	to spell (something) solid
concubant	n	de · mv. concubanten	male partner in a common-law marriage
concubaan	n	de · mv. concubanen	male partner in a common-law marriage
pajongwaaier	n	de · mv. pajongwaaiers	sycophant, flunkey, lackey, courtier, kowtower
Centraal-Azië	m		Central Asia (a landlocked geographic area of continental central Asia…
Oost-Azië	m		East Asia (a geographic region comprising the eastern part of Asia,…
Zuid-Azië	m		South Asia (a geographic region of Asia, comprising all the countries of the…
Zuidoost-Azië	m		Southeast Asia (a geographic region of Asia, comprising the territories of…
aftelklok	n	de · mv. aftelklokken	timer (device that times backwards)
alexithymie	n	de	alexithymia
meervoudigepersoonlijkheidsstoornis	n	de · mv. meervoudigepersoonlijkheidsstoornissen	dissociative identity disorder, multiple personality disorder
Boutersem	m		a municipality in Flemish Brabant province, Belgium
wijndruif	n	de · mv. wijndruiven	wine grape
daguitstap	n	de · mv. daguitstappen	day trip
overbevolking	n	de	overpopulation
leefomstandigheid	n	de · mv. leefomstandigheden	living condition
opoffering	n	de	sacrifice
zeerot	n	de · mv. zeerotten	old salt, seadog (sailor accustomed to the sea)
pokoe	n	de · mv. pokoes	a song, a track
Noer-Soeltan	m		Nur-Sultan (former name of Astana: the capital city of Kazakhstan, used from…
waterverkeer	n	het	waterborne traffic, traffic on water
verkeersinfarct	n	het · mv. verkeersinfarcten	a severe traffic jam, lasting for an extended period of time; ranging from a…
vleermuizenkast	n	de · mv. vleermuizenkasten	bat box, bat house
poelsnip	n	de · mv. poelsnippen	great snipe (Gallinago media)
stilzwijgend	a		tacit (implied, but not made explicit, especially through silence)
opsommingslijst	n	de · mv. opsommingslijsten	list (especially when bulleted or numbered)
opsommingsteken	n	het · mv. opsommingstekenen	bullet point (irrespective of the actual shape)
corporatie	n	de · mv. corporaties	corporation; society, association, especially an entity founded to pursue a common goal…
Theunis	m		a male given name
biodivers	a		biodiverse
zelfvernedering	n	de · mv. zelfvernederingen	self-abasement, self-humiliation
dienstweigeraar	n	de · mv. dienstweigeraars	someone refusing military service, a draft refuser
Brasschaat	m		a village and municipality of the province of Antwerp, Belgium
prikspijt	n	de	regret which one feels for having been socially or economically pressured…
Stadszicht	m		a neighbourhood of Tholen, Zeeland, Netherlands
wapendier	n	het · mv. wapendieren	a heraldic animal; a symbolic or totemic animal
jachtwapen	n	het · mv. jachtwapens	hunting weapon
familiewapen	n	het · mv. familiewapens	a family crest, a family's coat of arms
oorlogswapen	n	het · mv. oorlogswapens	weapon of war
krijgswapen	n	het · mv. krijgswapens	weapon of war
wapenuitrusting	n	de · mv. wapenuitrustingen	military gear, military equipment, weapons and armour combined
wapenproducent	n	de · mv. wapenproducenten	arms producer
wapenfabrikant	n	de · mv. wapenfabrikanten	arms producer (by means of manufacturing)
wapenbalk	n	de · mv. wapenbalken	fess
wapenembargo	n	het · mv. wapenembargo's	arms embargo
bangmakerij	n	de · mv. bangmakerijen	fearmongering, scaremongering, scare tactics
alarmistisch	a		alarmist
Eppie	m		a diminutive of the male given name Ep
ontdaan	a		emotionally moved, upset
zilverspar	n	de · mv. zilversparren	fir (any tree of the genus Abies)
aanstellerig	a		pretentious, hoity-toity, attracting too much attention and import to…
waringin	n	de	weeping fig ("the tree Ficus benjamina")
tijdrovend	a		time-consuming
ongeliefd	a		unloved; impopular
geurloos	a		odourless (UK), odorless (US), scentless, unscented
zelfmedelijden	n	het	self-pity
zelfmedelijdend	a		self-pitying, sorry for oneself, maudlin
dikvloeibaar	a		viscous
stroperig	a		syrupy, treacly, viscous
drinkbak	n	de · mv. drinkbakken	drinking trough
anijsmelk	n	de	anijsmelk
moederbank	n	de · mv. moederbanken	central bank
ontiegelijk	d		incredibly
wachtel	n	de · mv. wachtels	synonym of kwartel (“quail”)
tochtworst	n	de · mv. tochtworsten	a blanket or pillow used to block cold airflow in a poorly insulated building
godzijdank	i		thank God
eerwaard	a		A term of address used in direct address to a member of a Catholic monastic…; A term of address used in direct address to a Catholic parish priest; Reverend
zulte	n	de · mv. zulten	sea aster (Tripolium pannonicum)
vuurgevaarlijk	a		likely to use a firearm, armed and dangerous, trigger-happy
schraag	n	de · mv. schragen	trestle
schragen	v	schraagde – geschraagd	to support, reinforce
Maanfeest	m		Mid-Autumn Festival
voetenkraan	n	de · mv. voetenkranen	a water tap installed approximately at knee height that also functions in…
verbeeldingskracht	n	de · mv. verbeeldingskrachten	imagination, power of imagination (image-making faculty of the mind)
Twan	m		a male given name
faseruimte	n	de · mv. faseruimtes	phase space
donders	a		darned
donders	i		darn!
individualistisch	a		individualistic
poolcirkel	n	de · mv. poolcirkels	polar circle
Huizerhoef	m		an island of North Holland, Netherlands
Hooft	m		an island of North Holland, Netherlands
Warenar	m		an island of North Holland, Netherlands
Vuurtoreneiland	m		A small island nearby Amsterdam in the province of North Holland, Netherlands
Faljeril	m		an island in the Kagerplassen in South Holland, Netherlands
ov-fiets	n	de · mv. ov-fietsen	A bicycle offered for hire, mostly at train stations, as part of a national…
vermout	n	de · mv. vermouts	vermouth
vertekenen	v	vertekende – vertekend	to distort
scriptie	n	de · mv. scripties	thesis (lengthy essay)
neurodiversiteit	n	de	neurodiversity
preromaans	a		pre-Romanesque
romaans	a		Romanesque
moriaanshoofd	n	het · mv. moriaanshoofden	a Moor's head, usually a dark figurehead with an open mouth used as a shop sign
voorspraak	n	de	intercession before God; divine advocate, intercessor; advocate, pleader, intercessor
Eupen	m		Eupen, a town in German-speaking Community, province of Liège, Belgium
wetenswaardig	a		good to know, worth knowing
metaversum	n	het	metaverse
plaskrul	n	de · mv. plaskrullen	A type of curl-shaped public pissoir or vespasienne
naasting	n	de · mv. naastingen	nationalization
ideëel	a		idealistic
markoesa	n	de · mv. markoesa's	passion fruit
meervoudig	a		plural, multiple
potmeter	n		potentiometer
hertalen	v	hertaalde – hertaald	to adapt or rewrite a historic literary text that is difficult to read for a…
Drukker	m		a surname
hydrogenering	v		hydrogenation
rugpijn	n	de · mv. rugpijnen	backache, back pain
grondeigendom	n	het · mv. grondeigendommen	landed property; land ownership
autecologie	n	de	autecology
foggeren	v	foggerde – gefoggerd	to fumigate, to spread insecticide using a fogging device
benedenverdieping	n	de · mv. benedenverdiepingen	ground floor
Vervaeke	m		a surname
wellustig	a		lustful; sultry; voluptuous
ambtenares	n	de · mv. ambtenaressen	female civil servant
snelheidsbeperking	n	de · mv. snelheidsbeperkingen	speed limit
marconist	n	de · mv. marconisten	wireless operator (radiotelegraph operator)
tekortschieten	v	schoot tekort – tekortgeschoten	to fall short
tekortkomen	v	kwam tekort – tekortgekomen	to be short of (not have enough)
voorzienbaar	a		foreseeable
onvoorzienbaar	a		unforeseeable
onprettig	a		unpleasant, disagreeable
genoeglijk	a		agreeable, enjoyable, pleasant
succesverhaal	n	het · mv. succesverhalen	success story
huurcontract	n	het · mv. huurcontracten	lease, rental contract
nucleïnezuur	n	het · mv. nucleïnezuren	nucleic acid
kernzuur	n	het · mv. kernzuren	nucleic acid
onmens	n	de · mv. onmensen	evil or cruel person, brute, barbarian
hellebaard	n	de · mv. hellebaarden	halberd
subcategorie	n	de · mv. subcategorieën	subcategory
affreus	a		horrible, frightful, terrible
engnek	n	de · mv. engnekken	creep
Monegask	n	de · mv. Monegasken	Monégasque, Monacan (person from Monaco or of Monégasque descent)
Slowaak	n	de · mv. Slowaken	Slovakian, Slovak (person)
Anslo	m		Oslo (a city and municipality, the capital of Norway; official name: Oslo)
Ansloo	m		Oslo (a city and municipality, the capital of Norway; official name: Oslo)
vroondienst	n	de · mv. vroondiensten	corvee, serfs' unpaid labour for a lord of the manor
herendienst	n	de · mv. herendiensten	corvee, serfs' unpaid labour for a lord of the manor
vroon	n	de/het · mv. vronen	fishing water subject to manorial tenure; tax on the use of tenured fishing water, usually paid in a percentage of the…; allodium whereon serfs performed corvee
vroonland	n	het · mv. vroonlanden	allodial land of the lord of the manor that was reserved for personal use…
datgene	r		that (thing that), what, whatever (to designate an object antecedent before…
Brusselse	n	de · mv. Brusselsen	a woman from Brussels
landsdienaar	n	de · mv. landsdienaren	civil servant
Rammeloo	m		a surname
hanze	n	de · mv. hanzen	a mediaeval merchants' guild or association of traders, especially among the…
Hanzedag	n	de · mv. Hanzedagen	Hanseatic diet
Hindoestaans	a		Indian-Surinamese, of or pertaining to Surinamese people of Indian descent; Hindustani, pertaining to the Indo-Aryan language of which Hindi and Urdu…
Hindoestaans	m		Caribbean Hindustani, an Indo-Aryan language based on Bhojpuri and Awadhi…; Hindustani, the Indo-Aryan language of which Hindi and Urdu are literary…
huiskrekel	n	de · mv. huiskrekels	house cricket, Acheta domesticus
hoorndragersgild	n	het	cuckoldom, male cuckolds and wittols collectively
Stedenhanze	m		Hanseatic League of Cities (loose association of the governments of towns…
Gepide	n	de · mv. Gepiden	Gepid (member of an East Germanic tribe)
Krimgoot	n	de · mv. Krimgoten	Crimean Goth
Krimgotisch	m		the Crimean Gothic language
Krimgotisch	a		Crimean Gothic
zwavelstokje	n	het · mv. zwavelstokjes	matchstick (piece of wood)
diaklaroen	n	de	Centropogon cornutus
gadofowroe	n	de · mv. gadofowroe's	house wren (Troglodytes aedon)
loostrens	n	de · mv. loostrenzen	drainage canal
calimerocomplex	n	het · mv. calimerocomplexen	the feeling that one is being treated unfairly because one is smaller or has…
Bouta	m		Dési Bouterse
Brunsie	m		Ronnie Brunswijk
ossewit	n	de	beef tallow
welloe	r		nothing
welloe	t		no
winddicht	a		windtight
schoolvoorbeeld	n	het · mv. schoolvoorbeelden	textbook case
overnaads	d		using the clinker-built technique, pertaining to clinker-work
overnaads	a		clinker-built, pertaining to clinker-work
heksenverbranding	n	de · mv. heksenverbrandingen	witch burning (stereotypical but in fact relatively uncommon method of…
heugelijk	a		joyous, festive; memorable
scheepstype	n	het · mv. scheepstypen	ship type
brigantijn	n	de · mv. brigantijnen	brigantine
kleurvlak	n	het · mv. kleurvlakken	colour area; colour block
enterbijl	n	de · mv. enterbijlen	boarding axe
slavenhuis	n	het · mv. slavenhuizen	house of bondage (place where one is held in slavery); a house where slaves reside
intolerabel	a		intolerable
ervandoor	d		off (far away)
taalhandeling	n	de · mv. taalhandelingen	speech act
empirie	n	de	empirical knowledge
Pistorius	m		Pistorius: a surname originating as an occupation
afnokken	v	nokte af – afgenokt	to stop
touren	v	tourde – getourd	to tour
Blomkamp	m		Blomkamp: a surname, equivalent to English Bloomfield
partnergeweld	n	het	domestic violence between people who have or have had an intimate…
bestelbon	n	de · mv. bestelbonnen	purchase order
leveringsbon	n	de · mv. leveringsbonnen	delivery note
voorraadbeheer	n	het · mv. voorraadbeheren	inventory management, stock management, stock control
sollicitatiebrief	n	de · mv. sollicitatiebrieven	cover letter
vindingrijkheid	n	de · mv. vindingrijkheden	inventiveness; resourcefulness; contrivance
amerikanisering	n	de	Americanization
mastspoor	n	het · mv. mastsporen	mast step (support structure fixing a mast to the keel or deck; either a…
vrijstelling	n	de · mv. vrijstellingen	exemption, status of not having to comply with something; exemption, act of making someone or something exempt
levensader	n	de/het · mv. levensaders	a vital route of traffic or communication; an artery, a lifeline
rivierenstelsel	n	het · mv. rivierenstelsels	river system
weger	n	de · mv. wegers	a weigher; someone, especially an official, who weighs objects; a keelson
zaathout	n	het · mv. zaathouten	a heavy keelson, especially of a cog, often enveloping the mast step
tolplichtig	a		tollable, liable to paying a toll
stapelrecht	n	het · mv. stapelrechten	staple right (right of a town, operating in a specified area, to compel…
kreek	n	de · mv. kreken	a small inlet or gully of the sea, a creek (UK meaning)
houtmonster	n	het · mv. houtmonsters	wood sample
stroomsnelheid	n	de · mv. stroomsnelheden	flow rate; flow velocity
landweg	n	de · mv. landwegen	land route, land road; rural road
graadmeter	n	de · mv. graadmeters	an indicator or point of reference, usually a figurative one for an…
rivieroever	n	de · mv. rivieroevers	river bank
taalhistorisch	a		pertaining to the history of language
raakvlak	n	het · mv. raakvlakken	tangent plane; overlap, common ground, interface
vindplaats	n	de · mv. vindplaatsen	a finding place, the site where something is discovered, excavated or where…
kustvaart	n	de · mv. kustvaarten	coastal navigation
langeafstandshandel	n	de	long-distance trade
drijfkraan	n	de · mv. drijfkranen	floating crane, crane vessel
gildelid	n	het · mv. gildeleden	guild member
levensonderhoud	n	het	livelihood, sustenance (means of supporting one's life)
bloeiperiode	n	de · mv. bloeiperioden	flowering season, blooming season; boom period, period of flourishing
retweeten	v	retweette – geretweet	to retweet
demi-saison	n	de · mv. demi-saisons	a transitional jacket (outerwear suitable for temperate times of year)
eenpersoonszaak	n	de · mv. eenpersoonszaken	sole trader
wolfshonger	n	de	ravenous hunger
hulpboekhouder	n	de · mv. hulpboekhouders	assistant accountant, accounting assistant
meekrijgen	v	kreeg mee – meegekregen	to get something when leaving, to receive as a gift
rivierslib	n	het	river silt
tredkraan	n	de · mv. tredkranen	treadwheel crane
bouwhout	n	het	wood intended for construction, lumber
antiquiteit	n	de · mv. antiquiteiten	antique; old object, esp. an artefact; antiquity, event from ancient times, esp. from Antiquity
handelsroute	n	de · mv. handelsroutes	trade route
mosbreeuwsel	n	het	moss caulking
breeuwsel	n	het	caulking, caulk
laadvermogen	n	het · mv. laadvermogens	load capacity, tonnage (of a vehicle, vessel, aircraft, etc.); charge capacity (of a battery)
zeegaand	a		seagoing, overseas
omslaghaven	n	de · mv. omslaghavens	transshipment harbour, transshipment port
inventariseren	v	inventariseerde – geïnventariseerd	inventory, take stock
kaperoorlog	n	de · mv. kaperoorlogen	privateering war
handelsstelsel	n	het · mv. handelsstelsels	trading system
starheid	n	de	rigidity, stiffness
bouwwijze	n	de · mv. bouwwijzen	construction method
stootkussen	n	het · mv. stootkussens	an object or protective layer intended to absorb kinetic impacts; a bumper,…
stevenroer	n	het · mv. stevenroeren	stern rudder
foliant	n	de · mv. folianten	book printed in folio size
stevenhaak	n	de · mv. stevenhaken	hook (knee-shaped wooden join forming the transition of the keel to the bow…
zijroer	n	het · mv. zijroeren	side rudder
hoogteroer	n	het · mv. hoogteroeren	elevator
druivenoogst	n	de · mv. druivenoogsten	grape harvest
wipkraan	n	de · mv. wipkranen	jib crane
stroomregime	n	het · mv. stroomregimes	flow regime
duigenbak	n	het · mv. duigenbakken	shallow-stave bowl
concurrentiepositie	n	de · mv. concurrentieposities	competitiveness, competitive position
meuzie	n	de · mv. meuzies	mosquito
dispens	n	de · mv. dispensen	pantry, stock room
laveren	v	laveerde – gelaveerd	to tack, to beat up (to manoeuvre by turning a sailing vessel's bow through…; to manoeuvre carefully in order to ride something out, to zigzag, to…; to walk with a swaying zigzag, usually unsteadily and aimlessly, especially…
dendrochronologisch	a		dendrochronological
vorstenhof	n	het · mv. vorstenhoven	a princely court; any court of a monarch
handelsvoorrecht	n	het · mv. handelsvoorrechten	trading privilege
handelsprivilege	n	het · mv. handelsprivileges	trading privilege
bronnenkritiek	n	de	source criticism
machtsaanspraak	n	de · mv. machtsaanspraken	claim to power
onnavolgbaar	a		matchless, incomparable, inimitable
huidgang	n	de · mv. huidgangen	strake
zelfreflectie	n	de · mv. zelfreflecties	self-reflection
oogziekte	n	de · mv. oogziekten	eye disease
uittreding	n	de · mv. uittredingen	act of leaving, withdrawal, departure
sanctioneren	v	sanctioneerde – gesanctioneerd	to sanction, to approve, to enforce; to sanction, to punish
staatsmacht	n	de · mv. staatsmachten	state power; organ of state
stapelpolitiek	n	de	policy of acquiring and enforcing a staple right
onderhandelingspositie	n	de · mv. onderhandelingsposities	negotiating power, negotiating position; negotiating position, opinion on a matter subject to negotiation
ludduvuddu	n	het	synonym of liefdesverdriet
postelein	n	de	purslane, any of the family Portulacaceae (order Caryophyllales) of…
grondwaterspiegel	n	de · mv. grondwaterspiegels	groundwater level
grondwaterpeil	n	het · mv. grondwaterpeilen	groundwater level
beginstadium	n	het · mv. beginstadia	initial stage
rijksstad	n	de · mv. rijkssteden	imperial city of the Holy Roman Empire, free and imperial city
tolvrijstelling	n	de · mv. tolvrijstellingen	toll exemption
oceaanreus	n	de · mv. oceaanreuzen	a large ocean-sailing ship
overslaghaven	n	de · mv. overslaghavens	transshipment harbour, transshipment port
tegenprestatie	n	de · mv. tegenprestaties	something done or rendered in return for something else, something done or…
besluitvormingsketen	n	de · mv. besluitvormingsketens	chain of decision making
beslaglegging	n	de · mv. beslagleggingen	confiscation, seizure, attachment
steenbakkerij	n	de · mv. steenbakkerijen	brickyard, brick kiln
steenbakker	n	de · mv. steenbakkers	brickyard, brick kiln
familiegelijkenis	n	de · mv. familiegelijkenissen	family resemblance (similar aspect between biological family); family resemblance (one of a series of overlapping similarities between two…
Keuls	a		of, from or pertaining to Cologne
Keuls	m		Colognian, Ripuarian dialect of Cologne
waskaars	n	de · mv. waskaarsen	wax candle, waxen candle
beeldhouwster	n	de · mv. beeldhouwsters	female sculptor
drugshandelaar	n	de · mv. drugshandelaars	drug trafficker
pubquiz	n	de · mv. pubquizzen	pub quiz
geneeskundestudent	n	de · mv. geneeskundestudenten	medical student
voedingsdeskundige	n	de · mv. voedingsdeskundigen	nutritionist
kerspel	n	het · mv. kerspels	parish; jurisdictional area comprised by that of a (former) parish
strokarton	n	het	strawboard; strawboard industry
Amstelkwartier	m		a neighborhood of Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Vondelpark	m		a large and central park in Amsterdam
Diemerpark	m		a large park between the suburb Diemen and the neighborhood of IJburg, Amsterdam
Zeeburgereiland	m		A man-made island in the IJ and neighborhood (a part of IJburg) in eastern…
Steigereiland	m		A man-made island in the IJ and neighborhood (a part of IJburg) in eastern…
IJmeer	m		A lake in the Netherlands between Amsterdam and Almere; formerly part of the…
sanering	n	de · mv. saneringen	redevelopment, restructuring, reorganization; sanitization, making something healthier or less polluted
pelorie	n	de · mv. pelorieën	peloria
koggeachtig	a		cog-like, resembling a cog (ship type of the High Middle Ages)
handelspolitiek	n	de	trade politics, trade policy
handelspolitiek	a		relating to trade politics
adresboek	n	het · mv. adresboeken	address book
nasla	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of naslaan
stamhertogdom	n	het · mv. stamhertogdommen	stem duchy (one of the duchies of the Carolingian Empire that originated…
voorverpakt	a		prepackaged
binnenlopen	v	liep binnen – binnengelopen	to enter, to walk inside; to enter a harbour, to enter port; to earn a considerable of money
navorsing	n	de · mv. navorsingen	research
druisen	v	druiste – gedruist	to clamor, rage, make noise
steriel	a		sterile
bitawiri	n	de	Cestrum latifolium, the young leaves of which are eaten as a vegetable
bejegenen	v	bejegende – bejegend	to treat (someone)
Dijksteel	m		a surname
Kuijt	m		a surname
Westerik	m		a surname
welteverstaan	d		that is, to be precise
terugschakelen	v		to downshift
concubinaat	n	het	concubinage
lenteweer	n	het	spring weather
zomerweer	n	het	summer weather
herfstweer	n	het	autumn weather
winterweer	n	het	winter weather
plensweer	n	het	very rainy weather
prachtweer	n	het	beautiful weather, good weather
weerlezer	n	de · mv. weerlezers	weatherman, weather anchor
weerlezeres	n	de · mv. weerlezeressen	a female weather anchor
langsgaan	v	ging langs – langsgegaan	to visit; to pass, to pass by
samengaan	v	ging samen – samengegaan	to fit together, to match; to fuse
neergaan	v	ging neer – neergegaan	to go down, to descend; to get knocked out
inlopen	v	liep in – ingelopen	to walk in, to enter by walking; to catch up (to reach something that had been ahead); to make up for lost time, to catch up on something that one has missed or…
nalopen	v	liep na – nagelopen	to check or verify information that one received earlier; to walk or chase after someone or something
hebberig	a		greedy
zwartwerk	n	het	undeclared work
briefgeld	n	het · mv. briefgelden	paper money
bibbergeld	n	het	danger pay
stageld	n	het	pitch fee
staangeld	n	het	pitch fee
geldgebrek	n	het · mv. geldgebreken	lack of money
reisgeld	n	het · mv. reisgelden	travel money
watertrappelen	v	trappelde water – watergetrappeld	to tread water
Middelzee	m		the estuary of the river Boorne, which until the High Middle Ages separated…
maaiveldcultuur	n	de · mv. maaiveldculturen	tall poppy syndrome
donzig	a		fluffy, downy
krabbenmentaliteit	n	de	crab mentality (the tendency to thwart a successful person out of envy)
srefidensi	n	de	the state or quality of Suriname being an independent sovereign nation; Surinamese Independence Day, a national holiday observed in Suriname…
strontpot	n	de · mv. strontpotten	chamber pot, shitpot
wegrijden	v	reed weg – weggereden	to drive away
rondrijden	v	reed rond – rondgereden	to drive around
langsrijden	v	reed langs – langsgereden	to drive past
terugrijden	v	reed terug – teruggereden	to drive back
boerenverstand	n	het	horse sense (common sense, especially with a connotation of folk wisdom that…
vluchtmisdrijf	n	het · mv. vluchtmisdrijven	hit and run (the crime of causing an accident, as with a motor vehicle, and…
zwakkeling	n	de · mv. zwakkelingen	weakling
invoegen	v	voegde in – ingevoegd	to insert; put in the middle; put in between
vrijwilligen	v	vrijwilligde – gevrijwilligd	to volunteer
koeterwalen	v	koeterwaalde – gekoeterwaald	to babble, speak an unknown language
gekoeterwaal	n	het	babbling
gebabbel	n	het	babbling, chatter
gekeuvel	n	het	babbling, chatter
gemompel	n	het	muttering, mumbling
geprevel	n	het	muttering, mumbling
gejengel	n	het	whining, nagging
gezanik	n	het	whining, nagging
filosoferen	v	filosofeerde – gefilosofeerd	to philosophize
gefilosofeer	n	het	philosophizing
stommelen	v	stommelde – gestommeld	to make a low or subdued noise while walking; stumble
gestommel	n	het	Action noun of stommelen
geschuifel	n	het	shuffling
gedram	n	het	nagging
mekkeren	v	mekkerde – gemekkerd	to bleat; to whine
gemekker	n	het	bleating; whining
gevloek	n	het	cursing, swearing
stuud	n	de · mv. stuuds	nerd, overly studious pupil of an elementary or secondary school
ronddraaien	v		to rotate, to turn round
ongebreideld	a		unbridled
onversaagd	a		unwavering, stout-hearted, undaunted
Facebooker	n	de · mv. Facebookers	facebooker, a person using Facebook
quizvraag	n	de · mv. quizvragen	pub quiz question
sportkleding	n	de	sportswear
familieomstandigheden	n		family circumstances
Bruynzeel	m		a surname
mobilofoon	n	de · mv. mobilofoons	a mobile radio used in vehicles, such as a citizens' band radio
mess:r	n	de · mv. mess:rs	monsieur
kwebbelkous	n	de · mv. kwebbelkousen	chatterbox
gekwebbel	n	het	chatter
snateren	v	snaterde – gesnaterd	to quack
uitstrijkje	n	het · mv. uitstrijkjes	Pap smear
zomergast	n	de · mv. zomergasten	a guest, particularly a tourist, during summer; a migratory bird present in a given region only during summer
wintergast	n	de · mv. wintergasten	a guest, particularly a tourist, during winter; a migratory bird present in a given region only during winter
broedvogel	n	de · mv. broedvogellen	a bird that breeds in a given region
doortrekker	n	de · mv. doortrekkers	a migratory bird that does not reside in a given region, but passes through…
deeltrekker	n	de · mv. deeltrekkers	a migratory bird species of which some birds migrate away from a given…
Gouwzee	m		a lake in the Netherlands, specifically the part of the Markermeer that is…
rampgebied	n	het · mv. rampgebieden	disaster area
geboorteland	n	het · mv. geboortelanden	birthland, homeland (one's country of birth)
rechtenstudent	n	de · mv. rechtenstudenten	law student
terechtkunnen	v	kon terecht – terechtgekund	to be able to reach, to address, to turn to; to be able to access
samenzijn	n	het	a get-together, a gathering
diskjockey	n	de · mv. diskjockeys	DJ, disc jockey
studentenvereniging	n	de · mv. studentenverenigingen	student society, student association, student club
complicatie	n	de · mv. complicaties	complication, entanglement; complication
bedrijfskunde	n	de	business administration (course of study in higher education intended to…
edelheid	n	de · mv. edelheden	nobility, nobleness
krooneend	n	de · mv. krooneenden	red-crested pochard (Netta rufina)
grondeleend	n	de · mv. grondeleenden	dabbling duck
zwemeend	n	de · mv. zwemeenden	dabbling duck
duikeend	n	de · mv. duikeenden	diving duck
takke-eind	n	het · mv. takke-einden	a long distance
soepeend	n	de · mv. soepeenden	synonym of tamme eend (“domestic duck”)
synaps	n	de · mv. synapsen	synapse
appelvink	n	de · mv. appelvinken	hawfinch (Coccothraustes coccothraustes)
koereiger	n	de · mv. koereigers	the western cattle egret, Bubulcus ibis
Trintelzand	m		an artificial archipelago in lake Markermeer near Enkhuizen
vrijthof	n	het · mv. vrijthoven	forecourt of a church; enclosed court
zaagbek	n	de · mv. zaagbekken	merganser (any bird in the genus Mergus)
rietzanger	n	de · mv. rietzangers	the sedge warbler, Acrocephalus schoenobaenus
Weens	a		Viennese
Wener	n	de · mv. Weners	a Viennese; an inhabitant of Vienna
Weense	n	de · mv. Weensen	a female Viennese; a woman from Vienna
rietgors	n	de · mv. rietgorzen	reed bunting (Emberiza schoeniclus)
karekiet	n	de · mv. karekieten	any reed warbler (any bird of the genus Acrocephalus; not necessarily…
bosrietzanger	n	de · mv. bosrietzangers	marsh warbler (Acrocephalus palustris)
bladkoning	n	de · mv. bladkoningen	the yellow-browed warbler, Phylloscopus inornatus
buffelkopeend	n	de · mv. buffelkopeenden	bufflehead (Bucephala albeola)
brilduiker	n	de · mv. brilduikers	goldeneye (Bucephala clangula)
griel	n	de · mv. grielen	Eurasian stone-curlew (Burhinus oedicnemus)
goudhaan	n	de · mv. goudhanen	goldcrest (Regulus regulus); synonym of goudhaantje (“Chrysomelinae beetle”)
alleenspraak	n	de · mv. alleenspraken	monologue
karaoken	v	karaookte – gekaraookt	to karaoke, to perform karaoke
veldiep	n	de · mv. veldiepen	field elm
geodriehoek	n	de · mv. geodriehoeken	set square
mifepriston	n		mifepristone
loftuiting	n	de · mv. loftuitingen	praise, compliment
bosruiter	n	de · mv. bosruiters	wood sandpiper (Tringa glareola)
groenpootruiter	n	de · mv. groenpootruiters	common greenshank, Tringa nebularia
terekruiter	n	de · mv. terekruiters	Terek sandpiper (Xenus cinereus)
poelruiter	n	de · mv. poelruiters	marsh sandpiper, Tringa stagnatilis
vliegvlug	a		full-fledged, capable of flight
koperwiek	n	de · mv. koperwieken	redwing (Turdus iliacus)
kramsvogel	n	de · mv. kramsvogellen	fieldfare (Turdus pilaris)
drerrie	n	de · mv. drerries	buddies, guy friends
alexanderparkiet	n	de · mv. alexanderparkieten	red-breasted parakeet (Psittacula alexandri)
grasparkiet	n	de · mv. grasparkieten	budgerigar (Melopsittacus undulatus)
boompieper	n	de · mv. boompiepers	tree pipit (Anthus trivialis)
duinpieper	n	de · mv. duinpiepers	tawny pipit (Anthus campestris)
graspieper	n	de · mv. graspiepers	the meadow pipit, Anthus pratensis
oeverpieper	n	de · mv. oeverpiepers	rock pipit (Anthus petrosus)
roodkeelpieper	n	de · mv. roodkeelpiepers	red-throated pipit (Anthus cervinus)
waterpieper	n	de · mv. waterpiepers	water pipit (Anthus spinoletta)
fluitenkruid	n	het	cow parsley (Anthriscus sylvestris)
ijseend	n	de · mv. ijseenden	long-tailed duck (Clangula hyemalis)
witoogeend	n	de · mv. witoogeenden	ferruginous duck (Aythya nyroca)
bronskopeend	n	de · mv. bronskopeenden	falcated duck (Anas falcata, syn. Mareca falcata)
harlekijneend	n	de · mv. harlekijneenden	harlequin duck (Histrionicus histrionicus)
knobbeleend	n	de · mv. knobbeleenden	knob-billed duck (Sarkidiornis melanotos)
witkopeend	n	de · mv. witkopeenden	white-headed duck (Oxyura leucocephala)
mandarijneend	n	de · mv. mandarijneenden	mandarin duck (Aix galericulata)
marmereend	n	de · mv. marmereenden	marbled duck (Marmaronetta angustirostris)
ringsnaveleend	n	de · mv. ringsnaveleenden	ring-necked duck (Aythya collaris)
lepelbekeend	n	de · mv. lepelbekeenden	pink-eared duck (Malacorhynchus membranaceus)
coromandeleend	n	de · mv. coromandeleenden	cotton pygmy goose (Nettapus coromandelianus)
blauwvleugeltaling	n	de · mv. blauwvleugeltalingen	bluewing (Spatula discors syn. Anas discors)
kenschetsen	v	kenschetste – gekenschetst	to define, characterize, typify
kenschets	n	de · mv. kenschetsen	a characterization, definition, typification
nattevingerwerk	n	het	shoddy, poorly planned and imprecise work
carolina-eend	n	de · mv. carolina-eenden	wood duck (Aix sponsa)
zwartkopmeeuw	n	de · mv. zwartkopmeeuwen	Mediterranean gull (Ichthyaetus melanocephalus)
overslag	n	de · mv. overslagen	transshipment, transloading
bijkolibrie	n	de · mv. bijkolibries	bee hummingbird (Mellisuga helenae)
breedstaartkolibrie	n	de · mv. breedstaartkolibries	broad-tailed hummingbird (Selasphorus platycercus)
reuzenkolibrie	n	de · mv. reuzenkolibries	giant hummingbird (Patagona gigas)
robijnkeelkolibrie	n	de · mv. robijnkeelkolibries	ruby-throated hummingbird (Archilochus colubris)
granaatkolibrie	n	de · mv. granaatkolibries	purple-throated carib (Eulampis jugularis)
calliopekolibrie	n	de · mv. calliopekolibries	Calliope hummingbird (Selasphorus calliope)
dwergkolibrie	n	de · mv. dwergkolibries	vervain hummingbird (Mellisuga minima)
hommelkolibrie	n	de · mv. hommelkolibries	bumblebee hummingbird (Selasphorus heloisa)
muskietkolibrie	n	de · mv. muskietkolibries	ruby-topaz hummingbird (Chrysolampis mosquitus)
alpenkraai	n	de · mv. alpenkraaien	red-billed chough (Pyrrhocorax pyrrhocorax)
alpenkauw	n	de · mv. alpenkauwen	alpine chough (Pyrrhocorax graculus)
bergkraai	n	de · mv. bergkraaien	synonym of alpenkraai
drieteenstrandloper	n	de · mv. drieteenstrandlopers	sanderling (Calidris alba)
brandingloper	n	de · mv. brandinglopers	surfbird (Aphriza virgata syn. Calidris virgata)
kanoetstrandloper	n	de · mv. kanoetstrandlopers	synonym of kanoet
Alaskastrandloper	n	de · mv. Alaskastrandlopers	western sandpiper (Calidris mauri)
jan-van-gent	n	de · mv. jan-van-genten	the northern gannet, Morus bassanus
Zeeuws-Vlaanderen	m		an area of Zeeland, the Netherlands: Zeelandic Flanders
toppereend	n	de · mv. toppereenden	synonym of topper (“greater scaup”)
purperkoet	n	de · mv. purperkoeten	a swamphen; purple swamphen, sultana bird (Porphyrio porphyrio)
grijskoppurperkoet	n	de · mv. grijskoppurperkoeten	grey-headed swamphen (Porphyrio poliocephalus)
smaragdpurperkoet	n	de · mv. smaragdpurperkoeten	African swamphen (Porphyrio madagascariensis)
knobbelmeerkoet	n	de · mv. knobbelmeerkoeten	red-knobbed coot (Fulica cristata)
hoornkoet	n	de · mv. hoornkoeten	the horned coot, Fulica cornuta
zuidereilandtakahe	n	de · mv. zuidereilandtakahe's	the South Island takahē, Porphyrio hochstetteri
Zuidereiland	m		South Island, an island in New Zealand
zuidereilandkiwi	n	de · mv. zuidereilandkiwi's	the tokoeka, Apteryx australis
troepiaal	n	de · mv. troepialen	An icterid bird; any bird of the family Icteridae
paradijscasarca	n	de · mv. paradijscasarca's	paradise shelduck (Tadorna variegata)
kokardezaagbek	n	de · mv. kokardezaagbekken	hooded merganser (Lophodytes cucullatus)
kantoortijger	n	de · mv. kantoortijgers	a stereotypical office worker, especially one for whom social aspects of…
besmijten	v	besmeet – besmeten	to hurl at, fling at
beblazen	v	beblies – beblazen	to blow at; to play by blowing (an instrument); to create by blowing (of glass)
beslinken	v	beslonk – beslonken	to shrink to a certain degree
beschuilen	v	beschool – bescholen	to hide away, to make hidden
beschrikken	v	beschrikte – beschrikt	to frighten, startle
berijven	v	bereef – bereven	to rake
bekrijsen	v	bekrees – bekresen	to scream at; to weep for, mourn for
poelepetaat	n	het · mv. poelepetaten	synonym of parelhoen
gierparelhoen	n	het · mv. gierparelhoenders	the vulturine guineafowl, Acryllium vulturinum
helmparelhoen	n	het · mv. helmparelhoenders	helmeted guineafowl (Numida meleagris)
kalkoenparelhoen	n	het · mv. kalkoenparelhoenders	white-breasted guineafowl, Agelastes meleagrides
kuifparelhoen	n	het · mv. kuifparelhoenders	the plumed guineafowl, Guttera plumifera
kuifaalscholver	n	de · mv. kuifaalscholvers	European shag (Gulosus aristotelis syn. Phalacrocorax aristotelis)
witborstaalscholver	n	de · mv. witborstaalscholvers	white-breasted cormorant (Phalacrocorax lucidus)
roodpootaalscholver	n	de · mv. roodpootaalscholvers	red-legged cormorant (Poikilocarbo gaimardi syn. Phalacrocorax gaimardi)
verzwikken	v	verzwikte – verzwikt	to sprain, to wrench
bigua-aalscholver	n	de · mv. bigua-aalscholvers	neotropic cormorant (Nannopterum brasilianum syn. Phalacrocorax brasilianus)
dwergaalscholver	n	de · mv. dwergaalscholvers	pygmy cormorant (Microcarbo pygmaeus)
matze	n	de · mv. matzes	a matzo
matzebal	n	de · mv. matzeballen	matzo ball
Zaandammer	n	de · mv. Zaandammers	an inhabitant or a resident of Zaandam
groentetuin	n	de · mv. groentetuinen	vegetable garden, kitchen garden
verlieslatend	a		loss-making
fascinerend	a		fascinating
fascinerend	d		fascinatingly
onderbenutten	v	onderbenutte – onderbenut	to underutilize, underuse
kroeskoppelikaan	n	de · mv. kroeskoppelikanen	Dalmatian pelican (Pelecanus crispus)
amsterdamalbatros	n	de · mv. amsterdamalbatrossen	Amsterdam albatross (Diomedea amsterdamensis)
reuzenalbatros	n	de · mv. reuzenalbatrossen	synonym of grote albatros
klapekster	n	de · mv. klapeksters	great grey shrike (Lanius excubitor)
ondertekenaar	n	de · mv. ondertekenaars	signatory
verzekeringnemer	n	de · mv. verzekeringnemers	policyholder (person who holds an insurance policy)
opkrijgen	v	kreeg op – opgekregen	to get (put) on; to get something to do, to be given something to do (such as an assignment); to eat up or drink up, to (manage to) finish a meal
zandplaat	n	de · mv. zandplaten	sandbank, shoal
wereldreiziger	n	de · mv. wereldreizigers	globetrotter
groepsreis	n	de · mv. groepsreizen	group trip
vulvalip	n	de · mv. vulvalippen	labium (of the vulva)
sneeuwgors	n	de · mv. sneeuwgorzen	snow bunting (Plectrophenax nivalis)
miemel	n	de · mv. miemels	vulva
ortolaan	n	de · mv. ortolanen	ortolan bunting (Emberiza hortulana)
zwartkopgors	n	de · mv. zwartkopgorzen	black-headed bunting (Emberiza melanocephala)
witkopgors	n	de · mv. witkopgorzen	pine bunting (Emberiza leucocephalos)
toendragors	n	de · mv. toendragorzen	American tree sparrow (Spizelloides arborea)
maskergors	n	de · mv. maskergorzen	black-faced bunting (Emberiza spodocephala)
christoffelkruid	n	het	baneberry, herb Christopher
kattig	a		catty
boomvalk	n	de · mv. boomvalken	Eurasian hobby (Falco subbuteo)
lannervalk	n	de · mv. lannervalken	lanner falcon (Falco biarmicus)
braamsluiper	n	de · mv. braamsluipers	lesser whitethroat (Curruca curruca)
metapopulatie	n	de · mv. metapopulaties	metapopulation
zwartsnavelooievaar	n	de · mv. zwartsnavelooievaars	oriental stork (Ciconia boyciana)
herwilderen	v	herwilderde – herwilderd	to rewild
herwildering	n	de · mv. herwilderingen	rewilding
gehannes	n	het	bungling, fumbling, fiddling
voedselpiramide	n	de · mv. voedselpiramiden	ecological pyramid
pioniersoort	n	de · mv. pioniersoorten	pioneer species
vleug	n	de · mv. vleugen	a whiff
shutterboom	n	de · mv. shutterbomen	the metal frame and tilting mechanism holding the glass louvers of a…
ringel-s	n	de · mv. ringel-essen	The name of the Latin script letter ẞ/ß, called eszett in English
hanzeatisch	a		Hanseatic
Houtribdijk	m		a large dike separating the IJsselmeer from the Markermeer, connecting…
draaihals	n	de · mv. draaihalzen	the Eurasian wryneck, Jynx torquilla
grijskopspecht	n	de · mv. grijskopspechten	grey-headed woodpecker (Picus canus)
pijlstaart	n	de · mv. pijlstaarten	northern pintail (Anas acuta); synonym of pijlstaartrog (“Dasyatis pastinaca”)
pijlstaarteend	n	de · mv. pijlstaarteenden	synonym of pijlstaart
Audierne	m		Audierne (a town in Finistère department, Brittany, France)
ontsnippering	n	de · mv. ontsnipperingen	habitat defragmentation
ontsnipperen	v	ontsnipperde – ontsnipperd	to defragment (ecologically), used of habitats or landscapes
habitatfragmentatie	n	de · mv. habitatfragmentaties	habitat fragmentation
habitatversnippering	n	de · mv. habitatversnipperingen	habitat fragmentation
lammergier	n	de · mv. lammergieren	lammergeier (Aegypius monachus)
witsterblauwborst	n	de · mv. witsterblauwborsten	white-spotted bluethroat, Luscinia svecica subsp. cyanecula
roodsterblauwborst	n	de · mv. roodsterblauwborsten	red-spotted bluethroat, Luscinia svecica subsp. svecica
alpengierzwaluw	n	de · mv. alpengierzwaluwen	Alpine swift (Tachymarptis melba)
superorde	n	de · mv. superorden	superorder
onderorde	n	de · mv. onderorden	suborder
infraorde	n	de · mv. infraorden	infraorder
parvorde	n	de · mv. parvorden	parvorder
volleybal	n	het	volleyball (the sport); volleyball (the ball)
cashen	v	cashte – gecasht	to cash, to exchange for cash; to make money, particularly: to make a large amount of money at once
meidenvenijn	n	het	the phenomenon of social conflict among girls (manifesting as e.g. bullying,…
kuifduiker	n	de · mv. kuifduikers	horned grebe (Podiceps auritus)
geslachtengroep	n	de · mv. geslachtengroepen	tribe
infraklasse	n	de · mv. infraklassen	infraclass
ondergeslacht	n	het · mv. ondergeslachten	subgenus
aanstotelijk	a		offensive
betreurlijk	a		regrettable
citroenvlinder	n	de · mv. citroenvlinders	brimstone or common brimstone (Gonepteryx rhamni)
treinkaartje	n	het · mv. treinkaartjes	train ticket
blijdelijk	a		happy
blijdelijk	d		happily
witje	n	het · mv. witjes	a white, a butterflies of the family Pieridae
witjes	a		whitish or pale, as if sick
distelvlinder	n	de · mv. distelvlinders	painted lady (Vanessa cardui)
nederhop	n	de	hiphop music from the Netherlands
boomblauwtje	n	het · mv. boomblauwtjes	holly blue (Celastrina argiolus)
pimpernelblauwtje	n	het · mv. pimpernelblauwtjes	scarce large blue (Phengaris teleius)
dwergblauwtje	n	het · mv. dwergblauwtjes	the small blue, Cupido minimus
gentiaanblauwtje	n	het · mv. gentiaanblauwtjes	Alcon blue (Phengaris alcon)
duingentiaanblauwtje	n	het · mv. duingentiaanblauwtjes	a Dutch Alcon blue, of an extinct subspecies (†Phengaris alcon arenaria) of…
heidegentiaanblauwtje	n	het · mv. heidegentiaanblauwtjes	a member of subspecies Phengaris alcon ericae of alcon blue
geraniumblauwtje	n	het · mv. geraniumblauwtjes	the geranium bronze (Cacyreus marshalli)
klaverblauwtje	n	het · mv. klaverblauwtjes	mazarine blue (Cyaniris semiargus)
staartblauwtje	n	het · mv. staartblauwtjes	short-tailed blue (Cupido argiades)
tijgerblauwtje	n	het · mv. tijgerblauwtjes	long-tailed blue (Lampides boeticus)
veenbesblauwtje	n	het · mv. veenbesblauwtjes	the cranberry blue, Agriades optilete
zandblauwtje	n	het · mv. zandblauwtjes	sheep's-bit (Jasione montana)
isobaar	n	de · mv. isobaren	isobar
isopleet	n	de · mv. isopleten	isopleth
isochoor	n	de · mv. isochoren	isochore
isobaat	n	de · mv. isobaten	isobath
isohyeet	n	de · mv. isohyeten	isohyet
huiskraai	n	de · mv. huiskraaien	house crow (Corvus splendens)
kruisbek	n	de · mv. kruisbekken	a crossbill: any bird in the genus Loxia; red crossbill (Loxia curvirostra)
witbandkruisbek	n	de · mv. witbandkruisbekken	two-barred crossbill (Loxia leucoptera)
non-descript	a		nondescript (without distinguishing qualities or characteristics)
gehijg	n	het	panting
prederen	v	predeerde – gepredeerd	to predate, to prey on something
sprinkhaanzanger	n	de · mv. sprinkhaanzangers	grasshopper warbler (Locustella naevia)
020	m		synonym of Amsterdam
010	m		synonym of Rotterdam
spotvogel	n	de · mv. spotvogels	icterine warbler (Hippolais icterina)
zwarthalszwaan	n	de · mv. zwarthalszwanen	black-necked swan (Cygnus melancoryphus)
oeverzwaluw	n	de · mv. oeverzwaluwen	sand martin (Riparia riparia)
spotlijster	n	de · mv. spotlijsters	a mockingbird; a northern mockingbird, of species Mimus polyglottos
goudlijster	n	de · mv. goudlijsters	the White's thrush, Zoothera aurea
roodkopklauwier	n	de · mv. roodkopklauwiers	woodchat shrike (Lanius senator)
lachstern	n	de · mv. lachsterns	gull-billed tern (Gelochelidon nilotica)
reuzenstern	n	de · mv. reuzensterns	the Caspian tern, Hydroprogne caspia
vuurgoudhaan	n	de · mv. vuurgoudhanen	firecrest (Regulus ignicapilla)
rietgans	n	de · mv. rietganzen	bean goose (Anser fabalis)
trappelen	v	trappelde – getrappeld	to stamp one's feet repeatedly, especially out of impatience or excitement
toendrarietgans	n	de · mv. toendrarietganzen	the tundra bean goose, Anser serrirostris
energiewaarde	n	de · mv. energiewaarden	the energy contents of a given mass of food in calories
schakelwagen	n	de · mv. schakelwagens	a vehicle with a manual transmission
bodemkaart	n	de · mv. bodemkaarten	soil map (map showing diversity of soil types and/or soil properties)
schuifbalk	n	de · mv. schuifbalken	scroll bar
wapendracht	n	de · mv. wapendrachten	carrying of weapons; possession of a weapon
ontvangstcomité	n	het · mv. ontvangstcomités	welcoming committee
roodstaart	n	de · mv. roodstaarten	a redstart; a bird of the genus Phoenicurus
alarmsysteem	n	het · mv. alarmsystemen	alarm system
gekraagd	a		collared, frilled
gemakkelijkheid	n	de	easiness
regenwulp	n	de · mv. regenwulpen	whimbrel, Eurasian whimbrel (Numenius phaeopus)
gemakkelijkheidsoplossing	n	de · mv. gemakkelijkheidsoplossingen	path of least resistance, easy way out
twitchen	v	twitchte – getwitcht	to twitch, to seek out specific bird species avidly, to birdwatch fanatically
vogelen	v	vogelde – gevogeld	to birdwatch; to have sexual intercourse
Vogelaar	m		a surname originating as an occupation, meaning bird hunter
gegeit	n	het	girlish behavior, esp. giggling
kalenderjaar	n	het · mv. kalenderjaren	a calendar year
gelijkbenig	a		isosceles (having two sides of equal length)
plas-dras	n	de · mv. plas-drassen	wet, swampy grassland, usually pastures where the water table is close to…
steenloper	n	de · mv. steenlopers	ruddy turnstone (Arenaria interpres)
katuil	n	de · mv. katuilen	synonym of steenuil (“Athene noctua”)
ruigpootbuizerd	n	de · mv. ruigpootbuizerds	the rough-legged buzzard, Buteo lagopus
krombekstrandloper	n	de · mv. krombekstrandlopers	curlew sandpiper (Calidris ferruginea)
groenvink	n	de · mv. groenvinken	synonym of groenling
waterspreeuw	n	de · mv. waterspreeuwen	white-throated dipper (Cinclus cinclus)
rotsduif	n	de · mv. rotsduiven	rock dove (Columba livia)
manenduif	n	de · mv. manenduiven	Nicobar dove or Nicobar pigeon (Caloenas nicobarica)
withalsvliegenvanger	n	de · mv. withalsvliegenvangers	collared flycatcher (Ficedula albicollis)
ijsduiker	n	de · mv. ijsduikers	great northern diver, common loon (Gavia immer)
kersendief	n	de · mv. kersendieven	a thief of cherries; synonym of spreeuw (“Sturnus vulgaris”); synonym of spotvogel (“Hippolais icterina”)
stormvogeltje	n	het · mv. stormvogeltjes	European storm petrel (Hydrobates pelagicus)
Quackjeswater	m		a lake in South Holland, Netherlands, near the western shore of the island…
loffelijk	a		laudable, praiseworthy
prijzenswaardig	a		laudable, praiseworthy
slootmus	n	de · mv. slootmussen	synonym of rietgors (“Emberiza schoeniclus”)
huishoen	n	het · mv. huishoenders	the chicken, Gallus gallus domesticus
convergeren	v	convergeerde – geconvergeerd	to converge
notenkraker	n	de · mv. notenkrakers	a nutcracker, an implement for cracking nuts; spotted nutcracker (Nucifraga caryocatactes, a corvid bird)
ooruil	n	de · mv. ooruilen	any eared owl (owl species known for having prominent ear tufts); synonym of ransuil (“Asio otus”)
dwergooruil	n	de · mv. dwergooruilen	Eurasian scops owl (Otus scops)
franjepoot	n	de · mv. franjepoten	a phalarope; any bird of the genus Phalaropus
zilverplevier	n	de · mv. zilverplevieren	the black-bellied plover, Pluvialis squatarola
roodhalsfuut	n	de · mv. roodhalsfuten	red-necked grebe (Podiceps grisegena)
zilverfuut	n	de · mv. zilverfuten	the silvery grebe, Podiceps occipitalis
atitlanfuut	n	de · mv. atitlanfuten	the extinct Atitlán grebe, Podilymbus gigas
dikbekfuut	n	de · mv. dikbekfuten	pied-billed grebe (Podilymbus podiceps)
porseleinhoen	n	het · mv. porseleinhoenders	spotted crake (Porzana porzana)
pijlstormvogel	n	de · mv. pijlstormvogels	a shearwater; any procellariid seabird of the genera Puffinus, Ardenna and…
schaarbek	n	de · mv. schaarbekken	a skimmer, scissorbill; any bird of the genus Rynchops
noords	a		Nordic
izabeltortel	n	de · mv. izabeltortels	the African collared dove, Streptopelia turtur
obees	a		obese
torenuil	n	de · mv. torenuilen	synonym of kerkuil
oranje-uil	n	de · mv. oranje-uilen	synonym of kerkuil
dwergmeeuw	n	de · mv. dwergmeeuwen	little gull (Hydrocoloeus minutus)
witstuitbarmsijs	n	de · mv. witstuitbarmsijzen	arctic redpoll (Acanthis hornemanni)
citroensijs	n	de · mv. citroensijzen	citril finch (Carduelis citrinella)
stormmeeuw	n	de · mv. stormmeeuwen	common gull (Larus canus)
rouwkwikstaart	n	de · mv. rouwkwikstaarten	the pied wagtail, Motacilla alba yarrellii
steppekiekendief	n	de · mv. steppekiekendieven	pallid harrier (Circus macrourus)
witwangstern	n	de · mv. witwangsterns	whiskered tern (Chlidonias hybrida)
roodhalsgans	n	de · mv. roodhalsganzen	red-breasted goose (Branta ruficollis)
zwaangans	n	de · mv. zwaanganzen	swan goose (Anser cygnoides)
onredelijk	a		unreasonable, groundless; unfair, unjust
onredelijk	d		unreasonably; unfairly
divergeren	v	divergeerde – gedivergeerd	to diverge
convergentie	n	de · mv. convergenties	convergence
divergentie	n	de · mv. divergenties	divergence
personeelskamer	n	de · mv. personeelskamers	staffroom
havikarend	n	de · mv. havikarenden	Bonelli's eagle (Aquila fasciata)
witbuikrotgans	n	de · mv. witbuikrotganzen	the pale-bellied brent goose, a subspecies of brent goose (Branta bernicla…
zwartbuikrotgans	n	de · mv. zwartbuikrotganzen	the dark-bellied brent goose, a subspecies of brent goose (Branta bernicla…
grasfalt	n	het	grass (particularly perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne)) as monoculture;…
medereiziger	n	de · mv. medereizigers	fellow traveller
droogneuken	v	droogneukte – gedroogneukt	to dry-hump
dwerggors	n	de · mv. dwerggorzen	little bunting (Emberiza pusilla)
graszanger	n	de · mv. graszangers	the zitting cisticola, Cisticola juncidis
buidelmees	n	de · mv. buidelmezen	a penduline tit; any bird of the family Remizidae; European penduline tit (Remiz pendulinus)
boszanger	n	de · mv. boszangers	A leaf warbler; any bird of the genus Phylloscopus
frankolijn	n	de · mv. frankolijnen	a francolin; any fowl of one of various genera, particularly Francolinus
strokenteelt	n	de	polyculture in which crops are grown in long, narrow strips, to prevent…
sloor	n	de · mv. sloors	pitiable woman
nieuwsblad	n	het · mv. nieuwsbladen	newspaper (publication)
godverkanker	i		God fucking damn!
hemelgeit	n	de · mv. hemelgeiten	synonym of watersnip
steppekievit	n	de · mv. steppekieviten	sociable lapwing (Vanellus gregarius)
eikapsel	n	het · mv. eikapsels	egg case
winterpostelein	n	de	miner's lettuce, Claytonia perfoliata
haarkwal	n	de · mv. haarkwallen	Any of various jellyfish of genus Cyanea
oorkwal	n	de · mv. oorkwallen	moon jelly (Aurelia aurita)
schuimalg	n	de · mv. schuimalgen	Phaeocystis globosa, an alga causing sea foam
iconisch	a		iconic
amfidromisch	a		amphidromic
amfidromie	n	de · mv. amfidromieën	amphidromic point, tidal node
dwerggans	n	de · mv. dwergganzen	lesser white-fronted goose (Anser erythropus)
speurwerk	n	het · mv. speurwerken	research, experiment, study, trial, test, survey
Folkmar	m		a male given name
Frijns	m		a surname
halfgans	n	de · mv. halfganzen	a large duck, generally referring to birds of the Tadorninae subfamily of…
opdrogen	v	droogde op – opgedroogd	to dry up
drieteenmeeuw	n	de · mv. drieteenmeeuwen	black-legged kittiwake (Rissa tridactyla)
geelpootmeeuw	n	de · mv. geelpootmeeuwen	the yellow-legged gull, Larus michahellis
lachmeeuw	n	de · mv. lachmeeuwen	the laughing gull, Leucophaeus atricilla
biopt	n	het · mv. biopten	a tissue sample taken during biopsy
roodkeelduiker	n	de · mv. roodkeelduikers	red-throated diver (Gavia stellata)
arendbuizerd	n	de · mv. arendbuizerds	long-legged buzzard (Buteo rufinus)
landschapspijn	n	de	the sadness felt when viewing a landscape that has been devastated…
schaamsoort	n	de · mv. schaamsoorten	a species of bird a birdwatcher is ashamed to not yet have spotted,…
scharrelaar	n	de · mv. scharrelaars	European roller (Coracias garrulus)
vloedvlakte	n	de · mv. vloedvlakten	floodplain
santen	n	de	coconut milk
inlaagdijk	n	de · mv. inlaagdijken	a secondary dyke constructed some distance behind an outer dyke that is at…
inlaag	n	de · mv. inlagen	the area between an outer dyke and a fallback dyke (inlaagdijk)
bosmuis	n	de · mv. bosmuizen	a mouse of the genus Apodemus; a wood mouse (Apodemus sylvaticus)
geelhalsbosmuis	n	de · mv. geelhalsbosmuizen	synonym of grote bosmuis (“Apodemus flavicollis”)
waterspitsmuis	n	de · mv. waterspitsmuizen	Eurasian water shrew (Neomys fodiens)
dwergspitsmuis	n	de · mv. dwergspitsmuizen	Eurasian pygmy shrew (Sorex minutus)
bosspitsmuis	n	de · mv. bosspitsmuizen	common shrew (Sorex araneus)
huisspitsmuis	n	de · mv. huisspitsmuizen	greater white-toothed shrew (Crocidura russula)
veldspitsmuis	n	de · mv. veldspitsmuizen	bicolored shrew (Crocidura leucodon)
Surinamerivier	m		a river in Suriname
Paramaribop	n	de	Paramaribop, a jazz fusion style from Paramaribo, Suriname
puntlipneushoorn	n	de · mv. puntlipneushoorns	synonym of zwarte neushoorn
breedlipneushoorn	n	de · mv. breedlipneushoorns	synonym of witte neushoorn
pantserneushoorn	n	de · mv. pantserneushoorns	synonym of Indische neushoorn
morinelplevier	n	de · mv. morinelplevieren	a dotterel or Eurasian dotterel (Charadrius morinellus)
middelst	a		intermediate, middle, middlemost
teunisbloem	n	de · mv. teunisbloemen	an evening primrose, any flower of the genus Oenothera
visserslatijn	n	het	Tall stories told by fishermen, particularly about their catch
Teunis	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Tony
Geerten	m		a male given name
Tjoris	m		a male given name
Korneel	m		a male given name
Reinier	m		a male given name
Tiny	m		a male given name
Opzoomer	m		a surname
homologeren	v		to homologate
karakteriseren	v		to define, characterize
anticiperen	v	anticipeerde – geanticipeerd	to anticipate
Biebrza	m		Biebrza (a river in northern Poland)
fluiteend	n	de · mv. fluiteenden	whistling duck (any bird of the genus Dendrocygna); synonym of smient (“wigeon, Anas penelope”)
boomeend	n	de · mv. boomeenden	synonym of fluiteend (“whistling duck”)
ekstergans	n	de · mv. eksterganzen	the magpie goose, Anseranas semipalmata
eendvogel	n	de · mv. eendvogels	an anseriform, any bird of the order Anseriformes
eendachtige	n	de · mv. eendachtigen	an anatid, any bird of the family Anatidae
eendachtig	a		ducklike
hoenderkoet	n	de · mv. hoenderkoeten	a screamer, any bird of the family Anhimidae
anioema	n	de · mv. anioema's	horned screamer (Anhima cornuta)
hoornhoenderkoet	n	de · mv. hoornhoenderkoeten	synonym of anioema
knieval	n	de · mv. knievallen	genuflection, kneeling; kowtow, bow, show of obeisance
benijdenswaardig	a		enviable
autosomaal	a		autosomal
autosoom	n	het · mv. autosomen	autosome
kuifhoenderkoet	n	de · mv. kuifhoenderkoeten	crested screamer (Chauna torquata)
witwanghoenderkoet	n	de · mv. witwanghoenderkoeten	northern screamer (Chauna chavaria)
valkparkiet	n	de · mv. valkparkieten	cockatiel (Nymphicus hollandicus)
raafkaketoe	n	de · mv. raafkaketoes	a black cockatoo; any cockatoo of the genera Calyptorhynchus or Zanda
geeloograafkaketoe	n	de · mv. geeloograafkaketoes	a yellow-tailed black cockatoo (Zanda funerea, syn. Calyptorhynchus funereus)
kortsnavelraafkaketoe	n	de · mv. kortsnavelraafkaketoes	short-billed black cockatoo (Zanda latirostris syn. Calyptorhynchus latirostris)
langsnavelraafkaketoe	n	de · mv. langsnavelraafkaketoes	Baudin's black cockatoo (Zanda baudinii syn. Calyptorhynchus baudinii)
roodstaartraafkaketoe	n	de · mv. roodstaartraafkaketoes	a red-tailed black cockatoo (Calyptorhynchus banksii)
palmkaketoe	n	de · mv. palmkaketoes	synonym of zwarte kaketoe
geelkuifkaketoe	n	de · mv. geelkuifkaketoes	any of various yellow-crested cockatoos of the genus Cacatua
citroenkuifkaketoe	n	de · mv. citroenkuifkaketoes	a citron-crested cockatoo (Cacatua sulphurea citrinocristata)
molukkenkaketoe	n	de · mv. molukkenkaketoes	salmon-crested cockatoo (Cacatua moluccensis)
blauwoogkaketoe	n	de · mv. blauwoogkaketoes	the blue-eyed cockatoo, Cacatua ophthalmica
naaktoogkaketoe	n	de · mv. naaktoogkaketoes	little corella (Cacatua sanguinea)
langsnavelkaketoe	n	de · mv. langsnavelkaketoes	long-billed corella (Cacatua tenuirostris); western corella (Cacatua pastinator)
helmkaketoe	n	de · mv. helmkaketoes	the gang-gang cockatoo, Callocephalon fimbriatum
incakaketoe	n	de · mv. incakaketoes	the Major Mitchell's cockatoo, Lophochroa leadbeateri
overanalyseren	v	overanalyseerde – geoveranalyseerd	to overanalyze
roezemoezen	v	roezemoesde – geroezemoesd	to murmur, chatter
raafparkiet	n	de · mv. raafparkieten	synonym of dwergara (“Ara severus”)
blauwgeel	a		blue-yellow, yellow-blue
geelvleugelara	n	de · mv. geelvleugelara's	scarlet macaw (Ara macao)
bokraaf	n	de · mv. bokraven	synonym of geelvleugelara (“scarlet macaw, Ara macao”)
blauwkeelara	n	de · mv. blauwkeelara's	blue-throated macaw (Ara glaucogularis)
blauwkopara	n	de · mv. blauwkopara's	blue-headed macaw (Primolius couloni)
dwergara	n	de · mv. dwergara's	chestnut-fronted macaw (Ara severus)
geelnekara	n	de · mv. geelnekara's	golden-collared macaw (Primolius auricollis)
groenvleugelara	n	de · mv. groenvleugelara's	red-and-green macaw (Ara chloropterus)
soldatenara	n	de · mv. soldatenara's	military macaw (Ara militaris)
appelwang	n	de · mv. appelwangen	rosy cheek, with a lively blush or reddish glow
roodbuikara	n	de · mv. roodbuikara's	red-bellied macaw (Orthopsittaca manilatus)
roodschouderara	n	de · mv. roodschouderara's	red-shouldered macaw (Diopsittaca nobilis)
roodwangara	n	de · mv. roodwangara's	red-fronted macaw (Ara rubrogenys)
ringsnavelmeeuw	n	de · mv. ringsnavelmeeuwen	ring-billed gull (Larus delawarensis)
skorro	n	de · mv. skorro's	synonym of school
feetiran	n	de · mv. feetirannen	any tyrant flycatcher of the genus Empidonax
elzenfeetiran	n	de · mv. elzenfeetirannen	alder flycatcher (Empidonax alnorum)
koningstiran	n	de · mv. koningstirannen	a kingbird; any tyrant flycatcher of the genus Tyrannus; the eastern kingbird, Tyrannus tyrannus
vorkstaartkoningstiran	n	de · mv. vorkstaartkoningstirannen	fork-tailed flycatcher (Tyrannus savana)
savannahgors	n	de · mv. savannahgorzen	Savannah sparrow (Passerculus sandwichensis)
roodbekwever	n	de · mv. roodbekwevers	red-billed quelea (Quelea quelea)
aanmelding	n	de · mv. aanmeldingen	registration
pooien	v	pooide – gepooid	to pimp (to act as a procurer of prostitutes)
cirlgors	n	de · mv. cirlgorzen	cirl bunting (Emberiza cirlus)
mantichora	n	de · mv. mantichora's	manticore
sossa	n	de	synonym of cocaïne
klabakkarium	n	de · mv. klabakkariummen	synonym of politiebureau (“police station”)
commissariaat	n	het · mv. commissariaten	the office of a commissioner or a commission
drogisterij	n	de · mv. drogisterijen	drugstore
drogist	n	de · mv. drogisten	druggist
Borgerhout	m		a district of Antwerp, Belgium
Borgerokko	m		nickname for Borgerhout, a district of Antwerp, because of its large…
broeierig	a		sultry, muggy, airless, oppressive (hot and humid weather)
voorbijkruipen	v	kroop voorbij – voorbijgekropen	to drag on (last too long)
fijnmazig	a		detailed, fine-grained
grofmazig	a		coarse-grained, with broad strokes
autotroof	a		autotrophic
autotroof	n	de · mv. autotrofen	autotroph
bliksemoffensief	n	het · mv. bliksemoffensieven	lightning offensive, blitz offensive
charmeoffensief	n	het · mv. charmeoffensieven	charm offensive
schubbenpantser	n	het · mv. schubbenpantsers	scale armour (type of military armour; an armour consisting thereof); scale armour (of an animal)
heremietibis	n	de · mv. heremietibissen	the northern bald ibis, Geronticus eremita
kaalkopibis	n	de · mv. kaalkopibissen	synonym of heremietibis (“northern bald ibis”)
Groezië	n	het	Georgia (country)
hopla	i		synonym of hoppa
koefnoen	a		free of charge
koefnoen	n	de · mv. koefnoens	something that is free of charge
goean	n	de · mv. goeans	guan
grootkapitalist	n	de · mv. grootkapitalisten	a business tycoon, a capitalist involved in the higher echelons of very…
tenenkrommend	a		toe-curling, cringeworthy
tenenkrullend	a		synonym of tenenkrommend (“toe-curling, cringeworthy”)
uitstelgedrag	n	het	behavior engaged in while procrastinating; procrastination
patsergedrag	n	het	masculine show-offish, ostentatious behavior
aangetrouwd	a		related by marriage; having joined a family or become family through marriage
aangehuwd	a		related by marriage; having joined a family or become family through marriage
acteerles	n	de · mv. acteerlessen	acting lesson
acteren	v	acteerde – geacteerd	to act (to perform a theatrical or other dramatic role); to act, to operate (to do something, to perform work), especially in a…
aardbol	n	de · mv. aardbollen	Earth, globe (planet Earth); globe (spherical model of Earth)
afscheidskus	n	de · mv. afscheidskussen	a kiss given when departing; a goodbye kiss
vaakst	d		oftenest (superlative degree of vaak)
aanstellerij	n	de · mv. aanstellerijen	exaggerated, immature behaviour; childish affectation; an instance or fit of such immature behaviour
achterbank	n	de · mv. achterbanken	the set of adjacent, connecting back seats of a vehicle; rear bench; the hindmost of a set of benches or couches
afperser	n	de · mv. afpersers	extortioner, extortionist
raadszendbode	n	de · mv. raadszendboden	an emissary from a city, almost exclusively from a Hanseatic city
chemseks	n	de	chemsex
groepsseks	n	de	group sex
dreinen	v	dreinde – gedreind	to whine, cry
uitdager	n	de · mv. uitdagers	challenger
auto-ongeluk	n	het · mv. auto-ongelukken	car accident
snotterig	a		snotty; having a runny nose
stekelstaart	n	de · mv. stekelstaarten	any of various furnariid birds (ovenbirds) or spinetails, particularly of…; a stiff-tailed duck; any bird of the subfamily Oxyurinae
spraakwater	n	het	synonym of sterkedrank (“liquor”)
danswater	n	het	synonym of sterkedrank (“liquor”)
pauwoog	n	de · mv. pauwogen	Refers to various lepidopteran insects
dagpauwoog	n	de · mv. dagpauwogen	peacock butterfly (Aglais io)
breedbekstrandloper	n	de · mv. breedbekstrandlopers	broad-billed sandpiper (Calidris falcinellus)
kwalitatief	a		qualitative
kwantitatief	a		quantitative
zesling	n	de · mv. zeslingen	sextuplet; one of a group of six babies born from the same mother during the…
zevenling	n	de · mv. zevenlingen	septuplet; one of a group of seven babies born from the same mother during…
achtling	n	de · mv. achtlingen	octuplet; one of a group of eight babies born from the same mother during…
negenling	n	de · mv. negenlingen	nonuplet; one of a group of nine babies born from the same mother during the…
tienling	n	de · mv. tienlingen	decuplet; one of a group of ten babies born from the same mother during the…
cerviduct	n	het · mv. cerviducten	a wildlife crossing built specifically with deer in mind
graaiflatie	n	de	greedflation
spoorbloem	n	de · mv. spoorbloemen	red valerian (Centranthus ruber)
krimpflatie	n	de	shrinkflation
peelmoes	n	de/het	synonym of kaviaar (“caviar”)
rumbus	n	de · mv. rumbussen	synonym of steur
boemerangkind	n	het · mv. boemerangkinderen	boomerang child, boomerang kid (someone who returns to live in their…
Alblasserwaard	m		a region of South Holland, Netherlands
Alblas	m		a river in South Holland, Netherlands
Lauwers	m		a river in the provinces of Friesland and Groningen, Netherlands
elimineren	v	elimineerde – geëlimineerd	to eliminate
congrueren	v	congrueerde – gecongrueerd	to be congruent, to agree
renspin	n	de · mv. renspinnen	a philodromid; any spider of the family Philodromidae
geelbandhoningeter	n	de · mv. geelbandhoningeters	the stitchbird, Notiomystis cincta
honingeter	n	de · mv. honingeters	one who eats honey; a honeyeater, meliphagid; any bird of the family Meliphagidae
zadelrug	n	de · mv. zadelruggen	a saddleback; any bird of the genus Philesturnus
variabele	n	de · mv. variabelen	variable
wiedes	a		obvious
dunbekwulp	n	de · mv. dunbekwulpen	slender-billed curlew (Numenius tenuirostris), now probably extinct
purperzwaluw	n	de · mv. purperzwaluwen	purple martin (Progne subis)
roodstuitzwaluw	n	de · mv. roodstuitzwaluwen	red-rumped swallow (Cecropis daurica)
reductie	n	de · mv. reducties	reduction
tongelen	v	tongelde – getongeld	to stick out or flick the tongue briefly
Noord-Afrika	m		North Africa (a geographic region comprising the northern part of Africa,…
Eritrese	n	de · mv. Eritresen	Eritrean woman
actreutel	n	de · mv. actreutels	a bad actress
wiebelig	a		wobbly
lelkraanvogel	n	de · mv. lelkraanvogels	the wattled crane, Grus carunculata
jufferkraanvogel	n	de · mv. jufferkraanvogels	demoiselle crane (Grus virgo)
verkankeren	v	verkankerde – verkankerd	to fuck up, to screw
aaibaarheidsgehalte	n	het · mv. aaibaarheidsgehaltes	level of cuddliness or likability
aalbestand	n	het · mv. aalbestanden	eel stock
aalstand	n	de · mv. aalstanden	eel stock
afronding	n	de · mv. afrondingen	completion, finalization, the final stage of a process; rounding off
afrondfout	n	de · mv. afrondfouten	round-off error
polymorfemisch	a		polymorphemic
squashen	v	squashte – gesquasht	to play squash
steppehoen	n	het · mv. steppehoenders	any bird of the genus Syrrhaptes
aalvisserij	n	de · mv. aalvisserijen	eel fishery
aanbenen	v	beende aan – aangebeend	to come walking in large strides; to keep up with
aaltjessoort	n	de · mv. aaltjessoorten	species of nematode
aandachtsgeil	a		seeking attention, acting like an attention whore
ankeilen	v	keilde an – angekeild	to publish a short text on the front or main page of a newspaper, magazine,…
affectie	n	de · mv. affecties	affection
fransoos	n	de · mv. fransozen	a French person, or a person of French descent
aanbeet	n	de · mv. aanbeten	the moment a fish bites the bait
aanbeet	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanbijten
aanbel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanbellen
aanbelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanbellen
aanbelde	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanbellen
aanbermen	v	bermde aan – aangebermd	to reinforce an embankment/dyke
aanbelangen	v	aanbelangde – aanbelangd	to concern, to be a concern to
smeerwortel	n	de · mv. smeerwortels	a comfrey; any plant of the genus Symphytum
procrastinatie	n	de	procrastination
procrastineren	n	mv. procrastineren	to procrastinate
industriegebied	n	het · mv. industriegebieden	industrial park, industrial zone
zakenreis	n	de · mv. zakenreizen	business trip
informatietechnologie	n	de · mv. informatietechnologieën	information technology
werkervaring	n	de · mv. werkervaringen	work experience
zelfvertrouwen	n	het	self-confidence
scheg	n	de · mv. scheggen	skeg; any wedge-shaped object or region
herderstasje	n	het · mv. herderstasjes	shepherd's purse (Capsella bursa-pastoris); any plant of the genus Capsella
jadder	n	de/het · mv. jadders	synonym of uier (“udder”)
zuring	n	de · mv. zuringen	a rumex, dock, sorrel; any plant of the genus Rumex
ridderzuring	n	de · mv. ridderzuringen	bitter dock (Rumex obtusifolius)
waterzuring	n	de · mv. waterzuringen	great waterdock (Rumex hydrolapathum)
zwaardherik	n	de · mv. zwaardheriken	synonym of rucola
walstro	n	het	a bedstraw; any plant of the genus Galium
steenbreek	n	de · mv. steenbreken	A saxifrage; any plant of the genus Saxifraga
knolsteenbreek	n	de · mv. knolsteenbreken	meadow saxifrage (Saxifraga granulata)
ongezellig	a		unwelcoming; unsociable
steenbreekvaren	n	de · mv. steenbreekvarens	maidenhair spleenwort (Asplenium trichomanes)
fijnstraal	n	de · mv. fijnstralen	a fleabane, erigeron; any plant (formerly or presently) of the genus Erigeron
muurfijnstraal	n	de · mv. muurfijnstralen	the Mexican fleabane, Erigeron karvinskianus
allenig	a		synonym of alleen
prachtkleed	n	het · mv. prachtkleden	breeding plumage
roodpootvalk	n	de · mv. roodpootvalken	red-footed falcon (Falco vespertinus)
sleedoorn	n	de · mv. sleedoornen	blackthorn (Prunus spinosa); sloe (fruit of the blackthorn, Prunus spinosa)
mangrovereiger	n	de · mv. mangrovereigers	the striated heron, Butorides striata
leeuwenbek	n	de · mv. leeuwenbekken	a lion's mouth; a snapdragon (any plant of the genus Antirrhinum); also used to refer to…
muurleeuwenbek	n	de · mv. muurleeuwenbekken	ivy-leaved toadflax (Cymbalaria muralis)
diagonaaltje	n	het · mv. diagonaaltjes	one of every snack in a snackmuur (type of vending machine containing mostly…
grijsbok	n	de · mv. grijsbokken	a grysbok, any small antelope of the genus Raphicerus
steenbokantilope	n	de · mv. steenbokantilopen	steenbok (Raphicerus campestris)
holenzwaluw	n	de · mv. holenzwaluwen	cave swallow (Petrochelidon fulva)
bergbeekeend	n	de · mv. bergbeekeenden	torrent duck (Merganetta armata)
hottentottaling	n	de · mv. hottentottalingen	blue-billed teal (Spatula hottentota)
kaneeltaling	n	de · mv. kaneeltalingen	cinnamon teal (Spatula cyanoptera)
gevlekt	a		mottled
wenkbrauweend	n	de · mv. wenkbrauweenden	the Pacific black duck, Anas superciliosa
klaverzuring	n	de · mv. klaverzuringen	wood sorrel, oxalis (any plant of the genus Oxalis)
gehoornd	a		horned
zwanenbloem	n	de · mv. zwanenbloemen	flowering rush (Butomus umbellatus)
klifzwaluw	n	de · mv. klifzwaluwen	a cliff swallow, any of various birds of the genus Petrochelidon that nest…
goudhaantje	n	het · mv. goudhaantjes	any beetle of the subfamily Chrysomelinae
rozemarijngoudhaantje	n	het · mv. rozemarijngoudhaantjes	rosemary beetle (Chrysolina americana)
veldsalie	n	de	meadow sage (Salvia pratensis)
weidesalie	n	de	synonym of veldsalie (“meadow sage (Salvia pratensis)”)
trilgras	n	het	quaking grass, any grass of the genus Briza
biggenkruid	n	het	a cat's ear, any plant of the genus Hypochaeris
kruipertje	n	het · mv. kruipertjes	wall barley (Hordeum murinum)
muizengerst	n	de	synonym of kruipertje (“wall barley, Hordeum murinum”)
gevoelswaarde	n	de · mv. gevoelswaarden	sentimental value; connotation
waarheidswaarde	n	de · mv. waarheidswaarden	truth value
duinroos	n	de · mv. duinrozen	the burnet rose, Rosa pimpinellifolia
sint-jacobsvlinder	n	de · mv. sint-jacobsvlinders	the cinnabar moth, Tyria jacobaeae
Eem	m		a river in Utrecht, Netherlands
voortleven	v	leefde voort – voortgeleefd	to live on, to continue to live
soelaas	n	het	solace
broodkruimel	n	de · mv. broodkruimels	breadcrumb
persoonsverheerlijking	n	de · mv. persoonsverheerlijkingen	cult of personality
verheerlijking	n	de · mv. verheerlijkingen	apotheosis, exaltation, glorification
slangenkruid	n	het	blueweed, viper's bugloss (Echium vulgare); any plant of the genus Echium
duivenkervel	n	de	fumitory (any plant of the genus Fumaria)
watermunt	n	de	water mint (Mentha aquatica)
bijvoet	n	de · mv. bijvoeten	mugwort (Artemisia vulgaris)
absintalsem	n	de · mv. absintalsems	wormwood (Artemisia absinthium)
weermoed	n	de	synonym of absintalsem (“wormwood, Artemisia absinthium”)
koekoeksbloem	n	de · mv. koekoeksbloemen	any plant of the (former) genus Lychnis, now generally included in the genus…
avondkoekoeksbloem	n	de · mv. avondkoekoeksbloemen	white campion, Silene latifolia
nachtkoekoeksbloem	n	de · mv. nachtkoekoeksbloemen	night-flowering catchfly (Silene noctiflora)
blaassilene	n	de · mv. blaassilenes	bladder campion, Silene vulgaris
absintisme	n	het	absinthism
leucisme	n	het	leucism
vogelkijkhut	n	de · mv. vogelkijkhutten	a bird hide, bird blind; a hut for watching birds, preferably unnoticed
kijkhut	n	de · mv. kijkhutten	a small hut for watching wildlife, preferably unnoticed
qowed	i		get lost, piss off
johanneskever	n	de · mv. johanneskevers	synonym of rozenkever (“garden chafer, June bug, Phyllopertha horticola”)
frambozenkever	n	de · mv. frambozenkevers	raspberry beetle (Byturus tomentosus)
vingerhoedskruid	n	het	a foxglove, any plant of the genus Digitalis; common foxglove (Digitalis purpurea)
biotoop	n	de · mv. biotopen	biotope
ecotoop	n	de · mv. ecotopen	ecotope
veldzuring	n	de · mv. veldzuringen	common sorrel (Rumex acetosa)
ratelaar	n	de · mv. ratelaars	any plant of the genus Rhinanthus; bow-winged grasshopper (Chorthippus biguttulus syn. Glyptobothrus biguttulus)
ossenstaart	n	de · mv. ossenstaarten	oxtail
ossentong	n	de · mv. ossentongen	the tongue of an ox; any plant of the genus Anchusa (some of which are now placed in the genus…
akelei	n	de · mv. akeleien	a columbine, any plant of the genus Aquilegia
wondklaver	n	de · mv. wondklavers	kidney vetch, woundwort (Anthyllis vulneraria)
jeugdherinnering	n	de · mv. jeugdherinneringen	childhood memory
vossenbes	n	de · mv. vossenbessen	lingonberry
Ghanese	n	de · mv. Ghanesen	Ghanaian woman
afleggersvereniging	n	de · mv. afleggersverenigingen	an association of volunteers who ritually wash a corpse and prepare it for…
langverwacht	a		long-awaited
roeispaan	n	de · mv. roeispanen	oar (flat-bladed lever for propelling water vessels)
Libiër	n	de · mv. Libiërs	Libyan (person from Libya)
Marokkaanse	n	de · mv. Marokkaansen	Moroccan woman
sporenkievit	n	de · mv. sporenkieviten	spur-winged lapwing (Vanellus spinosus)
stadsfiets	n	de · mv. stadsfietsen	a city bicycle
tegelwippen	v	tegelwipte – getegelwipt	to remove tiles (in one's backyard or elsewhere) and replace them with…
contaminatie	n	de · mv. contaminaties	contamination
infiltratie	n	de	infiltration
kandelaartoorts	n	de · mv. kandelaartoortsen	Hungarian mullein or showy mullein (Verbascum speciosum)
tuinreseda	n	de · mv. tuinreseda's	the mignonette (plant), Reseda odorata
muursla	n	de	wall lettuce (Lactuca muralis, syn. Mycelis muralis)
muurpeper	n	de · mv. muurpepers	wallpepper (Sedum acre)
vetkruid	n	het	a stonecrop, any plant of the genus Sedum (or of related genera such as…
barbarakruid	n	het	any plant of the genus Barbarea, including wintercress and yellow rockets
wetgevend	a		legislative
nieges	n	de	A broad term referring to something evil, shameful, unfortunate, ill-fated…
kaaljakker	n	de · mv. kaaljakkers	someone who is broke; a poor person
kuierlat	n	de · mv. kuierlatten	synonym of been (“leg”)
nakketikker	n	de · mv. nakketikkers	synonym of gierigaard (“miser, cheapskate”); a very annoying person
rechterlijk	a		judicial
rechterlijk	d		judicially
geïrriteerd	a		annoyed
peetmoeder	n	de · mv. peetmoeders	godmother (female godparent)
paaswake	n	de · mv. paaswaken	Easter Vigil
innovatief	a		innovative
connectie	n	de · mv. connecties	connection (between people); connection (in communication networks)
multitasken	v	multitaskte – gemultitaskt	to multitask
regulier	a		regular
negativiteit	n	de · mv. negativiteiten	negativity
levensreddend	a		life-saving
geklaag	n	het	complaining, moan
privétijd	n	de · mv. privétijden	personal time
dienstverlenend	a		service-providing
computerscherm	n	het · mv. computerschermen	computer screen
doorbloeding	n	de · mv. doorbloedingen	blood flow
beoordelingsgesprek	n	het · mv. beoordelingsgesprekken	assessment interview
onderuitgaan	v	ging onderuit – onderuitgegaan	to fall down (during movement); to go under, to fail; to lose a game
reguleren	v	reguleerde – gereguleerd	to regulate
eigenpijperij	n	de	synonym of zelfpijperij (“self-aggrandizing bullshit”)
barbeknoeien	v	barbeknoeide – gebarbeknoeid	to barbecue messily and casually
lepelblad	n	het · mv. lepelbladen	a spoonwort, scurvy-grass, any plant of the genus Cochlearia
alaam	n	het · mv. alamen	equipment, tooling
opbreken	v	brak op – opgebroken	to break up; to break camp; to cost dearly
normaalgesproken	d		usually
haarkleur	n	de · mv. haarkleuren	hair color
huidskleur	n	de · mv. huidskleuren	skin color
aberratie	n	de · mv. aberraties	aberration
Soedanese	n	de · mv. Soedanesen	Sudanese woman
oogkleur	n	de · mv. oogkleuren	eye color
kurkeik	n	de · mv. kurkeiken	cork oak, Quercus suber
eenheidscirkel	n	de · mv. eenheidscirkels	unit circle
bietsen	v	bietste – gebietst	to scrounge, bum, beg
paneren	v	paneerde – gepaneerd	to coat with breadcrumbs or paneermeel
houtblaasinstrument	n	het · mv. houtblaasinstrumenten	woodwind instrument
meldkamer	n	de · mv. meldkamers	emergency dispatch center
glühwein	n	de	mulled wine
gestructureerd	a		structured
semipermeabel	a		semipermeable
fascinatie	n	de · mv. fascinaties	fascination
boekrol	n	de · mv. boekrollen	scroll
schriftrol	n	de · mv. schriftrollen	scroll
woordvolgorde	n	de · mv. woordvolgorden	word order (order of syntactic constituents)
sibibusi	n	de · mv. sibibusi's	cloudburst, sudden torrential tropical rainstorm
veelsteveel	d		way too much
treurmaina	n	de · mv. treurmaina's	Indian myna (Acridotheres tristis)
Armeniër	n	de · mv. Armeniërs	Armenian (person from Armenia)
Armeense	n	de · mv. Armeensen	Armenian woman
borsjtsj	n	de	borscht (beetroot soup)
shortstay	n	de · mv. shortstays	love hotel
bijgedachte	n	de · mv. bijgedachten	association, implication; ulterior motive
conculega	n	de · mv. conculega's	a colleague, or a person working in the same sector for a different…
permitteren	v	permitteerde – gepermitteerd	to permit; to afford
profileren	v	profileerde – geprofileerd	to present an image of oneself
enkelsteens	a		Consisting of a single layer of stones or bricks
heruitzenden	v	zond heruit – heruitgezonden	to rebroadcast
onbespeelbaar	a		unplayable (of instruments)
sibiboesi	n	de · mv. sibiboesi's	dated spelling of sibibusi
Ierse	n	de · mv. Iersen	Irishwoman; woman from Ireland
Luxemburgse	n	de · mv. Luxemburgsen	a woman from Luxembourg (country or city)
contractbreuk	n	de · mv. contractbreuken	breach of contract
Kazachse	n	de · mv. Kazachsen	Kazakh woman
vleugelloos	a		wingless
buitensporigetekortenprocedure	n	de · mv. buitensporigetekortenprocedures	excessive deficit procedure (EDP) (a measure to limit the debt of EU Member…
Wout	m		a male given name
dotteren	v	dotterde – gedotterd	to perform balloon angioplasty
hangop	n	de	a type of Dutch strained yoghurt
animatie	n	de · mv. animaties	animation (act of giving life); enthusiasm, interest; animation (activities offered by a holiday resort)
reanimatie	n	de · mv. reanimaties	resuscitation
absentie	n	de · mv. absenties	absence
suggestie	n	de · mv. suggesties	suggestion
animeren	v	animeerde – geanimeerd	to enthuse; to animate
zoutmeer	n	het · mv. zoutmeren	salt lake
realisatie	n	de · mv. realisaties	realization (the act of making real); realization (the act of figuring out or becoming aware)
transactie	n	de · mv. transacties	transaction
kolenverslaving	n	de · mv. kolenverslavingen	coal addiction
kopvoeter	n	de · mv. kopvoeters	a tadpole person, headfooter: a primitive human figure drawn with the legs…
koppoter	n	de · mv. koppoters	synonym of kopvoeter
havercappuccino	n	de · mv. havercappuccino's	oat milk cappuccino
havermelkelite	n	de	a perceived group of left-liberal and highly educated yuppies, generally…
taalmodel	n	het · mv. taalmodellen	language model
heerlie	a		lovely, wonderful
onwijs	a		unwise; incredible, astonishing
onwijs	d		very, really (used as an intensifier)
randstedelijk	a		of or relating to the Randstad region of the Netherlands
gasontploffing	n	de · mv. gasontploffingen	gas explosion
magertjes	a		meager, skinny; poor, meager, insufficient
terughoudend	a		reticent, reserved, aloof
jongvolwassene	n	de · mv. jongvolwassenen	young adult, adolescent
wegrotten	v	rotte weg – weggerot	to rot away
smaakmaker	n	de · mv. smaakmakers	condiment (something used to enhance the flavor of food; for example, salt…; appetizer (something that creates or increases excitement for what is to follow)
jongvolwassen	a		young adult (having an age approximately between 18-30)
hondenvoer	n	het	dog food
Noorse	n	de · mv. Noorsen	Norwegian woman
Roemeen	n	de · mv. Roemenen	Romanian (person)
bilateraal	a		bilateral
bilateraal	n	de · mv. bilateralen	a meeting between two people, particularly between an employer/manager and…
roepia	n	de · mv. roepia's	rupiah (official currency of Indonesia)
bremraap	n	de · mv. bremrapen	a broomrape, a (generally parasitic) plant of the family Orobanchaceae
letterzetten	v	letterzette – geletterzet	synonym of zetten (“to typeset”)
letterzetter	n	de · mv. letterzetters	a typesetter; European spruce bark beetle (Ips typographus)
antikapitalist	n	de · mv. antikapitalisten	anticapitalist
antikapitalisme	n	het	anticapitalism
mediteren	v	mediteerde – gemediteerd	to meditate
mysterieus	a		mysterious, abstruse
Belgradoër	n	de · mv. Belgradoërs	Belgradian, Belgrader
Belgradoos	a		Belgradian
klimwand	n	de · mv. klimwanden	climbing wall
klimmuur	n	de · mv. klimmuren	climbing wall
klimrek	n	het · mv. klimrekken	jungle gym, climbing frame
voorwiel	n	het · mv. voorwielen	front wheel
achterwiel	n	het · mv. achterwielen	rear wheel
Londenaar	n	de · mv. Londenaars	a Londoner; an inhabitant of London
Londense	n	de · mv. Londensen	a female Londoner; a woman from London
taalfout	n	de · mv. taalfouten	grammatical error
sensueel	a		sensual (inducing pleasurable or erotic sensations)
Suryoyo	n	de · mv. Suryoye	a Turoyo-speaking member of the Assyrian or Syriac-Aramean ethnicity
Suryoyo	m		Turoyo (a Central Neo-Aramaic language traditionally spoken in the Tur Abdin…
opkomstplicht	n	de	obligation to show up
vertrouwensbreuk	n	de · mv. vertrouwensbreuken	breach of trust
dierenmarkt	n	de · mv. dierenmarkten	animal market (market where one can purchase animals)
autarkie	n	de · mv. autarkieën	self-sufficiency, autarky
districtscommissaris	n	de · mv. districtscommissarissen	district commissioner; a civil servant heading the civil administration in a…
Taedong	m		The river that flows through Pyongyang in North Korea
hereniging	n	de · mv. herenigingen	reunification
godsnaam	n	de · mv. godsnamen	the name of a god; a divine name, particularly that of the Abrahamic God; only used in in godsnaam
neergeschoten	a		shot down
Noord-Koreaan	n	de · mv. Noord-Koreanen	North Korean, a person from North Korea
Noord-Koreaans	a		North Korean; of, from or pertaining to North Korea or North Koreans
zodeklokje	n	het · mv. zodeklokjes	fairy's thimble (Campanula cochleariifolia)
prachtklokje	n	het · mv. prachtklokjes	peachleaf bellflower (Campanula persicifolia)
akkerklokje	n	het · mv. akkerklokjes	creeping bellflower (Campanula rapunculoides)
grasklokje	n	het · mv. grasklokjes	the harebell plant, Campanula rotundifolia
roggelelie	n	de · mv. roggelelies	an orange lily, Lilium bulbiferum
cichorei	n	de	a chicory; any plant of the genus Cichorium; synonym of wilde cichorei
moerasvaren	n	de · mv. moerasvarens	marsh fern (Thelypteris palustris)
bosvogel	n	de · mv. bosvogels	forest bird
bosvogeltje	n	het · mv. bosvogeltjes	Any plant of the genus Cephalanthera
onverricht	a		not done, not carried out
marjolein	n	de	a marjoram; any plant of the genus Origanum; synonym of echte marjolein (“marjoram, Origanum majorana”)
majoraan	n	de	synonym of marjolein (“marjoram (used as food)”); synonym of echte marjolein (“the marjoram plant, Oreganum majorana”)
zandkool	n	de · mv. zandkolen	a wall rocket; any plant of the genus Diplotaxis
hauw	n	de · mv. hauwen	silique (type of seedpod)
kwezelen	v	kwezelde – gekwezeld	to act, in particular to talk, in a way considered overly devout; to talk nonsense, to say meaningless things
commercialisatie	n	de · mv. commercialisaties	the act of commercializing
scheerschuim	n	het	shaving cream
areaal	n	het · mv. arealen	area, range
moerasandijvie	n	de · mv. moerasandijvies	swamp ragwort (Tephroseris palustris)
hazenpootje	n	het · mv. hazenpootjes	harefoot plant (Trifolium arvense); harefoot mushroom (Coprinopsis lagopus)
hazenpoot	n	de · mv. hazenpoten	hare's leg
geboortestad	n	de · mv. geboortesteden	hometown (an individual's place of birth)
eindgebruiker	n	de · mv. eindgebruikers	end consumer, end user
klootzakkerig	a		assholish
gekkig	a		synonym of gek (“crazy, weird, quaint”)
schubvaren	n	de · mv. schubvarens	rustyback fern, ceterach (Asplenium ceterach)
tongvaren	n	de · mv. tongvarens	hart's tongue (Asplenium scolopendrium)
muurvaren	n	de · mv. muurvarens	wall-rue, Asplenium ruta-muraria
fosfeen	n	het · mv. fosfenen	phosphene
occultatie	n	de · mv. occultaties	occultation (astronomical event)
servicestation	n	het · mv. servicestations	filling station, petrol station (UK), gas station (US)
klimopbremraap	n	de · mv. klimopbremrapen	ivy broomrape (Orobanche hederae)
schubwortel	n	de · mv. schubwortels	a toothwort; any plant of the genus Lathraea
prachtschubwortel	n	de · mv. prachtschubwortels	synonym of paarse schubwortel (“Lathraea clandestina”)
lhbt	n	de · mv. lhbt's	a person who is part of the LGBT umbrella
eendenbek	n	de · mv. eendenbekken	speculum (medical tool for examining cavities)
facultatief	a		facultative, optional, elective
facultair	a		pertaining to a (university) faculty
vrekkig	a		miserly, avaricious
raaigras	n	het · mv. raaigrassen	ryegrass, grass of the genus Lolium
schriftgeleerde	n	de · mv. schriftgeleerden	someone versed in Holy Writ, particularly in reference to Second Temple…; a scribe, a professional writer, copyist, etc
schilmesje	n	het · mv. schilmesjes	paring knife, peeler (a household utensil for peeling fruits or vegetables)
veehoudster	n	de · mv. veehoudsters	a woman who keeps livestock, a female livestock farmer
snijmais	n	de	chopped maize, chopped corn (used as fodder)
dichtbevolkt	a		densely populated
faliekant	d		completely, entirely; chiefly modifying mis, fout, verkeerd or synonyms or…; wrongly, awry, completely wrong
faliekant	a		wrong, incorrect, mistaken; egregious
faliekant	n	de	a side that does not have straight line; a crooked, deficient side
landbouwbedrijf	n	het · mv. landbouwbedrijven	a farming business, a business engaged in agriculture (e.g. a farm, a…
voedselzekerheid	n	de	food security
krachtvoer	n	het · mv. krachtvoeren	feed concentrate, concentrated feed
stikstofcrisis	m		an ecological, legal and political crisis in the Netherlands since 2019…
onschatbaar	a		invaluable, priceless
geheimschrijver	n	de · mv. geheimschrijvers	secretary; someone who conducts the confidential, or secret, correspondence of a high…; someone who is underhanded, sneaky, secretive, duplicitous
stofzaad	n	het · mv. stofzaden	the pinesap plant, Monotropa hypopitys
saprofyt	n	de · mv. saprofyten	saprophyte
waterrietzanger	n	de · mv. waterrietzangers	the aquatic warbler, Acrocephalus paludicola
Tongaans	m		Tongan (language)
Tongaans	a		Tongan, in, from or relating to Tonga
Tongaanse	n	de · mv. Tongaansen	a Tongan woman
Tongaan	n	de · mv. Tonganen	a Tongan
Geul	m		A river in Belgium and Netherlands. In the Netherlands the river flows into…
egelantier	n	de · mv. egelantiers	sweetbrier, eglantine (Rosa rubiginosa, syn. Rosa eglanteria)
chamaefyt	n	de · mv. chamaefyten	chamaephyte
gametofyt	n	de · mv. gametofyten	gametophyte
cryptofyt	n	de · mv. cryptofyten	cryptophyte
endofyt	n	de · mv. endofyten	endophyte
fanerofyt	n	de · mv. fanerofyten	phanerophyte
hemicryptofyt	n	de · mv. hemicryptofyten	hemicryptophyte
geofyt	n	de · mv. geofyten	geophyte
helofyt	n	de · mv. helofyten	helophyte
hygrofyt	n	de · mv. hygrofyten	hygrophyte
sporofyt	n	de · mv. sporofyten	sporophyte
therofyt	n	de · mv. therofyten	therophyte
tjanten	v	tjantte – getjant	to flirt, to seduce, to hit on
twitchbaar	a		twitchable
schrimpen	v	schromp – geschrompen	to shrivel, to shrink and wrinkle
kruisteken	n	het · mv. kruistekens	sign of the cross
Waddeneilanden	m		Frisian Islands (an archipelago of the Netherlands, Germany and Denmark,…
uitgaansleven	n	het	nightlife, nightlife scene
duinviooltje	n	het · mv. duinviooltjes	dune pansy (Viola tricolor curtisii, a subspecies of wild pansy)
waddeneiland	n	het · mv. waddeneilanden	island in a tidal mudflat; synonym of Waddeneiland (“island of the Frisian Islands”)
Waddeneiland	n	het · mv. Waddeneilanden	an island of the Frisian Islands
buigpunt	n	het · mv. buigpunten	point of inflection (point on a curve at which the sign of the curvature…
opklaring	n	de · mv. opklaringen	sunny spell, bright spell, bright interval
dagmerrie	n	de · mv. dagmerries	a daymare; a waking nightmare
archeofyt	n	de · mv. archeofyten	archaeophyte (non-native plant species introduced before 1500)
meisjesoog	n	het · mv. meisjesogen	a girl's eye
meisjesogen	n	de	plains coreopsis (Coreopsis tinctoria)
gaslighten	v	gaslightte – gegaslight	to gaslight
Jordaniër	n	de · mv. Jordaniërs	Jordanian (person)
plussen	v	pluste – geplust	only used in plussen en minnen
schiftingsvraag	n	de · mv. schiftingsvragen	tiebreaker question
militarisering	n	de · mv. militariseringen	militarization
x-aantal	n	het · mv. x-aantallen	x number of, x amount of (unknown or unspecified number of)
traineren	v	traineerde – getraineerd	to stall, delay, drag one's feet, dawdle, put off
gezelschapsdier	n	het · mv. gezelschapsdieren	companion animal, pet
Vogelkop	m		Vogelkop; the Bird's Head peninsula in Indonesia
adventief	a		adventive
adventief	n	het · mv. adventieven	an adventive; a non-native naturalized species
medestudent	n	de · mv. medestudenten	fellow student
woladventief	n	het · mv. woladventieven	an adventive plant species first introduced to a region through the import…
podcasten	v	podcastte – gepodcast	to podcast
ranonkel	n	de · mv. ranonkels	a ranuncle, crowfoot, buttercup; any plant of the genus Ranunculus
ereprijs	n	de · mv. ereprijzen	a prize of honor; a reward given for the honor of the recipient; speedwell (plant of the genus Veronica)
lisdodde	n	de · mv. lisdodden	cattail (any plant of the genus Typha)
dodde	n	de · mv. dodden	a long, soft raceme, as of a cattail plant
Libanees	a		Lebanese (of or pertaining to Lebanon)
Libanees	n	de · mv. Libanezen	Lebanese (person from Lebanon)
pikketanis	n	de · mv. pikketanissen	a serving of jenever
vrijdagmiddag	n	de · mv. vrijdagmiddagen	Friday afternoon
doddegras	n	het	a timothy or catstail; any plant of the genus Phleum
zanddoddegras	n	het	sand catstail, sand timothy (Phleum arenarium)
timoteegras	n	het	a timothy; name given to certain species of plant of the genus Phleum; synonym of gewoon timoteegras (“Phleum pratense”)
uitstoter	n	de · mv. uitstoters	emitter
depositie	n	de · mv. deposities	deposition (act of depositing material, especially by a natural process); deposition (ritual placement of relics in a church or shrine)
vakjargon	n	het · mv. vakjargons	specialised jargon, technical specialist language
landbouwgrond	n	de · mv. landbouwgronden	agricultural land; agricultural soil
veengebied	n	het · mv. veengebieden	peatland, moorland (land with peat soil)
onduurzaam	a		unsustainable, not green, not renewable; undurable, not lasting
bodemdaling	n	de · mv. bodemdalingen	subsidence of soil
verzakking	n	de · mv. verzakkingen	sinking, subsidence
milieuregel	n	de · mv. milieuregels	an environmental rule (of environmental regulation)
familiebedrijf	n	het · mv. familiebedrijven	a family business, a company operated by a family or by relatives
landbouwbeleid	n	het	agricultural policy
speelgoedpaard	n	het · mv. speelgoedpaarden	toy horse
uitkopen	v	kocht uit – uitgekocht	to buy out
polarisatie	n	de	polarisation
aanlokkelijk	a		attractive, alluring, tempting
opboksen	v	bokste op – opgebokst	to contend with effort [with tegen ‘with’], to act with exertion
natuurbeheer	n	het	management of nature, environmental management, conservation
groeiproces	n	het · mv. groeiprocessen	growing process, growth process
potgrond	n	de	potting soil
hoofdbestanddeel	n	het · mv. hoofdbestanddelen	main component, main element (main part of a greater whole)
veenmoeras	n	het · mv. veenmoerassen	bog, a peat wetland or moorland
afgraving	n	de · mv. afgravingen	excavation, delving (the act of excavating, delving etc., especially of…; excavation, dig (site that is excavated, delved for resources)
plantencel	n	de · mv. plantencellen	plant cell (cyte of a plant, of an organism of the plant kingdom)
plantenmateriaal	n	het	plant material, plant resources
waterbeheer	n	het	water management, water governance
plantenvoeding	n	de · mv. plantenvoedingen	plant food, plant nutrient; plant nutrition
plantenrest	n	de · mv. plantenresten	plant remnant, plant residue
muggenlarve	n	de · mv. muggenlarven	mosquito larva
springstaart	n	de · mv. springstaarten	springtail, arthropod of the class Collembola
beerdiertje	n	het · mv. beerdiertjes	tardigrade, water bear, animal of the phylum Tardigrada
uitpoepen	v	poepte uit – uitgepoept	to excrete (as excrement), to poop out
microbioom	n	het · mv. microbiomen	microbiome
bioom	n	het · mv. biomen	biome
verteringskanaal	n	het · mv. verteringskanalen	digestive tract, intestinal tract
schimmeldraad	n	de · mv. schimmeldraden	hypha
schimmelnetwerk	n	het · mv. schimmelnetwerken	fungal network
verlengstuk	n	het · mv. verlengstukken	a piece that extends something, an extension
bovengronds	a		above-ground
bodemdier	n	het · mv. bodemdieren	bottom-dwelling animal, a benthic animal or animal inhabiting soil
bodemleven	n	het	bottom-dwelling life (organisms)
landbouwgewas	n	het · mv. landbouwgewassen	agricultural crop
cuberdon	n	de · mv. cuberdons	cuberdon, a cone-shaped Belgian candy from Ghent
hongerneger	n	de · mv. hongernegers	a hungry black person
beteuterd	a		crestfallen
alpenviooltje	n	het · mv. alpenviooltjes	synonym of cyclaam (“cyclamen”)
cyclaam	n	de · mv. cyclamen	a cyclamen, a plant of the genus Cyclamen
slangenhalsvogel	n	de · mv. slangenhalsvogels	an anhinga, darter, snakebird; any bird of the genus Anhinga
correleren	v	correleerde – gecorreleerd	to correlate
klessebessen	v	klessebeste – geklessebest	to chitchat
laakbaar	a		objectionable, reprehensible
berispelijk	a		objectionable, reprehensible, reprovable
pinaren	v	pinaarde – gepinaard	to struggle, to have a hard time, to suffer
Sarel	m		a male given name from Afrikaans
toeten	v	toette – getoet	to toot, to blow a horn or make a similar sound
blubberen	v	blubberde – geblubberd	to produce a slow, bubbling sound; to muddle through, move slowly through a mud-like substance
ooievaarsbek	n	de · mv. ooievaarsbekken	a geranium, cranesbill; any plant of the genus Geranium
reigersbek	n	de · mv. reigersbekken	an erodium or storksbill; any plant of the genus Erodium; common storksbill (Erodium cicutarium)
afschatten	v	schatte af – afgeschat	to estimate; to bound from above; to lower someone's disability benefits when they are found to be (partially)…
robertskruid	n	het	herb Robert (Geranium robertianum)
duinreigersbek	n	de · mv. duinreigersbekken	Erodium cicutarium subsp. dunense, a subspecies of common storksbill
beemdooievaarsbek	n	de · mv. beemdooievaarsbekken	meadow cranesbill, Geranium pratense
aflasten	v	lastte af – afgelast	synonym of afgelasten
aflassen	v	laste af – afgelast	synonym of afgelasten
smoorverliefd	a		madly in love, head over heels
geloofsgemeenschap	n	de · mv. geloofsgemeenschappen	religious community; denomination
yahtzeeën	v	yahtzeede – geyahtzeed	to play Yahtzee
viervlak	n	het · mv. viervlakken	tetrahedron
krankheid	n	de · mv. krankheden	sickness, illness, infirmity
herik	n	de · mv. heriken	charlock (Rhamphospermum arvense, syns. Sinapis arvensis, etc.)
knopherik	n	de · mv. knopheriken	wild radish (Raphanus raphanistrum)
kaardenbol	n	de · mv. kaardenbollen	a teasel, any plant of genus Dipsacus
wereldhoofdstad	n	de · mv. wereldhoofdsteden	world capital (most important place in the world in a particular context); Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see wereld, hoofdstad
Taiwanees	a		Taiwanese
Taiwanees	n	de · mv. Taiwanezen	Taiwanese person
Anderlecht	m		Anderlecht (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region, Belgium)
weverskaarde	n	de · mv. weverskaarden	synonym of grote kaardenbol (“wild teasel (Dipsacus fullonum)”)
beeldopname	n	de · mv. beeldopnamen	image recording; image capture
geluidsopname	n	de · mv. geluidsopnamen	sound recording
schoonmaakmiddel	n	het · mv. schoonmaakmiddelen	cleaning agent, cleaning product
Japanse	n	de · mv. Japansen	a Japanese woman
baatzuchtig	a		self-interested; profit-seeking
onbaatzuchtig	a		disinterested, selfless, altruistic
sukkelen	v	sukkelde – gesukkeld	to struggle (with poor health or physical infirmity, or with making progress…
prikneus	n	de · mv. prikneuzen	rose campion (Silene coronaria syn. Lychnis coronaria)
veenwortel	n	de · mv. veenwortels	water knotweed, Persicaria amphibia
reuzenberenklauw	n	de · mv. reuzenberenklauwen	giant hogweed (Heracleum mantegazzianum)
waterpeper	n	de · mv. waterpepers	hydropiper, water pepper, arsesmart (Persicaria hydropiper)
hoogstwaarschijnlijk	d		in all probability
hoogstwaarschijnlijk	a		highly probable, very likely
Heystek	m		an Afrikaans surname
lazerij	n	de · mv. lazerijen	body; leprosery, leper colony; leprosy
naaldvaren	n	de · mv. naaldvarens	any fern of the genus Polystichum
zwartsteel	n	de · mv. zwartstelen	black spleenwort (Asplenium adiantum-nigrum)
groensteel	n	de · mv. groenstelen	green spleenwort (Asplenium viride)
streepvaren	n	de · mv. streepvarens	spleenwort (any fern of the genus Asplenium)
scheepsbouwmaatschappij	n	de · mv. scheepsbouwmaatschappijen	shipbuilding company
bijenbrood	n	het · mv. bijenbroden	beebread, bee pollen
warkruid	n	het	a dodder, any plant of the genus Cuscuta
einzelgänger	n	de · mv. einzelgängers	loner
badineren	v	badineerde – gebadineerd	to jest, joke
personenmeerderheidsstelsel	n	het · mv. personenmeerderheidsstelsels	plurality block voting (an electoral system in which the voter casts a vote…
stikstofgas	n	het · mv. stikstofgassen	nitrogen gas (N₂ (g)); any gaseous nitrogen-based compound
verzetsman	n	de · mv. verzetsmannen	male resistance fighter
verzetsvrouw	n	de · mv. verzetsvrouwen	female resistance fighter
verzetsstrijdster	n	de · mv. verzetsstrijdsters	female resistance fighter, chiefly in relation to the resistance against the…
drijfmest	n	de	slurry, liquid manure
antistollingsmiddel	n	het · mv. antistollingsmiddelen	anticoagulant (that prevents coagulation, that stops blood from clotting)
dekstier	n	de · mv. dekstieren	stud, bull kept for breeding
vlasbekje	n	het · mv. vlasbekjes	yellow toadflax (Linaria vulgaris)
voorbedacht	a		premeditated
transitioneel	a		transitional
herevalueren	v	herevalueerde – geherevalueerd	to reassess, to reevaluate
lintbloem	n	de · mv. lintbloemen	ray flower
buisbloem	n	de · mv. buisbloemen	disc flower
focaliseren	v	focaliseerde – gefocaliseerd	to focalize
focalisatie	n	de · mv. focalisaties	focalization
focalisering	n	de · mv. focaliserings	focalization
focalisator	n	de · mv. focalisatoren	focalizer
tobbe	n	de · mv. tobben	a tub
stobbe	n	de · mv. stobben	synonym of stronk (“tree stump, stub”)
kruisbloem	n	de · mv. kruisbloemen	a cross-shaped Gothic ornament or finial; a crucifer; any plant of the family Brassicaceae
vleugeltjesbloem	n	de · mv. vleugeltjesbloemen	milkwort, any plant of the genus Polygala
kuifvleugeltjesbloem	n	de · mv. kuifvleugeltjesbloemen	Polygala comosa
schutblad	n	het · mv. schutbladeren	bract; flyleaf
huishoudwater	n	het	raw water, untreated water used for flushing toilets, washing cars and…
rivierwater	n	het · mv. rivierwateren	river water
ongezuiverd	a		unpurified, untreated
gekwalificeerd	a		qualified, meeting the standards and / or requirements
Utrechts	a		from Utrecht, relating to that Dutch city; Utrechtian
Utrechtse	n	de · mv. Utrechtsen	female Utrechter; a woman from Utrecht
darminfectie	n	de · mv. darminfecties	intestinal infection
waterzuivering	n	de · mv. waterzuiveringen	water treatment (any process that improves the quality of water)
waterrekening	n	de · mv. waterrekeningen	water bill
Vinex-wijk	n	de · mv. Vinex-wijken	new housing development built on the edge of a city following the Vinex…
nieuwbouwwijk	n	de · mv. nieuwbouwwijken	new-build neighbourhood
stadsplanner	n	de · mv. stadsplanners	urban planner
keuringsinstituut	n	het · mv. keuringsinstituten	inspection body
milieuvoordeel	n	het · mv. milieuvoordelen	environmental benefit
waternet	n	het · mv. waternetten	water network
badmintonracket	n	het · mv. badmintonrackets	badminton racket
tennisarm	n	de · mv. tennisarmen	tennis elbow
voetbalploeg	n	de · mv. voetbalploegen	soccer team
hockeyploeg	n	de · mv. hockeyploegen	hockey team
basketbalploeg	n	de · mv. basketbalploegen	basketball team
volleybalploeg	n	de · mv. volleybalploegen	volleyball team
reddingsploeg	n	de · mv. reddingsploegen	rescue team
reserveploeg	n	de · mv. reserveploegen	reserve team
hulpploeg	n	de · mv. hulpploegen	rescue team
avondploeg	n	de · mv. avondploegen	evening shift; night shift
duizendguldenkruid	n	het	a centaury, any plant of the genus Centaurium
strandduizendguldenkruid	n	het	seaside centaury (Centaurium littorale)
centaurie	n	de	a knapweed, starthistle, centaury; any plant of the genus Centaurea
stalkruid	n	het	a restharrow, any plant of the genus Ononis, particularly spiny restharrow…
dawenen	v	dawende – gedawend	to daven; to pray
minjan	n	de/het · mv. minjaniem	minyan
kattendoorn	n	de · mv. kattendoorns	spiny restharrow (Ononis spinosa subsp. spinosa)
kattenstaart	n	de · mv. kattenstaarten	a cat's tail; a loosestrife, any plant of the genus Lythrum
noaberschap	n	het	the quality or virtue of neighbourliness, particularly when regarded as a…
arbeidsongeschikt	a		unfit for paid employment due to a disability
slaapkamergeluk	n	het	baby's tears, mother of thousands (Soleirolia soleirolii)
poffen	v	pofte – gepoft	to cook food in its own moisture; to pop, puff
poffertjesporem	n	het · mv. poffertjesporems	ugly face
vijfvingerkruid	n	het	creeping cinquefoil (Potentilla reptans)
zeebies	n	de · mv. zeebiezen	synonym of heen (“Bolboschoenus maritimus”)
zeewolfsmelk	n	de	sea spurge (Euphorbia paralias)
zeedistel	n	de · mv. zeedistels	synonym of blauwe zeedistel (“sea holly, Eryngium maritimum”)
cipreswolfsmelk	n	de	cypress spurge (Euphorbia cyparissias)
geschiktheid	n	de	suitability, appropriateness, fittingness, adequacy
arbeidsongeschiktheid	n	de	mental or physical unfitness for paid employment
rijksmonument	n	het · mv. rijksmonumenten	rijksmonument
Willebroek	m		a city and municipality in the province of Antwerp, Belgium
ongediplomeerd	a		diplomaless, undiplomaed
moerasanemoon	n	de · mv. moerasanemonen	heartleaf, lizard's tail, chameleon plant (Houttuynia cordata)
lansvaren	n	de · mv. lansvarens	northern hollyfern (Polystichum lonchitis)
zwaardvaren	n	de · mv. zwaardvarens	western sword fern (Polystichum munitum)
ijzervaren	n	de · mv. ijzervarens	any fern of the genus Cyrtomium; house holly-fern (Cyrtomium falcatum)
vliesvaren	n	de · mv. vliesvarens	a filmy fern, any fern of the family Hymenophyllaceae
lintvaren	n	de · mv. lintvarens	a brake, any fern of the genus Pteris; Cretan brake (Pteris cretica)
proleet	n	de · mv. proleten	a badly mannered person; someone who uses a lot of vulgar language; a vulgarian
basioniem	n	het · mv. basioniemen	basionym
pleasen	v	pleasede – gepleased	to please someone (in a psychologically unhealthy way); to pander,…
kringverjaardag	n	de · mv. kringverjaardagen	a birthday party where those in attendance mostly sit in a circle (sometimes…
duperen	v	dupeerde – gedupeerd	to victimize, unfairly burden someone with a problem
reuzenreiger	n	de · mv. reuzenreigers	Goliath heron (Ardea goliath)
goliathreiger	n	de · mv. goliathreigers	synonym of reuzenreiger (“Goliath heron, Ardea goliath”)
Atreïde	n	de · mv. Atreïden	Atreid
strooisel	n	het	something that is strewn or scattered, such as straw or litter
bedenksel	n	het · mv. bedenksels	idea, invention; fabrication, figment, fantasy, delusion
warmpjes	a		warm, comfortably warm
warmpjes	d		warmly
geaderd	a		veined
dorstlessend	a		thirst-quenching
ganzenvoet	n	de · mv. ganzenvoeten	goosefoot, plant of genus Chenopodium, or more broadly any plant of the…
amarantenfamilie	m		Amaranthaceae
tweezaadlobbige	n	de · mv. tweezaadlobbigen	dicotyledon; eudicot
melganzenvoet	n	de · mv. melganzenvoeten	white goosefoot, Chenopodium album
muurganzenvoet	n	de · mv. muurganzenvoeten	nettle-leaved goosefoot (Chenopodiastrum murale)
boomspinazie	n	de · mv. boomspinazies	tree spinach, Chenopodium giganteum
meristeem	n	het · mv. meristemen	meristem
duizendblad	n	het · mv. duizendbladen	yarrow, any plant of genus Achillea; common yarrow (Achillea millefolium)
dropveter	n		a type of candy that consists of a string of licorice, often (but not…
geslachtsorgaan	n	het · mv. geslachtsorganen	sex organ
oorontsteking	n	de · mv. oorontstekingen	otitis (inflammation of the ear)
schabbig	a		shabby
kreits	n	de · mv. kreitsen	imperial circle (administrative grouping of the Holy Roman Empire)
wettigen	v	wettigde – gewettigd	to make legal; to justify (in the broad sense), to provide an acceptable motivation or…
mesjoggene	n	de · mv. mesjoggenen	a madman, meshuggener, fool
negotie	n	de · mv. negotiën	trade; trade goods
tjakka	i		Exclamation of enthusiasm, somewhat similar to English booyah
hoplakee	i		hey presto! there we go!; upsadaisy!
hoppakee	i		hey presto! there we go!; upsadaisy!
Thailandse	n	de · mv. Thailandsen	a Thai woman
borststem	n	de · mv. borststemmen	chest voice
aanschafprijs	n	de · mv. aanschafprijzen	synonym of aankoopprijs
aanhikken	v	hikte aan – aangehikt	to dread something
opschalen	v	schaalde op – opgeschaald	to scale up; to increase the mobilisation or deployment of emergency services during a…
onnatuurlijk	a		unnatural, artificial
aankoopprijs	n	de · mv. aankoopprijzen	purchase price
ooftboom	n	de · mv. ooftbomen	fruit tree (tree that yields edible fruit)
kersenpit	n	de · mv. kersenpitten	a cherry pit; a human head, particularly the brain
patserbak	n	de · mv. patserbakken	a pimpmobile, a pimped up car
asobak	n	de · mv. asobakken	any car such as would be perceived to be used by antisocial, inconsiderate…
statusblik	n	het · mv. statusblikken	a fancy car
comporteren	v	comporteerde – gecomporteerd	to comport oneself
galgje	n	het · mv. galgjes	the game of hangman
uitlevering	n	de · mv. uitleveringen	extradition (formal process by which a criminal suspect held by one…
hoedenplank	n	de · mv. hoedenplanken	parcel shelf (usually removable shelf behind the back seats of a car)
ontlening	n	de · mv. ontleningen	borrowing
leenbetekenis	n	de · mv. leenbetekenissen	loan meaning
kruissnelheid	n	de · mv. kruissnelheden	cruising speed (speed at which a vehicle normally moves when traveling long…; stride (pace at which one feels comfortable and things are going smoothly)
kanshebber	n	de · mv. kanshebbers	contender, strong candidate (someone who has a good shot at winning)
tegenvoorbeeld	n	het · mv. tegenvoorbeelden	counterexample
gedupeerd	a		cheated, deceived
metaalbewerking	n	de · mv. metaalbewerkingen	metalworking
ontvolgen	v	ontvolgde – ontvolgd	to unfollow (to cease to subscribe to a feed of another user's activity)
driehoeksmeetkunde	n	de	trigonometry
positionering	n	de · mv. positioneringen	positioning
infantilisering	n	de · mv. infantiliseringen	infantilization
bewolken	v	bewolkte – bewolkt	to cloud, to cover with clouds
isomeer	n	het · mv. isomeren	isomer
isotoop	n	de · mv. isotopen	isotope
homogenisering	n	de · mv. homogeniseringen	homogenization
moralisering	n	de · mv. moraliseringen	moralization
gewetensangst	n	de · mv. gewetensangsten	anxiety of conscience, contrition
boetvaardig	a		repentant
kieskeurig	a		choosy, fastidious, fussy
eliminering	n	de · mv. elimineringen	elimination
trivialisering	n	de · mv. trivialiseringen	trivialization
gewetensvrijheid	n	de · mv. gewetensvrijheden	freedom of conscience
zwemkom	n	de · mv. zwemkommen	swimming pool
bospolitie	n	de	former police force tasked with monitoring timber logging, rubber…; screaming piha (Lipaugus vociferans)
nestgeur	n	de · mv. nestgeuren	the smell of a nest or bed; an atmosphere of comfort (comfort zone) or of comfortable lull or stagnation
verpatsen	v	verpatste – verpatst	to squander, to waste
groenhartvogel	n	de · mv. groenhartvogels	screaming piha (Lipaugus vociferans)
kletteren	v	kletterde – gekletterd	to clatter, rattle
gekletter	n	het	clattering, rattling
groenhart	n	de · mv. groenharten	araguaney, yellow lapacho (Handroanthus serratifolius); wood from the Tabebuia serratifolia tree
wapengekletter	n	het	din of battle; sabre-rattling
sabelgekletter	n	het	din of sabres clashing; sabre-rattling
sabeltandtijger	n	de · mv. sabeltandtijgers	sabre-toothed tiger; felid of the †Machairodontinae
verbrassen	v	verbraste – verbrast	to squander, to waste
tijgerlelie	n	de · mv. tijgerlelies	tiger lily (Lilium lancifolium)
Hoogmadenaar	n	de · mv. Hoogmadenaren	an inhabitant of Hoogmade, a village in Zuid-Holland
idolaat	a		idolatrous, worshipping idols; idolatrous, excessively adulating or reverent
haarlak	n	de · mv. haarlakken	hair spray
haarloos	a		hairless
hoofdhaar	n	het	headhair
behaard	a		having hair, covered in hair; haired, hairy
borsthaar	n	het	chest hair
diezelfde	t		that same, the aforementioned; those same
diezelfde	r		that same [thing], the aforementioned
dinsdagmiddag	n	de · mv. dinsdagmiddagen	Tuesday afternoon
hulpverleningsvoertuig	n	het · mv. hulpverleningsvoertuigen	emergency vehicle
hulpverlening	n	de · mv. hulpverleningen	assistance, aid; outreach; relief work, relief effort
donderdagavond	n	de · mv. donderdagavonden	Thursday evening
donderdagavond	d		Thursday evening
opendeurdag	n	de · mv. opendeurdagen	open day (casual event where an institution is open for inspection by anyone…
bankpas	n	de · mv. bankpassen	bank card
Gazaan	n	de · mv. Gazanen	Gazan, Palestinian inhabitant of Gaza
gevechtspauze	n	de · mv. gevechtspauzen	a pause in a military effort, a pause in fighting
terreurdaad	n	de · mv. terreurdaden	an act of terror, a terrorist act
erectiestoornis	n	de · mv. erectiestoornissen	erectile dysfunction
kutwijf	n	het · mv. kutwijven	bitch, whore (annoying or despicable woman)
kapotslaan	v	sloeg kapot – kapotgeslagen	to smash, to crush (break violently); to beat up, to beat to a pulp (give a severe beating); to break, to destroy (severely damage)
meekijken	v	keek mee – meegekeken	to watch together (or online), to look together; to look or observe what someone is doing
gelukzoeker	n	de · mv. gelukzoekers	fortune hunter
klimaatdrammer	n	de · mv. klimaatdrammers	climate hawk (person advocating aggressive steps regarding climate change)
complotdenken	n	het	conspiratorialism, belief in conspiracy theories
antropocentrisme	n	het	anthropocentrism
stereotiep	a		stereotypical
bloedirritant	a		extremely annoying
strontvervelend	a		extremely annoying
strontirritant	a		extremely annoying
schildzaad	n	het · mv. schildzaden	an alyssum, any plant of (or formerly included in) the genus Alyssum
zilverschildzaad	n	het · mv. zilverschildzaden	sweet alyssum (Lobularia maritima)
zinspelen	v	zinspeelde – gezinspeeld	to allude, refer obliquely to something, suggest surreptitiously
zinspeling	n	de · mv. zinspelingen	allusion, oblique reference
straalscherm	n	het · mv. straalschermen	white laceflower (Orlaya grandiflora)
Harmen	m		a male given name, equivalent to English Herman
Slangeneiland	m		Snake Island, an island of Ukraine in the Black Sea
Bachmoet	m		Bakhmut, a city and raion in Ukraine
Izjoem	m		Izium, a city and raion in Ukraine
Cherson	m		Kherson, a city, raion and oblast in Ukraine
Zaporizja	m		Zaporizhzhia (an industrial city, the administrative centre of Zaporizhzhia…; Zaporizhzhia (a raion of Zaporizhzhia Oblast, Ukraine); Zaporizhzhia (an oblast in southeast Ukraine, also illicitly claimed by Russia)
Loehansk	m		Luhansk, a city, raion and oblast in Ukraine
Marioepol	m		Mariupol, a city and raion in Ukraine
Kropyvnytsky	m		Kropyvnytskyi, a city and raion of Ukraine
Tsjerkasy	m		Cherkasy, a city, raion and oblast in Ukraine
Tsjernihiv	m		Chernihiv, a city, raion and oblast in Ukraine
Tsjernivtsi	m		Chernivtsi, a city, raion and oblast in Ukraine
Chmelnytsky	m		Khmelnytskyi, a city, raion and oblast in Ukraine
Soemy	m		Sumy, a city, raion and oblast in Ukraine
Vinnytsja	m		Vinnytsia, a city, raion and oblast in Ukraine
Wolynië	m		Volyn (an oblast of Ukraine)
Transkarpatië	m		Zakarpattia, Transcarpathia; an oblast in Ukraine
Karpatië	m		Carpathia (the region of the Carpathian Mountains, in Central Europe)
Zjytomyr	m		Zhytomyr, a city, raion and oblast in Ukraine
Karpatisch	a		Carpathian
plempen	v	plempte – geplempt	to fill in water with mud; to dump
neerplempen	v	plempte neer – neergeplempt	to dump on some lower surface, throw or cast down
ramptoerist	n	de · mv. ramptoeristen	disaster tourist (one who takes part in disaster tourism)
demoralisering	n	de · mv. demoraliseringen	demoralization
dovemansgesprek	n	het · mv. dovemansgesprekken	dialogue of the deaf (dialogue where both participants speak past one…
zaaiui	n	de · mv. zaaiuien	onion for seeding/sowing
kristallisering	n	de · mv. kristalliseringen	synonym of kristallisatie (“crystallization”)
lokalisering	n	de · mv. lokaliseringen	localization (act of localizing, state of being localized)
heidenjacht	n	de · mv. heidenjachten	a manhunt against outlawed Romani under the Ancien Régime
heidenchristen	n	de · mv. heidenchristenen	gentile Christian
gasbeton	n	het	autoclave cellular concrete
zinloosheid	n	de · mv. zinloosheden	senselessness, pointlessness, meaninglessness, inanity, futility (property…; inanity (something that is inane)
vervolledigen	v	vervolledigde – vervolledigd	to complete (something)
gezinshereniging	n	de · mv. gezinsherenigingen	family reunification
arafatsjaal	n	de · mv. arafatsjaals	a keffiyeh
Palestijnensjaal	n	de · mv. Palestijnensjaals	a keffiyeh
Zarel	m		a male given name from Afrikaans
onteigening	n	de · mv. onteigeningen	expropriation
nietsontziend	a		ruthless, indiscriminate
nietsvermoedend	a		unsuspecting
energieverbruik	n	het	energy consumption
bloedstollend	a		blood-curdling, blood-chilling
lemmatisering	n	de · mv. lemmatiseringen	lemmatization
kwarrel	n	de · mv. kwarrels	a superficial or budding fuckbuddy-type relationship which one considers…; a person with whom one has such a relationship
benzoëzuur	n	het · mv. benzoëzuren	benzoic acid
benzeencarbonzuur	n	het · mv. benzeencarbonzuren	benzoic acid
challe	n	de · mv. challes	challah
droosje	n	de · mv. droosjes	drasha, Jewish religious sermon
parasja	n	de · mv. parasjot	parashah, weekly portion of Torah
parsje	n	de · mv. parsjes	synonym of parasja (“parashah, weekly Torah portion”)
kiddoesj	n	de · mv. kiddoesjiem	kiddush
verafgoding	n	de · mv. verafgodingen	idolatry (worship of idols); idolatry (excessive admiration)
drankbestrijder	n	de · mv. drankbestrijders	temperance activist (male or of unspecified gender)
werkloosheidscijfer	n	het · mv. werkloosheidscijfers	unemployment rate
voorheffing	n	de · mv. voorheffingen	deduction
Joego	n	de · mv. Joego's	Yugoslav (person from former Yugoslavia)
Mocro	n	de · mv. Mocro's	synonym of Marokkaan (“Moroccan person”)
Mocro	a		synonym of Marokkaans (“Moroccan”)
verpersoonlijking	n	de · mv. verpersoonlijkingen	personification, embodiment, incarnation
verpersoonlijken	v	verpersoonlijkte – verpersoonlijkt	to embody, to incarnate, to personify
oogcontact	n	het · mv. oogcontacten	eye contact
steenkolenfrans	n	het	Dutchified French; the French language spoken poorly by a native Dutch…
semi-pelagianisme	n	het	Semipelagianism
pelagianisme	n	het	Pelagianism
heelheid	n	de	wholeness, completeness, integrity
onkreukbaarheid	n	de	integrity, probity, rectitude
arbeidersgezin	n	het · mv. arbeidersgezinnen	working-class family, working family
sjabbesgoj	n	de · mv. sjabbesgojim	shabbos goy
waxinelicht	n	het · mv. waxinelichten	tealight
herbruiken	v	herbruikte – herbruikt	synonym of hergebruiken (“to reuse, recycle”)
onzindelijk	a		not potty-trained, not toilet-trained, incontinent
onzindelijkheid	n	de	the state of not being housebroken or toilet-trained; incontinence (of…
onsympathiek	a		unsympathetic, unlikeable
pathetiek	n	de	pathos, especially in a negative sense
stempotlood	n	het · mv. stempotloden	pencil used for voting; particularly the characteristic red pencil present…
hokjesdenken	n	het	the tendency to think of people in term of rigid, reductionist labels and…
arbeidsschuw	a		synonym of werkschuw (“workshy”)
werkschuwheid	n	de	workshyness
arbeidsschuwheid	n	de	synonym of werkschuwheid (“workshyness”)
vozen	v	voosde – gevoosd	to perform sexual acts, make love
viezevozen	v	viezevoosde – geviezevoosd	to perform sexual acts, make love
gevoos	n	het	making love
responderen	v	respondeerde – gerespondeerd	to respond
geroddel	n	het	gossiping
lambiek	n	de · mv. lambieken	lambic beer
lambiekbier	n	het · mv. lambiekbieren	synonym of lambiek (“lambic beer”)
endometriose	n	de	endometriosis (generally painful condition characterised by the presence of…
baarmoederslijmvlies	n	het · mv. baarmoederslijmvliezen	endometrium (mucous membrane that lines the uterus in mammals and in which…
fenegriek	n	de	fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum); fenugreek: the seeds of Trigonella foenum-graecum used as a spice
kolderiek	a		ridiculous, risible, ludicrous, nonsensical
lichtfeest	n	het · mv. lichtfeesten	a festival or holiday of light, such as Sint-Maarten, Diwali or Hanukkah
Sint-Maarten	m		Martinmas
Chanoeka	m		Hanukkah
Chanoeklaas	m		a fusion of the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah and the Dutch Christian holiday…
Channeke	m		synonym of Chanoeka (“Hanukkah”)
Samplonius	m		a surname
doorlekken	v	lekte door – doorgelekt	to leak through; to menstruate through clothes (despite the presence of menstrual pads and…
bokshoorn	n	de · mv. bokshoorns	buckhorn; synonym of fenegriek
bokshoornklaver	n	de · mv. bokshoornklavers	synonym of fenegriek
rokjesdag	n	de · mv. rokjesdagen	the first day after the winter on which the weather is warm enough again to…
Cruijffiaans	m		the unique way of speaking by Dutch football player Johan Cruyff
Cruijffiaans	a		of or pertaining to Dutch football player Johan Cruyff; of or pertaining to the unique way of speaking by Dutch football player…
pechgeneratie	n	de · mv. pechgeneraties	group of students that amassed a large student debt when the basisbeurs…
waarmaken	v	maakte waar – waargemaakt	to make good, make happen
Lowies	m		a surname from the given name
kleumen	v		to be stiff from cold
padhagedis	n	de · mv. padhagedissen	horned lizard, horny toad, any lizard of the genus Phrynosoma
schrikvogel	n	de · mv. schrikvogels	terror bird
ambtenaresk	a		typical of public servants; bureaucratic, lazy
natriumchloride	n	het · mv. natriumchloriden	sodium chloride
keukenzout	n	het	table salt
tafelzout	n	het	synonym of keukenzout (“table salt”)
poederen	v	poederde – gepoederd	to powder
chilipoeder	n	het · mv. chilipoeders	chili powder
chilivlok	n	de · mv. chilivlokken	chili flake, red pepper flake
oorverdovend	a		earsplitting, deafening
maandagmiddag	n	de · mv. maandagmiddagen	Monday afternoon
houtje-touwtje	a		improvised, makeshift, make-do
piepelen	v	piepelde – gepiepeld	to belittle, humiliate; to mess with someone, dupe
hutjemutje	d		packed together tightly, very close together
erwtenpeul	n	de · mv. erwtenpeulen	pea pod
erwtenpeulboorder	n	de · mv. erwtenpeulboorders	pea moth (or pea-maggot in its caterpillar stage) (Cydia nigricana)
onesthetisch	a		unaesthetic
voorwaardelijkheid	n	de	conditionality
onvoorwaardelijkheid	n	de	unconditionality
vernikkelen	v	vernikkelde – vernikkeld	to nickel-plate; to become stiff with cold
verkleumen	v	verkleumde – verkleumd	to become stiff with cold
verzilveren	v	verzilverde – verzilverd	to silver-plate; to realize (convert an asset into cash)
Alexandrië	m		Alexandria (a city in Egypt); Alexandria (a governorate of Egypt)
beroepsmisvorming	n	het · mv. beroepsmisvormingen	behavior one regularly performs professionally and which one therefore…
topgozer	n	de · mv. topgozers	great guy
wereldgozer	n	de · mv. wereldgozers	great guy
topvent	n	de · mv. topvents	great guy
wereldvent	n	de · mv. wereldvents	great guy
topmeid	n	de · mv. topmeiden	great gal
wereldmeid	n	de · mv. wereldmeiden	great gal
wereldvrouw	n	de · mv. wereldvrouwen	great woman, fantastic woman
wereldwijf	n	de · mv. wereldwijven	great broad, fantastic woman
topwijf	n	de · mv. topwijven	great broad, fantastic woman
wereldman	n	de · mv. wereldmannen	great man, fantastic man
zwartgallig	a		somber, pessimistic
juslepel	n	de · mv. juslepels	gravy spoon, small ladle for serving gravy or sauces
sauslepel	n	de · mv. sauslepels	sauce spoon, small ladle for serving gravy or sauces
vredestichter	n	de · mv. vredestichters	peacemaker
verkoopbaar	a		saleable, sellable
kunstgeschiedenis	n	de · mv. kunstgeschiedenissen	art history
morgenavond	d		tomorrow evening
misvormd	a		misshapen, deformed
overconsumptie	n	de	overconsumption
sjnorrer	n	de · mv. sjnorrers	a schnorrer; a beggar or sponger
praatjesmaker	n	de · mv. praatjesmakers	chatterbox
rechtschapen	a		righteous, virtuous
wanschapen	a		monstrous, highly flawed, malformed
obstructie	n	de · mv. obstructies	obstruction, hindrance
hinderlijk	a		hindering, impeding, cumbersome
construeren	v	construeerde – geconstrueerd	to construe; to construct
obstrueren	v	obstrueerde – geobstrueerd	to obstruct
tuinjudaspenning	n	de · mv. tuinjudaspenningen	annual honesty (Lunaria annua)
zorgbarend	a		worrisome
kaasjeskruid	n	het	mallow (plant of genus Malva)
tyfen	v	tyfte – getyft	to throw, hurl
sodemieteren	v	sodemieterde – gesodemieterd	to hurl
sodeju	i		synonym of nondeju (“damn”)
zèta	n	de · mv. zèta's	zeta (letter of the Greek alphabet)
èta	n	de · mv. èta's	eta (letter of the Greek alphabet)
thèta	n	de · mv. thèta's	theta (letter of the Greek alphabet)
onoprecht	a		insincere, dishonest
weetbaar	a		knowable
onweetbaar	a		unknowable
weerbaar	a		resilient
toelaatbaar	a		allowable, permissible
ontoelaatbaar	a		unallowable, impermissible
weerbaarheid	n	de	resilience
ontoelaatbaarheid	n	de	impermissibility
toelaatbaarheid	n	de	permissibility
onoprechtheid	n	de	insincerity
zuurte	n	de · mv. zuurten	sourness, acidity
zuurheid	n	de	sourness, acidity
bitterheid	n	de	bitterness
zoetheid	n	de	sweetness
zoutheid	n	de	saltiness
zoutigheid	n	de	saltiness
zoutig	a		salty
ongezouten	a		unsalted; frank, direct, honest; without adornment or obfuscation
antifascistisch	a		antifascist
wasbeerhond	n	de · mv. wasbeerhonden	raccoon dog (canid of genus Nyctereutes, particularly Nyctereutes procyonoides)
leverbaar	a		suppliable
onleverbaar	a		unsuppliable
zaaddodend	a		spermicidal
intentie	n	de · mv. intenties	intention
covalentie	n	de · mv. covalenties	covalence
stellage	n	de · mv. stellages	scaffold(ing)
roodbuikwaterspreeuw	n	de · mv. roodbuikwaterspreeuwen	Cinclus cinclus aquaticus, a subspecies of white-throated dipper
zwartbuikwaterspreeuw	n	de · mv. zwartbuikwaterspreeuwen	Cinclus cinclus cinclus, a subspecies of white-throated dipper
goddeloosheid	n	de	godlessness
genaakbaar	a		approachable, accessible
genaakbaarheid	n	de	accessibility, approachability
benaderbaarheid	n	de	approachability
onbenaderbaarheid	n	de	unapproachability
ontoegankelijkheid	n	de	inaccessibility
ontoegankelijk	a		inaccessible
benaderbaar	a		approachable
onbenaderbaar	a		unapproachable
zondeval	n	de · mv. zondevallen	fall of man
omwereld	n	de	the world around us; the environment
renderen	v	rendeerde – gerendeerd	to pay off, generate a return on investment; to render (of digital media)
ongelikt	a		blunt, unpolished, uncivilized
zakendoen	v	deed zaken – zakengedaan	to do business
botheid	n	de · mv. botheden	rudeness, bluntness; bluntness, dullness, unsharpness
benutting	n	de · mv. benuttingen	use, utilization, employment
zegje	n	het · mv. zegjes	a say (a chance to speak)
wiegendood	n	de	crib death, cot death; sudden infant death syndrome
afkrijgen	v	kreeg af – afgekregen	to finish, to get something done
morning-afterpil	n	de · mv. morning-afterpillen	morning-after pill
hormoonspiraal	n	de · mv. hormoonspiralen	a hormonal intrauterine device (IUD)
koperspiraal	n	de · mv. koperspiralen	a copper (non-hormonal) intrauterine device (IUD)
wraaklust	n	de	vengefulness
wraakzucht	n	de	vengefulness
wraaklustig	a		vengeful, eager for revenge, vindictive
drinklust	n	de	an appetite for (alcoholic) drinking; a lust for alcohol
drinklustig	a		having a lust for drinking
griezelen	v	griezelde – gegriezeld	to spook, get spooked
griezeligheid	n	de	scariness, spookiness, grisliness
groezeligheid	n	de	grubbiness
poepiedoepie	n	het · mv. poepiedoepies	sweetie, cutie pie (term of endearment, typically for young children or animals)
ratjetoe	n	de/het · mv. ratjetoes	synonym of ratatouille; a diverse mixture, hodgepodge, mess
ziehier	i		behold!
ziedaar	i		behold!
felbegeerd	a		highly coveted
Sinterkerst	n	de	Sinterklaas and Christmas, treated as a single holiday
onomfloerst	a		clear, undisguised, without concealment, not sugarcoated
vertwijfelen	v	vertwijfelde – vertwijfeld	to despair, to lose hope
gaspeldoorn	n	de · mv. gaspeldoorns	gorse, specifically Ulex europaeus
linkiewinkie	n	het · mv. linkiewinkies	leftie
slimpie	n	het · mv. slimpies	a smart person
sloompie	n	het · mv. sloompies	a slowpoke
slimmerd	n	het · mv. slimmerds	a smart person
slimmerik	n	het · mv. slimmeriken	a smart person
dommerd	n	het · mv. dommerds	a stupid person
bladibla	i		synonym of blablabla (“blah blah blah”)
vrijelijk	d		freely
vrijuit	d		frankly, freely
vrijgevochten	a		liberated, nonconformist, licentious
vrijstellen	v	stelde vrij – vrijgesteld	to exempt
schurftig	a		mangy, scabious (afflicted with mange, with scabies)
azijnpisserij	n	de	grouchiness, curmudgeonry
kerstkalkoen	n	de · mv. kerstkalkoenen	Christmas turkey
zinsverband	n	het · mv. zinsverbanden	context
werkzaamheidsgraad	n	het · mv. werkzaamheidsgraden	employment rate
slotakkoord	n	het · mv. slotakkoorden	the final note or chord of a musical piece
labiel	a		labile, infirm, unstable
onguur	a		unpleasant, nasty; sinister, seedy, shady
riedel	n	de · mv. riedels	motif, short jingle, recurring sequence of notes; an oft-repeated explanation or phrase
verantwoordelijke	n	de · mv. verantwoordelijken	person responsible
connecteren	v	connecteerde – geconnecteerd	to connect
doemdenken	v	dacht doem – doemgedacht	to be pessimistic, have pessimistic thoughts
doemdenkerij	n	de	excessive pessimism
taboeïseren	v	taboeïseerde – getaboeïseerd	to make something taboo; tabooize
taboeïsering	n	de	tabooization; the act or process of making something taboo
mannengriep	n	de	man flu
aansteller	n	de · mv. aanstellers	crybaby
QR-code	n	de · mv. QR-codes	QR code
verstoffelijken	v	verstoffelijkte – verstoffelijkt	to materialize, make something material; to realize, bring into reality
ontstoffelijken	v	ontstoffelijkte – ontstoffelijkt	to dematerialize, make something immaterial
beschaafdheid	n	de	civility, politeness, good manners
Gerrie	m		a diminutive of the male given name Gerrit, Gerard or Gerardus, used also as…
midwinterhoorn	n	de · mv. midwinterhoorns	midwinter horn, a type of wooden trumpet blown around midwinter in certain…
bemoeizuchtig	a		meddlesome
bemoeizuchtigheid	n	de	synonym of bemoeizucht (“meddlesomeness”)
bemoeierig	a		meddlesome
zeikerig	a		whiny, naggy
zeurderig	a		whiny
asynchroon	a		asynchronous
diachroon	a		diachronic
verergering	n	de · mv. verergeringen	deterioration, worsening
kontlikken	v	kontlikte – gekontlikt	to lick ass; to rim; to brownnose, kiss ass
kontlikkerij	n	de	ass-kissing
vergoelijken	v	vergoelijkte – vergoelijkt	to minimize, downplay, make something seem better than it is
goelijk	a		goodly, benign
betaalbaarheid	n	de	affordability
zonzekerheid	n	de	guarantee that the sun will be there; guaranteed sun
voorklinker	n	de · mv. voorklinkers	front vowel
achterklinker	n	de · mv. achterklinkers	back vowel
lichtgevoelig	a		light-sensitive, photosensitive
winterkleren	n		winter clothes
middelloodlijn	n	de · mv. middelloodlijnen	perpendicular bisector
omzendbrief	n	de · mv. omzendbrieven	circular
ijshockeybaan	n	de · mv. ijshockeybanen	ice hockey rink, hockey rink
look-zonder-look	n	het	garlic mustard (Alliaria petiolata)
Presburg	m		Pressburg (former name of Bratislava: the capital city of Slovakia)
zitplaats	n	de · mv. zitplaatsen	a seat (a place in which to sit)
gemakzucht	n	de	laziness, inclination to choose the easy way out
zomerkleren	n		summer clothes
uitdrukkingsloos	a		expressionless, inexpressive, stolid
heroverwegen	v	heroverwoog – heroverwogen	to reconsider
borstplaat	n	de · mv. borstplaten	a breastplate; a piece of armor worn on the breast; a type of candy made of mostly sugar, water (or milk) and a flavoring agent…
vroegwijs	a		precocious
vroegeling	n	de · mv. vroegelingen	common whitlow grass (Erophila verna syn. Draba verna)
huppelkut	n	de · mv. huppelkutten	a woman or girl who is stupid, ditzy and/or naive in an annoying way
richtingscoëfficiënt	n	de · mv. richtingscoëfficiënten	slope
dichtspijkeren	v	spijkerde dicht – dichtgespijkerd	to nail shut, to board up
godswonder	n	het · mv. godswonderen	a miracle of divine origin; an unlikely positive outcome defying (pessimistic) expectations
onberedeneerd	a		unreasoned, without thinking about it thoroughly
Tisselt	m		a town in the municipality of Willebroek in the province of Antwerp, Belgium
Blaasveld	m		a town in the municipality of Willebroek in the province of Antwerp, Belgium
radslag	n	de · mv. radslagen	cartwheel (A gymnastic maneuver whereby the gymnast rotates to one side or…
leegdrinken	v	dronk leeg – leeggedronken	to finish a drink, to fully empty a drink
medestrijder	n	de · mv. medestrijders	fellow soldier, comrade, a companion in battle
gradiënt	n	de · mv. gradiënten	gradient (rate at which a physical quantity increases or decreases); gradient (the differential operator ∇)
doopsuiker	n	de · mv. doopsuikers	candy, typically sugar beans, offered to friends and relatives on the birth…
wiezen	v	wiesde – gewiesd	to play a game of whist
wiezen	n	het	whist (most commonly used to refer to a Belgian variation of whist)
woordzoeker	n	de · mv. woordzoekers	word search
onmenselijk	a		inhuman
brakheid	n	de · mv. brakheden	brackishness; the state of being hungover
passagiersstoel	n	de · mv. passagiersstoelen	passenger seat
bestuurdersstoel	n	de · mv. bestuurdersstoelen	driver's seat
tentzeil	n	het · mv. tentzeilen	tarpaulin used to make a tent
spanningsboog	n	de · mv. spanningsbogen	tension, suspense (device used in media to hold the consumer's attention); attention span
aandachtsspanne	n	de · mv. aandachtsspannen	attention span
piauw	n	het	pakapoo (a Chinese lottery game)
poppedijn	n	mv. poppedijnen	An affectionate term of address for a young girl
snibbig	a		unfriendly in a brusque way, mean, acrimonious
Hombeek	m		a town in the municipality of Mechelen in the province of Antwerp, Belgium
Heffen	m		a town in the municipality of Mechelen in the province of Antwerp, Belgium
Battel	m		a town in the municipality of Mechelen in the province of Antwerp, Belgium
oorlogsweduwe	n	de · mv. oorlogsweduwen	war widow (wife of a person in the armed forces killed in a war)
Hemiksem	m		a municipality in the province of Antwerp, Belgium
Ramsdonk	m		a town in the m of Kapelle-op-den-Bos, Flemish Brabant, Belgium
Buggenhout	m		a municipality of the province of East Flanders, Belgium
pakira	n	de · mv. pakira's	collared peccary, Dicotyles tajacu
diplomeren	v	diplomeerde – gediplomeerd	to award a diploma to someone; to graduate someone
verlammen	v	verlamde – verlamd	to afflict with paralysis, to paralyze
individueel	d		individually
individueel	a		individual
allehens	r		everyone
zogezegd	d		so to speak, so to say
zogezegd	a		synonym of zogenaamd
signeren	v	signeerde – gesigneerd	to sign (mark with one's signature)
hogerhand	n	de	only used in van hogerhand
oppleuren	v	pleurde op – opgepleurd	to sod off
snowboarden	v	snowboardde – gesnowboard	to snowboard (to ride a snowboard)
kansarmoede	n	de	lack of opportunity
oer-Hollands	a		traditionally Dutch; typically Dutch, very Dutch
vanzelfsprekendheid	n	de · mv. vanzelfsprekendheden	self-evidence; foregone conclusion, self-evident fact; something that goes without saying
puik	a		excellent
herhalingsteken	n	het · mv. herhalingstekens	ditto mark (symbol indicating that the item preceding is to be repeated); repeat (mark in music notation directing a part to be repeated)
elektriciteitsnet	n	het · mv. elektriciteitsnetten	electricity network, electrical grid, power grid
excelleren	v	excelleerde – geëxcelleerd	to excel
uitmunten	v	muntte uit – uitgemunt	to excel
tentoonspreiden	v	spreidde tentoon – tentoongespreid	to exhibit, to show
wedersamenstelling	n	de · mv. wedersamenstellingen	reconstruction, reenactment (of a crime)
vertegenwoordiging	n	de · mv. vertegenwoordigingen	representation
ongepast	a		inappropriate
ongepast	d		inappropriately
tegenzeggen	v	zei tegen – tegengezegd	to refute, contradict, dispute
ongepastheid	n	de · mv. ongepastheden	inappropriateness
doodschieten	v	schoot dood – doodgeschoten	to shoot dead
ov-chipkaart	n	de · mv. ov-chipkaarten	A nationwide contactless smart card used to pay for journeys on all public…
zoal	d		Indicates that the speaker expects the listener to give examples
brunel	n	de · mv. brunellen	a prunella, selfheal; any plant of the genus Prunella
wereldrecord	n	het · mv. wereldrecords	world record
afwijzing	n	de · mv. afwijzingen	rejection
behulpzaam	a		helpful (giving aid)
onbewust	d		subconsciously, unconsciously (without directed thought or awareness)
onbewust	a		unconscious (without directed thought or awareness)
migratie	n	de · mv. migraties	migration (moving to live in another place); migration (movement of animals)
Moerkerke	m		a town in Damme, West Flanders, Belgium
kobmeeuw	n	de · mv. kobmeeuwen	several species of seagull; European herring gull (Larus argentatus)
dienstverlener	n	de · mv. dienstverleners	service provider
deeltijd	n	de	part-time
voltijd	n	de	full-time
buntgras	n	het	gray clubawn grass, gray hair-grass, Corynephorus canescens
bekermos	n	het · mv. bekermossen	any of various lichens of the genus Cladonia
kopjesbekermos	n	het	trumpet lichen (Cladonia fimbriata)
betrokkene	n	de · mv. betrokkenen	person involved
daklei	n	de · mv. dakleien	slate roof shingle
erfgename	n	de · mv. erfgenames	female heir
onacceptabel	a		unacceptable
gomawiri	n	de	Solanum americanum, the leaves of which are eaten as a vegetable
komaan	i		come on!
rooftocht	n	de · mv. rooftochten	plundering, depredation
halofyt	n	de · mv. halofyten	halophyte
mopé	n	de · mv. mopés	hog plum, Spondias mombin
Jaapgen	m		a female given name
mosbloempje	n	het · mv. mosbloempjes	mossy stonecrop, moss pygmyweed (Crassula tillaea)
watercrassula	n	de · mv. watercrassula's	swamp stonecrop, New Zealand pygmyweed (Crassula helmsii)
vetplantenfamilie	m		Crassulaceae, the stonecrop family
tripmadam	n	de	reflexed stonecrop, trip-madam (Sedum rupestre syn. Petrosedum rupestre)
huislook	n	de	a houseleek, sempervivum; any plant of genus Sempervivum; synonym of donderblad (“common houseleek, Sempervivum tectorum”)
donderblad	n	het · mv. donderbladen	common houseleek (Sempervivum tectorum)
donderbaard	n	de · mv. donderbaarden	synonym of donderblad (“common houseleek, Sempervivum tectorum”)
aftrekbaar	a		deductible; especially tax-deductible
assistentie	n	de	assistance
belastingdienst	n	de · mv. belastingdiensten	tax authority, tax administration
gebruikersnaam	n	de · mv. gebruikersnamen	username
sleutelbloem	n	de · mv. sleutelbloemen	a primrose; any plant of genus Primula
maretak	n	de · mv. maretakken	mistletoe (Viscum album)
vogellijm	n	de	synonym of maretak (“mistletoe, Viscum album”); glue derived from the mistletoe
bergvlas	n	het	bastard toadflax; any plant of the genus Thesium
havermoutpap	n	de	oatmeal porridge (breakfast cereal)
dubbelloof	n	het	hardfern (Struthiopteris spicant syn. Blechnum spicant)
educatie	n	de · mv. educaties	education
aanhangig	a		pending (of a lawsuit)
aantoonbaar	d		demonstrably, provably
aantoonbaar	a		demonstrable, provable
aantoonbaarheid	n	de · mv. aantoonbaarheden	demonstrability, provability
aantoning	n	de · mv. aantoningen	indication, proof
bevoegde	n	de · mv. bevoegden	authorized or qualified person
brandveilig	a		firesafe
brandveiligheid	n	de	fire safety
dagkaart	n	de · mv. dagkaarten	day ticket; daily menu
tussenjaar	n	het · mv. tussenjaren	gap year
besluiteloosheid	n	de	indecision
hoogwaterbroek	n	de · mv. hoogwaterbroeken	full-length pants which are unintentionally too short (and comically so,…; pants which are intended to be slightly shorter than full-length, as an…
Pothoofdplant	n	de · mv. Pothoofdplanten	an adventive, particularly one found around the Pothoofd in Deventer, The…
frietzak	n	de · mv. frietzakken	a conical paper bag for serving French fries
huisloof	n	het	synonym of donderblad (“common houseleek, Sempervivum tectorum”)
daklook	n	de	synonym of donderblad (“common houseleek, Sempervivum tectorum”)
dakloof	n	het	synonym of donderblad (“common houseleek, Sempervivum tectorum”)
educatief	a		educational, educative
functioneel	d		functionally
functioneel	a		functional
mycologisch	a		mycological
lichenologisch	a		lichenological
mycoloog	n	de · mv. mycologen	mycologist
lichenoloog	n	de · mv. lichenologen	lichenologist
mycologe	n	de · mv. mycologes	mycologist (female)
schaduwmos	n	het	any of various lichens of the genera Phaeophyscia and Hyperphyscia
runenkorst	n	de	any of various lichens with markings vaguely resembling runic characters,…
halfjaar	n	het · mv. halfjaren	half-year (period of six months)
maandagavond	n	de · mv. maandagavonden	Monday evening
maandagavond	d		Monday evening
dinsdagavond	n	de · mv. dinsdagavonden	Tuesday evening
dinsdagavond	d		Tuesday evening
woensdagavond	n	de · mv. woensdagavonden	Wednesday evening
woensdagavond	d		Wednesday evening
vrijdagavond	n	de · mv. vrijdagavonden	Friday evening
vrijdagavond	d		Friday evening
zaterdagavond	n	de · mv. zaterdagavonden	Saturday evening
zaterdagavond	d		Saturday evening
zondagavond	n	de · mv. zondagavonden	Sunday evening
zondagavond	d		Sunday evening
isidieus	a		isidiate
achterwege	d		omitted, left out, not done
voorverkiezing	n	de · mv. voorverkiezingen	primary election (preliminary election to select a political candidate of a…
surinamistiek	n	de	the scientific study of subjects related to Suriname
surinamisering	n	de	the replacement of Dutch officials, managers, specialist staff, regulations,…
haarmos	n	het	hair moss, moss of genus Polytrichum
bedenktijd	n	de · mv. bedenktijden	cooling-off period (time to think things over, time to (re)consider)
hoevetoerisme	n	het	agritourism, farm tourism
oorlogseconomie	n	de · mv. oorlogseconomieën	war economy
herbewapening	n	de · mv. herbewapeningen	rearmament
legerdienst	n	de	military service
ijf	n	de · mv. ijven	synonym of taxus (“yew, Taxus baccata”)
samenleggen	v	legde samen – samengelegd	to pool, to each contribute
krentenbaard	n	de · mv. krentenbaarden	synonym of impetigo
herbewapenen	v	herbewapende – herbewapend	to rearm
terriër	n	de · mv. terriërs	terrier (dog)
kandelaber	n	de · mv. kandelabers	candelabrum
automagisch	d		automagically
automagisch	a		automagical
intelligentiequotiënt	n	het · mv. intelligentiequotiënten	intelligence quotient
verbouwing	n	de · mv. verbouwingen	rebuilding, renovation
extravertheid	n	de · mv. extravertheden	extrovertedness
grasmaaimachine	n	de · mv. grasmaaimachines	lawnmower
peppel	n	de · mv. peppels	synonym of populier (“poplar”)
peppelvlag	n	de · mv. peppelvlaggen	Taphrina johansonii, a pathogenic fungus causing galls on poplar trees
heksenbezem	n	de · mv. heksenbezems	the broom of a witch, used to work magic; a witch's broom, type of deformity of a tree caused by a pathogen; any of various fungi that cause such deformities, many of genus Taphrina
honderduit	d		extensively, at length, freely
katzwijm	n	de	a swoon out of adoration or admiration of some person
kijkcijfer	n	het · mv. kijkcijfers	viewer rating and number
kijkcijferkanon	n	het · mv. kijkcijferkanonnen	programme that attracts a lot of viewers
roestgans	n	de · mv. roestganzen	synonym of casarca (“ruddy shelduck, Tadorna ferruginea”)
kijkje	n	het · mv. kijkjes	look (the action of looking)
calpol	n	de	paracetamol, acetaminophen (white crystalline compound used in medicine as…
sporenplant	n	de · mv. sporenplanten	cryptogam (a plant that reproduces via spores)
cryptogaam	a		cryptogamous
cryptogaam	n	de · mv. cryptogamen	cryptogam
heermoes	n	het	field horsetail (Equisetum arvense)
reuzenpaardenstaart	n	de · mv. reuzenpaardenstaarten	great horsetail (Equisetum telmateia)
bospaardenstaart	n	de · mv. bospaardenstaarten	wood horsetail (Equisetum sylvaticum)
spermatofyt	n	de · mv. spermatofyten	synonym of zaadplant (“spermatophyte”)
jongstleden	a		previous, last
duizendste	a		thousandth
duizendste	n	het · mv. duizendsten	thousandth
mopsvleermuis	n	de · mv. mopsvleermuizen	barbastelle (Barbastella barbastellus)
heidebrem	n	de	any plant of the genus Genista
duindoorn	n	de · mv. duindoorns	sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides)
vuurdoorn	n	de · mv. vuurdoorns	a firethorn, any plant of the genus Pyracantha
pijlbrem	n	de · mv. pijlbremmen	arrow-pointed broom Genista sagittalis
verfbrem	n	de · mv. verfbremmen	woad-waxen, dyer's greenweed, Genista tinctoria
roodrugpelikaan	n	de · mv. roodrugpelikanen	synonym of kleine pelikaan (“pink-backed pelican, Pelecanus rufescens”)
slechthorend	a		hearing-impaired
calciumcarbonaat	n	de	calcium carbonate
carbonaat	n	de	carbonate
kaliumchloride	n	de	potassium chloride
bicarbonaat	n	de	bicarbonate
kruipklokje	n	het · mv. kruipklokjes	Serbian bellflower, trailing bellflower (Campanula poscharskyana)
zomerklokje	n	het · mv. zomerklokjes	summer snowflake, Leucojum aestivum
Catharinaparkiet	n	de · mv. Catharinaparkieten	the barred parakeet, Bolborhynchus lineola
gezellie	a		synonym of gezellig
nitraat	n	het	nitrate
wolfspoot	n	de · mv. wolfspoten	gypsywort (Lycopus europaeus)
dennenwolfsklauw	n	de · mv. dennenwolfsklauwen	northern firmoss (Huperzia selago)
moeraswolfsklauw	n	de · mv. moeraswolfsklauwen	bog clubmoss (Lycopodiella inundata)
bijdehandje	n	het · mv. bijdehandjes	smart alec, know-it-all, pedant
deeltijdprinses	n	de · mv. deeltijdprinsessen	a woman who works part-time by choice
drakenklimop	n	de	pothos (Epipremnum aureum)
leerder	n	de · mv. leerders	learner (one who learns)
vonder	n	de/het · mv. vonders	narrow bridge or beam over water
vriendenkring	n	de · mv. vriendenkringen	circle of friends
potver	i		synonym of godver
malrove	n	de · mv. malroven	common horehound (Marrubium vulgare)
micropatrologie	n	de	micropatrology (study of micronations)
zeealant	n	de · mv. zeealanten	golden samphire (Inula crithmoides)
donderkruid	n	het	ploughman's spikenard, Inula conyzae
ossenpikker	n	de · mv. ossenpikkers	oxpecker, bird of the family Buphagidae
rewilden	v	rewildde – gerewild	synonym of herwilderen (“to rewild”)
verstappen	v	verstapte – verstapt	to misstep
pieremachochel	n	de · mv. pieremachochels	a rickety and/or makeshift boat
biobouwer	n	de · mv. biobouwers	ecosystem engineer (species that significantly impacts its habitat)
Keizerstad	m		synonym of Nijmegen
naaktbeeld	n	het · mv. naaktbeelden	nude (painting, sculpture or photograph depicting one or more human…
Geertje	m		a female given name
Guusje	m		a female given name
biestarwe	n	de	synonym of biestarwegras (“sand couch-grass, Elytrigia juncea syn.…
biestarwegras	n	de	sand couch-grass (Elytrigia juncea syn. Thinopyrum junceum)
helmgras	n	het	synonym of helm (“marram, Ammophila arenaria”)
babbelaar	n	de · mv. babbelaars	babbler (someone who babbles); a piece of confectionery similar to butterscotch; babbler (any of several passerine birds)
slacentrifuge	n	de · mv. slacentrifuges	salad spinner
keukenmachine	n	de · mv. keukenmachines	food processor
tekenkaart	n	de · mv. tekenkaarten	a card for the removal of ticks; a card or sheet used while drawing
onbetekenend	a		insignificant
erflatersserie	n	de · mv. erflatersseries	one of two series of Dutch banknotes issued in the 1950s–70s, designed by…
twitteren	v	twitterde – getwitterd	to tweet (post on Twitter); to use Twitter; to tweet (utter a succession of chirps)
inkleuren	v	kleurde in – ingekleurd	to color in
torderen	v		to twist in a spiraling fashion
kruidkers	n	de	pepperwort, plant in genus Lepidium
steenkruidkers	n	de	narrow-leaved pepperwort, Lepidium ruderale
stenigen	v	stenigde – gestenigd	to stone (execute by throwing stones at someone)
gegiechel	n	het	giggling
achterzijde	n	de · mv. achterzijdes	backside, reverse (side of something facing away from a viewer, or from what…
voorzijde	n	de · mv. voorzijdes	front side
afsluiting	n	de · mv. afsluitingen	closing off, closure (blocking of the entrance to a road, an area, or a…; seal (something designed to prevent leakage of fluids); conclusion (last part of a period of time)
elektronica	n	de	electronics
tjilpen	v	tjilpte – getjilpt	to chirp
giebelen	v	giebelde – gegiebeld	to laugh quietly, giggle furtively or in a quasi-conspiratorial manner
hoeverre	d		only used in in hoeverre (“to what extent”)
hoever	d		proscribed univerbation of hoe ver
stressvol	a		stressful
sedumdak	n	het · mv. sedumdaken	a green roof covered in stonecrops (plants of genus Sedum)
mosdak	n	het · mv. mosdaken	a green roof covered in moss
wurgvijg	n	de · mv. wurgvijgen	a strangler fig, particularly Ficus benghalensis
rangschikking	n	de · mv. rangschikkingen	ranking, order
herrangschikken	v	herrangschikte – herrangschikt	to rearrange, reorder
vetvogel	n	de · mv. vetvogels	oilbird, Steatornis caripensis
takkeling	n	de · mv. takkelingen	a fledgling bird that cannot fly freely yet, but can fly or hop from branch…; an owlet
interactief	a		interactive
steenraket	n	de · mv. steenraketten	a wallflower, any plant of genus Erysimum
sociaal-fascisme	n	het	social fascism, social democracy
blauwstaart	n	de · mv. blauwstaarten	red-flanked bluetail (Tarsiger cyanurus)
afspiegelen	v	spiegelde af – afgespiegeld	to be reflected, to be shown; to portray, depict
bindtaal	n	de · mv. bindtalen	lingua franca (common language used by people of diverse backgrounds to…
afspiegeling	n	de · mv. afspiegelingen	reflection (representative manifestation or outcome of a condition, trend or…
veroveringsoorlog	n	de · mv. veroveringsoorlogen	war of conquest (military conflict where one state, nation, or people…
stemgedrag	n	het	voting behaviour
koopgedrag	n	het	buying behaviour, buying habits
hemeltergend	a		atrocious, revolting, outrageous
geneeskundige	n	de · mv. geneeskundigen	physician, doctor
opvrolijken	v	vrolijkte op – opgevrolijkt	to cheer up
achteraanlopen	v	liep achteraan – achteraangelopen	to walk at the back; to walk behind
achterlopen	v	liep achter – achtergelopen	to lag, to fall behind; to track down; to find out
achternalopen	v	liep achterna – achternagelopen	to pursue, to follow behind
achteromlopen	v	liep achterom – achteromgelopen	to walk back; to walk backwards; to walk around to the back, to walk to the back entrance of a building
achteroplopen	v	liep achterop – achteropgelopen	to walk at the back; to walk at the last place (in a race)
achteroverlopen	v	liep achterover – achterovergelopen	to walk while curving oneself backward; to become curved
achteruitlopen	v	liep achteruit – achteruitgelopen	to walk backwards; to decline, recede
omverlopen	v	liep omver – omvergelopen	to knock over by walking
voorbijlopen	v	liep voorbij – voorbijgelopen	to walk past; to pass
voorlopen	v	liep voor – voorgelopen	to walk ahead of someone else; to lead the way; to walk in the front
vooroplopen	v	liep voorop – vooropgelopen	to walk at the front; to walk at the first place (in a race)
voortlopen	v	liep voort – voortgelopen	to walk forward; to continue walking
vooruitlopen	v	liep vooruit – vooruitgelopen	to walk forward; to walk ahead; to get ahead of
vooroverlopen	v	liep voorover – voorovergelopen	to walk with a headlong posture
kaiserbroodje	n	het · mv. kaiserbroodjes	Kaiser roll
heenlopen	v	liep heen – heengelopen	to walk away
omhooglopen	v	liep omhoog – omhooggelopen	to walk upwards; to climb
rechtlopen	v	liep recht – rechtgelopen	to walk with a straight posture; to make straight by walking
inzetbaar	a		deployable
knelpunt	n	het · mv. knelpunten	bottleneck
dagoeblad	n	het	water spinach (Ipomoea aquatica)
onschuld	n	de	innocence
opwarming	n	de	warming
openlopen	v	liep open – opengelopen	to open by means of walking (a door); to make a hole by walking (in a shoe)
gelijklopen	v	liep gelijk – gelijkgelopen	to run parallel, run next to each other; to run at the same time; to display the same time (a clock or watch)
neerlopen	v	liep neer – neergelopen	to walk downwards; to decline
kromlopen	v	liep krom – kromgelopen	to walk with a curved or forward leaning posture; to make curved by walking
platlopen	v	liep plat – platgelopen	to trample; to flatten by walking
weerlopen	v	liep weer – weergelopen	to walk back, to return
tegenlopen	v	liep tegen – tegengelopen	to encounter, meet; to walk in the opposite direction; to decline (of the wind)
hoogdravend	a		bombastic, pompous, pretentious, grandiose
tussenlopen	v	liep tussen – tussengelopen	to walk between
afkloppen	v	klopte af – afgeklopt	to strike off (to separate by blows); to knock on wood (to take a customary action to ward off some misfortune…
poreus	a		porous (having pores, penetrable by fluids)
dierenasiel	n	het · mv. dierenasiels	animal shelter
asielbeleid	n	het	policies regarding the treatment of asylum seekers
langslopen	v	liep langs – langsgelopen	to walk by, pass by; to iterate, go over a list
thuislopen	v	liep thuis – thuisgelopen	to walk at home (as opposed to walking outside); to have ... walk around in your home (usually said of children, or pets); to be stuck at home, be homebound
bijlopen	v	liep bij – bijgelopen	to be up-to-date; said of a side of an object that is not parallel to the other side
kapotlopen	v	liep kapot – kapotgelopen	to break by walking
stuklopen	v	liep stuk – stukgelopen	to break by walking
bovenlopen	v	liep boven – bovengelopen	to surmount
buitenlopen	v	liep buiten – buitengelopen	to exit, go outside; to have a walk or run outside
dichtlopen	v	liep dicht – dichtgelopen	to clog, become blocked; to overgrow; to close the gap (between runners)
bijeenlopen	v	liep bijeen – bijeengelopen	to walk together; to group together while walking
dooreenlopen	v	liep dooreen – dooreengelopen	to mingle while walking
ineenlopen	v	liep ineen – ineengelopen	to mingle while walking; to merge
overeenlopen	v	liep overeen – overeengelopen	to match; to walk concurrently; to proceed in a suitable manner
overhooplopen	v	liep overhoop – overhoopgelopen	to bash into while walking; to overturn
vrijlopen	v	liep vrij – vrijgelopen	to walk freely; to walk free, get away with a crime without conviction; to unmark
kwijtlopen	v	liep kwijt – kwijtgelopen	to get lost while walking; to outrun, to escape from someone chasing you
omlaaglopen	v	liep omlaag – omlaaggelopen	to walk downwards; to decline
verderlopen	v	liep verder – verdergelopen	to walk further, to continue walking
opzijlopen	v	liep opzij – opzijgelopen	to move aside
vooraanlopen	v	liep vooraan – vooraangelopen	to walk at the front
gamander	n	de · mv. gamanders	a germander; any plant of genus Teucrium
zingzeggen	v	zingzegde – gezingzegd	to recite accompanied by music or to sing in a manner close to regular…
droogbloem	n	de · mv. droogbloemen	a dried flower, used for decoration; cudweed (any plant of genus Gnaphalium)
toehoorder	n	de · mv. toehoorders	listener
keuzemogelijkheid	n	de · mv. keuzemogelijkheden	option
diskwalificeren	v	diskwalificeerde – gediskwalificeerd	to disqualify
diskwalificatie	n	de · mv. diskwalificaties	disqualification
kwalificatie	n	de · mv. kwalificaties	qualification
brandoefening	n	de · mv. brandoefeningen	fire drill
tegennatuurlijk	a		unnatural
burgerrups	n	de · mv. burgerrupsen	synonym of trein (“train”)
mecenaat	n	het · mv. mecenaten	patronage
herboren	a		reborn
blokkendoos	n	de · mv. blokkendozen	box/set of toy blocks
slagersmes	n	het · mv. slagersmessen	butchers' knife
wereldvreemd	a		out of touch with reality, disconnected from reality, unacquainted with the…
verschijningsvorm	n	de · mv. verschijningsvormen	manifestation, incarnation; phenotype
bas-reliëf	n		bas-relief
strontweer	n	het	shitty weather
ontademen	v	ontademde – ontademd	to make breathless
ontangen	v	ontangde – ontangd	to take fear away, to relieve of fear
ontangsten	v	ontangstte – ontangst	to take fear away, to relieve of fear
ontankeren	v	ontankerde – ontankerd	to lift an anchor; to remove an anchor; to remove an anchor plate (of a building)
ontaromatiseren	v	ontaromatiserende – ontaromatiserend	to dearomatize
ontdagen	v	ontdaagde – ontdaagd	to lose daylight, to become dark, become dusk; to start to dawn
ontzingen	v	ontzong – ontzongen	to slander by singing; to take away by singing
ontklinken	v	ontklonk – ontklonken	to unrivet, to loosen that which has been riveted
ontbaarden	v	ontbaardde – ontbaard	to remove a beard
ontbakeren	v	ontbakerde – ontbakerd	to remove swaddles
ontballasten	v	ontbalastte – ontbalast	to remove a load (of a ship)
ontbanen	v	ontbaande – ontbaand	to make a road unusable
ontbalken	v	ontbalkte – ontbalkt	to unbar, remove a bar to unlock a door
ontbannen	v	ontbande – ontbannen	to banish, exile
ontbelgen	v	ontbelgde – ontbelgd	to take away someone's Belgianness
zomervakantie	n	de · mv. zomervakanties	summer holiday (school break between school years)
ontbeiden	v	ontbeidde – ontbeid	to wait for, to await
ontbeelden	v	ontbeeldde – ontbeeld	to make free of (mental) images or representations
ontbasten	v	ontbastte – ontbast	to remove bark, to debark
ontbarsten	v	ontbarstte – ontbarst	to break loose, start to burst; to emerge from something that is bursting
ontbeurzen	v	ontbeurste – ontbeurst	to pay for
ontbitteren	v	ontbitterde – ontbitterd	to make less bitter; to become less bitter
ontbladen	v	ontbladde – ontblad	to remove the leaves from a plant, to exfoliate
ontblaken	v	ontblaakte – ontblaakt	to ignite, start to blaze
ontblakeren	v	ontblakerde – ontblakerd	to ignite, start to blaze
beroepsmilitair	n	de · mv. beroepsmilitairen	professional soldier, regular soldier
tijdsperiode	n	de · mv. tijdsperiodes	time period
voorjaarsvakantie	n	de · mv. voorjaarsvakanties	synonym of krokusvakantie
zwart-wit	a		black-and-white
Negerengels	m		Sranan Tongo (an English-based creole language and lingua franca in Suriname)
adelaarsvaren	n	de · mv. adelaarsvarens	bracken (Pteridium aquilinum)
kroosvaren	n	de · mv. kroosvarens	mosquito fern, duckweed fern (Azolla spp.)
metathese	n	de · mv. metathesen	metathesis
vooraan	d		at the front
mond-tot-mondreclame	n	de	word of mouth
mond-op-mondreclame	n	de	eggcorn of mond-tot-mondreclame (“word of mouth”)
pubertijd	n	de	pubescence; the time during which puberty takes place; eggcorn of puberteit (“puberty”)
laatdunkend	a		disdainful, condescending
laagdunkend	a		eggcorn of laatdunkend (“disdainful, condescending”)
sluipreclame	n	de · mv. sluipreclames	eggcorn of sluikreclame (“surreptitious advertising/advertisement”)
bedoening	n	de · mv. bedoeningen	fuss, busy or messy situation
zoetgevooisd	a		mellifluous, sweet-voiced
slachttand	n	de · mv. slachttanden	eggcorn of slagtand
voorin	d		in the front
vooraleer	c		before
zuurverdiend	a		hard-earned
djiera	n	de	cumin, jeera
vrijblijvend	a		without obligations, without further expectations, non-binding
opperdepop	a		up, all gone, no more, finished
voorpagina	n	de · mv. voorpagina's	front page
Hagenaar	n	de · mv. Hagenaren	native or inhabitant of The Hague
ontharsen	v	ontharste – ontharst	to remove resin
ontstenen	v	ontsteende – ontsteend	to remove the stones from, to destone
ontbloemen	v	ontbloemde – ontbloemd	to remove the flowers from, to deflower
ontbloesemen	v	ontbloesemde – ontbloesemd	to remove the flowers from, to deflower
Tamushi	m		the preeminent male deity in the belief system of several indigenous peoples…
werkstuk	n	het · mv. werkstukken	essay, especially as a school project; handicraft, artpiece; workpiece
optioneel	a		optional
schooljaar	n	het · mv. schooljaren	school year
leerjaar	n	het · mv. leerjaren	academic year
reikhalzen	v	reikhalsde – gereikhalsd	to extend or crane one's neck (towards something); to desire intensely, long for eagerly
studiejaar	n	het · mv. studiejaren	synonym of leerjaar (“academic year”)
academiejaar	n	het · mv. academiejaren	synonym of leerjaar (“academic year”)
vertrouwenspersoon	n	de · mv. vertrouwenspersonen	professional confidant
verstoring	n	de · mv. verstoringen	disturbance, disruption
slachtveld	n	het · mv. slachtvelden	eggcorn of slagveld
ontvuren	v	ontvuurde – ontvuurd	to ignite, to inflame
gewin	n	het	gain
ontstormen	v	ontstormde – ontstormd	to be swept away by a storm; become lost by a storm
ontgiftigen	v	ontgiftigde – ontgiftigd	to detoxify
ontgisten	v	ontgistte – ontgist	to remove yeast, to disgorge; to become released by fermentation
ontgelen	v	ontgeelde – ontgeeld	to remove the yellow colour from
ontfonkeren	v	ontfonkerde – ontfonkerd	make sparkle
ontvonkeren	v	ontvonkerde – ontvonkerd	make sparkle
vertrouwelijk	a		confidential
reservering	n	de · mv. reserveringen	reservation, booking
ontzengen	v	ontzengde – ontzengd	to start to sear, burn; to inflame
ontbijsteren	v	ontbijsterde – ontbijsterd	to rob by confusing someone
ontblokken	v	ontblokte – ontblokt	to remove a block that closes a road or track, to unblock
ontbotten	v	ontbotte – ontbot	to start to bud
ontnaakten	v	ontnaaktte – ontnaakt	to become naked
verdubbeling	n	de · mv. verdubbelingen	doubling (instance of making something double)
ontverren	v	ontverde – ontverd	to remove, take away; to remove oneself, go away; to make less far, to remove distance to
ontbommen	v	ontbomde – ontbomd	to remove bombs; to remove a stopper for a barrel
luchtbevochtiger	n	de · mv. luchtbevochtigers	humidifier (device that is used to increase the humidity of the air)
Tamoesi	m		dated spelling of Tamushi
Tamoesie	m		dated spelling of Tamushi
Tamoesji	m		dated spelling of Tamushi
klassement	n	het · mv. klassementen	classification, ranking (in a competition)
ontbruisen	v	ontbruiste – ontbruist	to start to froth; to remove fizz, to decarbonate (of a drink)
profielfoto	n	de · mv. profielfoto's	profile picture
profielwerkstuk	n	het · mv. profielwerkstukken	final essay for Dutch secondary school students, on a subject from their…
puzzelstuk	n	het · mv. puzzelstukken	puzzle piece
legpuzzel	n	de · mv. legpuzzels	jigsaw puzzle
vetmuur	n	de · mv. vetmuren	pearlwort (plant of genus Sagina)
krielparnassia	n	de · mv. krielparnassia's	synonym of sierlijke vetmuur (“knotted pearlwort, Sagina nodosa”)
kelkbloem	n	de · mv. kelkbloemen	a cup-shaped flower
merkbaar	a		noticeable (capable of being noticed)
voelbaar	a		feelable
manipulatie	n	de · mv. manipulaties	manipulation
Zonnekoning	m		Sun King (sobriquet of Louis XIV of France)
oogluikend	d		turning a blind eye, feigning ignorance
blindweg	d		blindly
boudweg	d		boldly
brutaalweg	d		impudently
droogweg	d		drily
droogjes	d		drily
eenvoudigweg	d		simply
gladweg	d		deftly, slickly, effortlessly; utterly, completely
kalmweg	d		calmly
kalmpjes	d		calmly
koelweg	d		coolly
koeltjes	d		coolly
lafjes	d		cravenly
lafweg	d		cravenly
losjesweg	d		loosely
leukweg	d		laconically, drily, nonchalantly, without caring, simply (with connotations…
leukjes	d		synonym of leukweg
spagaat	n	de · mv. spagaten	splits (move in dance or gymnastics in which the legs are extended straight…
nuchterweg	d		matter-of-factly
onnozelweg	d		naively, stupidly
platweg	d		bluntly, vulgarly
stomweg	d		stupidly, simply (in a negative sense)
enigerlei	t		any kind of
vlotweg	d		smoothly, rapidly
vlotjes	d		synonym of vlotweg
bruutweg	d		brutishly
godvergeten	a		godforsaken
vergetel	a		forgetful
vergetelboek	n	het · mv. vergetelboeken	oblivion, rhetorically presented as a book in which things that are…
Mexicaan	n	de · mv. Mexicanen	Mexican (person from Mexico)
oogpunt	n	het · mv. oogpunten	point of view, perspective
onvolledig	a		incomplete
allesomvattend	a		all-encompassing
incompleet	a		incomplete
formatie	n	de · mv. formaties	formation; band, ensemble (group of musicians who perform together)
procentpunt	n	de/het · mv. procentpunten	percentage point
productiviteit	n	de	productivity
verwachtingspatroon	n	het · mv. verwachtingspatronen	expectations
koninginnekruid	n	het	hemp-agrimony, Eupatorium cannabinum
leverkruid	n	het	synonym of koninginnekruid (“hemp-agrimony, Eupatorium cannabinum”)
doornsluiper	n	de · mv. doornsluipers	synonym of griel (“Eurasian stone-curlew, Burhinus oedicnemus”)
negotiatie	n	de · mv. negotiaties	negotiation
waterviolier	n	de · mv. waterviolieren	featherfoil, water violet, Hottonia palustris
herverdelen	v	herverdeelde – herverdeeld	to redistribute
gezondheidstoestand	n	de · mv. gezondheidstoestanden	state of health
veiligheidsdienst	n	de · mv. veiligheidsdiensten	security service
rondneuzen	v	neusde rond – rondgeneusd	to nose about, to browse
herstructurering	n	de · mv. herstructureringen	restructuring
herverdeling	n	de · mv. herverdelingen	redistribution
oogtaal	n	de	nonverbal communication using the eyes; synonym of wimper (“eyelash”)
eunjer	n	de · mv. eunjers	a wizard; a horsetail (tall fern with leaves resembling pine needles)
eunjer	a		cunning, smart
zeeaster	n	de · mv. zeeasters	synonym of zulte (“sea aster, Tripolium pannonicum”)
lamsoor	n	het · mv. lamsoren	common sea-lavender (Limonium vulgare); sea aster (Tripolium pannonicum), particularly when eaten as a vegetable
kniesoor	n	de · mv. kniesoren	a whiner, complainer
kniezen	v	kniesde – gekniesd	to whine, piss and moan
genacht	i		good night
eunjerij	n	de	sorcery
Hongers	a		synonym of Hongaars (“Hungarian”)
Hongeren	m		synonym of Hongarije
bamischijf	n	de · mv. bamischijven	a deep-fried snack with a bakmi filling
bamihap	n	de · mv. bamihappen	synonym of bamischijf (“deep-fried snack filled with bakmi”)
bakabana	n	de · mv. bakabana's	a Surinamese-style banana fritter
fluim	n	de · mv. fluimen	saliva, sputum; loogie
Strandeiland	m		A man-made island in the IJ and neighborhood (a part of IJburg) in eastern…
Buiteneiland	m		A man-made island in the IJ (a part of IJburg) in eastern Amsterdam, North…
Centrumeiland	m		A man-made island in the IJ and neighborhood (a part of IJburg) in eastern…
Haveneiland	m		A man-made island in the IJ and neighborhood (a part of IJburg) in eastern…
Rottumeroog	m		an island of Groningen, Netherlands
Rottumerplaat	m		an island of Groningen, Netherlands
Noorderhaaks	m		an island of North Holland, Netherlands
Westwouderpolder	m		an island of North Holland, Netherlands
IJsseloog	m		an island of Flevoland, Netherlands
Drent	n	de · mv. Drenten	an inhabitant of the Dutch province of Drenthe
Twent	n	de · mv. Twenten	an inhabitant of the Dutch region of Twente in the province of Overijssel
Twentenaar	n	de · mv. Twentenaren	an inhabitant of the Dutch region of Twente in the province of Overijssel
Makkumerwaarden	m		A group of islands near Makkum in the province of Friesland, The Netherlands
Makkumerwaard	m		synonym of Makkumerwaarden
Castilië	m		Castile (a vaguely defined geographical region of central Spain generally…
Hompelvoet	m		an uninhabited island in South Holland, Netherlands
scrabbelen	v	scrabbelde – gescrabbeld	to play Scrabble
röntgenstraal	n	de · mv. röntgenstralen	X-ray
broodheer	n	de · mv. broodheren	employer, boss
nichterig	a		stereotypically, effeminately gay and campy
nichterigheid	n	de	effeminate, stereotypically camp gayness
temeer	d		especially, all the more
hupseflups	i		synonym of hoppa (“alley-oop”)
vastklampen	v	klampte vast – vastgeklampt	to clamp, to fasten or hold together with a clamp; to cling to
Overijssels	a		of, from or related to Overijssel (a province in the eastern Netherlands)
Overijsselaar	n	de · mv. Overijsselaars	a person from or inhabitant of Overijssel
Noordzeegermaans	m		Ingvaeonic
Noordzeegermaans	a		Ingvaeonic
Ingveoons	m		Ingvaeonic
Ingveoons	a		Ingvaeonic
erfvijandschap	n	de · mv. erfvijandschappen	historical, inherited or sworn enmity; the state of being such an enemy
etnocentrisch	a		ethnocentric
holisme	n	het	holism (theory or belief that the whole is greater than the sum of the parts); spiritual doctrine that emphasises wholeness, such as the interrelation of…
miezelen	v		to drizzle
oorlogstaal	n	de	warlike language, language in which threats of war are expressed or in which…
oorlogstrauma	n	het · mv. oorlogstrauma's	war trauma
oorlogsfilm	n	de · mv. oorlogsfilms	war film, war movie
oorlogsroman	n	de · mv. oorlogsromans	war novel (novel in a genre that centres wartime experience)
oorlogsmoe	a		war-weary
oorlogsbegroting	n	de · mv. oorlogsbegrotingen	war budget
oorlogsrecht	n	het	jus in bello, the law of armed conflict
oorlogsfotograaf	n	de · mv. oorlogsfotografen	war photographer
oorlogsfotografie	n	de	war photography
oorlogstoneel	n	het · mv. oorlogstonelen	theatre of war (area in which armed conflict occurs)
oorlogsindustrie	n	de · mv. oorlogsindustrieën	war industry
stemspleet	n	de · mv. stemspleten	glottis
jokeren	n	het	a card game similar to Rummikub
jokeren	v	jokerde – gejokerd	to play the card game of jokeren
keiler	n	de · mv. keilers	a male wild boar (Sus scrofa); someone who skips or throws stones
betekenisholisme	n	het	semantic holism (thesis that the meaning of a word or statement can only be…
oepsefloeps	i		oopsy-doopsy
jeetjemina	i		synonym of jee (“golly, gosh, jeez”)
jeetjemineetje	i		synonym of jee (“golly, gosh, jeez”)
steenkoolwinning	n	de · mv. steenkoolwinningen	coal mining, coal extraction
hemelsnaam	n	de	only used in in hemelsnaam
godesnaam	n	de	only used in in godesnaam
Godesnaam	n	de	only used in in Godesnaam
Godsnaam	n	de	only used in in Godsnaam
netpanty	n	de · mv. netpanty's	fishnet stockings
autogarage	n	de · mv. autogarages	garage, auto shop (repair shop for motorised vehicles)
reservatie	n	de · mv. reservaties	reservation, booking
hertshoorn	n	de · mv. hertshoorns	the horn of a deer
hertshoornweegbree	n	de	buck's horn plantain (Plantago coronopus)
onbezoldigd	a		unpaid, without compensation, pro bono, unsalaried
waterweegbree	n	de · mv. waterweegbreeën	a water plantain, a plant of the genus Alisma
illustreren	v		to illustrate (to clarify something by giving, or serving as, an example or…; to illustrate (to provide a publication with pictures or decorative features)
illustratief	a		illustrative
functionaliteit	n	de · mv. functionaliteiten	functionality
derdelander	n	de · mv. derdelanders	a refugee who has fled a country where he or she has resided but does not…
veiligelander	n	de · mv. veiligelanders	a migrant originating from a country judged safe (usually by immigration…
legitimatie	n	de · mv. legitimaties	legitimization
legitimiteit	n	de · mv. legitimiteiten	legitimacy
lidrus	n	de · mv. lidrussen	marsh horsetail (Equisetum palustre)
rummikuppen	v	rummikupte – gerummikupt	to play Rummikub
wordfeuden	v	wordfeudde – gewordfeud	to play Wordfeud
faciliteren	v	faciliteerde – gefaciliteerd	to facilitate (to make easier); to facilitate (to help bring about)
balletschoen	n	de · mv. balletschoenen	ballet shoe
ordinair	a		vulgar, common, ordinary; cheap
cc'en	v	cc'de – ge-cc'd	to cc (to add an additional recipient to the CC line of an e-mail message)
nabespreking	n	de · mv. nabesprekingen	debriefing
parkinson	n	de	Parkinson's
uiver	n	de · mv. uivers	synonym of ooievaar (“stork”)
prestatiedruk	n	de	pressure to perform
olrijt	i		alright!
configureren	v	configureerde – geconfigureerd	to configure
hygiënisch	a		hygienic
hygiënist	n	de · mv. hygiënisten	hygienist
mondhygiënist	n	de · mv. mondhygiënisten	dental hygienist
mondhygiëne	n	de	dental hygiene
donderdagmiddag	n	de · mv. donderdagmiddagen	Thursday afternoon
meetellen	v	telde mee – meegeteld	to count in (to include); to count towards (to be of an interest)
mondwater	n	het	mouthwash
schematiseren	v	schematiseerde – geschematiseerd	to schematize
kwantificeren	v	kwantificeerde – gekwantificeerd	to quantify
kwantificeerbaar	a		quantifiable
kwantificatie	n	de · mv. kwantificaties	quantification
autorisatie	n	de · mv. autorisaties	authorization
autoriseren	v	autoriseerde – geautoriseerd	authorize
authenticatie	n	de · mv. authenticaties	authentication
aanneming	n	de · mv. aannemingen	acceptance (receiving of something offered); assumption; adoption (acceptance of a child of other parents as if he or she were one's…
boekenwinkel	n	de · mv. boekenwinkels	bookshop, bookstore
doornemen	v	nam door – doorgenomen	to review, to run through
polair	a		polar (of or having polarity)
verloskundige	n	de · mv. verloskundigen	midwife (either gender)
escalatie	n	de · mv. escalaties	escalation (increase or rise)
escaleren	v	escaleerde – geëscaleerd	to escalate (increase in intensity)
luchtkwaliteit	n	de · mv. luchtkwaliteiten	air quality
logistiek	n	de	logistics
logistiek	a		logistical
kiepwagen	n	de · mv. kiepwagens	tipper, dump truck (heavy truck with a hinged bed for unloading)
kiepen	v	kiepte – gekiept	to tip (to empty out the contents of a container by tilting)
diagonaliseren	v	diagonaliseerde – gediagonaliseerd	to diagonalize
diagonalisatie	n	de · mv. diagonalisaties	diagonalization
diagonaliseerbaar	a		diagonalizable
visualiseren	n	mv. visualiseren	to visualise
visualisatie	n	de · mv. visualisaties	visualization
visionair	a		visionary
visionair	n	de · mv. visionairs	visionary
specialisatie	n	de · mv. specialisaties	specialization
specialisme	n	het · mv. specialismen	specialism
fawaka	i		what's up, how are you
logeergebouw	n	het · mv. logeergebouwen	a state-run facility providing basic short-term accommodation to travellers,…; a facility established by Dutch colonial authorities that provided…
staatslogeergebouw	n	het · mv. staatslogeergebouwen	synonym of logeergebouw
hupsen	v	hupste – gehupst	synonym of huppen (“to hop”)
rondhupsen	v	hupste rond – rondgehupst	synonym of rondhuppen (“to hop about”)
rondhuppen	v	hupte rond – rondgehupt	to hop about
onvolmaakt	a		imperfect
perfectie	n	de · mv. perfecties	perfection
perfectionisme	n	het	perfectionism
Rutger	m		a male given name from German
perfectionistisch	a		perfectionist (demanding perfection)
Ep	m		a diminutive of the male given names Elbert and Egbert
nebbech	i		how unfortunate!
nebbech	d		unfortunately
nebbech	n	de	poor thing, someone or something that causes pity
Litouwer	n	de · mv. Litouwers	Lithuanian (person)
Sloveen	n	de · mv. Slovenen	Slovene, Slovenian (person)
imperfectie	n	de · mv. imperfecties	imperfection
onvolmaaktheid	n	de · mv. onvolmaaktheden	imperfection
Parijzenaar	n	de · mv. Parijzenaars	a Parisian; an inhabitant of Paris
zwanenhalsfuut	n	de · mv. zwanenhalsfuten	western grebe, Aechmophorus occidentalis
watereppe	n	de	either of two plant species of the celery family, Berula erecta or Sium…
spruitjesgeur	n	de · mv. spruitjesgeuren	smell produced when overcooking Brussels sprouts; a mindset or ambiance characterized by narrowmindedness; parochialism,…
eppe	n	de	synonym of selderij (“celery”)
mankepoot	n	de · mv. mankepoten	a limper; someone with a crippled leg
heek	n	de · mv. heken	hake (fish)
toverkol	n	de · mv. toverkollen	witch
achterbaksheid	n	de	sneakiness, two-facedness
opvetten	v	vette op – opgevet	to fatten up
Baarlem	m		the city of Haarlem, viewed by Amsterdam yuppies as a place to move to in…
vlaggenparade	n	de · mv. vlaggenparades	flag-raising ceremony performed on Dutch navy ships; march-past of national flags of participating countries during international…
afkeuring	n	de · mv. afkeuringen	disapproval
bedinging	n	de · mv. bedingingen	stipulation, term, clause, provision
minnelijk	a		out-of-court (without resorting to formal legal action)
experimentatie	n	de · mv. experimentaties	experimentation
nasynchronisatie	n	de · mv. nasynchronisaties	dubbing (replacement of voice)
synchronisatie	n	de · mv. synchronisaties	synchronization
tegenbod	n	het · mv. tegenboden	counteroffer
wegliep	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of weglopen
knetterleuk	a		very fun
knettergestoord	a		stark raving mad
verstoorbaar	a		perturbable, flappable, easily disturbed
knettergeil	a		very horny
verzotten	v	verzotte – verzot	to become mad
cultiveren	v	cultiveerde – gecultiveerd	to cultivate (to grow plants); to cultivate (to nurture)
achterkomen	v	kwam achter – achtergekomen	to discover, to realise
Hitland	m		synonym of Shetland: Shetland Islands (an archipelago and council area of…
Shetlandeilanden	m		Shetland Islands (an archipelago and council area of Scotland, roughly…
kwaker	n	de · mv. kwakers	one who quacks or croaks, such as a duck or frog; a Quaker
parkeend	n	de · mv. parkeenden	synonym of tamme eend (“domestic duck”)
genderidentiteit	n	de · mv. genderidentiteiten	gender identity
moerasscherm	n	het · mv. moerasschermen	any plant of genus Apium (and some formerly of that genus), such as marshworts
sprekenderwijs	d		through speaking
lachwekkend	a		laughable, risible; ridiculous, pathetic
rookthee	n	de · mv. rooktheeën	smoked tea, such as lapsang souchong
rookbier	n	het · mv. rookbieren	smoked beer
zemmel	n	de · mv. zemmels	faggot, queer (male homosexual)
vandoor	d		only used in ervandoor
ervantussen	d		synonym of ervandoor
vantussen	d		only used in ervantussen
praatgraag	a		loquacious, talkative
praatgraag	n	de · mv. praatgragen	chatterbox; a talkative person
uitpraten	v	praatte uit – uitgepraat	to finish talking, to say all one wishes to say; to talk out (resolve a problem by talking about it)
Doema	m		the Russian State Duma
recycleren	v	recycleerde – gerecycleerd	to recycle
recyclebaar	a		recyclable
recyclebaarheid	n	de	recyclability
recycleerbaar	a		recyclable
recycleerbaarheid	n	de	recyclability
yusu	d		seriously, really
stuiptrekking	n	de · mv. stuiptrekkingen	throe, spasm, convulsion
opgebruiken	v	gebruikte op – opgebruikt	to use up
huidziekte	n	de · mv. huidziekten	skin disease
teenslipper	n	de · mv. teenslippers	flip-flop, thong
Eurovisie	m		Eurovision (television network); Eurovision (the Eurovision song contest)
bloemiste	n	de · mv. bloemistes	female florist or flowershop keeper
beleefdheidsformule	n	de · mv. beleefdheidsformules	salutation, courtesy, polite expression (customary phrase used to be polite)
stuip	n	de · mv. stuipen	convulsion, spasm, shiver
recenseren	v	recenseerde – gerecenseerd	to review (artworks, etc.)
alliteratie	n	de · mv. alliteraties	alliteration
allitereren	v	allitereerde – geallitereerd	to alliterate
F-sider	n	de · mv. F-siders	an ultra (soccer fanatic) supporting the Dutch club AFC Ajax
Ajacied	n	de · mv. Ajacieden	a player or supporter of AFC Ajax
remarquabel	a		remarkable
ereschavot	n	het · mv. ereschavotten	winners' podium
Eurovisiesongfestival	m		Eurovision Song Contest
gehaktbrood	n	het · mv. gehaktbroden	meatloaf
Saeftinghe	m		a former heerlijkheid (fiefdom) and eponymous village in the region of…
fabuleren	v	fabuleerde – gefabuleerd	to fabulate, tell a story; to tell tales, fantasize
geeneens	d		synonym of niet eens (“not even”)
straatwolfsmelk	n	de	spotted spurge (Euphorbia maculata)
okidoki	i		an exclamation of accordance; okey-dokey
voetbalwedstrijd	n	de · mv. voetbalwedstrijden	football match
geluksbrenger	n	de · mv. geluksbrengers	lucky charm
hoorcollege	n	het · mv. hoorcolleges	university or high school lecture
omdoen	v	deed om – omgedaan	to put on clothes or objects that are worn around (such as scarves or bracelets)
fotoshoppen	v	fotoshopte – gefotoshopt	to photoshop
kampeerder	n	de · mv. kampeerders	camper (person who camps)
oeh	i		oh (expressing surprise); ugh (expressing disgust)
liefdesdaad	n	de · mv. liefdesdaden	act of love
oriënteren	v	oriënteerde – georiënteerd	to orient (direct towards or point at a particular direction); to orient oneself
kantoorgebouw	n	het · mv. kantoorgebouwen	office building
pizzadoos	n	de · mv. pizzadozen	a pizza box (box for carrying a pizza)
groenspaan	n	de	verdigris (blue-green patina or rust that forms on copper-containing metals)
zwemtraining	n	de · mv. zwemtrainingen	a swimming training
klachtenbrief	n	de · mv. klachtenbrieven	complaint letter
vrijkomen	v	kwam vrij – vrijgekomen	to get out, to get released; become free, become available; to get released
kunstproject	n	het · mv. kunstprojecten	art project
sportsok	n	de · mv. sportsokken	sport sock
salderen	v	saldeerde – gesaldeerd	to balance or offset a cost by compensating elsewhere; particularly, to net…
saldering	n	de	offsetting a cost through compensation elsewhere; particularly, net metering
genotsknots	n	de · mv. genotsknotsen	synonym of penis
zilverschoon	n	de/het	silverweed (Potentilla anserina)
schijnaardbei	n	de · mv. schijnaardbeien	mock strawberry (Potentilla indica)
viltig	a		felty, felt-like
viltganzerik	n	de · mv. viltganzeriken	hoary cinquefoil (Potentilla argentea)
eenzelfde	t		one of the same kind, a similar
takkezooi	n	de	a total mess; chaos
takkeherrie	n	de	loud, annoying noise; racket
kaltstellen	v	stelde kalt – kaltgesteld	to silence, shut up, repress
slaaptrein	n	de · mv. slaaptreinen	sleeper train (train that rides during the night and has sleeping facilities)
sommig	t		some
samenwonen	v	woonde samen – samengewoond	to cohabit, to live together
doorknippen	v	knipte door – doorgeknipt	to cut through; to keep cutting
nachtegaalskruid	n	het	synonym of fluitenkruid (“cow parsley”)
zelfpijperij	n	de	conceit, self-importance, pompousness, pretentiousness, self-aggrandizement,…
hypertrofie	n	de	hypertrophy
psycholinguïst	n	de · mv. psycholinguïsten	psycholinguist
grondvorm	n	de · mv. grondvormen	principal form; (linguistics) basic form; primitive form
volschrijven	v	schreef vol – volgeschreven	to fill with writing
wandbord	n	het · mv. wandborden	wall board
werkkamer	n	de · mv. werkkamers	workroom, study (room for studies), office
Nijmeegs	a		from Nijmegen, relating to that Dutch city
Nijmeegse	n	de · mv. Nijmeegsen	female Nijmegenaar; a woman from Nijmegen
psycholinguïstiek	n	de	psycholinguistics
bevlogen	a		enthusiastic, passionate
suïcidaliteit	n	de	suicidality
studieobject	n	het · mv. studieobjecten	object of study
talenonderwijs	a		language education
luistervaardigheid	a		listening skill
oud-premier	n	de · mv. oud-premiers	ex-prime minister
openstond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of openstaan
openstaan	v	stond open – opengestaan	to be open
bakkerswinkel	n	de · mv. bakkerswinkels	bakery, baker's shop
onbeklemtoond	a		unstressed
hoogfrequent	a		high-frequency
aansturing	n	de · mv. aansturingen	guidance, management
spraakorgaan	n	het · mv. spraakorganen	speech organ
een-tweetje	n	het · mv. een-tweetjes	a one-two
intercultureel	a		intercultural, between or relating to different cultures
wijnkaart	n	de · mv. wijnkaarten	wine list
projectmanager	n	de · mv. projectmanagers	project manager
Aziatische	n	de · mv. Aziatischen	female Asian; a woman from Asia
conflicthantering	n	de · mv. conflicthanteringen	conflict management
spijtoptant	n	de · mv. spijtoptanten	someone who, after Indonesia's declaration of independence, gained…; pentito, informant (criminal who cooperates with the police); someone who regrets a choice
kennismakingsronde	n	de · mv. kennismakingsronden	introductory round, (figuratively) icebreaker
wikiën	v	wikiede – gewikied	to wiki
praktijkervaring	n	de · mv. praktijkervaringen	practical experience, hands-on experience
monkelen	v	monkelde – gemonkeld	to mock; to mumble
uitvissen	v	viste uit – uitgevist	to figure out, to dig up
klip-en-klaar	a		plain and clear, evident, point-blank
tentoonspreidt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
onverlet	a		intact, unaffected
cultuurverschil	n	het · mv. cultuurverschillen	cultural difference
masculien	a		male, manly; masculine
opteren	v	opteerde – geopteerd	to opt, to choose (especially regarding a choice of citizenship or formal…; to rot away completely
optatie	n	de · mv. optaties	optation, a wish; choosing, a choice
boemboemmuziek	n	de	music with heavy bass, particularly genres such as techno, house or gabber
stipuleren	v	stipuleerde – gestipuleerd	to stipulate
stipulatie	n	de · mv. stipulaties	stipulation
tokkelbaan	n	de · mv. tokkelbanen	zipline
coördineren	v	coördineerde – gecoördineerd	to coordinate
coördinatie	n	de · mv. coördinaties	coordination
coördinatief	a		coordinative
voorkoombaar	a		preventable, avoidable
keukenpapier	n	het	kitchen paper
toiletpapier	n	het	toilet paper
mottenkruid	n	het	moth mullein (Verbascum blattaria)
kartelblad	n	het	lousewort, any plant of genus Pedicularis
moeraskartelblad	n	het	marsh lousewort, red rattle (Pedicularis palustris)
heidekartelblad	n	het	common lousewort (Pedicularis sylvatica)
kransgras	n	het · mv. kransgrassen	any grass of genus Polypogon; beardless rabbitsfoot grass, Polypogon viridis
uitverkorene	n	de · mv. uitverkorenen	chosen one
prefereren	v	prefereerde – geprefereerd	to prefer
witbol	n	de	any grass of genus Holcus
dravik	n	de · mv. draviken	brome (grass of genus Bromus)
dreps	n	de	rye brome (Bromus secalinus)
hitsig	a		heated, fiery, spirited; horny, in heat
hittig	a		synonym of hitsig
ditzelfde	t		this same, the aforementioned
ditzelfde	r		this same [thing], the aforementioned
narcistisch	a		narcissistic
Kagerplassen	m		a group of lakes by Kaag in South Holland, Netherlands
walstroleeuwenbek	n	de · mv. walstroleeuwenbekken	purple toadflax (Linaria purpurea)
tukken	v	tukte – getukt	synonym of slapen (“to sleep”)
zelfvoorzienend	a		self-sufficient
onvoorzien	a		unforeseen
vakantiegeld	n		a yearly bonus of one's salary or social security with a payout that…
hoofddeel	n	het · mv. hoofddelen	main part, principal part, body (main section); head section (section intended for the head)
Maatsen	m		a surname
wijnproductie	n	de	winemaking (process of making wine); wine production (quantity of wine produced)
boekenafdeling	n	de · mv. boekenafdelingen	book department, books section (part of the store where books are sold)
productieafdeling	n	de · mv. productieafdelingen	production department
afschrikmiddel	n	het · mv. afschrikmiddelen	deterrent
gps	n	het	global positioning system (as a system); GPS receiver (navigation tool)
geloofsdaad	n	de · mv. geloofsdaden	act of faith (action that demonstrates one's religious faith)
notificatie	n	de · mv. notificaties	the act of notifying; a specific piece of information that serves to notify; a text message on a cell phone
planologie	n	de	planning of public space and the built environment, including but not…
droeftoeter	n	de · mv. droeftoeters	sad sack
spuugzat	a		synonym of zat (“fed up”)
kalligrafisch	a		calligraphic
kaasknabbel	n	de · mv. kaasknabbels	cheese puff
zuiper	n	de · mv. zuipers	one who swigs booze
melksnor	n	de · mv. melksnorren	milkstache
hertshooi	n	het	a St. John's wort, hypericum; any plant of genus Hypericum
bingelkruid	n	het	a mercury; any plant of genus Mercurialis
kroonkruid	n	het	a crownvetch; any plant of genus Securigera
allesverzengend	a		all-consuming, all-burning, all-searing
zomerhitte	n	de	summer heat (extreme warmth in the summer)
weetbegeerte	n	de	synonym of weetgierigheid (“thirst for knowledge”)
aaneenrijgen	v	reeg aaneen – aaneengeregen	to string together; join, concatenate
aankruisen	v	kruiste aan – aangekruist	to mark with a cross, to check, to tick
aanwijzer	n	de · mv. aanwijzers	pointer, marker, cursor
actiefilm	n	de · mv. actiefilms	action movie
accentteken	n	het · mv. accenttekens	accent mark
opzijleggen	v	legde opzij – opzijgelegd	to put aside
iegelijk	t		each, any
iegelijk	r		everyone, everybody
aansturen	v	stuurde aan – aangestuurd	to drive (to cause to operate); to control; to drive (to), impel, incite
aanzicht	n	het · mv. aanzichten	view, regard
achteraanzicht	n	het · mv. achteraanzichten	back view
bovenaanzicht	n	het · mv. bovenaanzichten	top view
buitenaanzicht	n	het · mv. buitenaanzichten	view from outside
zijaanzicht	n	het · mv. zijaanzichten	side view
aartsbisschoppelijk	a		archiepiscopal
achternazitten	v	zat achterna – achternagezeten	to chase
afleidingsmanoeuvre	n	de/het · mv. afleidingsmanoeuvres	distraction, diversion
achterpiek	n	de · mv. achterpieken	afterpeak
voorpiek	n	de · mv. voorpieken	forepeak
aartskanselier	n	de · mv. aartskanseliers	archchancellor
ablatie	n	de · mv. ablaties	ablation (surgical removal); ablation (removal of a glacier by melting and evaporation)
accommoderen	v	accommodeerde – geaccommodeerd	to accommodate (provide housing or other needs for); to accommodate, adapt
manoeuvreren	v	manoeuvreerde – gemanoeuvreerd	to maneuver
heimlichmanoeuvre	n	de/het · mv. heimlichmanoeuvres	Heimlich maneuver
manoeuvreerbaar	a		maneuverable
ordewoord	n	het · mv. ordewoorden	watchword
onbestuurbaar	a		ungovernable
onvoorkoombaar	a		unpreventable, unavoidable
actualisatie	n	de · mv. actualisaties	actualization
adhesie	n	de · mv. adhesies	adhesion (ability of a substance to stick to an unlike substance); adhesion (persistent attachment or loyalty)
adherentie	n	de · mv. adherenties	adherence
adhesief	a		adhesive
vooruitgangsgeloof	n	het · mv. vooruitgangsgeloven	belief in progress
keuzevrijheid	n	het	freedom of choice
adoptiedochter	n	de · mv. adoptiedochters	adoptive daughter
adoptiekind	n	de · mv. adoptiekinderen	adoptive child
adoptiemoeder	n	de · mv. adoptiemoeders	adoptive mother
adoptievader	n	de · mv. adoptievaders	adoptive father
adoptiezoon	n	de · mv. adoptiezonen	adoptive son
afdwaling	n	de · mv. afdwalingen	wandering off; aberrance, iniquity
afluisteraar	n	de · mv. afluisteraars	eavesdropper
afmatten	v	matte af – afgemat	to fatigue
afrijden	v	reed af – afgereden	to drive off of; to drive the whole length of; to take a driving test, in order to obtain a driver's licence
afschaffer	n	de · mv. afschaffers	abolisher (one who abolishes)
afsterving	n	de · mv. afstervingen	necrosis
afstijgen	v	steeg af – afgestegen	to get down (especially from horses)
aftakken	v	takte af – afgetakt	to branch off
afvaren	v	voer af – afgevaren	to set sail, sail off
alambiek	n	de · mv. alambieken	alembic
algoritmisch	a		algorithmic
alhier	d		here, in an aforementioned place
alwaar	d		where, in an aforementioned place
allegaartje	n	het · mv. allegaartjes	hodgepodge, mishmash
waarloos	n	de	spare or superfluous parts taken on a ship; hamper
waarloos	a		unmindful, undiscerning, careless
vrijwaren	v	vrijwaarde – gevrijwaard	to safeguard, protect
onvrij	a		unfree, nonfree
cantharel	n	de · mv. cantharellen	chanterelle (Cantharellus cibarius)
wapenrusting	n	de · mv. wapenrustingen	military gear, military equipment, weapons and armour combined
regeldruk	n	de	administrative burden, regulatory burden, red tape
kennisinstelling	n	de · mv. kennisinstellingen	academic institution, educational institution
verdwazing	n	de · mv. verdwazingen	stupor
tijdverspilling	n	de · mv. tijdverspillingen	waste of time
racekak	n	de	synonym of diarree (“diarrhoea”)
Bosniër	n	de · mv. Bosniërs	Bosnian (person from Bosnia and Herzegovina or of Bosnian descent)
Bosnische	n	de · mv. Bosnischen	female Bosnian
koningslepelaar	n	de · mv. koningslepelaars	royal spoonbill (Platalea regia)
allusie	n	de · mv. allusies	allusion
alluderen	v	alludeerde – gealludeerd	to allude
amandelpers	n	de · mv. amandelpersen	synonym of amandelspijs
normaliteit	n	de · mv. normaliteiten	the state of being normal or usual; normalcy; the concentration of a solution expressed in gram equivalent weights of…
amoreel	a		amoral
moralisatie	n	de · mv. moralisaties	moralization
demoraliseren	v	demoraliseerde – gedemoraliseerd	to demoralize
demoralisatie	n	de · mv. demoralisaties	demoralization
immoraliteit	n	de · mv. immoraliteiten	immorality
amplificatie	n	de · mv. amplificaties	amplification
amplificeren	v	amplificeerde – geamplificeerd	to amplify
enerveren	v	enerveerde – geënerveerd	to vex; to excite, thrill, stimulate
stikjaloers	a		very jealous or envious
stiknerveus	a		very nervous
stikheet	a		very hot
stikgoed	a		very good
stikvervelend	a		very annoying
klaarpijpen	v	pijpte klaar – klaargepijpt	to fellate to the point of orgasm
pijpslet	n	de · mv. pijpsletten	slut who enjoys performing fellatio
studievertraging	n	de · mv. studievertragingen	delay in one's studies
lulhannes	n	de · mv. lulhannessen	idiot
kandidaatschap	n	de · mv. kandidaatschappen	candidacy
apenbroodboom	n	de · mv. apenbroodbomen	synonym of baobab
kandideren	v	kandideerde – gekandideerd	to nominate as candidate; to nominate oneself as candidate
pizzapunt	n	de · mv. pizzapunten	slice of pizza
fluctuatie	n	de · mv. fluctuaties	fluctuation
fluctueren	v	fluctueerde – gefluctueerd	to fluctuate
schommeling	n	de · mv. schommelingen	fluctuation
appeltaartpunt	n	de · mv. appeltaartpunten	slice of apple pie
arbeidsloon	n	het · mv. arbeidslonen	wage for working
bekaf	a		exhausted
verleppen	v	verlepte – verlept	to wither, wilt
blondje	n	het · mv. blondjes	a blonde
neuzelen	v	neuzelde – geneuzeld	to speak unclearly, as if through the nose; to mumble; to talk nonsense
geneuzel	n	het	nonsense, drivel, babble, twaddle
diversiteitsgeneuzel	n	het	drivel about diversity and inclusion
arbeidsplaats	n	de · mv. arbeidsplaatsen	workplace; job position
volprijzen	v	volprees – volprezen	to praise fully and extensively
onvolprezen	a		not praised as fully as deserved (due to great merit); truly excellent, but…
afprijzen	v	prijsde af – afgeprijsd	to discount, reduce the price of some product or service
drugsdealer	n	de · mv. drugsdealers	drug dealer
warande	n	de · mv. waranden	game preserve
kiesvee	n	het	voters considered to be easily manipulable; voters seen as a tool to get elected
cruisereis	n	de · mv. cruisereizen	a cruise trip
kleurling	n	de · mv. kleurlingen	coloured person, coloured, non-white
staatshervorming	n	de · mv. staatshervormingen	reform of the state, institutional reform
herinvoering	n	de	reintroduction
herinvoeren	v		to reintroduce
handelsbeperking	n	de · mv. handelsbeperkingen	trade restriction, trade barrier
patroonherkenning	n	de	pattern recognition
herwaarderen	v	herwaardeerde – herwaardeerd	to revalue, to rehabilitate
opsporingsbericht	n	het · mv. opsporingsberichten	all-points bulletin; missing person appeal
sportzaal	n	de · mv. sportzalen	a sports hall, a gym hall
basketbalspeler	n	de · mv. basketbalspelers	a basketballer, a basketball player
volleybalteam	n	het · mv. volleybalteams	a volleyball team
zelfspot	n	de	self-deprecation, self-mockery
flikflak	n	de · mv. flikflakken	backwards handspring
bofkont	n	de · mv. bofkonten	lucky dog
proefondervindelijk	a		experimental, empirical
proefondervindelijk	d		experimentally, empirically
bakfietsmoeder	n	de · mv. bakfietsmoeders	a mother who transports her children by cargo bike; in particular, a…
argumentatie	n	de · mv. argumentaties	argumentation
mafklapper	n	de · mv. mafklappers	a weirdo, goofball, nutjob
herneming	n	de · mv. hernemingen	reprise (a repetition of a phrase, a return to an earlier theme)
chanteerbaar	a		susceptible to extortion, blackmailable
jennen	v	jende – gejend	to bully, provoke
volksraadpleging	n	de · mv. volksraadplegingen	plebiscite, referendum (direct popular vote)
raadpleging	n	de · mv. raadplegingen	consultation; medical appointment, consultation
arrangeren	v	arrangeerde – gearrangeerd	to arrange (to organize; to set up); to arrange (adapt a composition)
bastaardvloek	n	de · mv. bastaardvloeken	minced oath
terughoudendheid	n	de	reluctance, reticence
vervoering	n	de	rapture (state of being transported by emotion)
wriemelen	v	wriemelde – gewriemeld	to squirm, wriggle
buitendijks	a		not protected by a dike; situated between a dike and the water from which it…
kwarktassen	n		breasts
autobiograaf	n	de · mv. autobiografen	autobiographer
lelijkte	n	de	synonym of lelijkheid
autoriem	n	de · mv. autoriemen	synonym of autogordel (“car seat belt”)
aviobrug	n	de · mv. aviobruggen	jet bridge
taakstelling	n	de · mv. taakstellingen	task, mandate
gebenedijd	a		blessed; not a single
wonderbaarlijk	a		miraculous, wonder-bearing
heteluchtoven	n	de · mv. heteluchtovens	convection oven
convectieoven	n	de · mv. convectieovens	synonym of heteluchtoven (“convection oven”)
ovenschaal	n	de · mv. ovenschalen	oven dish
steenoven	n	de · mv. steenovens	masonry oven, brick oven, brick kiln
wilgengors	n	de · mv. wilgengorzen	yellow-breasted bunting, Emberiza aureola
wilgenroosje	n	het · mv. wilgenroosjes	rosebay willowherb, fireweed, Chamaenerion angustifolium
doorgroeien	v	groeide door – doorgegroeid	to grow professionally
doorgroeimogelijkheid	n	de · mv. doorgroeimogelijkheden	career opportunity, growth opportunity
uitzaaien	v	zaaide uit – uitgezaaid	to broadcast (sow seeds over a wide area); to metastasize
bruggenbouwer	n	de · mv. bruggenbouwers	bridge-builder (builder of bridges); bridge-builder (person who establishes friendly relations between parties)
muziekcarrière	n	de · mv. muziekcarrières	music career
vervolgonderzoek	n	het · mv. vervolgonderzoeken	follow-up research
toepassingsgebied	n	het · mv. toepassingsgebieden	scope
Nobelprijswinnaar	n	de · mv. Nobelprijswinnaars	Nobel laureate
wetenschapsgebied	n	het · mv. wetenschapsgebieden	scientific area
wereldtop	n	de · mv. wereldtoppen	world leaders, world-class performers
aidsonderzoek	n	het · mv. aidsonderzoeken	AIDS research
darmonderzoek	n	het · mv. darmonderzoeken	intestinal examination; bowel research
mediageniek	a		mediagenic
manipuleerbaar	a		manipulatable, manipulable
citatie	n	de · mv. citaties	quotation (fragment of a human expression quoted by someone)
fraudezaak	n	de · mv. fraudezaken	fraud case
vergallen	v	vergalde – vergald	to ruin something pleasurable
dansschool	n	de · mv. dansscholen	a dance school, dance studio
krantenbericht	n	het · mv. krantenberichten	newspaper report, newspaper article
binnenshuis	d		inside one's home
publicitair	a		of or pertaining to publicity
binair	a		binary (being in one of two mutually exclusive states); binary (concerning the binary number system)
ontvolking	n	de · mv. ontvolkingen	depopulation
vijftigste	a		fiftieth
godgeklaagd	a		appalling, disgraceful, outrageous, scandalous
babbelziek	a		chattery, loquacious
badstof	n	de	terry cloth
badstof	a		made of terry cloth
hooggegrepen	a		ambitious, hard to achieve
bakpan	n	de · mv. bakpannen	any pan suitable for pan-frying
deelnemersveld	n	het · mv. deelnemersvelden	all participants in a competition, competitors taken collectively
visnet	n	het · mv. visnetten	fishing net
ontslagnemend	a		resigning, outgoing
taalachterstand	n	de · mv. taalachterstanden	language delay
eedaflegging	n	de · mv. eedafleggingen	oathtaking
zinsnede	n	de · mv. zinsneden	phrase
omzettingsgraad	n	de · mv. omzettingsgraden	conversion rate
besluitvaardig	a		resolute, determined
handelsbelemmering	n	de · mv. handelsbelemmeringen	trade barrier
rijkelui	n		rich people, the rich
armelui	n		poor people, the poor
rijkeluiskind	n	het · mv. rijkeluiskinderen	rich kid
Luikenaar	n	de · mv. Luikenaars	an inhabitant of Liège
Gentenaar	n	de · mv. Gentenaars	an inhabitant of Ghent
Aarlenaar	n	de · mv. Aarlenaars	an inhabitant of Arlon
Leuvenaar	n	de · mv. Leuvenaars	an inhabitant of Leuven
bakvet	n	het · mv. bakvetten	frying fat; fat used to fry in
werkloosheidsverzekering	n	de · mv. werkloosheidsverzekeringen	unemployment insurance
bangebroek	n	de · mv. bangebroeken	coward, scaredy pants
schijtebroek	n	de · mv. schijtebroeken	synonym of bangebroek
twintiger	n	de · mv. twintigers	twentysomething (someone in their twenties)
twintiger	t		in the twenties of a given century
gewichtheffen	n	het	weightlifting
hevigheid	n	de	intensity
verheviging	n	de	intensification
deadliften	v	deadliftte – gedeadlift	to deadlift
extensief	a		extensive
schobbejak	n	de · mv. schobbejakken	rascal, knave, rogue, good-for-nothing
appelkruimeltaart	n	de · mv. appelkruimeltaarten	apple crumb cake
vermaledijd	a		cursed, damned
opstelling	n	de · mv. opstellingen	arrangement, set-up; formation, line-up
betongaas	n	het	rebar mesh; metal mesh to reinforce concrete
betonijzer	n	het	rebar (metal used to reinforce concrete)
wapening	n	de	rebar; metal used to reinforce concrete
goddomme	i		syncopic form of godverdomme (“goddamnit”)
overlijdensbericht	n	het · mv. overlijdensberichten	death notice
rouwadvertentie	n	de · mv. rouwadvertenties	memorial advertisement
vroompjes	d		piously
sloompjes	d		slowly
Sjloume	m		a male given name from Yiddish, equivalent to English Shlomo
waterballet	n	het	water ballet; a messy situation involving an excessive amount of water
bijbenen	v	beende bij – bijgebeend	to keep up (with something or someone)
Krimpener	a		of, from or pertaining to Krimpen aan den IJssel
Alblasser	a		of or pertaining to Alblas
Bazel	m		Basel (a city in Switzerland); a village in Kruibeke, East Flanders, Belgium
anticipatie	n	de · mv. anticipaties	anticipation (the act of anticipating something); deferred revenue (disposal of amounts that can only be collected or matured…
dunheid	n	de	thinness
basja	n	de · mv. basja's	dated spelling of basya
bastiaan	n	de · mv. bastiaans	synonym of basya (“assistant village chief”); synonym of basya (“enslaved assistant plantation overseer”)
beleidsadviseur	n	de · mv. beleidsadviseurs	policy officer (an expert employed by the government, a non-governmental…
tikkeltje	n	het · mv. tikkeltjes	only used in een tikkeltje (“a bit, not much”)
welvaartsziekte	n	de · mv. welvaartsziekten	civilizational disease, lifestyle disease
hernieuwbaar	a		renewable
sciencefictionfilm	n	de · mv. sciencefictionfilms	science fiction film
dwarsdoorsnede	n	de · mv. dwarsdoorsneden	cross section
doorrekenen	v	rekende door – doorgerekend	to charge a cost for something, to pass a cost on someone, to bill
openlaten	v	liet open – opengelaten	to leave open
onderwijsvernieuwing	n	de · mv. onderwijsvernieuwingen	educational innovation
Limburgse	n	de · mv. Limburgsen	female Limburger; a woman from Limburg
zeewinde	n	de · mv. zeewinden	sea bindweed (Convolvulus soldanella syn. Calystegia soldanella)
toelatingseis	n	de · mv. toelatingseisen	admission requirement
doorstromen	v	stroomde door – doorgestroomd	to move on, to progress to a higher level; to flow, to proceed; to keep flowing (as a fluid)
doubleren	v	doubleerde – gedoubleerd	to repeat a year; to double the quantity (especially a bet)
afstromen	v	stroomde af – afgestroomd	to flow off, to flow away; to downgrade, to go to a lower educational level
waarheidsvinding	n	de · mv. waarheidsvindingen	truth-finding, act or process of finding the truth
blindstaren	v	staarde blind – blindgestaard	to focus blindly, to pay too much attention to something and ignore bigger…
denkproces	n	het · mv. denkprocessen	thought process
tüteren	v	tüterde – getüterd	to honk one's car horn celebratorily, especially after a football match
gepokt	a		pockmarked
Chandrikapersad	m		a male given name
zeeraket	n	de · mv. zeeraketten	searocket (Cakile maritima)
oranjebuikparkiet	n	de · mv. oranjebuikparkieten	orange-bellied parrot (Neophema chrysogaster)
marcheerpoeder	n	het · mv. marcheerpoeders	synonym of cocaïne (“cocaine”)
verdelging	n	de	extermination
uitroeiing	n	de	extermination
herijken	v	herijkte – herijkt	to recalibrate, regauge, reassess
herijking	n	de · mv. herijkingen	recalibration, reassessment
zestienmetergebied	n	het · mv. zestienmetergebieden	penalty area
strafschopgebied	n	het · mv. strafschopgebieden	penalty area
bewustwording	n	de · mv. bewustwordingen	realization
bedauwen	v	bedauwde – bedauwd	to bedew, to moisten; to endow, to bless
actieplan	n	het · mv. actieplannen	plan of action, action plan
kookles	n	de · mv. kooklessen	cooking lesson, cooking class
hotellobby	n	de · mv. hotellobby's	hotel lobby
dientengevolge	d		consequently, as a result
dienovereenkomstig	a		corresponding to that; similar
Riukiu	m		Ryukyu (island arc in southwestern japan); Ryukyu (formal province in Japan)
siksijoeroe	n	de · mv. siksijoeroe's	dated spelling of siksiyuru
Opdijk	m		a Dutch surname
pretentieus	a		pretentious
alcholisme	n	het	alcoholism
zorgelijk	a		worrisome
ongein	n	de · mv. ongeinen	nonsense; (tasteless) tomfoolery, buffoonery
ongeinig	a		unfunny
hoerig	a		whorish
kliekjesdag	n	de · mv. kliekjesdagen	a day on which one eats leftovers instead of preparing a fresh meal
geitenpad	n	het · mv. geitenpaden	a trail used or made by goats; a shortcut, bypass or alternative route used to circumvent restrictions or…
omhoogzitten	v	zat omhoog – omhooggezeten	to have problems, be in trouble
reageerbuisbaby	n	de · mv. reageerbuisbaby's	test tube baby
verifieerbaar	a		verifiable
verificatie	n	de · mv. verificaties	verification
onverifieerbaar	a		unverifiable
verifieerbaarheid	n	de	verifiability
siksiyuru	n	de · mv. siksiyuru's	true cicada (any cicada of the family Cicadidae)
proefbuis	n	de · mv. proefbuizen	test tube
karmozijnrood	a		crimson
karmozijn	n	het	carmine
allesreiniger	n	de · mv. allesreinigers	all-purpose cleaner
ritmiek	n	de	rhythmics
polyritme	n	het · mv. polyritmes	polyrhythm
kriebelneus	n	de · mv. kriebelneuzen	itchy nose
deugkneus	n	de · mv. deugkneuzen	a left-wing or progressive man, particularly one perceived to be a virtue…
deuggleuf	n	de · mv. deuggleuven	a left-wing or progressive woman, particularly one perceived to be a virtue…
deugmens	n	de · mv. deugmensen	a left-wing or progressive person, particularly one perceived to be a virtue…
waterinhoud	n	de · mv. waterinhouden	water content, amount of water
opwassen	v	waste op – opgewassen	to grow up; to wash, to wash up
talentenjacht	n	de · mv. talentenjachten	talent show
danwel	c		either ... or
waggelen	v	waggelde – gewaggeld	to waddle, waggle
rudimentair	a		rudimentary
onbeschaamdheid	n	de	shamelessness, insolence, impudence
robuust	a		sturdy, robust
robuustheid	n	de	robustness
amateuristisch	a		amateurish
imitatie	n	de · mv. imitaties	imitation
hoedanig	r		how, what […] like
hoedanig	t		what kind of; which kind of
kijkfile	n	de · mv. kijkfiles	gawker's block
champagneglas	n	het · mv. champagneglazen	champagne glass, champagne flute
ochtendblad	n	het · mv. ochtendbladen	morning paper (newspaper distributed in the morning)
stadskasteel	n	het · mv. stadskastelen	a type of large urban patrician house, found particularly in the medieval…
neembaar	a		that can be taken; takeable
onneembaar	a		that cannot be taken; untakeable
schoppenaas	n	de/het · mv. schoppenazen	ace of spades
hartenaas	n	de/het · mv. hartenazen	ace of hearts
ruitenaas	n	de/het · mv. ruitenazen	ace of diamonds
klaveraas	n	de/het · mv. klaverazen	ace of clubs
basloop	n	de	bass motif, bassline segment
spiegelen	v	spiegelde – gespiegeld	to mirror
wereldwijs	a		worldly-wise, worldly
laksheid	n	de · mv. laksheiden	laxness
destemeer	d		all the more
destebeter	d		all the better, even better
wildvreemd	a		completely unknown, foreign, unfamiliar
hazenstaart	n	de · mv. hazenstaarten	a hare's tail; harestail (Lagurus ovatus)
freatofyt	n	de · mv. freatofyten	phreatophyte
afreatofyt	n	de · mv. afreatofyten	aphreatophyte
onroerend	a		immobile
krapé	n	de · mv. krapés	synonym of soepschildpad (“green sea turtle (Chelonia mydas)”)
Coene	m		a surname
godsvermogen	n	het · mv. godsvermogens	a large sum of money; a fortune
kapoewa	n	de · mv. kapoewa's	capybara (Hydrochoerus hydrochaeris)
bevlogenheid	n	de	enthusiasm, passion
informatieverwerkend	a		information-processing
ocharm	i		poor thing, exclamation of pity
teweeg	d		only used in teweegbrengen
ketsen	v	ketste – geketst	to skim, skip; to ricochet, bounce off; to have sex
beproeving	n	de · mv. beproevingen	trial, ordeal, tribulation
opleving	n	de · mv. oplevingen	economic revival, upturn, boost
inleving	n	de · mv. inlevingen	empathy
aanstootgevend	a		offensive
uitschakeling	n	de · mv. uitschakelingen	elimination
eliminatie	n	de · mv. eliminaties	elimination
betalingsherinnering	n	de · mv. betalingsherinneringen	payment reminder
circuleren	v	circuleerde – gecirculeerd	to circulate (to (cause to) move in circles); to circulate, to spread
circulair	a		circular (in the shape of, or moving in a circle)
circulatie	n	de · mv. circulaties	circulation (movement in a circle); circulation (transmission, spreading)
circulariteit	n	de · mv. circulariteiten	circularity
ischemisch	a		ischaemic, ischemic
televisiezender	n	de · mv. televisiezenders	television channel; television transmitter
tijdloos	a		timeless
seksloos	a		sexless
zielloos	a		soulless
wezenloos	a		mindless, vacant, mentally distant
kennisdeling	n	de · mv. kennisdelingen	knowledge sharing
kloffie	n	het · mv. kloffies	outfit
studiehuis	n	het · mv. studiehuizen	independent study centre; educational innovation in the Netherlands to allow…
iPadschool	n	de · mv. iPadscholen	nickname of a Steve Jobsschool, a type of innovative schools where iPad is…
onderwijsmethode	n	de · mv. onderwijsmethoden	teaching method
klassikaal	a		related to or based on a school class
bijsmaak	n	de · mv. bijsmaken	tang (extraneous flavour); aftertaste
driestheid	n	de	boldness, recklessness
rumoer	n	het · mv. rumoeren	rumor (unverifiable information; gossip); noise
aanfruiten	v	fruitte aan – aangefruit	synonym of fruiten (“to fry in boiling fat, generally said of vegetables”)
aanvrager	n	de · mv. aanvragers	one who requests or applies (for) something
incassering	n	de	the collection of money; (direct) debit; the act of bearing or suffering some hardship
incasseringsvermogen	n	het	the ability to endure hardship; resilience
kotsbeu	a		synonym of beu (“fed up”)
opdrachtnemer	n	de · mv. opdrachtnemers	one who accepts a task or commission
uiteenzetten	v	zette uiteen – uiteengezet	to expound
veerkrachtig	a		resilient
doodsaai	a		extremely boring
verschrompelen	v	verschrompelde – verschrompeld	to shrivel
schrompelen	v	schrompelde – geschrompeld	to shrivel
Fedde	m		a male given name
Noud	m		a male given name
Joep	m		a male given name
Loek	m		a male given name
Ties	m		a male given name
onderwijsinnovatie	n	de · mv. onderwijsinnovaties	educational innovation
nevenwerkzaamheid	n	de · mv. nevenwerkzaamheden	any ancillary activity (such as a side job)
didactisch	a		didactic
islamofascisme	n	het	Islamofascism
bevruchting	n	de · mv. bevruchtingen	fertilization, insemination
cassatie	n	de · mv. cassaties	cassation
nietigheid	n	de · mv. nietigheden	puniness, insignificance; voidness
didactiek	n	de · mv. didactieken	didactics
muzelman	n	de · mv. muzelmannen	Muslim
ontspullen	v	ontspulde – ontspuld	to get rid of material things; to declutter
onderwijspsychologie	n	de	educational psychology
onderwijstechnologie	n	de · mv. onderwijstechnologieën	educational technology
downcyclen	v	downcyclede – gedowncycled	to downcycle
upcyclen	v	upcyclede – geüpcycled	to upcycle
toesturen	v	stuurde toe – toegestuurd	to send, to dispatch
preveniëren	v	prevenieerde – geprevenieerd	to prevent
kortetermijngeheugen	n	het	short-term memory
langetermijngeheugen	n	het	long-term memory
leeftijdsbeperking	n	de · mv. leeftijdsbeperkingen	age limit
observeerbaar	a		observable (able to be observed)
observeerbaarheid	n	de	observability
observeerder	n	de · mv. observeerders	observer (one who makes observations)
acceptatie	n	de · mv. acceptaties	acceptance
koningsmoordenaar	n	de · mv. koningsmoordenaars	regicide (one who kills a king)
representativiteit	n	de	representativity
onderzoekslaboratorium	n	het · mv. onderzoekslaboratoria	investigational laboratory, research laboratory
waterkringloop	n	de · mv. waterkringlopen	water cycle
provocatief	a		serving or tending to elicit a strong, often negative sentiment in another…; serving or tending to excite, stimulate or arouse sexual interest; sexy
representatie	n	de · mv. representaties	representation
hoogtemeter	n	de · mv. hoogtemeters	altimeter
compilatie	n	de · mv. compilaties	the act or process of compiling or gathering together from various sources; that which is compiled; especially, a book or document composed of materials…
compilatiewerk	n	het · mv. compilatiewerken	compilation work
luxepaard	n	het · mv. luxepaarden	a spoiled or pampered person; a materialistic person obsessed with luxury
abbreviatie	n	de · mv. abbreviaties	abbreviation
abbreviëren	v	abbrevieerde – geabbrevieerd	to abbreviate
lokaliseren	v	lokaliseerde – gelokaliseerd	to localize (determine where something is to be found); to localize (make local)
lokaliseerbaar	a		localizable
lokaliseerbaarheid	n	de	localizability
jeugdloon	n	het · mv. jeugdlonen	Wages paid to youth; a minimum wage paid to people below 21 years of age, which is significantly…
zwavelzwam	n	de · mv. zwavelzwammen	sulphur shelf, chicken of the woods (Laetiporus sulphureus)
massamedium	n	het · mv. massamedia	mass medium
Klerk	m		Klerk (“a surname originating as an occupation derived from klerk.”)
onderhavig	a		current, in question
onkuis	a		unchaste
schattepatat	n	de · mv. schattepatatten	A term of endearment: darling, precious, sweetie
healen	v	healde – geheald	to heal
oproerkraaier	n	de · mv. oproerkraaiers	agitator, provocateur, troublemaker; one who attempts to instigate unrest
niemendalletje	n	het · mv. niemendalletjes	a very revealing piece of clothing
verdeel-en-heerspolitiek	n	de	divide-and-conquer policy
deconstructie	n	de · mv. deconstructies	deconstruction
instructief	a		instructive (conveying knowledge, information or instruction)
destructie	n	de · mv. destructies	destruction
balsemien	n	de · mv. balsemienen	balsam (plant of the Balsaminaceae family)
reuzenbalsemien	n	de · mv. reuzenbalsemienen	Himalayan balsam (Impatiens glandulifera)
springzaad	n	het · mv. springzaden	a balsam; any plant of genus Impatiens
reconstructie	n	de · mv. reconstructies	a thing that has been reconstructed or restored to an earlier state; the act of restoring something to an earlier state; a result of an attempt to understand in detail how a certain result or event…
destrueren	v	destrueerde – gedestrueerd	to destroy (euthanize, put down; mainly used for farm animals); to destruct, destroy (damage beyond repair)
een-twee-drie	d		one-two-three (quickly, with ease)
laminaat	n	het · mv. laminaten	laminate
gekkerd	n	de · mv. gekkerds	silly/crazy person
stamtijd	n	de · mv. stamtijden	principal parts: the series of forms of a verb from which all of the other…
wijnindustrie	n	de · mv. wijnindustrieën	wine industry
melkindustrie	n	de · mv. melkindustrieën	dairy industry
reddeloos	a		without any prospect of being saved or helped; unsalvageable; hopeless
abduceren	v	abduceerde – geabduceerd	to abduct, abduce (move away from the median axis of the body)
adduceren	v	adduceerde – geadduceerd	to adduct (move toward the median axis of the body)
adductie	n	de · mv. adducties	adduction (movement toward the median axis of the body)
circumduceren	v	circumduceerde – gecircumduceerd	to circumduct (rotate a body part)
circumductie	n	de · mv. circumducties	circumduction (rotation of a body part)
ochtenddamp	n	de · mv. ochtenddampen	synonym of ochtendmist (“morning mist”)
ochtendmist	n	de	morning mist
duizend-en-een	u		a thousand and one (a great many)
negroïde	a		negroid
negroïde	n	de · mv. negroïden	negroid
verkleuteren	v	verkleuterde – verkleuterd	to dumb down; to become or render more superficial or lowest-common-denominator
verkleutering	n	de	the act or process of becoming (or rendering something) more superficial and…
linksplakker	n	de · mv. linksplakkers	left lane hog
Nagtegaal	m		a surname
koekoekshommel	n	de · mv. koekoekshommels	cuckoo bumblebee (bumblebee of genus Psithyrus)
broedparasiet	n	de · mv. broedparasieten	brood parasite
broedparasitisme	n	het	brood parasitism
nestparasitisme	n	het	synonym of broedparasitisme (“brood parasitism”)
nestparasiet	n	de · mv. nestparasieten	synonym of broedparasiet (“brood parasite”)
dekoloniaal	a		decolonial
postkoloniaal	a		postcolonial
prekoloniaal	a		precolonial
antikoloniaal	a		anticolonial
rentenieren	v	rentenierde – gerentenierd	to live off of independent means
madame-jeanette	n	de · mv. madame-jeanettes	Madame Jeanette, a variety of chili pepper from Suriname
dropshippen	v	dropshipte – gedropshipt	to drop ship
stoofpot	n	de · mv. stoofpotten	stew
tuthola	n	de · mv. tuthola's	synonym of tut (“unlikeable or silly woman or girl”)
bobbel	n	de · mv. bobbels	lump, bulge, bump; bubble
hortsik	i		giddyup (urging a horse forward)
hortsik	n	de/het	horsemeat
handomdraai	n	de · mv. handomdraaien	a jiffy; (something that takes) a very short time or very little effort
geconstipeerd	a		constipated (unable to defecate)
overspeligheid	n	de	adulterousness
trouweloos	a		faithless, disloyal
secretaris-generaal	n	de · mv. secretarissen-generaal	Secretary General
Bijbelwetenschap	n	de · mv. Bijbelwetenschappen	Biblical studies
automatie	n	de · mv. automatieën	automation (the act or process of converting the controlling of a machine or…
eierlopen	n	het	egg and spoon race
elektrocardiografie	n	de	electrocardiography
elektrocardiograaf	n	de · mv. elektrocardiografen	electrocardiograph
cardiomyopathie	n	de	cardiomyopathy
dialectiek	n	de	dialectic
dialectisch	a		dialectic; dialectical
tandvleesontsteking	n	de · mv. tandvleesontstekingen	gingivitis
deemstig	a		foggy, misty
verbanning	n	de · mv. verbanningen	banishment (act of banishing); banishment, exile (state of being banished)
roddelaar	n	de · mv. roddelaars	a gossip
differentiaal	n	de · mv. differentialen	differential (infinitesimal change); synonym of differentieel (“differential gear”)
stutten	v	stutte – gestut	to buttress, prop up, support
maraan	n	de · mv. maranen	marrano, a Jew who converted to Catholicism under threat or force in…
guave	n	de · mv. guaves	guava (Psidium guajava)
frisbeeën	v	frisbeede – gefrisbeed	to Frisbee
weerom	d		syncopic form of wederom (“once again”)
tolereerbaar	a		tolerable
bevooroordelen	v	bevooroordeelde – bevooroordeeld	to prejudice
prepositie	n	de · mv. preposities	preposition
tolerering	n	de	tolerance, toleration
chatgesprek	n	het · mv. chatgesprekken	chat conversation
hotelkamer	n	de · mv. hotelkamers	hotel room
bovenlichaam	n	het · mv. bovenlichamen	upper body
doorleren	v	leerde door – doorgeleerd	to make further education; to continue studying
collegejaar	n	het · mv. collegejaren	academic year in higher education
knipbeurt	n	de · mv. knipbeurten	hairdo, haircut done at a regular frequency
middagpauze	n	de · mv. middagpauzen	lunchbreak
concertkaart	n	de · mv. concertkaarten	concert ticket
flierefluiten	v	flierefluitte – geflierefluit	to lounge, to laze (to pass time relaxing)
invulling	n	de · mv. invullingen	filling, formfilling
vrijwilligersproject	n	het · mv. vrijwilligersprojecten	volunteer project
hotelschool	n	de · mv. hotelscholen	hotel school
Bijbelvertaling	n	de · mv. Bijbelvertalingen	Bible translation
verslonzen	v	verslonsde – verslonsd	to neglect
hatsekidee	i		Expresses a sudden or completed occurrence
categorisatie	n	de · mv. categorisaties	categorization
categorisering	n	de · mv. categoriseringen	categorization
zwier	n	de	elegance, flourish; panache
opgroeit	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
categoraal	a		restricted to or specialized in one category
categoriaal	a		categorical (of or pertaining to categories); synonym of categoraal
categoriek	a		synonym of categorisch
assembleren	v	assembleerde – geassembleerd	to assemble
entameren	v	entameerde – geëntameerd	to initiate, start
entamering	n	de · mv. entameringen	process of starting something, setting in motion; start, initiation
geveltuin	n	de · mv. geveltuinen	a microgarden consisting of a narrow strip of vegetation close to the…
politroek	n	de · mv. politroeken	politruk
detectie	n	de · mv. detecties	detection (act or process of detecting)
kaboem	i		kaboom (sound of an explosion or other loud noise)
dedicatie	n	de · mv. dedicaties	dedication (state of being dedicated); dedication (act or process of dedicating)
dediceren	v	dediceerde – gedediceerd	to dedicate (commit to particular course); to dedicate (address to another)
preferentie	n	de · mv. preferenties	preference
eetzaal	n	de · mv. eetzalen	dining hall, refectory
stabilisatie	n	de · mv. stabilisaties	stabilization
bromaat	n	het · mv. bromaten	bromate
preferabel	a		preferable
West-Europa	m		Western Europe (a sociopolitical region in the west of Europe)
waterwerk	n	het · mv. waterwerken	waterworks (engineering works relating to the conveyance and flow of water)
regeringszetel	n	de · mv. regeringszetels	seat of government
poedersneeuw	n	de	powder snow (freshly fallen, uncompacted snow)
motsneeuw	n	de	powder snow (solid equivalent of drizzle)
jachtsneeuw	n	de	fine drifting snow
ijsvloer	n	de · mv. ijsvloeren	ice floor, ice surface, ice rink
schaatsbond	n	de · mv. schaatsbonden	skating association (union of skating clubs); skating union (union of national skating associations)
toertocht	n	de · mv. toertochten	tour (race organised by a sports club, for example in tour skating)
overtoepen	v	toepte over – overgetoept	to outdo, trump
isolatiecel	n	de · mv. isolatiecellen	synonym of isoleercel
miesgasser	n	de · mv. miesgassers	an unpleasant person
soortement	n	het · mv. soortementen	sort, kind
vlieszaad	n	het · mv. vlieszaden	a bugseed; any plant of genus Corispermum
goudzuring	n	de · mv. goudzuringen	golden dock (Rumex maritimus)
kruiskruid	n	het · mv. kruiskruiden	a senecio; any plant of genus Senecio, or that was previously counted as…
zilverkruiskruid	n	het · mv. zilverkruiskruiden	silver ragwort (Jacobaea maritima)
jakobskruiskruid	n	het · mv. jakobskruiskruiden	common ragwort (Jacobaea vulgaris)
duinkruiskruid	n	het · mv. duinkruiskruiden	Jacobaea vulgaris subsp. dunensis, a subspecies of common ragwort
grijskruid	n	het · mv. grijskruiden	hoary alyssum, hoary berteroa (Berteroa incana)
autobestuurder	n	de · mv. autobestuurders	A motorist, a car driver
verkeersminister	n	de · mv. verkeersministers	Minister of Transport
innoveren	v	innoveerde – geïnnoveerd	to innovate; to revolutionize, to improve by means of innovation
kabouterpost	n	de	Recreational drugs in powder form (typically cocaine or speed), delivered in…
meidengroep	n	de · mv. meidengroepen	a girl band
Keulenaar	n	de · mv. Keulenaren	a Colognian, someone from Cologne
houtvrij	a		without wood; lacking wood; woodfree
onbekwaamheid	n	de	incompetence
opcenten	n	de	additional percentage
opziener	n	de · mv. opzieners	synonym of opzichter
proefdruk	n	de · mv. proefdrukken	galley proof
ruilslag	n	de · mv. ruilslagen	asset swap: exchange of tangible for intangible assets; exchange of the flow…
joepie	i		whoopee, yippee, yay
joechei	i		yippee, whoopee
langeafstandrelatie	n	de · mv. langeafstandrelaties	long-distance relationship
rechterduim	n	de · mv. rechterduimen	right thumb, part of the hand
basisbehoeften	n		basic needs, plural of basisbehoefte
basisbehoefte	n	de · mv. basisbehoeftes	basic need, one of basic needs
liefdesverklaring	n	de · mv. liefdesverklaringen	declaration of love
onderschuiven	v	schoof onder – ondergeschoven	secretly put in place of something else
topprestatie	n	de · mv. topprestaties	top performance
bloedsuikerspiegel	n	de · mv. bloedsuikerspiegels	blood sugar level, blood sugar (amount of glucose in a person's blood)
schoolgemeenschap	n	de · mv. schoolgemeenschappen	school community (group of schools)
hoogrendementsketel	n	de · mv. hoogrendementsketels	condensing boiler
gebruiksfase	n	de · mv. gebruiksfasen	usage phase
gebruiksduur	n	de	service life
aanpalend	a		adjacent
eigendomsoverdracht	n	de · mv. eigendomsoverdrachten	transfer of ownership
klantrelatie	n	de · mv. klantrelaties	customer relationship
goeddunkt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of goeddunken
goeddunken	v	docht goed – goedgedocht	to see fit, to deem appropriate
goeddunken	n	het	discretion, judgment
verbrandingsoven	n	de · mv. verbrandingsovens	incinerator; crematorium
eindigheid	n	de · mv. eindigheden	finitude
opdrijven	v	dreef op – opgedreven	to drive up
bevestigingsvooroordeel	n	het · mv. bevestigingsvooroordelen	confirmation bias
havist	n	de · mv. havisten	A pupil at a havo school
pineut	n	de	only used in de pineut zijn
straalbezopen	a		pissed, blackout drunk
kopzorg	n	de · mv. kopzorgen	A major worry, a persisting source of vexation and stress
jippie	i		whoopee, yippee, yay
lommerrijk	a		shaded; lush, full of foliage
diensteneconomie	n	de · mv. diensteneconomieën	service economy
zweverig	a		vague, unclear; not based on reality; spiritual, new age
enkelspeler	n	de · mv. enkelspelers	singles player
nieuwwaarde	n	de · mv. nieuwwaarden	new value (value of a product while it is not used)
grondstofkosten	n		raw material costs
muziekdienst	n	de · mv. muziekdiensten	music streaming service
maandbedrag	n	het · mv. maandbedragen	monthly fee
heftruck	n	de · mv. heftrucks	forklift, forklift truck
vorkheftruck	n	de · mv. vorkheftrucks	forklift truck
stortvloed	n	de · mv. stortvloeden	flash flood, deluge
verwezenlijking	n	de · mv. verwezenlijkingen	realization (the act of making real)
ingeving	n	de · mv. ingevingen	idea, epiphany (illuminating realization)
verbluffen	v	verblufte – verbluft	to baffle, astonish, astound
muziekkeuze	n	de · mv. muziekkeuzen	music choice
geluidsdrager	n	de · mv. geluidsdragers	sound carrier
polycarbonaat	n	de	polycarbonate
terugbetaling	n	de · mv. terugbetalingen	reimbursement, refund
vergadertafel	n	de · mv. vergadertafels	conference table, meeting table
verstelbaar	a		adjustable, regulable
tijdsbesparing	n	de · mv. tijdsbesparingen	time saving
meespelen	v	speelde mee – meegespeeld	to play a game, to take part in a competition; to play a part (to contribute to the outcome)
ongemerkt	a		unnoticed
controlemogelijkheid	n	de · mv. controlemogelijkheden	control possibility
besteleend	n	de · mv. besteleenden	A Citroën 2CV Fourgonnette
lieverlee	n	de	only used in van lieverlee
T-splitsing	n	de · mv. T-splitsingen	T-junction
binnenterrein	n	het · mv. binnenterreinen	inner area, courtyard
afsluitbaar	a		lockable, sealable, that can be closed
kunsttentoonstelling	n	de · mv. kunsttentoonstellingen	art exhibition
kolenbrandersgeloof	n	het	blind faith (uncritical faith)
kolenbrander	n	de · mv. kolenbranders	charcoal burner, collier (person who produces charcoal); charcoal burner, a heater or brazier that burns on charcoal
meiler	n	de · mv. meilers	A clamp or earthen kiln (pile or pit containing material to be heated in a…
autovrij	a		carfree
autoluw	a		with relatively few cars
onbevooroordeeld	a		unprejudiced, unbiased
gegak	n	het	cackling, gaggling (of geese)
Merel	m		a female given name
kansparel	n	de · mv. kansparels	A criminal or thuggish youth, particularly with a non-Western ethnic background
woningcorporatie	n	de · mv. woningcorporaties	housing association (organisation that provides social housing)
haatzaaier	n	de · mv. haatzaaiers	hatemonger
radencommunisme	n	het	council communism
kleinzieligheid	n	de	pettiness
grootsheid	n	de	grandness
nachtgesternte	n	het	synonym of gesternte
cultusbeeld	n	het · mv. cultusbeelden	statue of a god
sjibbolet	n	het · mv. sjibbolets	shibboleth
kwedelen	v	kwedelde – gekwedeld	To sing softly
schrepel	n	de · mv. schrepels	hand hoe (small, lightweight hoe)
schrepel	a		thin, skinny, meager
goliathkikker	n	de · mv. goliathkikkers	goliath frog (Conraua goliath)
oncomfortabel	a		uncomfortable
veldbrandoven	n	de · mv. veldbrandovens	brick clamp
veldoven	n	de · mv. veldovens	brick clamp
veldovensteen	n	de · mv. veldovenstenen	clamp brick (brick fired in a brick clamp)
veldbrandsteen	n	de · mv. veldbrandstenen	clamp brick (brick fired in a brick clamp)
labberen	v	labberde – gelabberd	to totter, to move unsteadily or weakly; to blow weakly
pireng	n	de · mv. pirengs	piranha
Bijltjesdag	m		30 May 1787, the day that Orangist shipwrights rose up against the…
bijltjesdag	n	de · mv. bijltjesdagen	a day of reckoning, in particular one of bloody revenge or repression (if…; the annual parliamentary debate concerning the audit report of the…; big day (day on which something significant or momentous happens), moment of…
bijlkop	n	de · mv. bijlkoppen	axe head
vlakbijl	n	de · mv. vlakbijlen	flat axe, an axe type with a flat axe head that was embedded in the wood of…
autodeur	n	de · mv. autodeuren	car door (door on an automobile)
kaasboer	n	de · mv. kaasboeren	cheesemonger
campagneleider	n	de · mv. campagneleiders	campaign manager
straatpizza	n	de · mv. straatpizza's	puke, vomit
studentenkamer	n	de · mv. studentenkamers	student room
corporatiewoning	n	de · mv. corporatiewoningen	social housing, rental dwelling belonging to a housing association
pizzatent	n	de · mv. pizzatenten	pizzeria, pizza joint
studentenhuisvesting	n	de · mv. studentenhuisvestingen	student housing
studentenflat	n	de · mv. studentenflats	student dormitory (room or building)
studentenstad	n	de · mv. studentensteden	university town, college town
neuskeutel	n	de · mv. neuskeutels	booger
woongroep	n	de · mv. woongroepen	coliving, communal living group
ouderejaars	n	de · mv. ouderejaars	senior, a student in one of one's last year at a university or college; student who is a member of a student society (studentenvereniging) for over…
kamernood	n	de · mv. kamernoden	room shortage
huisvester	n	de · mv. huisvesters	housing provider
koninginnenhap	n	de · mv. koninginnenhappen	vol-au-vent
noodsituatie	n	de · mv. noodsituaties	emergency situation
instortingsgevaar	n	het · mv. instortingsgevaren	collapse hazard
noodvoorraad	n	de · mv. noodvoorraden	emergency stock (reserve)
schoolleiding	n	de · mv. schoolleidingen	school management
telefoonnet	n	het · mv. telefoonnetten	telephone network; numbering plan area
vrijhouden	v	hield vrij – vrijgehouden	to keep free
poelier	n	de · mv. poeliers	poultry seller
weeralarm	n	het · mv. weeralarmen	weather alert
rampenzender	n	de · mv. rampenzenders	a public television or radio channel that will broadcast emergency…
overbelasting	n	de · mv. overbelastingen	overload
noodpakket	n	het · mv. noodpakketten	survival kit
egelskop	n	de · mv. egelskoppen	bur-reed (any plant of genus Sparganium)
blauwgrasland	n	het · mv. blauwgraslanden	A type of fen meadow, specifically the phytoassociation Cirsio…
constitutie	n	de · mv. constituties	constitution (ground law); constitution (physical condition of the body); constitution (act, or process of setting something up)
godmiljaar	i		damnit!
onuitputtelijk	a		inexhaustible
salaai	i		A greeting used during carnaval
opiumpijp	n	de · mv. opiumpijpen	opium pipe
bosjavaan	n	de · mv. bosjavanen	an Amerindian Surinamese person
socialemedia-account	n	het · mv. socialemedia-accounts	social media account
kleurig	a		colorful
stranddag	n	de · mv. stranddagen	beach day
formatiepoging	n	de · mv. formatiepogingen	government formation attempt
anti-islam	a		anti-Islamic
oppositiepartij	n	de · mv. oppositiepartijen	opposition party
animeermeisje	n	het · mv. animeermeisjes	A woman who entertains guests at a night club
reanimeren	v	reanimeerde – gereanimeerd	to resuscitate
peeskamer	n	de · mv. peeskamers	The room in which a prostitute services their clients
straatmadelief	n	het · mv. straatmadelieven	female streetwalker
kiesmens	n	de · mv. kiesmensen	elector, member of an electoral college, e.g. in US presidential elections…
informatiekantoor	n	het · mv. informatiekantoren	information centre
rancuneus	a		rancorous
wrokkig	a		rancorous, resentful, grudgeful
koffiekop	n	de · mv. koffiekoppen	coffee cup
Korstanje	m		a surname
herbebossing	n	de · mv. herbebossingen	reforestation
bevrijdingszet	n	de · mv. bevrijdingszetten	freeing move (move that undoes restrictions on a player's space)
loperoffer	n	het · mv. loperoffers	a bishop sacrifice
dameoffer	n	het · mv. dameoffers	a queen sacrifice; an ultimate sacrifice (an offer for a comprise in which the petitioner…
schijnoffer	n	het · mv. schijnoffers	a sham sacrifice; a false or apparent sacrifice (act of sacrificial offering where a…; a fake sacrifice (unreal act of surrendering something valuable)
zetdwang	n	de	zugzwang (situation in which a disadvantageous move is forced)
ziekteverlof	n	het · mv. ziekteverloven	sick leave (paid absence from work specifically to recover from illness)
woningbouwvereniging	n	de · mv. woningbouwverenigingen	housing association (organisation that builds and maintains social housing)
traplopen	v	liep trap – trapgelopen	to climb or go down stairs
tegemoetzien	v	zag tegemoet – tegemoetgezien	to expect, await
witveldig	a		located on a white square (chiefly of bishops)
zwartveldig	a		located on a black square (chiefly of bishops)
eindtoets	n	de · mv. eindtoetsen	final exam (usually in primary school)
Roer	m		Roer, Rur; a river originating in Belgium, flowing through Germany to the…
openingszin	n	de · mv. openingszinnen	first sentence (of a conversation or text); opener; pick-up line
trouwdatum	n	de · mv. trouwdata	date of marriage
poeri	n	de · mv. poeri's	palace or residence of an Indonesian native ruler
plaskruis	n	het · mv. plaskruizen	A type of cross-shaped and generally portable quadruple pissoir
distantiëren	v	distantieerde – gedistantieerd	to distance; to distance oneself
adaptatie	n	de · mv. adaptaties	adaptation
slaapapneu	n	de	sleep apnea
bhaiwa	n	de · mv. bhaiwa's	brother, bro, friend (specifically when referring to someone of…
baala	n	de · mv. baala's	brother, bro, friend (specifically when referring to someone of Maroon…
ongeslagen	a		unbeaten, undefeated
onverslagen	a		unbeaten, undefeated
gemeentepils	n	de/het	synonym of kraanwater (“tap water”)
bosrank	n	de · mv. bosranken	traveller's joy, old man's beard (Clematis vitalba)
kaderlid	n	het · mv. kaderleden	synonym of kader (“cadre, core member of political organization”)
x-as	n	de · mv. x-assen	x-axis
z-as	n	de · mv. z-assen	z-axis
voorlicht	n	het · mv. voorlichten	headlight, headlamp
achterlicht	n	het · mv. achterlichten	taillight, rear light
binnenrennen	v	rende binnen – binnengerend	to run into a place, to enter by running
huwelijkscadeau	n	het · mv. huwelijkscadeaus	wedding gift
cadeauwinkel	n	de · mv. cadeauwinkels	gift shop
hersenvliesontsteking	n	de · mv. hersenvliesontstekingen	meningitis
wetenschappelijkheid	n	de	scientificity
halfvol	a		half full; semi-skimmed, low-fat
halfleeg	a		half empty
halfgevuld	a		half-filled
kontloos	a		assless
roetsjbaan	n	de · mv. roetsjbanen	slide; rollercoaster
legendair	a		legendary
literatuurwetenschap	n	de · mv. literatuurwetenschappen	literary science, literary studies
literatuurwetenschapper	n	de · mv. literatuurwetenschappers	literary scholar
bijdetijds	a		in fashion, in line with current tastes
coronageval	n	het · mv. coronagevallen	a case of COVID-19, someone who has been infected with the coronavirus
veelvormig	a		pluriform, polymorphous, protean
veelvormigheid	n	de	pluriformity
pluriformiteit	n	de	pluriformity
doemscenario	n	het · mv. doemscenario's	worst-case scenario
menigeen	r		many people
vanachter	p		from behind
vanachter	d		at the back
opsteekt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opsteken
wegglijden	v	gleed weg – weggegleden	to slip away
babyboomgeneratie	n	de · mv. babyboomgeneraties	baby boomers
Wereldgezondheidsorganisatie	n	de	World Health Organization
onbeheersbaar	a		uncontrollable
doorstijgen	v	steeg door – doorgestegen	to keep growing
afvlakt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afvlakken
tegengeluid	n	het · mv. tegengeluiden	counternarrative
wijkbewoner	n	de · mv. wijkbewoners	neighbourhood resident
leeftijdsverschil	n	het · mv. leeftijdsverschillen	age gap, age difference
gelijkluidend	a		homophonous; homophonic, unisonous; concurrent (agreeing in the same opinion), uniform
vakblad	n	het · mv. vakbladen	trade magazine
Rotterdamse	n	de · mv. Rotterdamsen	female Rotterdammer; a woman from Rotterdam
Rotterdams	a		from Rotterdam, relating to that Dutch city
MRI-scan	n	de · mv. MRI-scans	MRI scan
hersenvolume	n	het · mv. hersenvolumen	brain volume
ouderengeneeskunde	n	de	geriatric medicine
risicofactor	n	de · mv. risicofactoren	risk factor
denkvermogen	n	het · mv. denkvermogens	mind, intellect, thinking ability
langlopend	a		long-term
randomiseren	v	randomiseerde – gerandomiseerd	to randomise
vijftiger	n	de · mv. vijftigers	a fiftysomething (person between 50 and 59 years old)
misvatting	n	de · mv. misvattingen	misunderstanding, fallacy
absenteïsme	n	het	absenteeism
milieuonvriendelijk	a		polluting, harmful to the environment, not environmentally friendly
spoorbaan	n	de · mv. spoorbanen	railway track
remspoor	n	het · mv. remsporen	skid mark (mark left on a road by skidding tyres); skid mark (feces stain in underpants or toilet bowl)
kwintessens	n	de	quintessence
ezelinnenmelk	n	de	donkey's milk
snijder	n	de · mv. snijders	cutter (someone or something that cuts)
hardloopwedstrijd	n	de · mv. hardloopwedstrijden	footrace
maatjesharing	n	de · mv. maatjesharingen	Herring caught during late spring and early summer, having had time to…
paaien	v	paaide – gepaaid	to spawn; to sweet-talk, coax, placate
geslachtskenmerk	n	het · mv. geslachtskenmerken	sex characteristic
esthetiek	n	de · mv. esthetieken	synonym of esthetica (“aesthetic(s)”)
esthetiek	a		synonym of esthetisch (“aesthetic”)
kettinghor	n	de · mv. kettinghorren	A type of sieve involving a chain; A ballast cleaner or undercutter; a type of large machine involving steel…
hormachine	n	de · mv. hormachines	A machine used to sieve, particularly a ballast cleaner used in rail…
bijbal	n	de · mv. bijballen	epididymis
optelsom	n	de · mv. optelsommen	total sum, aggregation
nutriënt	n	de/het · mv. nutriënten	nutrient
amortisatie	n	de · mv. amortisaties	amortization (the reduction of loan principal over a series of payments); amortization (the process of distributing asset cost)
amortiseren	v	amortiseerde – geamortiseerd	to amortize (to alienate property in mortmain); to amortize (to wipe out a debt or similar gradually or in installments)
amortiseerbaar	a		amortizable, capable of being amortized
tv-kijken	v	keek tv- – tv-gekeken	to watch television
feestjurk	n	de · mv. feestjurken	party dress, evening dress
thuisblijven	v	bleef thuis – thuisgebleven	to stay at home
rondkijken	v	keek rond – rondgekeken	to look around
Schepper	m		the Creator, God
thuisblijft	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of thuisblijven
Voedingscentrum	m		Voedingscentrum, or Dutch Nutrition Centre, a semi-governmental agency that…
onbewerkt	a		unprocessed
publieksvoorlichting	n	de · mv. publieksvoorlichtingen	public information, public awareness
ondervoeding	n	de · mv. ondervoedingen	malnutrition
Amazonegebied	n	het	Amazonia, Amazon river bassin
braadvet	n	het · mv. braadvetten	roasting fat; fat used to roast in
knijpfles	n	de · mv. knijpflessen	squeeze bottle
spijswet	n	de · mv. spijswetten	dietary law
culinair	a		culinary
voedingspatroon	n	het · mv. voedingspatronen	diet, nutritional pattern
limiteren	v	limiteerde – gelimiteerd	to limite
inplannen	v	plande in – ingepland	to schedule
fastfoodketen	n	de · mv. fastfoodketens	fast-food chain
veryuppen	v		To yuppify; to be increasingly characterized or dominated by yuppies and…
veryupping	n	de	yuppification
kakistocratie	n	de · mv. kakistocratieën	kakistocracy
Snijder	m		a surname originating as an occupation
Moffrika	m		Germany
Moffrikaans	a		German, krautish
Moffrikaan	n	de · mv. Moffrikanen	A German
extraheren	v		To extract
afrader	n	de · mv. afraders	something that is discouraged or against which one is warned; an…
extractie	n	de · mv. extracties	chemical extraction; extraction of a tooth from its socket
zeespiegelstijging	n	de · mv. zeespiegelstijgingen	sea level rise
inkeping	n	de · mv. inkepingen	A notch; a carved mark
struikeik	n	de · mv. struikeiken	Any oak that grows as a shrub; a scrub oak
missaal	n	het · mv. missalen	missal
misboek	n	het · mv. misboeks	missal
parasolden	n	de · mv. parasoldennen	stone pine (Pinus pinea)
buikslaper	n	de · mv. buikslapers	A person who habitually sleeps on their stomach
rugslaper	n	de · mv. rugslapers	A person who habitually sleeps on their back
zijslaper	n	de · mv. zijslapers	side sleeper (a person who habitually sleeps on their side)
sporkehout	n	het	alder buckthorn (Frangula alnus)
bijsturen	v	stuurde bij – bijgestuurd	to adjust, to rectify
waaierduif	n	de · mv. waaierduiven	Victoria crowned pigeon (Goura victoria)
kroonduif	n	de · mv. kroonduiven	crowned pigeon (any bird of genus Goura); western crowned pigeon (Goura cristata)
beemdkroon	n	de	field scabious (Knautia arvensis)
backpacken	v	backpackte – gebackpackt	to backpack
hotelmanager	n	de · mv. hotelmanagers	a hotel manager
ribbel	n	de · mv. ribbels	long protuberance, ridge, rib, ripple, a protuberance in a corrugated pattern
instrueren	v	instrueerde – geïnstrueerd	to instruct
inventarisatie	n	de · mv. inventarisaties	inventory (process of making an inventory list)
kweekvlees	n	het	cultured meat, clean meat
bukshout	n	het	boxwood
labvlees	n	het	synonym of kweekvlees (“cultured meat”)
ondermaats	a		undersized; substandard (not meeting expectations)
benedenmaats	a		synonym of ondermaats
bovenmaats	a		oversized; superstandard (exceeding expectations)
overmaats	a		oversized
wegbezuinigen	v	bezuinigde weg – wegbezuinigd	To remove through budget cuts
helleveeg	n	de · mv. hellevegen	contemptible woman; hag, bitch
labaria	n	de · mv. labaria's	synonym of gewone lanspuntslang (“common lancehead, Bothrops atrox”)
demarreren	v	demarreerde – gedemarreerd	to sprint away from the other competitors in a race; to start (of a vehicle)
demarrage	n	de · mv. demarrages	a sudden sprint away from the other competitors, breakaway
noviteit	n	de · mv. noviteiten	novelty, innovation
responsief	a		responsive
hoerenjong	n	de · mv. hoerenjongen	son of a whore
laagte	n	de · mv. laagten	a depression or hollow in a surface, particularly a landscape; lowness
nevenvorm	n	de · mv. nevenvormen	byform
reproductie	n	de · mv. reproducties	reproduction (act or process of reproducing); reproduction (copy, duplicate)
reproduceren	v	reproduceerde – gereproduceerd	to reproduce
reproduceerbaar	a		reproducible
reproduceerbaarheid	n	de	reproducibility
vruchtgebruik	n	het	usufruct
genoegdoening	n	de · mv. genoegdoeningen	compensation, reparation, amends
declaratie	n	de · mv. declaraties	declaration (written or oral indication of a fact, opinion, intention,…; declaration (list of items for various legal purposes)
declarabel	a		declarable (able to be declared)
declaratoir	n	het · mv. declaratoirs	declaration
declaratoir	a		declaratory
declaratief	a		declarative, declaratory
jovialiteit	n	de · mv. jovialiteiten	joviality
zintuiglijkheid	n	de	sensoriness
oertijd	n	de · mv. oertijden	primeval times, prehistory
coltrui	n	de · mv. coltruien	turtleneck sweater
Nelleke	m		a female given name
dichthouden	v	hield dicht – dichtgehouden	to keep shut
forfaitair	a		due as a fixed amount or at a flat rate
geothermisch	a		geothermal, geothermic
articuleren	v	articuleerde – gearticuleerd	to articulate, enunciate (speak clearly); to articulate (attack a note); to articulate (form a joint or connect by joints)
boegroe	n	de · mv. boegroe's	a bead inserted permanently under the skin of the penis, supposedly in order…
ondergemiddeld	a		below average
boekverbranding	n	de · mv. boekverbrandingen	book burning
jutten	v	jutte – gejut	to beachcomb
strandjutten	v	strandjutte – gestrandjut	to beachcomb
ongeduldigheid	n	de	impatience
geduldigheid	n	de	patience
versmaden	v	versmaadde – versmaad	to spurn, pass over, disregard
smiechterig	a		sneakish, rattish, dastardly
bootongeluk	n	het · mv. bootongelukken	boat accident
nachtleven	n	het	nightlife
reclamespot	n	de · mv. reclamespots	commercial (advertisement)
schoolfeest	n	het · mv. schoolfeesten	prom, school party
toverschool	n	de · mv. toverscholen	school of magic
wegstappen	v	stapte weg – weggestapt	to step away, to walk away; to step down, to move away (gradually reduce something)
wellusteling	n	de · mv. wellustelingen	one who chases pleasure or lust; hedonist, sybarite
klederdracht	n	de · mv. klederdrachten	folk costume, traditional clothing
reinheid	n	de	purity, cleanliness
kapitaalkrachtig	a		well-funded, wealthy
onpartijdigheid	n	de	impartiality
partijdigheid	n	de	partiality
openhartig	a		frank, unreserved, honest
openhartigheid	n	de	frankness
partituur	n	de · mv. partituren	sheet music
cohesie	n	de	cohesion (state of cohering or working together); cohesion (intermolecular forces of mutual attraction); cohesion (relatedness between parts of a text)
coherentie	n	de	coherence
incoherentie	n	de	incoherence
Jodenrein	a		judenrein
articulatie	n	de · mv. articulaties	articulation (quality, clarity or sharpness of speech); articulation (manner in which a note is attacked); articulation (joint or the collection of joints at which something is…
articulatorisch	a		articulatory (of or pertaining to articulation)
alleengaand	a		single, not in a relationship
blauwbekken	v	blauwbekte – geblauwbekt	to freeze, become stiff with cold
migratieachtergrond	n	de · mv. migratieachtergronden	migrant background, migration background
waardeketen	n	de · mv. waardeketens	value chain
bevoorrading	n	de · mv. bevoorradingen	provision, supply
bevoorradingsketen	n	de · mv. bevoorradingsketens	supply chain
huldiging	n	de · mv. huldigingen	The act of honoring or paying homage, particularly in the form of a ceremony
mooiboy	n	de · mv. mooiboys	attractive male; (chiefly Suriname) Casanova, lady-killer; (chiefly…
misthoorn	n	de · mv. misthoorns	foghorn
naamgeving	n	de · mv. naamgevingen	naming, nomenclature
spaghetticode	n	de	spaghetti code (bad, disorganized source code)
onderdanigheid	n	de	submissiveness
ginnegappen	v	ginnegapte – geginnegapt	to laugh and giggle; to mock and flout
vermurwbaar	a		mollifiable
onvermurwbaar	a		unmollifiable
vermurwbaarheid	n	de	The capability of being softened or mollified
onvermurwbaarheid	n	de	The incapability of being softened or mollified; unwavering severity
gepastheid	n	de · mv. gepastheden	appropriateness
waanidee	n	het · mv. waanideeën	delusional idea, delusional notion
commanditair	n	de · mv. commanditairen	A silent or limited partner in a limited partnership
commanditair	a		Of or pertaining to a silent partner or limited partner in a limited partnership
zelfbewustzijn	n	het	self-awareness
rechtspersoon	n	de · mv. rechtspersonen	legal person
privaatrecht	n	het	private law
publiekrechtelijk	a		Of or pertaining to public law
privaatrechtelijk	a		Of or pertaining to private law
rechtspersoonlijk	a		Of or pertaining to legal entities
rechtspersoonlijkheid	n	de	The quality or state of being a legal entity
klonteren	v	klonterde – geklonterd	to clump (form clusters or lumps)
klontering	n	de · mv. klonteringen	clumping; the process or result of forming lumps
klonterig	a		lumpy
samenklonteren	v	klonterde samen – samengeklonterd	to clump together
veemgerecht	n	het · mv. veemgerechten	Vehm (premodern type of tribunal in Westphalia and the eastern Netherlands)
afkeren	v	keerde af – afgekeerd	to turn away
knuffelig	a		cuddly, wanting cuddles; huggable, cuddlable
doorweken	v	doorweekte – doorweekt	to soak fully, drench through and through
diffusie	n	de · mv. diffusies	diffusion
vindbaar	a		findable
perzikboom	n	de · mv. perzikbomen	peach tree
heterdaad	n	de · mv. heterdaden	A crime detected in flagrante delicto
de-installeren	v	de-installeerde – gede-installeerd	to uninstall
engerd	n	de · mv. engerds	scary person or creature
ringstaartmaki	n	de · mv. ringstaartmaki's	ring-tailed lemur (Lemur catta)
lemuur	n	de · mv. lemuren	lemur, primate of the Lemuriformes
edelvrouw	n	de · mv. edelvrouwen	noblewoman
vreetkeet	n	de · mv. vreetketen	An establishment where low-quality food (generally fast food) is served
zuipkeet	n	de · mv. zuipketen	An establishment where people go mostly just to get drunk
toetjesmaag	n	de · mv. toetjesmagen	A supposed additional stomach reserved for desserts, in which someone who…
slaperigheid	n	de	sleepiness, drowsiness
Amanoellah	m		a transliteration of the Persian male given name امانالله, Amanullah; Amanullah Khan; Afghan king, 1892–1960
keukenmeid	n	de · mv. keukenmeiden	kitchen maid
flikkerster	n	de · mv. flikkersterren	sparkler (type of firework)
sterrenflikker	n	de · mv. sterrenflikkers	sparkler (type of firework)
vuurwerkbril	n	de · mv. vuurwerkbrillen	firework goggles, safety glasses for use with fireworks
luchthuiler	n	de · mv. luchthuilers	a type of skyrocket with a loud whistle
knalerwt	n	de · mv. knalerwten	bang snap
duizendklapper	n	de · mv. duizendklappers	a firecracker roll
tienduizendklapper	n	de · mv. tienduizendklappers	a firecracker roll (often marketed as containing more firecrackers than the…
honderdduizendklapper	n	de · mv. honderdduizendklappers	a firecracker roll (often marketed as containing more firecrackers than the…
wierookvat	n	het · mv. wierookvaten	censer, thurible, incense burner
woordmerk	n	het · mv. woordmerken	wordmark
penetratie	n	de · mv. penetraties	penetration
hyperventilatie	n	de	hyperventilation
mutileren	v	mutileerde – gemutileerd	to mutilate, maim
mutilatie	n	de · mv. mutilaties	mutilation
mutilering	n	de · mv. mutileringen	synonym of mutilatie
zelfmutilatie	n	de · mv. zelfmutilaties	synonym of zelfverminking (“self-mutilation, self-harm”)
dringendheid	n	de	urgency
urgentie	n	de · mv. urgenties	urgency
schram	n	de · mv. schrammen	scrape (shallow injury left by scraping)
waarzeggen	v	waarzegde – gewaarzegd	to divine, augur, tell fortunes
verstopping	n	de · mv. verstoppingen	blockage, clog; synonym of constipatie (“constipation”)
onweerlegbaar	a		irrefutable, incontrovertible
haarstylist	n	de · mv. haarstylisten	hairstylist, hairdresser
ID-kaart	n	de · mv. ID-kaarten	ID card
ingenieurswetenschap	n	de · mv. ingenieurswetenschappen	engineering (application of science)
schooluniform	n	de/het · mv. schooluniformen	school uniform
Arjan	m		a male given name
pluizig	a		fluffy
spiering	n	de · mv. spieringen	European smelt (Osmerus eperlanus)
fertiel	a		fertile
fertiliteit	n	de	fertility
fertiliseren	v	fertiliseerde – gefertiliseerd	to fertilize
fertilisatie	n	de · mv. fertilisaties	fertilisation
veldlathyrus	n	de · mv. veldlathyrussen	vetchling, meadow vetchling (Lathyrus pratensis)
lathyrus	n	de · mv. lathyrussen	A vetchling; any plant of genus Lathyrus
getaltheorie	n	de	number theory
speltheorie	n	de	game theory
wetenschapsmuseum	n	het · mv. wetenschapsmusea	science museum
dansoptreden	n	het · mv. dansoptredens	dance performance
ongetrouw	a		synonym of ontrouw (“unfaithful”)
lacuneus	a		lacunose
directheid	n	de · mv. directheden	directness
indirectheid	n	de · mv. indirectheden	indirectness
glinsteren	v	glinsterde – geglinsterd	to glisten, shimmer
glinstering	n	de · mv. glinsteringen	glistening, shimmer
hooibaal	n	de · mv. hooibalen	haybale
intuïtief	a		intuitive
MeToo	m		MeToo (movement against sexual harassment and sexual assault)
MeToo	n	de · mv. MeToos	An instance or allegation of sexual harassment or sexual assault
sukkeldraf	n	de	jogtrot (slow gait)
verzuchten	v	verzuchtte – verzucht	To say with a sigh (of emotion, such as relief or disappointment)
instinctief	a		instinctive
instinctmatig	a		synonym of instinctief
strubbelen	v	strubbelde – gestrubbeld	to quibble, quarrel
verstrooien	v	verstrooide – verstrooid	To scatter, disperse
bronstig	a		in heat; horny
blancheren	v	blancheerde – geblancheerd	to parboil
kondig	a		known
accumuleren	v	accumuleerde – geaccumuleerd	to accumulate (heap up in a mass); to accumulate (gradually grow or increase in quantity or number)
accumulatief	a		accumulative
arbeidsintensief	a		labor-intensive, laborious
bekendmaking	n	de · mv. bekendmakingen	act of making known; announcement, disclosure
beëindiging	n	de · mv. beëindigingen	cessation, termination, ending
commanderen	v	commandeerde – gecommandeerd	to command, order
ongetemd	a		untamed
tembaar	a		tameable, domitable
bureaucratisch	a		bureaucratic
bureaucraat	n	de · mv. bureaucraten	bureaucrat
bensjen	v	bensjte – gebensjt	to bless; to bentsh (recite the Birkat Hamazon prayer)
vermaledijen	v	vermaledijde – vermaledijd	to curse, damn
maledijen	v	maledijde – gemaledijd	to curse, damn
benedijen	v	benedijde – gebenedijd	to bless
technocraat	n	de · mv. technocraten	technocrat
technocratisch	a		technocratic
ondiepte	n	de · mv. ondiepten	shallowness (quality of being shallow); shallow (shallow portion of otherwise deep body of water)
weelderig	a		luxuriant, opulent
weelderigheid	n	de · mv. weelderigheden	luxuriance, opulence
doordraaien	v	draaide door – doorgedraaid	to keep turning, keep running; of perishable products available at an auction, to be destroyed or used for…; to freak out, lose one's mind, go crazy
kapoeweri	n	de · mv. kapoeweri's	second-growth forest; thicket, shrubland, brushwood (vegetation that…
moralistisch	a		moralistic
gloren	v	gloorde – gegloord	to dawn
politievrouw	n	de · mv. politievrouwen	synonym of politieagente
onzedig	a		unchaste
doorhalen	v	haalde door – doorgehaald	to strike through; to not sleep during
gevoelloos	a		without feeling; numb; callous, insensitive
eenogig	a		one-eyed
gebrabbel	n	het	babbling (sounds produced by an infant); babble, prattle (idle talk)
meergezinswoning	n	de · mv. meergezinswoningen	A residential building built to house multiple families in separate housing…
fileren	v	fileerde – gefileerd	to fillet, debone; to examine critically
snauw	n	de · mv. snauwen	A snarl, sneer; a verbal snap or aggressive remark; snow (type of ship)
verwoestijnen	v	verwoestijnde – verwoestijnd	to desertify
verwoestijning	n	de	desertification
stormlopen	v	liep storm – stormgelopen	To assault (as during a siege); To be very successful, popular and busy
stormband	n	de · mv. stormbanden	chinstrap
slaapmuis	n	de · mv. slaapmuizen	Any rodent of the family Gliridae (the dormice)
aanpraten	v	praatte aan – aangepraat	to talk into buying; to talk into believing, to make [someone] believe
onaardig	a		unkind, mean; bad, unsatisfactory
onaardigheid	n	de · mv. onaardigheden	unkindness
aanklikken	v	klikte aan – aangeklikt	to click (with a computer mouse); to turn on with a click
wegklikken	v	klikte weg – weggeklikt	to close by clicking (with a computer mouse)
snelbinder	n	de · mv. snelbinders	bungee cord for use on a bicycle's luggage carrier
aanbraden	v	braadde aan – aangebraden	to sear, char
opmaat	n	de · mv. opmaten	anacrusis (unstressed note or notes before the first strong beat (or…; prelude
instrumentaal	a		instrumental (without vocals)
audiovisueel	a		audiovisual
dubbelzijdig	a		double-sided (using or able to be used on both sides)
euroteken	n	het · mv. eurotekens	euro sign; the symbol €
bedankje	n	het · mv. bedankjes	thank-you (expression of gratitude)
oninteressant	a		uninteresting
babyfoto	n	de · mv. babyfoto's	baby photo
eïs	n	de · mv. eïssen	E-sharp
geslachtsdeel	n	het · mv. geslachtsdelen	sexual organ
glutenvrij	a		gluten-free
gewetensonderzoek	n	het · mv. gewetensonderzoeken	examination of conscience
kringspier	n	de · mv. kringspieren	synonym of sluitspier (“sphincter”)
driewerf	d		thrice
latrelatie	n	de · mv. latrelaties	LAT relationship (intimate relationship where people reside at different…
takkeveel	t		very many, very much, a damned lot of
reteveel	t		very many, very much, a damned lot of
retecool	a		very cool
vurigheid	n	de	fieriness, ardency
dierenleven	n	het · mv. dierenlevens	an animal life
onleefbaar	a		unlivable
leefbaarheid	n	de	livability
liaan	n	de · mv. lianen	liana
renoveren	v	renoveerde – gerenoveerd	to renovate
rugbyen	v	rugbyde – gerugbyd	to play rugby
mondhoek	n	de · mv. mondhoeken	corner of the mouth
proportionaliteit	n	de	proportionality (property of being proportional)
stafrijm	n	het · mv. stafrijmen	alliteration
opvlieger	n	de · mv. opvliegers	hot flush
opvliegen	v	vloog op – opgevlogen	to take off, ascend (begin flight); to suddenly stand up
romig	a		creamy
waspompoen	n	de · mv. waspompoenen	winter melon, ash gourd (plant of genus Benincasa hispida, or its edible fruit)
koalabeer	n	de · mv. koalaberen	synonym of koala
chocoladecake	n	de · mv. chocoladecakes	chocolate cake (usually specifically a pound cake with chocolate flavour)
muizenstrontjes	n		hagelslag (small, oblong, chocolate granules, which are often sprinkled on…
bekladden	v	bekladde – beklad	to deface, besmirch, besmear
kladblok	n	het · mv. kladblokken	notepad
deflatie	n	de	deflation (erosion due to wind); deflation (decrease in general price level)
deflatoir	a		deflationary
inflatoir	a		inflationary
discriminatoir	a		discriminatory
informatief	a		informative
normatief	a		normative
normativiteit	n	de	normativity
informativiteit	n	de	informativity
verneukeren	v	verneukerde – verneukerd	synonym of verneuken (“to screw [up]”)
fluwelig	a		velvety
denigreren	v	denigreerde – gedenigreerd	to denigrate
uitsteeksel	n	het · mv. uitsteeksels	protrusion
papierwinkel	n	de · mv. papierwinkels	paper shop, stationary store (establishment that sells paper and other…; excessive paperwork (filling out forms required by bureaucratic regulations)
jaardag	n	de · mv. jaardagen	anniversary (usually of an event)
eileider	n	de · mv. eileiders	Fallopian tube
tertiaal	n	het · mv. tertialen	quadrimester (period of four months)
verkwisting	n	de	waste, squandering
vervulling	n	de	fulfilment, realization
amalgaam	n	het · mv. amalgamen	amalgam
contemplatie	n	de	contemplation
cryptografie	n	de	cryptography
dingwoord	n	het · mv. dingwoorden	synonym of zelfstandig naamwoord (“noun”)
decimaal	n	de · mv. decimalen	decimal
decimaal	a		decimal
steriliseren	v	steriliseerde – gesteriliseerd	to sterilize
knoest	n	de · mv. knoesten	gnarl, knot (hard protuberance, especially on a tree)
knoestig	a		gnarly, gnarled (having hard protuberances)
ontstentenis	n	de	unavailability, nonexistence
galappel	n	de · mv. galappels	gallnut, gallapple
bruiloftsgast	n	de · mv. bruiloftsgasten	wedding guest
presocratisch	a		pre-Socratic
socratisch	a		Socratic
huichelachtig	a		duplicitous, mealy-mouthed, sanctimonious
obscuriteit	n	de	obscurity
zichtlijn	n	de · mv. zichtlijnen	line of sight
inachtneming	n	de · mv. inachtnemingen	consideration (thought process of considering, of taking multiple or…
inachtname	n	de · mv. inachtnamen	synonym of inachtneming
doveman	n	de · mv. dovemannen	A deaf man
nontonnen	v	nontonde – genontond	to look on and/or listen in during an event, often from outside the event…
prozaïsch	a		prosaic
navelstaarderig	a		navel-gazey
navelstaarder	n	de · mv. navelstaarders	navel-gazer
navelstaren	v	navelstaarde – genavelstaard	to navel-gaze
vioolspeler	n	de · mv. vioolspelers	violinist
schuimbad	n	het · mv. schuimbaden	bubble bath (soap product); bubble bath (the bath itself)
omdenken	v	dacht om – omgedacht	to flip-think, to rethink, to look at the problem differently so that it…
personeelsuitje	n	het · mv. personeelsuitjes	staff outing
yogales	n	de · mv. yogalessen	yoga class
conjugatie	n	de · mv. conjugaties	synonym of vervoeging (“conjugation”)
eedbreuk	n	de · mv. eedbreuken	perjury, oathbreach
gebuitel	n	het	The act of tumbling or rolling one's body about
nietsdoen	n	het	idleness, faineance
inspiratiebron	n	de · mv. inspiratiebronnen	source of inspiration
tredmolen	n	de · mv. tredmolens	treadmill (both literal and figurative)
natuurwetenschapper	n	de · mv. natuurwetenschappers	natural scientist
tijdmeting	n	de · mv. tijdmetingen	time measurement
dagritme	n	het · mv. dagritmen	daily rhythm; daily routine
tijdsindeling	n	de · mv. tijdsindelingen	time division
periodisering	n	de · mv. periodiseringen	periodization
kloktijd	n	de · mv. kloktijden	clock time
arbeidstijd	n	de · mv. arbeidstijden	working time
zwaarbevochten	a		hard-won
survivaltocht	n	de · mv. survivaltochten	survival training trip
doevakantie	n	de · mv. doevakanties	active holiday
inboezemt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inboezemen
tijdbesparend	a		timesaving
rusttoestand	n	de · mv. rusttoestanden	resting state
vooropstellen	v	stelde voorop – vooropgesteld	to postulate, to presuppose
opjagen	v	joeg op – opgejaagd	to chase; to drive crazy; to hurry someone
politiek-economisch	a		political-economic
solidariteit	n	de	solidarity
onderzoekbureau	n	het · mv. onderzoekbureaus	research bureau
planbureau	n	het · mv. planbureaus	planning office
antidepressivum	n	het · mv. antidepressiva	antidepressant
schaapachtig	a		sheepish
bufferen	v	bufferde – gebufferd	to buffer
harlekijnkwartel	n	de · mv. harlekijnkwartels	harlequin quail (Coturnix delegorguei)
tijdbeleving	n	de · mv. tijdbelevingen	chronoception, time perception
onthaasting	n	de	slowing down
verlies-en-winstrekening	n	de · mv. verlies-en-winstrekeningen	income statement
tijdsdimensie	n	de · mv. tijdsdimensies	time dimension (one of the four dimensions)
kotelet	n	de · mv. koteletten	meat chop
slavink	n	de · mv. slavinken	A dish consisting of meat wrapped in bacon
peristaltisch	a		peristaltic
peristaltiek	n	de	peristalsis
pitchen	v	pitchte – gepitcht	to pitch (throw (the ball) toward a batter at home plate); to pitch (play in the position of pitcher); to pitch (promote, advertise, or attempt to sell)
monstermeisje	n	het · mv. monstermeisjes	A monstrous girl
raamprostitutie	n	de	window prostitution
prostitueren	v	prostitueerde – geprostitueerd	to prostitute
doodnormaal	a		Totally normal; not even remotely remarkable
doodvermoeiend	a		Extremely tiresome
ritselen	v	ritselde – geritseld	to rustle; to finagle
rodig	a		reddish
uitwas	n	de · mv. uitwassen	excrescence, outgrowth; excess
uitwassen	v	waste uit – uitgewassen	to remove by washing; to grow out
zompig	a		swampy, soggy
binnendringt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
cadmiumrood	n	het	cadmium red
cadmiumgroen	n	het	cadmium green
cadmiumoranje	n	het	cadmium orange
klodder	n	de · mv. klodders	A blob or splash of a thick liquid
klodderen	v	klodderde – geklodderd	To work in a careless and unprofessional manner, messing around
meerijden	v	reed mee – meegereden	to ride along, to ride a vehicle as a passenger
viridiaan	n	het	viridian
pleepapier	n	het	toilet paper
akkerdistel	n	de · mv. akkerdistels	Canada thistle, creeping thistle, corn thistle (Cirsium arvense)
begijn	n	de · mv. begijnen	Beguine
doenbaar	a		doable, practicable, feasible
drogeren	v	drogeerde – gedrogeerd	to drug
vezelrijk	a		rich in dietary fiber
eiwitrijk	a		rich in protein
erfpacht	n	de · mv. erfpachten	emphyteusis (long leasehold)
onbegrepen	a		ununderstood
onbemind	a		unloved
Maagdeneilanden	m		an archipelago of the Caribbean Sea, comprising the British Virgin Islands…
bodemvrijheid	n	de · mv. bodemvrijheden	ground clearance, ride height
owroekoekoeslang	n	de · mv. owroekoekoeslangen	synonym of gewone lanspuntslang (“common lancehead, Bothrops atrox”)
eruitziet	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of eruitzien
yoghurtijs	n	het	frozen yogurt
stretchen	v	stretchte – gestretcht	to stretch (to extend one's limbs, particularly to improve the elasticity of…
telkenmale	d		each time
telkenmale	c		whenever
afdronk	n	de · mv. afdronken	aftertaste
zwartomrand	a		with a black border
omranden	v	omrandde – omrand	to border, rim
omgorden	v	omgordde – omgord	to gird
duimspijker	n	de · mv. duimspijkers	synonym of punaise (“thumbtack”)
goeiemoggel	i		synonym of goedemorgen (“good morning”)
alomvattend	a		all-encompassing
redigeren	v	redigeerde – geredigeerd	To edit, redact
remzand	n	het	brake sand (sand used to brake rail vehicles)
expressie	n	de · mv. expressies	expression (action of expressing thoughts, ideas, feelings, etc.)
expressief	a		expressive (effectively conveying thought or feeling)
expressiviteit	n	de · mv. expressiviteiten	expressiveness
roverheid	n	de · mv. roverheden	the government (believed to be a system governed by corrupt people)
extraordinair	a		extraordinary
raveteef	n	de · mv. raveteven	A female raver
jubileumfeest	n	het · mv. jubileumfeesten	anniversary party
schoolboek	n	het · mv. schoolboeken	textbook
noordkant	n	de · mv. noordkanten	northside
zuidkant	n	de · mv. zuidkanten	southside
biomedisch	a		biomedical
bezemen	v	bezemde – gebezemd	to broom (sweep with a broom)
doorslaan	v	sloeg door – doorgeslagen	to puncture with a blow; to burn out, to blow out; to go too far
bommoeder	n	de · mv. bommoeders	synonym of bom (“single mother”)
buigbaar	a		bendable, flexible
conifeer	n	de · mv. coniferen	conifer
cryptisch	a		cryptic
diadeem	n	de/het · mv. diademen	diadem (ornamental headband worn as a badge of royalty)
owroekoekoe	n	de · mv. owroekoekoe's	synonym of uil (“owl”)
aanhaken	v	haakte aan – aangehaakt	to hook (attach a hook to); to hook (catch with a hook); to join, tag along
studieboek	n	het · mv. studieboeken	textbook (usually for university or college students)
tekstboek	n	het · mv. tekstboeken	libretto, book with song texts; textbook
fitnessapparaat	n	het · mv. fitnessapparaten	exercise machine
lichtroze	n	het · mv. lichtrozen	light pink (colour)
lichtroze	a		light pink-coloured
proefdieronderzoek	n	het · mv. proefdieronderzoeken	animal testing
oprotpremie	n	de · mv. oprotpremies	A sum of money paid as part of someone's departure or dismissal, such as…
holhoornigen	n		bovid; Bovidae
doodop	a		completely exhausted, extremely tired
ongerief	n	het	discomfort, inconvenience
vergunninghouder	n	de · mv. vergunninghouders	licensee, permit holder
signaalfunctie	n	de · mv. signaalfuncties	signal function
zelfregulatie	n	de · mv. zelfregulaties	self-regulation
hooggespannen	a		extremely high (about expectations)
proefdiervrij	a		animal testing-free, not tested on animals
plandemie	n	de · mv. plandemieën	plandemic
condensatie	n	de · mv. condensaties	condensation (conversion of gas to liquid)
frezen	v	freesde – gefreesd	to mill
hiaat	n	de/het · mv. hiaten	gap, omission; hiatus
herkenbaarheid	n	de · mv. herkenbaarheden	recognizability
knikkeren	v	knikkerde – geknikkerd	to play marbles; to knock out the way, also figuratively
luifel	n	de · mv. luifels	awning
luidens	p		synonym of volgens (“according to”)
insjallah	i		inshallah
ondergewicht	n	het · mv. ondergewichten	underweight (of an inappropriately or unusually low weight)
vierkwartsmaat	n	de · mv. vierkwartsmaten	4/4 time, common time; a measure, section, or piece in 4/4 time
tweekwartsmaat	n	de · mv. tweekwartsmaten	2/4 time; a measure, section, or piece in 2/4 time
driekwartsmaat	n	de · mv. driekwartsmaten	3/4 time; a measure, section, or piece in 3/4 time
aanstaan	v	stond aan – aangestaan	to be switched on or otherwise active; (of doors) to be open; to please, gratify
aansnijden	v	sneed aan – aangesneden	to make the first cut into; to broach (begin discussion about)
Haags	a		from The Hague
Haagse	n	de · mv. Haagsen	A woman from The Hague
weerga	n	de · mv. weerga's	reflection (someone or something with a similar role or equal status); counterpart, pendant
blocnote	n	de · mv. blocnotes	synonym of kladblok
terugwerkend	a		retroactive
lunchtijd	n	de · mv. lunchtijden	lunchtime
afzijdig	a		apart, kept to oneself
akeligheid	n	de · mv. akeligheden	nastiness, unpleasantness
zelfoverschatting	n	de	overestimation of one's own capabilities
disproportioneel	a		disproportional, unequal
disproportionaliteit	n	de	disproportionality (property of being disproportional)
rondleiden	v	leidde rond – rondgeleid	to guide, show around
gitzwart	a		jet-black
gagaat	n	de · mv. gagaten	jet (black, gemstone-like geological material)
bewijsbaar	a		provable
onbewijsbaar	a		unprovable
bewijsbaarheid	n	de	provability
onbewijsbaarheid	n	de	unprovability
onaantoonbaarheid	n	de	undemonstrability, unprovability
onaantoonbaar	a		undemonstrable, unprovable
oerend	d		very, incredibly (intensifier)
Rianne	m		a female given name
meerderheidsregering	n	het · mv. meerderheidsregeringen	majority government
appartementsgebouw	n	het · mv. appartementsgebouwen	apartment building
muiltje	n	het · mv. muiltjes	Crepidula fornicata, a type of littorinimorph mollusk
scripten	v	scriptte – gescript	to script (write a script)
claxonneren	v	claxonneerde – geclaxonneerd	to honk
hoogwater	n	het	high tide
laagwater	n	het	low tide
back-uppen	v	back-upte – geback-upt	to back up (to copy data)
schoolwerk	n	het · mv. schoolwerken	schoolwork
contactgestoord	a		reclusive, socially-awkward
terugdeinst	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of terugdeinzen
meevoelen	v	voelde mee – meegevoeld	to sympathize
begrijpbaar	a		understandable
tv-programma	n	het · mv. tv-programma's	television program
uitwissen	v	wiste uit – uitgewist	to erase, expunge
uitwisbaar	a		erasable
diminutief	n	het · mv. diminutieven	synonym of verkleinwoord (“diminutive”)
diminutief	a		diminutival, diminutive
Sjors	m		a male given name
dodendans	n	de · mv. dodendansen	danse macabre
gloeiheet	a		glowing hot
erfdeel	n	het · mv. erfdelen	heritage, patrimony; inheritance
West-Afrika	m		West Africa (a geographic region comprising the western portion of Africa,…
grietman	n	de · mv. grietmannen	A type of judge and district governor in medieval and early modern Friesland
vervenen	v	verveende – verveend	to extract peat from a peat bog
vervening	n	de · mv. verveningen	the extraction of peat; a place where peat is or has been extracted
veender	n	de · mv. veenders	One who extracts peat for a living
veenderij	n	de · mv. veenderijen	a place where peat is extracted; the act or business of extracting peat
verveningspolder	n	de · mv. verveningspolders	A polder reclaimed from a manmade body of water that formed due to the…
derdenwerking	n	de	Legal involvement or implication of a third party
tachtigste	a		eightieth
natekenen	v	tekende na – nagetekend	to draw in imitation, to copy by drawing
miljoenste	a		millionth
miljardste	a		billionth
biljoenste	a		trillionth
biljardste	a		quadrillionth
Aesacus	m		Aesacus (son of Priam who mourned Cebren’s daughter)
mensenrechten	n		human rights
Antilliaan	n	de · mv. Antillianen	Antillean
Antillen	m		Antilles
Oostenrijks	a		Austrian
etser	n	de · mv. etsers	etcher (person who etches)
vorstgrens	n	de · mv. vorstgrenzen	frost line (depth to which water in soil freezes in winter)
koevogel	n	de · mv. koevogels	cowbird (bird of genus Molothrus)
nachtpauwoog	n	de · mv. nachtpauwogen	small emperor moth (Saturnia pavonia); emperor moth (any saturniid moth)
veramerikaansen	v	veramerikaanste – veramerikaanst	to Americanise
Amerikaansheid	n	de	Americanness
verduitsen	v	verduitste – verduitst	to Germanize
verspaansen	v	verspaanste – verspaanst	to Hispanicize
verspaansing	n	de	Hispanicization
verpoolsen	v	verpoolste – verpoolst	to Polonize
verpoolsing	n	de	Polonization
verdeensen	v	verdeenste – verdeenst	to Danicize
verdeensing	n	de	Danicization
vernoorsen	v	vernoorste – vernoorst	to Norwegianize
vernoorsing	n	de	Norwegianization
verzweedsen	v	verzweedste – verzweedst	to Swedishize
verzweedsing	n	de	Swedishization
verhollandsen	v	verhollandste – verhollandst	to Hollandize (make or become more Hollandic)
verhollandsing	n	de	Hollandization
onhollands	a		Not from or pertaining to Holland, or perceived to be atypical of that region
Hollandsheid	n	de	The quality or state of being Hollandic
Vlooienburg	m		A former man-made island in the Amstel river and former neighborhood in…
aggregatie	n	de · mv. aggregaties	aggregation
aggregeren	v	aggregeerde – geaggregeerd	to aggregate
invoegstrook	n	de · mv. invoegstroken	acceleration lane
weefster	n	de · mv. weefsters	female weaver
mapangpang	n	de · mv. mapangpangs	asshole, motherfucker
mapangpang	a		An expletive generally used in attributive position; fucking, shit, damn
bovenuit	p		above, surpassing
Veers	a		of or pertaining to Veere (a town in Zeeland, The Netherlands)
onderop	d		at the bottom (of a pile or stack)
onderbeen	n	het · mv. onderbenen	lower leg, shank
bovenbeen	n	het · mv. bovenbenen	thigh, upper leg
onderkotsen	v	kotste onder – ondergekotst	to vomit all over
onderplassen	v	plaste onder – ondergeplast	to urinate all over
onderpissen	v	piste onder – ondergepist	to piss all over
onderschijten	v	scheet onder – ondergescheten	to shit all over
onderkakken	v	kakte onder – ondergekakt	to shit all over
binnenin	d		within, on the inside
binnenin	p		within
onderpoepen	v	poepte onder – ondergepoept	to defecate all over
onderspuiten	v	spoot onder – ondergespoten	to spout all over, to cover by spouting
onderbinden	v	bond onder – ondergebonden	to fasten under one's feet (especially of (ice) skates); to fasten under the feet of
discuswerper	n	de · mv. discuswerpers	discus thrower; discobolus, discus thrower
bepoederen	v	bepoederde – bepoederd	to bepowder
ontsporing	n	de · mv. ontsporingen	derailment
zelfverwonding	n	de · mv. zelfverwondingen	self-harm
stressstoornis	n	de · mv. stressstoornissen	stress disorder
leefomgeving	n	de · mv. leefomgevingen	habitat
induwen	v	duwde in – ingeduwd	to push in
goochelshow	n	de · mv. goochelshows	magic show
rugprobleem	n	het · mv. rugproblemen	back problem
predatie	n	de · mv. predaties	predation
kakstoel	n	de · mv. kakstoelen	A children's chair with a built-in chamber pot
noodkreet	n	de · mv. noodkreten	cry for help
tyfuslijder	n	de · mv. tyfuslijders	typhus sufferer
binnenvetter	n	de · mv. binnenvetters	introvert person
edelstaal	n	het · mv. edelstalen	stainless steel
heropvoedingskamp	n	het · mv. heropvoedingskampen	reeducation camp
heropvoeding	n	de · mv. heropvoedingen	reeducation
dichtnaaien	v	naaide dicht – dichtgenaaid	to sow shut
bijscholen	v	scholde bij – bijgeschold	to train more, retrain
orthoklaas	n	de · mv. orthoklazen	orthoclase
zelfdoding	n	de · mv. zelfdodingen	suicide
politioneel	a		of or pertaining to police
incapabel	a		incapable
afgifte	n	de · mv. afgiften	delivery
zijwand	n	de · mv. zijwanden	sidewall
ledigheid	n	de	idleness
landerij	n	de · mv. landerijen	farmland
zweetlucht	n	de · mv. zweetluchten	smell of sweat, body odour
mankracht	n	de · mv. mankrachten	manpower
vernederlandsing	n	de · mv. vernederlandsingen	Dutchification; the act or process of making something more Dutch; Dutch translation
flitshandel	n	de	high-frequency trading
afbrokkeling	n	de · mv. afbrokkelingen	erosion, crumbling
werving	n	de · mv. wervingen	recruitment
babydier	n	het · mv. babydieren	baby animal
Montenegrijn	n	de · mv. Montenegrijnen	Montenegrin (person from Montenegro)
supergoed	a		very good
tweeledig	a		dual, twofold, having two parts
juicekanaal	n	het · mv. juicekanalen	special channel on social media, often on Instagram or YouTube, on which…
aanvoelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of aanvoelen
karaktereigenschap	n	de · mv. karaktereigenschappen	character trait, personality trait
waarborgsom	n	de · mv. waarborgsommen	security deposit
tropenrooster	n	het · mv. tropenroosters	A shortened timetable (e.g. at a school) during the summer months…
uitkafferen	v	kafferde uit – uitgekafferd	to reprimand harshly, lay into
kafferen	v	kafferde – gekafferd	to scold, curse
afkafferen	v	kafferde af – afgekafferd	synonym of uitkafferen (“to reprimand harshly”)
petrolblauw	n	het	the colour petrol blue
petrolblauw	a		petrol blue-coloured
mysterieroman	n	de · mv. mysterieromans	mystery novel
Heraclied	n	de · mv. Heraclieden	a supporter of Heracles Almelo
lusteloosheid	n	de	listlessness, lethargy, lassitude, ennui
aandrijving	n	de · mv. aandrijvingen	propulsion
gekwaak	n	het	quacking (of ducks); croaking (of frogs)
fruitboom	n	de · mv. fruitbomen	fruit tree
doding	n	de · mv. dodingen	killing
coproductie	n	de · mv. coproducties	coproduction
braakliggend	a		fallow
binnenlaten	v	liet binnen – binnengelaten	to let someone inside
beroepsgeheim	n	het · mv. beroepsgeheimen	professional secrecy; a secret pertaining to one's profession
benoeming	n	de · mv. benoemingen	appointment (act of appointing someone to a position)
beestachtig	a		bestial, beastly
belastingvrij	a		tax-free, duty-free
autocratisch	a		autocratic
volkspartij	n	de · mv. volkspartijen	people's party
ongelovigheid	n	de	irreligiosity
onhaalbaar	a		unattainable, impossible, unachievable
enzoverder	d		and so forth, and so on, et cetera
buitensporigheid	n	de · mv. buitensporigheden	excessiveness; an excess
transmissie	n	de · mv. transmissies	transmission
impotentie	n	de	impotence (lack of force or vigor); impotence (sexual incapability)
intuinen	v	tuinde in – ingetuind	to fall for, to be fooled by (a joke, prank, scam etc.)
intuinzin	n	de · mv. intuinzinnen	garden path sentence
Mexico-Stad	m		Mexico City (the capital city of Mexico)
geanimeerd	a		animated
marathonloper	n	de · mv. marathonlopers	marathoner, marathon runner
medebewoner	n	de · mv. medebewoners	cohabitant
productielijn	n	de · mv. productielijnen	production line
aanbeveelbaar	a		recommendable
aanbidbaar	a		worshipable, worthy of veneration
aanbiedbaar	a		available, available to be offered
aanbouwbaar	a		attachable, possible to be build next to or on
aanduidbaar	a		indicatable, demonstrable
tyfuslijer	n	de · mv. tyfuslijers	motherfucker
aangrijpbaar	a		graspable
aanhangbaar	a		hangable, attachable, capable of being hung at
zijl	n	de · mv. zijlen	synonym of spuisluis (“drainage sluice”)
boterachtig	a		buttery
vredevol	a		peaceful
verkazen	v	verkaasde – verkaasd	To make into cheese; To caseate; To become more Dutch
opschrokken	v	schrokte op – opgeschrokt	to devour, wolf down
schrokop	n	de · mv. schrokoppen	glutton
heethoofd	n	de · mv. heethoofden	hothead (person who is easily angered)
Brammetje	m		a diminutive of the male given name Bram, from Hebrew
Jantje	m		a diminutive of the male given names Jan and Johannes; a diminutive of the female given name Johanna
overgeefsel	n	het	vomit
regenboogforel	n	de · mv. regenboogforellen	rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss)
voetbalteam	n	het · mv. voetbalteams	soccer team
synesthesie	n	de	synaesthesia (perceptual phenomenon); synaesthesia (rhetorical device)
vermenging	n	de · mv. vermengingen	blending, mixing, amalgamation
zwartgrijs	a		black gray
roestbruin	a		rust brown
broodmachine	n	de · mv. broodmachines	bread maker, bread machine
koffiemachine	n	de · mv. koffiemachines	coffeemaker
hautainst	a		superlative degree predicative/adverbial of hautain
hersengebied	n	het · mv. hersengebieden	brain area
daaropvolgend	a		subsequent
steenrood	a		brick red
steenrood	n	het · mv. steenroden	the color brick red
neurowetenschapper	n	de · mv. neurowetenschappers	neuroscientist
linkshandige	n	de · mv. linkshandigen	left-hander
creatieveling	n	de · mv. creatievelingen	creative person
geslachtsteleurstelling	n	de · mv. geslachtsteleurstellingen	disappointment in the sex of one's child (particularly one who is still…
hoefblad	n	het	Any of various plants of the tribe Senecioneae, particularly of the genera…
rechtshandige	n	de · mv. rechtshandigen	right-hander
Kaapverdiaans	a		synonym of Kaapverdisch (“Cape Verdean”)
wreedaard	n	de · mv. wreedaards	cruel person, sadist
veraarden	v	veraardde – veraard	To change one's nature; To turn into soil; become soil-like
kwee	n	de · mv. kweeën	quince (Cydonia oblonga, plant or fruit); Indonesian cake or pastry
ongekookt	a		uncooked, unboiled, raw
vormgeven	v	gaf vorm – vormgegeven	To give shape or form; to design
kruim	n	de · mv. kruimen	crumb
sierteelt	n	de	floriculture
significantie	n	de · mv. significanties	significance
insignificantie	n	de	insignificance
loketbediende	n	de · mv. loketbedienden	a counter clerk
rationaal	a		rational (pertaining to ratios, fractional)
gegil	n	het	screaming, yelling
stelpen	v	stelpte – gestelpt	to stanch
schuldenrem	n	de · mv. schuldenremmen	debt brake, balanced budget (measures enacted to prevent the growth of…
hellingproef	n	de · mv. hellingproeven	A standard element of driving license exams, in which the examinee needs to…; inclining test (test performed on a ship)
speelgoedauto	n	de · mv. speelgoedauto's	toy car
perzikpit	n	de · mv. perzikpitten	a peach pit
tafelgenoot	n	de · mv. tafelgenoten	commensal, table companion
getik	n	het	tick (ticking sound)
omverschoppen	v	schopte omver – omvergeschopt	to kick over
stageplaats	n	de · mv. stageplaatsen	internship placement
harpij-arend	n	de · mv. harpij-arenden	harpy eagle (Harpia harpyja)
dwijnen	v	dween – gedwenen	to dwindle, to decline in number or size; to decrease; to disappear
hyperactief	a		hyperactive
onbetamelijk	a		unbecoming, unseemly, untoward, indecent
verdorven	a		corrupt, spoiled, decadent
Sloveense	n	de · mv. Sloveensen	a Slovenian woman
Slettenhaar	m		a surname
dunnetjes	d		thinly; mediocrely
evenzoveel	t		synonym of evenveel
evenzoveel	r		synonym of evenveel
evenveelste	a		of the same number
evenzoveelste	a		synonym of evenveelste
tigste	a		synonym of zoveelste
evenveeltje	n	het · mv. evenveeltjes	a baked good in which all ingredients are used in equal amounts
Oostenrijkse	n	de · mv. Oostenrijksen	an Austrian woman
dunschiller	n	de · mv. dunschillers	peeler (household utensil for peeling fruit or vegetables)
slijpsteen	n	de · mv. slijpstenen	whetstone (sharpening stone, used to sharpen or hone an edged tool); grindstone (abrasive wheel for sharpening, polishing or grinding)
liëren	v	lieerde – gelieerd	to link, associate
alliëren	v	allieerde – geallieerd	to ally
asymmetrie	n	de · mv. asymmetrieën	asymmetry
filmkanaal	n	het · mv. filmkanalen	movie channel
achterhoek	n	de · mv. achterhoeken	back corner
bakfietsvader	n	de · mv. bakfietsvaders	a father who transports his children by cargo bike; in particular, a…
bakfietsouder	n	de · mv. bakfietsouders	a parent who transports their children by cargo bike; in particular, a…
boogminuut	n	de · mv. boogminuten	minute of angle, arcminute (unit of angle)
boogseconde	n	de · mv. boogseconden	second of arc, arcsecond (unit of angle)
dwepen	v	dweepte – gedweept	to gush, be overly infatuated or enamored
ketoembar	n	de	ground coriander seeds
navraag	n	de · mv. navragen	inquiry
justitieel	a		judicial
mwôh	i		meh
doodlachen	v	lachte dood – doodgelacht	to laugh one's head off, die laughing
kapotlachen	v	lachte kapot – kapotgelacht	to laugh one's head off, die laughing
bekleven	v	bekleefde – bekleefd	to beglue, stick with glue
kruisverhoor	n	het · mv. kruisverhoren	cross-examination
Tjeerd	m		a male given name from West Frisian
koningskaars	n	de · mv. koningskaarsen	common mullein, great mullein (Verbascum thapsus)
airfryen	v	airfryde – geairfryd	to air-fry (cook with an air fryer)
antigif	n	het · mv. antigiffen	synonym of tegengif (“antidote”)
moordstrook	n	de · mv. moordstroken	a bike lane that is not separated from car traffic and leaves cyclists…
aspartaam	n	de/het	aspartame
beraadzaam	a		deliberative, reasoned
adonisch	a		Adonic ((of a man) very beautiful or handsome; physically perfect)
adoniscomplex	n	het · mv. adoniscomplexen	dysmorphia, especially muscle dysmorphia
adoniseren	v	adoniseerde – geadoniseerd	to adonise; to adonise oneself
okshoofd	n	het · mv. okshoofden	hogshead (measure of volume)
gemaskerd	a		masked
skimasker	n	het · mv. skimaskers	ski mask
opmerkzaam	a		attentive, mindful; perceptive, observant
pelorisch	a		peloric
rondslenteren	v	slenterde rond – rondgeslenterd	to stroll, to wander around
examencijfer	n	het · mv. examencijfers	exam grade
ruziemaken	v	maakte ruzie – ruziegemaakt	to quarrel
onbeveiligd	a		not protected or secured; insecure
computeringenieur	n	de · mv. computeringenieurs	computer engineer
juwelierszaak	n	de · mv. juwelierszaken	a jeweller's, a jewellery shop
broodjeszaak	n	de · mv. broodjeszaken	sandwich shop
gelaatkunde	n	de	physiognomy
wereldreis	n	de · mv. wereldreizen	world trip, round-the-world trip
wiskundeknobbel	n	de · mv. wiskundeknobbels	an aptitude for mathematics, mathematical talent
criminoloog	n	de · mv. criminologen	criminologist
zwakbegaafdheid	n	de	mental retardation
zwakbegaafd	a		mentally handicapped
typering	n	de · mv. typeringen	characterization, typification
bankrover	n	de · mv. bankrovers	bank robber
meetmethode	n	de · mv. meetmethodes	measuring method
vijftienduizend	u		fifteen thousand
drugsverkoop	n	de · mv. drugsverkopen	drug sales
onenightstand	n	de · mv. onenightstands	one-night stand (sexual encounter); one-night stand (either of the two partners in a single sexual encounter)
intelligentieniveau	n	het · mv. intelligentieniveaus	intelligence level; level of intelligence
IQ-score	n	de · mv. IQ-scores	IQ score
extraversie	n	de	extroversion
kienen	v	kiende – gekiend	to play kienen, a variant of bingo
kienspel	n	het · mv. kienspellen	A variant of bingo
uitkienen	v	kiende uit – uitgekiend	To handle or research some issue with thoroughness
lemmatiseren	v	lemmatiseerde – gelemmatiseerd	to lemmatize
introversie	n	de	introversion
touteren	v	touterde – getouterd	to tremble, shiver, quiver; to shake
chocoladetaart	n	de · mv. chocoladetaarten	chocolate cake
afvalophaling	n	de · mv. afvalophalingen	garbage collection
opfucken	v	fuckte op – opgefuckt	to fuck up
ophaling	n	de · mv. ophalingen	collection, gathering (act or process of collecting or gathering); raising, hauling up (act or process of physically raising or hauling…
oorijzer	n	het · mv. oorijzers	A type of metal headgear that is part of some Dutch regions' folk costume…
statiegeldblik	n	het · mv. statiegeldblikken	A can with a deposit (for the purposes of recycling)
uitschudden	v	schudde uit – uitgeschud	to shake out (to shake something in order to empty it); to shake out (to remove something by shaking it)
souterlied	n	het · mv. souterliederen	A psalm set to music, particularly in reference to the sixteenth-century…
apegapen	v		only used in op apegapen liggen
basiskennis	n	de	basic knowledge
gezondheidsprobleem	n	het · mv. gezondheidsproblemen	health problem
picknicktafel	n	de · mv. picknicktafels	picnic table
ingesteldheid	n	de · mv. ingesteldheiden	mindset
vertolker	n	de · mv. vertolkers	interpreter, conveyer; agent noun of vertolken (“to interpret, render, convey”)
verafgelegen	a		synonym of afgelegen (“remote”)
spookrijden	v		To drive or ride a vehicle in the wrong direction
politiekapitein	n	de · mv. politiekapiteins	A police captain; a higher police officer
dubbelop	d		double, especially in a redundant or undesirable way; twice as much as needed
Bouterse	m		a surname
luchtsprong	n	de · mv. luchtsprongen	A jump in the air
lachkick	n	de · mv. lachkicks	A laughing fit or conniption due to the usage of psychoactive substances
stortkoker	n	de · mv. stortkokers	garbage chute, refuse chute
medicijnkast	n	de · mv. medicijnkasten	medicine cabinet
snater	n	de · mv. snaters	mouth
hydrogeneren	v	hydrogeneerde – gehydrogeneerd	to hydrogenate
schutterig	a		clumsy
grenswisselkantoor	n	het · mv. grenswisselkantoren	border currency exchange (currency exchange at a country border)
Rampjaar	m		Disaster Year (the year 1672 in the context of the Dutch Republic)
wederoptreden	n	het · mv. wederoptredens	comeback
toegangsprijs	n	de · mv. toegangsprijzen	admission, entrance fee
veiligheidsreden	n	de · mv. veiligheidsredenen	safety reason
baanvastheid	n	de · mv. baanvastheiden	roadholding
ongelijkvloers	a		not at-grade; i.e. overgrade or undergrade
wederbelegging	n	de · mv. wederbeleggingen	reinvestment
veelmannerij	n	de · mv. veelmannerijen	polyandry
roodvonk	n	de · mv. roodvonken	scarlet fever, scarlatina
datahonger	n	de	A hunger for (digital) data; a tendency to try to gather as much data as…
datazucht	n	de	synonym of datahonger
datalust	n	de	synonym of datahonger
heelder	a		entire, whole (used with a plural noun)
schranken	v		to put crosswise; to alternate; to tilt, bend, skew
burgerzoon	n	de · mv. burgerzonen	a son of middle-class or bourgeois parents
burgerjongen	n	de · mv. burgerjongens	a middle-class or bourgeois boy
burgerdochter	n	de · mv. burgerdochters	a daughter of middle-class or bourgeois parents
slodder	n	de · mv. slodders	An untidy or slovenly person
adresseren	v	adresseerde – geadresseerd	to address (direct, as words); to address (direct in writing, as a letter)
geadresseerd	a		addressed (of a document, marked with an address)
geadresseerde	n	de · mv. geadresseerden	addressee (person or organization to which something, such as a letter or…
attenderen	v	attendeerde – geattendeerd	to make aware [of], point out
audiobestand	n	het · mv. audiobestanden	audio file
tekstbestand	n	het · mv. tekstbestanden	text file (data file containing only plain, human-readable text)
videobestand	n	het · mv. videobestanden	video file
avondkleding	n	de	eveningwear
avondkledij	n	de	synonym of avondkleding (“eveningwear”)
begrijpelijkheid	n	de · mv. begrijpelijkheden	understandability
begrijpelijkerwijs	d		understandably
ongeadresseerd	a		unaddressed (not bearing an address)
bestandstype	n	het · mv. bestandstypes	filetype
bestandsnaam	n	de · mv. bestandsnamen	filename
branderig	a		burning
zomertijd	n	de · mv. zomertijden	daylight saving time; summertime
wintertijd	n	de · mv. wintertijden	standard time (as opposed to daylight saving time); wintertime
lentetijd	n	de · mv. lentetijden	springtime
herfsttijd	n	de · mv. herfsttijden	autumntime
weshalve	d		wherefore, for which reason
kasteelmuur	n	de · mv. kasteelmuren	castle wall
muziekfestival	n	het · mv. muziekfestivals	music festival
hijger	n	de · mv. hijgers	heavy breather (all senses)
wederhoor	n	de · mv. wederhoren	The act or principle of hearing both sides (audi alteram partem)
wederhoren	v	wederhoorde – gewederhoord	to hear both sides, audi alteram partem
deskundoloog	n	de · mv. deskundologen	so-called expert
techreus	n	de · mv. techreuzen	a Big Tech company
ijzersterk	a		very strong
ontstressen	v	ontstreste – ontstrest	to destress (reduce stress in oneself or another person)
verfriezen	v	verfriesde – verfriesd	to Frisianize
ontfriezen	v	ontfriesde – ontfriesd	to make less Frisian
verfriezing	n	de	The act or process of Frisianizing; Frisianization
ontfriezing	n	de	The act or process of making something less Frisian
Sjouke	m		a male given name from West Frisian
slieren	v	slierde – geslierd	to slide; to drag
Klozum	m		A holiday in honor of Saint Nicholas celebrated on the island of Schiermonnikoog
babbelguichje	n	het · mv. babbelguichjes	grimace; trick, mockery, prank
insnijding	n	de · mv. insnijdingen	incision, cut
pitsjaren	v		to convene, deliberate, discuss; to signal others to come or convene, generally using a flag
balkenbrij	n	de	A type of sausage or meatloaf similar to scrapple, made of pork scraps,…
boerenbrood	n	het · mv. boerenbroden	home-baked farmers' bread; a marketing term for any bread that is presented as being somehow rustic or…
mijnentwege	d		as far as I'm concerned, for all I care
indraaien	v	draaide in – ingedraaid	to turn or screw into; to go to jail
lamelgewicht	n	het · mv. lamelgewichten	A weight attached to blinds (particularly vertical blinds) to stabilize them
lijkenkelder	n	de · mv. lijkenkelders	A cellar where corpses are kept; an underground morgue
keukenmeester	n	de · mv. keukenmeesters	One who is in charge of a kitchen, such as a (head) chef
plusfour	n	de · mv. plusfours	plus fours (type of breeches)
binnentreden	v	trad binnen – binnengetreden	to enter
rockconcert	n	het · mv. rockconcerten	rock concert
beveiligingscamera	n	de · mv. beveiligingscamera's	security camera
zoetwaterparel	n	de · mv. zoetwaterparellen	freshwater pearl
curlingouder	n	de · mv. curlingouders	snowplow parent
hobbezak	n	de · mv. hobbezakken	poorly-fitting, too wide piece of clothing; clumsy person
architecturaal	a		architectural
architectonisch	a		architectural
TikTokrij	n	de · mv. TikTokrijen	A kind of persistent and often obstructive queue present on some streets of…
tegenmaatregel	n	de · mv. tegenmaatregelen	countermeasure
zelfwerkzaam	a		self-acting, automatically; self-employed
zeedzaam	a		well-mannered, civilized
zatzaam	a		excessive, immoderate, licentious; satiating
algemeenzaam	a		familiar, intimate
algenoegzaam	a		completely sufficient, all satisfying
alleenzaam	a		lonely, lonesome
arbeidzaam	a		diligent, industrious
baarzaam	a		fit to produce, fruitful, fertile
bedrijfzaam	a		active, industrious; working, operating, having effect
rijsmiddel	n	het · mv. rijsmiddelen	leaven (any agent used to make dough rise or to have a similar effect on…
toekomstbestendig	a		future-proof
vakkennis	n	de	expertise, expert knowledge
officemanager	n	de · mv. officemanagers	office manager
beduidzaam	a		meaningful, significant
bedwingzaam	a		showing restraint, restraintful
begrijpzaam	a		having understanding; understandable
laadbak	n	de · mv. laadbakken	cargo bed
wisselvalligheid	n	de · mv. wisselvalligheden	vicissitude
beheerzaam	a		managing, administrating; manageable
bekenzaam	a		knowing, knowledgeable
familiereünie	n	de · mv. familiereünies	family reunion
hartprobleem	n	het · mv. hartproblemen	heart problem, cardiac problem
hartoperatie	n	de · mv. hartoperaties	heart surgery
goudkleurig	a		gold-colored
huiseigenaar	n	de · mv. huiseigenaars	homeowner (person who owns a home)
inleggen	v	legde in – ingelegd	to lay in, put in, insert; to deposit, add, invest; to conserve, pickle
afgraven	v	groef af – afgegraven	to dig off (a layer of soil, etc.), remove by digging
vergassen	v	vergaste – vergast	to turn into gas; to gas (kill using gas)
kruimeling	n	de	the act or process of crumbling; crumb
kruimelen	v	kruimelde – gekruimeld	to crumble
kruimen	v	kruimde – gekruimd	to crumble
regendrop	n	de · mv. regendroppen	raindrop
zwoelheid	n	de	sultriness, sensuality
koopmanschap	n	de	commerce
ijskruid	n	het	ice plant (Mesembryanthemum crystallinum)
vogelmuur	n	de · mv. vogelmuren	common chickweed (Stellaria media)
zandmuur	n	de · mv. zandmuren	sandwort (plant of genus Arenaria); synonym of gewone zandmuur
hondsdraf	n	de	ground ivy (Glechoma hederacea)
verachtzaam	a		despised; despising, inclined to despise
halfjaarlijks	a		half-yearly, biannual, semiannual
foetelen	v	foetelde – gefoeteld	to betray, screw over; to have sex
tweeëntwintigste	a		twenty-second
Bereneiland	m		Bear Island (an island of Svalbard, Norway)
Indonesische	n	de · mv. Indonesischen	Indonesian woman
geliefdheid	n	de	belovedness
gelukzaligheid	n	de	bliss; beatitude, blessedness
Spaanstalige	n	de · mv. Spaanstaligen	A Hispanophone person
Spaanstalig	a		having knowledge of the Spanish language, said especially of native speakers; in the Spanish language
braambes	n	de · mv. braambessen	synonym of braam (“blackberry fruit”)
neerliggen	v	lag neer – neergelegen	to lie down
verjaardagstaart	n	de · mv. verjaardagstaarten	birthday cake
meubelwinkel	n	de · mv. meubelwinkels	furniture store
vriendeloos	a		friendless
kruikenzeiker	n	de · mv. kruikenzeikers	Nickname for an inhabitant of Tilburg, particularly during Carnival
afhameren	v	hamerde af – afgehamerd	to gavel out; to conclude, come to a final decision or conclusion
binnenlijn	n	de · mv. binnenlijnen	An inner line; a line that is placed on the inside of something
alleman	r		everyone
toetsing	n	de · mv. toetsingen	assessment, review, examination
tussenpakken	v	pakte tussen – tussengepakt	to take on, deal with
hersentumor	n	de · mv. hersentumoren	brain tumor
budgetvriendelijk	a		budget-friendly, inexpensive
casuïst	n	de · mv. casuïsten	casuist
kindfluencer	n	de · mv. kindfluencers	A child who works as an influencer
confidentieel	a		confidential
vogelkop	n	de · mv. vogelkoppen	bird's head
Punisch	a		Punic (of or pertaining to Carthage or the Punic language)
Punisch	m		Punic (ancient Semitic language)
borstvlies	n	het · mv. borstvliezen	parietal pleura
longvlies	n	het · mv. longvliezen	visceral pleura, pulmonary pleura
castorzaad	n	het · mv. castorzaden	castor bean
ricinuszaad	n	het · mv. ricinuszaden	castor bean
wonderboom	n	de · mv. wonderbomen	castor oil plant (Ricinus communis)
wonderolie	n	de · mv. wonderoliën	castor oil; any oil that is claimed to work miracles
ricinusolie	n	de · mv. ricinusoliën	castor oil
castorolie	n	de · mv. castoroliën	castor oil
ricinusboom	n	de · mv. ricinusbomen	synonym of wonderboom (“castor oil plant”)
wonderolieboom	n	de · mv. wonderoliebomen	synonym of wonderboom (“castor oil plant”)
wonderboon	n	de · mv. wonderbonen	synonym of wonderboom (“castor oil plant”); castor bean
castorolieplant	n	de · mv. castorolieplanten	synonym of wonderboom (“castor oil plant”)
castorboon	n	de · mv. castorbonen	castor bean
wegrende	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of wegrennen
meisjeskamer	n	de · mv. meisjeskamers	girls room (bedroom)
mijnent	r		only used in te mijnent
harent	r		only used in te harent
jouwent	r		only used in te jouwent
hunnent	r		only used in te hunnent
onzent	r		only used in te onzent
uwent	r		only used in te uwent
zijnent	r		only used in te zijnent
bagagekar	n	de · mv. bagagekarren	A cart, typically with two walls, used within a hotel to move the luggage…
abstinentie	n	de	abstinence
gezemel	n	het	twaddle; blathering
fixatie	n	de · mv. fixaties	fixation (fixing); fixation (obsession)
eminentie	n	de · mv. eminentiën	eminence (honorific title of Roman Catholic cardinals); eminence (excellence)
flessenhals	n	de · mv. flessenhalzen	neck of a bottle; bottleneck
drinkhoorn	n	de · mv. drinkhoorns	drinking horn
bloedverwantschap	n	de	consanguinity
geroep	n	het	calling, clamoring, shouting, hollering
gascilinder	n	de · mv. gascilinders	gas cylinder
gesnurk	n	het	snoring
gesnater	n	het	quacking
geschal	n	het	clangour (as of a loud instrument)
sikkeneurigheid	n	de	peevishness, grumpiness
onderofficier	n	de · mv. onderofficieren	non-commissioned officer, NCO
vuilnisophaler	n	de · mv. vuilnisophalers	garbage collector
keurs	n	het · mv. keursen	Long cloth from the shoulders to the feet
wanbetaler	n	de · mv. wanbetalers	bad payer, defaulter
wanbetaling	n	de · mv. wanbetalingen	nonpayment, default
paasontbijt	n	het · mv. paasontbijten	Easter breakfast
familiebijeenkomst	n	de · mv. familiebijeenkomsten	family gathering
kamerling	n	de · mv. kamerlingen	chamberlain
beklinkeren	v	beklinkerde – beklinkerd	to pave with clinkers
beklinkering	n	de · mv. beklinkeringen	the act or process of paving with clinkers
echie	n	het	only used in voor het echie /om het echie /in het echie
afkrabben	v	krabde af – afgekrabd	to scratch off
documentairefilm	n	de · mv. documentairefilms	documentary, documentary film
werkvergadering	n	de · mv. werkvergaderingen	work meeting
nixtamalisatie	n	de	nixtamalization
achtjarige	n	de · mv. achtjarigen	eight-year-old, person of the age of eight
fitnesscentrum	n	het · mv. fitnesscentra	fitness center, gym
tv-ster	n	de · mv. tv-sterren	television star
rugoperatie	n	de · mv. rugoperaties	back surgery
elektriciteitscentrale	n	de · mv. elektriciteitscentrales	power plant, power station
remafstand	n	de · mv. remafstanden	braking distance
studentengroep	n	de · mv. studentengroepen	student group
modeblad	n	het · mv. modebladen	fashion magazine
conformeren	v	conformeerde – geconformeerd	to conform; to conform to
conformistisch	a		conformist
muzieknummer	n	het · mv. muzieknummers	song
hoogstpersoonlijk	a		highly personal
meebewegen	v	bewoog mee – meebewogen	to move along with someone; to follow one's opinion
uniciteit	n	de · mv. uniciteiten	unicity, uniqueness
zelfinzicht	n	het · mv. zelfinzichten	self-assessment
inkarnaatklaver	n	de · mv. inkarnaatklavers	crimson clover (Trifolium incarnatum)
bolletjesvaren	n	de · mv. bolletjesvarens	sensitive fern (Onoclea sensibilis)
glanstroepiaal	n	de · mv. glanstroepialen	common grackle (Quiscalus quiscula)
treurduif	n	de · mv. treurduiven	mourning dove (Zenaida macroura)
Werkloosheidswet	m		the legislation governing unemployment benefits in the Netherlands
schoorsteengierzwaluw	n	de · mv. schoorsteengierzwaluwen	chimney swift (Chaetura pelagica)
sialia	n	de · mv. sialia's	bluebird (North American thrush of genus Sialia)
bergsialia	n	de · mv. bergsialia's	mountain bluebird (Sialia currucoides)
zielenpoot	n	de · mv. zielenpoten	wretch, poor devil; someone to be pitied
gastvriendelijk	a		hospitable, guest-friendly
onaangekondigd	a		unannounced
Pacifisch	a		Pacific
geelsnavelduiker	n	de · mv. geelsnavelduikers	white-billed diver, yellow-billed loon (Gavia adamsii)
meetorsen	v	torste mee – meegetorst	to carry along with difficulty
strafprocesrecht	n	het · mv. strafprocesrechten	criminal procedure
Balkonië	m		One’s own balcony, referred to as if it were a vacation destination; the…
rechtstheorie	n	de · mv. rechtstheorieën	theory of law
gerechtsgebouw	n	het · mv. gerechtsgebouwen	courthouse
19e-eeuws	a		nineteenth-century, related to or happening in the 19th century
alledag	d		everyday, commonplace
hoogoplopend	a		escalating
toedragen	v	droeg toe – toegedragen	to cherish (feelings)
doorhakken	v	hakte door – doorgehakt	to cut through, to split by cutting; to solve a problem by making a decision
poneren	v	poneerde – geponeerd	to posit, to postulate
politierechter	n	de · mv. politierechters	judge who can rule alone in a criminal case ('one-person chamber')
terminaal	a		terminal
kankerpatiënt	n	de · mv. kankerpatiënten	cancer patient
onbehagen	n	het	discomfort, unease, discontent
ongeorganiseerd	a		unorganised (not having prior arrangement)
herschikken	v	herschikte – herschikt	to rearrange
boekenclub	n	de · mv. boekenclubs	book club (commercial organization offering subscribers a selection of books)
bejaardenverzorgster	n	de · mv. bejaardenverzorgsters	elderly care worker
Schiedammer	n	de · mv. Schiedammers	male Schiedammer; a man from Schiedam
Schiedammer	a		of or from Schiedam
parkmoord	n	de · mv. parkmoorden	park murder
rechtspsychologie	n	de	forensic psychology
niet-juridisch	a		nonlegal; not related to the practice of law
rechtenstudie	n	de · mv. rechtenstudies	law studies
eindverantwoordelijkheid	n	de · mv. eindverantwoordelijkheiden	final responsibility
geruchtmakend	a		notorious
afdruipt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afdruipen
adviesrecht	n	het	right to advise
Papoea	n	de · mv. Papoea's	Papua New Guinean (citizen of Papua New Guinea or of Papua New Guinean descent)
amethist	n	het	amethyst minerals, taken collectively; amethyst crystal; amethystea, blue amethystea (Amethystea caerulea)
amethisten	a		amethyst
tweeë	u		a-two; alternative form of twee (“two”), used when counting rhythmically
drieë	u		a-three; alternative form of drie (“three”), used when counting rhythmically
overzwemmen	v	zwom over – overgezwommen	to swim accross
politiek-maatschappelijk	a		political and social
strafprocedure	n	de · mv. strafprocedures	criminal procedure
afkoersen	v	koerste af – afgekoerst	to set course
majestueus	a		majestic
sjerp	n	de · mv. sjerpen	sash
statelijk	a		Of or pertaining to a state; statal
bloedspoed	n	de	great haste
configuratie	n	de · mv. configuraties	configuration (form of a thing, as depending on the relative placement of…; configuration (relative positions of a set of things); configuration (aspect of the planets)
sermoen	n	het · mv. sermoenen	sermon (religious discourse); sermon (speech of reproval)
bedsermoen	n	het · mv. bedsermoenen	curtain lecture (scolding given by a wife to her husband in bed)
hemelwater	n	het	rainwater
kortgeleden	d		recently, a short while ago
pasgeleden	d		synonym of kortgeleden
langgeleden	d		long ago
pasgetrouwd	a		newlywed
onverhard	a		unhardened
ongerekend	p		not including
alkoof	n	de · mv. alkoven	alcove, small side room
paaps	a		popish
idiosyncratisch	a		idiosyncratic
lijpo	n	de · mv. lijpo's	crazy person, weirdo
puddingbroodje	n	het · mv. puddingbroodjes	A type of pastry filled with pudding or cream, similar to a cream bun
nukkigheid	n	de	moodiness
bosaardbei	n	de · mv. bosaardbeien	wild strawberry (Fragaria vesca)
jonggeboren	a		newborn (recently born)
nieuwgeboren	a		newborn (recently born)
jonggeborene	n	de · mv. jonggeborenen	newborn
vroeggeboren	a		prematurely born
vroeggeborene	n	de · mv. vroeggeborenen	prematurely born baby
eerstgeboren	a		firstborn (born as the first one in a family, flock or the like)
eerstens	d		firstly
laatstbedoeld	a		synonym of laatstgenoemd
eerstbedoeld	a		synonym of eerstgenoemd
eerstgenoemde	n	de · mv. eerstgenoemden	first mentioned
laatstgenoemde	n	de · mv. laatstgenoemden	last mentioned
binst	p		during
verbeuren	v	verbeurde – verbeurd	to relinquish, to forfeit
verbeurdverklaren	v	verklaarde verbeurd – verbeurdverklaard	to confiscate
eerstvermeld	a		synonym of eerstgenoemd
laatstvermeld	a		synonym of laatstgenoemd
competitief	a		competitive (inclined to compete)
hoogopgeleid	a		highly educated, academically educated
laagopgeleid	a		lowly educated, practically educated
dotterbloem	n	de · mv. dotterbloemen	marsh marigold (Caltha palustris)
penitentiair	a		penitentiary (of or relating to the punishment of criminals)
Schookjodier	m		a surname
hoogopgeleide	n	de · mv. hoogopgeleiden	highly educated person
laagopgeleide	n	de · mv. laagopgeleiden	lowly educated person
hooggeschoold	a		highly educated, academically educated
laaggeschoold	a		lowly educated, practically educated
lagergeschoold	a		lowly educated
hooggeschoolde	n	de · mv. hooggeschoolden	highly educated person
laaggeschoolde	n	de · mv. laaggeschoolden	lowly educated person
lagergeschoolde	n	de · mv. lagergeschoolden	lowly educated person
eerstgemeld	a		synonym of eerstgenoemd
laatstgemeld	a		synonym of laatstgenoemd
bovengenoemd	a		mentioned above
bovenbedoeld	a		synonym of bovengenoemd
bovengemeld	a		synonym of bovengenoemd
halteren	v	halteerde – gehalteerd	to stop at a public transport station
rechtervoet	n	de · mv. rechtervoeten	right foot
vismeel	n	het	fishmeal
soulmuziek	n	de	soul music
modetijdschrift	n	het · mv. modetijdschriften	fashion magazine
modemerk	n	het · mv. modemerken	fashion brand
telefoonoplader	n	de · mv. telefoonopladers	phone charger
tijmereprijs	n	de · mv. tijmereprijzen	thymeleaf speedwell (Veronica serpyllifolia)
marterhond	n	de · mv. marterhonden	synonym of wasbeerhond (“raccoon dog”)
akkerereprijs	n	de · mv. akkerereprijzen	green field-speedwell (Veronica agrestis)
veldereprijs	n	de · mv. veldereprijzen	wall speedwell, corn speedwell (Veronica arvensis)
beekpunge	n	de	European speedwell, brooklime (Veronica beccabunga)
klimboom	n	de · mv. klimbomen	A tree that can be climbed with ease, particularly as part of children's play
koewarm	a		fresh from the cow
rietorchis	n	de · mv. rietorchissen	southern marsh orchid (Dactylorhiza praetermissa syn. Dactylorhiza majalis…
commercialiseren	v	commercialiseerde – gecommercialiseerd	to commercialize
wespenorchis	n	de · mv. wespenorchissen	Any plant of the genus Epipactis, including many helleborines
moeraswespenorchis	n	de · mv. moeraswespenorchissen	marsh helleborine (Epipactis palustris)
Congolees	n	de · mv. Congolezen	Congolese (a person from the Congo or any Congolese state)
Congolees	a		Congolese (of, from, or pertaining to the Congo or any Congolese state)
veiligheidsagent	n	de · mv. veiligheidsagenten	security guard
binnenlaat	v		first/second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of…
hotelgast	n	de · mv. hotelgasten	hotel guest
zielsverlangen	n	het · mv. zielsverlangens	A desire of the soul; i.e. an intense and ardent desire
zielskracht	n	de · mv. zielskrachten	Power of the soul
zielsbedroefd	a		very sorrowful
zielsgelukkig	a		very happy, totally fulfilled; blissful
zielsverrukking	n	de	ecstasy or elation of the soul
afwimpelen	v	wimpelde af – afgewimpeld	to dismiss, to brush off, to blow off, to shirk
afpoeieren	v	poeierde af – afgepoeierd	to dismiss, to brush off, to blow off, to shirk
zielement	n	het · mv. zielementen	body
plaveisel	n	het · mv. plaveisels	pavement
klassebak	n	de · mv. klassebakken	A fancy car; Someone with outstanding personal qualities
rasoptimist	n	de · mv. rasoptimisten	A true optimist
raspessimist	n	de · mv. raspessimisten	A true pessimist
tokken	v	tokte – getokt	to pull, tug; to touch; to knock, bump
Oei	m		a surname from Hokkien
paardendief	n	de · mv. paardendieven	horse thief
vetweefsel	n	het · mv. vetweefselen	adipose tissue
muziekvideo	n	de · mv. muziekvideo's	music video
verruimen	v	verruimde – verruimd	to expand, broaden, enlarge
zilverhaver	n	de	silver hairgrass (Aira caryophyllea)
dwerghaver	n	de	hair grass (Aira spp.)
rentenier	n	de · mv. renteniers	rentier
broodkorst	n	de · mv. broodkorsten	breadcrust
korstig	a		Having a crust, crusty; scabby (of skin)
badkamerspiegel	n	de · mv. badkamerspiegels	bathroom mirror
sjacheraar	n	de · mv. sjacheraars	huckster
logenstraffen	v	logenstrafte – gelogenstraft	to give the lie, refute, contradict
Ischa	m		a male given name
zienersblik	n	de · mv. zienersblikken	A prophetic view
zielkundig	a		synonym of psychologisch (“of or pertaining to psychology”)
zielenleven	n	het · mv. zielenlevens	inner life; one's personal psychological or spiritual life
aardrijkskundige	n	de · mv. aardrijkskundigen	geographer
zielkundige	n	de · mv. zielkundigen	synonym of psycholoog
zeikwijf	n	het · mv. zeikwijven	A nagging shrew; a woman who whines too much
lamlul	n	de · mv. lamlullen	A lazy or useless man
steunpilaar	n	de · mv. steunpilaren	supporting column; mainstay, cornerstone
stokdoof	a		stone deaf; utterly deaf
stomverbaasd	a		dumbfounded
vlasblond	a		flaxen-blonde, towheaded
wilszwakte	n	de	weakness of the will
zwendelaar	n	de · mv. zwendelaars	swindler
bevlieging	n	de · mv. bevliegingen	whim, caprice
cerebraal	a		cerebral
generalisatie	n	de · mv. generalisaties	generalization
ijzerenheinigheid	n	de	imperturbability
onverstoorbaarheid	n	de	imperturbability
godalmachtig	i		God Almighty, Christ almighty, goodness me
hulsel	n	het · mv. hulsels	any covering or veil of the hair; hairstyle; any covering
initiëren	v	initieerde – geïnitieerd	to initiate (to instruct someone in the rudiments of something; to make…; to initiate (to start)
initiatie	n	de · mv. initiaties	initiation
initiëring	n	de · mv. initiëringen	initiation
irreëel	a		unreal; unrealistic
onrealistisch	a		unrealistic
ineenstorten	v	stortte ineen – ineengestort	to collapse
ineenkrimpen	v	kromp ineen – ineengekrompen	to cower; to shrink or shrivel
cashewnoot	n	de · mv. cashewnoten	cashew nut
conformiteit	n	de	conformity
bespoedigen	v	bespoedigde – bespoedigd	to expedite, accelerate
medewerkster	n	de · mv. medewerksters	a female employee
handelbaar	a		handleable, tractable, controllable
verachtelijkheid	n	de · mv. verachtelijkheden	despicability; something despicable
walgelijkheid	n	de · mv. walgelijkheden	noisomeness, disgustingness; something noisome or disgusting
Uwen	t		dative neuter/plural of Uw
struggelen	v	struggelde – gestruggeld	to struggle
mijnerzijds	d		from my side
harerzijds	d		from her side
hunnerzijds	d		from their side
jouwerzijds	d		from your side
onzerzijds	d		from our side
uwerzijds	d		from your side
zijnerzijds	d		from his side
lichaamseigen	a		originating from the body itself; endogenous
endogeen	a		originating from within; endogenous
lichaamsvreemd	a		originating from outside the body; exogenous
exogeen	a		originating from outside; exogenous
aalmoezenierschap	n	het · mv. aalmoezenierschappen	almonership
generzijds	d		on yonder side, on the other side; on the other side, in the afterlife
generzijds	p		on yonder side of, on the other side of
generzijds	n	het	the other side, afterlife
bankierschap	n	het	bankership
schoenenwinkel	n	de · mv. schoenenwinkels	shoe shop
overleving	n	de · mv. overlevingen	survival
enkelzijdig	a		single-sided
tweezijdig	a		two-sided, bilateral
tweezijdigheid	n	de · mv. tweezijdigheden	two-sidedness
boerenjasmijn	n	de · mv. boerenjasmijnen	philadelphus, mock orange (Any of the genus Philadelphus of shrubs)
helmkruid	n	het	A figwort; any plant of genus Scrophularia
brileider	n	de · mv. brileiders	spectacled eider (Somateria fischeri)
alzijdig	a		all-round, versatile; all-round, comprehensive
strijdmacht	n	de · mv. strijdmachten	synonym of krijgsmacht (“armed forces”)
afhappen	v	hapte af – afgehapt	to bite off (remove by biting)
toehappen	v	hapte toe – toegehapt	to take an opportunity; to take the bait
geboortezorg	n	de	healthcare provided to pregnant women in the antenatal, natal and postnatal…
hockeyster	n	de · mv. hockeysterren	hockey star (successful hockey player)
achtmaal	d		eight times
Gelders	a		Of or pertaining to Gelderland, a province of The Netherlands
garfpacht	n	de	rent paid by tenant farmers consisting of part of a grain harvest
zwanus	n	de · mv. zwanussen	swamp ass
zweetreet	n	de · mv. zweetreten	swamp ass
zonatie	n	de · mv. zonaties	zonation, zoning
zoneren	v	zoneerde – gezoneerd	to zone (divide into zones)
zonering	n	de · mv. zoneringen	zonation, zoning
ontmasten	v	ontmastte – ontmast	to demast
yperiet	n	het	synonym of mosterdgas (“mustard gas”)
arbeidscontract	n	de · mv. arbeidscontracten	employment contract
boegeroep	n	het	booing, boo-shouting (act or sound)
loomheid	n	de · mv. loomheden	languor
uitblinker	n	de · mv. uitblinkers	One who excels
veiligheidsgordel	n	de · mv. veiligheidsgordels	seat belt
Barentszzee	m		Barents Sea
portioneren	v	portioneerde – geportioneerd	to portion (divide into amounts, as for allocation to specific purposes)
achterblijver	n	de · mv. achterblijvers	One who stays behind; a remainer; One who lags behind
afvalwater	n	het	wastewater
portionering	n	de · mv. portioneringen	portioning; act or process of dividing into portions
goudader	n	de · mv. goudaders	A vein of gold ore
portioneerbaar	a		portionable
portiegrootte	n	de · mv. portiegroottes	portion size
afstomen	v	stoomde af – afgestoomd	to steam off; to remove using steam; to move at speed
heilbrengend	a		That brings salvation
aalsteek	n	de · mv. aalsteken	synonym of palingsteek
palingsteek	n	de · mv. palingsteken	A place where eels can be caught, or the rights to exploit such a place
bevolkingsleer	n	de	demography (study of human populations)
borstvergroting	n	de · mv. borstvergrotingen	breast augmentation, boob job
cederpestvogel	n	de · mv. cederpestvogels	cedar waxwing (Bombycilla cedrorum)
doorlaatbaarheid	n	de	permeability
waterdoorlaatbaarheid	n	de	water permeability
lichtdoorlaatbaarheid	n	de	light permeability; transparency
fonologisch	a		phonological
gekakel	n	het	cackling
gezichtsvermogen	n	het	eyesight (faculty of vision)
goedpraten	v	praatte goed – goedgepraat	to justify, excuse
uitkristalliseren	v	kristalliseerde uit – uitgekristalliseerd	to effloresce, crystallize; to develop to completion, fullness or maturity
kristalliseren	v	kristalliseerde – gekristalliseerd	to crystallize
kristallisatie	n	de · mv. kristallisaties	crystallization
kristalliseerbaar	a		crystallizable
onkristalliseerbaar	a		uncrystallizable
deepthroaten	v	deepthroatte – gedeepthroat	to deep-throat
irrelevantie	n	de	irrelevance
indeuken	v	deukte in – ingedeukt	to dent
zaadslet	n	de · mv. zaadsletten	cumslut
melkdistel	n	de · mv. melkdistels	sow thistle (plant of genus Sonchus)
akkermelkdistel	n	de · mv. akkermelkdistels	field sow thistle (Sonchus arvensis)
zeemelkdistel	n	de · mv. zeemelkdistels	Sonchus arvensis var. maritimus, a variety of field sow thistle
moerasmelkdistel	n	de · mv. moerasmelkdistels	field sow thistle (Sonchus palustris)
snoozen	v	snoozede – gesnoozed	to snooze (to sleep briefly)
deinzen	v	deinsde – gedeinsd	to recoil, flinch, pull back, move backwards
positioneel	a		positional (relating to the position of something); positional (having or pertaining to a value that is a function of its social…
positioneren	v	positioneerde – gepositioneerd	to position
hogedrukgebied	n	het · mv. hogedrukgebieden	high-pressure area, anticyclone
lagedrukgebied	n	het · mv. lagedrukgebieden	low-pressure area, depression
zeoliet	n	het · mv. zeolieten	zeolite
zijbalk	n	de · mv. zijbalken	sidebar (information placed at the side of a webpage)
cijnsrecht	n	het · mv. cijnsrechten	The right of a feudal lord to levy a census tax on peasants
voorwerk	n	het · mv. voorwerken	preparatory work; preparation; front matter
sluiken	v	slook – gesloken	to sneak
tersluiks	a		furtive, subtle, surreptitious, discreet
tersluiks	d		surreptitiously, furtively, discreetly
peesontsteking	n	de · mv. peesontstekingen	tendinitis
bijholte	n	de · mv. bijholten	paranasal sinus
bijholteontsteking	n	de · mv. bijholteontstekingen	sinusitis
spliceosoom	n	het · mv. spliceosomen	spliceosome
zielenleed	n	het	anguish of the soul; mental suffering
zielenpijn	n	het	"pain of the soul"; mental suffering
chatoena	n	de · mv. chatoenot	wedding
chassene	n	de · mv. chassenes	wedding
stroboscoop	n	de · mv. stroboscopen	stroboscope
danswedstrijd	n	de · mv. danswedstrijden	dance competition
schoonfamilie	n	de · mv. schoonfamilies	in-laws
haarmug	n	de · mv. haarmuggen	March fly (fly of the family Bibionidae)
captatie	n	de · mv. captaties	collection or extraction of water; video capture, recording
kwinkslag	n	de · mv. kwinkslagen	witticism, wisecrack, bon mot, quip
garenhaspel	n	de · mv. garenhaspels	synonym of haspel (“swift”)
steppezebra	n	de · mv. steppezebra's	plains zebra (Equus quagga)
vreetzak	n	de · mv. vreetzakken	glutton
misselijkmakend	a		nauseating
onvertaalbaarheid	n	de · mv. onvertaalbaarheden	untranslatability, intranslatability, untranslateableness
onbeduidendheid	n	de · mv. onbeduidendheden	insignificance
navorsen	v	vorste na – nagevorst	to research, investigate
researchen	v	researchte – geresearcht	to research
vorsing	n	de · mv. vorsingen	research
lichtgelovig	a		credulous, gullible
gelovigheid	n	de	religiosity
religieusheid	n	de	religiosity
necrofiel	n	de · mv. necrofielen	necrophile
necrofiel	a		necrophilic
necromantie	n	de · mv. necromantieën	necromancy
bladkever	n	de · mv. bladkevers	leaf beetle (insect of the family Chrysomelidae)
overpeinzing	n	de · mv. overpeinzingen	pondering, rumination, contemplation
riviervis	n	de · mv. riviervissen	river fish (fish whose primary habitat is a river)
belastingplichtig	a		subject to taxation; obliged to pay taxes; taxable
heffingsvrij	a		not subject to taxation; untaxed
onbelast	a		not subject to taxation; untaxed
belastingplichtigheid	n	de	The state or quality of being subject to taxation; taxability
verlating	n	de · mv. verlatingen	abandonment; abjuration; delay, belatedness
ruziemaker	n	de · mv. ruziemakers	Someone who picks a lot of fights; a hostile and aggressive person; a…
verlatingsangst	n	de	separation anxiety, fear of abandonment
separatieangst	n	de	separation anxiety, fear of abandonment
separatie	n	de	separation
profetie	n	de · mv. profetieën	prophecy
inclinatie	n	de · mv. inclinaties	inclination
zielzorger	n	de · mv. zielzorgers	one who provides pastoral care
pastoraat	n	het · mv. pastoraten	pastoral care
aambeienkruid	n	het	synonym of helmkruid (“figwort”)
aambeeldsbeentje	n	het · mv. aambeeldsbeentjes	synonym of aambeeld (“incus bone”)
boventallig	a		redundant
boventalligheid	n	de · mv. boventalligheden	redundancy
jutezak	n	de · mv. jutezakken	jute sack, burlap sack
allerliefst	a		sweetest of all, dearest of all, most beloved
allergrootst	a		biggest of all, greatest of all
allerkleinst	a		smallest of all
allerleukst	a		nicest or most enjoyable of all
allerstoutst	a		naughtiest or most mischievous of all
allerzoetst	a		sweetest of all
allervreemdst	a		strangest of all
allerheiligst	a		holiest of all
allerslimst	a		smartest of all
allerdomst	a		stupidest of all
allerlekkerst	a		tastiest of all
allerviest	a		dirtiest of all; least tasty of all
kafnaald	n	de · mv. kafnaalden	awn
kaasmes	n	het · mv. kaasmessen	cheese knife
incompetentie	n	de	incompetence
handelingsonbekwaam	a		legally incompetent; legally incapacitated
handelingsbekwaam	a		legally competent; legally capable
asielmigratie	n	de	asylum migration
arbeidsmigratie	n	de	labor migration (migration for purposes of employment)
migreren	v	migreerde – gemigreerd	to migrate
perforeren	v		to perforate
Schasfoort	m		Richard B. M. Schasfoort, Dutch researcher; Fabienne Carmen Schasfoort, Dutch researcher; Joeri Anton Schasfoort, Belgian economist and YouTuber
eenpansmaaltijd	n	de · mv. eenpansmaaltijden	one pot (dish whose essential ingredients are combined in a single pot for…
eenpansgerecht	n	het · mv. eenpansgerechten	synonym of eenpansmaaltijd
kannibalistisch	a		cannibalistic
kannibaliseren	v	kannibaliseerde – gekannibaliseerd	to cannibalise (eat (parts of) another of one's own species); to cannibalise (remove parts of (a machine, etc) for use in other similar…; to cannibalise (reduce sales or market share (for one of one's own products)…
kannibalisatie	n	de	cannibalization
kinderhand	n	de · mv. kinderhanden	A child's hand
lievelingsdochter	n	de · mv. lievelingsdochters	favourite daughter
ademruimte	n	de · mv. ademruimtes	breathing room, breathing space
uithaler	n	de · mv. uithalers	Someone who takes smuggled drugs out of a shipping container
echografie	n	de · mv. echografieën	ultrasound scan
pretecho	n	de · mv. pretecho's	An ultrasound scan of a pregnant woman which is done for non-medical reasons…
ballingsoord	n	het · mv. ballingsoorden	place of exile, banishment
haarvat	n	het · mv. haarvaten	capillary
resoluut	a		resolute
boogpees	n	de · mv. boogpezen	bowstring
zielsziek	a		synonym of geestesziek (“mentally ill”)
zielsziekte	n	de · mv. zielsziekten	synonym of geestesziekte (“mental illness”)
feestmaal	n	het · mv. feestmalen	feast, banquet, festive meal
gastorganisme	n	het · mv. gastorganismen	host organism
gevechtsvliegtuig	n	het · mv. gevechtsvliegtuigen	fighter plane
smokwerk	n	het · mv. smokwerken	smocking
klunzig	a		clumsy, klutzy
drietrapsraket	n	de · mv. drietrapsraketten	a three-stage rocket; something (process, plan, etc.) consisting of three distinct stages
tweetrapsraket	n	de · mv. tweetrapsraketten	a two-stage rocket; something (process, plan, etc.) consisting of two distinct stages
viertrapsraket	n	de · mv. viertrapsraketten	a four-stage rocket; something (process, plan, etc.) consisting of four distinct stages
herrijzenis	n	de · mv. herrijzenissen	resurrection
wederopstanding	n	de · mv. wederopstandingen	resurrection
geomorfologisch	a		geomorphological
morfologisch	a		morphological
breedgeschouderd	a		broad-shouldered
sympathiseren	v	sympathiseerde – gesympathiseerd	to sympathize
onbevlekt	a		spotless, stainless (both physically and morally); virgin, chaste
klaagzang	n	de · mv. klaagzangen	lament, elegy, lamentation, jeremiad
chromatografie	n	de	chromatography (technique for separation of components in a mixture)
prokaryoot	n	de · mv. prokaryoten	prokaryote
prokaryoot	a		prokaryotic
voorhouden	v	hield voor – voorgehouden	to hold in front (of someone or something); to present; to pretend (to someone)
aanstalten	n		only used in aanstalten maken
vervolgstap	n	de · mv. vervolgstappen	next step, follow-up step
beproeven	v	beproefde – beproefd	to put to the test
relativering	n	de · mv. relativeringen	relativization
relativeringsvermogen	n	het	ability to relativize
peper-en-zoutstel	n	het · mv. peper-en-zoutstellen	a set of pepper and salt shakers
infantiliseren	v	infantiliseerde – geïnfantiliseerd	to infantilize
trivialiseren	v	trivialiseerde – getrivialiseerd	to trivialize
medewerkerstevredenheid	n	de	employee satisfaction
medewerkerstevredenheidsonderzoek	n	het · mv. medewerkerstevredenheidsonderzoeken	employee satisfaction survey
klanttevredenheid	n	de	customer satisfaction
klanttevredenheidsonderzoek	n	het · mv. klanttevredenheidsonderzoeken	customer satisfaction survey
tevredenheidsonderzoek	n	het · mv. tevredenheidsonderzoeken	satisfaction survey
ziektekostenverzekeringsmaatschappij	n	de · mv. ziektekostenverzekeringsmaatschappijen	health insurance company
pieleman	n	de · mv. pielemannen	penis
rondvliegen	v	vloog rond – rondgevlogen	to fly around
privéleven	n	het · mv. privélevens	private life
rechercheren	v	rechercheerde – gerechercheerd	to investigate
eerbiediging	n	de · mv. eerbiedigingen	respect
familieleven	n	het · mv. familielevens	family life
gezinsleven	n	het · mv. gezinslevens	family life
toezien	v	zag toe – toegezien	to watch, to see happen; to supervise, to monitor
zwangere	n	de · mv. zwangeren	pregnant person
trainingsdoeleinde	n	het · mv. trainingsdoeleinden	training purpose
voorhanden	a		at hand, available
omkleedruimte	n	de · mv. omkleedruimten	a changing room
toetsingskader	n	het · mv. toetsingskaders	testing framework
proefproces	n	het · mv. proefprocessen	test case
totstandkoming	n	de · mv. totstandkomingen	creation, realisation
video-opname	n	de · mv. video-opnamen	video recording
stukadoren	v	stukadoorde – gestukadoord	to plaster
kantonrechter	n	de · mv. kantonrechters	district judge
afsturen	v	stuurde af – afgestuurd	to send down; to sic, to send
afstuurt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afsturen
lederwaar	n	de · mv. lederwaren	leathergoods
onrechtmatig	a		unlawful
optiek	n	de · mv. optieken	point of view, standpoint; optics; optician's store
hersenschade	n	de	brain damage
hersenletsel	n	het	brain damage
getob	n	het	the act of worrying
geklop	n	het	the act of knocking, beating or throbbing
rijhuis	n	het · mv. rijhuizen	row house, terraced house
oppeppen	v	pepte op – opgepept	to cheer up, to invigorate, to give someone more energy, motivation, or…; to boost or enhance the appearance or quality of something
dodelijkheid	n	de	deadliness, lethality
duivelsadvocaat	n	de · mv. duivelsadvocaten	synonym of advocaat van de duivel
lamlendigheid	n	de	fecklessness
lievelingskleur	n	de · mv. lievelingskleurs	favourite color
verjaardagscadeau	n	het · mv. verjaardagscadeaus	birthday present
kransmuur	n	de · mv. kransmuren	fourleaf allseed (Polycarpon tetraphyllum)
tornooi	n	de · mv. tornooien	dated spelling of toernooi
cupmaat	n	de · mv. cupmaten	cup size
naanbrood	n	het · mv. naanbroden	naan
zoveeljarig	a		so many years old, of so many years
struikheide	n	de	heather (Calluna vulgaris)
kraaiheide	n	de	crowberry (Empetrum nigrum)
klaplong	n	de · mv. klaplongen	pneumothorax
ronding	n	de · mv. rondingen	rounding; curve, curvature
veeljarig	a		many years old, of many years
langjarig	a		many years old, of many years
verkonden	v	verkondde – verkond	To announce, proclaim, make known
laatstelijk	d		lastly; on the last occasion
manoeuvreerbaarheid	n	de	manoeuvrability
slappeling	n	de · mv. slappelingen	weakling
huis-aan-huis	d		door to door (from one household or business to the next)
deur-aan-deur	d		door to door (from one household or business to the next)
huis-aan-huisbezoek	n	het · mv. huis-aan-huisbezoeken	door-to-door visit
huis-aan-huisblad	n	het · mv. huis-aan-huisbladen	door-to-door newspaper
huis-aan-huiskrant	n	de · mv. huis-aan-huiskranten	door-to-door newspaper
huis-aan-huiscollecte	n	de · mv. huis-aan-huiscollecten	door-to-door collection
huis-aan-huisinzameling	n	de · mv. huis-aan-huisinzamelingen	door-to-door collection
huis-aan-huisreclame	n	de · mv. huis-aan-huisreclames	door-to-door advertising
huis-aan-huisverkoop	n	de	door-to-door sales
huis-aan-huisverkoper	n	de · mv. huis-aan-huisverkopers	door-to-door salesman
deur-aan-deurverkoop	n	de	synonym of huis-aan-huisverkoop
deur-aan-deurverkoper	n	de · mv. deur-aan-deurverkopers	synonym of huis-aan-huisverkoper
ontmasting	n	de · mv. ontmastingen	the act of demasting
wegkomen	v	kwam weg – weggekomen	to get away, make oneself scarce
wegkomt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegkomen
vredesnaam	n	de	only used in in vredesnaam
Holocaustoverlevende	n	de · mv. Holocaustoverlevenden	Holocaust survivor
ielig	a		puny, scrawny, feeble
morgenvroeg	d		early tomorrow
zamelen	v	zamelde – gezameld	to gather
snotgaar	a		snotty or mushy, as a result of overcooking or overboiling
snotlap	n	de · mv. snotlappen	handkerchief
snotteren	v	snotterde – gesnotterd	to sniffle, have a runny nose; to sob, blubber
snottig	a		snotty
chocolade-eclair	n	de · mv. chocolade-eclairs	chocolate éclair
dansles	n	de · mv. danslessen	dance class
familiediner	n	het · mv. familiediners	family dinner
stapelbaar	a		stackable (capable of being stacked)
opstapelbaar	a		stackable (capable of being stacked)
chocolade-ijs	n	het	chocolate ice cream
koffie-ijs	n	het	coffee ice cream
bat-en-bal	n	het	A simplified form of cricket
accuraatheid	n	de	accuracy, accurateness
inaccuraat	a		inaccurate
achtergrondgeluid	n	het · mv. achtergrondgeluiden	background noise
baanvak	n	het · mv. baanvakken	section of railroad track
benevelen	v	benevelde – beneveld	to bedew, mist; to conceal, obfuscate; to intoxicate, inebriate
vernevelen	v	vernevelde – verneveld	to nebulize; to bedew, mist
vernevelaar	n	de · mv. vernevelaars	nebulizer
vernevelapparaat	n	het · mv. vernevelapparaten	nebulizer
alleskunner	n	de · mv. alleskunners	jack of all trades
antipsychoticum	n	het · mv. antipsychotica	antipsychotic
stomkop	n	de · mv. stomkoppen	blockhead, stupid person
kletskoek	n	de	poppycock, nonsense
hogedrukreiniger	n	de · mv. hogedrukreinigers	pressure washer
hogedrukspuit	n	de · mv. hogedrukspuiten	pressure washer
allesbeheersend	a		all-controlling
allesbepalend	a		all-deciding, all-determining
allesbeslissend	a		all-deciding, all-determining
allesdoordringend	a		all-pervasive, all-penetrating
allesoverheersend	a		all-dominating
allesoverstijgend	a		all-exceeding
allesovertreffend	a		all-surpassing
allesoverwinnend	a		all-conquering
allesverhullend	a		completely covering, completely concealing
allesverklarend	a		all-explaining
allesverlammend	a		all-paralyzing, inhibiting all function
allesvernietigend	a		all-destroying
allesverwoestend	a		all-destroying
allesverslindend	a		all-devouring
allesverterend	a		all-consuming
alleswetend	a		all-knowing
alleszeggend	a		all-telling
allesziend	a		all-seeing, omnivident
alziend	a		all-seeing, omnivident
bijziend	a		near-sighted, myopic
verziend	a		far-sighted, hyperopic
bijziendheid	n	de	nearsightedness, myopia
verziendheid	n	de	farsightedness, hyperopia
ganzenbloem	n	de · mv. ganzenbloemen	Glebionis spp
bolderik	n	de · mv. bolderiken	corncockle (Agrostemma spp.); common corncockle, crown-of-the-field (Agrostemma githago)
bleekgeel	a		pale yellow-colored
tgv	n	de · mv. tgv's	high-speed train, high-speed rail
roodbuiktamarin	n	de · mv. roodbuiktamarins	white-lipped tamarin (Saguinus labiatus)
keizertamarin	n	de · mv. keizertamarins	emperor tamarin (Saguinus imperator)
rugbywedstrijd	n	de · mv. rugbywedstrijden	rugby match
Sipaliwini	m		Sipaliwini River (a rivier in Suriname); Sipaliwini District (a district of Suriname)
nieuwigheid	n	de · mv. nieuwigheden	novelty
modulair	a		modular
modulariteit	n	de · mv. modulariteiten	modularity
rechttoe	d		straight ahead
rechtaan	d		straight ahead
leesboek	n	het · mv. leesboeken	A book one is reading, generally recreationally, as opposed to for example a…
oesterzwam	n	de · mv. oesterzwammen	oyster mushroom (any mushroom of the genus Pleurotus); Pleurotus ostreatus
schedelpan	n	de · mv. schedelpannen	The skull, particularly the cranium
kalmoes	n	de	sweet flag (Acorus calamus)
wiskundeles	n	de · mv. wiskundelessen	mathematics lesson
wiskundelerares	n	de · mv. wiskundeleraressen	female mathematics teacher
wiskundeboek	n	het · mv. wiskundeboeken	mathematics book
rugbyteam	n	het · mv. rugbyteams	rugby team
bruiswater	n	het · mv. bruiswaters	sparkling water
streepzaad	n	het · mv. streepzaden	hawksbeard (Crepis spp.)
godverdomd	a		goddamned
paspoortnummer	n	het · mv. paspoortnummers	passport number
kliederen	v	kliederde – gekliederd	to handle a liquid messily; to daub, to stain
handbreedte	n	de · mv. handbreedten	handbreadth
exploratie	n	de · mv. exploraties	synonym of verkenning (“exploration”)
hoogtij	n	het	high tide
morgenmiddag	d		tomorrow afternoon
cessie	n	de · mv. cessies	cessation, of receivables and other materials from debtors to third parties…; assignment (transfer of rights or benefits)
speeltijd	n	de	time for play; playing-time
werktijd	n	de	work time; working hours
teeltijd	n	de	the time used to grow a crop
melkgeit	n	de · mv. melkgeiten	milch goat
melkschaap	n	het · mv. melkschapen	milch sheep
melkbuffel	n	de · mv. melkbuffels	milch buffalo
zaligverklaring	n	de · mv. zaligverklaringen	beatification
yogaleraar	n	de · mv. yogaleraars	yoga teacher
ijskraam	n	de/het · mv. ijskramen	ice cream parlor
voorprogrammeren	v	programmeerde voor – voorgeprogrammeerd	to preprogram (program something in advance); to preprogram (predispose to certain thoughts or behaviours)
hulpbehoevende	n	de · mv. hulpbehoevenden	dependent
hulpbehoevend	a		needy, in need of help
Vanegeren	m		a surname
techboy	n	de · mv. techboys	tech bro
haarfijn	a		very fine, very delicate or subtle
rijksraad	n	de · mv. rijksraden	A royal or imperial council
rekenkracht	n	de · mv. rekenkrachten	computing power, computational power
nabootsing	n	de · mv. nabootsingen	imitation; in the favorable sense of copying or emulating; reproduction
schemerlamp	n	de · mv. schemerlampen	table lamp; specifically, one with a lampshade whose output is no brighter…
rakelen	v	rakelde – gerakeld	to rake
makelen	v	makelde – gemakeld	to broker
schakeren	v	schakeerde – geschakeerd	to alternate
geschakeerd	a		checkered, chequy; having alternating or variegated colors
besmettingsrisico	n	het	risk of contamination or infection
neurodivers	a		neurodiverse
plusteken	n	het · mv. plustekens	plus sign
minteken	n	het · mv. mintekens	minus sign
minusteken	n	het · mv. minustekens	minus sign
plusminusteken	n	het · mv. plusminustekens	plus-minus sign; ±
keerteken	n	het · mv. keertekens	multiplication sign
vermenigvuldigingsteken	n	het · mv. vermenigvuldigingstekens	multiplication sign
vermenigvuldigingsfactor	n	de · mv. vermenigvuldigingsfactoren	multiplication factor
gelijkteken	n	het · mv. gelijktekens	equal sign
isgelijkteken	n	het · mv. isgelijktekens	equal sign
isteken	n	het · mv. istekens	equal sign
keizersboom	n	de · mv. keizersbomen	synonym of Anna Paulownaboom (“princess tree (Paulownia tomentosa)”)
altsaxofoon	n	de · mv. altsaxofoons	alto saxophone
voorwereldlijk	a		from a very long time ago; prehistoric; before the foundation of the world
spoelkom	n	de · mv. spoelkommen	bowl used for washing up; teacup without a handle; a small drinking bowl
kamvaren	n	de · mv. kamvarens	crested buckler fern (Dryopteris cristata)
niervaren	n	de · mv. niervarens	wood fern, buckler fern (Dryopteris spp.)
mannetjesvaren	n	de · mv. mannetjesvarens	male fern (Dryopteris filix-mas)
wijfjesvaren	n	de · mv. wijfjesvarens	lady fern (Athyrium filix-femina)
hoefijzervaren	n	de · mv. hoefijzervarens	northern maidenhair (Adiantum pedatum)
hertshoornvaren	n	de · mv. hertshoornvarens	elkhorn fern, staghorn fern (Platycerium bifurcatum)
petieterig	a		little, small, petite
petieterigheid	n	de	smallness, littleness
guldenteken	n	het · mv. guldentekens	Dutch guilder sign; the symbol ƒ
pondteken	n	het · mv. pondtekens	pound sign; the symbol £
wortelteken	n	het · mv. worteltekens	square root sign, radical sign; the symbol √
procentteken	n	het · mv. procenttekens	percent sign; the symbol %
paragraafteken	n	het · mv. paragraaftekens	section sign; the symbol §
herstellingsteken	n	het · mv. herstellingstekens	natural; the symbol ♮
morsecode	n	de · mv. morsecodes	Morse code
morseteken	n	het · mv. morsetekens	symbol from the Morse code alphabet
decimaalteken	n	het · mv. decimaaltekens	decimal mark (character used to separate the integer and fractional part of…
afbrekingsteken	n	het · mv. afbrekingstekens	synonym of afbreekteken
afbreking	n	de · mv. afbrekingen	interruption, termination; hyphenation
zwangerschapsafbreking	n	de · mv. zwangerschapsafbrekingen	induced abortion
navuil	n	het	afterbirth of an animal; glean
navuilen	v	vuilde na – nagevuild	Of an animal: to deliver its afterbirth or placenta; to glean
witvuil	n	het	white discharge resulting from endometritis in livestock
geëvacueerde	n	de · mv. geëvacueerden	evacuee
oorpijn	n	de · mv. oorpijnen	earache
keukenkast	n	de · mv. keukenkasten	kitchen cabinet
spilfiguur	n	de · mv. spilfiguren	linchpin (person who is critical to a system or organisation)
postviraal	a		postviral
vredesteken	n	het · mv. vredestekens	peace sign (hand gesture of peace, made with the middle finger and index finger); peace sign (symbol consisting of three lines within a circle, originally the…; any symbol signifying peace
peaceteken	n	het · mv. peacetekens	peace sign (hand gesture of peace, made with the middle finger and index finger)
V-teken	n	het · mv. V-tekens	peace sign (hand gesture of peace, made with the middle finger and index finger)
vredessymbool	n	het · mv. vredessymbolen	symbol signifying peace
muntteken	n	het · mv. munttekens	mintmark
muntmeesterteken	n	het · mv. muntmeestertekens	privy mark
muntmeester	n	de · mv. muntmeesters	mintmaster (superintendant of a mint)
essayeren	v	essayeerde – geëssayeerd	to assay (analyze or estimate the composition or value of (a metal, ore etc.))
essayering	n	de · mv. essayeringen	assay (act or process of ascertaining the proportion of a particular metal…
drummen	v	drumde – gedrumd	to drum, to play drums
gitaarles	n	de · mv. gitaarlessen	guitar lesson
herontdekken	v	herontdekte – herontdekt	to rediscover
projectcoördinator	n	de · mv. projectcoördinatoren	project coordinator
opvragen	v	vroeg op – opgevraagd	to request, to claim
vastpakken	v	pakte vast – vastgepakt	to catch, to hold
eindpresentatie	n	de · mv. eindpresentaties	final presentation
ziekenhuiskamer	n	de · mv. ziekenhuiskamers	hospital room
doorontwikkelen	v	ontwikkelde door – doorontwikkeld	to develop further
horrorscenario	n	het · mv. horrorscenario's	horror scenario
afstormen	v	stormde af – afgestormd	to rush, to run at
onopgemerkt	a		unnoticed
binnenslepen	v	sleepte binnen – binnengesleept	to drag into; to tow in; to win
patenttrol	n	de · mv. patenttrollen	patent troll
rechtssysteem	n	het · mv. rechtssystemen	legal system
patentzaak	n	de · mv. patentzaken	patent case
prokaryotisch	a		procaryotic
anonimiseren	v	anonimiseerde – geanonimiseerd	to anonymize
beklemtoning	n	de · mv. beklemtoningen	stress, stress placement
vertering	n	de	digestion
harpoeneren	v	harpoeneerde – geharpoeneerd	to harpoon
blazoen	n	het · mv. blazoenen	blazon
fatsoeneren	v	fatsoeneerde – gefatsoeneerd	to tidy up, make presentable
keurteken	n	het · mv. keurtekens	hallmark (official marking made by a trusted party, usually an assay office,…
gehalteteken	n	het · mv. gehaltetekens	hallmark indicating the purity of the object
kantoorteken	n	het · mv. kantoortekens	hallmark indicating the assay office
meesterteken	n	het · mv. meestertekens	maker's mark; hallmark indicating the manufacturer
kolibrievlinder	n	de · mv. kolibrievlinders	hummingbird hawkmoth (Macroglossum stellatarum)
zwaardkolibrie	n	de · mv. zwaardkolibries	swordbill, sword-billed hummingbird (Ensifera ensifera)
bekisting	n	de · mv. bekistingen	formwork
jaarletter	n	de · mv. jaarletters	hallmark indicating the year of assaying by means of a letter
jaarmerk	n	het · mv. jaarmerken	synonym of jaarletter
jaarteken	n	het · mv. jaartekens	synonym of jaarletter
beeldmerk	n	het · mv. beeldmerken	logo (visual symbol or emblem that acts as a trademark or a means of…
geofysica	n	de	geophysics
zachtaardigheid	n	de	mildness, gentleness
onvermijdelijkheid	n	de · mv. onvermijdelijkheden	inevitability
kopererts	n	het · mv. koperertsen	copper ore
poeroet	n	de	synonym of chocolademelk (“chocolate milk, (hot) cocoa”)
bepakking	n	de · mv. bepakkingen	pack, equipment, gear; that which one has packed for travel, generally…
afzwakking	n	de · mv. afzwakkingen	a weakening
verzwakking	n	de · mv. verzwakkingen	a weakening
afvlakking	n	de · mv. afvlakkingen	smoothening, flattening
monnikenwerk	n	het · mv. monnikenwerken	A monk's work; labor done by a monk; Any labor that requires great patience to be completed
verluchten	v	verluchtte – verlucht	to illuminate; to ventilate
zilvervisje	n	het · mv. zilvervisjes	silverfish
linkerarm	n	de · mv. linkerarmen	left arm
muzikante	n	de · mv. muzikantes	female musician
pretpaal	n	de · mv. pretpalen	a penis; a bottle of beer
zandhaas	n	de · mv. zandhazen	infantryman, foot soldier
stroboscopisch	a		stroboscopic
dossiervreter	n	de · mv. dossiervreters	A politician or public servant who is known to dig deep into specific issues…
krulvaren	n	de · mv. krulvarens	Boston fern (Nephrolepis exaltata)
Bostonvaren	n	de · mv. Bostonvarens	Boston fern (Nephrolepis exaltata)
jandoedel	n	de · mv. jandoedels	loser, weakling; jenever
droedel	n	de · mv. droedels	droodle
droedelen	v	droedelde – gedroedeld	to droodle
poedelen	v	poedelde – gepoedeld	to swim, bathe or play in water
platvloers	a		vulgar (distasteful, uncouth, obscene)
nestvaren	n	de · mv. nestvarens	bird's-nest fern (Asplenium nidus)
venushaar	n	het	maidenhair, Venus hair fern (Adiantum capillus-veneris and similar ferns)
erytropoëtine	n	de	erythropoietin
zeealsem	n	de · mv. zeealsems	sea wormwood (Artemisia maritima)
bankmedewerker	n	de · mv. bankmedewerkers	banker
fotoshop	n	de · mv. fotoshops	photoshop (digitally altered image)
onserieus	a		unserious
serieusheid	n	de	seriousness
seriositeit	n	de · mv. seriositeiten	seriosity, seriousness
bloedserieus	a		completely serious
doodserieus	a		completely serious, deadly serious
lesauto	n	de · mv. lesauto's	learner car
uitentreuren	d		ad nauseam (having been done or repeated so often that it has become…
tussenuit	p		out from between
wasbeurt	n	de · mv. wasbeurten	a wash
boerkini	n	de · mv. boerkini's	burqini
boerkiniverbod	n	het · mv. boerkiniverboden	burqini ban, ban on wearing a burqini
klaarleggen	v	legde klaar – klaargelegd	to get ready or prepare something by putting it in a place
muziekband	n	de · mv. muziekbands	band (group of musicians)
cakewalken	v	cakewalkte – gecakewalkt	to cakewalk (perform the cakewalk dance)
breeduit	d		widely, broadly; extensively, to a great degree
binnenuit	d		only used in van binnenuit
vlakuit	d		synonym of ronduit
ontklinkeren	v	ontklinkerde – ontklinkerd	to remove clinkers from; to unpave; to disemvowel (remove vowels from)
smalbuikje	n	het · mv. smalbuikjes	Any buprestid beetle of the genus Agrilus
mierenjager	n	de · mv. mierenjagers	ant spider, zodariid
reuzenplaneet	n	de · mv. reuzenplaneten	giant planet
grasslang	n	de · mv. grasslangen	green snake (Opheodrys spp.)
hiken	v	hikete – gehiket	to hike (take a long walk for pleasure or exercise)
haarnet	n	het · mv. haarnetten	hairnet
haargel	n	de/het · mv. haargels	hair gel
dierenverblijf	n	het · mv. dierenverblijven	animal enclosure
gereedhouden	v	hield gereed – gereedgehouden	to have/get/keep/be ready
bekbedekker	n	de · mv. bekbedekkers	face mask
scherptediepte	n	de · mv. scherptediepten	depth of field
kwari	n	de · mv. kwari's	collective name for several species of shrubs and trees in the family…
gedragsstoornis	n	de · mv. gedragsstoornissen	behavioural disorder
goejave	n	de · mv. goejaves	synonym of guave (“guava (Psidium guajava)”)
beeldwit	n	de · mv. beeldwitten	a kind of good female spirit; any mythological female creature, such as elves or witches; a sleepwalker
mastiekboom	n	de · mv. mastiekbomen	mastic, mastic tree (the species Pistacia lentiscus)
inzinken	v	zonk in – ingezonken	to sink into something else; to sink in (become completely known, felt, or understood)
Belgisch-Congo	m		Belgian Congo (a former Belgian colony in Central Africa, existing from 1908…
neerhouder	n	de · mv. neerhouders	kicking strap, boom vang
kraanlijn	n	de · mv. kraanlijnen	topping lift
notoir	a		notorious
zekersteweten	d		surely, definitely, for sure
plunje	n	de	gear taken on a journey, particularly clothing
zeelathyrus	n	de · mv. zeelathyrussen	sea pea, sea vetchling (Lathyrus japonicus)
aanschakelen	v	schakelde aan – aangeschakeld	to turn on, to switch on, to activate, to enable (a machine or a device)
zondagmiddag	n	de · mv. zondagmiddagen	Sunday afternoon
gezwam	n	het	babble, idle talk, twaddle
Sicco	m		a male given name
kassian	i		what a pity, too bad
zwanenhalsmossel	n	de · mv. zwanenhalsmossels	geoduck, a species of clam (Panopea generosa)
godbetert	i		for heaven's sake, for God's sake
landvast	n	de · mv. landvasten	hawser
diuretisch	a		diuretic
diureticum	n	het · mv. diuretica	diuretic
volschip	n	het · mv. volschepen	full-rigged ship
reuzenkraak	n	de · mv. reuzenkraken	giant Pacific octopus (Enteroctopus dofleini)
vorstenland	n	het · mv. vorstenlanden	princely state; one of four nominally autonomous territories in Central Java administered by…
pizza-avond	n	de · mv. pizza-avonden	pizza party
buskaartje	n	het · mv. buskaartjes	bus ticket
buskaart	n	de · mv. buskaarten	bus ticket; bus map
theaterstuk	n	het · mv. theaterstukken	play (artistic genre in which actors enact a story in front of a live audience)
stadsgids	n	het · mv. stadsgidsen	city guide (a person or a book)
incastern	n	de · mv. incasterns	Inca tern (Larosterna inca)
busticket	n	de/het · mv. bustickets	bus ticket
afkruiden	v	kruidde af – afgekruid	To finish a dish by adding seasoning to it
zwartbuikfluiteend	n	de · mv. zwartbuikfluiteenden	black-bellied whistling duck (Dendrocygna autumnalis)
triggeren	v	triggerde – getriggerd	to trigger
zaterdagmiddag	n	de · mv. zaterdagmiddagen	Saturday afternoon
Buurma	m		Buurma: a surname
honderdjarig	a		centenary
taxirit	n	de · mv. taxiritten	taxi ride
wegbeschrijving	n	de · mv. wegbeschrijvingen	directions (driving); route description; itinerary
kleinsteeds	a		small-town, provincial
grootsteeds	a		urban
pijnstillend	a		pain-relieving, painkilling
kunststuk	n	het · mv. kunststukken	work of art
stadsplein	n	het · mv. stadspleinen	city square (usually main square)
fophef	n	de	fuss about a trivial or nonexistent issue, especially in mainstream media
zelfscannen	v	zelfscande – gezelfscand	to self-scan
zelfscan	n	de · mv. zelfscans	self-scan
zelfscanner	n	de · mv. zelfscanners	hand-held self-scan device
zelfscankassa	n	de · mv. zelfscankassa's	self-checkout
zelfscansysteem	n	het · mv. zelfscansystemen	self-scan system
fruitsalade	n	de · mv. fruitsalades	fruit salad
longkruid	n	het	lungwort (Pulmonaria spp.)
ver-van-mijn-bedshow	n	de · mv. ver-van-mijn-bedshows	a usually important event (or events) that the speaker considers irrelevant…
ver-van-je-bedshow	n	de · mv. ver-van-je-bedshows	synonym of ver-van-mijn-bedshow
voorzanger	n	de · mv. voorzangers	cantor; chazzan
lodderig	a		drowsy, sleepy
lodderigheid	n	de	drowsiness, sleepiness
lodderen	v	lodderde – gelodderd	to drowse
desgelijks	d		likewise
V-hals	n	de · mv. V-halzen	V-neck
heggenwikke	n	de · mv. heggenwikkes	bush vetch (Vicia sepium)
ringelwikke	n	de · mv. ringelwikkes	tiny vetch (Vicia hirsuta)
librije	n	de · mv. librijen	monastic library
geitenbaard	n	de · mv. geitenbaarden	goat's-beard (Aruncus dioicus)
muurnavel	n	de · mv. muurnavels	navelwort (Umbilicus rupestris)
waternavel	n	de · mv. waternavels	pennywort, water pennywort (Hydrocotyle spp.)
spionagenetwerk	n	het · mv. spionagenetwerken	spy ring
museaal	a		museal (of or pertaining to museums)
musealiseren	v	musealiseerde – gemusealiseerd	to turn into a museum artifact (usually with the connotation that the object…; to turn into a museum
musealisering	n	de	act or process of museumizing
musealiteit	n	de	museality
onmuseaal	a		not museal
openluchtmuseum	n	het · mv. openluchtmusea	open-air museum
bruiloftsdag	n	de · mv. bruiloftsdagen	wedding day
trouwfeest	n	het · mv. trouwfeesten	wedding reception
reflexief	a		reflexive (mostly in grammar terms like reflexive verb); reflective, contemplative
afzienbaar	a		foreseeable
seizoensgebonden	a		seasonal
heksenboter	n	de	scrambled egg slime mold (Fuligo septica)
tonderzwam	n	de · mv. tonderzwammen	any fungus used as tinder; hoof fungus, tinder fungus (Fomes fomentarius)
blaaskakerig	a		windbaggy, blowhard-like
bossalie	n	de	woodland sage, blue sage (Salvia nemorosa)
boskalkoen	n	de · mv. boskalkoenen	Australian brush-turkey, bush turkey, scrub turkey (Alectura lathami)
liefdegras	n	het · mv. liefdegrassen	love grass (Eragrostis spp.)
smelleken	n	het · mv. smellekens	merlin (Falco columbarius)
atletisch	a		athletic
vorkstaartmeeuw	n	de · mv. vorkstaartmeeuwen	Sabine's gull (Xema sabini)
knolselderij	n	de · mv. knolselderijen	celeriac, celery root (Apium graveolens var. rapaceum, a vegetable)
impulsief	a		impulsive
impulsiviteit	n	de	impulsivity
slangenwortel	n	de · mv. slangenwortels	bog arum, marsh calla (Calla palustris)
grondster	n	de · mv. grondsterren	Illecebrum verticillatum, a plant in the carnation family
geratel	n	het	rattling
evolutiebiologie	n	de	evolutionary biology
esculaapslang	n	de · mv. esculaapslangen	Aesculapian snake (Zamenis longissimus)
regenboogboa	n	de · mv. regenboogboa's	rainbow boa (Epicrates cenchria)
plausibiliteit	n	de	plausibility
mierik	n	de · mv. mieriken	horseradish (Armoracia rusticana)
materiaalkunde	n	de	materials science
krachtsport	n	de · mv. krachtsporten	Any sport in which strength is of paramount importance, as opposed to sports…
nevelachtig	a		nebulous
nebuleus	a		nebulous
bubbelen	v	bubbelde – gebubbeld	to bubble, froth
kalmering	n	de	calming
inpalmen	v	palmde in – ingepalmd	to take over; to butter up, take in, hoodwink
evenbeeld	n	het · mv. evenbeelden	counterpart, likeness; spitting image
prijzig	a		pricey, costly
ongerechtigheid	n	de · mv. ongerechtigheden	injustice, iniquity
gerechtig	a		just, fair
ongerechtig	a		unjust, unfair
onrechtvaardig	a		unjust, unfair
kontgat	n	het · mv. kontgaten	butthole, anus
hoornblad	n	het	coontail, hornwort (plant of genus Ceratophyllum)
platbuik	n	de · mv. platbuiken	broad-bodied chaser (Libellula depressa)
zoötomie	n	de · mv. zoötomieën	zootomy
beenmergpunctie	n	de · mv. beenmergpuncties	bone marrow examination
punctie	n	de · mv. puncties	puncture
vruchtwaterpunctie	n	de · mv. vruchtwaterpuncties	amniocentesis (procedure for obtaining amniotic fluid)
punctueel	a		punctual
bergkat	n	de · mv. bergkatten	Any cat living in the mountains; Andean cat (Leopardus jacobitus)
terroriseren	v	terroriseerde – geterroriseerd	to terrorize
Ronse	m		Renaix (a town and municipality in East Flanders, Belgium); a surname
smoelwerk	n	het · mv. smoelwerken	mug, face
topambtenaar	n	de · mv. topambtenaren	high-ranking civil servant
offergave	n	de · mv. offergaven	sacrificial offering (to a deity)
reukoffer	n	het · mv. reukoffers	incense offering
collegegeld	n	het	tuition fees
studiegeld	n	het	tuition fees
wieuw	i		wee woo expression imitating the sound of a siren
plaspauze	n	de · mv. plaspauzes	bathroom break, pit stop
ompraten	v	praatte om – omgepraat	to talk over, talk into, persuade
doorluchtig	a		illustrious, august, serene (honorific, mostly used of nobility)
dovemansoor	n	het · mv. dovemansoren	The ear of a deaf man
bloedlust	n	de	synonym of bloeddorst
moederschoot	n	de · mv. moederschoten	a mother's lap; a mother's womb
spraakmemo	n	de · mv. spraakmemo's	voice message, voice memo
methodologie	n	de · mv. methodologieën	methodology
methodiek	n	de · mv. methodieken	methodology
badhanddoek	n	de · mv. badhanddoeken	bath towel
fietsenmaker	n	de · mv. fietsenmakers	bicycle seller and repairman
gekmakend	a		maddening
onverdoofd	a		unanesthetized
doorgewinterd	a		experienced
ogentroost	n	de · mv. ogentroosten	eyebright (Euphrasia spp.) and certain other similar plants of the family…
stijfkop	n	de · mv. stijfkoppen	a stubborn person
stijfkoppig	a		stubborn, obstinate
stijfkoppigheid	n	de	stubbornness, obstinacy
zuiverheidsgraad	n	de · mv. zuiverheidsgraden	degree of purity
ontzegging	n	de · mv. ontzeggingen	suspension, disqualification, denial
streberig	a		tryhard-like
ondoorgrondelijkheid	n	de	inscrutability
mijnspin	n	de · mv. mijnspinnen	purseweb spider (spider of family Atypidae)
koffieboonspin	n	de · mv. koffieboonspinnen	rabbit hutch spider (Steatoda bipunctata)
brugspin	n	de · mv. brugspinnen	bridge spider (Larinioides sclopetarius)
komkommerspin	n	de · mv. komkommerspinnen	cucumber spider (Araniella spp.)
kameleonspin	n	de · mv. kameleonspinnen	goldenrod crab spider (Misumena vatia)
kogelspin	n	de · mv. kogelspinnen	A cobweb spider; any spider of the family Theridiidae
tandkaak	n	de · mv. tandkaken	Any spider of genus Enoplognatha
steatoda	n	de · mv. steatoda's	Any spider of genus Steatoda
opaalstern	n	de · mv. opaalsterns	white tern (Gygis alba)
ikstern	n	de · mv. iksterns	synonym of visdief (“common tern”)
kassière	n	de · mv. kassières	female cashier
kassier	n	de · mv. kassiers	male cashier
goudmerel	n	de · mv. goudmerels	synonym of wielewaal (“golden oriole”)
aardzwaluw	n	de · mv. aardzwaluwen	synonym of oeverzwaluw (“sand martin”)
butoor	n	de · mv. butoren	synonym of roerdomp (“Eurasian bittern”)
veldeling	n	de · mv. veldelingen	A rural person; rustic, peasant
treitervlogger	n	de · mv. treitervloggers	a vlogger who records themselves or their friends engaging in bullying or…
zeedruif	n	de · mv. zeedruiven	sea-gooseberry (Pleurobrachia pileus)
hoorbaarheid	n	de	audibility
levensmoeheid	n	de	world-weariness
zwijgzaamheid	n	de	taciturnity
spraakzaamheid	n	de	talkativeness
treiter	n	de · mv. treiters	traitor; bully, tormentor
vloggen	v	vlogde – gevlogd	to vlog
verdorring	n	de	withering
ontlezing	n	de	The decline in literacy and the popularity of print media (particularly books)
overwaarderen	v	overwaardeerde – overwaardeerd	to overvalue
overwaardering	n	de	overvaluation
legenestsyndroom	n	het	empty nest syndrome
heuvelop	d		uphill
schaafstro	n	het	rough horsetail, scouring rush (Equisetum hyemale)
aanraakbaar	a		touchable, tangible; approachable, accessible
onaanraakbaar	a		untouchable (not able to be touched); untouchable (not able to be defeated or bested)
onaanraakbare	n	de · mv. onaanraakbaren	untouchable (member of the lowest and most discriminated caste in…
stemgerechtigd	a		eligible to vote
kiesgerechtigd	a		electable; eligible to be elected
kiesgerechtigde	n	de · mv. kiesgerechtigden	electable (person who is able or fit to be elected to office)
pensioengerechtigd	a		entitled to a pension
pensioengerechtigde	n	de · mv. pensioengerechtigden	person who is entitled to a pension
menstrueren	v	mesntrueerde – gemesntrueerd	to menstruate (undergo menstruation)
drakenbloed	n	het	dragon's blood (the blood of a dragon); dragon's blood (red resin obtained from various plants)
drakenbloedboom	n	het	A dragon tree, particularly Dracaena draco and Dracaena cinnabari
logaritmisch	a		logarithmic
mindering	n	de · mv. minderingen	reduction; decrease
onaantastbaar	a		synonym of onaanraakbaar (“untouchable”)
modderbad	n	het · mv. modderbaden	mud bath
aantastbaar	a		touchable, affectable
modderig	a		muddy (covered or splashed with, or full of, mud)
mouwloos	a		sleeveless (having no sleeves)
modificatie	n	de · mv. modificaties	modification
piepschuimen	a		made of styrofoam
wasverzachter	n	de · mv. wasverzachters	fabric softener
foltering	n	de · mv. folteringen	torture, torment
pijniging	n	de · mv. pijnigingen	torture, torment
zandspiering	n	de · mv. zandspieringen	lesser sand eel (Ammodytes tobianus)
ongevraagd	a		unasked
schakering	n	de · mv. schakeringen	hue, shade, tint
geschelpt	a		scalloped, scaled
geschubd	a		scaled
humorloos	a		humorless
geldnood	n	de	need of money; financial trouble
woningnood	n	de	housing shortage
dochteronderneming	n	de · mv. dochterondernemingen	subsidiary company
galgenmaal	n	het · mv. galgenmalen	last meal (final meal of one condemned to die)
bloedverlies	n	het	blood loss
verdorvenheid	n	de · mv. verdorvenheden	corruption, decadence; an act or instance of corruption or decadence
zwierig	a		dapper, dashing, jaunty, elegant
vraagbaak	n	de · mv. vraagbaken	someone knowledgeable on a given subject, who is willing and able to answer…
escaperoom	n	de · mv. escaperooms	escape room
gebruikerservaring	n	de · mv. gebruikerservaringen	user experience
beschamend	a		shameful, disgraceful
dorpel	n	de · mv. dorpels	synonym of drempel
sportwedstrijd	n	de · mv. sportwedstrijden	sports match
soapserie	n	de · mv. soapseries	soap opera
onwrikbaar	a		unshakable, firm
schoonheidsslaap	n	de	beauty sleep
maankoek	n	de · mv. maankoeken	mooncake (Chinese pastry)
kukelen	v	kukelde – gekukeld	to tumble, fall
inkukelen	v	kukelde in – ingekukeld	to tumble or fall into
inkukel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inkukelen
zenegroen	n	het	ajuga, bugleweed (Ajuga spp.)
opperdoes	n	de · mv. opperdoezen	synonym of Opperdoezer Ronde (“a variety of potato”)
diëtetiek	n	de	dietetics
diëtetisch	a		dietetic
diëtisch	a		dietary
diëter	n	de · mv. diëters	dieter
schaakleraar	n	de · mv. schaakleraars	chess teacher
netwants	n	de · mv. netwantsen	lace bug (Tingidae spp.)
niet-roker	n	de · mv. niet-rokers	non-smoker, one who does not smoke
vuilboom	n	de · mv. vuilbomen	synonym of sporkehout (“alder buckthorn”)
vertiktokken	v	vertiktokte – vertiktokt	to TikTokify; to adapt to TikTok
vertiktokking	n	de	TikTokification
ontzamelen	v	ontzamelde – ontzameld	to deaccession, to remove from a collection; to deacquisition
ontzameling	n	de	deaccessioning, deacquisitioning
godskolere	i		goddamn, holy fuck
anadroom	a		anadromous (of marine fish: breeding in freshwater)
lapzwans	n	de · mv. lapzwansen	good-for-nothing, layabout
breezerslet	n	de · mv. breezersletten	a slut, particularly one who can be seduced with free alcohol
breezerseks	n	de	sex in exchange for alcohol
stuurloos	a		rudderless, adrift, out of control
aardbeientaart	n	de · mv. aardbeientaarten	strawberry pie, strawberry tart
perentaart	n	de · mv. perentaarten	pear pie, pear tart
Sweder	m		a male given name
andijviestamppot	n	de · mv. andijviestamppotten	A variety of stamppot (a Dutch mashed potato dish) with endive
stimpstamp	n	de	synonym of andijviestamppot
staalslak	n	de · mv. staalslakken	steel slag
horoscoop	n	de · mv. horoscopen	horoscope
gyroscoop	n	de · mv. gyroscopen	gyroscope
gyroscopisch	a		gyroscopic
tevredene	n	de · mv. tevredenen	satisfied person
ontevredene	n	de · mv. ontevredenen	dissatisfied person
tevredenstellen	v	stelde tevreden – tevredengesteld	to satisfy
meeroken	v	rookte mee – meegerookt	to inhale smoke from a nearby smoker
oproken	v	rookte op – opgerookt	to completely consume [a cigarette, pipe, etc.] by smoking
versvoet	n	de · mv. versvoeten	metrical foot
laveloos	a		drunk to the point of blackout or stupor; wasted
laveloosheid	n	de	drunk stupor
Paradys	m		The star α Apodis in the constellation Apus
Lang-Exster	m		The star α Tucanae in the constellation Tucana
Sterrennacht	m		A painting by Vincent van Gogh; The star HAT-P-6 in the constellation Andromeda
hoofdredactie	n	de · mv. hoofdredactie's	editor-in-chief
eindredactie	n	de · mv. eindredactie's	final editing
verzorgingshuis	n	het · mv. verzorgingshuizen	rest home, nursing home (small-scale, home-like place of residence that…
neerzitten	v	zat neer – neergezeten	to sit down
zuurbes	n	de · mv. zuurbessen	common barberry (Berberis vulgaris)
mahonie	n	het	mahogany (wood of trees of genus Swietenia, particularly Swietenia mahagoni); Oregon grape (Berberis aquifolium syn. Mahonia aquifolium)
perverteren	v	perverteerde – geperverteerd	to pervert, to corrupt
afbakken	v	bakte af – afgebakken	to bake
laattijdig	a		belated
Wervik	m		Wervik (a city in West Flanders, Flanders, Belgium)
Obbrussel	m		Saint-Gilles (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region, Belgium)
Sint-Gillis-Obbrussel	m		Saint-Gilles (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region, Belgium)
pagnot	n	de · mv. pagnotten	A mercenary from the Southern Netherlands employed by Austria
cichlide	n	de · mv. cichliden	cichlid (fish of family Cichlidae)
muilbroeder	n	de · mv. muilbroeders	mouthbrooder
serpeling	n	de · mv. serpelingen	dace (Leuciscus leuciscus)
snipverkouden	a		strongly afflicted with a cold
Pajots	a		of, from or relating to Pajottenland; Of or pertaining to the Pajottenlandic dialects; Of or pertaining to native or inhabitant of the Pajottenland
Pajots	m		The Dutch dialects spoken in the Pajottenland
vlotvaren	n	de · mv. vlotvarens	Any fern of the family Salviniaceae, particularly the watermosses (Salvinia…
Pajot	n	de · mv. Pajotten	native or inhabitant of Pajottenland
addertong	n	de · mv. addertongen	adder's tongue (fern of genus Ophioglossum); synonym of gewone addertong (“Ophioglossum vulgatum”)
zalver	n	de · mv. zalvers	salver (one who anoints)
dalver	n	de · mv. dalvers	beggar, vagabond
struisvaren	n	de · mv. struisvarens	ostrich fern (Matteuccia struthiopteris)
teuten	v	teutte – geteut	to tarry, dawdle; to chatter, babble
dauwbraam	n	de · mv. dauwbramen	dewberry (Rubus caesius)
koningsboleet	n	de · mv. koningsboleten	royal bolete (Butyriboletus regius syn. Boletus regius); synonym of kruisdisteloesterzwam (“king trumpet mushroom”)
kruisdisteloesterzwam	n	de · mv. kruisdisteloesterzwammen	king trumpet mushroom, king oyster mushroom (Pleurotus eryngii)
kruisdistel	n	de · mv. kruisdistels	eryngium, eryngo, sea holly (plant of genus Eryngium); field eryngo, Watling Street thistle (Eryngium campestre)
crushen	v	crushte – gecrusht	to crush (press between two hard objects); to crush (reduce to fine particles by pounding or grinding)
fietssnelweg	n	de · mv. fietssnelwegen	bicycle highway
doorfietsen	v	fietste door – doorgefietst	to keep on cycling; to cycle at pace, cycle steadily
afstotelijk	a		repulsive
afstotendheid	n	de	repulsiveness
afstotelijkheid	n	de	repulsiveness
afstap	n	de · mv. afstappen	downwards step; small drop that requires one step to descend
afstap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of afstappen
Evere	m		Evere (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region, Belgium)
leugenpers	n	de	Lügenpresse
lafbek	n	de · mv. lafbekken	coward
afsplitsen	v	splitste af – afgesplitst	to secede; to split off, separate
Diemer	a		of, from or pertaining to Diemen
uitspreekbaar	a		pronounceable
onuitspreekbaarheid	n	de	unpronounceability
uitspreekbaarheid	n	de	pronounceability
aanspreekbaar	a		capable of being talked to, physically or mentally; having come to one's senses; approachable, amenable
opzien	v	zag op – opgezien	to look upwards; to raise one's eyes; to look up to
opzien	n	het	attention
omhoogkijken	v	keek omhoog – omhooggekeken	to look upwards
eindspel	n	het · mv. eindspellen	endgame; endgame (final stage of a process)
middenspel	n	het · mv. middenspellen	middlegame
controleur	n	de · mv. controleurs	inspector; controller
Kiekefretter	n	het · mv. Kiekefretters	native or inhabitant of Brussels
traumahelikopter	n	de · mv. traumahelikopters	air ambulance helicopter
rotondekunst	n	de	art placed at the center of a roundabout or traffic circle
stressfactor	n	de · mv. stressfactoren	stressor
stresseren	v	stresseerde – gestresseerd	to stress (apply emotional pressure to); to be stressed
gestresseerd	a		synonym of gestrest (“stressed”)
stresserend	a		stress-inducing
stressbestendig	a		stress-resistant; able to handle stress
stressbestendigheid	n	de	stress-resistance; ability to handle stress
stressgerelateerd	a		stress-related
kasserol	n	de · mv. kasserollen	casserole, saucepan
Stratego	m		Stratego
gemoedsrust	n	de	peace of mind
proleptisch	a		proleptic
analeptisch	a		analeptic
strategoën	v	strategode – gestrategood	to play Stratego
stressgevoelig	a		sensitive to stress
stressgevoeligheid	n	de	sensitivity to stress
stressvrij	a		stressfree
stressloos	a		stressless, stressfree
stressverlagend	a		reducing stress
kruldistel	n	de · mv. kruldistels	curly plumeless thistle (Carduus crispus)
ongewapend	a		unarmed
zwans	n	de · mv. zwansen	tail; penis
Timmerfrans	m		nickname for Frans Timmermans
Jetten	m		a surname
Eerdmans	m		a surname
Pechtold	m		a surname
Dassen	m		a surname
Siebrand	m		a male given name
Siebrant	m		a male given name
Sybrand	m		a male given name
Sybrant	m		a male given name
Sibrand	m		a male given name
Sibrant	m		a male given name
tandartstechniek	n	de	dentistry; fact of consistently announcing what one is about to do to put other people…
elzenhaantje	n	het · mv. elzenhaantjes	alder leaf beetle (Agelastica alni)
struikhaantje	n	het · mv. struikhaantjes	white-browed tit-warbler (Leptopoecile sophiae)
fabricaat	n	het · mv. fabricaten	product (something that is produced)
superlatief	n	het · mv. superlatieven	superlative degree
halffabricaat	n	het · mv. halffabricaten	intermediate good
geschiedenisleraar	n	de · mv. geschiedenisleraars	history teacher
geschiedenisles	n	de · mv. geschiedenislessen	history lesson
autoprobleem	n	het · mv. autoproblemen	breakdown (mechanical failure) of a car
aardrijkskundelerares	n	de · mv. aardrijkskundeleraressen	female geography teacher
ijdeltuit	n	de · mv. ijdeltuiten	fop, peacock, vain person
flikkerij	n	de	faggotry
leefruimte	n	de · mv. leefruimten	living space
vluchtnummer	n	het · mv. vluchtnummers	flight number
overnachting	n	de · mv. overnachtingen	overnight stay
opkikker	n	de · mv. opkikkers	pick-me-up (something that improves one's mood)
opkikker	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opkikkeren
stoofpeer	n	de · mv. stoofperen	any pear that needs to be stewed before it is fit for consumption
handpeer	n	de · mv. handperen	any pear that can be eaten raw
handbereik	n	het	arm's reach
geluimd	a		disposed
kwetteren	v	kwetterde – gekwetterd	to twitter, chatter, chirp, gaggle
tetteren	v	tetterde – getetterd	to chatter loudly, gaggle, blare, repeatedly produce loud noises
schetteren	v	schetterde – geschetterd	to chatter or laugh loudly, gaggle, blare, repeatedly produce loud noises
gekwetter	n	het	chatter, chirping, gaggling
babbelkont	n	de · mv. babbelkonten	chatterbox
kletskont	n	de · mv. kletskonten	chatterbox
kwebbelkont	n	de · mv. kwebbelkonten	chatterbox
getetter	n	het	loud chattering noises, gaggling, blaring
geschetter	n	het	loud chattering noises, gaggling, blaring
vissig	a		fishy, fish-like
repliek	n	de · mv. replieken	reply, retort, rejoinder
compartimenteren	v	compartimenteerde – gecompartimenteerd	to compartmentalize
compartimentering	n	de · mv. compartimenteringen	compartmentalization
logee	n	de · mv. logees	a (female) overnight guest
bietser	n	de · mv. bietsers	scrounger, bum
onderkruiper	n	de · mv. onderkruipers	sneakish and servile person, wily bootlicker; scab (strikebreaker)
stakingsbreker	n	de · mv. stakingsbrekers	strikebreaker
stekkerauto	n	de · mv. stekkerauto's	electric car
veelkoppig	a		many-headed; consisting of many people
kartouw	n	de/het · mv. kartouwen	a type of early modern cannon
blaasvaren	n	de · mv. blaasvarens	common fragile fern (Cystopteris fragilis)
averuit	n	de	southernwood (Artemisia abrotanum)
citroenkruid	n	de	southernwood (Artemisia abrotanum); synonym of citroenmelisse (“lemon balm”)
beerlook	n	de	synonym of daslook (“bear leek”)
beduusd	a		bewildered, taken aback
averoon	n	de	synonym of averuit (“southernwood”)
codenaam	n	de · mv. codenamen	code name
cinnaber	n	het	cinnabar, cinnabarite (mineral); cinnabar, vermilion (color)
macaber	a		macabre
oprolpissebed	n	de · mv. oprolpissebedden	roly-poly (woodlouse which can roll into a ball)
koffiezaak	n	de · mv. koffiezaken	coffeehouse, café
pamperen	v	pamperde – gepamperd	to pamper, mollycoddle
troetelen	v	vertroetelde – vertroeteld	to cuddle, to caress; to flatter, to pander; to coddle, to spoil
laatkomer	n	de · mv. laatkomers	latecomer
ruiterlijk	a		frank, honorable
volgaarne	d		very gladly
hoofdprijs	n	de · mv. hoofdprijzen	first prize, grand prize; a high price, a prohibitive cost, a premium
hippisch	a		equestrian, hippic
mesties	n	de · mv. mestiezen	mestizo (person of mixed ancestry, especially one of Spanish and Native…; hybrid, crossbreed
tercerone	n	de · mv. terceronen	terceroon
quarterone	n	de · mv. quarteronen	quadroon
quinterone	n	de · mv. quinteronen	quintroon
liplap	n	de · mv. liplappen	synonym of Indo (“person of partially native Indonesian and partially…; coconut heart
groentechips	n		vegetable chips
ontmoetingsplaats	n	de · mv. ontmoetingsplaatsen	meeting place
verzamelplaats	n	de · mv. verzamelplaatsen	gathering place
waterglijbaan	n	de · mv. waterglijbanen	water slide
linkerschoen	n	de · mv. linkerschoenen	left shoe
ontsnappingsroute	n	de · mv. ontsnappingsrouten	escape route
huiliehuilie	i		boo-hoo (interjection used to mock someone whining or crying)
zoetwaterkwal	n	de · mv. zoetwaterkwallen	Any jellyfish found in fresh water; peach blossom jellyfish, freshwater jellyfish (Craspedacusta sowerbii)
paardenvlees	n	het	horsemeat
stokpaard	n	het · mv. stokpaarden	hobby horse (children's toy); hobby horse (topic someone loves to talk about)
parelkwal	n	de · mv. parelkwallen	mauve stinger (Pelagia noctiluca)
schijfkwal	n	de · mv. schijfkwallen	true jellyfish (Scyphozoa spp.)
bloemkoolkwal	n	de · mv. bloemkoolkwallen	barrel jellyfish (Rhizostoma pulmo)
zeepaddenstoel	n	de · mv. zeepaddenstoelen	synonym of bloemkoolkwal (“barrel jellyfish”)
breuklijn	n	de · mv. breuklijnen	fault line, fracture, fissure
handbeweging	n	de · mv. handbewegingen	hand motion; motion or act performed with the hand; hand gesture
poliep	n	de · mv. poliepen	polyp (abnormal growth); polyp (cylindrical coelenterate; sessile life-stage of many cnidarians)
hydroïdpoliep	n	de · mv. hydroïdpoliepen	hydrozoan
bezaantje	n	het · mv. bezaantjes	by-the-wind sailor, velella (Velella velella)
zeilkwal	n	de · mv. zeilkwallen	synonym of bezaantje (“by-the-wind sailor; velella”)
kruiskwal	n	de · mv. kruiskwallen	clinging jellyfish (Gonionemus vertens)
sterfelijkheid	n	de	mortality
morielje	n	de · mv. morieljes	morel (fungus of genus Morchella); synonym of gewone morielje (“common morel”)
chanoekilje	n	de · mv. chanoekiljes	synonym of chanoekia
chanoekia	n	de · mv. chanoekiot	hanukkiah
spellenavond	n	de · mv. spellenavonden	games night
rugbyclub	n	de · mv. rugbyclubs	rugby club
medechristen	n	de · mv. medechristenen	fellow Christian
wijnoffer	n	het · mv. wijnoffers	wine offering
zondeoffer	n	het · mv. zondeoffers	sin offering
kettingsteek	n	de · mv. kettingsteken	chain stitch
pneumatofoor	n	de · mv. pneumatoforen	pneumatophore (gas-filled float used by some coelenterates); pneumatophore (type of aerial root)
haaknaald	n	de · mv. haaknaalden	crochet hook
haaksteek	n	de · mv. haaksteken	crochet stitch
haakpen	n	de · mv. haakpennen	crochet hook
haakgaren	n	het · mv. haakgarens	crochet yarn
haakpatroon	n	het · mv. haakpatronen	crochet pattern
haakwerk	n	het · mv. haakwerken	product made by crocheting; crochetwork
tennisleraar	n	de · mv. tennisleraren	tennis teacher
tennisclub	n	de · mv. tennisclubs	tennis club
hartendief	n	de · mv. hartendieven	sweetheart, cutie
pneumatoloog	n	de · mv. pneumatologen	pneumatologist
pneumatolyse	n	de	pneumatolysis
stramien	n	het · mv. stramienen	course fabric used as a base for embroidery; pattern, framework
judasoor	n	het · mv. judasoren	wood ear (fungus of genus Auricularia)
anestheticum	n	het · mv. anesthetica	anesthetic
anesthesioloog	n	de · mv. anesthesiologen	anesthesiologist
anesthesiologie	n	de	anesthesiology
kretologie	n	de · mv. kretologieën	sloganeering
kretoloog	n	de · mv. kretologen	sloganeer
kamperfoelie	n	de · mv. kamperfoelies	honeysuckle (Lonicera spp.)
meerderen	v	meerderde – gemeerderd	to increase; to perform an increase
meerdering	n	de · mv. meerderingen	increase
blauwtipje	n	het · mv. blauwtipjes	crested aeolis (Antiopella cristata)
harlekijnslak	n	de · mv. harlekijnslakken	Polycera quadrilineata, a nudibranch
vogelspinachtig	a		tarantula-like
vogelspinachtige	n	de · mv. vogelspinachtigen	mygalomorph spider (spider of infraorder Mygalomorphae)
reductiedeling	n	de · mv. reductiedelingen	meiosis
kiemblad	n	het · mv. kiembladeren	germ layer
kiemlaag	n	het · mv. kiemlagen	basal layer; germ layer
synecologie	n	de	synecology
ontogenese	n	de	ontogenesis
fylogenetisch	a		phylogenetic
fylogenie	n	de	phylogeny
tinderen	v	tinderde – getinderd	to Tinder (to use the dating application Tinder)
rijpingsdeling	n	de · mv. rijpingsdelingen	meiosis
gameet	n	de · mv. gameten	synonym of geslachtscel (“gamete”)
geslachtscel	n	de · mv. geslachtscellen	gamete
kiemcel	n	de · mv. kiemcellen	synonym of geslachtscel (“gamete”)
paringstype	n	het · mv. paringstypen	mating type
zoöxanthel	n	de · mv. zoöxanthellen	zooxanthella (symbiontic photosynthetic dinoflagellate)
mangrovekwal	n	de · mv. mangrovekwallen	upside-down jellyfish (Cassiopea xamachana)
ingenieus	a		ingenious
meeslepend	a		immersive, compelling
zelfste	d		synonym of zelfde
vunzig	a		dirty, indecent, lewd
alpijns	a		alpine (of or relating to high mountains); alpine (of or relating to slalom or downhill skiing)
determineren	v	determineerde – gedetermineerd	to determine; to identify a species
fotovoltaïsch	a		photovoltaic
voltaïsch	a		voltaic
roodkokend	a		that turns red when cooked (mostly said of pears)
droogvoer	n	het	dry food
natvoer	n	het	wet food
nieuwbakken	a		freshly baked; new, young, fresh, just started
koebi	n	de · mv. koebi's	Plagioscion surinamensis (a species of freshwater ray-finned fish)
tesjoeva	n	de	teshuva (penitence)
paranoot	n	de · mv. paranoten	brazil nut
gelijkgestemd	a		like-minded, congenial
gelijkgestemde	n	de · mv. gelijkgestemden	like-minded person
gelijkgestemdheid	n	de	like-mindedness, congeniality
oudbakken	a		stale (no longer fresh); stale, clichéd, old-fashioned
voorstemmen	v	stemde voor – voorgestemd	to vote in favor
tegenstemmen	v	stemde tegen – tegengestemd	to vote against
meestemmen	v	stemde mee – meegestemd	to participate in a vote (primarily an election); to vote the same as someone else
herstemmen	v	herstemde – herstemd	to vote again, to revote; to retune
stadsplattegrond	n	de · mv. stadsplattegronden	city map
stadskaart	n	de · mv. stadskaarten	city map
hsjoema	n	de	shame, embarrassment
hsjoema	i		shame; interjection expressing disapproval or disgust
digibetisme	n	de	digital illiteracy
voorstem	n	de · mv. voorstemmen	vote in favor
voorstem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of voorstemmen
tegenstem	n	de · mv. tegenstemmen	vote not in favor
tegenstem	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of tegenstemmen
herstemming	n	de · mv. herstemmingen	revote
tomatensalade	n	de · mv. tomatensalades	tomato salad
rechterschoen	n	de · mv. rechterschoenen	right shoe
slettebak	n	de · mv. slettebakken	slut
hoerenkast	n	de · mv. hoerenkasten	synonym of bordeel (“brothel”)
porna	n	de	porn tailored to women
fruitsap	n	het · mv. fruitsappen	fruit juice
leeggieten	v	goot leeg – leeggegoten	to outpour, to empty by pouring out
bijbakken	v	bakte bij – bijgebakken	to bake in addition
blindbakken	v	bakte blind – blindgebakken	to bake blind (bake without filling)
feestvieren	v	vierde feest – feestgevierd	to celebrate
rivierprik	n	de · mv. rivierprikken	European river lamprey (Lampetra fluviatilis)
keycord	n	de/het · mv. keycords	lanyard
beekprik	n	de · mv. beekprikken	brook lamprey (Lampetra planeri)
wintergroen	n	het	wintergreen (Pyrola spp.)
wintergroen	a		evergreen
erkentenis	n	de · mv. erkentenissen	acknowledgement
monniksparkiet	n	de · mv. monniksparkieten	monk parakeet (Myiopsitta monachus)
plaatsbewijs	n	het · mv. plaatsbewijzen	ticket, boarding pass
relatiebreuk	n	de · mv. relatiebreuken	breakup, termination of a romantic relationship
Adriaen	m		a male given name, an obsolete spelling of Adriaan
bezigen	v	bezigde – gebezigd	to use
kledingwinkel	n	de · mv. kledingwinkels	clothes shop
valsheid	n	de · mv. valsheden	falsehood; viciousness; the state of being off-key
Teletubbie	n	de · mv. Teletubbies	Teletubby
ochtendmens	n	de · mv. ochtendmensen	morning person
recursie	n	de	recursion
recursief	a		recursive
recursiviteit	n	de	recursivity
maandenlang	d		for months (on end)
maandenlang	a		lasting months, monthslong
millennialang	d		for millennia (on end)
millennialang	a		lasting millennia, millennialong
secondenlang	d		for seconds (on end)
secondenlang	a		lasting seconds, secondslong
decennialang	d		for decades (on end)
decennialang	a		lasting decades, decadeslong
loodzwaar	a		very heavy
weledelgeleerd	a		learned, scholarly
stakingsbereidheid	n	de	strike willingness, readiness to go on strike
herlezen	v	herlas – herlezen	to reread
smeerkees	n	de · mv. smeerkezen	a dirty or nasty person; a slob
glasfabriek	n	de · mv. glasfabrieken	glassworks (factory that produces glass or items made from glass)
levensles	n	de · mv. levenslessen	life lesson
audiodescriptie	n	de · mv. audiodescripties	audio description
descriptie	n	de · mv. descripties	description
descriptief	a		descriptive
Alpijns	a		Alpine (relating to the Alps)
meritocratie	n	de · mv. meritocratieën	meritocracy
meritocratisch	a		meritocratic
koraalduivel	n	de · mv. koraalduivels	lionfish (Pterois spp.)
voorraadkamer	n	de · mv. voorraadkamers	pantry, storeroom (of a shop)
zegekruid	n	het	apple of Peru (Nicandra physalodes)
hellenistiek	n	de	study of the Ancient Greek language and the culture of Ancient Greece
ongebonden	a		unbound, unconstrained, free; single (not married)
Bijbellezen	n	het	The act of reading from the Bible
deeltijdbaan	n	de · mv. deeltijdbanen	part-time job
voltijdbaan	n	de · mv. voltijdbanen	full-time job
haatprediker	n	de · mv. haatpredikers	preacher of hate; extremist religious teacher or leader
haatpredikant	n	de · mv. haatpredikanten	synonym of haatprediker (“preacher of hate”)
boemboe	n	de · mv. boemboes	spice mix used in Indonesian cooking
antiquair	n	de · mv. antiquairs	antiquarian; seller of antiques
antiquariaat	n	het · mv. antiquariaten	antiquariat; antiquarian bookshop
antiquaar	n	de · mv. antiquaars	antiquarian bookseller
onoverzichtelijk	a		not conveniently or comprehensibly organized; cluttered
overzichtelijkheid	n	de	the state of being comprehensibly organized
onoverzichtelijkheid	n	de	the state of not being comprehensibly organized
teloorgang	n	de · mv. teloorgangen	downfall
uurlijks	a		hourly
bloedkoets	n	de	synonym of bloedkaros
beloop	n	het · mv. belopen	course (sequence of events); course (path that something or someone moves along); amount of money, cost
beloopbaar	a		walkable (able to be walked on)
beloopbaarheid	n	de	walkability
theateroptreden	n	het · mv. theateroptredens	theater performance
hervallen	v	herviel – hervallen	to relapse
herwerken	v	herwerkte – herwerkt	to rework
kutkop	n	de · mv. kutkoppen	a fuckface, an asshat; an ugly or unlikable face or head
filmkunst	n	de · mv. filmkunsten	cinematography, cinematic arts, cinema (as an art form)
improviseren	v	improviseerde – geïmproviseerd	to improvise
hoofdacteur	n	de · mv. hoofdacteurs	lead actor, actor playing a main role; main actor in an event
een-op-een	d		one-on-one
veroudering	n	de · mv. verouderingen	aging
hachelen	v	hachelde – gehacheld	to eat
geletterdheid	n	de	literacy
ongeletterdheid	n	de	illiteracy
geletterd	a		literate
rochelen	v	rochelde – gerocheld	to make a rasping, phlegmish or gurgling sound with one's throat; to croak
fotoshoot	n	de · mv. fotoshoots	photoshoot
koffietafel	n	de · mv. koffietafels	coffee table
koffietafelboek	n	het · mv. koffietafelboeken	coffee table book
waterschapsverkiezing	n	de · mv. waterschapsverkiezingen	election for a waterschap
onbeholpen	a		clumsy; helpless
onbeholpenheid	n	de	clumsiness, awkwardness; helplessness
nadering	n	de · mv. naderingen	approach
rijkelijk	d		richly, abundantly
ellendeling	n	de · mv. ellendelingen	wretch
jeej	i		yay
opgetogenheid	n	de · mv. opgetogenheden	excitedness; elation
zeikerd	n	de · mv. zeikerds	a whiner, someone who nags about everything
foemp	n	de · mv. foempen	an idiot, a moron; a generally unpleasant person; a punch
godverkloten	i		Goddamn!; fuck!
ochtendgloren	n	het	dawn, daybreak
trainingspak	n	het · mv. trainingspakken	tracksuit
wederverkoper	n	de · mv. wederverkopers	reseller
aardrijkskundeleraar	n	de · mv. aardrijkskundeleraars	geography teacher
relaxatie	n	de · mv. relaxaties	relaxation; relaxation (return of a perturbed system into equilibrium)
pillendraaier	n	de · mv. pillendraaiers	a pharmacist
betoeterd	a		crazy
getouw	n	het · mv. getouwen	loom
assimileren	v	assimileerde – geassimileerd	to assimilate
lijstjestijd	n	de · mv. lijstjestijden	a time for lists
eindejaarslijst	n	de · mv. eindejaarslijsten	list drawn up at the end of the year to look back at the past year
eindejaar	n	het · mv. eindejaren	the end of the year
stickeren	v	stickerde – gestickerd	to sticker (apply stickers to)
bestickeren	v	bestickerde – bestickerd	to sticker (apply stickers to)
bestickering	n	de · mv. bestickeringen	stickering
rustgevend	a		soothing, relaxing, calming
kunstboek	n	het · mv. kunstboeken	artbook (book about art)
katjang	n	de · mv. katjangs	peanut; bean, nut; rascal boy
kajoe	n	de · mv. kajoeën	carpenter
dansvoorstelling	n	de · mv. dansvoorstellingen	dance performance
wanbeheer	n	het	mismanagement
vaccintwijfelaar	n	de · mv. vaccintwijfelaars	vaccine skeptic, vaccine hesitant person (one who doubts or opposes vaccines)
westnijlvirus	n	het	West Nile virus
weigeraar	n	de · mv. weigeraars	refuser (one who refuses)
predicatief	a		predicative
impactvol	a		impactful (having a strong influence or effect)
impactrijk	a		impactful (having a strong influence or effect)
wielwebspin	n	de · mv. wielwebspinnen	orbweaver, orb-web spider (spider of the family Araneidae)
decernaat	n	het · mv. decernaten	department, agency (specifically one in German-speaking countries)
angisa	n	de · mv. angisa's	a headkerchief traditionally worn by Afro-Surinamese women; the way it is…
sjanker	n	de · mv. sjankers	chancre (lesion associated with diseases such as syphilis)
binnenstappen	v	stapte binnen – binnengestapt	to enter, to step into a place
receptioniste	n	de · mv. receptionistes	female receptionist
tjebok	n		usage of a water-filled bottle for rinsing the buttocks after defecation (in…
syfilitisch	a		syphilitic
luetisch	a		synonym of syfilitisch (“syphilitic”)
oorlogsmist	n	de	fog of war (lack of situational awareness in time of war); fog of war (invisibility of enemy movements beyond one's line of sight)
lepelen	v	lepelde – gelepeld	to spoon
oplepelen	v	lepelde op – opgelepeld	to spoon-feed (to help somebody to eat using a spoon)
neusloos	a		noseless
sluitingstijd	n	de · mv. sluitingstijden	closing time
VVV-kantoor	n	het · mv. VVV-kantoren	tourist office
topklasse	n	de · mv. topklassen	top class, name of the highest level of amateur football and cricket leagues…
werkschema	n	het · mv. werkschema's	work schedule
Zaankanter	n	de · mv. Zaankanters	A person from the region adjacent to the river Zaan
Zaankant	m		A region in North Holland, Netherlands near the river Zaan, including…
omgooien	v	gooide om – omgegooid	to knock over; to overhaul, rearrange (usually unexpectedly)
tekenmateriaal	n	het · mv. tekenmaterialen	drawing materials
bruidspaar	n	het · mv. bruidsparen	bridal couple
lyofilisatie	n	de · mv. lyofilisaties	lyophilization, freeze-drying
kantsteen	n	de · mv. kantstenen	curb, kerb: The raised edge between the pavement and the roadway, typically…
scheidsel	n	de · mv. scheidsels	partition
dispenskast	n	de · mv. dispenskasten	pantry, stock room
tenteren	v	tenteerde – getenteerd	to tempt; to quiz, test, examine
koolwater	n	het · mv. koolwaters	fermented palm sap
sierkam	n	de · mv. sierkammen	comb for hair decoration
soeten	v	soette – gesoet	at the start of a game, determine who it is by extending one of three…
doortrapper	n		fixed-gear bicycle
damesfiets	n	de · mv. damesfietsen	lady's bike: a bicycle with a step-through frame, to accommodate long…
trekpen	n	de · mv. trekpennen	ruling pen
palpatie	n	de · mv. palpatieën	palpation
keboen	n	de · mv. keboenen	gardener in a colonial household
mandiën	v	mandiede – gemandied	to shower; to shower with a bucket or dipper
tampatten	v	tampatte – getampat	to sleep
berakken	v		to poop
tjetten	v	tjette – getjet	to paint
kramassen	v	kramaste – gekramast	to wash hair
stiltecoupé	n	de · mv. stiltecoupés	quiet carriage
ettelijk	r		several, sundry
ettelijk	t		a fair amount; several
doortrapfiets	n	de · mv. doortrapfietsen	fixed-gear bicycle
bandijzer	n	het · mv. bandijzers	hoop iron
champagnefles	n	de · mv. champagneflessen	champagne bottle
rooilijn	n	de · mv. rooilijnen	building alignment
koorkap	n	de · mv. koorkappen	cope (long, loose cloak worn by a priest, deacon, or bishop when presiding…
aanstond	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanstaan
kasstelsel	n	het · mv. kasstelsels	cash accounting scheme
vacatie	n	de · mv. vacaties	vacancy; attendance fee
vacatiegeld	n	het · mv. vacatiegelden	attendance fee
rustbank	n	de · mv. rustbanken	a long bench where you can lie down to relieve fatigue
opnaaisel	n	de · mv. opnaaisels	pintuck
draagriem	n	de · mv. draagriemen	a belt that carries something or that allows you to carry something
veterband	n	de · mv. veterbanden	cotton ribbon used for shoelaces
breipen	n	de · mv. breipennen	knitting needle
montering	n	de · mv. monteringen	the act of assembling; the act of equipping a soldier
spanraam	n	het · mv. spanramen	stretcher bar
spieraam	n	het · mv. spieramen	stretcher bar
kunstdruk	n	de · mv. kunstdrukken	art paper
colombijntje	n	het · mv. colombijntjes	small airy cake often with a light and soft texture
rondsel	n	het · mv. rondsels	pinion
ooievaarsbeet	n	de · mv. ooievaarsbeten	stork bite, nevus flammeus nuchae
ordonnantie	n	de · mv. ordonnantiën	ordinance
klapperboom	n	de · mv. klapperbomen	synonym of kokospalm (“coconut palm”)
lekschieten	v	schoot lek – lekgeschoten	to shoot a hole into something, causing a leak
brandgang	n	de · mv. brandgangen	fire lane
verbedden	v	verbedde – verbed	to put someone in another, freshly made bed; bed making
gaasdepper	n	de · mv. gaasdeppers	gauze swab
verlosbed	n	het · mv. verlosbedden	birthing bed
nierbekken	n	het · mv. nierbekkens	renal pelvis
steeklaken	n	het · mv. steeklakens	draw sheet
kruissteek	n	de · mv. kruissteken	cross-stitch
klappermelk	n	de	coconut milk
besprokene	n	het	the discussed subject; the discussed person
meestbesproken	a		most discussed
veelbesproken	a		much discussed
onbesproken	a		undiscussed
onbesprokenheid	n	de	state of being undiscussed
veelbesprokenheid	n	de	state of being much discussed
betreurenswaard	a		synonym of betreurenswaardig
betreurenswaardigheid	n	de	regrettableness
binnensmonds	a		under one's breath
bezichtiging	n	de · mv. bezichtigingen	viewing
armetierig	a		poor; shabby
armlastig	a		poor, poverty-stricken, impoverished
bowlingbal	n	de · mv. bowlingballen	bowling ball
bowlingschoen	n	de · mv. bowlingschoenen	bowling shoe
bowlingbaan	n	de · mv. bowlingbanen	bowling lane; bowling alley
bowlingcentrum	n	de · mv. bowlingcentra	bowling alley
springkop	n	de · mv. springkoppen	warhead
kernkop	n	de · mv. kernkoppen	nuclear warhead
baarmoedermond	n	de · mv. baarmoedermonden	external end of the cervix; os
huidmond	n	de · mv. huidmonden	stoma (one of the tiny pores in the epidermis of a leaf or stem through…
bacteriedodend	a		bactericidal (that kills bacteria)
celdodend	a		that kills cells
remgeld	n	het · mv. remgelden	health insurance copay
koningskroon	n	de · mv. koningskronen	king's crown; a layered butter cake with fruit jam between the cake layers from Indo-Dutch…
Uiters	a		synonym of Utrechts (“Utrechtian”)
biomarkt	n	de · mv. biomarkten	organic market
laadstok	n	de · mv. laadstokken	ramrod, gunstick
insectendodend	a		insecticidal, insect-killing
schimmeldodend	a		fungicidal, antifungal
badmintonner	n	de · mv. badmintonners	badminton player
badmintonspeler	n	de · mv. badmintonspelers	badminton player
stopkraan	n	de · mv. stopkranen	stopcock (tap for turning on and off the supply of water or gas)
trasraam	n	het · mv. trasramen	brick damp course
schoorbalk	n	de · mv. schoorbalken	strut
coeliakie	n	de	coeliac disease
drukgroep	n	de · mv. drukgroepen	clutch cover
druklager	n	de/het · mv. druklagers	clutch release bearing
koolborstel	n	de · mv. koolborstels	carbon brush
zuigerstang	n	de · mv. zuigerstangen	connecting rod
drijfstang	n	de · mv. drijfstangen	connecting rod
runensteen	n	de · mv. runenstenen	runestone (stone with a runic inscription)
bergbeklimmer	n	de · mv. bergbeklimmers	mountaineer, mountain climber
vrouwenkleren	n		women's clothes
vrouwenkleed	n	het · mv. vrouwenklederen	women's garment (single piece of clothing)
vulkaniseren	v	vulkaniseerde – gevulkaniseerd	to vulcanize
zonluiaard	n	de · mv. zonluiaards	pale-throated three-toed sloth (Bradypus tridactylus)
karabinier	n	de · mv. karabiniers	carabineer (cavalry soldier)
inperken	v		enclose, hem, surround, confine; confine, constrain, restrict, isolate, limit; buffer, keep in check, tone down, mitigate
spanschroef	n	de · mv. spanschroeven	turnbuckle
draadspanner	n	de · mv. draadspanners	turnbuckle
spanwartel	n	de · mv. spanwartels	turnbuckle
schapenluiaard	n	de · mv. schapenluiaards	Linnaeus's two-toed sloth (Choloepus didactylus)
coassistentie	n	de · mv. coassistenties	medical internship phase
coschap	n	het · mv. coschappen	medical internship
coassistent	n	de · mv. coassistenten	medical student in clinical clerkship phase
kistdam	n	de · mv. kistdammen	cofferdam
ontdekker	n	de · mv. ontdekkers	discoverer; explorer
medeontdekker	n	de · mv. medeontdekkers	codiscoverer
aandrijfmechanisme	n	het · mv. aandrijfmechanismes	driving mechanism
raamboompje	n	het · mv. raamboompjes	window handle
raamscharnier	n	het · mv. raamscharnieren	window hinge
testpen	n	de · mv. testpennen	test light
veerring	n	de · mv. veerringen	spring washer
schooldag	n	de · mv. schooldagen	schoolday
eencellig	a		single-celled, unicellular
eencellige	n	de · mv. eencelligen	single-celled organism, unicell
meercellig	a		multicellular
meercellige	n	de · mv. meercelligen	multicellular organism
radeerwiel	n	het · mv. radeerwielen	tracing wheel
rwina	n	de	chaos, riot
schoolschrift	n	het · mv. schoolschriften	school notebook, exercise book; teaching script (cursive script taught in schools)
aardrijkskundeles	n	de · mv. aardrijkskundelessen	geography lesson
barré-akkoord	n	het · mv. barré-akkoorden	barre chord: a guitar chord played by pressing down multiple strings on the…
ringsleutel	n	de · mv. ringsleutels	ring spanner (UK), box wrench (US)
altijdgroen	a		evergreen (of plants, especially trees, that do not shed their leaves…
aardgebonden	a		earthbound (confined to the Earth; unable to leave Earth, either physically…
bedgebonden	a		bedbound, bedridden
geslachtsgebonden	a		depending on one's biological sex; restricted to one biological sex
seksegebonden	a		depending on one's gender; restricted to one gender
rolstoelgebonden	a		wheelchairbound (confined to a wheelchair)
leeftijdsgebonden	a		restricted to a certain age or age group
landgebonden	a		landbound; depending on the country; restricted to one country
watergebonden	a		restricted to the water
snelhechter	n	de · mv. snelhechters	A report file; a two-prong (two-hole) file folder, with clips
inklaring	n	de · mv. inklaringen	settlement of incoming goods (e.g. at customs)
invetten	v	vette in – ingevet	to smear with grease as a protection for wood, pottery, leather, etc; greasing a mold to prevent sticking; lotioning the body for protection
macaronischotel	n	de · mv. macaronischotels	macaroni casserole, common in Indo-Dutch and Indonesian cuisine
overstek	n	het · mv. overstekken	overhang
knerpen	v	knerpte – geknerpt	to make a crunching, creaking, grinding noise
methodisme	n	het	Methodism (Methodist Christian movement founded by John Wesley)
knarsetanden	v	knarsetandde – geknarsetand	to grind or gnash one's teeth
volleybalspeler	n	de · mv. volleybalspelers	volleyball player
afstandsgebonden	a		depending on the distance
contextgebonden	a		context-dependent
contextafhankelijk	a		context-dependent
bloedwijn	n	de	A type of wine, previously used medicinally, containing various added…
Venezolaan	n	de · mv. Venezolanen	an inhabitant of Venezuela
Venezolaans	a		Venezuelan
plunjezak	n	de · mv. plunjezakken	duffel bag (large duffel cloth bag used to carry personal gear)
vulvodynie	n	de	vulvodynia (pain in the vulva)
natheid	n	de	wetness
nattigheid	n	de	wetness; dodginess, fishiness, something off
nattig	a		slightly wet
natregenen	v	regende nat – natgeregend	to become wet from the rain
vleeskeuring	n	de · mv. vleeskeuringen	certification of meat; act of judging people by their appearance
apk-keuring	n	de · mv. apk-keuringen	synonym of apk
eendagsbabs	n	de · mv. eendagsbabsen	A person who is legally entitled to perform a civil marriage, but only holds…
boekwerk	n	het · mv. boekwerken	printed work
piepjestest	n	de · mv. piepjestests	bleep test
vintagekleding	n	de	vintage clothing
foliumzuur	n	het	folic acid
teleferiek	n	de · mv. teleferieken	cable car (a hanging carriage or car for transporting people or cargo)
ftaalzuur	n	het · mv. ftaalzuren	phthalic acid
haardvuur	n	het · mv. haardvuren	fire in a fireplace
aansluitbaar	a		connectable
aansluitbaarheid	n	de	connectability
berijdbaar	a		rideable (fit to be ridden); drivable (capable of being driven on safely or successfully)
sneeuwjacht	n	de · mv. sneeuwjachten	Snow carried by strong winds; blowing snow
berijdbaarheid	n	de	rideability; drivability
aanrechtblad	n	het · mv. aanrechtbladen	countertop surface
aanrichter	n	de · mv. aanrichters	inflicter
aanrichting	n	de · mv. aanrichtingen	infliction
aangesprokene	n	de · mv. aangesprokenen	addressed person
aankoopbedrag	n	de · mv. aankoopbedragen	synonym of aankoopprijs
aankoopsom	n	de · mv. aankoopsommen	synonym of aankoopprijs
schermutselen	v	schermutselde – geschermutseld	to skirmish
aanheffen	v	hief aan – aangeheven	to (begin to) sing or chant
wansmakelijk	a		that tastes bad, that has a bad taste; distasteful, tasteless, in bad taste, garish, meretricious
gangmaken	v	gangmaakte – gegangmaakt	to pace (set the speed in a race)
dubbelchecken	v	dubbelcheckte – gedubbelcheckt	to double check
pikeur	n	de · mv. pikeurs	horsebreaker; whipper-in; sulky driver in harness racing
drafsport	n	de	harness racing
harddraverij	n	de · mv. harddraverijen	harness race
lichtdruk	n	de · mv. lichtdrukken	collotype
zomerfestival	n	het · mv. zomerfestivals	summer festival
coupenaad	n	de · mv. coupenaden	dart A fold that is stitched on a garment
werkpak	n	het · mv. werkpakken	workwear
voorvel	n	het · mv. voorvellen	synonym of voorhuid (“foreskin”)
harddraven	v	harddraafde – geharddraafd	to trot fast, as in a harness race; to race in a harness race
harddraver	n	de · mv. harddravers	horse suitable for harness racing; any fast horse; any fast vehicle
trektocht	n	de · mv. trektochten	trek, long walk (usually multi-day)
magnifiek	a		magnificent
terugslagveer	n	de · mv. terugslagveren	kickstart return spring
slijkbord	n	het · mv. slijkborden	fender, mudflap, mudguard, wing (a cover over, or a flap behind, the wheels…
spatbord	n	het · mv. spatborden	fender, mudflap, mudguard, wing (a cover over, or a flap behind, the wheels…
speling	n	de · mv. spelingen	wiggle room, backlash: the looseness through which one part of connected…
richtingaanwijzer	n	de · mv. richtingaanwijzers	indicator, turn signal
tussenklep	n	de · mv. tussenkleppen	check valve
directiekeet	n	de · mv. directieketen	site office: office used by construction and infrastructure workers during…
glaswol	n	de	glass wool
sponning	n	de · mv. sponningen	rabbet (US), rebate (UK)
gording	n	de · mv. gordingen	purlin
padellen	v	padelde – gepadeld	to play padel
padeller	n	de · mv. padellers	padelista, padel player
padelspeler	n	de · mv. padelspelers	padelista, padel player
padelbal	n	de · mv. padelballen	padel ball
padelracket	n	het · mv. padelrackets	padel racket
tenniselleboog	n	de · mv. tennisellebogen	synonym of tennisarm (“tennis elbow”)
padelarm	n	de · mv. padelarmen	tennis elbow as a result of playing padel
padelelleboog	n	de · mv. padelellebogen	synonym of padelarm
padelleboog	n	de · mv. padellebogen	synonym of padelarm
breinrot	n	de/het	brain rot (media content that is deemed to hold little artistic value or…
staffel	n	de · mv. staffels	top to bottom of a balance sheet or budget page
biaisband	n	het · mv. biaisbands	bias tape
ijskan	n	de · mv. ijskannen	jug used for iced water
squashspeler	n	de · mv. squashspelers	squash player
squashbaan	n	de · mv. squashbanen	squash court
slijmzuiger	n	de · mv. slijmzuigers	mucus extractor
lijstplank	n	de · mv. lijstplanken	fascia (one of the three bands which make up the architrave)
toetoepen	v	toetoepte – getoetoept	to close
toetoep	n	de · mv. toetoepen	high-necked jacket with a stand-up collar for men in a formal environment
hofnar	n	de · mv. hofnarren	court jester
slaapstad	n	de · mv. slaapsteden	bedroom community
zomerfeest	n	het · mv. zomerfeesten	summer party
fruitkraam	n	de/het · mv. fruitkramen	fruit stall
kunstfestival	n	het · mv. kunstfestivals	art festival
waterkan	n	de · mv. waterkannen	water jug
kopbal	n	het · mv. kopballen	header: the act of hitting the ball with the head
schaduwvloot	n	de · mv. schaduwvloten	shadow fleet
kattenkrabziekte	n	de	cat scratch disease
gymdocent	n	de · mv. gymdocenten	gym teacher
softwareprogramma	n	het · mv. softwareprogramma's	computer program
cuckstoel	n	de · mv. cuckstoelen	A cuck chair; An individual or lone seat, especially on public transport
binnenlandminister	n	de · mv. binnenlandministers	synonym of minister van Binnenlandse Zaken (“interior minister”)
heenreis	n	de · mv. heenreizen	the part of a trip from the starting point to the destination, as opposed to…
schootrekenaar	n	de · mv. schootrekenaars	synonym of laptop (“laptop”)
pienter	a		apt, quick to learn
vijfentwintigjarig	a		twenty-five-year-old
vijfentwintigjarige	n	de · mv. vijfentwintigjarigen	twenty-five-year-old, person of the age of twenty-five
schoolmelk	n	de	milk provided by a (primary) school to its students
parachutespringen	v		to parachute (jump using a parachute); to skydive
pareren	v	pareerde – gepareerd	to parry (respond defensively to an attack)
hoeree	i		hooray, hurrah
doktersafspraak	n	de · mv. doktersafspraken	doctor's appointment
apothekeres	n	de · mv. apothekeressen	female pharmacist
natrekken	v	trok na – nagetrokken	to investigate if something is correct; to trace, see overtrekken
versluieren	v	versluierde – versluierd	to cover, conceal
tegentrein	n	de · mv. tegentreinen	train coming from the opposite direction
voorsein	n	het · mv. voorseinen	distant signal
hoofdsein	n	het · mv. hoofdseinen	main signal
breedspoor	n	het · mv. breedsporen	broad gauge railway
rangeersein	n	het · mv. rangeerseinen	shunting signal
seinbeeld	n	het · mv. seinbeelden	aspect of a railway signal
seinstelsel	n	het · mv. seinstelsels	the complete system of railway signals
baanvaksnelheid	n	de · mv. baanvaksnelheden	the speed limit on a section of railway track
veldfles	n	de · mv. veldflessen	a portable water container commonly used by soldiers; a canteen
koelieboontjes	n		hyacinth bean (Lablab purpureus)
handgeld	n	het · mv. handgelden	money that the buyer of a movable property gives to the seller before…; an unofficially recorded transaction (with black money)
rechterarm	n	de · mv. rechterarmen	right arm
verklikker	n	de · mv. verklikkers	snitch, rat
aalbessennat	n	het · mv. aalbessennatten	currant juice
aalbessenboom	n	de · mv. aalbessenbomen	a blackcurrant shrub (Ribes nigrum); the berry of Ribes nigrum, a black currant
jeneverboom	n	de · mv. jeneverbomen	a juniper tree; tree of the genus Juniperus; common juniper (Juniperus communis)
fietsland	n	het · mv. fietslanden	A country characterized by a high volume of bicycle use or excellent cycling…
linkervoet	n	de · mv. linkervoeten	left foot
achterhouden	v	hield achter – achtergehouden	to withhold
achterhoudend	a		tending to withhold
achterhoudendheid	n	de	tendency to withhold
achterhouding	n	de · mv. achterhoudingen	action of withholding
eigenste	a		very (the same, identical)
rechterbeen	n	het · mv. rechterbenen	right leg
linkerbeen	n	het · mv. linkerbenen	left leg
wajo	i		an expression of surprise, bewilderment, enthusiasm; an expression of regret, exasperation
espressomachine	n	de · mv. espressomachines	espresso machine
leidinggevende	n	de · mv. leidinggevenden	manager
leidinggeven	v	gaf leiding – leidinggegeven	to manage
meekrap	n	de	madder (Rubia tinctorum); madder (red dye made of the roots of the madder plant)
vakantiebestemming	n	de · mv. vakantiebestemmingen	holiday destination
kraagtrap	n	de · mv. kraagtrappen	Chlamydotis, a genus of bustards; the houbara bustard (Chlamydotis undulata)
onbestemd	a		unclear, vague, indefinable, indeterminate
motorhelm	n	de · mv. motorhelmen	motorcycle helmet
reiservaring	n	de · mv. reiservaringen	travel experience (personal and direct impressions of travelling); travel experience (knowledge gathered while travelling)
algauw	d		soon, quickly
hierzo	d		here, over here
daarzo	d		there, over there
foutgevoelig	a		error-prone
schuintegenover	p		diagonally opposite
rechttegenover	p		directly opposite; straight across from
damesachtig	a		ladylike
ondamesachtig	a		unladylike
damesachtigheid	n	de	ladylikeness
freewheelen	v	freewheelde – gefreewheeld	to freewheel (ride a bicycle without pedalling); to freewheel (operate a motor vehicle which is coasting without power); to freewheel (operate free from constraints)
spectroscopisch	a		spectroscopic
herdoen	v	herdeed – herdaan	to redo, to repeat
effenen	v	effende – geëffend	level, smoothen, flatten; to pave the way
clementie	n	de	clemency, lenience, mercy
hoofdeconoom	n	de · mv. hoofdeconomen	chief economist
tolhek	n	het · mv. tolhekken	tollgate
transistorradio	n	de · mv. transistorradio's	transistor radio
zomerstage	n	de · mv. zomerstages	summer internship
langzaamaan	d		slowly
langzaamaanactie	n	de · mv. langzaamaanacties	go-slow (deliberate slow working as a protest)
opbaren	v	baarde op – opgebaard	to lay out (prepare a body for burial)
opbaring	n	de · mv. opbaringen	act of preparing a body for burial
achternagaan	v	ging achterna – achternagegaan	to run after, to go after
gymzaal	n	de · mv. gymzalen	gym (hall for indoor sports)
oortelefoon	n	de · mv. oortelefoons	headphone
bruinen	v	bruinde – gebruind	to bronze, to suntan; to bronze, to brown, to cause to become tan in colour
zomerprogramma	n	het · mv. zomerprogramma's	summer program
mp3-speler	n	de · mv. mp3-spelers	MP3 player
spijtmoeder	n	de · mv. spijtmoeders	mother who regrets having children
zachtjesaan	d		gradually, little by little, gently
touperen	v	toupeerde – getoupeerd	(of hair) to backcomb, to tease
weerbots	n	de · mv. weerbotsen	backlash
Laenen	m		a surname
Soenens	m		a surname
verkapt	a		disguised
muffinvorm	n	de · mv. muffinvormen	muffin pan
slalommen	v	slalomde – geslalomd	to slalom (move in a slalom-like manner)
reuzenslalom	n	de · mv. reuzenslaloms	giant slalom
parallelslalom	n	de · mv. parallelslaloms	parallel slalom
parallelreuzenslalom	n	de · mv. parallelreuzenslaloms	parallel giant slalom
spaander	n	de · mv. spaanders	wood chip, especially as a byproduct of splitting wood
skydiven	v	skydivede – geskydived	to skydive
fijnhakken	v	hakte fijn – fijngehakt	to finely chop
fijnmalen	v	maalde fijn – fijngemalen	to finely grind
cito-cito	d		synonym of cito
soliditeit	n	de	solidity, solidness; trustworthiness
onbetrouwbaarheid	n	de	unreliability, untrustworthiness
rotsroos	n	de · mv. rotsrozen	Cretan rockrose (Cistus creticus)
supermooi	a		very beautiful
kinderschoen	n	de · mv. kinderschoenen	children's shoe
Hitlergroet	n	de · mv. Hitlergroeten	Nazi salute
nazigroet	n	de · mv. nazigroeten	synonym of Hitlergroet (“Nazi salute”)
haarkloven	v	haarkloofde – gehaarkloofd	to split hairs, quibble, cavil
arbeidsvreugde	n	de	job satisfaction
veiligheidscontrole	n	de · mv. veiligheidscontroles	security check
instapkaart	n	de · mv. instapkaarten	boarding pass
sportliefhebber	n	de · mv. sportliefhebbers	sports enthusiast (person who watches sports); sports enthusiast (person who practices sports)
religekkie	n	de · mv. religekkies	fundie, crazy religious person
weckpot	n	de · mv. weckpotten	Weck jar
kraamtranen	n		baby blues experienced shortly after childbirth
tsjoeke	i		chugga (sound imitating a riding train)
uithoesten	v	hoestte uit – uitgehoest	to cough out (remove by coughing); to finish coughing
zelfvernietiging	n	de	self-destruction
zelfverloochening	n	de	self-abnegation
verloochening	n	de	abnegation
basketbalwedstrijd	n	de · mv. basketbalwedstrijden	basketball match
undercoveragent	n	de · mv. undercoveragenten	undercover agent
filmavond	n	de · mv. filmavonden	movie night
schobberdebonk	n	de · mv. schobberdebonken	vagrant, beggar
bonnefooi	n	de	only used in op de bonnefooi
schobberdebonken	v	schobberdebonkte – geschobberdebonkt	to bum, to obtain by begging; to scrounge; to beg, to scrounge
coaxiaal	a		coaxial
coaxkabel	n	de · mv. coaxkabels	coaxial cable
roksplit	n	de/het · mv. roksplitten	slit in a skirt
mouwsplit	n	de/het · mv. mouwsplitten	slit in a sleeve
vervolmaken	v	vervolmaakte – vervolmaakt	to perfect
vieruurtje	n	het · mv. vieruurtjes	snack taken around 4 P.M
sprankelen	v	sprankelde – gesprankeld	to sparkle; to play a brilliant, lively role
declameren	v	declameerde – gedeclameerd	to declaim, recite
declamatie	n	de · mv. declamaties	declamation
bijker	n	de · mv. bijkers	synonym of imker (“beekeeper”)
imkerij	n	de · mv. imkerijen	beekeeper's practice or shop; beekeeping
bijenhouderij	n	de · mv. bijenhouderijen	synonym of imkerij
bijkerij	n	de · mv. bijkerijen	synonym of imkerij
imkeren	v	imkerde – geïmkerd	to practice beekeeping
tellie	n	de · mv. tellies	mobile phone
ogenschijn	n	de	glance, look
zwakzinnig	a		half-witted, stupid, moronic
institutionaliseren	v	institutionaliseerde – geïnstitutionaliseerd	to institutionalize; to formalize
netelroos	n	de	urticaria, hives
progressie	n	de	progress
regressie	n	de	regression
Zuid-Slavië	m		synonym of Joegoslavië (“Yugoslavia”)
obediëren	v	obedieerde – geobedieerd	to obey
medicijnmeester	n	de · mv. medicijnmeesters	doctor
appelzuur	n	het	malic acid
tegenspel	n	het · mv. tegenspellen	offer resistance, opposition in a game that otherwise cannot be played
individualiseren	v	individualiseerde – geïndividualiseerd	to individualize; to specify
malloterie	n	de · mv. malloterieën	foolishness, idiocy
perfectionering	n	de · mv. perfectioneringen	perfecting (bringing of something to a state of perfection)
volmaking	n	de · mv. volmakingen	perfecting (bringing of something to a state of perfection); completion
vervolmaking	n	de · mv. vervolmakingen	perfecting (bringing of something to a state of perfection)
curlen	v	curlde – gecurld	to curl (take part in the sport of curling)
achterlijkheid	n	de · mv. achterlijkheden	idiocy, stupidity, moronicness
kapokboom	n	de · mv. kapokbomen	kapok, kapok tree (Ceiba pentandra)
kapokmatras	n	de/het · mv. kapokmatrassen	mattress filled with kapok
kapokken	a		filled with kapok
manosfeer	n	de · mv. manosferen	manosphere
rekkelijk	a		flexible (willing or prone to give way to the influence of others); vague, open to interpretation; not strictly enforced
rotspunt	n	de · mv. rotspunten	rocky outcrop, rocky promontory
familierecept	n	het · mv. familierecepten	family recipe
apporteren	v	apporteerde – geapporteerd	to fetch, retrieve
welgelukzalig	a		deeply blissful, very overjoyed
haastiglijk	d		in a hasty manner; hurriedly; quickly, without delay
rekkelijkheid	n	de	flexibility, leeway
kaalkappen	v	kapte kaal – kaalgekapt	to clear cut
kaalslaan	v	sloeg kaal – kaalgeslagen	to clear cut
kaalknippen	v	knipte kaal – kaalgeknipt	to make bald by cutting with scissors
kaalscheren	v		to make bald by shaving
kaalplukken	v	plukte kaal – kaalgeplukt	to make bald by plucking; to completely clear by plucking or picking; to rob blind
kaalvreten	v	vrat kaal – kaalgevreten	to clear or strip completely by eating
kaalhoofdig	a		bald-headed (having a bald head)
kaalhoofdigheid	n	de	the state or condition of having a bald head; baldness
kaalte	n	de	bareness, featurelessness
kaalplukteam	n	het · mv. kaalplukteams	team set up to retrieve stolen goods from criminals
wegscheren	v	schoor weg – weggeschoren	to remove by shaving; to scram
bijscheren	v	schoor bij – bijgeschoren	to trim by shaving
onafgebroken	a		uninterrupted, continuous
onafgebrokenheid	n	de	uninterruptedness
ononderbrokenheid	n	de	uninterruptedness
voortdurendheid	n	de	continuity, continuousness
non-stopvlucht	n	de · mv. non-stopvluchten	nonstop flight
non-stopprogramma	n	het · mv. non-stopprogramma's	program with no interruptions
radioprogramma	n	het · mv. radioprogramma's	radio program, radio show
dansstijl	n	de · mv. dansstijlen	dance style
brandlucht	n	de · mv. brandluchten	burning smell
omstoten	v	stootte om – omgestoten	to overturn, to tip, to upset (an object)
aardbeienyoghurt	n	de · mv. aardbeienyoghurts	strawberry yoghurt
aardbeienjam	n	de · mv. aardbeienjams	strawberry jam
gassie	n	het · mv. gassies	dude, bloke, especially when young and impudent
familiegeheim	n	het · mv. familiegeheimen	family secret
feestviering	n	de · mv. feestvieringen	celebration (observance of a holiday)
wintervakantie	n	de · mv. wintervakanties	winter holiday
prijs-kwaliteitsverhouding	n	de · mv. prijs-kwaliteitsverhoudingen	value for money
eenendertigste	a		thirty-first
oudejaarsdiner	n	het · mv. oudejaarsdiners	New Year's Eve dinner
vuurcontact	n	het · mv. vuurcontacten	firefight
vriescoupe	n	de · mv. vriescoupes	frozen section
opdrukken	v	drukte op – opgedrukt	to push-up, to perform a push-up; to push up, to make (something) higher, to increase; to press on
opdruk	n	de · mv. opdrukken	a push-up
opdruk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of opdrukken
brokkelig	a		crumbly, brittle; disconnected, disjointed, incoherent
brokkeligheid	n	de	crumbliness; disconnectedness, disjointedness, incoherence
contrasteren	v	contrasteerde – gecontrasteerd	to contrast
contrastering	n	de · mv. contrasteringen	act of contrasting
contrasterend	a		contrasting
contrastaccent	n	het · mv. contrastaccenten	contrasting accent, contrasting highlight
contrastkleur	n	de · mv. contrastkleuren	contrasting color; color used to contrast
contrastmiddel	n	het · mv. contrastmiddelen	contrast medium
contrastvloeistof	n	de · mv. contrastvloeistoffen	contrast medium
contrastratio	n	de · mv. contrastratio's	contrast ratio
contrastregelaar	n	de · mv. contrastregelaars	contrast control, switch to control the contrast (on a monitor)
contrastrijk	a		rich in contrast
contrastrijkheid	n	de	richness in contrast
kleurcontrast	n	het · mv. kleurcontrasten	color contrast
wederpartijder	n	de · mv. wederpartijders	opponent, adversary
familiefeest	n	het · mv. familiefeesten	family party
moslimvriend	n	de · mv. moslimvrienden	a Muslim friend
verviervoudigen	v	verviervoudigde – verviervoudigd	to quadruple
vervijfvoudigen	v	vervijfvoudigde – vervijfvoudigd	to quintuple
mummelen	v	mummelde – gemummeld	to murmur, mumble
arelaxed	a		not chill, not cool
feestverlichting	n	de · mv. feestverlichtingen	party lights, festive lighting
impacteren	v	impacteerde – geïmpacteerd	to impact, to have an impact on
Vansteenkiste	m		a surname
Vandenbroucke	m		a surname
Hoijtink	m		a surname
Marijn	m		a unisex given name
neersabelen	v	sabelde neer – neergesabeld	to strike down or kill with a sabre; to criticize harshly, slam, excoriate, lambaste
verliezer	n	de · mv. verliezers	loser (person who loses; one who fails to win)
vanwaaruit	d		out of which
vanwaaraf	d		from the top of which
vanbinnen	d		on the inside
vanbuiten	d		on the outside, from the outside; inside out (thoroughly; extremely well)
vanboven	d		on the top, at the top; from above
privébericht	n	het · mv. privéberichten	private message
goudenmedaillewinnaar	n	de · mv. goudenmedaillewinnaars	gold medalist
zilverenmedaillewinnaar	n	de · mv. zilverenmedaillewinnaars	silver medalist
bronzenmedaillewinnaar	n	de · mv. bronzenmedaillewinnaars	bronze medalist
medaillewinnaar	n	de · mv. medaillewinnaars	medalist (someone who has received a medal)
homofonie	n	de	homophony
popalbum	n	het · mv. popalbums	pop album
popsong	n	de · mv. popsongs	pop song
concertticket	n	de/het · mv. concerttickets	concert ticket
lievelingslied	n	het · mv. lievelingsliederen	favourite song
poplied	n	het · mv. popliederen	pop song
dansbeweging	n	de · mv. dansbewegingen	dance movement
kamerheer	n	de · mv. kamerheren	chamberlain
statistiek	n	de · mv. statistieken	statistics (discipline, principally within applied mathematics, concerned…; statistic
statistiek	a		statistical
statisticus	n	de · mv. statistici	statistician
rubberen	a		made of rubber
roebel	n	de · mv. roebels	ruble
reliëf	n	het · mv. reliëfs	relief (method of sculpture or other artwork in which shapes or figures…; relief (sculpture or other artwork made with such a method); relief (difference of elevations on a surface)
uitklokken	v	klokte uit – uitgeklokt	to clock out (end work; officially record a time when one terminates a…; to be wider at the bottom (of e.g. a skirt)
sporttas	n	de · mv. sporttassen	sports bag
mueslireep	n	de · mv. mueslirepen	muesli bar
dolblij	a		overjoyed, deeply glad
Debeuf	m		a surname
Simoens	m		a surname
wake-upcall	n	de · mv. wake-upcalls	wake-up call
accelerationisme	n	het	accelerationism (an ideology aimed at accelerating societal change,…
Danckaert	m		a surname
vleesetend	a		carnivorous
telepathie	n	de	telepathy
telepaat	n	de · mv. telepaten	telepath
tactisch	a		tactical
sterrenhemel	n	de · mv. sterrenhemels	starry sky; night sky
satijnen	a		made of satin
schaafsel	n	het · mv. schaafsels	shaving (thin, shaved off slice of wood, metal, or other material)
amandelschaafsel	n	het · mv. amandelschaafsels	almond shaving, almond flake
schaakspel	n	het · mv. schaakspellen	chess; game of chess; chess set
schaatsbaan	n	de · mv. schaatsbanen	ice rink
taakverdeling	n	de · mv. taakverdelingen	task distribution
takenlijst	n	de · mv. takenlijsten	to-do list
to-dolijst	n	de · mv. to-dolijsten	to-do list
tafelvoetbal	n	het	foosball
tafelvoetbalspel	n	het · mv. tafelvoetbalspellen	game of foosball
thuisbrengen	v	bracht thuis – thuisgebracht	to bring home; to place (remember where and when (an object or person) has been previously…
thuisbrenger	n	de · mv. thuisbrengers	spare wheel, spare tyre
thuiskomer	n	de · mv. thuiskomers	one who comes home; spare wheel, spare tyre
kieperen	v	kieperde – gekieperd	to throw away, dump, empty a container by tipping it
opdringerig	a		officious, obtrusive, pushy
gegrom	n	het	act of grunting
kernwapenvrij	a		free from nuclear weapons
kernvrij	a		free from nuclear weapons; nuclear-free
atoomvrij	a		free from nuclear weapons; nuclear-free; resistant to nuclear radiation
deizen	v	deisde – gedeisd	to remain inconspicuous, keep a low profile, to retreat
uitteren	v	teerde uit – uitgeteerd	to atrophy, waste away
gruizig	a		gritty
nokvol	a		packed to the rafters
inbussleutel	n	de · mv. inbussleutels	hex head wrench, Allen key
ABC-eilanden	m		ABC Islands (Aruba, Bonaire and Curaçao)
afstrijden	v	streed af – afgestreden	to contradict
Köppen	m		a surname
middelpuntzoekend	a		centripetal
zaadcel	n	de · mv. zaadcellen	sperm cell
spermacel	n	de · mv. spermacellen	sperm cell
achtergrondinformatie	n	de · mv. achtergrondinformaties	background information
achtergrondinfo	n	de	synonym of achtergrondinformatie
dagbesteding	n	de · mv. dagbestedingen	how one spends one's day
daginvulling	n	de · mv. daginvullingen	synonym of dagbesteding
tijdsbesteding	n	de · mv. tijdsbestedingen	how one spends one's time
vrijetijdsbesteding	n	de · mv. vrijetijdsbestedingen	how one spends one's free time
oordeelkundig	a		judicious, wise
onoordeelkundig	a		impolitic, injudicious, unwise
aangrijnsbaar	a		that which can be grinned at; inviting or provoking a grin
aanhechtbaar	a		attachable
aanhoorbaar	a		hearable, audible; tolerable to listen to
aanhoudbaar	a		sustainable, tenable, able to be continued
aanjuichbaar	a		laudable, commendable
aankleedbaar	a		dressable, suitable for putting on clothes
aanklikbaar	a		clickable
aanknoopbaar	a		tieable
aankondigbaar	a		announceable
aankoopbaar	a		purchasable, buyable
aankoppelbaar	a		connectable, couplable
aankweekbaar	a		cultivable
aanleerbaar	a		teachable; learnable
aanmengbaar	a		mixable, blendable
aanmuntbaar	a		mintable, coinable
aannaaibaar	a		sewable, attachable by sewing
aanprijsbaar	a		recommendable, promotable
eerzaam	a		honorable, respectable, virtuous
duldzaam	a		tolerant, patient, able to endure
draagzaam	a		bearable, able to carry weight; bearable, tolerable, able to endure
deelzaam	a		willing or disposed to share, sharing; participatory
bruikzaam	a		in use, operational; useful
bidzaam	a		devout, pious, prayerful
lijdzaam	a		enduring, able to suffer without complaint
leedzaam	a		suffering, sorrowful, painful
leefzaam	a		lively, full of life; promoting life or well-being
heelzaam	a		healing, restorative
handzaam	a		handy, manageable, easy to handle
hulpzaam	a		helpful; willing to assist, obliging
bedrijfsvoorheffing	n	de · mv. bedrijfsvoorheffingen	withholding tax
handbagage	n	de	hand luggage
aanraadbaar	a		recommendable, advisable
aanritsbaar	a		able to be zipped onto, attachable with a zipper
aanroepbaar	a		invokable, able to be called (especially of a function or method)
aanschafbaar	a		purchasable, obtainable by purchase
aanschouwbaar	a		observable, beholdable
aanschrijfbaar	a		able to be written to, able to be addressed in writing
aanspeelbaar	a		able to be passed to (especially of a ball in sports)
aanstelbaar	a		appointable; adjustable
aanstipbaar	a		able to be marked or pointed out, highlightable
aanstreepbaar	a		able to be ticked or marked with a line, checkable
aanstuurbaar	a		controllable, able to be directed
aantrekbaar	a		attractable; able to be put on (of clothing)
aanvechtbaar	a		contestable, challengeable
aanvliegbaar	a		able to be approached by flight
aanvoelbaar	a		perceptible; able to be felt or sensed
aanvoerbaar	a		transportable; able to be supplied or delivered
aanwendbaar	a		applicable; able to be applied or used
aanwijsbaar	a		demonstrable; identifiable
aanzienbaar	a		notable, considerable
absorbeerbaar	a		absorbable
accepteerbaar	a		acceptable
accordeerbaar	a		approvable, endorsable
achterhaalbaar	a		traceable; verifiable
activeerbaar	a		activatable
adembaar	a		breathable
adopteerbaar	a		adoptable
adresseerbaar	a		addressable
adstrueerbaar	a		provable, substantiable
adverteerbaar	a		advertisable
adviseerbaar	a		advisable, recommendable
afbeeldbaar	a		depictable, illustratable
afbetaalbaar	a		payable in installments; able to be repaid in parts
afboekbaar	a		able to be debited or written off
afbreekbaar	a		breakable, demolishable; decomposable, degradable
afbuigbaar	a		deflectable, bendable
afdichtbaar	a		sealable
afdingbaar	a		negotiable; able to be bargained or haggled over
afdraaibaar	a		unscrewable; turnable
afdroogbaar	a		dryable; able to be dried off
afdrukbaar	a		printable, imprintable
afdwingbaar	a		enforceable, compellable
afgrendelbaar	a		lockable, boltable
afgrensbaar	a		demarcatable; definable
afgrijsbaar	a		heinous, horrible
afhaalbaar	a		collectible
afhuurbaar	a		rentable
afklikbaar	a		able to be clicked off or unclicked; able to be detached by a snap-fit mechanism
afknijpbaar	a		squeezable, pinchable (to make it shut)
afknipbaar	a		cuttable, snippable
afknoopbaar	a		untieable, unfastenable; able to be untied
afkoopbaar	a		redeemable
afleesbaar	a		readable; decipherable
afleidbaar	a		distractable; derivable, deducible
afleverbaar	a		deliverable
aflikbaar	a		able to be licked off
aflosbaar	a		repayable; able to be paid off
afluisterbaar	a		able to be listened in on or eavesdropped
afmeetbaar	a		measurable
afneembaar	a		removable; detachable
afpelbaar	a		peelable; able to be peeled off
afraadbaar	a		inadvisable
afregelbaar	a		adjustable, regulatable
koffiezetmachine	n	de · mv. koffiezetmachines	synonym of koffiezetapparaat
zoverre	d		only used in in zoverre (“insofar as”)
afspreekbaar	a		arrangeable
afrekenbaar	a		payable, settleable
afritsbaar	a		removable by zipper; able to be zipped off
aardbaan	n	de · mv. aardbanen	Earth's orbit around the Sun; orbit around Earth
afroepbaar	a		callable, summonable
aardebaan	n	de · mv. aardebanen	subgrade
afrolbaar	a		unrollable; able to be rolled off or unrolled
aardappeloogst	n	de · mv. aardappeloogsten	potato harvest
afschafbaar	a		abolishable
afschakelbaar	a		able to be switched off
afscheidbaar	a		separable
afscheurbaar	a		tearable; able to be torn off
aardlaag	n	de · mv. aardlagen	layer of soil
afschietbaar	a		shootable; able to be shot or shot down; launchable
afschrijfbaar	a		deductible; depreciable
aardoppervlakte	n	de · mv. aardoppervlakten	synonym of aardoppervlak
afschroefbaar	a		unscrewable; able to be unscrewed
afschuifbaar	a		able to be slid or shifted
abrikozenpit	n	de · mv. abrikozenpitten	apricot kernel
afschuwbaar	a		abhorrent, detestable (repugnant; stimulating disgust or detestation)
afslibbaar	a		cloggable, able to be silted up
achtenswaardig	a		respectable, praiseworthy
achtenswaardigheid	n	de	praiseworthiness
achtenswaard	a		synonym of achtenswaardig
afsopbaar	a		wipeable, moppable, cleanable with soap and water
achtingswaard	a		synonym of achtenswaardig
achtingswaardig	a		synonym of achtenswaardig
achtingswaardigheid	n	de	synonym of achtenswaardigheid
afspeelbaar	a		playable (e.g., media, audio, video)
afsplitsbaar	a		splittable; capable of seceding
afspoelbaar	a		rinseable, able to be washed off
afstelbaar	a		adjustable
aftapbaar	a		drainable, tappable
aftastbaar	a		tactile, palpable
afvuurbaar	a		fireable; able to be fired or discharged (e.g., a weapon)
afwasbaar	a		washable, cleanable
afweegbaar	a		weighable; subject to evaluation
afweerbaar	a		defensible; repellable
afwerpbaar	a		discardable, able to be thrown off
afwijkbaar	a		deviable
afwijsbaar	a		rejectable, dismissable
afwikkelbaar	a		settleable, concludable
afwisbaar	a		erasable; wipeable
afwisselbaar	a		interchangeable, alternating
afzeembaar	a		wipeable (with a cloth of chamois leather)
afzetbaar	a		removable, detachable; marketable, sellable
afzichtbaar	a		hideous, repulsive, detestable
afzonderbaar	a		separable, isolatable
achterbeen	n	het · mv. achterbenen	hind leg (of a horse)
voorbeen	n	het · mv. voorbenen	foreleg (of a horse)
achterkeuken	n	de · mv. achterkeukens	synonym of bijkeuken
achtervolgingswaanzin	n	de	synonym of achtervolgingswaan
achtvlak	n	het · mv. achtvlakken	octahedron
octaëder	n	het · mv. octaëders	octahedron
vijfvlak	n	het · mv. vijfvlakken	pentahedron
zesvlak	n	het · mv. zesvlakken	hexahedron
twaalfvlak	n	het · mv. twaalfvlakken	dodecahedron
twintigvlak	n	het · mv. twintigvlakken	icosahedron
veelvlak	n	het · mv. veelvlakken	polyhedron
bereidzaam	a		willing, obliging
beschikzaam	a		accommodating, obliging, compliant
bezorgzaam	a		caring, attentive to the needs of others
bewerkzaam	a		workable; easy to work with; machinable, processable
zeevrucht	n	de · mv. zeevruchten	seafood
fastfoodrestaurant	n	het · mv. fastfoodrestaurants	fast-food restaurant
winterkleding	n	de	winter clothes
winterjas	n	de · mv. winterjassen	winter coat
baanloos	a		jobless, unemployed
assenstelsel	n	het · mv. assenstelsels	coordinate system
pentaëder	n	de · mv. pentaëders	pentahedron
hexaëder	n	de · mv. hexaëders	hexahedron
icosaëder	n	de · mv. icosaëders	icosahedron
tetraëdraal	a		tetrahedral
viervlakkig	a		tetrahedral; having four faces
tetraëdrisch	a		tetrahedral
ademhalingsorgaan	n	het · mv. ademhalingsorganen	respiratory organ
afduwen	v	duwde af – afgeduwd	to push off
afduwer	n	de · mv. afduwers	one who comes to see someone off; one who stays behind
afscheuren	v	scheurde af – afgescheurd	to tear off
afschrapen	v	schraapte af – afgeschraapt	to scrape off
ballastloos	a		ballast-free, without ballast
basteloos	a		without bast
bedachtloos	a		thoughtless, unthinking
bedrijveloos	a		jobless, without a occupation
beenloos	a		legless, without legs
beginselloos	a		unprincipled
brodeloos	a		without bread; destitute, impoverished
bandloos	a		unbanded; without a band
begriploos	a		uncomprehending, without understanding
beseffeloos	a		unaware, without awareness
bewegingloos	a		motionless; immobile
bloemloos	a		flowerless
bezitloos	a		destitute, without possessions
bezwaarloos	a		unobjectionable, without objection
bezinningloos	a		without reflection, thoughtless
boomloos	a		treeless
cashloos	a		cashless
commentaarloos	a		uncommented
kasjmier	n	het	cashmere
kasjmier	a		made of cashmere
sporttrui	n	de · mv. sporttruien	sports jersey
bevestigingsmail	n	de · mv. bevestigingsmails	confirmation e-mail
afvalmateriaal	n	het · mv. afvalmaterialen	waste material, waste product (unwanted material produced during some…
afvalproduct	n	het · mv. afvalproducten	waste product (unwanted material produced during some manufacturing process)
afwaswater	n	het	dishwater
alcoholgebruik	n	het	alcohol consumption
alcoholconsumptie	n	de · mv. alcoholconsumpties	alcohol consumption; serving of an alcoholic beverage
decorloos	a		without decor; lacking decoration
deelloos	a		shareless, having no share; without parts
deugdeloos	a		without virtue; wicked, corrupt
overrijp	a		overripe; too ripe
overruim	a		too spacious; excessively roomy; too wide or too loose (e.g. of clothing)
reisdocument	n	het · mv. reisdocumenten	travel document
incheckbalie	n	de · mv. incheckbalies	check-in desk
waardebon	n	de · mv. waardebonnen	voucher
spotternij	n	de · mv. spotternijen	mockery
eigenrichting	n	de	vigilantism, vigilante justice
veelvoorkomend	a		common (found in large numbers or in a large quantity; usual)
meestvoorkomend	a		most common; most commonly occuring
mondjevol	n	het · mv. mondjesvol	little bit; small amount; limited knowledge (of a language)
afslagplaats	n	de · mv. afslagplaatsen	tee (flat area of ground from which players hit their first shots on a golf…; place where a Dutch auction (reverse auction) is held
promillage	n	het · mv. promillages	permillage
alcoholpercentage	n	het · mv. alcoholpercentages	alcoholic content expressed as a percentage
alcoholpromillage	n	het · mv. alcoholpromillages	alcoholic content (usually of blood) expressed as a permillage
alcoholgehalte	n	het · mv. alcoholgehaltes	alcoholic content
alarminstallatie	n	de · mv. alarminstallaties	alarm system
animatiefilm	n	de · mv. animatiefilms	animated film, animated movie
animatieserie	n	de · mv. animatieseries	animated series
animatiestudio	n	de · mv. animatiestudio's	animation studio
computeranimatie	n	de · mv. computeranimaties	computer animation; animation created with the use of CGI
eenhoog	d		on the second floor (i.e., one floor above the ground floor)
tweehoog	d		on the third floor (i.e., two floors above the ground floor)
driehoog	d		on the fourth floor (i.e., three floors above the ground floor)
vierhoog	d		on the fifth floor (i.e., four floors above the ground floor)
vijfhoog	d		on the sixth floor (i.e., five floors above the ground floor)
afspringen	v	sprong af – afgesprongen	to jump off [with van] (move from an elevated place by one jump); to suddenly shoot off of; to be cut short
bespraakzaam	a		talkative, loquacious
beweegzaam	a		mobile, agile; inclined to move
hoorzaam	a		willing to listen; obedient; loud, able to be heard
behoudbaar	a		able to be kept; preservable
beantwoordbaar	a		answerable
beboetbaar	a		liable to a fine; punishable by a fine
bebouwbaar	a		able to be built on
becijferbaar	a		calculable; estimatable
bederfbaar	a		perishable, liable to spoil
bedienbaar	a		operable; controllable
bedilbaar	a		complainable, demurrable
bedingbaar	a		negotiable, stipulatable
bediscussieerbaar	a		debatable; able to be discussed
bedisselbaar	a		able to be arranged in secret
bedriegbaar	a		deceivable, gullible
bedrukbaar	a		printable
bedwingbaar	a		controllable; able to be restrained or subdued
beëindigbaar	a		endable, terminable
befietsbaar	a		cyclable, able to be cycled upon
bezwembaar	a		swimmable, able to be crossed by swimming
bezuurbaar	a		having to be suffered
bezorgbaar	a		deliverable
begangbaar	a		passable, traversable
behandelbaar	a		treatable, able to be treated (e.g. medically or otherwise)
behaalbaar	a		achievable, attainable, obtainable
begrootbaar	a		estimable, able to be budgeted
begrensbaar	a		demarcatable; limitable
begraasbaar	a		grazeable, able to be grazed on (by livestock)
begeerbaar	a		covetable, desirable
bejaagbaar	a		huntable
bekeerbaar	a		convertible, able to be converted (especially in a religious sense)
bekenbaar	a		acknowledgeable; confessable
bekijkbaar	a		viewable, watchable
beklaagbaar	a		lamentable
beklemtoonbaar	a		emphasizable
beklimbaar	a		climbable
bekoorbaar	a		charmable, able to be charmed or captivated
bekostigbaar	a		affordable; fundable
bekritiseerbaar	a		criticizable
bekroonbaar	a		crownable; awardable, award-winning
belaadbaar	a		loadable, freightable
belachbaar	a		laughable
belangbaar	a		important, of interest
beledigbaar	a		insultable, able to be insulted or offended
beleefbaar	a		experienceable, able to be experienced or lived through
beleenbaar	a		eligible as collateral
belegbaar	a		investable
belegerbaar	a		able to be besieged
beloonbaar	a		rewardable
beluisterbaar	a		listenable, able to be listened to
bemachtigbaar	a		obtainable, acquirable
bemanbaar	a		able to be manned or crewed
bemensbaar	a		able to be manned or crewed
bemerkbaar	a		noticeable, perceivable
bemiddelbaar	a		able to be settled through mediation
beminbaar	a		lovable
bemonsterbaar	a		samplable, able to be sampled
benijdbaar	a		enviable
benoembaar	a		nameable; appointable
benutbaar	a		usable, utilizable
beoefenbaar	a		practicable, able to be practiced
beoordeelbaar	a		assessable
bepaalbaar	a		determinable; definable
bepakbaar	a		packable, able to be packed
beplantbaar	a		plantable, able to be planted on
bepleitbaar	a		defensible; able to be argued or advocated
beproefbaar	a		testable
berechtbaar	a		judgeable; able to be tried in court
beredeneerbaar	a		able to be reasoned
beregelbaar	a		able to be regulated; able to be made into rules
bereidbaar	a		preparable
bereisbaar	a		travelable; able to be traveled across
berekenbaar	a		calculable, calculatable
berispbaar	a		reprehensible; able to be reprimanded or rebuked
beroepbaar	a		able to be appealed or called upon; eligible for a call, available for a call
beschaatsbaar	a		skateable; able to be skated on
beschermbaar	a		protectable; copyrightable
beschietbaar	a		shootable; able to be fired upon or shot at
beschilderbaar	a		paintable; able to be painted or decorated with paint
beschrijfbaar	a		describable
besefbaar	a		comprehensible; able to be realized
beslaapbaar	a		sleepable; able to be slept on
beslisbaar	a		decidable; solvable
besnuffelbaar	a		sniffable; able to be sniffed or investigated by sniffing
bespeelbaar	a		playable; able to be played (e.g., an instrument or piece of music)
bespeurbaar	a		detectable; able to be sensed; trackable
herorganiseren	v	herorganiseerde – herorganiseerd	to reorganize (organize differently); to organize again
bespringbaar	a		able to be jumped on or pounced upon
bespuitbaar	a		sprayable; able to be sprayed or spouted on
bestaanbaar	a		able to exist, existing or capable of existing
besteelbaar	a		able to be stolen from
bestelbaar	a		orderable; deliverable
bestempelbaar	a		stampable; labelable
bestijgbaar	a		climbable; mountable
bestrafbaar	a		punishable
bestrijdbaar	a		combatable; contestable; debatable
bestudeerbaar	a		studyable, investigable
bestuurbaar	a		steerable; controllable; governable
bestierbaar	a		controllable; governable
besurfbaar	a		surfable; able to be surfed on; browsable (on the internet)
teamverband	n	het · mv. teamverbanden	teamwork
betaambaar	a		proper, fitting, becoming
betastbaar	a		touchable, gropeable
betegelbaar	a		tileable
betekenbaar	a		drawable; able to be drawn on
beteugelbaar	a		curbable; able to be restrained or controlled
betoogbaar	a		arguable; provable
betreedbaar	a		enterable; able to be tread upon
betrekbaar	a		able to be settled in; relatable, able to be involved or related
betwijfelbaar	a		doubtful
bevatbaar	a		susceptible; able to be affected (often with voor); able to comprehend or grasp
bevindbaar	a		findable; able to be found or located
bevisbaar	a		fishable; able to be fished at
bevliegbaar	a		able to be flown across; able to be approached by flying
bevoelbaar	a		able to be felt by touching
bevolkbaar	a		habitable; able to be populated or settled
bevorderbaar	a		stimulatable; promotable; able or worthy to be promoted
bevraagbaar	a		able to be questioned or interrogated
bevredigbaar	a		satisfiable, gratifiable
bevreemdbaar	a		surprising
bevriesbaar	a		freezable
bevruchtbaar	a		fertile; able to be fertilized
bewaakbaar	a		guardable; able to be watched over
bewaarbaar	a		storable, preservable
bewandelbaar	a		walkable, traversable
dichtdraaien	v	draaide dicht – dichtgedraaid	to shut off (a tap or a valve)
klimmer	n	de · mv. klimmers	climber (someone or something that climbs)
elektrieker	n	de · mv. elektriekers	electrician (specialist in installing and maintaining electrical equipment)
bestuurzaam	a		inclined to govern; governable
lichtgekleurd	a		light-colored
winkelervaring	n	de · mv. winkelervaringen	shopping experience
diaboloën	v	diabolode – gediabolood	to use a diabolo, to play with a diabolo
broekzakgesprek	n	het · mv. broekzakgesprekken	pocket dial, butt dial
asbestvrij	a		asbestos-free
allergeenvrij	a		allergen-free
aflossingsvrij	a		interest-only (of a loan: with no repayment of principal)
antraxvrij	a		anthrax-free
bacterievrij	a		bacteria-free, bacterialess
barrièrevrij	a		barrier-free, barrierless
beslagvrij	a		exempt from attachment, exempt from seizure
blessurevrij	a		uninjured
boetevrij	a		without a fine or penalty
brandvrij	a		fireproof
jojoën	v	jojode – gejojood	to use a yo-yo, to play with a yo-yo; to vacillate (swing indecisively from one course of action or opinion to…
jojoër	n	de · mv. jojoërs	yo-yoer (one who plays or performs tricks with a yo-yo)
kledingstijl	n	de · mv. kledingstijlen	clothing style
machinelearning	n	de/het	machine learning
tikmachine	n	de · mv. tikmachines	typewriter
cafeïnevrij	a		caffeine-free
cashvrij	a		cashfree, without cash
doorblaasbaar	a		permeable to air; breathable
doorboorbaar	a		pierceable, drillable, penetrable
doorbreekbaar	a		breakable, penetrable
doorgaanbaar	a		passable, traversable, able to proceed through
doorgrondbaar	a		comprehensible, fathomable
doorkambaar	a		combable, able to be combed through
doorkliefbaar	a		splittable, cleavable
doorklikbaar	a		clickable, able to proceed by clicking
doorkruisbaar	a		crossable, traversable
doorloopbaar	a		walkable, passable
doorploegbaar	a		plowable, able to be plowed through
doorprikbaar	a		puncturable, pierceable
doorreisbaar	a		traversable, passable, able to be traveled through
doorrekenbaar	a		calculable
doorschijnbaar	a		translucent, see-through, transparent
doorschrijdbaar	a		passable, traversable
doorslikbaar	a		swallowable
doorspoelbaar	a		flushable
doorsteekbaar	a		pierceable, penetrable
doorstraalbaar	a		radiatable, able to let rays through
doortrekbaar	a		extendable; able to be pulled through
doorverkoopbaar	a		resellable, able to be resold
doorvoerbaar	a		transitable, able to be carried through; conductible
doorzichtbaar	a		transparent, see-through, translucent
doorzoekbaar	a		searchable, able to be searched through
doorzwerfbaar	a		able to be wandered through, traversable by roaming
onderhandelbaar	a		negotiable, bargainable
onderhoudbaar	a		maintainable
onderkenbaar	a		acknowledgeable
onderrijdbaar	a		able to be driven from underneath
onderscheidbaar	a		distinguishable, discernible
onderwijsbaar	a		teachable, educatable
onderzetbaar	a		supportable; able to be placed underneath
onderzoekbaar	a		investigable, researchable
omarmbaar	a		embraceable, huggable
omdraaibaar	a		reversible, rotatable
omgordbaar	a		girdable, able to be girded around
omhelsbaar	a		embraceable, huggable
omkiepbaar	a		overturnable, able to be tipped over
omklapbaar	a		foldable, able to be folded over
ompraatbaar	a		persuadable
omklembaar	a		claspable, clampable, able to be clasped around
omkoopbaar	a		bribable
omlijnbaar	a		outlineable, able to be lined around
omschakelbaar	a		switchable, able to be switched over
omschoolbaar	a		retrainable
omschrijfbaar	a		describable
omsmeedbaar	a		reforgable
omstelbaar	a		adjustable
omstootbaar	a		able to be knocked over
omvadembaar	a		embraceable
omvatbaar	a		encompassable, includable
omvormbaar	a		transformable, reshapable
omvouwbaar	a		foldable, able to be folded over
omwisselbaar	a		exchangeable, interchangeable
omwrikbaar	a		leverable, able to be pried open
omzeilbaar	a		circumventable, avoidable, able to be bypassed
omzetbaar	a		able to be turned over; convertible; exchangeable
zijen	a		Holland form of zijden (“silken”)
gelijkopgaand	a		evenly matched
maarts	a		of or pertaining to the month of March
aprils	a		of or pertaining to the month of April
Hondius	m		Hondius: a surname from Latin
weerhoudbaar	a		restrainable; preventable
weerkaatsbaar	a		reflectable
weerlegbaar	a		refutable
weerspreekbaar	a		refutable; contradictable
wegklapbaar	a		able to be folded away
wegklikbaar	a		dismissible, able to be clicked away
weglaatbaar	a		omissible, able to be omitted
weglegbaar	a		able to be put away, able to be set aside
wegneembaar	a		removable, detachable; demountable, dismountable
wegrolbaar	a		able to be rolled away
wegschuifbaar	a		able to be slid away; able to be shoved away
wegstuurbaar	a		dismissible; able to be sent away
wegvouwbaar	a		able to be folded away
wegwerpbaar	a		disposable, able to be thrown away
wegzendbaar	a		dismissable, able to be sent away
terugbetaalbaar	a		repayable, refundable
terughaalbaar	a		retrievable; recallable
terugklapbaar	a		able to be folded back
terugneembaar	a		retakeable; retrievable; recallable
terugspoelbaar	a		rewindable
terugtrekbaar	a		withdrawable; retractable
terugvindbaar	a		recoverable, retrievable
terugvorderbaar	a		reclaimable, able to be demanded back
voorbedrukbaar	a		preprintable
voorleesbaar	a		able to be read aloud
voorkombaar	a		preventable, avoidable
toewijsbaar	a		assignable
toevoegbaar	a		addible, addable
toeschrijfbaar	a		attributable, ascribable
toeneembaar	a		increasable
toeklapbaar	a		able to be closed by folding
toekenbaar	a		conferrable, grantable; attributable
botgeleiding	n	de	bone conduction
toejuichbaar	a		applaudable, praiseworthy
toegeefbaar	a		concedable; admittable
toegangbaar	a		accessible
uitbeeldbaar	a		depictable, representable
uitblusbaar	a		extinguishable
uitborstelbaar	a		able to be brushed out
uitbouwbaar	a		expandable, able to be extended by building upon
uitbreidbaar	a		expandable, extendable
uitbuitbaar	a		exploitable
uitdampbaar	a		evaporable, vaporizable
uitdeelbaar	a		distributable
uitdrijfbaar	a		expellable
uitdrukbaar	a		expressible; able to be pressed out
uiteenneembaar	a		removable in parts, able to be taken apart
uitgeefbaar	a		spendable; issuable; publishable
uithuwbaar	a		able to be married off
gitaarspelen	v	speelde gitaar – gitaargespeeld	to play guitar
eindejaarsdiner	n	het · mv. eindejaarsdiners	end-of-year dinner
motorlaars	n	de · mv. motorlaarzen	motorcycle boot
uitkambaar	a		able to be combed out
uitkeerbaar	a		able to be paid out
uitklapbaar	a		foldable, able to be folded out
uitknijpbaar	a		squeezable, able to be squeezed out
uitknipbaar	a		croppable, able to be cut out
uitknoopbaar	a		unbuttonable, able to be unbuttoned
uitkoopbaar	a		able to be bought out
uitleenbaar	a		lendable, able to be lent out
uitleesbaar	a		readable, able to be read out
uitlegbaar	a		explainable
uitloogbaar	a		leachable, able to be leached out
uitlootbaar	a		amortizable, redeemable (of obligations of loans); able to be drawn by lot
uitoefenbaar	a		exertable
uitplaatsbaar	a		relocatable
uitprintbaar	a		printable, able to be printed out
uitputbaar	a		exhaustible, depletable
uitrekbaar	a		stretchable, able to be stretched out
uitrijdbaar	a		extendible; able to be driven out
uitritsbaar	a		unzippable, able to be unzipped
uitroeibaar	a		eradicable, exterminatable
uitrolbaar	a		unrollable, able to be rolled out
uitruilbaar	a		exchangeable
uitschakelbaar	a		deactivatable, able to be switched off
uitscheurbaar	a		able to be torn out
uitschietbaar	a		able to shoot out
uitschrijfbaar	a		cancellable, unsubscribable, deregisterable; able to be written down
uitschroefbaar	a		unscrewable, able to be unscrewed
uitschuifbaar	a		able to be slid out; able to be shoved out
uitsluitbaar	a		excludable; precludable
uitsplitsbaar	a		able to be split up
uitspoelbaar	a		rinseable, able to be rinsed out
uitstaanbaar	a		endurable, tolerable
uitstelbaar	a		postponable, delayable
uitstrijkbaar	a		spreadable, able to be spread out by stroking
uitstulpbaar	a		able to bulge out
uittrekbaar	a		able to be pulled out
uitvouwbaar	a		unfoldable, able to be spread out by unfolding
uitwasbaar	a		able to be washed out
uitwerkbaar	a		able to be elaborated on
uitwerpbaar	a		ejectable, able to be thrown out
uitwisselbaar	a		exchangeable, swappable
uitwringbaar	a		wringable, able to be wrung out
uitzendbaar	a		deployable, able to be sent out; broadcastable, able to be broadcast
uitzetbaar	a		expandable, extendable; able to be expelled or expatriated
uitzwenkbaar	a		able to be swung out
tegenstelbaar	a		opposable
tegenspreekbaar	a		contradictable
nabestelbaar	a		able to be reordered; able to be ordered afterwards
nabootsbaar	a		mimicable; replicatable
nadenkbaar	a		able to be thought about
nafluitbaar	a		able to be mimicked by whistling
nagaanbaar	a		verifiable, checkable
naleefbaar	a		able to be complied with
namaakbaar	a		copiable, counterfeitable
naspeelbaar	a		replayable; reenactable
naspeurbaar	a		traceable; investigatable
naspoorbaar	a		tracable, trackable
nastreefbaar	a		pursuable, worthy to be strived for
natrekbaar	a		checkable; traceable
navertelbaar	a		retellable, able to be told afterwards
navoelbaar	a		empathizable, able to feel someone else's feeling
navolgbaar	a		able to be followed; emulatable
navraagbaar	a		enquirable
navulbaar	a		refillable
nawijsbaar	a		indicatable, able to be pointed out
nazegbaar	a		recitable, able to be repeated verbally
nazingbaar	a		able to be reproduced by singing, able to be echoed
vergaderruimte	n	de · mv. vergaderruimten	meeting room
fotokopieerapparaat	n	het · mv. fotokopieerapparaten	photocopier
kopieerapparaat	n	het · mv. kopieerapparaten	photocopier
kopieermachine	n	de · mv. kopieermachines	photocopier
welvoeglijk	a		decorous, decent
kunstgalerij	n	de · mv. kunstgalerijen	art gallery
sterrenkaart	n	de · mv. sterrenkaarten	star chart
inzwart	a		extremely black
inzwak	a		extremely weak
inzuur	a		extremely sour
inzoet	a		extremely sweet
invroom	a		extremely pious
inschoon	a		extremely clean; extremely beautiful
inscherp	a		extremely sharp
innet	a		extremely neat; extremely proper
inmooi	a		extremely beautiful, very pretty
inlief	a		extremely lovely; extremely dear
ingoed	a		extremely good; extremely kind
ingemeen	a		extremely mean, very nasty
infijn	a		extremely fine; very delicate or refined
inbitter	a		extremely bitter
indroog	a		extremely dry
balije	n	de · mv. balijen	bailiwick (territorial division of a major (military) chivalric order or…
fantasierijk	a		imaginative; fanciful, inventive
schilderrijk	a		picturesque
sfeerrijk	a		atmospheric; evocative
smaakrijk	a		flavorsome; tasteful
sneeuwrijk	a		snowy
marketen	v	markette – gemarket	to market
Mallorcaans	a		Mallorcan
Mallorcaan	n	de · mv. Mallorcanen	Mallorcan
Adriënne	m		a female given name, equivalent to English Adrienne
rockfestival	n	het · mv. rockfestivals	rock festival
schaakspelen	v	speelde schaak – schaakgespeeld	to play chess
kaaswinkel	n	de · mv. kaaswinkels	cheese shop
medeleerling	n	de · mv. medeleerlingen	classmate
kaashandelaar	n	de · mv. kaashandelaars	cheesemonger, cheese merchant
lactose-intolerant	a		lactose intolerant
blokletter	n	de · mv. blokletters	block letter
blokletteren	v	blokletterde – geblokletterd	to display in block letters, particularly as a headline in a newspaper
schrijfletter	n	de · mv. schrijfletters	cursive (cursive character, letter or font)
blokschrift	n	het	writing in block letters
angstdroom	n	de · mv. angstdromen	synonym of nachtmerrie (“nightmare”)
angstgevoel	n	het · mv. angstgevoelen	feeling of fear
verantwoordelijkheidsgevoel	n	het	sense of responsibility, feeling of responsibility
eindverantwoordelijk	a		ultimately responsible
eindverantwoordelijke	n	de · mv. eindverantwoordelijken	ultimately responsible person
angstzweet	n	het	cold sweat (from the experiencing of fear)
zweetgeur	n	de · mv. zweetgeuren	smell of sweat, sweaty odor
astmapatiënt	n	de · mv. astmapatiënten	asthmatic
astmalijder	n	de · mv. astmalijders	synonym of astmapatiënt
astmaticus	n	de · mv. astmatici	synonym of astmapatiënt
astmatiek	a		synonym of astmatisch
astmatisch	a		asthmatic
bovenverdieping	n	de · mv. bovenverdiepingen	upper floor
muzieksmaak	n	de · mv. muzieksmaken	music taste
Pajottegem	m		a municipality of Flemish Brabant, Belgium
astma-aanval	n	de · mv. astma-aanvallen	asthma attack
caloriearm	a		low-calorie
calorierijk	a		calorie-ful
kansarm	a		disadvantaged, having few opportunities
kansarme	n	de · mv. kansarmen	disadvantaged person, person with few opportunities
alcoholarm	a		low-alcohol
suikervrij	a		sugar-free
suikerarm	a		low-sugar, containing little sugar
onderdrijven	v	onderdreef – onderdreven	to understate; to float under
Alkie	m		A nickname of Alkmaar
oplossingsgericht	a		solution-oriented
oplossingsgerichtheid	n	de	solution-orientedness
gerichtheid	n	de	focus (concentration of attention)
hazelmuis	n	de · mv. hazelmuizen	hazel dormouse (Muscardinus avellanarius)
vastigheid	n	de	stability, steadiness, fastness, firmness
lastigheid	n	de · mv. lastigheden	difficulty, trickiness
armlastigheid	n	de	poverty; impoverishment
oud-collega	n	de · mv. oud-collegae	former colleague
standvastigheid	n	de	steadfastness
optater	n	de · mv. optaters	a resounding blow, punch, whack, as with a fist; a hard hit, a bad blow, a severe setback
prikkelbaredarmsyndroom	n	het	irritable bowel syndrome
downsyndroom	n	het	Down syndrome
subassertief	a		subassertive
godzijfuckingdank	i		thank fuck
schuinte	n	de · mv. schuinten	slante, tilt, slope
Schoeters	m		a surname
stilletjesaan	d		synonym of zachtjesaan
zoetjes	d		sweetly, softly, gently
taakgericht	a		task-oriented
taakgerichtheid	n	de	task-orientedness
aanbodgericht	a		supply-oriented, supply-driven
aanbodgestuurd	a		synonym of aanbodgericht
aanbodgedreven	a		synonym of aanbodgericht
vraaggericht	a		demand-oriented, demand-driven
vraaggestuurd	a		synonym of vraaggericht
vraaggedreven	a		synonym of vraaggericht
actiegericht	a		focused on action
actiegerichtheid	n	de	focus on action
ambeteren	v	ambeteerde – geambeteerd	to annoy, gall
mevreer	n	de · mv. mevreren	A gender-neutral title used instead of meneer or mevrouw
jolijt	n	de/het	revelry, merriment
lichtdicht	a		light-tight
lichtdichtheid	n	de	the degree to which something is light-tight
klimaatbeheersing	n	de · mv. klimaatbeheersingen	air conditioning
ringmap	n	de · mv. ringmappen	ring binder
USB-stick	n	de · mv. USB-sticks	USB stick
paasmaandag	n	de · mv. paasmaandagen	Easter Monday
allergeenarm	a		hypoallergenic, minimally allergenic
hypoallergeen	a		hypoallergenic
antiallergeen	a		antiallergenic
beleidsarm	a		lacking policy; that doesn't consider new policies
beleidsarmoede	n	de	lack of policy
bloedarm	a		anemic; extremely poor
anemisch	a		anemic
cholesterolarm	a		low-cholesterol, low in cholesterol
contactarm	a		lacking social contact, nearly socially isolated
contactarmoede	n	de	lack of social contact, near social isolation
bankzaak	n	de · mv. bankzaken	banking matter; bank branch
voorbijvliegen	v	vloog voorbij – voorbijgevlogen	to fly by, to fly past (to physically move past a point or person at high speed); to fly by (to pass very quickly)
ringband	n	de · mv. ringbanden	ring binder
bankgegeven	n	het · mv. bankgegevens	bank datum, financial datum (a single piece of bank data)
bigshopper	n	de · mv. bigshoppers	A large and sturdy shopping bag
typaids	n	de	A notional disease causing people to make typos
hoofsheid	n	de · mv. hoofsheden	courtliness
eiwitarm	a		low-protein
leefwereld	n	de · mv. leefwerelden	lifeworld
spelconsole	n	de · mv. spelconsoles	video game console
werkadres	n	het · mv. werkadressen	work address
Vogezen	m		Vosges (a mountain range in eastern France)
bachelordiploma	n	het · mv. bachelordiploma's	bachelor's degree
emissiearm	a		low-emission
energierijk	a		providing much energy
energievol	a		energetic
energie-efficiënt	a		energy-efficient
energiezuinigheid	n	de	energy-efficiency, the extent to which something is energy-efficient
energie-efficiëntie	n	de	synonym of energiezuinigheid
energieverslindend	a		power-hungry, energy-intensive, using a lot of power or energy
energievretend	a		synonym of energieverslindend
energieslurpend	a		synonym of energieverslindend
energiebesparend	a		energy-saving
energieverspillend	a		energy-wasting
energiebesparing	n	de · mv. energiebesparingen	act of saving energy
energieverspilling	n	de · mv. energieverspillingen	waste of energy
energiegerelateerd	a		related to energy
energiebewust	a		conscious of energy usage
energiebewustzijn	n	het	consciousness about energy usage
geluidsarm	a		not producing much sound
geruisarm	a		producing little noise
defenestratie	n	de · mv. defenestraties	defenestration
pardellos	n	de · mv. pardellossen	synonym of pardellynx
gevoelsarm	a		emotionless, insensitive
gevoelsarmoede	n	de	emotionlessness, insensitivity
kalkarm	a		low-calcium
kapitaalarm	a		low-capital, not well-funded
kinderarm	a		with few children
kinderarm	n	de · mv. kinderarmen	child's arm
kinderrijk	a		with many children
Gordts	m		a surname
peilschaal	n	de · mv. peilschalen	staff gauge used for measuring the water level or the level of another fluid
kinderarme	n	de · mv. kinderarmen	person with few children
kinderrijke	n	de · mv. kinderrijken	person with many children
kinderrijkheid	n	de	state or quality of having many children; measure of how many children there are
kroostrijk	a		with many children, having many offspring
koolhydraatarm	a		low-carb, low in carbohydrates
koolhydraatgehalte	n	het · mv. koolhydraatgehalten	carbohydrate content
kunstarm	n	de · mv. kunstarmen	prosthetic arm, fake arm
kunstarm	a		having little art, lacking art
kwaliteitsarm	a		low-quality
kwaliteitsvol	a		high-quality
loodarm	a		low in lead content, containing little lead
nicotinearm	a		low-nicotine
nicotinevrij	a		without nicotine
ozonarm	a		containing little ozone
ozonrijk	a		ozone-rich, containing much ozone
risicoarm	a		low-risk
risicovol	a		high-risk, risky
risicoloos	a		riskless, risk-free
risicovrij	a		synonym of risicoloos
rookarm	a		producing little smoke
rookvrij	a		smoke-free, non-smoking; not producing any smoke
Pietje	m		a diminutive of the male given name Piet
Henkie	m		a diminutive of the male given name Henk
offreren	v	offreerde – geoffreerd	to offer
soortenarm	a		not biodiverse, having few different species
soortenrijk	a		biodiverse
taalarm	a		having limited language capabilities
legsel	n	het · mv. legsels	The eggs that have been laid by an animal, taken together
horlepiep	n	de	hornpipe (style of dance from the British Isles); hornpipe (type of music associated with the dance)
broedsucces	n	het · mv. broedsuccessen	reproductive success
raspatat	n	de	potato fries made from potato powder
havikskruid	n	het · mv. havikskruiden	hawkweed (Hieracium spp. and some species of related genera, such as Pilosella)
ariseren	v	ariseerde – geariseerd	to Aryanize
taalarmoede	n	de	prevelance of limited language skills
verkeersarm	a		low-traffic, having little traffic
verkeersvrij	a		without traffic
verkeersluw	a		uninviting to traffic; having imposed traffic calming measures
vitaminearm	a		low in vitamins, containing few vitamins
vitaminerijk	a		vitamin-rich, containing many vitamins
vochtarm	a		having little moisture, not very moist
vochtvrij	a		without moisture
waterarm	a		having little water
waterarm	n	de · mv. waterarmen	waterstream
watervrij	a		waterfree, waterless; watertight, waterproof; not afraid of water, feeling at ease in water
waterrijk	a		water-rich, having much water
waterrijkdom	n	de · mv. waterrijkdommen	prevalence of water
waterproef	n	de · mv. waterproeven	trial by ordeal involving water; any trial or experiment involving water
zoutarm	a		containing little salt
zwavelarm	a		containing little sulfur
zwavelrijk	a		sulfur-rich, containing much sulfur
zwavelvrij	a		sulfurless, sulfur-free
muurhavikskruid	n	het	wall hawkweed (Hieracium murorum)
programmakeuze	n	de · mv. programmakeuzen	program selection
hoogbegaafd	a		mentally gifted (said especially of children)
deurspion	n	de · mv. deurspionnen	peephole
kijkgat	n	het · mv. kijkgaten	peephole
judasoog	n	het · mv. judasogen	peephole
blauwboek	n	het · mv. blauwboeken	a report, particularly an official report
zwartboek	n	het · mv. zwartboeken	Black Book (book documenting, criticizing and/or denouncing a perceived evil)
RAM-geheugen	n	het	synonym of RAM (“random-access memory”)
geraas	n	het	The act of raging; a rage; The act of ranting
poepiebruin	a		very tanned
drachtplant	n	de · mv. drachtplanten	A plant which is a source of nectar for insects
bikiniklaar	a		ready to wear a bikini; having a bikini body
bikiniproof	a		synonym of bikiniklaar
visuil	n	de · mv. visuilen	fish owl (any of a number of owls of genus Ketupa, which mostly hunt fish)
zomerproof	a		ready for the summer; fit to handle the summer
kribbig	a		irritable, bad-tempered, fractious
abortustoerisme	n	het	abortion tourism
abortustoerist	n	de · mv. abortustoeristen	abortion tourist
kangoeroewoning	n	de · mv. kangoeroewoningen	residence with a secondary suite
kangoeroehuis	n	het · mv. kangoeroehuizen	house with a secondary suite
kangoeroeappartement	n	het · mv. kangoeroeappartementen	duplex apartment
duplexwoning	n	de · mv. duplexwoningen	duplex (house made up of two dwelling units)
taalnazi	n	de · mv. taalnazi's	grammar Nazi
brievenbussticker	n	de · mv. brievenbusstickers	sticker placed on one's letterbox to indicate which kinds of (unaddressed)…
woonschaamte	n	de	sense of guilt for one's living situation, for example owning a house during…
vleesschaamte	n	de	sense of guilt for eating meat, considering its environmental impact
beeldenrijk	a		pictorial, graphic, evocative
scheefwonen	v	woonde scheef – scheefgewoond	to continue to live in social housing after improving one's financial…
superleuk	a		very nice, very enjoyable
ongedurig	a		restless, nervous
zurig	a		sourish, tangy
vuilmaken	v	maakte vuil – vuilgemaakt	to dirty, to soil, to stain
beeldenrijkdom	n	de · mv. beeldenrijkdommen	pictoriality, evocativeness
spoedpost	n	de · mv. spoedposten	A type of healthcare facility, located on hospital premises, that screens…
huisartsenpost	n	de · mv. huisartsenposten	GP out of hours service (a facility that provides primary care at night,…
helmbloem	n	de · mv. helmbloemen	corydalis (Corydalis spp. and related species previously counted in that genus)
rietzakspin	n	de · mv. rietzakspinnen	Clubiona phragmitis (a species of spider)
zakspin	n	de · mv. zakspinnen	sac spider (Clubionidae spp.)
struikzakspin	n	de · mv. struikzakspinnen	synonym of zakspin (“sac spider”)
waterdrieblad	n	het	buckbean (Menyanthes trifoliata)
PHPD	n	het	A fictive syndrome used as a catch-all for minor ailments afflicting…
f5'en	v	f5'de – ge-f5'd	to F5
plaatsnemen	v	nam plaats – plaatsgenomen	to take a seat, to sit down
Noord-Amerikaans	a		North American
verfvlek	n	de · mv. verfvlekken	paint stain
kunstcriticus	n	de · mv. kunstcritici	art critic
Grunn	m		synonym of Groningen
familieanamnese	n	de · mv. familieanamneses	family anamnesis, account of a family's medical history
heteroanamnese	n	de · mv. heteroanamneses	heteroamnesis
anamnestisch	a		anamnestic (of or pertaining to anamnesis)
bloemenrijk	a		synonym of bloemrijk (“having many flowers, flowery”)
bloemrijkheid	n	de	state or quality of having many flowers; measure of how many flowers there are; ornateness
bloemenrijkdom	n	de	state or quality of having many flowers; measure of how many flowers there are
bloemrijkdom	n	de	synonym of bloemrijkheid
detailrijk	a		detailed
detailrijkheid	n	de	detailedness
eenkennig	a		tending to stick to what is familiar; hesitant towards unknown people,…
eenkennigheid	n	de	tendency to stick to what is familiar; hesitance towards unknown people,…
aardachtig	a		Earthlike; earthy (resembling dirt or soil)
advocaatachtig	a		lawyerlike, lawyerly; resembling advocaat
motjo	n	de · mv. motjo's	whore, slut; the activity of reading a text aloud to an audience in the evening in a…
schildblad	n	het	Indian rhubarb, umbrella plant (Darmera peltata)
muizenis	n	de · mv. muizenissen	an instance of pondering or something that is pondered; particularly, a worry
gotspieus	a		insolent, impudent
bioblitzen	v	bioblitzte – gebioblitzt	to engage in a bioblitz
veelbeluisterd	a		widely listened to, popular among listeners
eindejaarsfeest	n	het · mv. eindejaarsfeesten	end-of-year party
weerzien	v	zag weer – weergezien	to see again
groepsactiviteit	n	de · mv. groepsactiviteiten	group activity
Bijlmer	m		Bijlmermeer (a borough and neighbourhood of Amsterdam, North Holland,…
Feyenoord	m		Feyenoord Rotterdam, a football club from Rotterdam
doepa	n	de	synonym of wierook (“incense”)
toneeldocent	n	de · mv. toneeldocenten	drama teacher
trainingsbroek	n	de · mv. trainingsbroeken	track pants
kwaliteitsproduct	n	het · mv. kwaliteitsproducten	quality product
pottenkijker	n	de · mv. pottenkijkers	looky-loo, snoop, busybody
Keulemans	m		a surname
Linkeroever	m		a neighborhood of the city of Antwerp, province of Antwerp, Belgium
ongelofeloos	a		synonym of ongelooflijk
lobbyen	v	lobbyde – gelobbyd	to lobby
atoomlobby	n	de · mv. atoomlobby's	lobby for nuclear power
autolobby	n	de · mv. autolobby's	car lobby
bankenlobby	n	de · mv. bankenlobby's	banking lobby
boerenlobby	n	de · mv. boerenlobby's	farmers' lobby
landbouwlobby	n	de · mv. landbouwlobby's	agricultural lobby
tabakslobby	n	de · mv. tabakslobby's	tobacco lobby
wapenlobby	n	de · mv. wapenlobby's	gun lobby
paranormaal	a		paranormal
paranormaal	d		paranormally
betijen	v	betijde – betijd	to let be
verongelijken	v	verongelijkte – verongelijkt	to wrong, offend
waterboarden	v	waterboardde – gewaterboard	to waterboard
antilopeachtig	a		antelopelike
aspergeachtig	a		asparagus-like
aubergineachtig	a		auberginey, eggplanty; resembling the color aubergine
azijnachtig	a		vinegary (sour; like vinegar)
baasachtig	a		bossy
geocachen	v	geocachete – gegeocachet	to geocache
vredelievend	a		irenic, peace-loving
kalkminnend	a		calciphilous
zuurminnend	a		acidophilic
vaatwastablet	n	de/het · mv. vaatwastabletten	dishwasher tablet
logeerkamer	n	de · mv. logeerkamers	guest room
protserig	a		ostentatious
praalzucht	n	de	ostentation
gegeerd	a		desired, sought-after, coveted
voorjaarsgentiaan	n	de · mv. voorjaarsgentianen	spring gentian (Gentiana verna)
lentegentiaan	n	de · mv. lentegentianen	synonym of voorjaarsgentiaan (“spring gentian”)
amandelwolfsmelk	n	de	wood spurge (Euphorbia amygdaloides)
boshyacint	n	de · mv. boshyacinten	bluebell, common bluebell (Hyacinthoides non-scripta)
kluitig	a		lumpy, cloddy
maandloon	n	het · mv. maandlonen	monthly wages
jaarloon	n	het · mv. jaarlonen	yearly wages
Canisius	m		Canisius: a surname from Latin; a surname from Latin
hinkelen	v	hinkelde – gehinkeld	to play the hopscotch
hinkelen	n	het	the hopscotch
consacreren	v	consacreerde – geconsacreerd	to consecrate, sanctify
Lelong	m		a surname
Jorn	m		a male given name
Verberckmoes	m		a surname
zuurtegraad	n	de · mv. zuurtegraden	pH value
borstsparend	a		that keeps the breast intact; that doesn't require a mastectomy
borstbesparend	a		synonym of borstsparend
onderontwikkeld	a		underdeveloped, poorly developed
onontwikkeld	a		undeveloped
inloopkast	n	de · mv. inloopkasten	walk-in closet, dressing room
inloopdouche	n	de · mv. inloopdouches	walk-in shower
douchekop	n	de · mv. douchekoppen	showerhead (perforated nozzle that showers water on a bather)
douchegel	n	de/het · mv. douchegels	shower gel
holderdebolder	d		helter-skelter
trechterborst	n	de · mv. trechterborsten	pectus excavatum
hinkelbaan	n	de · mv. hinkelbanen	hopscotch court
babbelachtig	a		chattery, loquacious
babbelachtigheid	n	de	loquaciousness
bosereprijs	n	de · mv. bosereprijzen	wood speedwell (Veronica montana)
moeraswolfsmelk	n	de	marsh spurge (Euphorbia palustris)
nulmeting	n	de · mv. nulmetingen	baseline measurement
schildersmateriaal	n	het · mv. schildersmaterialen	painting material
binnenblijven	v	bleef binnen – binnengebleven	to stay indoors
twintigtal	n	het · mv. twintigtallen	a group of twenty or about twenty
regeringsformatie	n	de · mv. regeringsformaties	government formation
convenabel	a		appropriate, suitable, decent
bedaagd	a		aged, elderly; sedate, staid
snokken	v	snokte – gesnokt	to jerk, yank, tug; to masturbate
Koersk	m		Kursk (a city in Kursk Oblast, the administrative centre of Kursky Raion and…
motjovogel	n	de · mv. motjovogels	Black-capped donacobius (Donacobius atricapilla)
penningkruid	n	het	moneywort, creeping Jenny (Lysimachia nummularia)
kledingmerk	n	het · mv. kledingmerken	clothing brand
Eyskens	m		a surname
Haegebaert	m		a surname
babyachtig	a		babyish, babylike
bedelachtig	a		beggarlike, wheedling
beenachtig	a		bony, bonelike
botachtig	a		bony, bonelike
bh-achtig	a		bra-like, resembling or characteristic of a bra
beigeachtig	a		beigey, beigeish
bladachtig	a		leaflike
bloemachtig	a		flowery, flowerlike
bloemig	a		flowery; floury
bosachtig	a		wooded, foresty
bossig	a		wooded, foresty; bushy
woudachtig	a		synonym of bosachtig
snollebol	n	de · mv. snollebollen	slut
briefgeheim	n	het	secrecy of correspondence
telecommunicatiegeheim	n	het	secrecy of correspondence in the context of telecommunications
telecommunicatie	n	de · mv. telecommunicaties	telecommunications
bh-band	n	de · mv. bh-banden	bra strap
koekwaus	a		crazy, mad
koekwaus	n	de · mv. koekwausen	crazy person, loon, idiot
tailleband	n	de · mv. taillebanden	waistband
branieachtig	a		brash, impetuous
brijachtig	a		mushy, goopy
brijig	a		mushy, goopy; muddy, indistinct
papperig	a		pappy, mushy, goopy, porridgelike
moeraswederik	n	de · mv. moeraswederiken	tufted loosestrife (Lysimachia thyrsiflora)
bunkerachtig	a		bunkerlike, bunkeresque, bunkerish
burgeroorlogachtig	a		Resembling or characteristic of a civil war
caféachtig	a		barlike, publike; café-like, resembling a coffee shop
kroegachtig	a		publike, barlike
cartoonachtig	a		cartoony, cartoonish
christusachtig	a		Christlike
circusachtig	a		circuslike
clownachtig	a		clownish, clownlike
kruisbladig	a		cross-leaved; having cross-shaped leaves, or leaves that are arranged crosswise
sportkleed	n	het · mv. sportkleren	sports garment
sportkleren	n		sports clothes
Otrobanda	m		Otrobanda (a neighbourhood of Willemstad, Curaçao)
Valke	m		a surname
touroperator	n	de · mv. touroperators	tour operator
fietsroute	n	de · mv. fietsroutes	bicycle route
Oostwegel	m		a surname
Playa	m		Oranjestad (the capital city of Aruba, Netherlands); Kralendijk (the capital city of Bonaire, Netherlands)
ontgoocheling	n	de · mv. ontgoochelingen	disappointment, disillusionment
orgeade	n	de	horchata (drink); orgeat (syrup)
Criekemans	m		a surname
dichtbebost	a		densely forested
avondvullend	a		that occupies the whole evening
middagvullend	a		that occupies the whole afternoon
ochtendvullend	a		that occupies the whole morning
dagvullend	a		that occupies the whole day
beeldvullend	a		screen-filling; covering the entire image
paginavullend	a		full-page, page-filling
zakkenvullen	v		to profiteer
zakkenvullend	a		money-grubbing, profiteering
zakkenvullerij	n	de	profiteering
vijfjaarsoverleving	n	de · mv. vijfjaarsoverlevingen	chance of surviving the next five years
overlevingscriminaliteit	n	de	crime committed in order to survive
overlevingsdrang	n	de	survival instinct (will to live and thrive)
overlevingsdrift	n	de	synonym of overlevingsdrang
overlevingsinstinct	n	het	survival instinct
overlevingskans	n	de · mv. overlevingskansen	chance of survival
overlevingsmechanisme	n	het · mv. overlevingsmechanismen	survival mechanism
overlevingsstrategie	n	de · mv. overlevingsstrategieën	survival strategy
zwemband	n	de · mv. zwembanden	swim ring
stuurmanschap	n	het	helmsmanship
krasvrij	a		scratchproof
krasbestendig	a		scratchproof
krasvast	a		scratchproof
tweeënhalf	u		two and a half
drieënhalf	u		three and a half
vierenhalf	u		four and a half
vijfenhalf	u		five and a half
zesenhalf	u		six and a half
zevenenhalf	u		seven and a half
achtenhalf	u		eight and a half
negenenhalf	u		nine and a half
tienenhalf	u		ten and a half
elfenhalf	u		eleven and a half
twaalfenhalf	u		twelve and a half
halfeen	d		half past twelve
halftwee	d		half past one
halfdrie	d		half past two
halfvier	d		half past three
halfvijf	d		half past four
halfzes	d		half past five
halfzeven	d		half past six
halfacht	d		half past seven
halfnegen	d		half past eight
halftien	d		half past nine
halfelf	d		half past ten
halftwaalf	d		half past eleven
groentebed	n	het · mv. groentebedden	vegetable bed, vegetable patch
bosschage	n	het · mv. bosschages	small forest
Florentië	m		synonym of Florence
pruimentijd	n	de	plum season
Liesje	m		a diminutive of the female given name Lies
kuifibis	n	de · mv. kuifibissen	Madagascar ibis (Lophotibis cristata)
kooiker	n	de · mv. kooikers	keeper of a duck decoy; synonym of kooikerhond
muizenstaart	n	de · mv. muizenstaarten	a mouse's tail; mousetail (Myosurus minimus)
versproduct	n	het · mv. versproducten	Food product that does not keep for long (e.g. fruit, vegetables, potatoes,…
speelgoedafdeling	n	de · mv. speelgoedafdelingen	toy department, toy section (part of the store where toys are sold)
Eeckhout	m		a surname
Termote	m		a surname
Depraetere	m		a surname
Smekens	m		a surname
Jambon	m		a surname
halvemaan	n	de · mv. halvemanen	half-moon; crescent
doelgericht	a		goal-oriented
doelgerichtheid	n	de	goal-orientedness
veelgesteld	a		frequently asked
meestgesteld	a		most frequently asked
copyrighten	v	copyrightte – gecopyright	to copyright (obtain or secure a copyright for some literary or other…
copyrighthouder	n	de · mv. copyrighthouders	copyright holder
auteursrechtelijk	a		related to copyright
auteursrechtenbureau	n	het · mv. auteursrechtenbureaus	copyright agency
auteursrechtenorganisatie	n	de · mv. auteursrechtenorganisaties	copyright organization
auteursrechthebbende	n	de · mv. auteursrechthebbenden	copyright holder
stooksel	n	het · mv. stooksels	spirits
slaaptekort	n	het · mv. slaaptekorten	lack of sleep
spielerei	n	de · mv. spielereien	mere play; a game; nothing serious
blikopener	n	de · mv. blikopeners	can opener
flesopener	n	de · mv. flesopeners	bottle opener
suizebollen	v	suizebolde – gesuizebold	to doze off; to daze
uitstijgen	v	steeg uit – uitgestegen	to transcend, rise up, stand out
rijstpudding	n	de · mv. rijstpuddingen	rice pudding
wauwelen	v	wauwelde – gewauweld	to jabber, babble; to chew, nibble
familiemaaltijd	n	de · mv. familiemaaltijden	family meal
boodschappenlijst	n	de · mv. boodschappenlijsten	grocery list
hoofdbreken	n	het · mv. hoofdbrekens	synonym of hoofdbreker
buitenslands	d		abroad (beyond the bounds of a country; in foreign countries)
binnenslands	d		domestically, within the country
betonvloer	n	de · mv. betonvloeren	concrete floor
bestemmingsverkeer	n	het	way-traffic, local traffic (as opposed to through traffic)
bestudering	n	de · mv. bestuderingen	studying, examination, investigation
bestaansrecht	n	het · mv. bestaansrechten	right to exist
flamoes	n	de · mv. flamoezen	vulva and/or vagina
Kruijff	m		a surname
onversneden	a		unadulterated
kazig	a		cheesy, cheeselike
vermoeilijken	v	vermoeilijkte – vermoeilijkt	to render difficult, to difficilitate
halfklinker	n	de · mv. halfklinkers	semivowel
spraakklank	n	de · mv. spraakklanken	speech sound
hoogveen	n	het · mv. hoogvenen	raised bog
veenweide	n	de · mv. veenweides	peatland pasture
zelfkant	n	de · mv. zelfkanten	selvage, selvedge; outer edge; marginalized people
kaaklijn	n	de · mv. kaaklijnen	jawline
tomateren	v	tomateerde – getomateerd	to add tomato to
rubbertegelkind	n	het · mv. rubbertegelkinderen	The soft, sheltered or oversensitive child of overly protective parents; a…
hooggelegen	a		situated at high altitude
verwijlen	v	verwijlde – geverwijld	to abide, dwell, linger
laaggelegen	a		situated at low altitude
schriel	a		synonym of schraal (“poor, scanty, meagre”)
schravelen	v	schravelde – geschraveld	to scrabble, scratch, scrape
achterafgelegen	a		synonym of afgelegen (“remote”)
dichtbijgelegen	a		synonym of nabijgelegen
naastgelegen	a		neighboring, adjacent
tegenovergelegen	a		located at the opposite side
ernaastgelegen	a		neighboring it, adjacent to it
daarnaastgelegen	a		neighboring that, adjacent to that
hiernaastgelegen	a		neighboring this, adjacent to this
broodoproer	n	de/het · mv. broodoproeren	a "bread riot"; a riot or uprising revolving around food during times of…
hittepetit	n	de · mv. hittepetitten	a feisty, small woman
vloeistofmechanica	n	de	fluid mechanics
Rabbaut	m		a surname
Katrijn	m		a female given name
Denies	m		a surname
Taelman	m		a surname
daartegenovergelegen	a		located opposite that, situated across from there
hoogteverschil	n	het · mv. hoogteverschillen	height difference
ooghoogte	n	de · mv. ooghoogtes	eye level
middencirkel	n	de · mv. middencirkels	centre circle
handgeschreven	a		handwritten
heftigheid	n	de · mv. heftigheden	intensity, heaviness; something intense
heuvelen	v	heuvelde – geheuveld	to be hilly
hoekpunt	n	het · mv. hoekpunten	vertex
hoekhuis	n	het · mv. hoekhuizen	house on a street corner
hofmakerij	n	de · mv. hofmakerijen	courtship
homogeniseren	v	homogeniseerde – gehomogeniseerd	to homogenize
honkbalpet	n	de · mv. honkbalpetten	baseball cap
hoopgevend	a		hopeful (inspiring hope)
hollanditis	n	de	Hollanditis (opposition to nuclear proliferation and the deployment of…
vlizotrap	n	de · mv. vlizotrappen	attic ladder
vlieringtrap	n	de · mv. vlieringtrappen	attic ladder
zoldertrap	n	de · mv. zoldertrappen	attic ladder; fixed stairs leading to the attic
hondsdag	n	de · mv. hondsdagen	dog day
hoefijzervormig	a		horseshoe-shaped
hoefijzervorm	n	de · mv. hoefijzervormen	shape resembling a horseshoe
huidaandoening	n	de · mv. huidaandoeningen	skin condition
huidinfectie	n	de · mv. huidinfecties	skin infection
huidplooi	n	de · mv. huidplooien	skin fold
huurmoord	n	de · mv. huurmoorden	murder conducted through contract killing
stuurstang	n	de · mv. stuurstangen	handlebar, steering rod
Oest-Loega	m		Ust-Luga (a city in Kingiseppsky district, Leningrad Oblast, Russia)
zwatelaar	n	de · mv. zwatelaars	person who talks rubbish and/or excessively, windbag
inkijk	n	de	look inside; possibility to look inside; absence of privacy
inkijk	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of inkijken
inkijken	v	keek in – ingekeken	to look inside
honderdjarige	n	de · mv. honderdjarigen	hundred-year-old, person of the age of 100
hotelreservering	n	de · mv. hotelreserveringen	hotel reservation
Bornem	m		a municipality of the province of Antwerp, Belgium
gezever	n	het	nonsense, drivel, humbug
palingsound	n	de	A style of Dutch pop music associated with the town of Volendam
palingpop	n	de	A style of Dutch pop music associated with the town of Volendam
waroeboom	n	de · mv. waroebomen	sea hibiscus, cottonwood hibiscus (Talipariti tiliaceum, syn. Hibiscus…
noordkromp	n	de · mv. noordkrompen	ocean quahog (Arctica islandica)
melkertbaan	n	de · mv. melkertbanen	A government-subsidized job intended to give long-term unemployed people a…
pommeroos	n	de · mv. pommerozen	rose apple (Syzygium jambos)
keffer	n	de · mv. keffers	small dog that often yaps
verzeilen	v	verzeilde – verzeild	to end up
vereffenen	v	vereffende – vereffend	to settle (debts); to settle, resolve (conflict)
reigerij	n	de · mv. reigerijen	A heronry, particularly one that is maintained for the purposes of hunting
zebraspin	n	de · mv. zebraspinnen	Any spider of genus Salticus
huiszebraspin	n	de · mv. huiszebraspinnen	zebra spider (Salticus scenicus)
springspin	n	de · mv. springspinnen	A salticid or jumping spider; any spider of the family Salticidae
strandlaken	n	het · mv. strandlakens	beach towel
linkeroever	n	de · mv. linkeroevers	left bank
rechteroever	n	de · mv. rechteroevers	right bank
hogesnelheidslijn	n	de	high-speed rail; high-speed train
theaterdocent	n	de · mv. theaterdocenten	drama teacher
adderwortel	n	de · mv. adderwortels	common bistort (Persicaria bistorta)
duizendknoop	n	de · mv. duizendknopen	A knotweed; any plant of the buckwheat family, Polygonaceae
TAMKAS	m		syllabic abbreviation of Tammenga-Kasabaholo (a bus route serving these two…
jampa	n	de · mv. jampa's	a Javanese Surinamese person
detectiveroman	n	de · mv. detectiveromans	detective novel
Lelydorp	m		Lelydorp (a village and capital of Wanica, Suriname)
klepzak	n	de · mv. klepzakken	flap pocket
Kofidjompo	m		synonym of Lelydorp
gelijkvormig	a		similar (having traits or characteristics in common); uniform, homogeneous; similar (having corresponding angles equal and corresponding line segments…
gelijkvormigheid	n	de · mv. gelijkvormigheden	similarity (closeness of appearance to something else); uniformity; similarity (transformation that preserves angles and the ratios of distances)
gelijkstellen	v	stelde gelijk – gelijkgesteld	to equate; to give equal rights to
gasbol	n	de · mv. gasbollen	ball of gas (particularly in reference to stars and gas giants); spherical gas storage tank, Horton sphere
gasdruk	n	de	gas pressure
gasexplosie	n	de · mv. gasexplosies	gas explosion
beethebben	v	had beet – beetgehad	to hold, grip
tv-show	n	de · mv. tv-shows	television show
gaanderij	n	de · mv. gaanderijen	gallery (a roofed promenade, especially one extending along the wall of a…
gakken	v	gakte – gegakt	(of geese) to cackle, gaggle
headlinen	v	headlinede – geheadlined	to headline (present as the main attraction)
gastoevoer	n	de · mv. gastoevoeren	gas supply
gasaanvoer	n	de · mv. gasaanvoeren	synonym of gastoevoer (“gas supply”)
gaslevering	n	de · mv. gasleveringen	synonym of gastoevoer (“gas supply”)
gasleverantie	n	de · mv. gasleveranties	synonym of gastoevoer (“gas supply”)
benzinetoevoer	n	de · mv. benzinetoevoeren	gasoline supply
slapengaan	n	het	going to sleep
treinreis	n	de · mv. treinreizen	train journey
alfastraling	n	de · mv. alfastralingen	alpha radiation
bètastraling	n	de · mv. bètastralingen	beta radiation
gammastraling	n	de · mv. gammastralingen	gamma radiation
alfastraal	n	de · mv. alfastralen	alpha ray
bètastraal	n	de · mv. bètastralen	beta ray
gammastraal	n	de · mv. gammastralen	gamma ray
boekenlegger	n	de · mv. boekenleggers	bookmark
museumkaartje	n	het · mv. museumkaartjes	museum ticket
museumkaart	n	de · mv. museumkaarten	museum pass, a card allowing to visit multiple museums during a period of time
AI-slop	n	het	AI slop
quooker	n	de	synonym of kokendwaterkraan (“boiling water tap”)
schrijfwedstrijd	n	de · mv. schrijfwedstrijden	writing competition
precipitaat	n		precipitate
dertigtal	n	het · mv. dertigtallen	a group of thirty or about thirty
Dietsland	m		a proposed country in Low Countries
achttienhonderd	u		eighteen hundred
kinderjaren	n		childhood
kinderjaar	n	het · mv. kinderjaren	childhood year
negentienhonderd	u		nineteen hundred
doolhofachtig	a		mazelike, labyrinthine
labyrintisch	a		labyrinthine
labyrintachtig	a		synonym of labyrintisch
labyrintig	a		synonym of labyrintisch
sushirijst	n	de	sushi rice
rijstkoker	n	de · mv. rijstkokers	rice cooker
vakantietijd	n	de · mv. vakantietijden	holiday time
Tammenga	m		a neighbourhood of Paramaribo, Suriname
Kasabaholo	m		a neighbourhood of Paramaribo, Suriname
onooglijk	a		unsightly
ooglijk	a		attractive, sightly, aesthetically pleasing
topvorm	n	de	perfect shape
tegenin	p		against (in a contrary direction to); against (in conflict with); against, contradicting, opposing
tegenwijzerzin	n	de	counterclockwise direction
hoedanook	d		anyway, regardless, no matter what, one way or another
viben	v	vibede – gevibed	to vibe (relax and enjoy oneself); to vibe (get along; hit it off)
gasfabriek	n	de · mv. gasfabrieken	gasworks, gas plant
gasfase	n	de · mv. gasfases	gas phase, gas as a state of matter
standhouden	v	hield stand – standgehouden	to hold out, persist, maintain, endure
quoteren	v	quoteerde – gequoteerd	to quote, estimate, appraise
Geertruida	m		a female given name, equivalent to English Gertrude; diminutive forms Geeke,…
zwaan-kleef-aan	n	de	bandwagon effect, or a group resulting from it
aankleven	v	kleefde aan – aangekleefd	to stick, to adhere; to nestle, to snuggle; to be associated with
machtsbalans	n	de · mv. machtsbalansen	balance of power (equilibrium or proportion of power between forces, e.g.…; balance of power (supra-polity institution of countervailing the…
landvrede	n	de · mv. landvredes	public peace, landfriede, constitutio pacis (internal peace imposed on a…
godsvrede	n	de · mv. godsvredes	Peace of God (proclaimed immunity from violence for noncombatants such as…; Truce of God (proclaimed peace on Sundays and Christian holy days, from the…
ridderslag	n	de · mv. ridderslagen	accolade, knighting, dubbing (ritual elevation into knighthood,…
hofdag	n	de · mv. hofdagen	Hoftag (irregular assembly at court held by the emperor, King of the Romans…; a similar irregular convention of court by another ruler or territorial lord
vorstenspiegel	n	de · mv. vorstenspiegels	mirror of princes (treaty of an ethical-didactic genre that instructs on…
machtspolitiek	n	de	power politics, machtpolitik
machtspolitiek	a		power-political, applying or pertaining to machtpolitik
ochtendwandeling	n	de · mv. ochtendwandelingen	morning walk
opgelucht	a		relieved
vechtster	n	de · mv. vechtsters	female fighter; a female baby who resists falling asleep
projectdossier	n	het · mv. projectdossiers	project file
herdersmat	n	het · mv. herdersmatten	scholar's mate (checkmate soon after the opening by an attack with queen and…
narrenmat	n	het · mv. narrenmatten	fool's mate (checkmate in two or three turns)
gekkenmat	n	het · mv. gekkenmatten	fool's mate (checkmate in two or three turns)
wereldsysteemtheorie	n	de	world-systems theory
weertijger	n	de · mv. weertijgers	weretiger
ontwikkelingsstaat	n	de · mv. ontwikkelingsstaten	developing state (state that is less developed than a set of other countries); state of development (status or phase in the development of a country,…
ovatonde	n	de · mv. ovatondes	elongated roundabout, oval roundabout
ovaalvormig	a		oval (having the shape of an oval)
garnituur	n	het · mv. garnituren	garnish, embellishment, decoration; garnish; set (collection of various objects for a particular purpose)
garneren	v	garneerde – gegarneerd	to garnish, to embellish, to decorate; to garnish
garneersel	n	het · mv. garneersels	garnish, embellishment
borrelgarnituur	n	het · mv. borrelgarnituren	synonym of bittergarnituur
douchegarnituur	n	het · mv. douchegarnituren	set of components belonging to a shower; one of these components, individually
toiletgarnituur	n	het · mv. toiletgarnituren	set of components belonging to a toilet or bathroom; one of these components, individually
groentegarnituur	n	het · mv. groentegarnituren	vegetable used as a garnish
herstelgarnituur	n	het · mv. herstelgarnituren	set of tools used for mending
nagelgarnituur	n	het · mv. nagelgarnituren	manicure set
schouwgarnituur	n	het · mv. schouwgarnituren	mantelpiece decoration
tafelgarnituur	n	het · mv. tafelgarnituren	set of decorations for on a table; selection of snacks
spuitzak	n	de · mv. spuitzakken	pastry bag, piping bag
ochtendkrant	n	de · mv. ochtendkranten	morning newspaper (morning edition of a newspaper)
staatskapitalisme	n	het	state capitalism
waanvoorstelling	n	de · mv. waanvoorstellingen	delusion
hoofdarbeider	n	de · mv. hoofdarbeiders	white-collar worker; knowledge worker
Gakpo	m		a surname
retourvlucht	n	de · mv. retourvluchten	return flight (flight to go back); return flight (round trip flight)
retourbiljet	n	het · mv. retourbiljetten	ticket for the return leg of the trip; return ticket (round trip ticket)
zero-emissiezone	n	de · mv. zero-emissiezones	zero-emission zone, ZEZ (a defined area only zero-emission vehicles are…
doosdiagram	n	het · mv. doosdiagrammen	box plot
slodderen	v	slodderde – geslodderd	to be sloppy, to be careless, to be slovenly; to hang loosely or baggy around the body; to chatter, to babble, to speak carelessly or indistinctly
masterdiploma	n	het · mv. masterdiploma's	master's degree
Diependaele	m		a surname
aanzegging	n	de · mv. aanzeggingen	notification
verloting	n	de · mv. verlotingen	raffle, lottery
rompslomp	n	de	red tape, rigmarole
afreageren	v	reageerde af – afgereageerd	to vent, take it out on
Wijers	m		a surname
markthal	n	de · mv. markthallen	market hall (covered space or a building where food and other articles are…
ietsisme	n	het · mv. ietsismen	Ietsism
veterinair	n	de · mv. veterinairs	veterinarian
receptenboek	n	het · mv. receptenboeken	recipe book, cookbook; book with prescriptions in a pharmacy
kersenjam	n	de · mv. kersenjams	cherry jam
fruitverkoper	n	de · mv. fruitverkopers	fruitseller, fruiterer
fruitboer	n	de · mv. fruitboeren	fruitgrower, fruit farmer; fruiterer, fruitmonger
kersenboom	n	de · mv. kersenbomen	cherry tree
Vandeweghe	m		a surname
Verminnen	m		a surname
misdaadroman	n	de · mv. misdaadromans	crime novel
bonuskind	n	het · mv. bonuskinderen	stepchild
keukendeur	n	de · mv. keukendeuren	kitchen door
drinkfles	n	de · mv. drinkflessen	water bottle
grensoverschrijdend	a		transgressive, inappropriate, improper (relating to moral and or ethical…; cross-border, transnational
fatbiken	v	fatbikete – gefatbiket	to ride a fat bike
fatbiker	n	de · mv. fatbikers	fat biker
fatbikeverbod	n	het · mv. fatbikeverboden	ban on fat bikes
crowdsurfen	v	crowdsurfte – gecrowdsurft	to crowd surf
crowdsurfverbod	n	het · mv. crowdsurfverboden	ban on crowd surfing
Kostjantynivka	m		Kostiantynivka (a city in Donetsk Oblast, in eastern Ukraine)
Loekasjenko	m		a transliteration of the Ukrainian surname Лукаше́нко (Lukašénko)
smook	n	de	smoke
vroedman	n	de · mv. vroedmannen	male midwife; councillor, member of a vroedschap
postuur	n	het · mv. posturen	build (physique of a human or animal body; constitution or structure); posture (the way a person holds and positions their body)
Flevomeer	m		Lake Flevo (an ancient lake in Germania, Europe)
Flevopolder	m		Flevopolder (a polder in Flevoland, Netherlands, Europe)
paginagroot	a		full-page
aanspreekverbod	n	het · mv. aanspreekverboden	ban on approaching or addressing people
abortusverbod	n	het · mv. abortusverboden	abortion ban
alcoholverbod	n	het · mv. alcoholverboden	alcohol ban, ban on alcoholic drinks
apologieverbod	n	het · mv. apologieverboden	ban on justifying or defending a crime
arbeidsverbod	n	het · mv. arbeidsverboden	working ban
werkverbod	n	het · mv. werkverboden	synonym of arbeidsverbod
beeldverbod	n	het · mv. beeldverboden	aniconism
beregeningsverbod	n	het · mv. beregeningsverboden	irrigation ban
beregening	n	de · mv. beregeningen	act of spraying water on something; irrigation
beroepsverbod	n	het · mv. beroepsverboden	ban on exercising a certain profession
betogingsverbod	n	het · mv. betogingsverboden	demonstration ban
demonstratieverbod	n	het · mv. demonstratieverboden	demonstration ban
bioscoopverbod	n	het · mv. bioscoopverboden	cinema ban, ban from entering a cinema
blowverbod	n	het · mv. blowverboden	ban on smoking weed
boekverbod	n	het · mv. boekverboden	book ban
boorverbod	n	het · mv. boorverboden	drilling ban (especially on drilling for oil)
blowverbodsbord	n	het · mv. blowverbodsborden	sign indicating a ban on smoking weed
bordeelverbod	n	het · mv. bordeelverboden	brothel ban, ban on running a brothel
bouwverbod	n	het · mv. bouwverboden	construction ban
brandverbod	n	het · mv. brandverboden	ban on open fires
vuurverbod	n	het · mv. vuurverboden	synonym of brandverbod
broekverbod	n	het · mv. broekverboden	ban on wearing trousers
buurtverbod	n	het · mv. buurtverboden	ban on entering a certain neighborhood, as part of a restraining order
cumulverbod	n	het · mv. cumulverboden	ban for politicians on having a side job; ban on stacking benefits
dijkverbod	n	het · mv. dijkverboden	ban on walking or driving on a dyke
dirigeerverbod	n	het · mv. dirigeerverboden	ban on conducting orchestras
discardverbod	n	het · mv. discardverboden	synonym of teruggooiverbod
teruggooiverbod	n	het · mv. teruggooiverboden	ban on releasing fish back into the sea
teruggooien	v	gooide terug – teruggegooid	to throw back
aanlandplicht	n	de · mv. aanlandplichten	synonym of teruggooiverbod
aanlandverplichting	n	de · mv. aanlandverplichtingen	synonym of teruggooiverbod
discriminatieverbod	n	het · mv. discriminatieverboden	ban on discrimination
dorpsverbod	n	het · mv. dorpsverboden	ban on entering a certain village
drankverbod	n	het · mv. drankverboden	synonym of alcoholverbod
drugsverbod	n	het · mv. drugsverboden	ban on recreational drugs
drukverbod	n	het · mv. drukverboden	printing ban
entreeverbod	n	het · mv. entreeverboden	entrance ban, ban on entering certain premises
exportverbod	n	het · mv. exportverboden	synonym of uitvoerverbod
uitvoerverbod	n	het · mv. uitvoerverboden	export ban
invoerverbod	n	het · mv. invoerverboden	import ban
importverbod	n	het · mv. importverboden	synonym of invoerverbod
fokverbod	n	het · mv. fokverboden	breeding ban, ban on breeding (certain) animals
fotoverbod	n	het · mv. fotoverboden	photography ban
filmverbod	n	het · mv. filmverboden	filming ban
geweldverbod	n	het · mv. geweldverboden	ban on using violence
gluurverbod	n	het · mv. gluurverboden	ban on peeping, ban on secretly looking at others or into another's property
gokverbod	n	het · mv. gokverboden	gambling ban
gsm-verbod	n	het · mv. gsm-verboden	mobile phone ban
telefoonverbod	n	het · mv. telefoonverboden	mobile phone ban; ban on telephoning a certain person, as part of a restraining order
handelsverbod	n	het · mv. handelsverboden	trade ban
hoofddoekverbod	n	het · mv. hoofddoekverboden	ban on wearing headscarves
hormonenverbod	n	het · mv. hormonenverboden	ban on using hormones in meat production
houdverbod	n	het · mv. houdverboden	ban on keeping certain animals
incestverbod	n	het · mv. incestverboden	incest ban
inhaalverbod	n	het · mv. inhaalverboden	ban on overtaking (in traffic)
inrijverbod	n	het · mv. inrijverboden	ban on driving in, ban on entering a certain place by car
internetverbod	n	het · mv. internetverboden	Internet ban, ban on using the Internet
investeringsverbod	n	het · mv. investeringsverboden	investment ban
jachtverbod	n	het · mv. jachtverboden	hunting ban
kapverbod	n	het · mv. kapverboden	ban on felling trees
kartelverbod	n	het · mv. kartelverboden	cartel ban
kinderverbod	n	het · mv. kinderverboden	ban disallowing children from entering somewhere
landingsverbod	n	het · mv. landingsverboden	ban disallowing planes from landing at a certain airport
leeftijdsverbod	n	het · mv. leeftijdsverboden	age restriction
locatieverbod	n	het · mv. locatieverboden	ban on entering a certain location
lokaalverbod	n	het · mv. lokaalverboden	synonym of locatieverbod
messenverbod	n	het · mv. messenverboden	knife ban
nachtrijverbod	n	het · mv. nachtrijverboden	ban on driving at night
omgevingsverbod	n	het · mv. omgevingsverboden	synonym of gebiedsverbod
ontslagverbod	n	het · mv. ontslagverboden	layoff ban
oortjesverbod	n	het · mv. oortjesverboden	ban on using earpieces
ouweheer	n	de · mv. ouweheren	father; one's old man
sanskaar	n	de · mv. sanskaars	sanskara (rite of passage)
perzikkruid	n	het	lady's thumb (Persicaria maculosa)
naziregime	n	het · mv. naziregimes	Nazi regime
paddoverbod	n	het · mv. paddoverboden	magic mushroom ban
parkeerverbod	n	het · mv. parkeerverboden	parking ban
partijverbod	n	het · mv. partijverboden	ban of a political party
zoethouder	n	de · mv. zoethouders	sop, sweetener (something used to sugarcoat a bitter pill)
meditatieruimte	n	de · mv. meditatieruimten	meditation room
slagaderlijk	a		arterial (of or relating to an artery)
arterieel	a		synonym of slagaderlijk (“arterial”)
arterieklem	n	de · mv. arterieklemmen	artery clamp
roestvrijstalen	a		made from stainless steel
edelstalen	a		synonym of roestvrijstalen
schadevrij	a		damageless, without damage
schadeloos	a		damageless; fully compensated (financially); damaged
schadeloosstellen	v	stelde schadeloos – schadeloosgesteld	to fully compensate (financially)
schadeloosstelling	n	de · mv. schadeloosstellingen	full (financial) compensation
sneeuwvrij	a		snow-free
persoonsverbod	n	het · mv. persoonsverboden	synonym of contactverbod
pleinverbod	n	het · mv. pleinverboden	ban from entering a schoolyard
schoolverbod	n	het · mv. schoolverboden	ban from entering or going to school
preekverbod	n	het · mv. preekverboden	ban on preaching
productieverbod	n	het · mv. productieverboden	production ban
publicatieverbod	n	het · mv. publicatieverboden	publication ban
reclameverbod	n	het · mv. reclameverboden	advertising ban
reisverbod	n	het · mv. reisverboden	travel ban
renteverbod	n	het · mv. renteverboden	ban from putting interest on a loan
Hanny	m		a female given name
schrijfverbod	n	het · mv. schrijfverboden	writing ban
sisverbod	n	het · mv. sisverboden	ban against sexual intimidation
slachtverbod	n	het · mv. slachtverboden	slaughtering ban
sluierverbod	n	het · mv. sluierverboden	ban on face-covering garments
socialmediaverbod	n	het · mv. socialmediaverboden	ban on using social media
socialemediaverbod	n	het · mv. socialemediaverboden	synonym of socialmediaverbod
speelverbod	n	het · mv. speelverboden	playing ban, ban from playing a sport
sponsorverbod	n	het · mv. sponsorverboden	sponsoring ban, ban for a company on sponsoring an event
spreekverbod	n	het · mv. spreekverboden	ban on speaking (about a certain subject)
stadionverbod	n	het · mv. stadionverboden	ban from entering a stadium
stadsverbod	n	het · mv. stadsverboden	ban from entering a certain city or town
stakingsverbod	n	het · mv. stakingsverboden	ban on going on strike
stapverbod	n	het · mv. stapverboden	ban on going out
startverbod	n	het · mv. startverboden	ban on competing in a race
stationverbod	n	het · mv. stationverboden	ban on entering a certain train station
stilstaanverbod	n	het · mv. stilstaanverboden	ban on stopping one's car
stopverbod	n	het · mv. stopverboden	synonym of stilstaanverbod
stortverbod	n	het · mv. stortverboden	ban on dumping trash
straatverbod	n	het · mv. straatverboden	ban on entering a certain street, or block of streets, as part of a…
taalverbod	n	het · mv. taalverboden	ban on using a certain language
tapverbod	n	het · mv. tapverboden	ban on serving alcohol
testverbod	n	het · mv. testverboden	ban on animal testing
tippelverbod	n	het · mv. tippelverboden	ban for sex workers on soliciting
toegangsverbod	n	het · mv. toegangsverboden	synonym of entreeverbod
totaalverbod	n	het · mv. totaalverboden	blanket ban
treinverbod	n	het · mv. treinverboden	ban on using trains
trouwverbod	n	het · mv. trouwverboden	ban on marrying
uitrijverbod	n	het · mv. uitrijverboden	ban on spreading manure
uitzendverbod	n	het · mv. uitzendverboden	broadcasting ban
uniformverbod	n	het · mv. uniformverboden	ban on wearing a uniform
vaarverbod	n	het · mv. vaarverboden	sailing ban
vangstverbod	n	het · mv. vangstverboden	synonym of visverbod
vangverbod	n	het · mv. vangverboden	synonym of visverbod
visverbod	n	het · mv. visverboden	fishing ban, ban on catching fish
verblijfsverbod	n	het · mv. verblijfsverboden	ban on staying or residing in a certain place
verbodsbord	n	het · mv. verbodsborden	sign indicating a certain ban
verschijningsverbod	n	het · mv. verschijningsverboden	ban on publishing
verslechteringsverbod	n	het · mv. verslechteringsverboden	measure imposed to counter the deterioration of natural habitats
vervoersverbod	n	het · mv. vervoersverboden	ban on transporting certain items
verzamelverbod	n	het · mv. verzamelverboden	ban on gathering certain animals or organic material, usually in order to…; synonym of samenscholingsverbod
vloekverbod	n	het · mv. vloekverboden	ban on using curse words
wachtverbod	n	het · mv. wachtverboden	synonym of stilstaanverbod
wapenverbod	n	het · mv. wapenverboden	weapon ban
weekendrijverbod	n	het · mv. weekendrijverboden	ban on driving in the weekend
wijkverbod	n	het · mv. wijkverboden	ban on entering a certain neighborhood or district, as part of a restraining…
winkelverbod	n	het · mv. winkelverboden	ban on entering a certain store
zwembadverbod	n	het · mv. zwembadverboden	ban on entering a certain swimming pool
zwemverbod	n	het · mv. zwemverboden	swimming ban
raamkozijn	n	het · mv. raamkozijnen	window frame
vensterkozijn	n	het · mv. vensterkozijnen	synonym of raamkozijn
paarsgewijs	a		pairwise
druppelsgewijs	a		dropwise; very slow, one at a time
godnondeju	i		goddamn
gymleraar	n	de · mv. gymleraren	gym teacher
computerprobleem	n	het · mv. computerproblemen	computer problem
Kentin	m		a surname from French
Tenbos	m		Tenbosch (a neighbourhood of Ixelles, Brussels, Brussels Capital Region,…
Stroppen	m		a hamlet in Halle, Flemish Brabant, Flanders, Belgium
kroonjaar	n	het · mv. kroonjaren	milestone anniversary; jubilee year
brilstern	n	de · mv. brilsterns	bridled tern (Onychoprion anaethetus)
computerwinkel	n	de · mv. computerwinkels	computer store
bedrijfstaksgewijs	a		per business branch; one branch at a time; organized in branches
broksgewijs	a		piecewise, one piece at a time
dakpansgewijs	a		imbricated
schildmaagd	n	de · mv. schildmaagden	shieldmaiden
IT-oplossing	n	de · mv. IT-oplossingen	IT solution
computerapparaat	n	het · mv. computerapparaten	computer device
citroenrasp	n	de · mv. citroenraspen	lemon zester; lemon zest
sinaasappelrasp	n	de/het	orange zest, zest from an orange
intrapsychisch	a		intrapsychic
honderdvijftig	u		one hundred and fifty
dakpanklas	n	de · mv. dakpanklassen	mixed class of two different education levels
moederskant	n	de	mother's side (of a family)
vaderskant	n	de	father's side (of a family)
raspsel	n	het · mv. raspsels	grating (loose material that comes from something being grated)
pokébowl	n	de · mv. pokébowls	poke salad, poke bowl
piketten	v	pikette – gepiket	to play the card game of piquet
piketkaart	n	de · mv. piketkaarten	playing card with a value higher than 6
piketpaal	n	de · mv. piketpalen	picket (stake driven into the ground)
stakingspiket	n	het · mv. stakingspiketten	picket (protester positioned outside an office, workplace etc. during a…
stakerspiket	n	het · mv. stakerspiketten	synonym of stakingspiket
piketadvocaat	n	de · mv. piketadvocaten	on-call lawyer
piketnummer	n	het · mv. piketnummers	emergency telephone number
brandpiket	n	het · mv. brandpiketten	first responder, or troop of first responders, in a fire department
burgerservicenummer	n	het · mv. burgerservicenummers	government-issued identification number, similar to a social security number
bsn-nummer	n	het · mv. bsn-nummers	synonym of burgerservicenummer
dramatiseren	v	dramatiseerde – gedramatiseerd	to dramatize
ineendraaien	v	draaide ineen – ineengedraaid	to twist together; to produce something quickly; to whip up
verdergaat	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of verdergaan
zekerstel	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of zekerstellen
zekerstelt	v		second/third-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of zekerstellen
zekerstelle	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of zekerstellen
mivatoilet	n	het · mv. mivatoiletten	synonym of gehandicaptentoilet
kortwieken	v	kortwiekte – gekortwiekt	to pinion; to curtail
leewieken	v	leewiekende – geleewiekend	to pinion
recidiveren	v	recidiveerde – gerecidiveerd	to relapse, reoccur; to recidivate, reoffend
frambozensap	n	de · mv. frambozensappen	raspberry juice
viswinkel	n	de · mv. viswinkels	fishmonger's, fish shop
karamelliseren	v	karamelliseerde – gekaramelliseerd	to caramelize
karamellisatie	n	de	caramelization
karamellisering	n	de	synonym of karamellisatie
gehandicaptentoilet	n	het · mv. gehandicaptentoiletten	toilet for handicapped people
mindervalidentoilet	n	het · mv. mindervalidentoiletten	synonym of gehandicaptentoilet
jonggehandicapt	a		disabled at a young age
jonggehandicapte	n	de · mv. jonggehandicapten	person who became disabled at a young age
jonggehandicaptenkorting	n	de · mv. jonggehandicaptenkortingen	tax reduction for young disabled people
clubben	v	clubde – geclubd	to club, to go clubbing
clubachtig	a		clubby (resembling or suggestive of a social club or clubhouse)
collageachtig	a		collagelike
countryachtig	a		countryish (having characteristics of country music)
countrymuziek	n	de	country music
crèmeachtig	a		creamy (having the thick texture of cream); resembling the color cream
crèmerig	a		synonym of crèmeachtig (“creamy”)
roomachtig	a		synonym of romig
romigheid	n	de	creaminess
crisisachtig	a		crisislike
dagboekachtig	a		diarylike
dandyachtig	a		dandyish
dandyesk	a		synonym of dandyachtig
deegachtig	a		doughy
deelachtig	a		in possession of
detectiveachtig	a		detectivelike, resembling or characteristic of a (private) detective; resembling or characteristic of a detective story
diefachtig	a		thievish
diefachtigheid	n	de	thievishness
cabaretachtig	a		synonym of cabaretesk
dierachtig	a		animal-like, animalesque
dolfijnachtig	a		dolphinlike
domineeachtig	a		pastorlike, ministerlike
donsachtig	a		downlike
doosachtig	a		boxy, box-shaped
draadachtig	a		wiry (resembling wire)
draderig	a		stringy
draderigheid	n	de	stringiness
draakachtig	a		dragonlike, dragonesque
drakerig	a		melodramatic, exaggerated
drakerigheid	n	de	melodramaticness
droomachtig	a		dreamy, dreamlike
duifachtig	a		pigeonlike, dovelike; pacifist, dovish
duinachtig	a		duney, full of dunes; dunelike
dwergachtig	a		dwarfish, dwarflike
etterachtig	a		puslike
pusachtig	a		synonym of etterachtig
fluweelachtig	a		velvety
galachtig	a		bilious
geleiachtig	a		gelatinous, jellylike
gettoachtig	a		ghettolike
glamourachtig	a		glamorous
gospelachtig	a		gospellike (similar to gospel music)
goudachtig	a		goldlike
granietachtig	a		granitelike
granieten	a		made of granite
grasachtig	a		grasslike (resembling grass); grassy (covered with grass)
grauwachtig	a		grayish, palish
grondachtig	a		earthy (resembling dirt or soil)
happeningachtig	a		Resembling or characteristic of a happening
haringachtig	a		herringlike
harsachtig	a		resinlike, resiny
herfstachtig	a		autumny, autumnal
herfstig	a		synonym of herfstachtig
hersenachtig	a		brainlike
hobbelachtig	a		synonym of hobbelig
hobbeligheid	n	de	bumpiness
hoerachtig	a		synonym of hoerig
hoerigheid	n	de	whorishness
homoachtig	a		gay (in accordance with stereotypes of homosexual people)
honingachtig	a		honeylike
hoornachtig	a		hornlike
huiverachtig	a		synonym of huiverig
ijsachtig	a		icelike; resembling ice cream
ijzerachtig	a		ironlike
inktachtig	a		inklike
jongensboekachtig	a		characteristic of a book catered to boys
jongensboek	n	het · mv. jongensboeken	book catered to boys
meisjesboek	n	het · mv. meisjesboeken	book catered to girls
meisjesboekachtig	a		characteristic of a book catered to girls
jongensachtigheid	n	de	boyishness
meisjesachtigheid	n	de	girlishness
kalkachtig	a		limelike, calciumlike; chalky
kalverachtig	a		juvenile, immature, childish
kalverachtigheid	n	de	juvenility, childishness, immaturity
kamikazeachtig	a		kamikaze, suicidal, risking one's life
kankerachtig	a		cancerlike
kartelachtig	a		cartellike
kasteelachtig	a		castlelike
kermisachtig	a		fairlike, reminiscent of a funfair
Verhaegen	m		a habitational surname
kleiachtig	a		claylike (resembling clay); clayish, clayey (containing clay)
kleiig	a		synonym of kleiachtig
klompachtig	a		cloglike; lumpy, clumpy
hoorndol	a		stark raving mad, bonkers
aangebrand	a		burnt, burned
Oudergem	m		Auderghem (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region, Belgium)
knobbelachtig	a		synonym of knobbelig
knobbelig	a		knobby
knobbeligheid	n	de	knobbiness
Berchem	m		Berchem-Sainte-Agathe (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region,…; Berchem (a district of Antwerp, Flanders, Belgium); Berchem (a town in Roeser, Luxembourg)
komeetachtig	a		cometlike; very fast
koperachtig	a		coppery
Sint-Agatha-Berchem	m		Berchem-Sainte-Agathe (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region,…
krijtachtig	a		chalklike, chalky
kristalachtig	a		crystal-like
Brussel-Stad	m		City of Brussels (the largest municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital…
krokodilachtig	a		crocodilelike
kwajongensachtig	a		rascallike, mischievous
Vorst	m		Forest (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region, Belgium)
Ganshoren	m		Ganshoren (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region, Belgium)
cosplayen	v	cosplayde – gecosplayd	to cosplay
Elsene	m		Ixelles (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region, Belgium)
Robinsoneiland	m		Robinson Island (an island of Bois de la Cambre, Brussels, Brussels-Capital…
adventskrans	n	de · mv. adventskransen	Advent wreath
aanbrandde	v		singular dependent-clause past indicative of aanbranden
gezichtshaar	n	het	facial hair; an individual strand of facial hair
nabouwen	v	bouwde na – nagebouwd	to recreate by building, to build in imitation
achttienplusser	n	de · mv. achttienplussers	Someone above the age of 18
ejecteren	v	ejecteerde – geëjecteerd	To throw out, to eject
cilindervormig	a		Having a cylindrical shape
insnuiven	v	snoof in – ingesnoven	to snort (something) in; to really expressly get in contact with something
metsen	v	metste – gemetst	to build a wall by placing separate bricks together using cement
heanig	a		(Of someone's behaviour) calm, serene; sedate
heanig	d		(Of someone's behaviour) calmly, serenely
modeontwerper	n	de · mv. modeontwerpers	fashion designer
kearl	n	de · mv. kearls	man, guy
twentisme	n	het · mv. twentismen	A Dutch word or phrase calqued from Twents, often used exclusively in Twente…
slaperd	n	de · mv. slaperds	Someone unwise; idiot, moron; Someone in a sleeping or near-sleeping condition
toepasselijkheid	n	de	applicability
waterballon	n	de · mv. waterballonnen	water balloon
manisch-depressiviteit	n	de · mv. manisch-depressiviteiten	synonym of bipolaire stoornis
keukenrobot	n	de · mv. keukenrobots	food processor
uitgerand	a		notched, indented
duizendtal	n	het · mv. duizendtallen	a group of thousand or about thousand
droomleven	n	het · mv. droomlevens	dream life
flipperen	v	flipperde – geflipperd	to play pinball
droombaan	n	de · mv. droombanen	dream job
droomauto	n	de · mv. droomauto's	dream car
businessclass	n	de	business class
stationcar	n	de · mv. stationcars	station wagon
grondsop	n	het	the liquid at the bottom of a vessel or body or liquid, often rich in sediments; the sediment at the bottom of a liquid; dregs, grounds
lubriek	a		Pertaining to sensual gratification: sensuous, lewd, lubric
partijhaat	n	de	partisan hatred, intense partisanship or factionalism that has devolved into…
arglist	n	de · mv. arglisten	malice, ill intention, bad faith, deceptiveness; deceit, deception, misleading action or behaviour
jodenhaat	n	de	hatred or hostility against Jews, both as an ethno-cultural and as a…
windei	n	het · mv. windeieren	wind egg
toneelles	n	de · mv. toneellessen	drama lesson
bacheloropleiding	n	de · mv. bacheloropleidingen	bachelor's degree programme
vakantiefoto	n	de · mv. vakantiefoto's	holiday photo
kunstgalerie	n	de · mv. kunstgalerieën	art gallery
tantoe	d		very
negentiende-eeuws	a		nineteenth-century, related to or happening in the 19th century
horken	v	horkte – gehorkt	To hark; to listen attentively; to listen
vloedmerk	n	het · mv. vloedmerken	strandline
scribaan	n	het · mv. scribanen	desk
poolshoogte	n	de · mv. poolshoogten	latitude
kompaskwal	n	de · mv. kompaskwallen	compass jellyfish (Chrysaora hysoscella)
fotofuck	n	de · mv. fotofucks	photoshop
doornbos	n	het · mv. doornbossen	thornbush
bezoekster	n	de · mv. bezoeksters	female visitor
Koekelberg	m		Koekelberg (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region, Belgium)
Sint-Gillis	m		Saint-Gilles (a municipality of Brussels, Brussels Capital Region, Belgium)
beklant	a		that has customers
welbeklant	a		that has many customers
drukbeklant	a		synonym of welbeklant
goedbeklant	a		synonym of welbeklant
bestbeklant	a		that has the most customers
beklanten	v	beklantte – beklant	to visit as a customer
beklanting	n	de	clientele
goedvinden	n	het	approval
bandeautop	n	de · mv. bandeautops	bandeau top, strapless top
bandeaubikini	n	de · mv. bandeaubikini's	bandeau bikini, bandini
gogme	n	het	intelligence, insight, wisdom
chochme	n	de · mv. chochmes	witticism, nugget of wisdom
bikinibroek	n	de · mv. bikinibroeken	bikini bottom
bikinitop	n	de · mv. bikinitops	bikini top
dingesen	v	dingeste – gedingest	used as a placeholder verb when one does not remember or know the proper verb; to have sex
bikinilijn	n	de · mv. bikinilijnen	bikini line
polshoogte	n		only used in polshoogte nemen
wellnessen	v	wellneste – gewellnest	to improve one's well-being
etherdiscipline	n	de · mv. etherdisciplines	Obedience to regulations or orders concerning radiocommunication
gegons	n	het	murmur, chatter; a (subdued) disturbance
voorbericht	n	het · mv. voorberichten	foreword
clownschool	n	de · mv. clownscholen	clown school
wegenis	n	de · mv. wegenissen	road network; all roads of a certain area collectively
wegbrengen	v	bracht weg – weggebracht	to take away, to bring from one place to another
wegdrinken	v	dronk weg – weggedronken	to drink completely, to remove by drinking; to overcome by drinking alcohol
bureaucratiseren	v	bureaucratiseerde – gebureaucratiseerd	to bureaucratize
wegzappen	v	zapte weg – weggezapt	to channel surf
bureaucratisering	n	de · mv. bureaucratiseringen	bureaucratization
wegzappe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of wegzappen
wegzap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegzappen
wegzapt	v		second-person singular/third-person singular dependent-clause present…
foto-expo	n	de · mv. foto-expo's	photo exhibition
pertang	d		however, yet
wegstap	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegstappen
wegstapt	v		second-person singular/third-person singular dependent-clause present…
wegstappe	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of wegzappen
wegdronkt	v		second-person (gij) singular past indicative dependent-clause of wegdrinken
wegdronk	v		singular past indicative dependent-clause of wegdrinken
wegdrink	v		first-person singular dependent-clause present indicative of wegdrinken
wegdrinkt	v		second-person singular/third-person singular dependent-clause present…
wegdronke	v		singular dependent-clause past subjunctive of wegdrinken
wegdrinke	v		singular dependent-clause present subjunctive of wegdrinken
clownsfobie	n	de	The fear of clowns
clownsangst	n	de	The fear of clowns
clownsvrees	n	de	The fear of clowns
thriften	v	thriftte – gethrift	to thrift
vriendenboek	n	het · mv. vriendenboeken	friendship book
poesiealbum	n	het · mv. poesiealbums	book that is passed around between friends to write poems in
poëziealbum	n	het · mv. poëziealbums	synonym of poesiealbum
verbureaucratiseren	v	verbureaucratiseerde – verbureaucratiseerd	synonym of bureaucratiseren
verbureaucratisering	n	de · mv. verbureaucratiseringen	synonym of bureaucratisering
ontbureaucratiseren	v	ontbureaucratiseerde – ontbureaucratiseerd	to debureaucratize
ontbureaucratisering	n	de · mv. ontbureaucratiseringen	debureaucratization
binnenhengelen	v	hengelde binnen – binnengehengeld	to reel in; to bring in, obtain, acquire
postvatten	v	vatte post – postgevat	to take hold
nymfomaan	n	de · mv. nymfomanen	nymphomaniac
nymfomaan	a		nymphomaniac
schilderstijl	n	de · mv. schilderstijlen	painting style
superstitieus	a		superstitious
neurodivergentie	n	de	neurodivergence
Halsema	m		a surname
dramaqueen	n	de · mv. dramaqueens	drama queen
kohlpotlood	n	het · mv. kohlpotloden	kohl pencil
kajalpotlood	n	het · mv. kajalpotloden	synonym of kohlpotlood
hobben	v	hobde – gehobd	to toil, struggle, to be worn out; to plod, trudge
plafonnière	n	de · mv. plafonnières	ceiling light
plafondlamp	n	de · mv. plafondlampen	ceiling light
plafondlicht	n	de · mv. plafondlichten	synonym of plafondlamp
lichtbron	n	de · mv. lichtbronnen	light source
warmtebron	n	de · mv. warmtebronnen	heat source
plafonneren	v	plafonneerde – geplafonneerd	to provide with a ceiling; to construct a ceiling; to cap (put an upper limit on)
marathonloopster	n	de · mv. marathonloopsters	female marathoner
allistisch	a		allistic
huidteint	n	de/het	skin tone
sportwetenschap	n	de · mv. sportwetenschappen	sports science
jokerjaar	n	het · mv. jokerjaren	year that a former student can choose to use to extend the payment term of…
terugkeerhub	n	de · mv. terugkeerhubs	designated hub to send rejected refugees or migrants to, before they are…
januari-editie	n	de · mv. januari-edities	January edition of a publication
januarinummer	n	het · mv. januarinummers	January edition of a publication
januariactie	n	de · mv. januariacties	promotion or sale in January; action, such as a demonstration, in January
januariavond	n	de · mv. januariavonden	January evening
januaricijfer	n	het · mv. januaricijfers	statistic or data point recorded in January
januaridag	n	de · mv. januaridagen	January day, a day in January
januarimaand	n	de · mv. januarimaanden	the month of January
eigenaresse	n	de · mv. eigenaresses	female owner
eclipsbril	n	de · mv. eclipsbrillen	eclipse glasses, solar viewer
grondverf	n	de	primer (substance used to prime wood, metal, etc. in preparation for painting)
grondverven	v	grondverfde – gegrondverfd	to prime (apply a coat of primer paint to)
januarimiddag	n	de · mv. januarimiddagen	January afternoon
januarinamiddag	n	de · mv. januarinamiddagen	late afternoon in January
januarivoormiddag	n	de · mv. januarivoormiddagen	early afternoon in January
januarimorgen	n	de · mv. januarimorgens	January morning
januariochtend	n	de · mv. januariochtenden	synonym of januarimorgen
januarinacht	n	de · mv. januarinachten	January night
januaritemperatuur	n	de · mv. januaritemperaturen	January temperature
januariweek	n	de · mv. januariweken	week in January
januariwind	n	de · mv. januariwinden	January wind, wind that is characteristic of January
januarizon	n	de · mv. januarizonnen	January sun
hoedenmaker	n	de · mv. hoedenmakers	hatmaker, hatter
zeeblauw	a		sea-blue, blue as the sea
zeeblauw	n	het	sea-blue
eclipseren	v	eclipseerde – geëclipseerd	to desert, to leave; to eclipse
eclipsering	n	de · mv. eclipseringen	desertion; eclipse
Aukje	m		a female given name
betovergrootouder	n	de · mv. betovergrootouders	great-great-grandparent
jonkvrouw	n	de · mv. jonkvrouwen	A maiden, damsel, or young unmarried noblewoman; A female member of the un-titled nobility in the Netherlands and Belgium,…
eierlevendbarend	a		ovoviviparous (producing eggs that hatch inside the parent's body)
levendbarend	a		viviparous (bringing forth live young rather than laying eggs)
eileggend	a		oviparous, egg-laying (producing eggs that hatch outside the body)
levendbarendheid	n	de	viviparity (the state or condition of being viviparous)
eierlevendbarendheid	n	de	ovoviviparity (the quality or state of being ovoviviparous)
eileggendheid	n	de	oviparity (the state or quality of being oviparous)
vivipariteit	n	de	viviparity (the state or condition of being viviparous)
vivipaar	a		viviparous
ovovivipaar	a		ovoviviparous (producing eggs that hatch inside the parent's body)
ovipariteit	n	de	oviparity (the state or condition of being oviparous)
ovovivipariteit	n	de	ovoviviparity (the quality or state of being ovoviviparous)
ovipaar	a		oviparous (producing eggs that mature and hatch outside the body)
opmerkzaamheid	n	de	attentiveness, observance, alertness (the state or quality of being observant); mindfulness (mental state of focused awareness)
opmerkingsgave	n	de · mv. opmerkingsgaves	gift or faculty of observation (innate talent or ability to notice details)
onopmerkzaamheid	n	de	inattentiveness, inattention, unobservance (the state or quality of being…
onaandachtigheid	n	de	inattentiveness, inattention, absentmindedness (the state or quality of…
onaandachtig	a		inattentive, absent-minded (not paying attention)
onopmerkzaam	a		unobservant, inattentive (not noticing things)
overovermorgen	d		two days after tomorrow
eereergisteren	d		two days before yesterday
halloën	v	hallode – gehallood	To greet (someone) informally
zaagje	n	het · mv. zaagjes	Donax vittatus, a type of bivalve mollusk
linksbenig	a		left-legged (having the left leg as one's dominant leg)
rechtsbenig	a		right-legged (having the right leg as one's dominant leg)
onkies	a		inappropriate, indelicate
mattenbies	n	de · mv. mattenbiezen	common club-rush (Schoenoplectus lacustris)
ziekenhuisbal	n	de · mv. ziekenhuisballen	hospital pass (very bad pass)
gidssoort	n	de · mv. gidssoorten	indicator species (species used as an indicator of the ecological…
lekenbiecht	n	de · mv. lekenbiechten	lay confession (confession made to a layperson)
vossenbiecht	n	de · mv. vossenbiechten	dishonest or false confession
nabrander	n	de · mv. nabranders	afterburner; a final remark made just before ending a meeting (that is generally…
eclipsblindheid	n	de	damage to the eyes caused by looking at the Sun
regeringsbrood	n	het · mv. regeringsbroden	Bread baked following a government-mandated recipe during World War I (and…
hedenochtend	d		synonym of vanochtend
hedenmorgen	d		synonym of vanochtend
hedenmiddag	d		synonym of vanmiddag
hedenavond	d		synonym of vanavond
hedennacht	d		synonym of vannacht (“tonight, this night”)
lymfeklier	n	de · mv. lymfeklieren	lymph node
lymfeklierkanker	n	de · mv. lymfeklierkankers	lymphoma
morgennacht	d		tomorrow night
overmorgenmiddag	d		in the afternoon of the day after tomorrow
overmorgenavond	d		in the evening of the day after tomorrow
overmorgennacht	d		in the night of the day after tomorrow
geelpoothoornaar	n	de · mv. geelpoothoornaars	Asian hornet (Vespa velutina)
gisterenochtend	d		yesterday morning
gisterenmorgen	d		synonym of gisterenochtend
gisterenmiddag	d		yesterday afternoon
gisterennacht	d		last night, yesterday night
eergisterenochtend	d		in the morning of the day before yesterday
eergisterenmorgen	d		synonym of eergisterenochtend
eergisterenmiddag	d		in the afternoon of the day before yesterday
eergisterenavond	d		in the evening of the day before yesterday
eergisterennacht	d		in the night of the day before yesterday
genderfluïde	a		genderfluid
genderfluïditeit	n	de	gender fluidity
aaneenduwen	v	duwde aaneen – aaneengeduwd	to push together
Algerijnse	n	de · mv. Algerijnsen	Algerian woman
groepsverband	n	het · mv. groepsverbanden	group setting
cultuurevenement	n	het · mv. cultuurevenementen	cultural event
stapelmuur	n	de · mv. stapelmuren	dry stone wall
gevangenismuur	n	de · mv. gevangenismuren	prison wall (large barrier that separates prisoners from the free community)
paleismuur	n	de · mv. paleismuren	palace wall
verpakker	n	de · mv. verpakkers	packer, packager
verpakkingsmateriaal	n	het · mv. verpakkingsmaterialen	packaging material
cadeauverpakking	n	de · mv. cadeauverpakkingen	gift packaging
verpakkingspapier	n	het · mv. verpakkingspapieren	synonym of pakpapier
pakpapier	n	het · mv. pakpapieren	packing paper, paper used as packaging
inpakpapier	n	het · mv. inpakpapieren	synonym of pakpapier
retinopathie	n	de	retinopathy
lenteochtend	n	de · mv. lenteochtenden	spring morning, a morning in the springtime
lentemorgen	n	de · mv. lentemorgens	synonym of lenteochtend
voorjaarsochtend	n	de · mv. voorjaarsochtenden	synonym of lenteochtend
voorjaarsmorgen	n	de · mv. voorjaarsmorgens	synonym of lenteochtend
lentemiddag	n	de · mv. lentemiddagen	spring afternoon, an afternoon in the springtime
voorjaarsmiddag	n	de · mv. voorjaarsmiddagen	synonym of lentemiddag
voorjaarsavond	n	de · mv. voorjaarsavonden	synonym of lenteavond
lentenacht	n	de · mv. lentenachten	spring night, a night in the springtime
voorjaarsnacht	n	de · mv. voorjaarsnachten	synonym of lentenacht
zomerochtend	n	de · mv. zomerochtenden	summer morning
zomermorgen	n	de · mv. zomermorgens	synonym of zomerochtend
zomermiddag	n	de · mv. zomermiddagen	summer afternoon
zomernacht	n	de · mv. zomernachten	summer night
herfstochtend	n	de · mv. herfstochtenden	autumn morning
herfstmorgen	n	de · mv. herfstmorgens	synonym of herfstochtend
aanbaggeren	v	baggerde aan – aangebaggerd	To deposit, bring up, or pile up (silt, mud, etc.) by dredging; To become covered or filled with silt or mud through dredging or accretion
najaarsochtend	n	de · mv. najaarsochtenden	synonym of herfstochtend
najaarsmorgen	n	de · mv. najaarsmorgens	synonym of herfstochtend
aandijken	v	dijkte aan – aangedijkt	To enclose with dikes; to dike in, to empolder; To undergo land accretion behind or along a dike
herfstmiddag	n	de · mv. herfstmiddagen	autumn afternoon
indijken	v	dijkte in – ingedijkt	To dike in, to enclose with dikes; to empolder; To curb, to contain, to limit, to restrain
najaarsmiddag	n	de · mv. najaarsmiddagen	synonym of herfstmiddag
najaarsavond	n	de · mv. najaarsavonden	synonym of herfstavond
merendeels	d		mostly, predominantly, for the most part, largely
herfstnacht	n	de · mv. herfstnachten	autumn night
najaarsnacht	n	de · mv. najaarsnachten	synonym of herfstnacht
winterochtend	n	de · mv. winterochtenden	winter morning
wintermorgen	n	de · mv. wintermorgens	synonym of winterochtend
wintermiddag	n	de · mv. wintermiddagen	winter afternoon
ontzetting	n	de · mv. ontzettingen	dismay, horror, shock, consternation; relief, lifting of a siege; deprivation, removal, or dismissal (from an office, position, or right)
winternacht	n	de · mv. winternachten	winter night
wegbouwen	v	bouwde weg – weggebouwd	to hide from sight by building something in front or around
make-upremover	n	de · mv. make-upremovers	makeup remover
nagellakremover	n	de · mv. nagellakremovers	nail polish remover
nagellakverwijderaar	n	de · mv. nagellakverwijderaars	nail polish remover
kutzooi	n	de	bloody mess
kutzooi	i		damn!
insectenbeet	n	de · mv. insectenbeten	insect bite
achtduizender	n	de · mv. achtduizenders	eight-thousander
slijpsel	n	het · mv. slijpsels	way or shape in which something has been sharpened, ground, or cut; material that comes loose from grinding or sharpening
cacaofantasie	n	de · mv. cacaofantasieën	product with less than 35% cacao; compound chocolate
au-pairbureau	n	het · mv. au-pairbureaus	au pair agency, au pair company
au-paircontract	n	het · mv. au-paircontracten	au pair contract, contract for a job as an au pair
au-pairmeisje	n	het · mv. au-pairmeisjes	young woman working as an au pair
au-pairwerk	n	het	work as an au pair
echec	n	het · mv. echecs	failure
muggenbeet	n	de · mv. muggenbeten	mosquito bite
opstuiten	v	stuitte op – opgestuit	to bounce up
ambulancedienst	n	de · mv. ambulancediensten	ambulance service
clipoorbel	n	de · mv. clipoorbellen	clip-on earring, earclip
oorclip	n	de · mv. oorclips	synonym of clipoorbel
haarclip	n	de · mv. haarclips	hair clip
clipmaker	n	de · mv. clipmakers	music video maker
clipzender	n	de · mv. clipzenders	music video television channel
cherrytomaat	n	de · mv. cherrytomaten	cherry tomato
kerstomaat	n	de · mv. kerstomaten	cherry tomato
compromisbereid	a		willing to compromise
compromisbereidheid	n	de	willingness to compromise
puberachtig	a		characteristic of a pubescent child
puberig	a		synonym of puberachtig
lokpuber	n	de · mv. lokpubers	officer pretending to be a teenager online, in order to identify possible…; teenager sent to buy alcohol by the police in order to identify businesses…
loktiener	n	de · mv. loktieners	synonym of lokpuber
puberdochter	n	de · mv. puberdochters	pubescent daughter
puberzoon	n	de · mv. puberzoons	pubescent son
puberjongen	n	de · mv. puberjongens	pubescent boy
pubermeisje	n	het · mv. pubermeisjes	pubescent girl
puberette	n	de · mv. puberettes	synonym of pubermeisje
dispergeerbaar	a		able to disintegrate in water
dispergeren	v	dispergeerde – gedispergeerd	to disperse
orodispergeerbaar	a		orodispersible
graanpop	n	de · mv. graanpoppen	corn dolly
schildertechniek	n	de · mv. schildertechnieken	painting technique
familie-uitje	n	het · mv. familie-uitjes	family outing
semiotiek	n	de	semiotics
strandvakantie	n	de · mv. strandvakanties	beach holiday
buffelmozzarella	n	de	mozzarella made from buffalo's milk
Nederlandsheid	n	de	Dutchness
Nederlandssprekend	a		Dutch-speaking
Nederlandssprekende	n	de · mv. Nederlandssprekenden	Dutch-speaking person
codebericht	n	het · mv. codeberichten	code message
roodkopgier	n	de · mv. roodkopgieren	turkey vulture
work-out	n	de · mv. work-outs	workout (exercise session)
ananassmaak	n		a pineapple flavor
chocoladesmaak	n		a chocolate flavor
citroensmaak	n		a lemon flavor
fruitsmaak	n		a fruit flavor
karamelsmaak	n		a caramel flavor
sinaasappelsmaak	n		an orange flavor
vanillesmaak	n		a vanilla flavor
kaassmaak	n		a cheese flavor
eiergerecht	n	het · mv. eiergerechten	egg dish
ijzen	v	ijsde – geijsd	to feel cold, to freeze
sportactiviteit	n	de · mv. sportactiviteiten	sport activity
handbalteam	n	het · mv. handbalteams	handball team
concentrisch	a		concentric (having a common center)
borstvoedingsmaffia	n	de	(extreme) proponents of breastfeeding as opposed to infant formula
handbalwedstrijd	n	de · mv. handbalwedstrijden	handball match
pianospelen	v	speelde piano – pianogespeeld	to play piano
vioolspelen	v	speelde viool – vioolgespeeld	to play violin
sportteam	n	het · mv. sportteams	sports team
somatiek	n	de	somatics
psychosomatiek	n	de	psychosomatics
handbalclub	n	de · mv. handbalclubs	handball club
reisplan	n	het · mv. reisplannen	travel plan (intention); travel itinerary
geluiddicht	a		soundproof
glasdicht	a		having all windows installed
halfdicht	a		halfway closed
lekdicht	a		leakless
potdicht	a		tightly closed
regendicht	a		raintight
spatwaterdicht	a		splash-proof
stofdicht	a		dust-tight
vloeistofdicht	a		sealed; impervious to any liquid
kwikachtig	a		mercury-like, resembling or characteristic of the metal mercury
kwikzilverachtig	a		mercurial, volatile; agile
laboratoriumachtig	a		laboratorylike
lava-achtig	a		lavalike
leemachtig	a		loamy
lemig	a		synonym of leemachtig
leerachtig	a		leathery
lenteachtig	a		springlike; typical of the season spring
lila-achtig	a		somewhat lilac, lilacky
luxepoes	n	de · mv. luxepoezen	someone who loves luxury; a spoiled person
#
woordenboeken	woordenboek:n
woordenboekje	woordenboek:n
gratuite	gratuit:a
word	worden:v
ponden	pond:n
pondje	pond:n
pies	pis:n|piesen:v
rave	raven:v
ravede	raven:v
ravet	raven:v
raveden	raven:v
ravend	raven:v
geraved	raven:v
raven	raaf:n
dialecten	dialect:n
dialectje	dialect:n
trade	treden:v
patronages	patronage:n
deals	deal:n
dealtje	deal:n
producten	product:n
productje	product:n
name	nemen:v|naam:n
fa's	fa:n
faatje	fa:n
amen	aam:n
aardwolven	aardwolf:n
aardwolfje	aardwolf:n
abaci	abacus:n
abacussen	abacus:n
abacusje	abacus:n
abattoirs	abattoir:n
abattoirtje	abattoir:n
abjecter	abject:a
abjectst	abject:a
abjecte	abject:a
abjectere	abject:a
abjectste	abject:a
abrupter	abrupt:a
abruptst	abrupt:a
abrupte	abrupt:a
abruptere	abrupt:a
abruptste	abrupt:a
kun	kunnen:v
quizzen	quiz:n
quizje	quiz:n
millennia	millennium:n
millenniumpje	millennium:n
weken	week:n|wijken:v
weekje	week:n
weker	week:a
weekst	week:a
weke	week:a|wijken:v|weken:v
wekere	week:a
weekste	week:a
week	weken:v|wijken:v
nu's	nu:n
nuutje	nu:n
lentes	lente:n
lentetje	lente:n
zomers	zomer:n
zomertje	zomer:n
zomer	zomeren:v
herfsten	herfst:n
herfstje	herfst:n
winters	winter:n
wintertje	winter:n
robots	robot:n
robotten	robot:n
robotje	robot:n
absenter	absent:a
absentst	absent:a
absente	absent:a
absentere	absent:a
absentste	absent:a
absolutisten	absolutist:n
accolades	accolade:n
accoladetje	accolade:n
accurate	accuraat:a
aliens	alien:n
spring	springen:v
het	de:t
vans	van:n
vannen	van:n
hoeden	hoed:n
hoedje	hoed:n
hoedsje	hoed:n
hoed	hoeden:v
dat	die:t
in	innen:v
enen	een:n|een:t|ene:r
eentje	een:n
hij's	hij:n
hijs	hij:n|hijsen:v
hijen	hij:n
hijtje	hij:n
nieten	niet:n
nietje	niet:n
niet	nieten:v
ben	zijn:v
was	zijn:v|wezen:v|wassen:v
bent	zijn:v
is	zijn:v|eens:d
waren	zijn:v|waar:n
wees	zijn:v|wezen:v|wijzen:v
zijnd	zijn:v
geweest	zijn:v
lenzen	lens:n
lensje	lens:n
lens	luns:n
lenzer	lens:a
lenst	lens:a
lenze	lens:a
lenzere	lens:a
lenste	lens:a
wolven	wolf:n
wolfje	wolf:n
starder	star:a
starst	star:a
starre	star:a
stardere	star:a
starste	star:a
o	onzijdig:a
Mexico	Mexico-Stad:m
decades	decade:n
decaden	decade:n
decadetje	decade:n
letters	letter:n
lettertje	letter:n
beren	beer:n|berennen:v
beertje	beer:n
bitten	bit:n
bitje	bit:n
bits	bit:n
mannen	man:n
mans	man:n
mannetje	man:n
manneke	man:n
manneken	man:n
aren	are:n|aar:n
ares	are:n
rape	rapen:v
doctrines	doctrine:n
doctrinetje	doctrine:n
porten	port:n
portje	port:n
port	porren:v
ossen	os:n
osje	os:n
dates	date:n
date	daten:v
lolletje	lol:n
botter	bot:a
botst	bot:a|botsen:v
botte	bot:a|botten:v
bottere	bot:a
botste	bot:a|botsen:v
botten	bot:n
botje	bot:n
bots	bot:n|botsen:v
libero's	libero:n
stocks	stock:n
stockje	stock:n
onderuitputtingen	onderuitputting:n
onderuitputtinkje	onderuitputting:n
warren	war:n
warretje	war:n
euro's	euro:n
eurootje	euro:n
wage	wagen:v
banken	bank:n
bankje	bank:n
opener	open:a
openst	open:a
openste	open:a
open	openen:v
fruit	fruiten:v
biggen	big:n
biggetje	big:n
meetings	meeting:n
meetinkje	meeting:n
quislingen	quisling:n
quislingetje	quisling:n
lasten	last:n|lassen:v
lastje	last:n
last	lassen:v|lasten:v
acacia's	acacia:n
acaciaatje	acacia:n
SMS	sms:n
radio's	radio:n
radiootje	radio:n
barcodes	barcode:n
bloder	blood:a
bloodst	blood:a
gassen	gas:n
gasje	gas:n
gas	gassen:v
marsen	mars:n
marsje	mars:n
mi's	mi:n
love	loven:v
computers	computer:n
computertje	computer:n
computer	computeren:v
absolute	absoluut:a
abstracter	abstract:a
abstractst	abstract:a
abstracte	abstract:a
abstractere	abstract:a
abstractste	abstract:a
absurder	absurd:a
absurdst	absurd:a
absurde	absurd:a
absurdere	absurd:a
absurdste	absurd:a
abundanter	abundant:a
abundantst	abundant:a
abundante	abundant:a
abundantere	abundant:a
abundantste	abundant:a
accenten	accent:n
accentje	accent:n
affixen	affix:n
affixje	affix:n
bio	biologie:n
smileys	smiley:n
smileytje	smiley:n
accountants	accountant:n
accumulatoren	accumulator:n
Belarussen	Belarus:n
Belarusje	Belarus:n
shuttles	shuttle:n
shuttletje	shuttle:n
mappen	map:n
mapje	map:n
indexen	index:n
indices	index:n
indexje	index:n
stormen	storm:n
stormpje	storm:n
storm	stormen:v
win	winnen:v
drinks	drink:n
drinkje	drink:n
drink	drinken:v
baby's	baby:n
baby'tje	baby:n
standen	stand:n
standje	stand:n
stands	stand:n
emoticons	emoticon:n
yeti's	yeti:n
yetietje	yeti:n
radars	radar:n
radartje	radar:n
presidenten	president:n
presidentje	president:n
presidente	president:n
fucks	fuck:n
fuck	fucken:v
DNA	desoxyribonucleïnezuur:n
closer	close:a
closest	close:a
closere	close:a
closeste	close:a
kills	kill:n
killie	kill:n
drugs	drug:n
here	heer:n
planten	plant:n
plantje	plant:n
plant	planten:v|plannen:v
stylussen	stylus:n
darren	dar:n
darretje	dar:n
beiger	beige:a
beigest	beige:a
beigere	beige:a
beigeste	beige:a
gold	gelden:v
grenen	green:n
greens	green:n
magenta's	magenta:n
pinken	pink:n
pinkje	pink:n
red	redden:v
violetten	violet:n
violetje	violet:n
violetter	violet:a
violetst	violet:a
violette	violet:a
violettere	violet:a
violetste	violet:a
grapefruits	grapefruit:n
grapefruitje	grapefruit:n
citrussen	citrus:n
Chinesen	Chinese:n
Chinese	Chinees:a
tuba's	tuba:n
tubaatje	tuba:n
tempo's	tempo:n
tempi	tempo:n
tempootje	tempo:n
duels	duel:n
duelletje	duel:n
musicals	musical:n
musicalletje	musical:n
musicaltje	musical:n
wrongen	wrong:n|wringen:v
wrongetje	wrong:n
wrong	wringen:v
wring	wringen:v
wove	wuiven:v
worsten	worst:n
worstje	worst:n
dollars	dollar:n
dollartje	dollar:n
casts	cast:n
castje	cast:n
cast	casten:v
routers	router:n
routertje	router:n
keyboards	keyboard:n
keyboarden	keyboard:n
keyboardje	keyboard:n
weekenden	weekend:n
weekends	weekend:n
weekendje	weekend:n
benen	been:n
beentje	been:n
beenderen	been:n
been	benen:v
pitten	pit:n
pitje	pit:n
pits	pit:n
Welsher	Welsh:a
Welsht	Welsh:a
Welshe	Welsh:a
Welshere	Welsh:a
Welshte	Welsh:a
imperfecter	imperfect:a
imperfectst	imperfect:a
imperfecte	imperfect:a
imperfectere	imperfect:a
imperfectste	imperfect:a
parallellen	parallel:n
parallelletje	parallel:n
parallelle	parallel:a
pi's	pi:n
pi'tje	pi:n
jacks	jack:n
jackje	jack:n
theeën	thee:n
theetje	thee:n
designs	design:n
sollen	sol:n
solletje	sol:n
humoren	humor:n
humores	humor:n
tennis	tennissen:v
polyglotten	polyglot:n
polyglotje	polyglot:n
polyglotte	polyglot:a|polyglot:n
handen	hand:n
handje	hand:n
at	eten:v|atten:v
toe	toen:d|toen:c
ellen	el:n
elletje	el:n
regimes	regime:n
regimetje	regime:n
finish	finishen:v
deer	deren:v
anoa's	anoa:n
anoaatje	anoa:n
zebra's	zebra:n
zebraatje	zebra:n
alpaca's	alpaca:n
alpacaatje	alpaca:n
yak	jak:n
lama's	lama:n
lamaatje	lama:n
guanaco's	guanaco:n
guanacootje	guanaco:n
wombats	wombat:n
wombatje	wombat:n
koala's	koala:n
koalaatje	koala:n
jachten	jacht:n
jachtje	jacht:n
jacht	jachten:v
wiki's	wiki:n
wikietje	wiki:n
voornamen	voornaam:n|voornemen:v
voornaampje	voornaam:n
voornamer	voornaam:a
voornaamst	voornaam:a
voorname	voornaam:a
voornamere	voornaam:a
voornaamste	voornaam:a
treden	tree:n|tred:n
treeën	tree:n
trees	tree:n
treetje	tree:n
ate	eten:v
bongo's	bongo:n
impala's	impala:n
impalaatje	impala:n
boys	boy:n
boytje	boy:n
boykie	boy:n
girls	girl:n
girltje	girl:n
antecedenten	antecedent:n
antecedentje	antecedent:n
adjuncten	adjunct:n
my	mij:r
concrete	concreet:a
copula's	copula:n
copulae	copula:n
subjecten	subject:n
subjectje	subject:n
stemmen	stem:n
stemmetje	stem:n
stem	stemmen:v
kiwi's	kiwi:n
kiwietje	kiwi:n
species	specie:n
mikado's	mikado:n
mikadootje	mikado:n
airs	air:n
airtje	air:n
argumenten	argument:n
argumentje	argument:n
armen	arm:n
armpje	arm:n
armer	arm:a
armst	arm:a
arme	arm:a
armere	arm:a
armste	arm:a
assen	as:n
asje	as:n
as	als:c|als:p
Maneblussers	Maneblusser:n
Maneblussertje	Maneblusser:n
bijvoeglijker	bijvoeglijk:a
bijvoeglijkst	bijvoeglijk:a
bijvoeglijke	bijvoeglijk:a
bijvoeglijkere	bijvoeglijk:a
bijvoeglijkste	bijvoeglijk:a
accidenten	accident:n
accidentje	accident:n
bomen	boom:n
boompje	boom:n
boomken	boom:n
booms	boom:n
boom	bodem:n|bomen:v|boomen:v
5	aanbidden:v|zien:v|geven:v
aanbid	aanbidden:v
aanbad	aanbidden:v
aanbidt	aanbidden:v
aanbaden	aanbidden:v
aanbiddend	aanbidden:v
aanbeden	aanbidden:v
wassen	was:n
wasje	was:n
waste	wassen:v
wast	wassen:v
wasten	wassen:v
wassend	wassen:v
gewassen	wassen:v|gewas:n
7	wassen:v|slapen:v|gaan:v
wies	wassen:v|wiezen:v
wiesen	wassen:v
-	wassen:a|benen:a|zullen:v
gewast	wassen:v
kerels	kerel:n
kereltje	kerel:n
kluiten	kluit:n
kluitje	kluit:n
kluit	kluut:n
siblingen	sibling:n
nonnen	non:n
nonnetje	non:n
nichten	nicht:n
nichtje	nicht:n
hoter	hot:a
hotst	hot:a
hotter	hot:a
hotte	hot:a
hottere	hot:a
hotste	hot:a
warmer	warm:a
warmst	warm:a
warme	warm:a
warmere	warm:a
warmste	warm:a
cooler	cool:a
coolst	cool:a
coole	cool:a
coolere	cool:a
coolste	cool:a
Thais	Thai:n
vleugelen	vleugel:n
vleugels	vleugel:n
vleugeltje	vleugel:n
men	mennen:v
male	maal:n|malen:v
habitats	habitat:n
habitatje	habitat:n
hacks	hack:n
hackje	hack:n
astronauten	astronaut:n
astronautje	astronaut:n
complete	compleet:a
projecten	project:n
projectje	project:n
experimenten	experiment:n
experimentje	experiment:n
Afrikaanser	Afrikaans:a
Afrikaanst	Afrikaans:a
Afrikaanse	Afrikaans:a
Afrikaansere	Afrikaans:a
Afrikaanste	Afrikaans:a
pigmenten	pigment:n
pigmentje	pigment:n
finales	finale:n
finaletje	finale:n
finale	finaal:a
updates	update:n
updateje	update:n
update	updaten:v
bergamotten	bergamot:n
bergamotje	bergamot:n
ratten	rat:n
ratje	rat:n
indigo's	indigo:n
lobben	lob:n
lobbetje	lob:n
lobs	lob:n
lobje	lob:n
lob	lobben:v
sombrero's	sombrero:n
sombrerootje	sombrero:n
tutu's	tutu:n
tutuutje	tutu:n
hutten	hut:n
hutje	hut:n
alligators	alligator:n
alligatortje	alligator:n
hobby's	hobby:n
hobby'tje	hobby:n
pennen	pen:n
pennetje	pen:n
gun	gunnen:v
ambers	amber:n
ambertje	amber:n
caracals	caracal:n
caracalletje	caracal:n
ministers	minister:n
ministertje	minister:n
hallelujah	halleluja:i|halleluja:n
fascisten	fascist:n
fascistje	fascist:n
avocado's	avocado:n
tortilla's	tortilla:n
tortillaatje	tortilla:n
salsa's	salsa:n
epigrammen	epigram:n
epigrammetje	epigram:n
episoden	episode:n
episodes	episode:n
episodetje	episode:n
equinoxen	equinox:n
hazels	hazel:n
marina's	marina:n
marinaatje	marina:n
hamsters	hamster:n
hamstertje	hamster:n
hamster	hamsteren:v
replica's	replica:n
replicaatje	replica:n
safari's	safari:n
safarietje	safari:n
handout	hand-out:n
brochures	brochure:n
brochuretje	brochure:n
toiletten	toilet:n
toiletje	toilet:n
beien	bei:n
beitje	bei:n
beis	bei:n
dellen	del:n
delletje	del:n
ais	ai:n
vrijer	vrij:a
vrijst	vrij:a
vrije	vrij:a|vrijen:v
vrijere	vrij:a
vrijste	vrij:a
vrij	vrijen:v
wei	weide:n
haren	haar:n|haar:t
haartje	haar:n
mijnen	mijn:n|mijn:t
mijntje	mijn:n
goden	god:n
godje	god:n
baden	bad:n|bidden:v
badje	bad:n
bad	bidden:v
kinderen	kind:n
kinders	kind:n
kindje	kind:n
kindertje	kind:n
kindeken	kind:n
kindelijn	kind:n
ballen	bal:n
balletje	bal:n|ballet:n
bals	bal:n
bal	ballen:v
tampen	tamp:n
tampje	tamp:n
bannen	ban:n
bans	ban:n
ban	bannen:v
barakken	barak:n
barakje	barak:n
beats	beat:n
beatje	beat:n
bedden	bed:n
bedje	bed:n
listen	list:n
talk	talg:n
songs	song:n
zakken	zak:n
zakje	zak:n
zak	zakken:v
beffen	bef:n|blaffen:v
befje	bef:n
bef	beffen:v
beg	bei:n
beginnetje	begin:n
begin	beginnen:v
bellen	bel:n
belletje	bel:n
bel	bellen:v
beginners	beginner:n
beginnertje	beginner:n
beende	benen:v
beent	benen:v
beenden	benen:v
benend	benen:v
gebeend	benen:v
sounds	sound:n
soundje	sound:n
OK	operatiekamer:n
positronen	positron:n
verder	ver:a
verst	ver:a|vers:a
verre	ver:a|ver:d
verdere	ver:a
verste	ver:a|vers:a
verser	vers:a
verse	vers:a
versere	vers:a
verzen	vers:n
versje	vers:n
loken	look:n|luiken:v
lookje	look:n
look	luiken:v
looks	look:n
graffiti's	graffiti:n
jargons	jargon:n
jargonnetje	jargon:n
slangen	slang:n
slangetje	slang:n
slangs	slang:n
pedanter	pedant:a
pedantst	pedant:a
pedante	pedant:a
pedantere	pedant:a
pedantste	pedant:a
polders	polder:n
poldertje	polder:n
we	wij:r
he	hè:i|hé:i
me	mij:r
uwe	uw:t
Taiwanese	Taiwanees:a
Taiwanesen	Taiwanese:n
talenten	talent:n
talentje	talent:n
graft	gracht:n
handicaps	handicap:n
handicapje	handicap:n
leg	leggen:v
angels	angel:n
angeltje	angel:n
pizza's	pizza:n
pizzaatje	pizza:n
perfecter	perfect:a
perfectst	perfect:a
perfecte	perfect:a
perfectere	perfect:a
perfectste	perfect:a
slimmer	slim:a
slimst	slim:a
slimme	slim:a
slimmere	slim:a
slimste	slim:a
re's	re:n
re'tje	re:n
piñata's	piñata:n
piñataatje	piñata:n
pata's	pata:n
pataatje	pata:n
ganzen	gans:n
gansje	gans:n
heler	heel:a
heelst	heel:a
hele	heel:a|heel:d|helen:v
helere	heel:a
heelste	heel:a
heel	helen:v
boulevards	boulevard:n
boulevardje	boulevard:n
Zulu's	Zulu:n
zomen	zoom:n
zoompje	zoom:n
zooms	zoom:n
zoom	zomen:v|zoomen:v
do's	do:n
chats	chat:n
chatje	chat:n
chat	chatten:v
Turken	Turk:n
Turkje	Turk:n
demen	deem:n
deemke	deem:n
dia's	dia:n
diaatje	dia:n
kali's	kali:n
takken	tak:n
takje	tak:n
harder	hard:a
hardst	hard:a
harde	hard:a|harden:v
hardere	hard:a
hardste	hard:a
hard	harden:v
transgenders	transgender:n
boke	bo:n
dodo's	dodo:n
dodootje	dodo:n
wilde	wild:a|willen:v|weelde:n
wilden	wilde:n|willen:v
train	trainen:v
rails	rail:n
railsje	rail:n
railtje	rail:n
winkels	winkel:n
winkeltje	winkel:n
winkel	winkelen:v
eventuele	eventueel:a
mama's	mama:n
mamaatje	mama:n
palmen	palm:n
palmpje	palm:n
lammeren	lam:n
lammetje	lam:n
lammer	lam:a|lammeren:v
lamst	lam:a
lamme	lam:a
lammere	lam:a|lammeren:v
lamste	lam:a
adherenter	adherent:a
adherentst	adherent:a
adherente	adherent:a
adherentere	adherent:a
adherentste	adherent:a
pinnen	pin:n
pinnetje	pin:n
pins	pin:n
pin	pinnen:v
races	race:n
raceje	race:n
race	racen:v
artsen	arts:n
artsje	arts:n
copyrights	copyright:n
copyright	copyrighten:v
facetten	facet:n
facetje	facet:n
advocate	advocaat:n
were	weren:v
bore	boren:v
born	bron:n
bid	bidden:v
bind	binden:v
bledden	bled:n
breder	breed:a
breedst	breed:a
brede	breed:a
bredere	breed:a
breedste	breed:a
bust	bussen:v
creeps	creep:n
doven	dove:n
dove	doof:a|doven:v
dranken	drank:n
drankje	drank:n
fed	federatie:n
feeds	feed:n
blonder	blond:a
blondst	blond:a
blonde	blond:a
blondere	blond:a
blondste	blond:a
fitter	fit:a
fitst	fit:a
fitte	fit:a
fittere	fit:a
fitste	fit:a
accounts	account:n
accountje	account:n
darts	dart:n
dartje	dart:n
gaven	gave:n|geven:v
gaves	gave:n
gavetje	gave:n
gaafje	gave:n
gave	geven:v|gaaf:a
went	wennen:v
helden	held:n|hellen:v
heldje	held:n
go's	go:n
hangen	hang:n
hangetje	hang:n
hang	hangen:v
haven	have:n|havenen:v
had	hebben:v
hits	hit:n|hitsen:v
hitje	hit:n
hitten	hit:n
hitske	hit:n
heldinnen	heldin:n
heldinnetje	heldin:n
inputs	input:n
kepen	keep:n
keepje	keep:n
keeps	keep:n
knelt	knellen:v
continenten	continent:n
continente	continent:a
gerund	runnen:v
let	letten:v
liederen	lied:n
liedje	lied:n
natter	nat:a
lost	lossen:v|los:a
make	maken:v
maden	made:n
maadje	made:n
meten	meet:n
meetje	meet:n
meet	meten:v
clichés	cliché:n
clicheetje	cliché:n
machines	machine:n
machientje	machine:n
machinetje	machine:n
mallen	mal:n|malle:n
malletje	mal:n
maller	mal:a
malst	mal:a|mals:a
malle	mal:a
mallere	mal:a
malste	mal:a|mals:a
rake	raak:a|raken:v
tractoren	tractor:n
tractors	tractor:n
tractortje	tractor:n
reactoren	reactor:n
reactors	reactor:n
actores	actor:n
actoren	actor:n
actortje	actor:n
factoren	factor:n
factortje	factor:n
shirts	shirt:n
shirtje	shirt:n
spellingen	spelling:n
spellinkje	spelling:n
spelt	spellen:v
statements	statement:n
bugs	bug:n
brieven	brief:n
briefje	brief:n
brief	briefen:v
boten	boot:n
bootje	boot:n
belief	believen:v
camera's	camera:n
cameraatje	camera:n
attend	atten:v
body's	body:n
body'tje	body:n
baskets	basket:n
complexer	complex:a
complext	complex:a
complexe	complex:a
complexere	complex:a
complexte	complex:a
complexen	complex:n
complexje	complex:n
bridge	bridgen:v
curven	curve:n
curves	curve:n
curvetje	curve:n
cells	cell:n
celltje	cell:n
overate	overeten:v
slepen	sleep:n|slijpen:v
sleepje	sleep:n
sleep	slijpen:v|slepen:v
proven	prove:n
provetje	prove:n
putten	put:n
putje	put:n
put	putten:v
remakes	remake:n
remakeje	remake:n
rode	rood:a
ringen	ring:n
ringetje	ring:n
rangen	rang:n
rangetje	rang:n
parasols	parasol:n
parasollen	parasol:n
parasolletje	parasol:n
run	runnen:v
sets	set:n
setje	set:n
ambivalenter	ambivalent:a
ambivalentst	ambivalent:a
ambivalente	ambivalent:a
ambivalentere	ambivalent:a
ambivalentste	ambivalent:a
bourgeoistje	bourgeois:n
browse	browsen:v
charlatans	charlatan:n
charlatannetje	charlatan:n
filibusters	filibuster:n
dupes	dupe:n
interesten	interest:n
interestje	interest:n
shots	shot:n
shotje	shot:n
shows	show:n
showtje	show:n
spoke	spoken:v
smelt	smelten:v
spook	spoken:v
spookte	spoken:v
spookt	spoken:v
spookten	spoken:v
spokend	spoken:v
gespookt	spoken:v
spoken	spook:n
spinnen	spin:n
spinnetje	spin:n
spins	spin:n
spin	spinnen:v
spitten	spit:n
speten	spit:n|spijten:v
spitje	spit:n
speetje	spit:n
spatten	spat:n
spatje	spat:n
spat	spatten:v
splitten	split:n
splitje	split:n
split	splitten:v
spreads	spread:n
sticks	stick:n
stickje	stick:n
stink	stinken:v
stanken	stank:n
stankje	stank:n
impacts	impact:n
strikes	strike:n
strings	string:n
stringetje	string:n
taak	taken:v
taakte	taken:v
taakt	taken:v
taakten	taken:v
takend	taken:v
getaakt	taken:v
taken	taak:n
waken	wake:n
wake	waken:v
woker	woke:a
wokest	woke:a
wed	wedden:v
wedden	wed:n|wedde:n
wedje	wed:n
wetten	wet:n
wetje	wet:n
wet	wetten:v
won	winnen:v
winden	wind:n|winde:n
windje	wind:n
wind	winden:v
era's	era:n
limo	limousine:n|limonade:n
concerns	concern:n
concerntje	concern:n
crushes	crush:n
crush	crushen:v
bitterder	bitter:a
bitterst	bitter:a
bittere	bitter:a
bitterdere	bitter:a
bitterste	bitter:a
bitters	bitter:n
bittertje	bitter:n
by	bij:p|bij:d|bij:a
boxen	box:n
boxje	box:n
brake	breken:v|braken:v|braak:a
cakes	cake:n
cakeje	cake:n
basen	base:n
basetje	base:n
covers	cover:n
covertje	cover:n
storken	stork:n
storkje	stork:n
basis	base:n
basissen	basis:n
bases	basis:n
basisje	basis:n
relaxter	relaxed:a
relaxtst	relaxed:a
relaxte	relaxed:a|relaxen:v
relaxtere	relaxed:a
relaxtste	relaxed:a
heb	hebben:v
hebt	hebben:v
heeft	hebben:v
hadden	hebben:v
hebbend	hebben:v
gehad	hebben:v
3	worden:v|gewaarworden:v|verworden:v
werd	worden:v
wordt	worden:v
werden	worden:v
wordend	worden:v
geworden	worden:v
microben	microbe:n
microbes	microbe:n
microbetje	microbe:n
zal	zullen:v
zou	zullen:v
zult	zullen:v
zul	zullen:v
zouden	zullen:v
zullend	zullen:v
vellen	vel:n
velletje	vel:n
vel	vellen:v
vendels	vendel:n
vendelen	vendel:n
vendeltje	vendel:n
venen	veen:n
vennen	ven:n
vennetje	ven:n
Russischer	Russisch:a
Russischt	Russisch:a
Russische	Russisch:a
Russischere	Russisch:a
Russischte	Russisch:a
lake	laken:v
kekker	kek:a
kekst	kek:a
kekke	kek:a
kekkere	kek:a
kekste	kek:a
bollen	bol:n
bolletje	bol:n
bolleke	bol:n
boller	bol:a
bolst	bol:a
bolle	bol:a
bollere	bol:a
bolste	bol:a
effecten	effect:n
effectje	effect:n
doren	door:n
end	eind:n
flats	flat:n
flatje	flat:n
piano's	piano:n
pianootje	piano:n
crises	crisis:n
crisissen	crisis:n
crisisje	crisis:n
octopussen	octopus:n
octopusje	octopus:n
penissen	penis:n
penisje	penis:n
roosters	rooster:n
roostertje	rooster:n
rooster	roosteren:v
wisenten	wisent:n
wisentje	wisent:n
hare	haar:r|haar:t
otters	otter:n
ottertje	otter:n
lynxen	lynx:n
lynxje	lynx:n
marmotten	marmot:n
lasers	laser:n
lasertje	laser:n
modems	modem:n
modempje	modem:n
rammen	ram:n
rammetje	ram:n
ram	rammen:v
bied	bieden:v
krotten	krot:n
krotje	krot:n
krotteke	krot:n
bieten	biet:n
bietje	biet:n
billen	bil:n
billetje	bil:n
Roms	Rom:n
Roma	Rom:n
roder	rood:a
roodst	rood:a
rodere	rood:a
roodste	rood:a
sappen	sap:n
sapje	sap:n
listje	list:n
longen	long:n
longetje	long:n
livings	living:n
plasma's	plasma:n
doctoren	doctor:n
doctors	doctor:n
doctortje	doctor:n
blades	blade:n
gutsen	guts:n
gutsje	guts:n
guts	gutsen:v
flows	flow:n
volumen	volume:n
volumes	volume:n
volumetje	volume:n
nonen	none:n
noontje	none:n
rot	rotten:v|rat:n
rotte	rotten:v|rot:a
rottend	rotten:v
gerot	rotten:v
rotten	rot:n
correcter	correct:a
correctst	correct:a
correcte	correct:a
correctere	correct:a
correctste	correct:a
meters	meter:n
metertje	meter:n
possen	pos:n
posje	pos:n
lig	liggen:v
liften	lift:n
liftje	lift:n
lift	liften:v
klokken	klok:n
klokje	klok:n
klok	klokken:v
klimmen	klim:n
klim	klimmen:v
ethers	ether:n
augmenten	augment:n
baronnen	baron:n
baronnetje	baron:n
monarchen	monarch:n
monarchje	monarch:n
dictatoren	dictator:n
dictators	dictator:n
dictatortje	dictator:n
communisten	communist:n
communistje	communist:n
katana's	katana:n
san's	san:n
sannetje	san:n
bo's	bo:n
displays	display:n
displaytje	display:n
attachments	attachment:n
g	gram:n
m	mannelijk:a
v	vrouwelijk:a
kolonies	kolonie:n
koloniën	kolonie:n
kolonietje	kolonie:n
kuddes	kudde:n
kudden	kudde:n
kuddetje	kudde:n
meuten	meute:n
meutes	meute:n
stoppen	stop:n
stopje	stop:n
stop	stoppen:v
nutter	nut:a
nutst	nut:a
nutte	nut:a|nutten:v
nuttere	nut:a
nutste	nut:a
cylinder	cilinder:n
carburatoren	carburator:n
carburators	carburator:n
carburatortje	carburator:n
maren	mare:n
maartje	mare:n|maart:n
mares	mare:n
mare	maren:v
prefixen	prefix:n
prefixje	prefix:n
prefixe	prefix:a
grammen	gram:n
grammetje	gram:n
grammer	gram:a
gramst	gram:a
integerder	integer:a
integerst	integer:a
integere	integer:a
integerdere	integer:a
integerste	integer:a
pers	persen:v
perste	persen:v
perst	persen:v
persten	persen:v
persend	persen:v
geperst	persen:v
persen	pers:n
meren	meer:n
meertje	meer:n
meer	veel:t|meren:v
peren	peer:n|pere:n
peertje	peer:n
tenen	teen:n
teentje	teen:n
petten	pet:n
petje	pet:n
petter	pet:a
petst	pet:a
pette	pet:a
pettere	pet:a
petste	pet:a
contenter	content:a
contentst	content:a
anime's	anime:n
animeetje	anime:n
manga's	manga:n
mangaatje	manga:n|mangat:n
CEO's	CEO:n
CEO'tje	CEO:n
party's	party:n
party'tje	party:n
platformen	platform:n
platforms	platform:n
platformpje	platform:n
planken	plank:n
plankje	plank:n
kinnen	kin:n
kinnetje	kin:n
thermometers	thermometer:n
thermometertje	thermometer:n
banden	band:n|bannen:v
bandje	band:n
bands	band:n
protonen	proton:n
neutronen	neutron:n
neutronnetje	neutron:n
neutroontje	neutron:n
neutrontje	neutron:n
weertje	weer:n
weren	weer:n
weer	weren:v
hoop	hopen:v
hopen	hoop:n
hoopje	hoop:n
pubs	pub:n
pubje	pub:n
harems	harem:n
harempje	harem:n
heter	heet:a
heetst	heet:a
hete	heet:a|heten:v
hetere	heet:a
heetste	heet:a
heet	heten:v
squash	squashen:v
gourmets	gourmet:n
gourmetje	gourmet:n
gourmet	gourmetten:v
halmen	halm:n
halmpje	halm:n
menu's	menu:n
menuutje	menu:n
teken	teek:n|tekenen:v
teekje	teek:n
tekenen	teken:n
tekens	teken:n
tekentje	teken:n
zie	zien:v
zag	zien:v
ziet	zien:v
zagen	zien:v|zaag:n
ziend	zien:v
gezien	zien:v
moppen	mop:n
mopje	mop:n
mops	mop:n
mop	moppen:v
marken	mark:n|marke:n
raafje	raaf:n
dump	dumpen:v
community's	community:n
wallen	wal:n
walletje	wal:n
wanten	want:n
wantje	want:n
want	wannen:v
starts	start:n
startje	start:n
start	starten:v
lekkerder	lekker:a
lekkerst	lekker:a
lekkere	lekker:a|lek:a
lekkerdere	lekker:a
lekkerste	lekker:a
lekker	lek:a
lekkers	lekker:n|lekker:a
lekkertje	lekker:n
sofa's	sofa:n
sofaatje	sofa:n
genders	gender:n
maskers	masker:n
maskertje	masker:n
massages	massage:n
massagetje	massage:n
masseurs	masseur:n
masseurtje	masseur:n
masseuses	masseuse:n
slaap	slapen:v
sliep	slapen:v
slaapt	slapen:v
sliepen	slapen:v
slapend	slapen:v
geslapen	slapen:v
slapen	slaap:n
dank	danken:v
treinen	trein:n
treintje	trein:n
harten	hart:n
hartje	hart:n
hart	hert:n
namen	naam:n|nemen:v
naampje	naam:n
hara-kiri	harakiri:n
arroganter	arrogant:a
arrogantst	arrogant:a
arrogante	arrogant:a
arrogantere	arrogant:a
arrogantste	arrogant:a
land	landen:v
landde	landen:v
landt	landen:v
landden	landen:v
landend	landen:v
geland	landen:v
landen	land:n
Brusselse	Brussels:a
luiken	luik:n
luikje	luik:n
luik	luiken:v
penen	peen:n
peentje	peen:n
luier	lui:a|luieren:v
luist	lui:a|luizen:v
luie	lui:a
luiere	lui:a|luieren:v
luiste	lui:a
lui	lieden:n
luiers	luier:n
luiertje	luier:n
liezen	lies:n
kiezen	kies:n
kiesje	kies:n
kiezer	kies:a
kiest	kies:a|kiezen:v
kieze	kies:a|kiezen:v
kiezere	kies:a
kieste	kies:a
kies	kiezen:v
wieren	wier:n
wiertje	wier:n
monden	mond:n
mondje	mond:n
alerter	alert:a
alertst	alert:a
alerte	alert:a
alertere	alert:a
alertste	alert:a
aa	a:n
weeë	wee:a
weeën	wee:n
weetje	wee:n|weet:n
penalty's	penalty:n
penalty'tje	penalty:n
eksters	ekster:n
ekstertje	ekster:n
Vietnamesen	Vietnamese:n
Vietnamese	Vietnamees:a
games	game:n
gamepje	game:n
game	gamen:v
precedenten	precedent:n
contexten	context:n
putters	putter:n
puttertje	putter:n
garden	garde:n
snuffelvliegtuigen	snuffelvliegtuig:n
snuffelvliegtuigje	snuffelvliegtuig:n
papers	paper:n
papertje	paper:n
files	file:n
filetje	file:n|filet:n
images	image:n
help	helpen:v
link	links:a|linker:a|linken:v
linker	link:a
linkst	link:a|links:a
linke	link:a
linkere	link:a|linker:a
linkste	link:a|links:a
links	link:n
linkje	link:n
vliegtuigen	vliegtuig:n
vliegtuigje	vliegtuig:n
passages	passage:n
passagetje	passage:n
enger	eng:a
engst	eng:a
enge	eng:a
engere	eng:a
engste	eng:a
eng	enk:n
lassen	las:n
lasje	las:n
las	lezen:v|lassen:v
extreme	extreem:a
nazi's	nazi:n
nazi'tje	nazi:n
ruinen	ruin:n
ruintje	ruin:n
dampen	damp:n
dampje	damp:n
damp	dampen:v
dampte	dampen:v
dampt	dampen:v
dampten	dampen:v
dampend	dampen:v
gedampt	dampen:v
hosts	host:n
hostje	host:n
host	hossen:v|hosten:v
discreter	discreet:a
discreetst	discreet:a
discrete	discreet:a
discretere	discreet:a
discreetste	discreet:a
kerven	kerf:n
kerfje	kerf:n
kerf	kerven:v
nuances	nuance:n
nuancen	nuance:n
nuanceje	nuance:n
nuancetje	nuance:n
orders	order:n
hangers	hanger:n
hangertje	hanger:n
outputs	output:n
kicks	kick:n
kick	kicken:v
reiner	rein:a
reinst	rein:a
reine	rein:a
reinere	rein:a
reinste	rein:a
fierder	fier:a
fierst	fier:a
fiere	fier:a
fierdere	fier:a
fierste	fier:a
bijen	bij:n
bijtje	bij:n|bijt:n
bloed	bloeden:v
blutter	blut:a
blutst	blut:a
blutte	blut:a
bluttere	blut:a
blutste	blut:a
wapens	wapen:n
wapenen	wapen:n
wapentje	wapen:n
wapen	wapenen:v
hammen	ham:n
hammetje	ham:n
vonden	vond:n|vinden:v
vondje	vond:n
vond	vinden:v
geef	geven:v
gaf	geven:v
geeft	geven:v
gevend	geven:v
gegeven	geven:v
jaguars	jaguar:n
jaguartje	jaguar:n
otto's	otto:n
onze	ons:t|ons:r
ledig	leeg:a
rotter	rot:a
rotst	rot:a
rottere	rot:a
rotste	rot:a
rotje	rot:n
dames	dame:n
dametje	dame:n
elven	elf:n
elfje	elf:n
elfen	elf:n
tanks	tank:n
tankje	tank:n
tank	tanken:v
wanden	wand:n|wannen:v
wandje	wand:n
kimono's	kimono:n
kimonootje	kimono:n
duo's	duo:n
duootje	duo:n
legend	legen:v
motten	mot:n
motje	mot:n
miljoenen	miljoen:n
miljoentje	miljoen:n
bloemen	bloem:n
bloempje	bloem:n
bloemetje	bloem:n
muziekje	muziek:n
boeken	boek:n
boekje	boek:n
boekske	boek:n
boek	boeken:v
gamma's	gamma:n
gammaatje	gamma:n
cokes	coke:n
downloads	download:n
downloadje	download:n
download	downloaden:v
giraffe	giraf:n
testen	test:n
tests	test:n
testje	test:n
test	testen:v
delta's	delta:n
deltaatje	delta:n
epsilons	epsilon:n
epsilonnetje	epsilon:n
digamma's	digamma:n
digammaatje	digamma:n
studs	stud:n
studje	stud:n
munten	munt:n
muntje	munt:n
munt	munten:v
mints	mint:n
mint	minnen:v
rook	roken:v|ruiken:v|rieken:v
transferiums	transferium:n
transferia	transferium:n
transferiumpje	transferium:n
kilometers	kilometer:n
kilometertje	kilometer:n
decameters	decameter:n
dino's	dino:n
dinootje	dino:n
okapi's	okapi:n
okapietje	okapi:n
genera	genus:n
orthodontisten	orthodontist:n
orthodontistje	orthodontist:n
seconden	seconde:n
secondes	seconde:n
secondje	seconde:n
secondetje	seconde:n
chaosje	chaos:n
carbonnetje	carbon:n
asterisken	asterisk:n
asteriskje	asterisk:n
kappa's	kappa:n
kappaatje	kappa:n
osso's	osso:n
ossootje	osso:n
appels	appel:n
appelen	appel:n
appeltje	appel:n
appelletje	appel:n
cafés	café:n
cafeetje	café:n
stenen	steen:n
steentje	steen:n
lambda's	lambda:n
lambdaatje	lambda:n
mu's	mu:n
muutje	mu:n
giften	gift:n
giftje	gift:n
gifte	gift:a
centimeters	centimeter:n
centimetertje	centimeter:n
decimeters	decimeter:n
decimetertje	decimeter:n
hectometers	hectometer:n
corrupter	corrupt:a
corruptst	corrupt:a
corrupte	corrupt:a
corruptere	corrupt:a
corruptste	corrupt:a
nerven	nerf:n
ft.	fort:n|vesting:n
kilo	kilogram:n
dagen	dag:n
dagje	dag:n
daagje	dag:n
daggen	dag:n|dagge:n
dammen	dam:n
dammetje	dam:n
dam	dammen:v
xi's	xi:n
xi'tje	xi:n
dalen	dal:n
dalletje	dal:n
dallen	dal:n
premiers	premier:n
premiertje	premier:n
nucleusen	nucleus:n
nuclei	nucleus:n
nucleusje	nucleus:n
decibels	decibel:n
decibeltje	decibel:n
woks	wok:n
wokken	wok:n
wokje	wok:n
echo's	echo:n
echootje	echo:n
echo	echoën:v
sonars	sonar:n
milligrammen	milligram:n
milliliters	milliliter:n
palladia	palladium:n
bussen	bus:n
busje	bus:n
bus	bussen:v
scholen	school:n|schuilen:v
schooltje	school:n
school	schuilen:v|scholen:v
sex	seks:n
buggy's	buggy:n
buggy'tje	buggy:n
linkser	links:a
linkse	links:a
linksere	links:a
nader	na:a|naderen:v
naast	na:a|naasten:v
naë	na:a
nadere	na:a|nader:a|naderen:v
naaste	na:a|naasten:v
na	naar:p
si's	si:n
sietje	si:n
arder	ar:a
arst	ar:a
arren	ar:n|ar:a
arretje	ar:n
ga	gaan:v
ge	gij:r
potten	pot:n
potje	pot:n
pot	potten:v
samoerais	samoerai:n
samoeraitje	samoerai:n
vacuüms	vacuüm:n
vacua	vacuüm:n
vacuümpje	vacuüm:n
croissants	croissant:n
croissantje	croissant:n
persje	pers:n
perzen	pers:n
vaten	vat:n
vatje	vat:n
vaatje	vat:n
vat	vatten:v
pinten	pint:n
pintje	pint:n
pint	pinnen:v
laden	la:n
la's	la:n
laatje	la:n|laat:n
po's	po:n
pootje	po:n|poot:n
ra's	ra:n
raatje	ra:n|raat:n
pa's	pa:n
paatje	pa:n
essen	es:n
esje	es:n
es	eens:d
foetussen	foetus:n
foetusje	foetus:n
decigrammen	decigram:n
centigrammen	centigram:n
parlementen	parlement:n
parlementje	parlement:n
pis	pissen:v
wannen	wan:n
wannetje	wan:n
wan	wannen:v
halve	half:a
tweeën	twee:n
tweetje	twee:n|tweet:n
vieren	vier:n
viertje	vier:n
vier	vieren:v|vuur:n
zessen	zes:n
zesje	zes:n
zeef	zeven:v
zeefde	zeven:v
zeeft	zeven:v
zeefden	zeven:v
zevend	zeven:v
gezeefd	zeven:v
zeven	zeef:n
acht	achten:v
negens	negen:n
negentje	negen:n
negen	nijgen:v
informaties	informatie:n
decagrammen	decagram:n
mussen	mus:n
musje	mus:n
rho's	rho:n
rho'tje	rho:n
milkshakes	milkshake:n
milkshakeje	milkshake:n
zebrapaden	zebrapad:n
zebrapaadje	zebrapad:n
organen	orgaan:n
orgaantje	orgaan:n
insecten	insect:n
insectje	insect:n
pikken	pik:n
pikje	pik:n
pikkie	pik:n
pik	pek:n|pikken:v
spaden	spade:n|spa:n
spades	spade:n
spader	spade:a|spa:a
spaadst	spade:a|spa:a
spadere	spade:a|spa:a
spaadste	spade:a|spa:a
lexicons	lexicon:n
lexica	lexicon:n
lexiconnetje	lexicon:n
tools	tool:n
tooltje	tool:n
omegas	omega:n
omegaatje	omega:n
liever	lief:a|graag:d
liefst	lief:a|graag:d
lieve	lief:a
lievere	lief:a
liefste	lief:a
lieven	lief:n
liefje	lief:n
der	de:t
dassen	das:n
dasje	das:n
hallo's	hallo:n
hallootje	hallo:n
hallo	halloën:v
generatoren	generator:n
generators	generator:n
generatortje	generator:n
shops	shop:n
shopje	shop:n
onussen	onus:n
onera	onus:n
onusje	onus:n
intelligenter	intelligent:a
intelligentst	intelligent:a
intelligente	intelligent:a
intelligentere	intelligent:a
intelligentste	intelligent:a
dokken	dok:n
dokje	dok:n
onthaalpagina's	onthaalpagina:n
onthaalpaginaatje	onthaalpagina:n
spectrums	spectrum:n
spectra	spectrum:n
spectrumpje	spectrum:n
manifesten	manifest:n
manifestje	manifest:n
manifeste	manifest:a
echter	echt:a
echtst	echt:a
echte	echt:a
echtere	echt:a
echtste	echt:a
forks	fork:n
forkje	fork:n
restaurants	restaurant:n
restauranten	restaurant:n
restaurantje	restaurant:n
circuits	circuit:n
circuitje	circuit:n
levers	lever:n
levertje	lever:n
lever	leveren:v
kloten	kloot:n
klootje	kloot:n
kerosines	kerosine:n
halalle	halal:a
grassen	gras:n
grasje	gras:n
poppen	pop:n
popje	pop:n
poppetje	pop:n
pop	poppen:v
musts	must:n
sacramenten	sacrament:n
pure	puur:a
evangelisten	evangelist:n
evangelistje	evangelist:n
cherubs	cherub:n
cherubje	cherub:n
protestanten	protestant:n
protestantje	protestant:n
grove	grof:a
crashes	crash:n
crashje	crash:n
crash	crashen:v
cash	cashen:v
lunchen	lunch:n
lunches	lunch:n
lunchje	lunch:n
lunch	lunchen:v
eieren	ei:n
eitje	ei:n
ei's	ei:n
ei'tje	ei:n
kennels	kennel:n
kenneltje	kennel:n
colleges	college:n
collegetje	college:n
maxima	maximum:n
maximums	maximum:n
maximumpje	maximum:n
minima	minimum:n
marathons	marathon:n
marathonnetje	marathon:n
netten	net:n
netje	net:n
netter	net:a|netjes:a
netst	net:a|netjes:a
nette	net:a
nettere	net:a
netste	net:a
navels	navel:n
naveltje	navel:n
slopen	sloop:n|sluipen:v
sloopje	sloop:n
sloop	sluipen:v|slopen:v
masten	mast:n
mastje	mast:n
switches	switch:n
switchje	switch:n
switch	switchen:v
Daniel	Daniël:m
vegans	vegan:n
visa	visum:n
jamben	jambe:n
harpen	harp:n
harpje	harp:n
splinters	splinter:n
splintertje	splinter:n
protagonisten	protagonist:n
onsen	ons:n
onzen	ons:n|ons:t
onsje	ons:n
banger	bang:a
bangst	bang:a
bange	bang:a
bangere	bang:a
bangste	bang:a
bangen	bang:n
bangetje	bang:n
mate	maat:n|meten:v|maté:n
belten	belt:n
beltje	belt:n
belt	bellen:v
bitches	bitch:n
bitchje	bitch:n
equidistante	equidistant:a
rusten	rust:n
rust	rusten:v
transcendente	transcendent:a
calculi	calculus:n
mail	e-mail:n|mailen:v
bagels	bagel:n
bageltje	bagel:n
torussen	torus:n
torusje	torus:n
parachutes	parachute:n
parachuutje	parachute:n
fruitcakes	fruitcake:n
fruitcakeje	fruitcake:n
neige	neigen:v
whiteboards	whiteboard:n
whiteboardje	whiteboard:n
constanter	constant:a
constantst	constant:a
constante	constant:a
constantere	constant:a
constantste	constant:a
matrices	matrix:n
matrixen	matrix:n
matrixje	matrix:n
vectoren	vector:n
vectortje	vector:n
scalars	scalar:n
scalaren	scalar:n
plastics	plastic:n|plastic:a
bars	bar:n
barretje	bar:n
barder	bar:a
barst	bar:a|bars:a|barsten:v
barre	bar:a
bardere	bar:a
barste	bar:a|bars:a|barsten:v
sails	sail:n
acute	acuut:a
unions	union:n
zoos	zoo:n
zootje	zoo:n|zooi:n|zode:n
zoo	zo:d
Majorca	Mallorca:m
stressors	stressor:n
stressoren	stressor:n
nicer	nice:a
nicest	nice:a
nicere	nice:a
niceste	nice:a
lagen	laag:n|liggen:v|lage:n
leeg	legen:v
leegde	legen:v
leegt	legen:v
leegden	legen:v
geleegd	legen:v
importen	import:n
importje	import:n
Seoul	Seoel:m
cola	kola:n
cola's	cola:n
colaatje	cola:n
skin	skinhead:n
skins	skin:n
skinnetje	skin:n
patten	pat:n
patje	pat:n
tappen	tap:n
tapje	tap:n
kopers	koper:n
kopertje	koper:n
koper	koperen:v
alchemisten	alchemist:n
alchemistje	alchemist:n
believe	believen:v
sandwiches	sandwich:n
sandwichje	sandwich:n
sigma's	sigma:n
sigmaatje	sigma:n
taus	tau:n
tautje	tau:n
upsilon	ypsilon:n
phi's	phi:n
phi'tje	phi:n
chi's	chi:n
chi'tje	chi:n
psi's	psi:n
psi'tje	psi:n
Tanach	Tenach:m
venten	vent:n
ventje	vent:n
vent	venten:v
fans	fan:n
fannetje	fan:n
terpen	terp:n
terpje	terp:n
papieren	papier:n
papiertje	papier:n
papyri	papyrus:n
papyrussen	papyrus:n
papyrusje	papyrus:n
hip-hop	hiphop:n
serpenten	serpent:n
serpentje	serpent:n
elementen	element:n
elementje	element:n
nucleonen	nucleon:n
botanisten	botanist:n
pianisten	pianist:n|pianiste:n
pianistje	pianist:n
Nepalese	Nepalees:a
Nepalesen	Nepalese:n
Telugu's	Telugu:n
Teluguutje	Telugu:n
hamburgers	hamburger:n
hamburgertje	hamburger:n
affecten	affect:n
affectje	affect:n
enkele	enkel:a
enkels	enkel:n
enkeltje	enkel:n
candela's	candela:n
ampères	ampère:n
kilogrammen	kilogram:n
kilogrammetje	kilogram:n
coulombs	coulomb:n
joules	joule:n
ohms	ohm:n
ohmpje	ohm:n
goals	goal:n
goaltje	goal:n
scores	score:n
scoretje	score:n
Liechtensteiners	Liechtensteiner:n
broden	brood:n|brodden:v
broodje	brood:n
paupers	pauper:n
paupertje	pauper:n
volts	volt:n
voltje	volt:n
watts	watt:n
wattje	watt:n
drones	drone:n
droontje	drone:n
kimmen	kim:n
kimmetje	kim:n
bontje	bont:n
bonter	bont:a
bontst	bont:a
bonte	bont:a
bontere	bont:a
bontste	bont:a
vloei	vloeien:v
vloeide	vloeien:v
vloeit	vloeien:v
vloeiden	vloeien:v
vloeiend	vloeien:v
gevloeid	vloeien:v
fluxen	flux:n
fluxje	flux:n
flux	fluks:a
spam	spammen:v
breit	breien:v
trials	trial:n
trialtje	trial:n
hypes	hype:n
hypeje	hype:n
hype	hypen:v
Basken	Bask:n
banjo's	banjo:n
banjootje	banjo:n
sabbaticals	sabbatical:n
Nederlandser	Nederlands:a
Nederlandst	Nederlands:a
Nederlandse	Nederlands:a
Nederlandsere	Nederlands:a
Nederlandste	Nederlands:a
gym	gymnasium:n|gymnastiek:n
gyms	gym:n
gymmetje	gym:n
checks	check:n
checkje	check:n
check	checken:v
gymnasia	gymnasium:n
gymnasiums	gymnasium:n
gymnasiumpje	gymnasium:n
prototypes	prototype:n
prototypen	prototype:n
cheques	cheque:n
chequeje	cheque:n
3b	bergen:v|trekken:v|zwemmen:v
berg	bergen:v
borg	bergen:v|borgen:v
bergt	bergen:v
borgen	bergen:v|borg:n
bergend	bergen:v
geborgen	bergen:v
bergen	berg:n
clubs	club:n
clubje	club:n
cluppie	club:n
club	clubben:v
infinitieven	infinitief:n
infinitiefje	infinitief:n
brillers	briller:n
losser	los:a
losse	los:a|lossen:v
lossere	los:a
loste	los:a|lossen:v
lossen	los:n|losse:n
losje	los:n
los	lossen:v
backslashes	backslash:n
backslashen	backslash:n
backslashje	backslash:n
occulter	occult:a
occultst	occult:a
occulte	occult:a
occultere	occult:a
occultste	occult:a
factotums	factotum:n
factotumpje	factotum:n
gabardines	gabardine:n
gabardinetje	gabardine:n
collages	collage:n
panda's	panda:n
pandaatje	panda:n
miasmata	miasma:n
miasma's	miasma:n
miasmaatje	miasma:n
sicker	sick:a
sickst	sick:a
sicke	sick:a
sickere	sick:a
sickste	sick:a
landje	land:n
lippen	lip:n
lipje	lip:n
centen	cent:n
centje	cent:n
gazellen	gazelle:n
gazelletje	gazelle:n
wildebeesten	wildebeest:n
wildebeestje	wildebeest:n
flamingo's	flamingo:n
flamingootje	flamingo:n
hyena's	hyena:n
hyenaatje	hyena:n
flags	flag:n
flagje	flag:n
cobra's	cobra:n
cobraatje	cobra:n
brioches	brioche:n
atlassen	atlas:n
fairder	fair:a
fairst	fair:a
faire	fair:a
fairdere	fair:a
fairste	fair:a
fairs	fair:n
festivals	festival:n
festivalletje	festival:n
types	type:n
typen	type:n
typetje	type:n
type	typen:v
stelen	steel:n
steeltje	steel:n
steel	stelen:v
plannen	plan:n
plannetje	plan:n
plan	plannen:v
drama's	drama:n
dramaatje	drama:n
galahs	galah:n
galahtje	galah:n
properder	proper:a
properst	proper:a
propere	proper:a
properdere	proper:a
properste	proper:a
fronten	front:n
frontje	front:n
codes	code:n
codetje	code:n
video's	video:n
videootje	video:n
transporten	transport:n
transportje	transport:n
farms	farm:n
farmpje	farm:n
farm	farmen:v
scanners	scanner:n
scannertje	scanner:n
requests	request:n
requestje	request:n
request	rekest:n
producers	producer:n
producertje	producer:n
propaganda's	propaganda:n
propagandaatje	propaganda:n
offers	offer:n
offertje	offer:n
offer	offeren:v
researchje	research:n
donzen	dons:n
donsje	dons:n
papa's	papa:n
papaatje	papa:n
dissen	dis:n|diss:n
disje	dis:n
liten	lite:n
litetje	lite:n
hap	happen:v
hapte	happen:v
hapt	happen:v
hapten	happen:v
happend	happen:v
gehapt	happen:v
happen	hap:n
heir	heer:n
mane	manen:v
je	jij:r|jullie:r|jullie:t
stalk	stalken:v
honden	hond:n
hondje	hond:n
hamers	hamer:n
hamertje	hamer:n
hamer	hameren:v
services	service:n
cruises	cruise:n
cruiseje	cruise:n
gladder	glad:a
gladst	glad:a
gladde	glad:a
gladdere	glad:a
gladste	glad:a
yams	yam:n
yammen	yam:n
yammetje	yam:n
dansen	dans:n|reidansen:v
dansje	dans:n
dans	dansen:v|dan:n|reidansen:v
romans	roman:n
romannetje	roman:n
ghetto	getto:n
pare	paren:v
Duitser	Duits:a
Duitst	Duits:a
Duitse	Duits:a
Duitsere	Duits:a
Duitste	Duits:a
souvenirs	souvenir:n
souvenirtje	souvenir:n
magazines	magazine:n
muggen	mug:n
mugje	mug:n
muggetje	mug:n
seinen	sein:n
seintje	sein:n
sein	seinen:v
seine	seinen:v
gezelliger	gezellig:a
gezelligst	gezellig:a
gezellige	gezellig:a
gezelligere	gezellig:a
gezelligste	gezellig:a
staten	staat:n
staatje	staat:n
staat	staan:v
slips	slip:n
slipje	slip:n
slippen	slip:n
slip	slippen:v
baad	baden:v
baadde	baden:v
baadt	baden:v|bidden:v
baadden	baden:v
badend	baden:v
gebaad	baden:v
exen	ex:n
exje	ex:n
bessen	bes:n
besje	bes:n
pokers	poker:n
pokertje	poker:n
poker	pokeren:v
wieg	wiegen:v
wiegde	wiegen:v
wiegt	wiegen:v
wiegden	wiegen:v
wiegend	wiegen:v
gewiegd	wiegen:v
wiegen	wieg:n
wiegje	wieg:n
turven	turf:n
turfje	turf:n
turf	turven:v
clitores	clitoris:n
clitorissen	clitoris:n
clitorisje	clitoris:n
snookers	snooker:n
snookertje	snooker:n
polen	pool:n
pooltje	pool:n
pools	pool:n
moren	more:n|moor:n
moretje	more:n
logger	log:a
logst	log:a
logge	log:a
loggere	log:a
logste	log:a
loggen	log:n
logje	log:n
logs	log:n
pachinko's	pachinko:n
pachinkootje	pachinko:n
specials	special:n
recenter	recent:a
recentst	recent:a
recente	recent:a
recentere	recent:a
recentste	recent:a
alen	aal:n
aaltje	aal:n
aal	aalt:n
paters	pater:n
patertje	pater:n
fraters	frater:n
fratertje	frater:n
rossen	ros:n
rosje	ros:n
rosser	ros:a
rost	ros:a|rossen:v
rosse	ros:a
rossere	ros:a
roste	ros:a|rossen:v
nixen	nix:n
nix	niks:r
gasten	gast:n|gassen:v
gastje	gast:n
gast	gassen:v
coyotes	coyote:n
coyootje	coyote:n
puddingen	pudding:n
puddinkje	pudding:n
bladeren	blad:n
blaadje	blad:n
bladen	blad:n
Punjabi's	Punjabi:n
Punjabietje	Punjabi:n
Vlaamser	Vlaams:a
Vlaamst	Vlaams:a
Vlaamse	Vlaams:a
Vlaamsere	Vlaams:a
Vlaamste	Vlaams:a
appendices	appendix:n
bureaus	bureau:n
bureautje	bureau:n
corpora	corpus:n|corps:n
corpussen	corpus:n
corpusje	corpus:n
Sarah	Sara:m
batter	batteren:v
scenario's	scenario:n
scenariootje	scenario:n
trucks	truck:n
truckje	truck:n
labels	label:n
labeltje	label:n
mango's	mango:n
mangootje	mango:n
curry's	curry:n
curry'tje	curry:n
cembalo's	cembalo:n
loos	loo:n|lozen:v
loon	loo:n|lonen:v
killer	kil:a
kalt	kallen:v
lusten	lust:n
lustje	lust:n
lust	lusten:v
tarantula's	tarantula:n
tarantulaatje	tarantula:n
truckers	trucker:n
truckertje	trucker:n
ecologisten	ecologist:n
ecologistje	ecologist:n
datums	datum:n
data	datum:n
datumpje	datum:n
focussen	focus:n
fungi	fungus:n
media	medium:n
mediumpje	medium:n
mediums	medium:n
series	serie:n
stimuli	stimulus:n
stimulusje	stimulus:n
thesis	these:n
vitae	vita:n
juni's	juni:n
junietje	juni:n
juli's	juli:n
julietje	juli:n
porti	porto:n
porto's	porto:n
theses	these:n
ponsen	pons:n
ponsje	pons:n
pons	punch:n
opera	opus:n
opussen	opus:n
opusje	opus:n
homo's	homo:n
homootje	homo:n
paren	paar:n
paartje	paar:n
paar	paren:v
hippies	hippie:n
wen	wennen:v
trams	tram:n
trammen	tram:n
trammetje	tram:n
trailers	trailer:n
verba	verbum:n
veto's	veto:n
vetootje	veto:n
vermis	vermissen:v
acte	akte:n
hecatomben	hecatombe:n
hecatombes	hecatombe:n
anaconda's	anaconda:n
bargen	barg:n
bargje	barg:n
bergje	berg:n
metropolissen	metropolis:n
metropolisje	metropolis:n
kleuren	kleur:n
kleurtje	kleur:n
kleur	kleuren:v
toppen	top:n
topje	top:n
tops	top:n
top	toppen:v
topjes	topje:n
placebo's	placebo:n
tsarina's	tsarina:n
tartans	tartan:n
danke	danken:v
bare	baren:v|baar:a
tonnen	ton:n
tonnetje	ton:n
nudisten	nudist:n
naturisten	naturist:n
negers	neger:n
negertje	neger:n
nie	niet:d
brandstoffen	brandstof:n
brandstofje	brandstof:n
directer	direct:a
directst	direct:a
directe	direct:a
directere	direct:a
directste	direct:a
oasen	oase:n
oases	oase:n
oasetje	oase:n
raderen	rad:n
raadje	rad:n|raad:n
radje	rad:n
radertje	rad:n
radder	rad:a
radst	rad:a
radde	rad:a
raddere	rad:a
radste	rad:a
randen	rand:n
randje	rand:n
recht	rechts:a|rechter:a|rechten:v
rechter	recht:a
rechtst	recht:a|rechts:a
rechte	recht:a|rechten:v
rechtere	recht:a|rechter:a
rechtste	recht:a|rechts:a
rechten	recht:n
rechtje	recht:n
rechtser	rechts:a
rechtse	rechts:a
rechtsere	rechts:a
momenten	moment:n
momentje	moment:n
robben	rob:n
robbetje	rob:n
robbeken	rob:n
Eskimo's	Eskimo:n
Eskimootje	Eskimo:n
hymnes	hymne:n
hymnetje	hymne:n
kan	kunnen:v
kon	kunnen:v
kunt	kunnen:v
konden	kunnen:v
kunnend	kunnen:v
gekund	kunnen:v
lofzangen	lofzang:n
passers	passer:n
passertje	passer:n
nerds	nerd:n
nerdje	nerd:n
jobs	job:n
semesters	semester:n
semestertje	semester:n
trimesters	trimester:n
trimestertje	trimester:n
corps	korps:n
corpsen	corps:n
corpsje	corps:n
ja's	ja:n
jaatje	ja:n
auto's	auto:n
autootje	auto:n
Cherokees	Cherokee:n
sedans	sedan:n
saloons	saloon:n
saloontje	saloon:n
best	goed:a|bes:n|goe:a
fuga's	fuga:n
fugaatje	fuga:n
leden	lid:n|lijden:v
lidje	lid:n
ledeken	lid:n
dragons	dragon:n
dragonnetje	dragon:n
centauren	centaur:n
centaurtje	centaur:n
mensch	mens:n
basilisken	basilisk:n
basiliskje	basilisk:n
beten	beet:n|bijten:v
beetje	beet:n
beet	biet:n|bijten:v
canons	canon:n
canonnetje	canon:n
puppy's	puppy:n
puppy'tje	puppy:n
hoppen	hop:n
hopje	hop:n
ganders	gander:n
gandertje	gander:n
tenders	tender:n
tendertje	tender:n
modes	mode:n
modetje	mode:n
witter	wit:a
witst	wit:a
witte	wit:a|witten:v
wittere	wit:a
witste	wit:a
witten	wit:n
witje	wit:n
wit	witten:v
hennen	hen:n
hennetje	hen:n
aquaria	aquarium:n
aquariums	aquarium:n
aquariumpje	aquarium:n
doe	doen:v|toen:d|toen:c
doe's	doe:n
doezer	does:a
doest	does:a|doezen:v
doeze	does:a
doezere	does:a
doeste	does:a
does	douche:n|doezen:v
kippen	kip:n
kippetje	kip:n
kipje	kip:n
wormen	worm:n
wormpje	worm:n
vossen	vos:n
vosje	vos:n
vos	vossen:v
barken	bark:n
barkje	bark:n
marines	marine:n
marinetje	marine:n
rouges	rouge:n
rougetje	rouge:n
canvassen	canvas:n
socialisten	socialist:n
socialistje	socialist:n
detonators	detonator:n
detonatortje	detonator:n
tumulten	tumult:n
beauty's	beauty:n
beauty'tje	beauty:n
cups	cup:n
cupje	cup:n
comforts	comfort:n
comfortje	comfort:n
kittens	kitten:n
kittentje	kitten:n
kit	kitten:v
kitte	kitten:v
kittend	kitten:v
gekit	kitten:v
kitten	kit:n
stewards	steward:n
jij	jijen:v
speechen	speech:n
speeches	speech:n
speechje	speech:n
sinisterder	sinister:a
sinisterst	sinister:a
sinistere	sinister:a
sinisterdere	sinister:a
sinisterste	sinister:a
harken	hark:n
harkje	hark:n
hark	harken:v
PIN	pin:n
ATM's	ATM:n
ATM'etje	ATM:n
tickets	ticket:n
ticketje	ticket:n
tokens	token:n
tokentje	token:n
quarantaines	quarantaine:n
quarantainetje	quarantaine:n
Polen	Pool:n
trio's	trio:n
triootje	trio:n
details	detail:n
detailtje	detail:n
leren	leer:n
leertje	leer:n
leer	ladder:n|leren:v
leger	dijkleger:n|leeg:a|legeren:v
legers	leger:n
legertje	leger:n
gels	gel:n
jams	jam:n
jammetje	jam:n
dandy's	dandy:n
dandy'tje	dandy:n
fop	foppen:v
incubussen	incubus:n
incubi	incubus:n
incubusje	incubus:n
stove	stuiven:v|stoven:v
moortje	moor:n
eunuchen	eunuch:n
eunuchje	eunuch:n
lattes	latte:n
latte's	latte:n
latte	latten:v
balustrades	balustrade:n
balustraden	balustrade:n
balustradetje	balustrade:n
balusters	baluster:n
balustertje	baluster:n
trappen	trap:n
trapje	trap:n
trappetje	trap:n
trap	trappen:v
torren	tor:n
torretje	tor:n
rennen	ren:n
rennetje	ren:n
ren	rennen:v
ken	kennen:v
bonnen	bon:n
bons	bon:n|bonze:n|bonzen:v
bonnetje	bon:n
bommen	bom:n
bommetje	bom:n
bokken	bok:n|bukken:v
bokje	bok:n
bok	bokken:v
mossen	mos:n
mosje	mos:n
reuken	reuk:n
reukje	reuk:n
keus	keuze:n|keu:n
leus	leuze:n
houten	hout:n
houtje	hout:n
hout	houten:v
fikken	fik:n
fikkie	fik:n
fik	fikken:v
dennen	den:n
dennetje	den:n
den	de:t
bossen	bos:n
bosje	bos:n
zonnen	zon:n|zinnen:v
zonnetje	zon:n
zon	zonnen:v|zinnen:v
reuzen	reus:n
reusje	reus:n
schuil	schuilen:v
builen	buil:n
builtje	buil:n
tuilen	tuil:n
tuiltje	tuil:n
ruilen	ruil:n
ruiltje	ruil:n
ruil	ruilen:v
huil	huilen:v
muilen	muil:n
muiltje	muil:n
muil	muilen:v
bouten	bout:n
boutje	bout:n
fouten	fout:n
foutje	fout:n
fouter	fout:a
foutst	fout:a
foute	fout:a
foutere	fout:a
foutste	fout:a
zouten	zout:n
zoutje	zout:n
zouter	zout:a
zoutst	zout:a
zoute	zout:a|zouten:v
zoutere	zout:a
zoutste	zout:a
zout	zouten:v
tikken	tik:n
tikje	tik:n
tik	tikken:v
sikken	sik:n
sikje	sik:n
dikker	dik:a
dikst	dik:a
dikke	dik:a
dikkere	dik:a
dikste	dik:a
mikken	mik:n
mikje	mik:n
mik	mikken:v
likken	lik:n
likje	lik:n
lik	likken:v
wegen	weg:n|weeg:n
wegje	weg:n
weggetje	weg:n|wegge:n
giet	gieten:v
rieten	riet:n
rietje	riet:n
hikken	hik:n
hikje	hik:n
neuzen	neus:n
neusje	neus:n
pagina's	pagina:n
paginaatje	pagina:n
zeg	zeggen:v
heggen	heg:n
hegje	heg:n
wijzer	wijs:a
wijst	wijs:a|wijzen:v
wijze	wijs:a|wijzen:v
wijzere	wijs:a
wijste	wijs:a
wijzen	wijs:n|wijze:n
wijsje	wijs:n|wijze:n
wijs	wijzen:v
hazen	haas:n
haasje	haas:n
eenden	eend:n
eendje	eend:n
gaat	gaan:v
naarder	naar:a
naarst	naar:a
nare	naar:a
naardere	naar:a
naarste	naar:a
eet	eten:v
kommen	kom:n|komen:v
kommetje	kom:n
komke	kom:n
kom	komen:v
dommer	dom:a
domst	dom:a
domme	dom:a
dommere	dom:a
domste	dom:a
dommen	dom:n
domkerken	dom:n|domkerk:n
dommetje	dom:n
domkerkje	dom:n
dom	duim:n
sommen	som:n
sommetje	som:n
ooms	oom:n
oompje	oom:n
oren	oor:n
oortje	oor:n
ogen	oog:n
oogje	oog:n
oog	ogen:v
zetten	zet:n
zetje	zet:n
zet	zetten:v
voors	voor:n
voren	voor:n|voorn:n
voortje	voor:n
boren	boor:n
boortje	boor:n
boor	boren:v
muren	muur:n
muurtje	muur:n
puurder	puur:a
puurst	puur:a
puurdere	puur:a
puurste	puur:a
zuurder	zuur:a
zuurst	zuur:a
zure	zuur:a
zuurdere	zuur:a
zuurste	zuur:a
zuren	zuur:n
zuurtje	zuur:n
duurder	duur:a
duurst	duur:a
dure	duur:a|duren:v
duurdere	duur:a
duurste	duur:a
duur	duren:v
zitten	zit:n
zitje	zit:n
zit	zitten:v
kuren	kuur:n
kuurtje	kuur:n
kazen	kaas:n
kaasje	kaas:n
vazen	vaas:n
vaasje	vaas:n
gazen	gaas:n
gaasje	gaas:n
vijzen	vijs:n
vijsje	vijs:n
vijs	vijzen:v
bazen	baas:n
baasje	baas:n
wazen	waas:n
waasje	waas:n
riep	roepen:v
jassen	jas:n
jasje	jas:n
jas	jassen:v
rent	rennen:v
interregna	interregnum:n
interregnums	interregnum:n
interregnumpje	interregnum:n
heiliger	heilig:a
heiligst	heilig:a
heilige	heilig:a|heiligen:v
heiligere	heilig:a
heiligste	heilig:a
heilig	heiligen:v
tapes	tape:n
tapeje	tape:n
canards	canard:n
canardje	canard:n
bolides	bolide:n
bolidetje	bolide:n
criteria	criterium:n
stollen	stol:n
stolletje	stol:n
stol	stollen:v
barn	barnen:v
barnde	barnen:v
barnt	barnen:v
barnden	barnen:v
barnend	barnen:v
gebarnd	barnen:v
tale	taal:n
instrumenten	instrument:n
instrumentje	instrument:n
suis	suizen:v
adders	adder:n
adderen	adder:n
addertje	adder:n
gris	grissen:v
eigener	eigen:a
eigenst	eigen:a
eigenste	eigen:a
eigen	eigenen:v
spots	spot:n
spotje	spot:n
administratoren	administrator:n
nonna's	nonna:n
nonnaatje	nonna:n
nonnie	nonna:n
sphinx	sfinx:n|sphynx:n
poll	pollen:v
pollde	pollen:v
pollt	pollen:v
pollden	pollen:v
pollend	pollen:v
gepolld	pollen:v
pollen	pol:n
pulse	pulsen:v
ambulances	ambulance:n
hangars	hangar:n
hangartje	hangar:n
concubines	concubine:n
concubinen	concubine:n
saboteurs	saboteur:n
aften	aft:n
aftje	aft:n
jokers	joker:n
jokertje	joker:n
joker	jokeren:v
agenda's	agenda:n
agendaatje	agenda:n
agenten	agent:n
agentje	agent:n|agente:n
registers	register:n
registertje	register:n
alarmen	alarm:n
alarmpje	alarm:n
intervallen	interval:n
intervalletje	interval:n
alibi's	alibi:n
alibietje	alibi:n
alkaliën	alkali:n
allures	allure:n
meerkatten	meerkat:n
meerkatje	meerkat:n
chips	chip:n
chipje	chip:n
aloude	aloud:a
alpine	alpien:a
gnomons	gnomon:n
pointers	pointer:n
pointertje	pointer:n
amateurs	amateur:n
amateurtje	amateur:n
blogs	blog:n
blogje	blog:n
knotten	knot:n
knotje	knot:n
kammen	kam:n
kammetje	kam:n
kam	kammen:v
pedo	pedofiel:n
snacks	snack:n
snackje	snack:n
snack	snacken:v
amens	amen:n
amentje	amen:n
amuses	amuse:n
analyses	analyse:n
analysen	analyse:n
analysetje	analyse:n
anarchisten	anarchist:n
anarchistje	anarchist:n
tilde	tillen:v
sketches	sketch:n
sketchje	sketch:n
rubbers	rubber:n
rubbertje	rubber:n
gene	geen:a|geen:t
demonen	demon:n|demoon:n
demons	demon:n
Maya's	Maya:n
carillons	carillon:n
carillonnetje	carillon:n
gloednieuwe	gloednieuw:a
spiksplinternieuwer	spiksplinternieuw:a
spiksplinternieuwe	spiksplinternieuw:a
spiksplinternieuwere	spiksplinternieuw:a
spiksplinternieuwste	spiksplinternieuw:a
orthodoxe	orthodox:a
nou	nu:d
chap	sjap:n
duiten	duit:n
duitje	duit:n
pisangs	pisang:n
pisangetje	pisang:n
films	film:n
filmpje	film:n
pendekken	pendek:n
pendekje	pendek:n
Sranan	Sranantongo:m
borden	bord:n
bordje	bord:n
genotypen	genotype:n
genotypes	genotype:n
genotypetje	genotype:n
anten	ante:n
aparter	apart:a
apartst	apart:a
aparte	apart:a
apartere	apart:a
apartste	apart:a
huishoudhulpen	huishoudhulp:n
huishoudhulpje	huishoudhulp:n
tone	tonen:v
niches	niche:n
nicheje	niche:n
steps	step:n
stepje	step:n
steppes	steppe:n
steppetje	steppe:n
ski's	ski:n
skietje	ski:n
ski	skiën:v
moves	move:n
move	moven:v
farao's	farao:n
faraootje	farao:n
roven	roof:n|ruiven:v
roofje	roof:n
roof	roven:v|ruiven:v
pistes	piste:n
pistetje	piste:n
piste	pissen:v
ovens	oven:n
oventje	oven:n
feeën	fee:n
feetje	fee:n
managers	manager:n
managertje	manager:n
gele	geel:a
sneren	sneer:n
sneers	sneer:n
sneertje	sneer:n
droppen	drop:n|druppen:v
dropje	drop:n
droppie	drop:n|dropje:n
tees	tee:n
teetje	tee:n
tee	thee:n
urines	urine:n
nerfje	nerf:n
anussen	anus:n
ani	anus:n
anusje	anus:n
evers	ever:n
evertje	ever:n
experts	expert:n
experten	expert:n
expertje	expert:n
hotels	hotel:n
hotelletje	hotel:n
hostels	hostel:n
append	appen:v
massa's	massa:n
massaatje	massa:n
insecticides	insecticide:n
insecticiden	insecticide:n
hoofdpagina's	hoofdpagina:n
hoofdpaginaatje	hoofdpagina:n
gummen	gum:n
gummetje	gum:n
desserten	dessert:n
desserts	dessert:n
dessertje	dessert:n
crucifixen	crucifix:n
crucifixje	crucifix:n
bobs	bob:n
printers	printer:n
printertje	printer:n
propellers	propeller:n
propellertje	propeller:n
propellor	propeller:n
roe	roede:n
roes	roe:n
roetje	roe:n
uni	universiteit:n
grimes	grime:n
Adonis	adonis:n
sadomasochisten	sadomasochist:n
hectogrammen	hectogram:n
eg	eggen:v
egde	eggen:v
egt	eggen:v|echt:a|echt:d
egden	eggen:v
eggend	eggen:v
geëgd	eggen:v
maarten	maart:n
maart	maren:v
Duitsers	Duitser:n
Duitsertje	Duitser:n
Spaanser	Spaans:a
Spaanst	Spaans:a
Spaanse	Spaans:a
Spaansere	Spaans:a
Spaanste	Spaans:a
Grieken	Griek:n
Griekje	Griek:n
Engelser	Engels:a
Engelst	Engels:a
Engelse	Engels:a
Engelsere	Engels:a
Engelste	Engels:a
deuren	deur:n
deurtje	deur:n
deurke	deur:n
bieren	bier:n
biertje	bier:n
Japanser	Japans:a
Japanst	Japans:a
Japanse	Japans:a
Japansere	Japans:a
Japanste	Japans:a
2a	vliegen:v|genieten:v|schieten:v
vlieg	vliegen:v
vloog	vliegen:v
vliegt	vliegen:v
vlogen	vliegen:v
vliegend	vliegen:v
gevlogen	vliegen:v
vliegen	vlieg:n
poepen	poep:n
poepje	poep:n
poep	poepen:v
wonde	wond:n|winden:v|wonden:v
6	slaan:v|dragen:v|gedragen:v
sla	slaan:v
sloeg	slaan:v
slaat	slaan:v
sloegen	slaan:v
slaand	slaan:v
geslagen	slaan:v
leef	leven:v
leefde	leven:v
leeft	leven:v
leefden	leven:v
levend	leven:v
geleefd	leven:v
levens	leven:n
leventje	leven:n
stukken	stuk:n
stukje	stuk:n
stuks	stuk:n
stukker	stuk:a
stukst	stuk:a
stukke	stuk:a
stukkere	stuk:a
stukste	stuk:a
Chineser	Chinees:a
Chineest	Chinees:a
Chinesere	Chinees:a
Chineeste	Chinees:a
Chinezen	Chinees:n
Chineesje	Chinees:n
vruchten	vrucht:n
vruchtje	vrucht:n
vrucht	vruchten:v
lokken	lok:n
lokje	lok:n
lok	lokken:v
Italiaanser	Italiaans:a
Italiaanst	Italiaans:a
Italiaanse	Italiaans:a
Italiaansere	Italiaans:a
Italiaanste	Italiaans:a
ijzers	ijzer:n
ijzertje	ijzer:n
zwijnen	zwijn:n
zwijntje	zwijn:n
aardes	aarde:n
aardetje	aarde:n
aarde	aarden:v
nagels	nagel:n
nageltje	nagel:n
rende	rennen:v
renden	rennen:v
rennend	rennen:v
gerend	rennen:v|geren:v
Kroatische	Kroatisch:a
groener	groen:a
groenst	groen:a
groene	groen:a
groenere	groen:a
groenste	groen:a
dieren	dier:n
diertje	dier:n
dier	duur:a
sinaasappelen	sinaasappel:n
sinaasappels	sinaasappel:n
sinaasappeltje	sinaasappel:n
nappen	nap:n
napje	nap:n
integers	integer:a
inversen	inverse:n
inverse	invers:a
MRI's	MRI:n
pest	pesten:v
pesticides	pesticide:n
pesticiden	pesticide:n
eggen	eg:n|egge:n
egje	eg:n
dossen	dos:n
dosje	dos:n
coma's	coma:n
comaatje	coma:n
essays	essay:n
essaytje	essay:n
stare	staren:v
singles	single:n
singletje	single:n|singlet:n
lone	lonen:v
sleet	slijten:v|sleeën:v
panna's	panna:n
pannaatje	panna:n
T-shirts	T-shirt:n
T-shirtje	T-shirt:n
schade	schaduw:n|schaden:v
arcaden	arcade:n
arcades	arcade:n
arcadetje	arcade:n
parameters	parameter:n
parametertje	parameter:n
tier	tieren:v
toasts	toast:n
toastje	toast:n
bottoms	bottom:n
bottommetje	bottom:n
alcoholen	alcohol:n
tattoos	tattoo:n
tattootje	tattoo:n
hectaren	hectare:n
hectares	hectare:n
hectaretje	hectare:n
liters	liter:n
litertje	liter:n
hobo's	hobo:n
hobootje	hobo:n
componenten	component:n
componentje	component:n
defecter	defect:a
defectst	defect:a
defecte	defect:a
defectere	defect:a
defectste	defect:a
defecten	defect:n
defectje	defect:n
crêpes	crêpe:n
pappen	pap:n
papje	pap:n
paps	pap:n
pap	pappen:v
racisten	racist:n
racistje	racist:n
stages	stage:n
stagetje	stage:n
proppen	prop:n
propje	prop:n
prop	proppen:v
coaches	coach:n
coachen	coach:n
coachje	coach:n
trainers	trainer:n
trainertje	trainer:n
shovels	shovel:n
shoveltje	shovel:n
cowboys	cowboy:n
cowboytje	cowboy:n
whisky's	whisky:n
whisky'tje	whisky:n
whiskeys	whiskey:n
whiskeytje	whiskey:n
parsecs	parsec:n
objecten	object:n
objectje	object:n
bistro's	bistro:n
bistrootje	bistro:n
bruschetta's	bruschetta:n
hoedde	hoeden:v
hoedt	hoeden:v
hoedden	hoeden:v
hoedend	hoeden:v
gehoed	hoeden:v
malts	malt:n
maltje	malt:n
leken	leek:n|lijken:v
leekje	leek:n
leker	leek:a
leekst	leek:a
leke	leek:a|lijken:v
lekere	leek:a
leekste	leek:a
leek	lijken:v
beagles	beagle:n
beagletje	beagle:n
pesters	pester:n
pestertje	pester:n
chateaus	chateau:n
chateaux	chateau:n
chateautje	chateau:n
email	e-mail:n
print	printen:v
odo's	odo:n
toga's	toga:n
togaatje	toga:n
deva's	deva:n
devas	deva:n
snobs	snob:n
snobje	snob:n
luk	lukken:v
bolussen	bolus:n
bolusje	bolus:n
kale	kaal:a
marimba's	marimba:n
marimbaatje	marimba:n
tornado's	tornado:n
tornadootje	tornado:n
gamers	gamer:n
lovers	lover:n
lovertje	lover:n
wonderen	wonder:n
wondertje	wonder:n
pasta's	pasta:n
pastaatje	pasta:n
starters	starter:n
startertje	starter:n
pelle	pellen:v
beef	beven:v
tsunami's	tsunami:n
tsunamietje	tsunami:n
pro's	pro:n
termen	term:n
termpje	term:n
umlauten	umlaut:n
bemoeiallen	bemoeial:n
bemoeials	bemoeial:n
bemoeialletje	bemoeial:n
tongen	tong:n
tongetje	tong:n
rokken	rok:n|rokkenen:v
rokje	rok:n
rok	rokken:n
sterns	stern:n
sternen	stern:n
sterntje	stern:n
taste	tasten:v
ufo's	ufo:n
ufootje	ufo:n
lo's	lo:n
smarten	smart:n
hangsloten	hangslot:n
hangslotje	hangslot:n
psyches	psyche:n
bonussen	bonus:n
boni	bonus:n
bonusje	bonus:n
filters	filter:n
filtertje	filter:n
filter	filteren:v
actrices	actrice:n
actricetje	actrice:n
vicissitudes	vicissitude:n
vicissitudetje	vicissitude:n
adagios	adagio:n
adagiootje	adagio:n
subs	sub:n
tenoren	tenor:n
tenors	tenor:n
alto's	alto:n
likes	like:n
likeje	like:n
like	liken:v
fixes	fix:n
fix	fixen:v
palindromen	palindroom:n
palindroompje	palindroom:n
senioren	senior:n
seniors	senior:n
senioortje	senior:n
junioren	junior:n
juniors	junior:n
junioortje	junior:n
pogroms	pogrom:n
pogrompje	pogrom:n
eufemismen	eufemisme:n
eufemismetje	eufemisme:n
sexyer	sexy:a
sexyst	sexy:a
sexyere	sexy:a
sexyste	sexy:a
agio's	agio:n
agio'tje	agio:n
agitators	agitator:n
agere	ageren:v
duplexen	duplex:n
vale	vaal:a
dale	dalen:v
holen	hol:n
holletje	hol:n
holler	hol:a
holst	hol:a
holle	hol:a|hollen:v
hollere	hol:a
holste	hol:a
hollen	hol:n
hol	hollen:v
kitje	kit:n
kits	kit:n
barfje	barf:n
barfie	barf:n
ging	gaan:v
gingen	gaan:v
gaand	gaan:v
gegaan	gaan:v
cataracten	cataract:n
cataractje	cataract:n
gongs	gong:n
gongetje	gong:n
courgettes	courgette:n
placentae	placenta:n
placenta's	placenta:n
madammen	madam:n
madams	madam:n
madammeke	madam:n
madammeken	madam:n
madammetje	madam:n
meds	med:n
duetten	duet:n
duetje	duet:n
regere	regeren:v
Spaansen	Spaanse:n
zwaarden	zwaard:n
zwaardje	zwaard:n
kamers	kamer:n
kamertje	kamer:n
albatrossen	albatros:n
albatrosje	albatros:n
albino's	albino:n
albino'tje	albino:n
albums	album:n
albumpje	album:n
studenten	student:n
studentje	student:n
blaze	blazen:v
chant	chanten:v
monsters	monster:n
monstertje	monster:n
monster	monsteren:v
reed	rijden:v|reden:v
sabels	sabel:n
sabeltje	sabel:n
golems	golem:n
golempje	golem:n
bane	banen:v
engelen	engel:n
engeltje	engel:n
geat	atten:v
porren	por:n
porretje	por:n
por	porren:v
para's	para:n
paraer	para:a
para'st	para:a
bene	benen:v
zeeën	zee:n
zeetje	zee:n
ego's	ego:n
egootje	ego:n
elixir	elixer:n
amuletten	amulet:n
amuletje	amulet:n
webben	web:n
webje	web:n
webbetje	web:n
zuigelingen	zuigeling:n
zuigelingetje	zuigeling:n
hermitages	hermitage:n
protesten	protest:n
protestje	protest:n
zap	zappen:v
waden	wade:n
waadje	wade:n
wade	waden:v
royals	royal:n
badges	badge:n
verve	verven:v
franker	frank:a
frankst	frank:a
franke	frank:a
frankere	frank:a
frankste	frank:a
boog	bogen:v|buigen:v
boogde	bogen:v
boogt	bogen:v|buigen:v
boogden	bogen:v
bogend	bogen:v
geboogd	bogen:v
bogen	boog:n|buigen:v
regenbogen	regenboog:n
regens	regen:n
regentje	regen:n|regent:n
regen	regenen:v|rijgen:v
sherry's	sherry:n
sherry'tje	sherry:n
genten	gent:n
gentje	gent:n
boeven	boef:n
boefje	boef:n
blend	blenden:v
labs	lab:n
labje	lab:n
sampi's	sampi:n
sampi'tje	sampi:n
faxen	fax:n
faxje	fax:n
fax	faxen:v
virussen	virus:n
virusje	virus:n
Armeenser	Armeens:a
Armeenst	Armeens:a
Armeense	Armeens:a
Armeensere	Armeens:a
Armeenste	Armeens:a
metro's	metro:n
metrootje	metro:n
tours	tour:n
tourtje	tour:n
tour	touren:v
limousines	limousine:n
abo's	abo:n
abten	abt:n
abtje	abt:n
academies	academie:n
moten	moot:n
mootje	moot:n
branden	brand:n
brandje	brand:n
brand	branden:v
lessen	les:n
lesje	les:n
les	lessen:v
koppa's	koppa:n
koppaatje	koppa:n
triaden	trias:n
triasje	trias:n
keepers	keeper:n
keepertje	keeper:n
klonken	klinken:v
aten	eten:v
etend	eten:v
gegeten	eten:v
etentje	eten:n
gates	gate:n
gatetje	gate:n
breves	breve:n
brevetje	breve:n
kea's	kea:n
keaatje	kea:n
falafels	falafel:n
falafeltje	falafel:n
spadassin	spadassijn:n
tribades	tribade:n
hate	haten:v
fragmenten	fragment:n
fragmentje	fragment:n
pardons	pardon:n
cults	cult:n
cultje	cult:n
clochards	clochard:n
clochardje	clochard:n
dreadlocks	dreadlock:n
vaster	vast:a
vastst	vast:a
vaste	vast:a|vasten:v
vastere	vast:a
vastste	vast:a
vast	vasten:v
manoeuvres	manoeuvre:n
manoeuvretje	manoeuvre:n
Maleiser	Maleis:a
Maleist	Maleis:a
Maleise	Maleis:a
Maleisere	Maleis:a
Maleiste	Maleis:a
diners	diner:n
dinertje	diner:n
serres	serre:n
serretje	serre:n
premières	première:n
premièretje	première:n
kumquats	kumquat:n
kumquatje	kumquat:n
wichtiger	wichtig:a
wichtigst	wichtig:a
coups	coup:n
coupje	coup:n
clous	clou:n
hooligans	hooligan:n
hooligannetje	hooligan:n
incidenten	incident:n
Hannah	Hanna:m
crue	cru:a
justje	jus:n
plu's	plu:n
pluutje	plu:n
bachelors	bachelor:n
tumoren	tumor:n
tumors	tumor:n
tumortje	tumor:n
kotten	kot:n
koten	kot:n|koot:n
kotje	kot:n
kotteke	kot:n
lissen	lis:n
lisje	lis:n
lis	lus:n
clans	clan:n
clannetje	clan:n
triskelions	triskelion:n
triskelionnetje	triskelion:n
monitors	monitor:n
monitoren	monitor:n
monitortje	monitor:n
cabrioletten	cabriolet:n
cabriolets	cabriolet:n
cabrioletje	cabriolet:n
tachyonen	tachyon:n
Jappen	Jap:n
nip	nippen:v
nerve	nerf:n
immense	immens:a
past	passen:v
presenter	present:a
presentst	present:a
presente	present:a
presentere	present:a|presenteren:v
presentste	present:a
presenten	present:n
presentje	present:n
schwule	schwul:a
dope	dopen:v
transen	trans:n
chirurgus	chirurg:n
vagina's	vagina:n
vaginaatje	vagina:n
trapeziums	trapezium:n
trapezia	trapezium:n
trapeziumpje	trapezium:n
occasions	occasion:n
occasionnetje	occasion:n
odes	ode:n
oden	ode:n
omeletten	omelet:n
omeletje	omelet:n
onagers	onager:n
pacten	pact:n
pactje	pact:n
paden	pad:n
paadje	pad:n
padden	pad:n
padje	pad:n
pages	page:n
pagetje	page:n
parken	park:n
parkje	park:n
architecten	architect:n
architectje	architect:n
professoren	professor:n
professors	professor:n
professortje	professor:n
performances	performance:n
perverse	pervers:a
phase	fase:n
pirouettes	pirouette:n
pirouetten	pirouette:n
taxi's	taxi:n
taxietje	taxi:n
quagga's	quagga:n
quaggaatje	quagga:n
quota	quotum:n
quotumpje	quotum:n
quota's	quota:n
messen	mes:n
mesje	mes:n
wagen	waag:n
waagje	waag:n
waag	wagen:v
maestro's	maestro:n
bleuer	bleu:a
bleust	bleu:a
bleuere	bleu:a
bleuste	bleu:a
libellen	libel:n
libelletje	libel:n
belligerenter	belligerent:a
belligerentst	belligerent:a
belligerente	belligerent:a
belligerentere	belligerent:a
belligerentste	belligerent:a
belligerenten	belligerent:n
formules	formule:n
formuletje	formule:n
paste	pasta:n|passen:v
ma's	ma:n
maatje	ma:n|maat:n
clowns	clown:n
clowntje	clown:n
ayatollahs	ayatollah:n
ayatollaatje	ayatollah:n
parten	part:n
partje	part:n
azalea's	azalea:n
azaleaatje	azalea:n
axolotls	axolotl:n
axolotltje	axolotl:n
trema's	trema:n
tremaatje	trema:n
lurk	lurken:v
avifauna's	avifauna:n
golven	golf:n
golfje	golf:n
golf	golven:v|golfen:v
bokte	bokken:v
bokt	bokken:v
bokten	bokken:v
bokkend	bokken:v
gebokt	bokken:v
mag	mogen:v
gepen	geep:n
geepje	geep:n
makers	maker:n
makertje	maker:n
Italie	Italië:m
dossiers	dossier:n
dossiertje	dossier:n
sauna's	sauna:n
saunaatje	sauna:n
vallen	val:n
valletje	val:n
vals	val:n
val	vallen:v
insekt	insect:n
tra's	tra:n
traatje	tra:n
chauffeurs	chauffeur:n
chauffeurtje	chauffeur:n
sups	sup:n
supje	sup:n
frigo's	frigo:n
frigootje	frigo:n
oxiden	oxide:n
oxides	oxide:n
d'	de:p
pallen	pal:n
palletje	pal:n|pallet:n
columns	column:n
matten	mat:n
matje	mat:n
matter	mat:a
matst	mat:a|matsen:v
matte	mat:a|matten:v
mattere	mat:a
matste	mat:a|matsen:v
mat	matten:v|meten:v
nesten	nest:n
nestje	nest:n
joysticks	joystick:n
joystickje	joystick:n
silo's	silo:n
silootje	silo:n
enigma's	enigma:n
enigmata	enigma:n
enigmaatje	enigma:n
eigenvectoren	eigenvector:n
mieren	mier:n
miertje	mier:n
resten	rest:n
restje	rest:n
platter	plat:a
platst	plat:a
platte	plat:a
plattere	plat:a
platste	plat:a
platten	plat:n
platje	plat:n
Braille	braille:n
bladders	bladder:n
bladdertje	bladder:n
bakers	baker:n
bakertje	baker:n
baker	bakeren:v
visums	visum:n
visumpje	visum:n
discriminanten	discriminant:n
discriminantje	discriminant:n
brada's	brada:n
reizen	reis:n
reisje	reis:n
reis	reizen:v
autobussen	autobus:n
autobusje	autobus:n
serene	sereen:a
dessen	des:n
desje	des:n
des	de:t
exploiten	exploit:n
exploitje	exploit:n
exploits	exploit:n
klipspringers	klipspringer:n
klipspringertje	klipspringer:n
springbokken	springbok:n
springbokje	springbok:n
dotten	dot:n
dotje	dot:n
diameters	diameter:n
diametertje	diameter:n
pais	peis:n
bulldog	buldog:n
raren	rare:n
rare	raar:a
kopje	kop:n
kopjes	kopje:n
databases	database:n
databaseje	database:n
fezzen	fez:n
fezje	fez:n
cappuccino's	cappuccino:n
cappuccinootje	cappuccino:n
gallons	gallon:n
geelwortels	geelwortel:n
geelworteltje	geelwortel:n
senatoren	senator:n
senators	senator:n
senatortje	senator:n
stake	steken:v|staken:v
testamenten	testament:n
testamentje	testament:n
waterproofs	waterproof:n
chinchilla's	chinchilla:n
chinchillaatje	chinchilla:n
grave	graven:v
kraak	kraken:v
kraakte	kraken:v
kraakt	kraken:v
kraakten	kraken:v
krakend	kraken:v
gekraakt	kraken:v
kraken	kraak:n
kelen	keel:n
keeltje	keel:n
cheats	cheat:n
buldoggen	buldog:n
buldogs	buldog:n
buldogje	buldog:n
babbel	babbelen:v
babbelde	babbelen:v
babbelt	babbelen:v
babbelden	babbelen:v
babbelend	babbelen:v
gebabbeld	babbelen:v
biltongen	biltong:n
biltongetje	biltong:n
disco's	disco:n
discootje	disco:n
seders	seder:n
sedariem	seder:n
skinken	skink:n
skinkje	skink:n
protocols	protocol:n
protocollen	protocol:n
protocolletje	protocol:n
twistje	twist:n
gibbons	gibbon:n
frames	frame:n
framepje	frame:n
frame	framen:v
frequenter	frequent:a
frequentst	frequent:a
frequente	frequent:a
frequentere	frequent:a
frequentste	frequent:a
moderner	modern:a
modernst	modern:a
moderne	modern:a
modernere	modern:a
modernste	modern:a
grippen	grip:n
gripje	grip:n
judoka's	judoka:n
judokaatje	judoka:n
zombies	zombie:n
zombietje	zombie:n
hope	hopen:v
brownies	brownie:n
snorkels	snorkel:n
snorkeltje	snorkel:n
tammer	tam:a
tamst	tam:a
tamme	tam:a
tammere	tam:a
tamste	tam:a
jaks	jak:n
jakje	jak:n
jakken	jak:n
yells	yell:n
januari's	januari:n
oktobers	oktober:n
oktobertje	oktober:n
oligarchieën	oligarchie:n
oligarchietje	oligarchie:n
milieus	milieu:n
milieutje	milieu:n
ranker	rank:a
rankst	rank:a
ranke	rank:a
rankere	rank:a
rankste	rank:a
ranken	rank:n
rankje	rank:n
pockets	pocket:n
schaduwen	schaduw:n
schaduwtje	schaduw:n
schaduw	schaduwen:v
contacten	contact:n
contactje	contact:n
surprises	surprise:n
surprisetje	surprise:n
store	storen:v
mr.	meester:n
dr.	doctor:n
tags	tag:n
tagje	tag:n
intellecten	intellect:n
danse	dansen:v
slope	sluipen:v|slopen:v
campers	camper:n
campertje	camper:n
bloggers	blogger:n
lieren	lier:n
liertje	lier:n
flop	floppydisk:n|floppen:v
floppen	flop:n
flops	flop:n
flopje	flop:n
diskettes	diskette:n
diskettetje	diskette:n
zeefje	zeef:n
sloten	slot:n|sluiten:v|sloot:n
slotje	slot:n
boxers	boxer:n
boxertje	boxer:n
boxer	boxershort:n|bokser:n
lipsticks	lipstick:n
lipstickje	lipstick:n
hiper	hip:a
hipst	hip:a
dozen	doos:n
embryo's	embryo:n
embryootje	embryo:n
kuiten	kuit:n
kuitje	kuit:n
fresco's	fresco:n
frescootje	fresco:n
pereke	pere:n
gisten	gist:n|gissen:v
gist	gisten:v|gissen:v|gis:a
bruise	bruisen:v
plots	plot:n
plotje	plot:n
plot	plotten:v
pentagrammen	pentagram:n
pentagrammetje	pentagram:n
soaps	soap:n
soapje	soap:n
milder	mild:a
mildst	mild:a
milde	mild:a
mildere	mild:a
mildste	mild:a
softer	soft:a
softst	soft:a
softe	soft:a
softere	soft:a
softste	soft:a
terroristen	terrorist:n
terroristje	terrorist:n
stamp	stampen:v
stations	station:n
stationnetje	station:n
pote	poten:v
mascara's	mascara:n
mascaraatje	mascara:n
v.	vrouwelijk:a|van:p
barrels	barrel:n
barreltje	barrel:n
mongs	mong:n
moa's	moa:n
cultivars	cultivar:n
laad	laden:v
laadde	laden:v
laadt	laden:v
laadden	laden:v
ladend	laden:v
geladen	laden:v
gelaad	laden:v
deed	doen:v
charges	charge:n
editors	editor:n
editortje	editor:n
colliers	collier:n
colliertje	collier:n
significanter	significant:a
significantst	significant:a
significante	significant:a
significantere	significant:a
significantste	significant:a
boilers	boiler:n
boilertje	boiler:n
foyers	foyer:n
foyertje	foyer:n
stranden	strand:n
strandje	strand:n
strand	stranden:v
records	record:n
recordje	record:n
cols	col:n
colletje	col:n
collen	col:n
ciders	cider:n
cidertje	cider:n
havertje	haver:n
vesten	vest:n
vestje	vest:n
vetter	vet:a
vetst	vet:a
vette	vet:a
vettere	vet:a
vetste	vet:a
vetten	vet:n
thesen	these:n
rapper	rap:a
rapst	rap:a
rappe	rap:a
rappere	rap:a
rapste	rap:a
joints	joint:n
jointje	joint:n
eken	eek:n
eekje	eek:n
bevers	bever:n
bevertje	bever:n
saletten	salet:n
saletje	salet:n
late	laat:a|laten:v
later	laat:a
latere	later:a|laat:a
kamikazes	kamikaze:n
wiggen	wig:n
wiggetje	wig:n
rumba's	rumba:n
rumbaatje	rumba:n
targets	target:n
glottissen	glottis:n
wezen	wees:n|wijzen:v|zijn:v
weesje	wees:n
underdogs	underdog:n
underdogje	underdog:n
barden	bard:n
hackers	hacker:n
leien	lei:n
leitje	lei:n
lei	leggen:v
levels	level:n
leveltje	level:n
misten	mist:n|missen:v
mistje	mist:n
mist	missen:v|misten:v
transfers	transfer:n
transfertje	transfer:n
erin	in:d
palavers	palaver:n
palavertje	palaver:n
hadji's	hadji:n
quarks	quark:n
mixen	mix:n
mixje	mix:n
mix	mixen:v
studio's	studio:n
studiootje	studio:n
studente	student:n
caste	casten:v
loten	loot:n|lot:n
lootje	loot:n|lot:n
loot	loten:v
ionen	ion:n
stereo's	stereo:n
stereootje	stereo:n
bacula	baculum:n
stress	stressen:v
pylonnen	pylon:n
pylonen	pylon:n
pylonnetje	pylon:n
manja's	manja:n
dingo's	dingo:n
modellen	model:n
modelletje	model:n
guys	guy:n
guytje	guy:n
musket	mosket:n
musketten	musket:n
musketje	musket:n
primers	primer:n
primer	primeren:v
resorts	resort:n
redundanter	redundant:a
redundantst	redundant:a
redundante	redundant:a
redundantere	redundant:a
redundantste	redundant:a
's	eens:d
bounty's	bounty:n
bounty'tje	bounty:n
binten	bint:n
arken	ark:n
arkje	ark:n
yens	yen:n
stoneder	stoned:a
stonedst	stoned:a
stonede	stoned:a
stonedere	stoned:a
stonedste	stoned:a
blackout	black-out:n
recalcitranter	recalcitrant:a
recalcitrantst	recalcitrant:a
recalcitrante	recalcitrant:a
recalcitrantere	recalcitrant:a
recalcitrantste	recalcitrant:a
clients	client:n
bouquets	bouquet:n
bouquetje	bouquet:n
serven	serf:n
serfje	serf:n
Afrikaners	Afrikaner:n
lag	liggen:v
beryl	beril:n
claim	claimen:v
asters	aster:n
astertje	aster:n
mamba's	mamba:n
perken	perk:n
perkje	perk:n
contracten	contract:n
contractje	contract:n
exporten	export:n
conflicten	conflict:n
conflictje	conflict:n
stemmingen	stemming:n
stemminkje	stemming:n
wilder	wild:a
wildst	wild:a
wildere	wild:a
wildste	wild:a
masters	master:n
helpers	helper:n
helpertje	helper:n
excellenter	excellent:a
excellentst	excellent:a
excellente	excellent:a
excellentere	excellent:a
excellentste	excellent:a
rages	rage:n
opera's	opera:n
operaatje	opera:n
teams	team:n
teampje	team:n
yurts	yurt:n
baryonen	baryon:n
sporten	sport:n
sportje	sport:n
sport	sporten:v
shagje	shag:n
sjekkie	shag:n
pluggen	plug:n
plugje	plug:n
genres	genre:n
eleganter	elegant:a
elegantst	elegant:a
elegante	elegant:a
elegantere	elegant:a
elegantste	elegant:a
codicillen	codicil:n
codicils	codicil:n
codicilletje	codicil:n
wheelies	wheelie:n
ouzo's	ouzo:n
ouzootje	ouzo:n
veracht	verachten:v
verachtte	verachten:v
verachtten	verachten:v
verachtend	verachten:v
verafschuw	verafschuwen:v
verafschuwde	verafschuwen:v
verafschuwt	verafschuwen:v
verafschuwden	verafschuwen:v
verafschuwend	verafschuwen:v
verafschuwd	verafschuwen:v
kakke	kakken:v
dapperder	dapper:a
dapperst	dapper:a
dappere	dapper:a
dapperdere	dapper:a
dapperste	dapper:a
doet	doen:v|dood:n
deden	doen:v
doend	doen:v
gedaan	doen:v
doen	toen:d|toen:c
anagrammen	anagram:n
anagrammetje	anagram:n
imams	imam:n
imampje	imam:n
Ecuadoranen	Ecuadoraan:n
Ecuadoraantje	Ecuadoraan:n
'm	hem:r
kloven	kloof:n|klieven:v|kluiven:v
kloofje	kloof:n
kloof	kloven:v|klieven:v|kluiven:v
halzen	hals:n
halsje	hals:n
dirken	dirk:n
dirkje	dirk:n
krissen	kris:n
cocktails	cocktail:n
cocktailtje	cocktail:n
saxen	sax:n
saxje	sax:n
poken	pook:n
pookje	pook:n
blinder	blind:a
blindst	blind:a
blinde	blind:a
blindere	blind:a
blindste	blind:a
blinden	blind:n|blinde:n
blindje	blind:n
aspecten	aspect:n
aspectje	aspect:n
redde	redden:v
redt	redden:v
reddend	redden:v
gered	redden:v
salvo's	salvo:n
salvootje	salvo:n
dancings	dancing:n
hosties	hostie:n
hostietje	hostie:n
autodidacten	autodidact:n
mors	morsen:v
emo's	emo:n
rugby	rugbyen:v
corgi's	corgi:n
parvenu's	parvenu:n
parvenuutje	parvenu:n
alfabetten	alfabet:n
alfabets	alfabet:n
alfabetje	alfabet:n
impertinenter	impertinent:a
impertinentst	impertinent:a
impertinente	impertinent:a
impertinentere	impertinent:a
impertinentste	impertinent:a
adobes	adobe:n
adobetje	adobe:n
alpen	alp:n
alpje	alp:n
clique	kliek:n
cliques	clique:n
angsten	angst:n
angstje	angst:n
anoden	anode:n
anodes	anode:n
anodetje	anode:n
aorta's	aorta:n
atria	atrium:n
atriumpje	atrium:n
bade	bidden:v|baden:v
balken	balk:n
balkje	balk:n
balk	balken:v
baste	bassen:v
bate	baten:v|baat:n
bibbers	bibber:n
bibbertje	bibber:n
bibber	bibberen:v
boa's	boa:n
boaatje	boa:n
boden	bode:n|bod:n|bieden:v
bodes	bode:n
bodetje	bode:n
bode	bieden:v
caches	cache:n
cache	cachen:v
cervixen	cervix:n
cervices	cervix:n
cervixje	cervix:n
chiquer	chic:a
chicst	chic:a
chique	chic:a
chiquere	chic:a
chicste	chic:a
coca's	coca:n
corona's	corona:n
hadronen	hadron:n
chitons	chiton:n
chitonen	chiton:n
cruces	crux:n
cruxen	crux:n
dammers	dammer:n
dammertje	dammer:n
dammer	damar:n
delft	delven:v
delvers	delver:n
dioden	diode:n
diodes	diode:n
diodetje	diode:n
doggers	dogger:n
dole	dolen:v
dorder	dor:a
dorst	dor:a|dorsen:v|dorsten:v
dorre	dor:a
dordere	dor:a
dorste	dor:a|dorsen:v|dorsten:v
dram	drammen:v
duffels	duffel:n
duffeltje	duffel:n
dunner	dun:a
dunst	dun:a
dunne	dun:a|dunnen:v
dunnere	dun:a
dunste	dun:a
dun	dunnen:v
dynamo's	dynamo:n
dynamootje	dynamo:n
eiders	eider:n
eidertje	eider:n
elanden	eland:n
elandje	eland:n
elfinnen	elfin:n
elfinnetje	elfin:n
emmers	emmer:n
emmertje	emmer:n
emmer	emmeren:v
epoxy's	epoxy:n
ere	eer:n|eren:v
erger	erg:a|ergeren:v
ergst	erg:a
erge	erg:a
ergere	erg:a|ergeren:v
ergste	erg:a
filets	filet:n
fjorden	fjord:n
fjordje	fjord:n
gages	gage:n
gala's	gala:n
galaatje	gala:n
gangers	ganger:n
gape	gapen:v
gapers	gaper:n
gapertje	gaper:n
gilt	gillen:v
glom	glimmen:v
grouten	grout:n
groutje	grout:n
hapje	hap:n
holmen	holm:n
holmpje	holm:n
holt	hollen:v
hubs	hub:n
hubje	hub:n
hunker	hunkeren:v
ibissen	ibis:n
ibisje	ibis:n
irissen	iris:n
irisje	iris:n
kernen	kern:n
kerntje	kern:n
khans	khan:n
kola's	kola:n
laster	lasteren:v
lavabo's	lavabo:n
lavabootje	lavabo:n
lemma's	lemma:n
lemmata	lemma:n
lemmaatje	lemma:n
loges	loge:n
logetje	loge:n
loge	liegen:v|logen:v
lolly's	lolly:n
lolly'tje	lolly:n
lope	lopen:v
luxes	luxe:n
luxetje	luxe:n
luxer	luxe:a
luxest	luxe:a
luxere	luxe:a|luxeren:v
luxeste	luxe:a
macho's	macho:n|macho:a
meed	mijden:v
mesonen	meson:n
mete	meten:v
mica's	mica:n
milten	milt:n
miltje	milt:n
mort	morren:v
motetten	motet:n
muonen	muon:n
neuronen	neuron:n
neurons	neuron:n
ocelotten	ocelot:n
ocelotje	ocelot:n
octanten	octant:n
octantje	octant:n
oft	ofte:c
paliers	palier:n
paliertje	palier:n
palierke	palier:n
passen	pas:n
pasje	pas:n
pas	passen:v
pionnen	pion:n
pionnetje	pion:n
pionen	pion:n
platen	plaat:n
pleura's	pleura:n
pleuraatje	pleura:n
polletje	pol:n
pollers	poller:n
pollertje	poller:n
pomp	pompstation:n|pompen:v
pompen	pomp:n
pompje	pomp:n
rabatten	rabat:n
rabatje	rabat:n
rasters	raster:n
rastertje	raster:n
rep	reppen:v
rotoren	rotor:n
rotors	rotor:n
rotortje	rotor:n
runen	rune:n
runetje	rune:n
sabra's	sabra:n
sabraatje	sabra:n
sachems	sachem:n
sadisten	sadist:n
sadistje	sadist:n
sagen	sage:n
schema's	schema:n
schemata	schema:n
schemaatje	schema:n
schisten	schist:n
sepoys	sepoy:n
sepoytje	sepoy:n
sera	serum:n
serums	serum:n
silten	silt:n
sloven	sloof:n
soma's	soma:n
somaatje	soma:n
sop	soep:n
soppen	sop:n
sopje	sop:n
sparren	spar:n
sparretje	spar:n
spar	sparren:v
stroppen	strop:n
stropje	strop:n
tapirs	tapir:n
tapirtje	tapir:n
tassen	tas:n
tasje	tas:n
teem	temen:v
telexen	telex:n
telexje	telex:n
tensoren	tensor:n
tog	toch:d
trioden	triode:n
triodes	triode:n
triodetje	triode:n
vissen	vis:n|visse:n
visje	vis:n
vis	vissen:v
wadi's	wadi:n
yucca's	yucca:n
struggles	struggle:n
struggletje	struggle:n
arresten	arrest:n
arrestje	arrest:n
tropen	troop:n
troopje	troop:n
arbiters	arbiter:n
arbitertje	arbiter:n
bale	balen:v
banners	banner:n
bannertje	banner:n
bicepsen	biceps:n
bicepsje	biceps:n
brinken	brink:n
brinkje	brink:n
brute	bruut:a
capes	cape:n
capeje	cape:n
chefs	chef:n
chefje	chef:n
concerten	concert:n
concertje	concert:n
debacles	debacle:n
debacletje	debacle:n
diverse	divers:a
documenten	document:n
documentje	document:n
dominanter	dominant:a
dominantst	dominant:a
dominante	dominant:a
dominantere	dominant:a
dominantste	dominant:a
douceurs	douceur:n
douceurtje	douceur:n
douches	douche:n
doucheje	douche:n
douche	douchen:v
drabje	drab:n
driften	drift:n
elites	elite:n
embargo's	embargo:n
embargootje	embargo:n
eminenter	eminent:a
eminentst	eminent:a
eminente	eminent:a
eminentere	eminent:a
eminentste	eminent:a
equators	equator:n
exacter	exact:a
exactst	exact:a
exacte	exact:a
exactere	exact:a
exactste	exact:a
extra's	extra:n
extraatje	extra:n
extracten	extract:n
fanfaren	fanfare:n
fanfares	fanfare:n
fauna's	fauna:n
flappen	flap:n
flapje	flap:n
flirt	flirten:v
foundations	foundation:n
freaks	freak:n
freakje	freak:n
fretten	fret:n
fretje	fret:n
frets	fret:n
gangen	gang:n
gangetje	gang:n
gap	gappen:v
gappen	gap:n
gapje	gap:n
gelden	geld:n
gelde	geld:a|gelden:v
geld	gelden:v
glansje	glans:n
glans	glanzen:v
corpulenter	corpulent:a
corpulentst	corpulent:a
corpulente	corpulent:a
corpulentere	corpulent:a
corpulentste	corpulent:a
glaze	glazen:v
graze	grazen:v
grieven	grief:n
griefje	grief:n
hake	haken:v
hale	halen:v
harmonica's	harmonica:n
haters	hater:n
hinder	hinderen:v
horden	horde:n|horren:v
hordes	horde:n
hordetje	horde:n
indenten	indent:n
indentje	indent:n
indiscreter	indiscreet:a
indiscreetst	indiscreet:a
indiscrete	indiscreet:a
indiscretere	indiscreet:a
indiscreetste	indiscreet:a
intacte	intact:a
intense	intens:a
ladders	ladder:n
laddertje	ladder:n
lappen	lap:n
lapje	lap:n
lap	lappen:v
leases	lease:n
leaseje	lease:n
lease	leasen:v
lest	laatst:a|laatst:d|lessen:v
liege	liegen:v
lomer	loom:a
loomst	loom:a
lome	loom:a
lomere	loom:a
loomste	loom:a
lotje	lot:n
mangonellen	mangonel:n
marges	marge:n
margetje	marge:n
meanders	meander:n
meandertje	meander:n
migranten	migrant:n
migrantje	migrant:n
mindfuller	mindful:a
mindfulst	mindful:a
mindfulle	mindful:a
mindfullere	mindful:a
mindfulste	mindful:a
munificenter	munificent:a
munificentst	munificent:a
munificente	munificent:a
munificentere	munificent:a
munificentste	munificent:a
tricepsen	triceps:n
node	nood:n
pelt	pellen:v
planners	planner:n
prate	praten:v
prises	prise:n
prisen	prise:n
prieske	prise:n
psalmen	psalm:n
psalmpje	psalm:n
pugilisten	pugilist:n
punks	punk:n
raggen	rag:n
ragje	rag:n
rags	rag:n
rappers	rapper:n
rappertje	rapper:n
raves	rave:n
raveje	rave:n
raze	razen:v
reeën	ree:n
reetje	ree:n|reet:n
ree	rede:n
reven	reef:n|rif:n|rijven:v
reefje	reef:n
repertoires	repertoire:n
repertoiretje	repertoire:n
reserves	reserve:n
reservetje	reserve:n
routes	route:n
routen	route:n
routetje	route:n
scans	scan:n
scan	scannen:v
scouts	scout:n
servers	server:n
servertje	server:n
sites	site:n
siteje	site:n
skates	skate:n
skateje	skate:n
skate	skaten:v
slagen	slag:n
slagje	slag:n
slapper	slap:a
slapst	slap:a
slappe	slap:a
slappere	slap:a
slapste	slap:a
snap	snappen:v
sneak	sneaken:v
spannen	span:n|spanne:n
spannetje	span:n|spanne:n
span	spannen:v
spares	spare:n
spare	sparen:v
spurts	spurt:n
spurtje	spurt:n
stadiums	stadium:n
stadia	stadium:n
stadiumpje	stadium:n
stangen	stang:n
stangetje	stang:n
steaks	steak:n
steakje	steak:n
stouter	stout:a
stoutst	stout:a
stoute	stout:a
stoutere	stout:a
stoutste	stout:a
soberder	sober:a
soberst	sober:a
sobere	sober:a
soberdere	sober:a
soberste	sober:a
suites	suite:n
surplussen	surplus:n
surplusje	surplus:n
extravaganter	extravagant:a
extravagantst	extravagant:a
extravagante	extravagant:a
extravagantere	extravagant:a
extravagantste	extravagant:a
exorbitanter	exorbitant:a
exorbitantst	exorbitant:a
exorbitante	exorbitant:a
exorbitantere	exorbitant:a
exorbitantste	exorbitant:a
synecdoches	synecdoche:n
synecdochetje	synecdoche:n
tangen	tang:n
tangetje	tang:n
tart	tarten:v
teaks	teak:n
tenten	tent:n
tentje	tent:n
tinten	tint:n
tintje	tint:n
tint	tinten:v
trappers	trapper:n
trappertje	trapper:n
trends	trend:n
trendje	trend:n
vedettes	vedette:n
vedetten	vedette:n
vedettetje	vedette:n
veil	veilen:v
veiler	veil:a
veilst	veil:a
veile	veil:a|veilen:v
veilere	veil:a
veilste	veil:a
vestige	vestigen:v
wane	wanen:v
nope	nopen:v
edicten	edict:n
edictje	edict:n
hexameters	hexameter:n
poets	poetsen:v
centime	centiem:n
cissen	cis:n
cisje	cis:n
tutten	tut:n
tutje	tut:n
vertaalwoordenboeken	vertaalwoordenboek:n
vertaalwoordenboekje	vertaalwoordenboek:n
stallingen	stalling:n
stallinkje	stalling:n
smoothies	smoothie:n
heterodoxe	heterodox:a
babi's	babi:n
trips	trip:n
tripje	trip:n
epenthesis	epenthese:n
motels	motel:n
motelletje	motel:n
boringen	boring:n
borinkje	boring:n
apen	aap:n
aapje	aap:n
apinnen	apin:n
apinnetje	apin:n
clips	clip:n
clipje	clip:n
pillen	pil:n
pilletje	pil:n
pilleke	pil:n
burgers	burger:n
burgertje	burger:n
ca.	circa:d
hologrammen	hologram:n
bingo's	bingo:n
begrippen	begrip:n
begripje	begrip:n
eonen	eon:n
eoontje	eon:n
eonnetje	eon:n
bonbons	bonbon:n
bonbonnetje	bonbon:n
pelotons	peloton:n
pelotonnetje	peloton:n
stippen	stip:n
stipje	stip:n
dunkje	dunk:n
dunks	dunk:n
dunk	dunken:v
maki's	maki:n
makietje	maki:n
quiches	quiche:n
quicheje	quiche:n
rigider	rigide:a
rigiedst	rigide:a
rigidere	rigide:a
rigiedste	rigide:a
cryptogrammen	cryptogram:n
cryptogrammetje	cryptogram:n
holocausten	holocaust:n
camouflages	camouflage:n
petulante	petulant:a
relevanter	relevant:a
relevantst	relevant:a
relevante	relevant:a
relevantere	relevant:a
relevantste	relevant:a
irrelevanter	irrelevant:a
irrelevantst	irrelevant:a
irrelevante	irrelevant:a
irrelevantere	irrelevant:a
irrelevantste	irrelevant:a
Jiddische	Jiddisch:a
piccolo's	piccolo:n
piccolootje	piccolo:n
zonk	zinken:v
gladiatoren	gladiator:n
gladiators	gladiator:n
gladiatortje	gladiator:n
imperia	imperium:n
imperiumpje	imperium:n
recidivisten	recidivist:n
recidivistje	recidivist:n
cookies	cookie:n
cookietje	cookie:n
gitten	git:n
gitje	git:n
sporks	spork:n
sporkje	spork:n
donuts	donut:n
donutje	donut:n
tippen	tip:n
tipje	tip:n
tips	tip:n
tip	tippen:v
novae	nova:n
nova's	nova:n
novaatje	nova:n
nova	novum:n
supernovae	supernova:n
supernova's	supernova:n
supernovaatje	supernova:n
bangers	banger:n
bangertje	banger:n
diagrammen	diagram:n
diagrammetje	diagram:n
patriarchen	patriarch:n
patriarchje	patriarch:n
matriarchen	matriarch:n
matriarchje	matriarch:n
kafs	kaf:n
kafje	kaf:n
memmen	mem:n
memmetje	mem:n
midwinters	midwinter:n
pampers	pamper:n
pampertje	pamper:n
stalen	staal:n|stelen:v
staaltje	staal:n
siropen	siroop:n
siroopje	siroop:n
suikers	suiker:n
suikertje	suiker:n
voedsels	voedsel:n
organismen	organisme:n
organismes	organisme:n
organismetje	organisme:n
katten	kat:n
katje	kat:n
kat	katten:v|qat:n
daemon	demon:n
consumere	consumeren:v
partners	partner:n
partnertje	partner:n
karaoke	karaoken:v
gospels	gospel:n
rebbes	rebbe:n
vingt	vangen:v
logo's	logo:n
logootje	logo:n
reservoirs	reservoir:n
reservoirtje	reservoir:n
naans	naan:n
gaten	gat:n
gaatje	gat:n
gatten	gat:n
gatje	gat:n
pensions	pension:n
pensionnetje	pension:n
rame	ramen:v
pederasten	pederast:n
pederastje	pederast:n
normale	normaal:a
sta	staan:v
leerde	leren:v
leert	leren:v
leerden	leren:v
lerend	leren:v
geleerd	leren:v
praat	praten:v
praatte	praten:v
praatten	praten:v
pratend	praten:v
gepraat	praten:v
hoor	horen:v
hoorde	horen:v
hoort	horen:v
hoorden	horen:v
horend	horen:v
gehoord	horen:v
horen	hoorn:n
voel	voelen:v
voelde	voelen:v
voelt	voelen:v
voelden	voelen:v
voelend	voelen:v
gevoeld	voelen:v|gevoelen:v
kietel	kietelen:v
kietelde	kietelen:v
kietelt	kietelen:v
kietelden	kietelen:v
kietelend	kietelen:v
gekieteld	kietelen:v
proef	proeven:v
proefde	proeven:v
proeft	proeven:v
proefden	proeven:v
proevend	proeven:v
geproefd	proeven:v
proeven	proef:n
werk	werken:v
werkte	werken:v
werkt	werken:v
werkten	werken:v
werkend	werken:v
gewerkt	werken:v
wrocht	werken:v|wrochten:v
wrochten	werken:v
gewrocht	werken:v|wrochten:v
werken	werk:n
3a	drinken:v|klimmen:v|zingen:v
dronk	drinken:v
drinkt	drinken:v
dronken	drinken:v|dronk:n
drinkend	drinken:v
gedronken	drinken:v
bezit	bezitten:v
bezat	bezitten:v|bezatten:v
bezaten	bezitten:v
bezittend	bezitten:v
bezeten	bezitten:v
1	kijken:v|verdwijnen:v|blijven:v
kijk	kijken:v
keek	kijken:v
kijkt	kijken:v
keken	kijken:v
kijkend	kijken:v
gekeken	kijken:v
volg	volgen:v
volgde	volgen:v
volgt	volgen:v
volgden	volgen:v
volgend	volgen:v
gevolgd	volgen:v
herken	herkennen:v
herkende	herkennen:v
herkent	herkennen:v
herkenden	herkennen:v
herkennend	herkennen:v
herkend	herkennen:v
trek	trekken:v
trok	trekken:v
trekt	trekken:v
trokken	trekken:v|trok:n
trekkend	trekken:v
getrokken	trekken:v
trekken	trek:n
duw	duwen:v
duwde	duwen:v
duwt	duwen:v
duwden	duwen:v
duwend	duwen:v
geduwd	duwen:v
boer	boeren:v
boerde	boeren:v
boert	boeren:v
boerden	boeren:v
boerend	boeren:v
geboerd	boeren:v
boeren	boer:n
speel	spelen:v
speelde	spelen:v
speelt	spelen:v
speelden	spelen:v
spelend	spelen:v
gespeeld	spelen:v
spelen	spel:n
verdedig	verdedigen:v
verdedigde	verdedigen:v
verdedigt	verdedigen:v
verdedigden	verdedigen:v
verdedigend	verdedigen:v
verdedigd	verdedigen:v
aanval	aanvallen:v
aanviel	aanvallen:v
aanvalt	aanvallen:v
aanvielen	aanvallen:v
aanvallend	aanvallen:v
aangevallen	aanvallen:v
aanvallen	aanval:n
flirtte	flirten:v
flirtten	flirten:v
flirtend	flirten:v
geflirt	flirten:v
zoen	zoenen:v
zoende	zoenen:v
zoent	zoenen:v
zoenden	zoenen:v
zoenend	zoenen:v
gezoend	zoenen:v
2b	duiken:v|ruiken:v|sluiten:v
duik	duiken:v
dook	duiken:v
duikt	duiken:v
doken	duiken:v
duikend	duiken:v
gedoken	duiken:v
viel	vallen:v
valt	vallen:v
vielen	vallen:v
vallend	vallen:v
gevallen	vallen:v|geval:n
klom	klimmen:v
klimt	klimmen:v
klommen	klimmen:v
klimmend	klimmen:v
geklommen	klimmen:v
luister	luisteren:v
luisterde	luisteren:v
luistert	luisteren:v
luisterden	luisteren:v
luisterend	luisteren:v
geluisterd	luisteren:v
plaag	plagen:v
plaagde	plagen:v
plaagt	plagen:v
plaagden	plagen:v
plagend	plagen:v
geplaagd	plagen:v
plagen	plaag:n
boorde	boren:v
boort	boren:v
boorden	boren:v|boord:n
borend	boren:v
geboord	boren:v
zaag	zagen:v
zaagde	zagen:v
zaagt	zagen:v|zien:v
zaagden	zagen:v
zagend	zagen:v
gezaagd	zagen:v
boekte	boeken:v
boekt	boeken:v
boekten	boeken:v
boekend	boeken:v
geboekt	boeken:v
shifts	shift:n
shiftje	shift:n
bouillons	bouillon:n
bouillonnetje	bouillon:n
shampoos	shampoo:n
shampootje	shampoo:n
Macedonische	Macedonisch:a
surfboards	surfboard:n
surf	surfen:v
speciën	specie:n
gamba's	gamba:n
gambaatje	gamba:n
kostelozer	kosteloos:a
kosteloost	kosteloos:a
kosteloze	kosteloos:a
kostelozere	kosteloos:a
kostelooste	kosteloos:a
dentisten	dentist:n
dentistje	dentist:n
ente	enten:v
items	item:n
itempje	item:n
permanente	permanent:a
permanenten	permanent:n
permanentje	permanent:n
bosonen	boson:n
bosonnetje	boson:n
fermionen	fermion:n
leptonen	lepton:n
neutrino's	neutrino:n
gravitonen	graviton:n
gravitonnetje	graviton:n
eveningen	evening:n
dobbers	dobber:n
dobbertje	dobber:n
hedonisten	hedonist:n
etyma	etymon:n
straf	straffen:v
strafte	straffen:v
straft	straffen:v
straften	straffen:v
straffend	straffen:v
gestraft	straffen:v
straffen	straf:n
ketchups	ketchup:n
ketchupje	ketchup:n
jury's	jury:n
jury'tje	jury:n
illusionisten	illusionist:n
equivalente	equivalent:a
equivalenten	equivalent:n
mudden	mud:n
mudje	mud:n
muddeken	mud:n
brunchen	brunch:n
brunch	brunchen:v
diagnoses	diagnose:n
diagnosen	diagnose:n
diagnosetje	diagnose:n
firma's	firma:n
firmaatje	firma:n
porre	porren:v
rebellen	rebel:n
rebelletje	rebel:n
quadroon	quadrone:n
prompte	prompt:a
prompts	prompt:n|prompt:a
feller	fel:a
felst	fel:a
felle	fel:a
fellere	fel:a
felste	fel:a
hike	hiken:v
poli's	poli:n
modulen	module:n
modules	module:n
langer	lang:a
jungles	jungle:n
jungletje	jungle:n
SUV's	SUV:n
SUV'tje	SUV:n
harakiri's	harakiri:n
placemats	placemat:n
placematje	placemat:n
doder	dood:a
doodst	dood:a|doods:a
dode	dood:a|doden:v
dodere	dood:a
doodste	dood:a|doods:a
doden	dood:n|dode:n
dood	doden:v
hou	houden:v
interims	interim:n
interimmetje	interim:n
ateliers	atelier:n
ateliertje	atelier:n
acteurs	acteur:n
acteurtje	acteur:n
Sinti	Sinto:n
dildo's	dildo:n
datelines	dateline:n
instincten	instinct:n
wangen	wang:n
wangetje	wang:n
coteries	coterie:n
coterieën	coterie:n
coterietje	coterie:n
adolescenten	adolescent:n
adolescentje	adolescent:n
torpedo's	torpedo:n
torpedootje	torpedo:n
benadruk	benadrukken:v
benadrukte	benadrukken:v
benadrukt	benadrukken:v
benadrukten	benadrukken:v
benadrukkend	benadrukken:v
gorilla's	gorilla:n
gorillaatje	gorilla:n
diabolo's	diabolo:n
diabolootje	diabolo:n
diabolo	diaboloën:v
piranha's	piranha:n
piranhaatje	piranha:n
apartheden	apartheid:n
apartheidje	apartheid:n
genieën	genie:n
genietje	genie:n
autrice	auteur:n
jeansje	jeans:n
sushi's	sushi:n
varianten	variant:n
variantje	variant:n
putschen	putsch:n
flasken	flask:n
flaskje	flask:n
plunders	plunder:n
plundertje	plunder:n
plunder	plunderen:v
staatsgrepen	staatsgreep:n
staatsgreepje	staatsgreep:n
ladingen	lading:n
ladinkje	lading:n
lade	la:n|laden:v
cheeseburgers	cheeseburger:n
beware	bewaren:v
manuscripten	manuscript:n
manuscriptje	manuscript:n
casussen	casus:n
casusje	casus:n
meld	melden:v
fondants	fondant:n
fondantje	fondant:n
barbecues	barbecue:n
barbecuetje	barbecue:n
barbecue	barbecueën:v
normen	norm:n
normpje	norm:n
ratio's	ratio:n
quetzals	quetzal:n
quetzaltje	quetzal:n
trogons	trogon:n
trogonnetje	trogon:n
eclairs	eclair:n
eclairtje	eclair:n
scalpen	scalp:n
scalps	scalp:n
helmen	helm:n
helmpje	helm:n
feuilletons	feuilleton:n
feuilletonnetje	feuilleton:n
antichristen	antichrist:n
rabbi's	rabbi:n
rabbietje	rabbi:n
paradoxen	paradox:n
paradoxje	paradox:n
evidenter	evident:a
evidentst	evident:a
evidente	evident:a
evidentere	evident:a
evidentste	evident:a
konijnen	konijn:n
konijntje	konijn:n
eb	ebben:v
pregnanter	pregnant:a
pregnantst	pregnant:a
pregnante	pregnant:a
pregnantere	pregnant:a
pregnantste	pregnant:a
hummen	hum:n
hummetje	hum:n
sipper	sip:a
sipst	sip:a
sippe	sip:a
sippere	sip:a
sipste	sip:a
mortels	mortel:n
gelederen	gelid:n
geleden	gelid:n|lijden:v
spectrometers	spectrometer:n
spectrometertje	spectrometer:n
salami's	salami:n
streams	stream:n
prammen	pram:n
prammetje	pram:n
landingen	landing:n
landinkje	landing:n
lingeries	lingerie:n
lingerieën	lingerie:n
lingerietje	lingerie:n
cranberry's	cranberry:n
persona's	persona:n
CV's	CV:n
fugues	fugue:n
fugueje	fugue:n
motoren	motor:n
motors	motor:n
motortje	motor:n
podia	podium:n
podiums	podium:n
podiumpje	podium:n
suffer	suf:a|sufferd:n
pony's	pony:n
pony'tje	pony:n
viola's	viola:n
violaatje	viola:n
dealers	dealer:n
dealertje	dealer:n
plussen	plus:n
plusje	plus:n
openingen	opening:n
openinkje	opening:n
posten	post:n
postje	post:n
posts	post:n
post	pos:n|posten:v
brunettes	brunette:n
brunetten	brunette:n
brunetje	brunette:n
brunettetje	brunette:n
brunette	brunet:a
attesten	attest:n
attestje	attest:n
esters	ester:n
estertje	ester:n
aroma's	aroma:n
aromaatje	aroma:n
convexer	convex:a
convext	convex:a
convexe	convex:a
convexere	convex:a
convexte	convex:a
bonden	bond:n|binden:v
bondje	bond:n
bond	binden:v
mayo's	mayo:n
walrussen	walrus:n
walrusje	walrus:n
flippers	flipper:n
flippertje	flipper:n
flipper	flipperen:v
schat	schatten:v
schatte	schatten:v
schattend	schatten:v
geschat	schatten:v
schatten	schat:n
chloriden	chloride:n
chlorides	chloride:n
tunnels	tunnel:n
tunneltje	tunnel:n
zigzags	zigzag:n
zigzagje	zigzag:n
molecule	molecuul:n
smaller	smal:a
continue	continu:a
forten	fort:n
fortje	fort:n
zonale	zonaal:a
bobo's	bobo:n
blouse	bloes:n
solo's	solo:n
soli	solo:n
solootje	solo:n
beamers	beamer:n
beamertje	beamer:n
steden	stad:n
stadje	stad:n
shanty's	shanty:n
shanties	shanty:n
basilica's	basilica:n
basilicaatje	basilica:n
rectoren	rector:n
rectors	rector:n
bazaars	bazaar:n
bazaartje	bazaar:n
districten	district:n
districtje	district:n
tango's	tango:n
swastika's	swastika:n
spaatje	spa:n
spa's	spa:n
spade	spa:a
emporia	emporium:n
emporiums	emporium:n
emporiumpje	emporium:n
disciplines	discipline:n
disciplinetje	discipline:n
regimenten	regiment:n
regimentje	regiment:n
bumpers	bumper:n
bumpertje	bumper:n
plaagje	plaag:n
dippen	dip:n
dipje	dip:n
dips	dip:n
leeftijden	leeftijd:n
leeftijdje	leeftijd:n
protisten	protist:n
cedere	cederen:v
boomers	boomer:n
alle	al:t
sullen	sul:n
sulleke	sul:n
drums	drum:n
drummetje	drum:n
helices	helix:n
helixen	helix:n
bimbo's	bimbo:n
bimbootje	bimbo:n
websites	website:n
websiteje	website:n
corners	corner:n
cornertje	corner:n
missen	mis:n|miss:n
misje	mis:n
mis	missen:v
tref	treffen:v
hallen	hal:n
halletje	hal:n
missje	miss:n
miss	misschien:d
villa's	villa:n
villaatje	villa:n
professionals	professional:n
élan	elan:n
westerns	western:n
circumflexen	circumflex:n
argonauten	argonaut:n
argonautje	argonaut:n
arena's	arena:n
arenaatje	arena:n
begonia's	begonia:n
begoniaatje	begonia:n
dahlia's	dahlia:n
dahliaatje	dahlia:n
moduli	modulus:n
insulten	insult:n
insultje	insult:n
geraniums	geranium:n
geraniumpje	geranium:n
lobelia's	lobelia:n
lobeliaatje	lobelia:n
strips	strip:n
stripje	strip:n
strip	strippen:v
hovercrafts	hovercraft:n
hovercraftje	hovercraft:n
dilemma's	dilemma:n
dilemmaatje	dilemma:n
ananassen	ananas:n
ananasje	ananas:n
schlemielen	schlemiel:n
schlemieltje	schlemiel:n
directeurs	directeur:n
directeurtje	directeur:n
halo's	halo:n
halootje	halo:n
subcontinenten	subcontinent:n
poinsettia's	poinsettia:n
poinsettiaatje	poinsettia:n
lemmingen	lemming:n
lemmings	lemming:n
lemminkje	lemming:n
ravages	ravage:n
burrito's	burrito:n
burritootje	burrito:n
statussen	status:n
statusje	status:n
families	familie:n
asperges	asperge:n
aspergetje	asperge:n
censussen	census:n
horizonten	horizon:n
horizonnen	horizon:n
horizons	horizon:n
catastrophe	catastrofe:n
bosch	bos:n
mamma	mama:n
mamma's	mamma:n
mammae	mamma:n
tallen	tal:n
guller	gul:a
gulst	gul:a
gulle	gul:a
gullere	gul:a
gulste	gul:a
gullen	gul:n
gulletje	gul:n
jun	juni:n
bunkers	bunker:n
bunkertje	bunker:n
fondsen	fonds:n
fondsje	fonds:n
jul	juli:n
nov	november:n
apr	april:n
pixels	pixel:n
pixeltje	pixel:n
blanker	blank:a
blankst	blank:a
blanke	blank:a
blankere	blank:a
blankste	blank:a
containers	container:n
containertje	container:n
complimenten	compliment:n
complimentje	compliment:n
uniformen	uniform:n
uniformpje	uniform:n
uniformer	uniform:a
uniformst	uniform:a
uniforme	uniform:a
uniformere	uniform:a
uniformste	uniform:a
patio's	patio:n
patiootje	patio:n
coherenter	coherent:a
coherentst	coherent:a
coherente	coherent:a
coherentere	coherent:a
coherentste	coherent:a
hinge	hangen:v
compacter	compact:a
compactst	compact:a
compacte	compact:a
compactere	compact:a
compactste	compact:a
baobabs	baobab:n
golden	gelden:v
paprika's	paprika:n
paprikaatje	paprika:n
mutanten	mutant:n
mutantje	mutant:n
mensen	mens:n
mensje	mens:n
fora	forum:n
forums	forum:n
forumpje	forum:n
admins	admin:n
vinnen	vin:n
vinnetje	vin:n
arrangementen	arrangement:n
arrangementje	arrangement:n
pupillen	pupil:n
pupilletje	pupil:n
retina's	retina:n
retinaatje	retina:n
scrota	scrotum:n
scrotums	scrotum:n
sergeants	sergeant:n
sergeanten	sergeant:n
sergeantje	sergeant:n
artefacten	artefact:n
artefactje	artefact:n
barista's	barista:n
stolde	stollen:v
stolt	stollen:v
stolden	stollen:v
stollend	stollen:v
gestold	stollen:v
ze	zij:r|haar:r
uit	uiten:v
folders	folder:n
foldertje	folder:n
woof	wuiven:v
routines	routine:n
routinetje	routine:n
veren	veer:n
veertje	veer:n
veer	veren:v
verge	vergen:v
vibes	vibe:n
vibe	viben:v
aura's	aura:n
auraatje	aura:n
uzi's	uzi:n
exponenten	exponent:n
outfits	outfit:n
outfitje	outfit:n
surveillances	surveillance:n
bizarre	bizar:a
upgrades	upgrade:n
upgrade	upgraden:v
vibrators	vibrator:n
vibratortje	vibrator:n
musea	museum:n
museums	museum:n
museumpje	museum:n
isothermen	isotherm:n
wagons	wagon:n
wagonnetje	wagon:n
establishments	establishment:n
establishmentje	establishment:n
biscuits	biscuit:n
biscuitje	biscuit:n
assistere	assisteren:v
zonen	zone:n|zoon:n
zones	zone:n
zonetje	zone:n
erotica	eroticum:n
paarden	paard:n|paren:v
paardje	paard:n
losers	loser:n
losertje	loser:n
stigma's	stigma:n
stigmata	stigma:n
stigmaatje	stigma:n
trauma's	trauma:n
traumata	trauma:n
traumaatje	trauma:n
anemometers	anemometer:n
anemometertje	anemometer:n
lampen	lamp:n
lampje	lamp:n
satires	satire:n
satiren	satire:n
satyrs	satyr:n
satyrtje	satyr:n
stereotypes	stereotype:n
stereotypen	stereotype:n
stereotypetje	stereotype:n
stoma's	stoma:n
stomata	stoma:n
stomaatje	stoma:n
barometers	barometer:n
barometertje	barometer:n
diploma's	diploma:n
diplomaatje	diploma:n|diplomaat:n
dogmata	dogma:n
dogma's	dogma:n
dogmen	dogma:n
dogmaatje	dogma:n
epidermissen	epidermis:n
epidermes	epidermis:n
hypers	hyper:n|hyper:a
charisma's	charisma:n
charismata	charisma:n
cinema's	cinema:n
cinemaatje	cinema:n
climaxen	climax:n
climaxje	climax:n
macrons	macron:n
macrontje	macron:n
mentors	mentor:n
mentoren	mentor:n
mentortje	mentor:n
panorama's	panorama:n
panoramaatje	panorama:n
patriotten	patriot:n
patriotje	patriot:n
patriotte	patriot:a
amoks	amok:n
goulashes	goulash:n
goulashje	goulash:n
bungalows	bungalow:n
bungalowtje	bungalow:n
slaloms	slalom:n
slalom	slalommen:v
veranda's	veranda:n
verandaatje	veranda:n
condors	condor:n
Inca's	Inca:n
quinoa's	quinoa:n
kinken	kink:n
kinkje	kink:n
ombudsmannen	ombudsman:n
ombudsmannetje	ombudsman:n
sprints	sprint:n
sprinten	sprint:n
sprintje	sprint:n
scrums	scrum:n
scrummetje	scrum:n
jihad	djihaad:n
impotente	impotent:a
videogames	videogame:n
aso's	aso:n
asootje	aso:n
asoër	aso:a
aso'st	aso:a
bermen	berm:n
bermpje	berm:n
holsters	holster:n
holstertje	holster:n
mannequins	mannequin:n
rove	roven:v
slurp	slurf:n|slurpen:v
slurpen	slurp:n
slurpje	slurp:n
spookje	spook:n
stoke	stoken:v
slippers	slipper:n
slippertje	slipper:n
lungo's	lungo:n
lungootje	lungo:n
colli	collo:n
velden	veld:n|vellen:v
veldje	veld:n
neutra	neutrum:n
storten	stort:n
stortje	stort:n
stort	storten:v
ponten	pont:n
pontje	pont:n
commando's	commando:n
sporen	spoor:n
spoortje	spoor:n
trekje	trek:n
braaien	braai:n
braaitje	braai:n
braai	braaien:v
kralen	kraal:n
kraaltje	kraal:n
kraal	koraal:n
dorpen	dorp:n
dorpje	dorp:n
scopes	scope:n
jazzyer	jazzy:a
jazzyest	jazzy:a
jazzyere	jazzy:a
jazzyeste	jazzy:a
zette	zetten:v
zettend	zetten:v
gezet	zetten:v
minussen	minus:n
minusje	minus:n
tequila's	tequila:n
tequilaatje	tequila:n
diorama's	diorama:n
danste	dansen:v|reidansen:v
danst	dansen:v|reidansen:v
dansten	dansen:v|reidansen:v
dansend	dansen:v|reidansen:v
gedanst	dansen:v|reidansen:v
nylons	nylon:n
didgeridoos	didgeridoo:n
didgeridootje	didgeridoo:n
migraines	migraine:n
migrainetje	migraine:n
genocides	genocide:n
genocidetje	genocide:n
divans	divan:n
interessante	interessant:a
zeppelins	zeppelin:n
zeppelinnetje	zeppelin:n
tv	televisie:n
paracetamolletje	paracetamol:n
plast	plassen:v
podcasts	podcast:n
podcastje	podcast:n
voltmeters	voltmeter:n
voltmetertje	voltmeter:n
chiller	chill:a
chillst	chill:a
chille	chill:a
chillere	chill:a
chillste	chill:a
chill	chillen:v
etymologieën	etymologie:n
aldehyden	aldehyde:n
happenings	happening:n
jetski's	jetski:n
jetskietje	jetski:n
jetski	jetskiën:v
smurfen	smurf:n
smurfje	smurf:n
loucher	louche:a
louchest	louche:a
louchere	louche:a
loucheste	louche:a
covalente	covalent:a
celluloses	cellulose:n
heliometers	heliometer:n
trawlers	trawler:n
tapse	taps:a
alten	alt:n
altje	alt:n
trombones	trombone:n
carrousels	carrousel:n
carrouselletje	carrousel:n
cloaca's	cloaca:n
consoles	console:n
interviews	interview:n
interviewtje	interview:n
interview	interviewen:v
origines	origine:n
remmen	rem:n
remmetje	rem:n
rem	remmen:v
fagotten	fagot:n
fagotje	fagot:n
mor	morren:v
ballasten	ballast:n
prominenter	prominent:a
prominentst	prominent:a
prominente	prominent:a
prominentere	prominent:a
prominentste	prominent:a
pluralissen	pluralis:n
pluralia	pluralis:n
spindels	spindel:n
spindeltje	spindel:n
hints	hint:n
hintje	hint:n
hint	hinten:v
knapper	knap:a
knapst	knap:a
knappe	knap:a|knappen:v
knappere	knap:a
knapste	knap:a
knap	knappen:v
minder	weinig:t|weinig:d|minderen:v
mindere	minder:a|minderen:v
minaretten	minaret:n
minaretje	minaret:n
djellaba's	djellaba:n
minnen	min:n
minnetje	min:n
min	minnen:v
minst	min:a
pratter	prat:a
pratst	prat:a
pratte	prat:a
prattere	prat:a
pratste	prat:a
pratten	prat:n
pratje	prat:n
facelifts	facelift:n
faceliftje	facelift:n
narcs	narc:n
narcje	narc:n
deciliters	deciliter:n
weblogs	weblog:n
weblogje	weblog:n
dito's	dito:n
furries	furry:n
furry's	furry:n
skip	skippen:v
hetero's	hetero:n
gods	god:n
streakers	streaker:n
tankers	tanker:n
tankertje	tanker:n
journalisten	journalist:n
journalistje	journalist:n
perplexer	perplex:a
perplext	perplex:a
perplexe	perplex:a
perplexere	perplex:a
perplexte	perplex:a
etymologisten	etymologist:n
devote	devoot:a
winningen	winning:n
winninkje	winning:n
kongsi's	kongsi:n
kongsietje	kongsi:n
ideale	ideaal:a
Vikingen	Viking:n
pissers	pisser:n
pissertje	pisser:n
cartel	kartel:n
rapporten	rapport:n
rapportje	rapport:n
sulfiden	sulfide:n
sulfides	sulfide:n
flora's	flora:n
blessures	blessure:n
blessuren	blessure:n
blessuretje	blessure:n
blessuurtje	blessure:n
monarchieën	monarchie:n
monarchietje	monarchie:n
mycelia	mycelium:n
lasso's	lasso:n
lassootje	lasso:n
ruimtes	ruimte:n
ruimten	ruimte:n
turners	turner:n
turnertje	turner:n
donken	donk:n
donkje	donk:n
giro's	giro:n
girootje	giro:n
gallen	gal:n
galletje	gal:n
knage	knagen:v
knaag	knagen:v
knaagde	knagen:v
knaagt	knagen:v
knaagden	knagen:v
knagend	knagen:v
geknaagd	knagen:v
knagingen	knaging:n
knaginkje	knaging:n
chino's	chino:n
campussen	campus:n
campusje	campus:n
speelgoedje	speelgoed:n
jog	joggen:v
inners	inner:n
innertje	inner:n
snort	snorren:v
cliffhangers	cliffhanger:n
cliffhangertje	cliffhanger:n
incorrecter	incorrect:a
incorrectst	incorrect:a
incorrecte	incorrect:a
incorrectere	incorrect:a
incorrectste	incorrect:a
taxa	taxon:n
taxons	taxon:n
concurrenten	concurrent:n
concurrentje	concurrent:n
concurrente	concurrent:a
pedellen	pedel:n
pedels	pedel:n
pedelletje	pedel:n
cabarets	cabaret:n
cactussen	cactus:n
cactusje	cactus:n
shredders	shredder:n
casino's	casino:n
casinootje	casino:n
posen	pose:n
poses	pose:n
posetje	pose:n
romances	romance:n
romancen	romance:n
bassen	bas:n
basje	bas:n
bas	bassen:v
dekken	dek:n
dekje	dek:n
dek	dekken:v
nullen	nul:n
nulletje	nul:n
precursors	precursor:n
precursoren	precursor:n
precursortje	precursor:n
revolvers	revolver:n
revolvertje	revolver:n
cartoons	cartoon:n
cartoontje	cartoon:n
tonen	toon:n
toontje	toon:n
toon	teen:n|tonen:v
criteriums	criterium:n
criteriumpje	criterium:n
belle	bellen:v
quads	quad:n
quadje	quad:n
probeer	proberen:v
verhogen	verhoog:n
verhoogje	verhoog:n
verhoog	verhogen:v
coax	coaxkabel:n
mets	metsen:v
binges	binge:n
binge	bingen:v
blink	blinken:v
procedures	procedure:n
openers	opener:n
openertje	opener:n
systoles	systole:n
optimisten	optimist:n
optimistje	optimist:n
organisten	organist:n
organistje	organist:n
adats	adat:n
contrasten	contrast:n
contrastje	contrast:n
gore	goor:a
retorten	retort:n
wadden	wad:n
wadje	wad:n
wilt	willen:v
kidnap	kidnappen:v
kidnappers	kidnapper:n
kidnappertje	kidnapper:n
kiosken	kiosk:n
kioskje	kiosk:n
conventen	convent:n
lach	lachen:v
lachte	lachen:v
lacht	lachen:v
lachten	lachen:v
lachend	lachen:v
gelachen	lachen:v
schrei	schreien:v
schreide	schreien:v
schreit	schreien:v
schreiden	schreien:v
schreiend	schreien:v
geschreid	schreien:v
redenen	reden:n
redentje	reden:n
redens	reden:n|rede:n
reedde	reden:v
reedt	reden:v|rijden:v
reedden	reden:v
redend	reden:v
gereed	reden:v
reden	rede:n|rijden:v|redenen:v
miljarden	miljard:n
miljardje	miljard:n
trottoirs	trottoir:n
trottoirtje	trottoir:n
etudes	etude:n
etudetje	etude:n
waak	waken:v
waakte	waken:v
waakt	waken:v
waakten	waken:v
wakend	waken:v
gewaakt	waken:v
voyeurs	voyeur:n
voyeurtje	voyeur:n
sheriffs	sheriff:n
sheriffje	sheriff:n
pleinen	plein:n
pleintje	plein:n
doppen	dop:n
dopje	dop:n
dop	doppen:v
stunts	stunt:n
stuntje	stunt:n
stunt	stunten:v
impasses	impasse:n
impassen	impasse:n
zoethoutje	zoethout:n
uien	ui:n
uitje	ui:n
menarches	menarche:n
counters	counter:n
chatte	chatten:v
vintages	vintage:n
smaragden	smaragd:n
smaragdje	smaragd:n
tuinen	tuin:n
tuintje	tuin:n
bolsters	bolster:n
bolstertje	bolster:n
dc	districtscommissaris:n
watersporten	watersport:n
immanente	immanent:a
zeugmata	zeugma:n
zeugma's	zeugma:n
zeugmaatje	zeugma:n
redders	redder:n
reddertje	redder:n
congruenter	congruent:a
congruentst	congruent:a
congruente	congruent:a
congruentere	congruent:a
congruentste	congruent:a
busten	buste:n|bussen:v
bustes	buste:n
bustetje	buste:n
buste	bussen:v
rayons	rayon:n
rayonnetje	rayon:n
viele	vallen:v
andere	ander:a
langst	lang:a
lange	lang:a
langere	lang:a
langste	lang:a
kleiner	klein:a
kleinst	klein:a
kleine	klein:a
kleinere	klein:a|kleineren:v
kleinste	klein:a
punten	punt:n
puntje	punt:n
bochten	bocht:n
bochtje	bocht:n
runt	runnen:v
adressen	adres:n
adresje	adres:n
urnen	urn:n
urntje	urn:n
vulva's	vulva:n
vulvae	vulva:n
verdure	verduren:v
stretchers	stretcher:n
stretchertje	stretcher:n
Welshmen	Welshman:n
crèches	crèche:n
bonzen	bonze:n|bons:n
bonzetje	bonze:n
bonze	bonzen:v
lekst	lek:a
lekke	lek:a|lekken:v
lekste	lek:a
lekken	lek:n|likken:v
lekje	lek:n
lek	lekken:v
glazen	glas:n
glaasje	glas:n
tellingen	telling:n
tellinkje	telling:n
consistenter	consistent:a
consistentst	consistent:a
consistente	consistent:a
consistentere	consistent:a
consistentste	consistent:a
peridermen	periderm:n
peridermpje	periderm:n
activisten	activist:n
hoofdsteden	hoofdstad:n
hoofdstadje	hoofdstad:n
steed	steden:v
steedde	steden:v
steedt	steden:v
steedden	steden:v
stedend	steden:v
gesteed	steden:v
roben	robe:n
robes	robe:n
robetje	robe:n
poste	posten:v
posters	poster:n
postertje	poster:n
flip	flippen:v
tremolo's	tremolo:n
tremolootje	tremolo:n
censors	censor:n
censortje	censor:n
aubades	aubade:n
kehillot	kehilla:n
kehilla's	kehilla:n
audio's	audio:n
tiara's	tiara:n
tiaraatje	tiara:n
stickers	sticker:n
stickertje	sticker:n
sticker	stickeren:v
limbo's	limbo:n
limbootje	limbo:n
bowlings	bowling:n
incoherenter	incoherent:a
incoherentst	incoherent:a
incoherente	incoherent:a
incoherentere	incoherent:a
incoherentste	incoherent:a
sociolecten	sociolect:n
sociolectje	sociolect:n
idiolecten	idiolect:n
idiolectje	idiolect:n
latrines	latrine:n
latrinetje	latrine:n
raspen	rasp:n
raspje	rasp:n
rasp	raspen:v
rackets	racket:n
racketje	racket:n
parkings	parking:n
telegrammen	telegram:n
telegrammetje	telegram:n
popo's	popo:n
derailleurs	derailleur:n
kook	koken:v
libretto's	libretto:n
libretti	libretto:n
librettootje	libretto:n
supporters	supporter:n
supportertje	supporter:n
butlers	butler:n
butlertje	butler:n
wend	wenden:v
ware	waar:a|zijn:v|waren:v
koffers	koffer:n
koffertje	koffer:n
tabletten	tablet:n
tabletje	tablet:n
tablets	tablet:n
monterder	monter:a
monterst	monter:a
montere	monter:a|monteren:v
monterdere	monter:a
monterste	monter:a
marrons	marron:n
firmamenten	firmament:n
zwarter	zwart:a
zwartst	zwart:a
zwarte	zwart:a
zwartere	zwart:a
zwartste	zwart:a
ventilatoren	ventilator:n
ventilators	ventilator:n
ventilatortje	ventilator:n
viaducten	viaduct:n
viaductje	viaduct:n
lota's	lota:n
lotaatje	lota:n
spinsters	spinster:n
spinstertje	spinster:n
clusters	cluster:n
clustertje	cluster:n
gleed	glijden:v
guillotines	guillotine:n
guillotinetje	guillotine:n
bourgeoisieën	bourgeoisie:n
ultimatums	ultimatum:n
ultimata	ultimatum:n
ultimatumpje	ultimatum:n
apocope's	apocope:n
apocopen	apocope:n
apocopes	apocope:n
gaydars	gaydar:n
gaydartje	gaydar:n
carrés	carré:n
carreetje	carré:n
zij's	zij:n
zijs	zij:n
zijen	zij:n
zijtje	zij:n
zijden	zij:n|zijde:n
zij	zijde:n|zijn:v|wezen:v
flanken	flank:n
flankje	flank:n
beddingen	bedding:n
beddinkje	bedding:n
rete	rijten:v
angina's	angina:n
anginae	angina:n
varren	var:n
varretje	var:n
transmannen	transman:n
transmannetje	transman:n
snoder	snood:a
snoodst	snood:a
snode	snood:a
snodere	snood:a
snoodste	snood:a
ranches	ranch:n
ranchen	ranch:n
ranchje	ranch:n
tweets	tweet:n
broccoli's	broccoli:n
broccolietje	broccoli:n
dashboards	dashboard:n
dashboardje	dashboard:n
hygrometers	hygrometer:n
hygrometertje	hygrometer:n
yogi's	yogi:n
yogini's	yogini:n
autonome	autonoom:a
symposia	symposium:n
symposiums	symposium:n
symposiumpje	symposium:n
memoranda	memorandum:n
meng	mengen:v
garages	garage:n
inconsistenter	inconsistent:a
inconsistentst	inconsistent:a
inconsistente	inconsistent:a
inconsistentere	inconsistent:a
inconsistentste	inconsistent:a
yuppen	yup:n
yupje	yup:n
plage	plagen:v
boffen	bof:n
bofje	bof:n
bof	boffen:v
polissen	polis:n
polisje	polis:n
poleis	polis:n
heften	heft:n
heftje	heft:n
heft	heffen:v
monocles	monocle:n
monocletje	monocle:n
neuk	neuken:v
urgenter	urgent:a
urgentst	urgent:a
urgente	urgent:a
urgentere	urgent:a
urgentste	urgent:a
theaters	theater:n
theatertje	theater:n
centra	centrum:n
centrums	centrum:n
centrumpje	centrum:n
mommen	mom:n
mommetje	mom:n
bikini's	bikini:n
bikinietje	bikini:n
puls	pulsen:v
pulste	pulsen:v
pulst	pulsen:v
pulsten	pulsen:v
pulsend	pulsen:v
gepulst	pulsen:v
understatements	understatement:n
tandems	tandem:n
tandempje	tandem:n
grimmer	grim:a
grimst	grim:a
grimme	grim:a
grimmere	grim:a
grimste	grim:a
fusains	fusain:n
katers	kater:n
katertje	kater:n
centrales	centrale:n
centraletje	centrale:n
centrale	centraal:a
katachtigen	katachtige:n
katachtige	katachtig:a
slopingen	sloping:n
flagellanten	flagellant:n
vrijdagen	vrijdag:n
vrijdagje	vrijdag:n
zondagen	zondag:n
zondagje	zondag:n
mooier	mooi:a
mooist	mooi:a
mooie	mooi:a
mooiere	mooi:a
mooiste	mooi:a
ie	hij:r
tellers	teller:n
tellertje	teller:n
sonnetten	sonnet:n
sonnetje	sonnet:n
sondes	sonde:n
sondetje	sonde:n
bigamisten	bigamist:n
bigamistje	bigamist:n
controllers	controller:n
controllertje	controller:n
dolven	delven:v
glede	glijden:v
malcontenter	malcontent:a
malcontentst	malcontent:a
malcontenten	malcontent:n
malcontentje	malcontent:n
nobeler	nobel:a
nobelste	nobel:a
nobele	nobel:a
nobelere	nobel:a
insignificanter	insignificant:a
insignificantst	insignificant:a
insignificante	insignificant:a
insignificantere	insignificant:a
insignificantste	insignificant:a
castella	castellum:n
castellums	castellum:n
castellumpje	castellum:n
pandemoniums	pandemonium:n
pandemoniumpje	pandemonium:n
montages	montage:n
montagetje	montage:n
medleys	medley:n
medleytje	medley:n
verdwijn	verdwijnen:v
verdween	verdwijnen:v
verdwijnt	verdwijnen:v
verdwenen	verdwijnen:v
verdwijnend	verdwijnen:v
dolt	dollen:v
lagers	lager:n
lagertje	lager:n
lager	laag:a
marshmallows	marshmallow:n
bande	bannen:v
Britten	Brit:n
Britje	Brit:n
piercings	piercing:n
piercinkje	piercing:n
aspides	aspis:n
ka	kade:n|kauw:n
ka's	ka:n
kaatje	ka:n
deadlines	deadline:n
deadlinetje	deadline:n
dit	deze:t|deze:r
valle	vallen:v
comebacks	comeback:n
comebackje	comeback:n
voller	vol:a
volst	vol:a
volle	vol:a
vollere	vol:a
volste	vol:a
lopen	loop:n
loopje	loop:n|lopen:n
loop	lopen:v
femicides	femicide:n
femicidetje	femicide:n
scripts	script:n
scriptje	script:n
scrippie	script:n
thrillers	thriller:n
thrillertje	thriller:n
principes	principe:n
principetje	principe:n
chilis	chili:n
bildungsromans	bildungsroman:n
bildungsromannetje	bildungsroman:n
goo	gouw:n
motto's	motto:n
mottootje	motto:n
trampolines	trampoline:n
etymologischer	etymologisch:a
etymologische	etymologisch:a
etymologischere	etymologisch:a
etymologischte	etymologisch:a
sweaters	sweater:n
patenten	patent:n
patentje	patent:n
patenter	patent:a
patentst	patent:a
patente	patent:a
patentere	patent:a
patentste	patent:a
toleranter	tolerant:a
tolerantst	tolerant:a
tolerantere	tolerant:a
tolerantste	tolerant:a
tolerante	tolerant:a
perse	persen:v
kannen	kan:n
kannetje	kan:n
fotonen	foton:n
fotontje	foton:n
expertises	expertise:n
expertisen	expertise:n
fluister	fluisteren:v
fluisterde	fluisteren:v
fluistert	fluisteren:v
fluisterden	fluisteren:v
fluisterend	fluisteren:v
gefluisterd	fluisteren:v
bodje	bod:n
IT	informatietechnologie:n
elitisten	elitist:n
algen	alg:n
algje	alg:n
Siamese	Siamees:a
alfa's	alfa:n
alfaatje	alfa:n
pictogrammen	pictogram:n
pictogrammetje	pictogram:n
privileges	privilege:n
budgetten	budget:n
budgets	budget:n
budgetje	budget:n
universalia	universale:n
tap	tappen:v
tapte	tappen:v
tapt	tappen:v
tapten	tappen:v
tappend	tappen:v
getapt	tappen:v
transistoren	transistor:n
transistors	transistor:n
transistortje	transistor:n
brandblussers	brandblusser:n
brandblussertje	brandblusser:n
transmigranten	transmigrant:n
transmigrantje	transmigrant:n
ribben	rib:n
ribje	rib:n
referenda	referendum:n
referendums	referendum:n
referendumpje	referendum:n
beve	beven:v
auditoria	auditorium:n
auditoriums	auditorium:n
auditoriumpje	auditorium:n
delve	delven:v
ringtones	ringtone:n
airbags	airbag:n
airbagje	airbag:n
persiflages	persiflage:n
platitudes	platitude:n
platitudetje	platitude:n
toolboxen	toolbox:n
toolboxje	toolbox:n
archivisten	archivist:n
archivistje	archivist:n
ween	wenen:v
poules	poule:n
ontdekkingen	ontdekking:n
ontdekkinkje	ontdekking:n
ontdek	ontdekken:v
ontdekte	ontdekken:v
ontdekt	ontdekken:v
ontdekten	ontdekken:v
ontdekkend	ontdekken:v
interpolaties	interpolatie:n
blusse	blussen:v
aambeien	aambei:n
aambeitje	aambei:n
bissen	bis:n
bisje	bis:n
extrapolaties	extrapolatie:n
alkylen	alkyl:n
alkyltje	alkyl:n
cello's	cello:n
cellootje	cello:n
specialisten	specialist:n
specialistje	specialist:n
sloppen	slop:n
slopje	slop:n
deodoranten	deodorant:n
produkt	product:n
mysteries	mysterie:n
snooze	snoozen:v
droop	druipen:v
bidt	bidden:v
biddend	bidden:v
gebeden	bidden:v|gebed:n
zwem	zwemmen:v
zwom	zwemmen:v
zwemt	zwemmen:v
zwommen	zwemmen:v
zwemmend	zwemmen:v
gezwommen	zwemmen:v
zing	zingen:v
zong	zingen:v
zingt	zingen:v
zongen	zingen:v
zingend	zingen:v
gezongen	zingen:v
jota's	jota:n
jotaatje	jota:n
alven	alf:n
alfje	alf:n
monoxiden	monoxide:n
monoxides	monoxide:n
dioxides	dioxide:n
dioxiden	dioxide:n
peroxiden	peroxide:n
peroxides	peroxide:n
organigrammen	organigram:n
aubergines	aubergine:n|aubergine:a
auberginetje	aubergine:n
tollen	tol:n
tolletje	tol:n
'n	een:t
amnionen	amnion:n
amnionnetje	amnion:n
afro's	afro:n
afrootje	afro:n
bitser	bits:a
bitst	bits:a
bitse	bits:a
bitsere	bits:a
bitste	bits:a
absintje	absint:n
nadars	nadar:n
nadarke	nadar:n
archetypen	archetype:n
archetypes	archetype:n
archetypetje	archetype:n
dorsen	dors:n
dors	dorsen:v
bats	batsen:v
vonten	vont:n
sibilanten	sibilant:n
sibilantje	sibilant:n
anagnorises	anagnorisis:n
klamboes	klamboe:n
klamboetje	klamboe:n
lege	leeg:a|legen:v
pieren	pier:n
piertje	pier:n
pier	pieren:v
coulissen	coulisse:n
filatelisten	filatelist:n
filatelistje	filatelist:n
mausolea	mausoleum:n
mausoleums	mausoleum:n
mausoleumpje	mausoleum:n
reseda's	reseda:n
resedaatje	reseda:n
scènes	scène:n
scènetje	scène:n
nonchalanter	nonchalant:a
nonchalantst	nonchalant:a
nonchalante	nonchalant:a
nonchalantere	nonchalant:a
nonchalantste	nonchalant:a
frisbees	frisbee:n
frisbeetje	frisbee:n
frisbee	frisbeeën:v
gadgets	gadget:n
gadgetje	gadget:n
diverser	divers:a
diverst	divers:a
diversere	divers:a
diverste	divers:a
salamanders	salamander:n
salamandertje	salamander:n
groter	groot:a
grootst	groot:a|groots:a
grote	groot:a
grotere	groot:a
grootste	groot:a|groots:a
Slaven	Slaaf:n
predatoren	predator:n
diamanten	diamant:n
diamantje	diamant:n
translaties	translatie:n
translatietje	translatie:n
fale	falen:v
trim	trimmen:v
deo's	deo:n
deootje	deo:n
focaccia's	focaccia:n
huizen	huis:n
huisje	huis:n
huis	huizen:v
indirecter	indirect:a
indirectst	indirect:a
indirecte	indirect:a
indirectere	indirect:a
indirectste	indirect:a
analemma's	analemma:n
analemmaatje	analemma:n
aperter	apert:a
apertst	apert:a
dolken	dolk:n
dolkje	dolk:n
dolk	dolken:v
singels	singel:n
singeltje	singel:n
talen	taal:n
taaltje	taal:n
modernisten	modernist:n
ronder	rond:a
rondst	rond:a
ronde	rond:a
rondere	rond:a
rondste	rond:a
ronden	rond:n|ronde:n
rondje	rond:n|ronde:n
kouder	koud:a
koudst	koud:a
koude	koud:a|kou:n
koudere	koud:a
koudste	koud:a
urethrae	urethra:n
urethra's	urethra:n
niveaus	niveau:n
niveautje	niveau:n
exorcisten	exorcist:n
chatrooms	chatroom:n
parachutisten	parachutist:n
parachutistje	parachutist:n
ginge	gaan:v
rankings	ranking:n
homoseksueler	homoseksueel:a
homoseksueelst	homoseksueel:a
homoseksuele	homoseksueel:a
homoseksuelere	homoseksueel:a
homoseksueelste	homoseksueel:a
homoseksuelen	homoseksueel:n
homoseksueeltje	homoseksueel:n
ballonetten	ballonet:n
dansers	danser:n
dansertje	danser:n
tanga's	tanga:n
tangaatje	tanga:n
monumenten	monument:n
monumentje	monument:n
protectoren	protector:n
protectortje	protector:n
provinciale	provinciaal:a
referenten	referent:n
referentje	referent:n
dressings	dressing:n
dressinkje	dressing:n
tellen	tel:n
telletje	tel:n
tel	tellen:v
blare	blaren:v
circussen	circus:n
circusje	circus:n
vaders	vader:n
vaderen	vader:n
gevaderen	vader:n
vadertje	vader:n
vaderke	vader:n
dirigere	dirigeren:v
espresso's	espresso:n
espressootje	espresso:n
Limburgser	Limburgs:a
Limburgst	Limburgs:a
Limburgse	Limburgs:a
Limburgsere	Limburgs:a
Limburgste	Limburgs:a
gitaren	gitaar:n
gitaartje	gitaar:n
basten	bast:n|bassen:v
bastje	bast:n
bast	bassen:v
songwriters	songwriter:n
songwritertje	songwriter:n
calorieën	calorie:n
calorietje	calorie:n
percentages	percentage:n
designers	designer:n
designertje	designer:n
browsers	browser:n
distro's	distro:n
distrootje	distro:n
protases	protasis:n
communes	commune:n
communetje	commune:n
kk	kanker:i
parades	parade:n
paradetje	parade:n
a's	a:n
aatje	a:n
a	u:r
Afrikanertje	Afrikaner:n
Angelen	Angel:n
Antichrist	antichrist:m
Argonauten	Argonaut:n
Argonautje	Argonaut:n
Baskischer	Baskisch:a
Baskischt	Baskisch:a
Baskische	Baskisch:a|Bask:n
Baskischere	Baskisch:a
Baskischte	Baskisch:a
D	dame:n
Esten	Est:n
Finnen	Fin:n
Finnetje	Fin:n
Fr.	Frans:m
Franken	Frank:n
Franse	Frans:a
Fransen	Franse:n|Fransman:n
Galicischer	Galicisch:a
Galicischt	Galicisch:a
Galicische	Galicisch:a
Galicischere	Galicisch:a
Galicischte	Galicisch:a
Go	go:n
Hunnen	Hun:n
Hunnetje	Hun:n
Indonesischer	Indonesisch:a
Indonesischt	Indonesisch:a
Indonesische	Indonesisch:a
Indonesischere	Indonesisch:a
Indonesischte	Indonesisch:a
Jas	jas:n
K	koning:n
L	loper:n
Letten	Let:n
Letje	Let:n
Limbo	limbo:n
Maltesen	Maltese:n
Malteesje	Maltese:n|Maltees:n
Manhattans	Manhattan:n
Manhattantje	Manhattan:n
Moren	Moor:n
Moortje	Moor:n
O	oost:d
P	paard:n
Pooltje	Pool:n
Poolser	Pools:a
Poolst	Pools:a
Poolse	Pools:a
Poolsere	Pools:a
Poolste	Pools:a
St.	Sint:n
T	toren:n
Turkser	Turks:a
Turkst	Turks:a
Turkse	Turks:a
Turksere	Turks:a
Turkste	Turks:a
U	u:r
Veda's	Veda:n
Vita	vita:n
W	west:d
Wenden	Wend:n
Z	zuid:d
boutique	boetiek:n
pb	privébericht:n
bh's	bh:n
bh'tje	bh:n
champagnes	champagne:n
champagnetje	champagne:n
artillerieën	artillerie:n
lockers	locker:n
lockertje	locker:n
berge	bergen:v
kent	kennen:v
roggen	rog:n
rogje	rog:n
roggetje	rog:n
nachten	nacht:n
nachtje	nacht:n
aprillen	april:n
aprilletje	april:n
septembers	september:n
october	oktober:n
novembers	november:n
novembertje	november:n
decembers	december:n
decembertje	december:n
adonissen	adonis:n
adonisje	adonis:n
peters	peter:n
lakken	lak:n|likken:v
lakje	lak:n
huile	huilen:v
ugli's	ugli:n
feb	februari:n
internetje	internet:n
internet	internetten:v
jan	januari:n
mies	mie:n
mieke	mie:n
blate	blaten:v
menge	mengen:v
orden	ordenen:v|orde:n
capsules	capsule:n
capsuletje	capsule:n
brigades	brigade:n
sardines	sardine:n
sardinetje	sardine:n
cupcakes	cupcake:n
cupcakeje	cupcake:n
seneschal	seneschalk:n
tafels	tafel:n
tafelen	tafel:n
tafeltje	tafel:n
tafel	tafelen:v
feministen	feminist:n
feministje	feminist:n
napoleons	napoleon:n
smore	smoren:v
ponnen	pon:n
ponnetje	pon:n
krasser	kras:a
krast	kras:a|krassen:v
krasse	kras:a|krassen:v
krassere	kras:a
kraste	kras:a|krassen:v
krassen	kras:n
krasje	kras:n
kras	krassen:v
zusters	zuster:n
zustertje	zuster:n
knopen	knoop:n
knoopje	knoop:n
knoop	knopen:v
vogels	vogel:n
vogelen	vogel:n
vogeltje	vogel:n
vogelijn	vogel:n
wurm	worm:n|wurmen:v
seminars	seminar:n
muskusossen	muskusos:n
muskusosje	muskusos:n
magnolia's	magnolia:n
lucifers	lucifer:n
lucifertje	lucifer:n
cassettes	cassette:n
cassetten	cassette:n
cassettetje	cassette:n
abeler	abel:a
abelst	abel:a
abele	abel:a
abelere	abel:a
abelste	abel:a
hei	heide:n|heien:v
donderdagen	donderdag:n
donderdagje	donderdag:n
zaterdagen	zaterdag:n
zaterdagje	zaterdag:n
maandagen	maandag:n
maandagje	maandag:n
dinsdagen	dinsdag:n
dinsdagje	dinsdag:n
woensdagen	woensdag:n
woensdagje	woensdag:n
disses	diss:n
lichter	licht:a
lichtst	licht:a
lichte	licht:a|lichten:v
lichtere	licht:a
lichtste	licht:a
lichten	licht:n
lichtje	licht:n
licht	lichten:v
roezen	roes:n
roesje	roes:n
pythons	python:n
kir	kirren:v
raja	radja:n
trotser	trots:a
trotst	trots:a
trotse	trots:a
trotsere	trots:a|trotseren:v
trotste	trots:a
inde	innen:v
consulten	consult:n
consultje	consult:n
slaven	slaaf:n
freonen	freon:n
valgen	valg:n
valgje	valg:n
lychees	lychee:n
lycheetje	lychee:n
omertas	omerta:n
omertaatje	omerta:n
Franser	Frans:a
Fransere	Frans:a
Franste	Frans:a
subwoofers	subwoofer:n
subwoofertje	subwoofer:n
metroseksueler	metroseksueel:a
metroseksueelst	metroseksueel:a
metroseksuele	metroseksueel:a
metroseksuelere	metroseksueel:a
metroseksueelste	metroseksueel:a
metroseksuelen	metroseksueel:a
areola's	areola:n
areolae	areola:n
zeelanden	zeeland:n
huiden	huid:n
huidje	huid:n
taco's	taco:n
tacootje	taco:n
Halloweens	Halloween:n
elpees	elpee:n
elpeetje	elpee:n
detectives	detective:n
detectivetje	detective:n
detectiveje	detective:n
krone	kronen:v
oma's	oma:n
omaatje	oma:n
emirs	emir:n
vlogs	vlog:n
vlogje	vlog:n
vloggers	vlogger:n
vloggertje	vlogger:n
fakirs	fakir:n
fakirtje	fakir:n
gothics	gothic:n
linten	lint:n
lintje	lint:n
IQ	intelligentiequotiënt:n
singletons	singleton:n
singletonnetje	singleton:n
blunders	blunder:n
blundertje	blunder:n
blunder	blunderen:v
lolita's	lolita:n
heiligen	heilige:n
allez	allee:i
kosmonauten	kosmonaut:n
kosmonautje	kosmonaut:n
WW	Werkloosheidswet:m
nabla's	nabla:n
crèmes	crème:n
crèmepje	crème:n
crèmeke	crème:n
sulky's	sulky:n
guerrilla's	guerrilla:n
eloquenter	eloquent:a
eloquentst	eloquent:a
eloquente	eloquent:a
eloquentere	eloquent:a
eloquentste	eloquent:a
opdrachtgevers	opdrachtgever:n
opdrachtgevertje	opdrachtgever:n
smokings	smoking:n
smokinkje	smoking:n
turbulenter	turbulent:a
turbulentst	turbulent:a
turbulente	turbulent:a
turbulentere	turbulent:a
turbulentste	turbulent:a
dissidenten	dissident:n
dissidentje	dissident:n
expo's	expo:n
graven	graf:n|graaf:n
grafje	graf:n
tel.	telefoonnummer:n
no.	nummer:n
geiten	geit:n
geitje	geit:n|gei:n
GVD	godverdomme:i
ebbe	eb:n
potpourri's	potpourri:n
potpourrietje	potpourri:n
sinussen	sinus:n
sinusje	sinus:n
leid	leiden:v
leidde	leiden:v
leidt	leiden:v
leidden	leiden:v
leidend	leiden:v
geleid	leiden:v|geleiden:v
Ed.	edel:a
natst	nat:a
natte	nat:a
nattere	nat:a
natste	nat:a
natje	nat:n
abortussen	abortus:n
abortusje	abortus:n
janetten	janet:n
janetje	janet:n
sprote	spruiten:v
ESF	Eurovisiesongfestival:m
avg's	avg:n
avg'tje	avg:n
int	innen:v
memo's	memo:n
regenten	regent:n
regent	regenen:v
dixi's	dixi:n
gardes	garde:n
cellisten	cellist:n
cellistje	cellist:n
sentimenten	sentiment:n
infarcten	infarct:n
infarctje	infarct:n
assistenten	assistent:n
assistentje	assistent:n
cessen	ces:n
cesje	ces:n
donoren	donor:n
donors	donor:n
4	scheren:v|breken:v|bewegen:v
scheer	scheren:v
schoor	scheren:v
scheert	scheren:v
schoren	scheren:v
scherend	scheren:v
geschoren	scheren:v
scheerde	scheren:v
scheerden	scheren:v
gescheerd	scheren:v
scheren	scheer:n
spaar	sparen:v
spaarde	sparen:v
spaart	sparen:v
spaarden	sparen:v
sparend	sparen:v
gespaard	sparen:v
ballerina's	ballerina:n
ballerinaatje	ballerina:n
dongs	dong:n
dong	dingen:v
curatoren	curator:n
curatortje	curator:n
chemo's	chemo:n
chemootje	chemo:n
peritonea	peritoneum:n
hack	hacken:v
hackte	hacken:v
hackt	hacken:v
hackten	hacken:v
hackend	hacken:v
gehackt	hacken:v
pacifisten	pacifist:n
pist	pissen:v
pisten	pissen:v
pissend	pissen:v
gepist	pissen:v
pisse	pissen:v
ignoranter	ignorant:a
ignorantst	ignorant:a
ignorante	ignorant:a
ignorantere	ignorant:a
ignorantste	ignorant:a
mottes	motte:n
mottetje	motte:n
supplementen	supplement:n
supplementje	supplement:n
dover	doof:a
strem	stremmen:v
stremde	stremmen:v
stremt	stremmen:v
stremden	stremmen:v
stremmend	stremmen:v
gestremd	stremmen:v
perrons	perron:n
perronnetje	perron:n
apps	app:n
appje	app:n
app	appen:v
bitumina	bitumen:n
opossums	opossum:n
opossumpje	opossum:n
donjons	donjon:n
donjonnetje	donjon:n
temperamenten	temperament:n
temperamentje	temperament:n
Rom.	Romeins:a
storingen	storing:n
storinkje	storing:n
grills	grill:n
grilletje	grill:n|gril:n
mandaggen	mandag:n
mandagje	mandag:n
pappa	papa:n
ara's	ara:n
araatje	ara:n
armbanden	armband:n
armbandje	armband:n
bigotter	bigot:a
bigotst	bigot:a
bigotte	bigot:a
bigottere	bigot:a
bigotste	bigot:a
bigotten	bigot:n
radiators	radiator:n
radiatoren	radiator:n
radiatortje	radiator:n
diastoles	diastole:n
dinosaurussen	dinosaurus:n
dinosaurusje	dinosaurus:n
plexussen	plexus:n
tilts	tilt:n
tilt	tillen:v
pino's	pino:n
pinootje	pino:n
balletten	ballet:n
laste	lassen:v|last:n
lassend	lassen:v
gelast	lassen:v|lasten:v|gelasten:v
deal	dealen:v
dealde	dealen:v
dealt	dealen:v
dealden	dealen:v
dealend	dealen:v
gedeald	dealen:v
bodega's	bodega:n
bodegaatje	bodega:n
harren	har:n
harretje	har:n
croquet	kroket:n
anticlimaxen	anticlimax:n
anticlimaxje	anticlimax:n
stel	stellen:v|stil:a
stelde	stellen:v
stelt	stellen:v
stelden	stellen:v
stellend	stellen:v
gesteld	stellen:v
stellen	stel:n
verliezen	verlies:n
verliesje	verlies:n
verlies	verliezen:v
pierementen	pierement:n
pierementje	pierement:n
auteurs	auteur:n
auteurtje	auteur:n
sari's	sari:n
detectors	detector:n
detectortje	detector:n
enclaves	enclave:n
enclaafje	enclave:n
enclavetje	enclave:n
orzo's	orzo:n
enne	en:c
karsten	karst:n
grotten	grot:n
grotje	grot:n
verga	vergaan:v
sneakers	sneaker:n
sneakertje	sneaker:n
knoopsgaten	knoopsgat:n
knoopsgaatje	knoopsgat:n
voorbeelden	voorbeeld:n
voorbeeldje	voorbeeld:n
aug	augustus:n
blisters	blister:n
blistertje	blister:n
tauonen	tauon:n
kaonen	kaon:n
cavalcades	cavalcade:n
cavalcaden	cavalcade:n
cavalcadetje	cavalcade:n
provocateurs	provocateur:n
provocateurtje	provocateur:n
rol	rollen:v
rolde	rollen:v
rolt	rollen:v
rolden	rollen:v
rollend	rollen:v
gerold	rollen:v
rollen	rol:n
maal	malen:v
maalde	malen:v
maalt	malen:v
maalden	malen:v
malend	malen:v
gemalen	malen:v|gemaal:n
gemaald	malen:v
malen	maal:n
begon	beginnen:v
begint	beginnen:v
begonnen	beginnen:v
beginnend	beginnen:v
denk	denken:v
dacht	denken:v
denkt	denken:v
dachten	denken:v
denkend	denken:v
gedacht	denken:v|gedenken:v
sokken	sok:n
sokje	sok:n
kollen	kol:n
kolletje	kol:n
koller	kol:a
kolst	kol:a
kolle	kol:a
kollere	kol:a
kolste	kol:a
jokken	jok:n
jokje	jok:n
jok	juk:n|jokken:v
schaad	schaden:v
schaadde	schaden:v
schaadt	schaden:v
schaadden	schaden:v
schadend	schaden:v
geschaad	schaden:v
spore	sporen:v
theoretischer	theoretisch:a
theoretischt	theoretisch:a
theoretische	theoretisch:a
theoretischere	theoretisch:a
theoretischte	theoretisch:a
Teletubby	Teletubbie:n
Teletubbies	Teletubbie:n
enveloppen	envelop:n
envelopje	envelop:n
herbaria	herbarium:n
bonken	bonk:n
bonkje	bonk:n
bonk	bonken:v
nam	nemen:v
thalli	thallus:n
Belgen	Belg:n
Belgje	Belg:n
stalkers	stalker:n
stalkertje	stalker:n
krommer	krom:a
kromst	krom:a
kromme	krom:a|krommen:v
krommere	krom:a
kromste	krom:a
krom	krommen:v
nertsen	nerts:n
nertsje	nerts:n
gewin	gewinnen:v
gewon	gewinnen:v
gewint	gewinnen:v
gewonnen	gewinnen:v|winnen:v
gewinnend	gewinnen:v
bestel	bestellen:v
bestelde	bestellen:v
bestelt	bestellen:v
bestelden	bestellen:v
bestellend	bestellen:v
besteld	bestellen:v
bestellen	bestel:n
kielen	kiel:n
kieltje	kiel:n
deuteronen	deuteron:n
tritons	triton:n
aluminiumfolies	aluminiumfolie:n
aluminiumfolietje	aluminiumfolie:n
skateboards	skateboard:n
skateboardje	skateboard:n
wis	wissen:v|wisdoek:n
wiste	wissen:v|weten:v
wist	wissen:v|weten:v
wisten	wissen:v|weten:v
wissend	wissen:v
gewist	wissen:v
wissen	wis:n|wisse:n
richtiger	richtig:a
richtigst	richtig:a
richtige	richtig:a
richtigere	richtig:a
richtigste	richtig:a
richt	richten:v
richtte	richten:v
richtten	richten:v
richtend	richten:v
gericht	richten:v|gerecht:n
essayisten	essayist:n
ieler	iel:a
ielst	iel:a
iele	iel:a
ielere	iel:a
ielste	iel:a
zymasen	zymase:n
hypotheses	hypothese:n
heim	heem:n
symbolischer	symbolisch:a
symbolischt	symbolisch:a
symbolische	symbolisch:a
symbolischere	symbolisch:a
symbolischte	symbolisch:a
allegorischer	allegorisch:a
allegorischt	allegorisch:a
allegorische	allegorisch:a
allegorischere	allegorisch:a
allegorischte	allegorisch:a
anders	ander:a
cd's	cd:n
cd'tje	cd:n
relicten	relict:n
relictje	relict:n
blenders	blender:n
blendertje	blender:n
blender	blenderen:v
mixers	mixer:n
mixertje	mixer:n
amplitudes	amplitude:n
amplitudetje	amplitude:n
deinde	deinen:v
tasers	taser:n
sabbatten	sabbat:n
sabbats	sabbat:n
sabbatje	sabbat:n
luster	luister:n
lusters	luster:n
lustertje	luster:n
havens	haven:n
haventje	haven:n
multimeters	multimeter:n
supercontinenten	supercontinent:n
boertje	boer:n|boert:n
kunsten	kunst:n
kunstje	kunst:n
labradors	labrador:n
wartalen	wartaal:n
wartaaltje	wartaal:n
façades	façade:n
façadetje	façade:n
zigeuners	zigeuner:n
zigeunertje	zigeuner:n
urne	urn:n
eisen	eis:n
eisje	eis:n
eis	eisen:v
teme	temen:v
sanatoria	sanatorium:n
sanatoriums	sanatorium:n
sanatoriumpje	sanatorium:n
nekken	nek:n
nekje	nek:n
nek	nekken:v
sensoren	sensor:n
sensors	sensor:n
sensortje	sensor:n
produce	producen:v
producete	producen:v
producet	producen:v
produceten	producen:v
producend	producen:v
geproducet	producen:v
hollers	holler:n
hollertje	holler:n
lede	lijden:v|leed:a
meiden	meid:n
intoleranter	intolerant:a
intolerantst	intolerant:a
intolerante	intolerant:a
intolerantere	intolerant:a
intolerantste	intolerant:a
waar	waren:v
ruggen	rug:n
ruggetje	rug:n
rugje	rug:n
gewichten	gewicht:n
gewichtje	gewicht:n
rap	rappen:v
rapte	rappen:v
rapt	rappen:v
rapten	rappen:v
rappend	rappen:v
gerapt	rappen:v
schelmen	schelm:n
schelmpje	schelm:n
eiste	eisen:v
eist	eisen:v
eisten	eisen:v
eisend	eisen:v
geëist	eisen:v
velos	velo:n
velootje	velo:n
honig	honing:n
helikopters	helikopter:n
helikoptertje	helikopter:n
bara's	bara:n
rege	rijgen:v
legge	leggen:v
sectoren	sector:n
sectors	sector:n
sectortje	sector:n
hinterlanden	hinterland:n
hinterlandje	hinterland:n
plateaus	plateau:n
plateautje	plateau:n
prairies	prairie:n
serenades	serenade:n
korter	kort:a
kortst	kort:a
korte	kort:a|korten:v
kortere	kort:a
kortste	kort:a
kort	korten:v|korren:v
debutanten	debutant:n
debutantje	debutant:n
debutantes	debutante:n
terrils	terril:n
terrilletje	terril:n
plafon	plafond:n
deb	debiel:n
muffins	muffin:n
nota's	nota:n
notaatje	nota:n
balkons	balkon:n
balkonnetje	balkon:n
dagbladen	dagblad:n
dagblaadje	dagblad:n
tillen	til:n
tilletje	til:n
til	tillen:v
catheter	katheter:n
inne	innen:v
idioten	idioot:n
idioter	idioot:a
magerder	mager:a
magerst	mager:a
magere	mager:a
magerdere	mager:a
magerste	mager:a
tast	tasten:v
tastte	tasten:v
tastten	tasten:v
tastend	tasten:v
getast	tasten:v
gladii	gladius:n
gladiusje	gladius:n
leste	lessen:v
lesten	lessen:v
lessend	lessen:v
gelest	lessen:v
raam	ramen:v
raamde	ramen:v
raamt	ramen:v
raamden	ramen:v
ramend	ramen:v
geraamd	ramen:v
ramen	raam:n
buren	buur:n
demokratisch	democratisch:a
machetes	machete:n
webinars	webinar:n
tilapia's	tilapia:n
tilapiaatje	tilapia:n
indicatoren	indicator:n
indicators	indicator:n
sprong	springen:v
springt	springen:v
sprongen	springen:v|sprong:n
springend	springen:v
gesprongen	springen:v
houtte	houten:v
houtten	houten:v
houtend	houten:v
gehout	houten:v
schal	schallen:v
schallen	schal:n
schalletje	schal:n
jingles	jingle:n
jingletje	jingle:n
competenter	competent:a
competentst	competent:a
competente	competent:a
competentere	competent:a
competentste	competent:a
houtiger	houtig:a
houtigst	houtig:a
houtige	houtig:a
houtigere	houtig:a
houtigste	houtig:a
spechten	specht:n
spechtje	specht:n
gelatines	gelatine:n
bastions	bastion:n
bastionnetje	bastion:n
seriën	serie:n
serietje	serie:n
docenten	docent:n
docentje	docent:n
cognacs	cognac:n
cognacje	cognac:n
desktops	desktop:n
desktopje	desktop:n
fuckhoofden	fuckhoofd:n
fuckhoofdje	fuckhoofd:n
hoofden	hoofd:n
hoofdje	hoofd:n
rallen	ral:n
uploads	upload:n
uploadje	upload:n
upload	uploaden:v
ailerons	aileron:n
voicemails	voicemail:n
voicemailtje	voicemail:n
espen	esp:n
espje	esp:n
cascades	cascade:n
cascaden	cascade:n
flinker	flink:a
flinkst	flink:a|flinks:a
flinke	flink:a
flinkere	flink:a
flinkste	flink:a
flinken	flink:n
flinkje	flink:n
bidons	bidon:n
bidonnetje	bidon:n
horsen	hors:n
horsje	hors:n
morgens	morgen:n
morgentje	morgen:n
morgen	goedemorgen:i
droppings	dropping:n
droppingen	dropping:n
droppinkje	dropping:n
introverter	introvert:a
introvertst	introvert:a
introverte	introvert:a
introvertere	introvert:a
introvertste	introvert:a
introverten	introvert:n
introvertje	introvert:n
bandages	bandage:n
ficussen	ficus:n
ficusje	ficus:n
sampans	sampan:n
ceremonies	ceremonie:n
joggers	jogger:n
targes	targe:n
gulpen	gulp:n
gulpje	gulp:n
potente	potent:a
barracuda's	barracuda:n
babysitters	babysitter:n
decennia	decennium:n
decenniën	decennium:n
decenniums	decennium:n
decenniumpje	decennium:n
rapieren	rapier:n
rapiertje	rapier:n
schollen	schol:n
scholletje	schol:n
sprotten	sprot:n
sprotje	sprot:n
buurten	buurt:n
buurtje	buurt:n|buur:n
kapen	kaap:n
kaapje	kaap:n
kaap	kapen:v
fairways	fairway:n
remedies	remedie:n
plectrums	plectrum:n
plectra	plectrum:n
plectrumpje	plectrum:n
veins	veinzen:v
scepters	scepter:n
sceptertje	scepter:n
burgen	burg:n
burgje	burg:n
medici	medicus:n
medicusje	medicus:n
skits	skit:n
olifanten	olifant:n
olifantje	olifant:n
attachés	attaché:n
attacheetje	attaché:n
baklava's	baklava:n
purees	puree:n
pureetje	puree:n
headliners	headliner:n
baguettes	baguette:n
likete	liken:v
liket	liken:v
liketen	liken:v
likend	liken:v
geliket	liken:v
panty's	panty:n
panty'tje	panty:n
delicten	delict:n
delictje	delict:n
passe	passen:v
Isabel	Isabella:m
bazooka's	bazooka:n
bazookaatje	bazooka:n
gebedje	gebed:n
aerogrammen	aerogram:n
financiers	financier:n
financiertje	financier:n
financier	financieren:v
beurtbalkje	beurtbalk:n
gabbers	gabber:n
gabbertje	gabber:n
headlines	headline:n
headline	headlinen:v
mantels	mantel:n
manteltje	mantel:n
machten	macht:n
machtje	macht:n
lobby's	lobby:n
lobby'tje	lobby:n
lobby	lobbyen:v
giechel	giechelen:v
giechelde	giechelen:v
giechelt	giechelen:v
giechelden	giechelen:v
giechelend	giechelen:v
gegiecheld	giechelen:v
Akkadische	Akkadisch:a
ziekenhuizen	ziekenhuis:n
ziekenhuisje	ziekenhuis:n
bully's	bully:n
escorts	escort:n
brunet	brunette:n
tripsen	trips:n
tripsje	trips:n
Sinten	Sint:n
Sintje	Sint:n
nessen	nes:n
nesje	nes:n
foto's	foto:n
fotootje	foto:n
buffers	buffer:n
buffertje	buffer:n
diva's	diva:n
divaatje	diva:n
kosten	kost:n
kostje	kost:n
kost	kosten:v
ensembles	ensemble:n
ensembletje	ensemble:n
Latijnen	Latijn:n
Latijntje	Latijn:n
waarde	waren:v|waard:a
waart	waren:v|zijn:v
waarden	waren:v|waarde:n|waard:n
warend	waren:v
gewaard	waren:v
gloppen	glop:n
glopje	glop:n
barricades	barricade:n
barricaden	barricade:n
barricadetje	barricade:n
prinsen	prins:n
prinsje	prins:n
nummers	nummer:n
nummertje	nummer:n
atte	atten:v
teksten	tekst:n
tekstje	tekst:n
historiën	historie:n
historietje	historie:n
horken	hork:n
horkje	hork:n
hork	horken:v
genen	gen:n|gene:r|geen:t
drage	dragen:v
aes	aas:n
spammers	spammer:n
kanten	kant:n
kantje	kant:n
kant	kanten:v
boksen	boks:n|bokse:n
boksje	boks:n
kalenders	kalender:n
kalendertje	kalender:n
kappe	kappen:v
shoarmaatje	shoarma:n
anapesten	anapest:n
personages	personage:n
spiesen	spies:n
spiesje	spies:n
entrees	entree:n
entreetje	entree:n
reflexen	reflex:n
reflexjes	reflex:n
kasten	kaste:n|kast:n
kastetje	kaste:n
leve	leven:v
darters	darter:n
kakapo's	kakapo:n
kakapootje	kakapo:n
hos	hossen:v
triggers	trigger:n
triggertje	trigger:n
gangsters	gangster:n
gangstertje	gangster:n
navigere	navigeren:v
stemme	stemmen:v
ete	eten:v
oeuvres	oeuvre:n
oeuvretje	oeuvre:n
baptisten	baptist:n
frezen	frees:n
freesje	frees:n
frees	frezen:v
redes	rede:n
redetje	rede:n
rede	rijden:v|reden:v
psychoses	psychose:n
psychosen	psychose:n
psychosetje	psychose:n
bellend	bellen:v
aula's	aula:n
aulaatje	aula:n
slink	slinken:v
lat	meetlat:n|latten:v
latten	lat:n
latje	lat:n
lonen	loon:n
loontje	loon:n
Markers	Marker:n
Markertje	Marker:n
bruiner	bruin:a
bruinst	bruin:a
bruine	bruin:a
bruinere	bruin:a
bruinste	bruin:a
bruinen	bruin:n
bruintje	bruin:n
diene	dienen:v
velle	vellen:v
gappers	gapper:n
gappertje	gapper:n
talismans	talisman:n
talismannen	talisman:n
talismannetje	talisman:n
ep's	ep:n
ep'tje	ep:n
vertere	verteren:v
mgr.	markgraaf:n|monseigneur:n
nationalisten	nationalist:n
nationalistje	nationalist:n
ballonnen	ballon:n
ballons	ballon:n
ballonnetje	ballon:n
stiller	stil:a
stilst	stil:a
stille	stil:a
stillere	stil:a
stilste	stil:a
HST	hogesnelheidstrein:n
magen	maag:n
mandaten	mandaat:n
tallitot	tallit:n
maan	manen:v
maande	manen:v
maant	manen:v
maanden	manen:v|maand:n
manend	manen:v
gemaand	manen:v
manen	maan:n
legere	legeren:v|leeg:a
koppen	kop:n
kop	koppen:v
minne	min:n|minnen:v
minde	minnen:v
minden	minnen:v
minnend	minnen:v
gemind	minnen:v
makt	makken:v
makten	makken:v
sorediën	soredium:n
opprimere	opprimeren:v
zope	zuipen:v
agentes	agente:n|agens:n
saldi	saldo:n
saldo's	saldo:n
saldootje	saldo:n
ongeletterde	ongeletterd:a
guerrillero's	guerrillero:n
loggers	logger:n
loggertje	logger:n
extremisten	extremist:n
extremistje	extremist:n
exhibitionisten	exhibitionist:n
calva's	calva:n
calvaatje	calva:n
hoven	hof:n
hofje	hof:n
rotsen	rots:n
rotsje	rots:n
vere	veren:v|veer:n
minibussen	minibus:n
minibusje	minibus:n
lunzen	luns:n
hoezen	hoes:n
hoesje	hoes:n
trainingen	training:n
traininkje	training:n
tailles	taille:n
tailletje	taille:n
frasen	frase:n
frases	frase:n
frasetje	frase:n
loopser	loops:a
loopst	loops:a
loopse	loops:a
loopsere	loops:a
loopste	loops:a
broodmagerder	broodmager:a
broodmagerst	broodmager:a
broodmagere	broodmager:a
broodmagerdere	broodmager:a
broodmagerste	broodmager:a
betoveringen	betovering:n
betoverinkje	betovering:n
toneelstukken	toneelstuk:n
toneelstukje	toneelstuk:n
toepassingen	toepassing:n
toepassinkje	toepassing:n
dineer	dineren:v
dineerde	dineren:v
dineert	dineren:v
dineerden	dineren:v
dinerend	dineren:v
gedineerd	dineren:v
schreeuw	schreeuwen:v
schreeuwde	schreeuwen:v
schreeuwt	schreeuwen:v
schreeuwden	schreeuwen:v
schreeuwend	schreeuwen:v
geschreeuwd	schreeuwen:v
schreeuwen	schreeuw:n
poezen	poes:n
poesje	poes:n
koeien	koe:n
koetje	koe:n|koet:n
rosés	rosé:n
roseetje	rosé:n
fuckbuddy's	fuckbuddy:n
fuckbuddy'tje	fuckbuddy:n
moerassen	moeras:n
moerasje	moeras:n
schapen	schaap:n|scheppen:v|schape:n
schaapje	schaap:n
mannetjes	mannetje:n
schepen	schip:n
scheepje	schip:n
dakje	dak:n
dakjes	dakje:n
ezels	ezel:n
ezeltje	ezel:n
portretten	portret:n
portretje	portret:n
beelden	beeld:n
beeldje	beeld:n
kombuchas	kombucha:n
kombuchaatje	kombucha:n
examens	examen:n
examina	examen:n
examentje	examen:n
avances	avance:n
pielen	piel:n
pieltje	piel:n
pieletje	piel:n
trezen	trees:n
treesje	trees:n
swa's	swa:n
swaatje	swa:n
consiglieri	consigliere:n
beschermingen	bescherming:n
bescherminkje	bescherming:n
oorlogen	oorlog:n
oorlogje	oorlog:n
verstop	verstoppen:v
verstopte	verstoppen:v
verstopt	verstoppen:v
verstopten	verstoppen:v
verstoppend	verstoppen:v
zerken	zerk:n
zerkje	zerk:n
kobolden	kobold:n
koboldje	kobold:n
pelzen	pels:n
pelsje	pels:n
ampullen	ampul:n
ampulletje	ampul:n
massen	mas:n
masje	mas:n
Mandarijnser	Mandarijns:a
Mandarijnst	Mandarijns:a
Mandarijnse	Mandarijns:a
Mandarijnsere	Mandarijns:a
Mandarijnste	Mandarijns:a
dec	december:n
steelpannen	steelpan:n
steelpannetje	steelpan:n
steelpans	steelpan:n
draag	dragen:v
droeg	dragen:v
draagt	dragen:v
droegen	dragen:v
dragend	dragen:v
gedragen	dragen:v
drumsticks	drumstick:n
drumstickje	drumstick:n
inferno's	inferno:n
infernootje	inferno:n
linden	linde:n
lobbyisten	lobbyist:n
lobbyistje	lobbyist:n
hese	hijsen:v|hees:a
kwik	kwiek:a
lijken	lijk:n
lijkje	lijk:n
lijk	lijken:v
sprookjes	sprookje:n
eilanden	eiland:n
eilandje	eiland:n
eilanders	eilander:n
eilandertje	eilander:n
chansons	chanson:n
chansonnetje	chanson:n
balle	ballen:v
garneringen	garnering:n
imago's	imago:n
imagootje	imago:n
procenten	procent:n
procentje	procent:n
exempelen	exempel:n
nectars	nectar:n
beatboxen	beatbox:n
beatboxje	beatbox:n
aanbodje	aanbod:n
wantsen	wants:n
wantsje	wants:n
gotischer	gotisch:a
gotischt	gotisch:a
gotische	gotisch:a
gotischere	gotisch:a
gotischte	gotisch:a
micrometers	micrometer:n
micrometertje	micrometer:n
marinades	marinade:n
getto's	getto:n
getti	getto:n
gettootje	getto:n
hel	hellen:v|hal:n
helde	hellen:v
helt	hellen:v
hellend	hellen:v
geheld	hellen:v
delinquenten	delinquent:n
delinquentje	delinquent:n
rampen	ramp:n
rampje	ramp:n
ramps	ramp:n
fundamenten	fundament:n
fundamentje	fundament:n
immigranten	immigrant:n|immigrante:n
immigrantje	immigrant:n|immigrante:n
spondeeën	spondee:n
emigranten	emigrant:n
basilecten	basilect:n
basilectje	basilect:n
daag	dagen:v|dag:n
daagde	dagen:v
daagt	dagen:v
daagden	dagen:v
dagend	dagen:v
gedaagd	dagen:v
tantes	tante:n
tantetje	tante:n
rompers	romper:n
rompertje	romper:n
stele	stelen:v
bodybuilders	bodybuilder:n
bodybuildertje	bodybuilder:n
ediken	edik:n
edikje	edik:n
bakken	bak:n
bakje	bak:n
bakkie	bak:n
bakske	bak:n
bak	versnellingsbak:n|bakken:v
eiken	eik:n
eikje	eik:n
hellen	hel:n
helletje	hel:n
heller	hel:a
helst	hel:a|hels:a|helzen:v
helle	hel:a|hellen:v|hel:n
hellere	hel:a
helste	hel:a|hels:a
pilsen	pils:n
pilsje	pils:n
brosser	bros:a
brost	bros:a|brossen:v
brosse	bros:a
brossere	bros:a
broste	bros:a|brossen:v
orka's	orka:n
orkaatje	orka:n
koffies	koffie:n
koffietje	koffie:n
greinen	grein:n
greintje	grein:n
maïs	mais:n
escadrilles	escadrille:n
jammerder	jammer:a
jammerst	jammer:a
jammere	jammer:a|jammeren:v
jammerdere	jammer:a
jammerste	jammer:a
jammer	jammeren:v
bendes	bende:n
benden	bende:n
bendetje	bende:n
vertalingen	vertaling:n
vertalinkje	vertaling:n
mangroven	mangrove:n
mangroves	mangrove:n
folio's	folio:n
foliootje	folio:n
aanraak	aanraken:v
aanraakte	aanraken:v
aanraakt	aanraken:v
aanraakten	aanraken:v
aanrakend	aanraken:v
aangeraakt	aanraken:v
eyeliners	eyeliner:n
blushers	blusher:n
slingers	slinger:n
slingertje	slinger:n
slinger	slingeren:v
grossen	gros:n
grosje	gros:n
bindt	binden:v
bindend	binden:v
gebonden	binden:v
waters	water:n
incongruenter	incongruent:a
incongruentst	incongruent:a
incongruente	incongruent:a
incongruentere	incongruent:a
incongruentste	incongruent:a
christenen	christen:n
christentje	christen:n
compressors	compressor:n
compressoren	compressor:n
compressortje	compressor:n
divergenter	divergent:a
divergentst	divergent:a
divergente	divergent:a
divergentere	divergent:a
divergentste	divergent:a
sassen	sas:n
sasje	sas:n
benefices	benefice:n
dingen	ding:n
dingetje	ding:n
ding	dingen:v
rockers	rocker:n
rockertje	rocker:n
vitrines	vitrine:n
vitrinetje	vitrine:n
creepyer	creepy:a
creepy'st	creepy:a
greiger	greige:a
greigest	greige:a
greigere	greige:a
greigeste	greige:a
botanica	botanicus:n
idealisten	idealist:n
brandingen	branding:n
brandinkje	branding:n
canapés	canapé:n
canapeetje	canapé:n
sachets	sachet:n
sachetje	sachet:n
ankers	anker:n
ankertje	anker:n
anker	ankeren:v
salmonella's	salmonella:n
epauletten	epaulet:n
epaulets	epaulet:n
epauletje	epaulet:n
x	keer:n
halters	halter:n
haltertje	halter:n
portefeuilles	portefeuille:n
portefeuilletje	portefeuille:n
pulsars	pulsar:n
somberder	somber:a
somberst	somber:a
sombere	somber:a
somberdere	somber:a
somberste	somber:a
daaf	daven:v
daafde	daven:v
daaft	daven:v
daafden	daven:v
davend	daven:v
gedaafd	daven:v
masochisten	masochist:n
masochistje	masochist:n
aasvogels	aasvogel:n
aasvogelen	aasvogel:n
aasvogeltje	aasvogel:n
parallaxen	parallax:n
mercis	merci:n
mercikes	merci:n
succulenter	succulent:a
succulentst	succulent:a
succulente	succulent:a
succulentere	succulent:a
succulentste	succulent:a
succulenten	succulent:n
succulentje	succulent:n
incontinente	incontinent:a
damde	dammen:v
damt	dammen:v
damden	dammen:v
dammend	dammen:v
gedamd	dammen:v
planningen	planning:n
planninkje	planning:n
thrift	thriften:v
kolen	kool:n
kooltje	kool:n
modaler	modaal:a
modaalst	modaal:a
modale	modaal:a
modalere	modaal:a
modaalste	modaal:a
pummels	pummel:n
pummeltje	pummel:n
studies	studie:n
misères	misère:n
militanter	militant:a
militantst	militant:a
militante	militant:a
militantere	militant:a
militantste	militant:a
militanten	militant:n
scriptoria	scriptorium:n
psalters	psalter:n
psaltertje	psalter:n
gezegden	gezegde:n
gezegdes	gezegde:n
gezegdetje	gezegde:n
gedachten	gedachte:n|gedenken:v
gedachtes	gedachte:n
gedachtetje	gedachte:n
gedachte	gedenken:v
ideeën	idee:n
ideetje	idee:n
meningen	mening:n
meninkje	mening:n
opinies	opinie:n
opinietje	opinie:n
visies	visie:n
visietje	visie:n
visioenen	visioen:n
visioentje	visioen:n
tiramisu's	tiramisu:n
tiramisu'tje	tiramisu:n
kindser	kinds:a
kindst	kinds:a
kindse	kinds:a
kindsere	kinds:a
kindste	kinds:a
incompetenter	incompetent:a
incompetentst	incompetent:a
incompetente	incompetent:a
incompetentere	incompetent:a
incompetentste	incompetent:a
reduceer	reduceren:v
reduceerde	reduceren:v
reduceert	reduceren:v
reduceerden	reduceren:v
reducerend	reduceren:v
gereduceerd	reduceren:v
gerundiums	gerundium:n
gerundia	gerundium:n
gerundiumpje	gerundium:n
Gaza	Gazastrook:m
zijrivieren	zijrivier:n
zijriviertje	zijrivier:n
afgeleefder	afgeleefd:a
afgeleefdst	afgeleefd:a
afgeleefde	afgeleefd:a
afgeleefdere	afgeleefd:a
afgeleefdste	afgeleefd:a
aanvalletje	aanval:n
aardappelen	aardappel:n
aardappels	aardappel:n
aardappeltje	aardappel:n
aardiger	aardig:a
aardigst	aardig:a
aardige	aardig:a
aardigere	aardig:a
aardigste	aardig:a
gezochte	gezocht:a
gezocht	zoeken:v
zoek	zoeken:v
zocht	zoeken:v
zoekt	zoeken:v
zochten	zoeken:v
zoekend	zoeken:v
braadpannen	braadpan:n
braadpannetje	braadpan:n
berichtje	bericht:n
nitriden	nitride:n
achtergrondmuziekje	achtergrondmuziek:n
treinsporen	treinspoor:n
treinspoortje	treinspoor:n
turbines	turbine:n
turbinetje	turbine:n
sinaasappelbomen	sinaasappelboom:n
sinaasappelboompje	sinaasappelboom:n
sorteer	sorteren:v
sorteerde	sorteren:v
sorteert	sorteren:v
sorteerden	sorteren:v
sorterend	sorteren:v
gesorteerd	sorteren:v
depots	depot:n
depotje	depot:n
leering	lering:n
correspondenten	correspondent:n
correspondentje	correspondent:n
afkortingen	afkorting:n
afkortinkje	afkorting:n
reins	rein:a
sedimenten	sediment:n
okra's	okra:n
okraatje	okra:n
halva's	halva:n
halvaatje	halva:n
middens	midden:n
vega's	vega:n
hongersnoden	hongersnood:n
hongersnoodje	hongersnood:n
flaneurs	flaneur:n
flaneurtje	flaneur:n
't	het:r
gigolo's	gigolo:n
gigolootje	gigolo:n
sirocco's	sirocco:n
clementer	clement:a
clementst	clement:a
clemente	clement:a
clementere	clement:a
clementste	clement:a
maar	maren:v
combo's	combo:n
twitchers	twitcher:n
laptops	laptop:n
laptopje	laptop:n
lands	land:n
decaliters	decaliter:n
bascules	bascule:n
harders	harder:n
aaien	aai:n
aaitje	aai:n
aai	aaien:v
aken	aak:n
aakje	aak:n
aaide	aaien:v
aait	aaien:v
aaiden	aaien:v
aaiend	aaien:v
geaaid	aaien:v
lesbo's	lesbo:n
aalbessen	aalbes:n
aalbesje	aalbes:n
aalbessensappen	aalbessensap:n
aalbessensapje	aalbessensap:n
aalbessesap	aalbessensap:n
aalbessenstruiken	aalbessenstruik:n
aalbessenstruikje	aalbessenstruik:n
aalbessestruik	aalbessenstruik:n
aalkorven	aalkorf:n
aalkorfje	aalkorf:n
aalmoezen	aalmoes:n
aalmoesje	aalmoes:n
aalmoezeniers	aalmoezenier:n
aalmoezeniertje	aalmoezenier:n
aalscholvers	aalscholver:n
aalscholvertje	aalscholver:n
machinisten	machinist:n
machinistje	machinist:n
verhout	verhouten:v
verhoutte	verhouten:v
verhoutten	verhouten:v
verhoutend	verhouten:v
neushoorns	neushoorn:n
neushoorntje	neushoorn:n
onderscheid	onderscheiden:v
onderscheidde	onderscheiden:v
onderscheidt	onderscheiden:v
onderscheidden	onderscheiden:v
onderscheidend	onderscheiden:v
giraffen	giraf:n
girafje	giraf:n
onterf	onterven:v
onterfde	onterven:v
onterft	onterven:v
onterfden	onterven:v
ontervend	onterven:v
onterfd	onterven:v
abdicere	abdiceren:v
revanches	revanche:n
wissels	wissel:n
wisseltje	wissel:n
wissel	wisselen:v
wodka's	wodka:n
wodkaatje	wodka:n
drommen	drom:n
columbaria	columbarium:n
columbariums	columbarium:n
bijoux	bijou:n
bijous	bijou:n
bijoutje	bijou:n
watermannen	waterman:n
watermannetje	waterman:n
franchises	franchise:n
influencers	influencer:n
influencertje	influencer:n
berceuses	berceuse:n
luider	luid:a
luidst	luid:a
luide	luid:a|luiden:v
luidere	luid:a
luidste	luid:a
luiden	luid:n|lieden:n
luidje	luid:n
luid	luiden:v
chocolatiers	chocolatier:n
chocolatiertje	chocolatier:n
colporteurs	colporteur:n
croutons	crouton:n
croutonnetje	crouton:n
confronteer	confronteren:v
confronteerde	confronteren:v
confronteert	confronteren:v
confronteerden	confronteren:v
confronterend	confronteren:v
geconfronteerd	confronteren:v
opa's	opa:n
opaatje	opa:n
hore	horen:v
citadellen	citadel:n
citadels	citadel:n
citadelletje	citadel:n
beroemder	beroemd:a
beroemdst	beroemd:a
beroemde	beroemd:a
beroemdere	beroemd:a
beroemdste	beroemd:a
vrouwen	vrouw:n|vrouwe:n
vrouwtje	vrouw:n|vrouwe:n
vrouwetje	vrouw:n|vrouwtje:n
vrouwke	vrouw:n
vuren	vuur:n
vuurtje	vuur:n
vuur	vuren:v
uren	uur:n
uurtje	uur:n
zoons	zoon:n
zoontje	zoon:n
zeilen	zeil:n
zeiltje	zeil:n
zeil	zeilen:v
zussen	zus:n
zusje	zus:n
zepen	zeep:n|zijpen:v
zeepje	zeep:n
werkje	werk:n
wetenschappen	wetenschap:n
wielen	wiel:n
wieltje	wiel:n
wieletje	wiel:n
woorden	woord:n
woordje	woord:n
wensen	wens:n
wensje	wens:n
wens	wensen:v
werelden	wereld:n
wereldje	wereld:n
wijnen	wijn:n
wijntje	wijn:n
wolken	wolk:n
wolkje	wolk:n
antwoorden	antwoord:n
antwoordje	antwoord:n
antwoord	antwoorden:v
avonden	avond:n
avondje	avond:n
cirkels	cirkel:n
cirkeltje	cirkel:n
cirkel	cirkelen:v
boerderijen	boerderij:n
boerderijtje	boerderij:n
banen	baan:n
baantje	baan:n
baan	banen:v
flessen	fles:n
flesje	fles:n
feesten	feest:n
feestje	feest:n
feest	feesten:v
bibliotheken	bibliotheek:n
bibliotheekje	bibliotheek:n
broers	broer:n
broertje	broer:n
bruggen	brug:n
bruggetje	brug:n
brugje	brug:n
beloften	belofte:n
beloftes	belofte:n
beloftetje	belofte:n
bodems	bodem:n
bodempje	bodem:n
daken	dak:n
eeuwen	eeuw:n
eeuwtje	eeuw:n
doosje	doos:n
feiten	feit:n
feitje	feit:n
gevangenissen	gevangenis:n
gevangenisje	gevangenis:n
gereedschappen	gereedschap:n
gereedschapje	gereedschap:n
groenten	groente:n
groentes	groente:n
groentje	groente:n|groen:n
groentetje	groente:n
groenteke	groente:n
hoeken	hoek:n
hoekje	hoek:n
glimlachen	glimlach:n
glimlachje	glimlach:n
glimlach	glimlachen:v
beesten	beest:n
beestje	beest:n
beessie	beest:n
gebieden	gebied:n
gebiedje	gebied:n
gebied	gebieden:v
deksels	deksel:n
dekseltje	deksel:n
grootvaders	grootvader:n
grootvadertje	grootvader:n
honger	hongeren:v
hemelen	hemel:n
hemeltje	hemel:n
hemels	hemel:n
hoeveelheden	hoeveelheid:n
hoeveelheidje	hoeveelheid:n
kranten	krant:n
krantje	krant:n
heuvels	heuvel:n
heuvelen	heuvel:n
heuveltje	heuvel:n
jaren	jaar:n
jaartje	jaar:n
kaarsen	kaars:n
kaarsje	kaars:n
raampje	raam:n
antwoordde	antwoorden:v
antwoordt	antwoorden:v
antwoordden	antwoorden:v
antwoordend	antwoorden:v
geantwoord	antwoorden:v
adem	ademen:v
ademde	ademen:v
ademt	ademen:v
ademden	ademen:v
ademend	ademen:v
geademd	ademen:v
afmaak	afmaken:v
afmaakte	afmaken:v
afmaakt	afmaken:v
afmaakten	afmaken:v
afmakend	afmaken:v
afgemaakt	afmaken:v
afhang	afhangen:v
afhing	afhangen:v
afhangt	afhangen:v
afhingen	afhangen:v
afhangend	afhangen:v
afgehangen	afhangen:v
bouw	bouwen:v
bouwde	bouwen:v
bouwt	bouwen:v
bouwden	bouwen:v
bouwend	bouwen:v
gebouwd	bouwen:v
bedek	bedekken:v
bedekte	bedekken:v
bedekt	bedekken:v
bedekten	bedekken:v
bedekkend	bedekken:v
beslis	beslissen:v
besliste	beslissen:v
beslist	beslissen:v
beslisten	beslissen:v
beslissend	beslissen:v
betaal	betalen:v
betaalde	betalen:v
betaalt	betalen:v
betaalden	betalen:v
betalend	betalen:v
betaald	betalen:v
droog	drogen:v
droogde	drogen:v
droogt	drogen:v
droogden	drogen:v
drogend	drogen:v
gedroogd	drogen:v
gebruik	gebruiken:v
gebruikte	gebruiken:v
gebruikt	gebruiken:v|bruiken:v
gebruikten	gebruiken:v
gebruikend	gebruiken:v
gebruiken	gebruik:n
blijf	blijven:v
bleef	blijven:v
blijft	blijven:v
bleven	blijven:v
blijvend	blijven:v
gebleven	blijven:v
dien	dienen:v|die:t|die:r
diende	dienen:v
dient	dienen:v
dienden	dienen:v
dienend	dienen:v
gediend	dienen:v
brandde	branden:v
brandt	branden:v
brandden	branden:v
brandend	branden:v
gebrand	branden:v
breek	breken:v
brak	breken:v
breekt	breken:v
braken	breken:v
brekend	breken:v
gebroken	breken:v
breng	brengen:v
bracht	brengen:v
brengt	brengen:v
brachten	brengen:v
brengend	brengen:v
gebracht	brengen:v
beweeg	bewegen:v
bewoog	bewegen:v
beweegt	bewegen:v
bewogen	bewegen:v
bewegend	bewegen:v
bijt	bijten:v
bijtend	bijten:v
gebeten	bijten:v
bijten	bijt:n
drijf	drijven:v
dreef	drijven:v
drijft	drijven:v
dreven	drijven:v|dreef:n
drijvend	drijven:v
gedreven	drijven:v
droom	dromen:v
droomde	dromen:v
droomt	dromen:v
droomden	dromen:v
dromend	dromen:v
gedroomd	dromen:v
dromen	droom:n
bevat	bevatten:v
bevatte	bevatten:v
bevattend	bevatten:v
borstel	borstelen:v
borstelde	borstelen:v
borstelt	borstelen:v
borstelden	borstelen:v
borstelend	borstelen:v
geborsteld	borstelen:v
deel	delen:v
deelde	delen:v
deelt	delen:v
deelden	delen:v
delend	delen:v
gedeeld	delen:v
delen	deel:n
gebeur	gebeuren:v
gebeurde	gebeuren:v
gebeurt	gebeuren:v
gebeurden	gebeuren:v
gebeurend	gebeuren:v
gebeurd	gebeuren:v|beuren:v
geniet	genieten:v|nieten:v
genoot	genieten:v
genoten	genieten:v|genoot:n|nieten:v
genietend	genieten:v
huilde	huilen:v
huilt	huilen:v
huilden	huilen:v
huilend	huilen:v
gehuild	huilen:v
haat	haten:v
haatte	haten:v
haatten	haten:v
hatend	haten:v
gehaat	haten:v
begrijp	begrijpen:v
begreep	begrijpen:v
begrijpt	begrijpen:v
begrepen	begrijpen:v
begrijpend	begrijpen:v
wint	winnen:v
wonnen	winnen:v
winnend	winnen:v
wacht	wachten:v
wachtte	wachten:v
wachtten	wachten:v
wachtend	wachten:v
gewacht	wachten:v
wachten	wacht:n
zei	zeggen:v
zegde	zeggen:v
zegt	zeggen:v
zeiden	zeggen:v
zegden	zeggen:v
zeggend	zeggen:v
gezegd	zeggen:v
zeggen	zegge:n
zink	zinken:v
zinkt	zinken:v
zonken	zinken:v
zinkend	zinken:v
gezonken	zinken:v
zat	zitten:v
zaten	zitten:v
zittend	zitten:v
gezeten	zitten:v
verras	verrassen:v
verraste	verrassen:v
verrast	verrassen:v
verrasten	verrassen:v
verrassend	verrassen:v
trouw	trouwen:v
trouwde	trouwen:v
trouwt	trouwen:v
trouwden	trouwen:v
trouwend	trouwen:v
getrouwd	trouwen:v
trouwen	trouw:n
tekende	tekenen:v
tekent	tekenen:v
tekenden	tekenen:v
tekenend	tekenen:v
getekend	tekenen:v
klop	kloppen:v
klopte	kloppen:v
klopt	kloppen:v
klopten	kloppen:v
kloppend	kloppen:v
geklopt	kloppen:v
kloppen	klop:n
kwam	komen:v
komt	komen:v
kwamen	komen:v
komend	komen:v
gekomen	komen:v
buurmannen	buurman:n
buurmannetje	buurman:n
buurvrouwen	buurvrouw:n
buurvrouwtje	buurvrouw:n
buien	bui:n
buitje	bui:n|buitenvrouw:n
beroepen	beroep:n
beroepje	beroep:n
bozer	boos:a
boost	boos:a
boze	boos:a
bozere	boos:a
booste	boos:a
blauwer	blauw:a
blauwst	blauw:a
blauwe	blauw:a
blauwere	blauw:a
blauwste	blauw:a
blauwen	blauw:n|blauwe:n
blauwtje	blauw:n
blijer	blij:a
blijst	blij:a
blije	blij:a
blijere	blij:a
blijste	blij:a
blijen	blij:n
blijtje	blij:n
dichterbij	dichtbij:a
dichtstbij	dichtbij:a
dichtbije	dichtbij:a
dichterbije	dichtbij:a
dichtstbije	dichtbij:a
bewolkter	bewolkt:a
bewolktst	bewolkt:a
bewolkte	bewolkt:a|bewolken:v
bewolktere	bewolkt:a
bewolktste	bewolkt:a
doorzichtiger	doorzichtig:a
doorzichtigst	doorzichtig:a
doorzichtige	doorzichtig:a
doorzichtigere	doorzichtig:a
doorzichtigste	doorzichtig:a
belangrijker	belangrijk:a
belangrijkst	belangrijk:a
belangrijke	belangrijk:a
belangrijkere	belangrijk:a
belangrijkste	belangrijk:a
completer	compleet:a
compleetst	compleet:a
completere	compleet:a
compleetste	compleet:a
elektrische	elektrisch:a
droger	droog:a
droogst	droog:a
droge	droog:a|drogen:v
drogere	droog:a
droogste	droog:a
donkerder	donker:a
donkerst	donker:a
donkere	donker:a
donkerdere	donker:a
donkerste	donker:a
normaler	normaal:a
normaalst	normaal:a
normalere	normaal:a
normaalste	normaal:a
normalen	normaal:n
tevredener	tevreden:a
tevredenst	tevreden:a
tevredenste	tevreden:a
wakkerder	wakker:a
wakkerst	wakker:a
wakkere	wakker:a
wakkerdere	wakker:a
wakkerste	wakker:a
vroeger	vroeg:a
vroegst	vroeg:a
vroege	vroeg:a|vragen:v
vroegere	vroeg:a|vroeger:a
vroegste	vroeg:a
vroeg	vragen:v
wreder	wreed:a
wreedst	wreed:a
wrede	wreed:a
wredere	wreed:a
wreedste	wreed:a
zoeter	zoet:a
zoetst	zoet:a
zoete	zoet:a|zoeten:v
zoetere	zoet:a
zoetste	zoet:a
zoetje	zoet:n
zoet	zoeten:v
zonniger	zonnig:a
zonnigst	zonnig:a
zonnige	zonnig:a
zonnigere	zonnig:a
zonnigste	zonnig:a
zwaarder	zwaar:a
zwaarst	zwaar:a
zware	zwaar:a
zwaardere	zwaar:a
zwaarste	zwaar:a
zieker	ziek:a
ziekst	ziek:a
zieke	ziek:a
ziekere	ziek:a
ziekste	ziek:a
zachter	zacht:a
zachtst	zacht:a
zachte	zacht:a
zachtere	zacht:a
zachtste	zacht:a
vriendelijker	vriendelijk:a
vriendelijkst	vriendelijk:a
vriendelijke	vriendelijk:a
vriendelijkere	vriendelijk:a
vriendelijkste	vriendelijk:a
jonger	jong:a
jongst	jong:a
jonge	jong:a|jongen:v
jongere	jong:a
jongste	jong:a
jongen	jong:n|jong:a
jonkie	jong:n
jongske	jong:n
jong	jongen:v
eenzamer	eenzaam:a
eenzaamst	eenzaam:a
eenzame	eenzaam:a
eenzamere	eenzaam:a
eenzaamste	eenzaam:a
drukken	druk:n
drukje	druk:n
drukker	druk:a
drukst	druk:a
drukke	druk:a|drukken:v
drukkere	druk:a
drukste	druk:a
druk	drukken:v
goedkoper	goedkoop:a
goedkoopst	goedkoop:a
goedkope	goedkoop:a
goedkopere	goedkoop:a|goedkoper:a
goedkoopste	goedkoop:a
makkelijker	makkelijk:a
makkelijkst	makkelijk:a
makkelijke	makkelijk:a
makkelijkere	makkelijk:a
makkelijkste	makkelijk:a
kado	cadeau:n
kastelen	kasteel:n
kasteeltje	kasteel:n
kantoren	kantoor:n
kantoortje	kantoor:n
keukens	keuken:n
keukentje	keuken:n
koks	kok:n
kokje	kok:n
koningen	koning:n
koninkje	koning:n
koninginnen	koningin:n
koninginnetje	koningin:n
koortsen	koorts:n
koortsje	koorts:n
knieën	knie:n
knietje	knie:n
lepels	lepel:n
lepeltje	lepel:n
leeuwen	leeuw:n
leeuwtje	leeuw:n
liefdes	liefde:n
liefden	liefde:n|lieven:v
lichamen	lichaam:n
lichaampje	lichaam:n
maandje	maand:n
maantje	maan:n
maaltijden	maaltijd:n
maaltijdje	maaltijd:n
maaltijd	maaltijden:v
maagje	maag:n
kansen	kans:n
kansje	kans:n
luchten	lucht:n
luchtje	lucht:n
lucht	luchten:v
markten	markt:n
marktje	markt:n
moeders	moeder:n
gemoederen	moeder:n|gemoed:n
moedertje	moeder:n
meisje	meid:n
meisjes	meisje:n
minuten	minuut:n
minuutje	minuut:n
nieuwsje	nieuws:n
nieuws	nieuw:a
noten	noot:n|nieten:v
nootje	noot:n
activiteiten	activiteit:n
activiteitje	activiteit:n
afspraken	afspraak:n|afspreken:v
afspraakje	afspraak:n
afnames	afname:n
afvallen	afval:n
broeken	broek:n
broekje	broek:n
bruiloften	bruiloft:n
bruiloftje	bruiloft:n
bedreigingen	bedreiging:n
bedreiginkje	bedreiging:n
boetes	boete:n
boeten	boete:n
boete	boeten:v
bedrevener	bedreven:a
bedrevenst	bedreven:a
bedrevenste	bedreven:a
bedreven	bedrijven:v
bruikbaarder	bruikbaar:a
bruikbaarst	bruikbaar:a
bruikbare	bruikbaar:a
bruikbaardere	bruikbaar:a
bruikbaarste	bruikbaar:a
comfortabeler	comfortabel:a
comfortabelst	comfortabel:a
comfortabele	comfortabel:a
comfortabelere	comfortabel:a
comfortabelste	comfortabel:a
dieper	diep:a
diepst	diep:a
diepe	diep:a
diepere	diep:a
diepste	diep:a
dochters	dochter:n
dochtertje	dochter:n
bijzonderder	bijzonder:a
bijzonderst	bijzonder:a
bijzondere	bijzonder:a
bijzonderdere	bijzonder:a
bijzonderste	bijzonder:a
gezichten	gezicht:n
gezichtje	gezicht:n
gelukken	geluk:n
gelukje	geluk:n
geboorten	geboorte:n
geboortes	geboorte:n
gebruikje	gebruik:n
grappen	grap:n
grapje	grap:n
grenzen	grens:n
grensje	grens:n
grens	grenzen:v
gevaren	gevaar:n|varen:v
gevaartje	gevaar:n
geuren	geur:n
geurtje	geur:n
geur	geuren:v
groepen	groep:n
groepje	groep:n
geluiden	geluid:n
geluidje	geluid:n
geluid	luiden:v
geloven	geloof:n
geloofje	geloof:n
geloof	geloven:v
gebeurtenissen	gebeurtenis:n
gebeurtenisje	gebeurtenis:n
giffen	gif:n
gifje	gif:n
gifs	gif:n
grootmoeders	grootmoeder:n
grootmoedertje	grootmoeder:n
einde	eind:n
controles	controle:n
condities	conditie:n
conditiën	conditie:n
daarom	om:d
allener	alleen:a
alleenst	alleen:a
allene	alleen:a
allenere	alleen:a
alleenste	alleen:a
actiever	actief:a
actiefst	actief:a
actieve	actief:a
actievere	actief:a
actiefste	actief:a
afgelopen	aflopen:v
algemener	algemeen:a
algemeenst	algemeen:a
algemene	algemeen:a
algemenere	algemeen:a
algemeenste	algemeen:a
jaag	jagen:v
joeg	jagen:v
jaagt	jagen:v
joegen	jagen:v
jagend	jagen:v
gejaagd	jagen:v
jaagde	jagen:v
jaagden	jagen:v
jongens	jongen:n
jongetje	jongen:n
jongde	jongen:v
jongt	jongen:v
jongden	jongen:v
jongend	jongen:v
gejongd	jongen:v
haast	haasten:v
hoogtes	hoogte:n
hoogten	hoogte:n
helften	helft:n
helftje	helft:n
bescherm	beschermen:v
beschermde	beschermen:v
beschermt	beschermen:v
beschermden	beschermen:v
beschermend	beschermen:v
beschermd	beschermen:v
bekers	beker:n
bekertje	beker:n
beker	bekeren:v
bezoeken	bezoek:n
bezoekje	bezoek:n
bezoek	bezoeken:v
eenheden	eenheid:n
eenheidje	eenheid:n
geliefden	geliefde:n|gelieven:v
geliefde	geliefd:a|gelieven:v
scharen	schaar:n|schare:n
schaartje	schaar:n
schaar	schare:n|scharen:v
schouders	schouder:n
schoudertje	schouder:n
varkens	varken:n
varkentje	varken:n
sleutels	sleutel:n
sleuteltje	sleutel:n
sleutel	sleutelen:v
tranen	traan:n
traantje	traan:n
traan	tranen:v
toekomsten	toekomst:n
tanden	tand:n
tandje	tand:n
telefoons	telefoon:n
telefonen	telefoon:n
telefoontje	telefoon:n
slaapkamers	slaapkamer:n
slaapkamertje	slaapkamer:n
sterren	ster:n
sterretje	ster:n
stilten	stilte:n
stiltes	stilte:n
stiltetje	stilte:n
soepen	soep:n
soepje	soep:n
sneeuw	sneeuwen:v
smaken	smaak:n
smaakje	smaak:n
smaak	smaken:v
snelheden	snelheid:n
snelheidje	snelheid:n
stofje	stof:n
stoffen	stof:n
verzamelingen	verzameling:n
verzamelingetje	verzameling:n
vrijheden	vrijheid:n
vrijheidje	vrijheid:n
voetballen	voetbal:n
voetballetje	voetbal:n
voetbal	voetballen:v
spellen	spel:n
spelletje	spel:n
speeltje	spel:n|spil:n
spel	spellen:v
structuren	structuur:n
structuurtje	structuur:n
pepers	peper:n
pepertje	peper:n
postzegels	postzegel:n
postzegeltje	postzegel:n
ontbijten	ontbijt:n
ontbijtje	ontbijt:n
ontbijt	ontbijten:v
oliën	olie:n
olies	olie:n
olie	oliën:v
naalden	naald:n
naaldje	naald:n
culverinnen	culverin:n
culverinnetje	culverin:n
scheid	scheiden:v
scheidde	scheiden:v
scheidt	scheiden:v
scheidden	scheiden:v
scheidend	scheiden:v
gescheiden	scheiden:v
vecht	vechten:v
vocht	vechten:v|vochten:v
vochten	vechten:v
vechtend	vechten:v
gevochten	vechten:v
telde	tellen:v
telt	tellen:v
telden	tellen:v
tellend	tellen:v
geteld	tellen:v
stal	stelen:v|stallen:v
steelt	stelen:v
stelend	stelen:v
gestolen	stelen:v
spreek	spreken:v
sprak	spreken:v
spreekt	spreken:v
spraken	spreken:v|spraak:n
sprekend	spreken:v
gesproken	spreken:v
schrijf	schrijven:v
schreef	schrijven:v
schrijft	schrijven:v
schreven	schrijven:v|schreef:n
schrijvend	schrijven:v
geschreven	schrijven:v
reisde	reizen:v
reist	reizen:v
reisden	reizen:v
reizend	reizen:v
gereisd	reizen:v
rees	reizen:v|rijzen:v
rezen	reizen:v|rijzen:v
gerezen	reizen:v|rijzen:v
schiet	schieten:v
schoot	schieten:v
schoten	schieten:v|schoot:n|schot:n
schietend	schieten:v
geschoten	schieten:v
probeerde	proberen:v
probeert	proberen:v
probeerden	proberen:v
proberend	proberen:v
geprobeerd	proberen:v
koos	kiezen:v
kozen	kiezen:v
kiezend	kiezen:v
gekozen	kiezen:v
gehoorzaam	gehoorzamen:v
gehoorzaamde	gehoorzamen:v
gehoorzaamt	gehoorzamen:v
gehoorzaamden	gehoorzamen:v
gehoorzamend	gehoorzamen:v
gehoorzaamd	gehoorzamen:v
koop	kopen:v
kocht	kopen:v
koopt	kopen:v
kochten	kopen:v
kopend	kopen:v
gekocht	kopen:v
kopen	koop:n
kennissen	kennis:n
kennisje	kennis:n
verwijder	verwijderen:v
verwijderde	verwijderen:v
verwijdert	verwijderen:v
verwijderden	verwijderen:v
verwijderend	verwijderen:v
verwijderd	verwijderen:v
verenig	verenigen:v
verenigde	verenigen:v|verenigd:a
verenigt	verenigen:v
verenigden	verenigen:v
verenigend	verenigen:v
verenigd	verenigen:v
verander	veranderen:v
veranderde	veranderen:v
verandert	veranderen:v
veranderden	veranderen:v
veranderend	veranderen:v
veranderd	veranderen:v
verzamel	verzamelen:v
verzamelde	verzamelen:v
verzamelt	verzamelen:v
verzamelden	verzamelen:v
verzamelend	verzamelen:v
verzameld	verzamelen:v
wil	willen:v
wou	willen:v
wouden	willen:v|woud:n
willend	willen:v
gewild	willen:v
vries	vriezen:v
vroor	vriezen:v
vriest	vriezen:v
vroren	vriezen:v
vriezend	vriezen:v
gevroren	vriezen:v
vergeef	vergeven:v
vergaf	vergeven:v
vergeeft	vergeven:v
vergaven	vergeven:v
vergevend	vergeven:v
verdien	verdienen:v
verdiende	verdienen:v|verdiend:a
verdient	verdienen:v
verdienden	verdienen:v
verdienend	verdienen:v
verdiend	verdienen:v
vergelijk	vergelijken:v
vergeleek	vergelijken:v
vergelijkt	vergelijken:v
vergeleken	vergelijken:v
vergelijkend	vergelijken:v
ontsnap	ontsnappen:v
ontsnapte	ontsnappen:v
ontsnapt	ontsnappen:v
ontsnapten	ontsnappen:v
ontsnappend	ontsnappen:v
noem	noemen:v
noemde	noemen:v
noemt	noemen:v
noemden	noemen:v
noemend	noemen:v
genoemd	noemen:v
maak	maken:v
maakte	maken:v
maakt	maken:v
maakten	maken:v
makend	maken:v
gemaakt	maken:v
leen	lenen:v
leende	lenen:v
leent	lenen:v
leenden	lenen:v
lenend	lenen:v
geleend	lenen:v
lenen	leen:n
lieg	liegen:v
loog	liegen:v|logen:v
liegt	liegen:v
logen	liegen:v|leugen:n
liegend	liegen:v
gelogen	liegen:v
blaas	blazen:v
blies	blazen:v
blaast	blazen:v
bliezen	blazen:v
blazend	blazen:v
geblazen	blazen:v
blazen	blaas:n
belde	bellen:v
belden	bellen:v
gebeld	bellen:v
draai	draaien:v
draaide	draaien:v
draait	draaien:v
draaiden	draaien:v
draaiend	draaien:v
gedraaid	draaien:v
groei	groeien:v
groeide	groeien:v
groeit	groeien:v
groeiden	groeien:v
groeiend	groeien:v
gegroeid	groeien:v
faal	falen:v
faalde	falen:v
faalt	falen:v
faalden	falen:v
falend	falen:v
gefaald	falen:v
falen	faal:n
kookte	koken:v
kookt	koken:v
kookten	koken:v
kokend	koken:v
gekookt	koken:v
kostte	kosten:v
kostten	kosten:v
kostend	kosten:v
gekost	kosten:v
krijg	krijgen:v
kreeg	krijgen:v
krijgt	krijgen:v
kregen	krijgen:v
krijgend	krijgen:v
gekregen	krijgen:v
krijgde	krijgen:v
krijgden	krijgen:v
gekrijgd	krijgen:v
krijgen	krijg:n
buitens	buiten:n
buitentje	buiten:n
beneden	benijden:v
beter	goed:a|beteren:v|goe:a
goede	goed:a|goeden:v
betere	goed:a|beter:a|beteren:v
beste	goed:a|best:a
goederen	goed:n
goedje	goed:n
goed	goeden:v
draden	draad:n
draadje	draad:n
boordje	boord:n
informanten	informant:n
informantje	informant:n
beetjes	beetje:n
dekens	deken:n
dekentje	deken:n
onderzoeken	onderzoek:n
onderzoekje	onderzoek:n
onderzoek	onderzoeken:v
plattegronden	plattegrond:n
problemen	probleem:n
probleempje	probleem:n
plafonds	plafond:n
plafondje	plafond:n
plafonnetje	plafond:n
posities	positie:n
positietje	positie:n
prijzen	prijs:n
prijsje	prijs:n
prijs	prijzen:v
pijnen	pijn:n
pijntje	pijn:n
personen	persoon:n
persoontje	persoon:n
potloden	potlood:n
potloodje	potlood:n
publieken	publiek:n
publiekje	publiek:n
publieker	publiek:a
publiekst	publiek:a
publieke	publiek:a
publiekere	publiek:a
publiekste	publiek:a
periodes	periode:n
perioden	periode:n
periodetje	periode:n
kennen	kunnen:v
kende	kennen:v
kenden	kennen:v
kennend	kennen:v
gekend	kennen:v
poorten	poort:n
poortje	poort:n
prinsessen	prinses:n
prinsesje	prinses:n
provinciën	provincie:n
provincies	provincie:n
provincietje	provincie:n
pistolen	pistool:n
pistooltje	pistool:n
plaatje	plaat:n
plaatjes	plaatje:n
schreeuwtje	schreeuw:n
vijvers	vijver:n
vijvertje	vijver:n
vragen	vraag:n
vraagje	vraag:n
vraag	vragen:v
vingers	vinger:n
vingeren	vinger:n
vingertje	vinger:n
vinger	vingeren:v
vlezen	vlees:n
vleesje	vlees:n
vlaggen	vlag:n
vlaggetje	vlag:n
vinge	vangen:v
verven	verf:n
verf	verven:v
vliegje	vlieg:n
vijanden	vijand:n
vijandje	vijand:n
derden	derde:n
deeltje	deel:n
dubbele	dubbel:a
volgende	volgend:a
één	een:u|een:n
enthousiaster	enthousiast:a
enthousiastst	enthousiast:a
enthousiaste	enthousiast:a
enthousiastere	enthousiast:a
enthousiastste	enthousiast:a
enthousiasten	enthousiast:n
extremer	extreem:a
extreemst	extreem:a
extremere	extreem:a
extreemste	extreem:a
gezonder	gezond:a
gezondst	gezond:a
gezonde	gezond:a
gezondere	gezond:a
gezondste	gezond:a
gezond	zonnen:v
mogelijke	mogelijk:a
leegst	leeg:a
leegste	leeg:a
smalst	smal:a
smalle	smal:a
smallere	smal:a
smalste	smal:a
slechter	slecht:a
slechtst	slecht:a
slechte	slecht:a
slechtere	slecht:a
slechtste	slecht:a|slechtst:a
slecht	slechten:v
sneller	snel:a
snelst	snel:a
snelle	snel:a|snellen:v
snellere	snel:a
snelste	snel:a
snel	snellen:v
sterker	sterk:a
sterkst	sterk:a
sterke	sterk:a|sterken:v
sterkere	sterk:a
sterkste	sterk:a
sterk	sterkedrank:n|sterken:v
simpeler	simpel:a
simpelst	simpel:a
simpele	simpel:a
simpelere	simpel:a
simpelste	simpel:a
vraagt	vragen:v
vroegen	vragen:v
vragend	vragen:v
gevraagd	vragen:v
vang	vangen:v
ving	vangen:v
vangt	vangen:v
vingen	vangen:v
vangend	vangen:v
gevangen	vangen:v|gevang:n|gevangene:n
vangen	vang:n
zwembaden	zwembad:n
zwembadje	zwembad:n
zielen	ziel:n
zieltje	ziel:n
zaken	zaak:n
zaakje	zaak:n
zorgen	zorg:n
zorgje	zorg:n
zorg	zorgen:v
werelddelen	werelddeel:n
werelddeeltje	werelddeel:n
woudje	woud:n
rijker	rijk:a
rijkst	rijk:a
rijke	rijk:a
rijkere	rijk:a
rijkste	rijk:a
rijken	rijk:n|rijke:n
rijkje	rijk:n
rijst	rijzen:v
richtingen	richting:n
richtinkje	richting:n
rekenmachines	rekenmachine:n
rekenmachientje	rekenmachine:n
rekenmachinetje	rekenmachine:n
ongelukken	ongeluk:n
ongelukje	ongeluk:n
onderwerpen	onderwerp:n
onderwerpje	onderwerp:n
onderwerp	onderwerpen:v
ochtenden	ochtend:n
ochtendje	ochtend:n
oceanen	oceaan:n
oceaantje	oceaan:n
plaatsen	plaats:n
plaatsje	plaats:n
plaats	plaatsen:v
populairder	populair:a
populairst	populair:a
populaire	populair:a
populairdere	populair:a
populairste	populair:a
schoner	schoon:a
schoonst	schoon:a
schone	schoon:a
schonere	schoon:a
schoonste	schoon:a
kapotter	kapot:a
kapotst	kapot:a
kapotte	kapot:a
kapottere	kapot:a
kapotste	kapot:a
hoger	hoog:a
hoogst	hoog:a
hoge	hoog:a
hogere	hoog:a
hoogste	hoog:a
geler	geel:a
geelst	geel:a
gelere	geel:a
geelste	geel:a
nieuwer	nieuw:a
nieuwst	nieuw:a
nieuwe	nieuw:a
nieuwere	nieuw:a
nieuwste	nieuw:a
moeilijker	moeilijk:a
moeilijkst	moeilijk:a
moeilijke	moeilijk:a
moeilijkere	moeilijk:a
moeilijkste	moeilijk:a
oranjer	oranje:a
oranjest	oranje:a
oranjere	oranje:a
oranjeste	oranje:a
rozer	roze:a
rozest	roze:a
rozere	roze:a
rozeste	roze:a
scherper	scherp:a
scherpst	scherp:a
scherpe	scherp:a|scherpen:v
scherpere	scherp:a
scherpste	scherp:a
scherp	scherpen:v
gemener	gemeen:a
gemeenst	gemeen:a
gemene	gemeen:a
gemenere	gemeen:a
gemeenste	gemeen:a
gevaarlijker	gevaarlijk:a
gevaarlijkst	gevaarlijk:a
gevaarlijke	gevaarlijk:a
gevaarlijkere	gevaarlijk:a
gevaarlijkste	gevaarlijk:a
grappiger	grappig:a
grappigst	grappig:a
grappige	grappig:a
grappigere	grappig:a
grappigste	grappig:a
grijzer	grijs:a
grijst	grijs:a
grijze	grijs:a
grijzere	grijs:a
grijste	grijs:a
grijzen	grijs:n
gespannener	gespannen:a
gespannenst	gespannen:a
gespannenste	gespannen:a
gespannen	spannen:v|gespan:n
geschikter	geschikt:a
geschiktst	geschikt:a
geschikte	geschikt:a
geschiktere	geschikt:a
geschiktste	geschikt:a
geschikt	schikken:v
gerechten	gerecht:n
gerechtje	gerecht:n
gerechter	gerecht:a
gerechtst	gerecht:a
gerechte	gerecht:a
gerechtere	gerecht:a
gerechtste	gerecht:a
gerecht	rechten:v
honderden	honderd:n
honderdje	honderd:n
melkje	melk:n
melk	melken:v
uitleg	uitleggen:v
uitlegde	uitleggen:v
uitlegt	uitleggen:v
uitlegden	uitleggen:v
uitleggend	uitleggen:v
uitgelegd	uitleggen:v
uitleggen	uitleg:n
uitnodig	uitnodigen:v
uitnodigde	uitnodigen:v
uitnodigt	uitnodigen:v
uitnodigden	uitnodigen:v
uitnodigend	uitnodigen:v
uitgenodigd	uitnodigen:v
uitvind	uitvinden:v
uitvond	uitvinden:v
uitvindt	uitvinden:v
uitvonden	uitvinden:v
uitvindend	uitvinden:v
uitgevonden	uitvinden:v
uitzoek	uitzoeken:v
uitzocht	uitzoeken:v
uitzoekt	uitzoeken:v
uitzochten	uitzoeken:v
uitzoekend	uitzoeken:v
uitgezocht	uitzoeken:v
tijden	tijd:n
tijdje	tijd:n
verschillen	verschil:n
verschilletje	verschil:n
verschil	verschillen:v
verhalen	verhaal:n
verhaaltje	verhaal:n
verhaal	verhalen:v
verjaardagen	verjaardag:n
verjaardagje	verjaardag:n
veranderingen	verandering:n
veranderingetje	verandering:n
vormen	vorm:n
vormpje	vorm:n
vorm	vormen:v
verlaat	verlaten:v
verliet	verlaten:v
verlieten	verlaten:v
verlatend	verlaten:v
verlaatte	verlaten:v
verlaatten	verlaten:v
verloor	verliezen:v
verliest	verliezen:v
verloren	verliezen:v
verliezend	verliezen:v
vernietig	vernietigen:v
vernietigde	vernietigen:v|vernietigd:a
vernietigt	vernietigen:v
vernietigden	vernietigen:v
vernietigend	vernietigen:v
vernietigd	vernietigen:v
verover	veroveren:v
veroverde	veroveren:v
verovert	veroveren:v
veroverden	veroveren:v
veroverend	veroveren:v
veroverd	veroveren:v
vertrek	vertrekken:v
vertrok	vertrekken:v
vertrekt	vertrekken:v
vertrokken	vertrekken:v
vertrekkend	vertrekken:v
vertrekken	vertrek:n
verkoop	verkopen:v
verkocht	verkopen:v
verkoopt	verkopen:v
verkochten	verkopen:v
verkopend	verkopen:v
verkopen	verkoop:n
vertel	vertellen:v
vertelde	vertellen:v
vertelt	vertellen:v
vertelden	vertellen:v
vertellend	vertellen:v
verteld	vertellen:v
vertrouw	vertrouwen:v
vertrouwde	vertrouwen:v|vertrouwd:a
vertrouwt	vertrouwen:v
vertrouwden	vertrouwen:v
vertrouwend	vertrouwen:v
vertrouwd	vertrouwen:v
verwacht	verwachten:v
verwachtte	verwachten:v
verwachtten	verwachten:v
verwachtend	verwachten:v
neem	nemen:v
neemt	nemen:v
nemend	nemen:v
genomen	nemen:v|genoom:n
mocht	mogen:v
mochten	mogen:v
mogend	mogen:v
gemogen	mogen:v
lees	lezen:v
leest	lezen:v|leesten:v
lazen	lezen:v
lezend	lezen:v
gelezen	lezen:v
liep	lopen:v
loopt	lopen:v
liepen	lopen:v
lopend	lopen:v
gelopen	lopen:v
raak	raken:v
raakte	raken:v
raakt	raken:v
raakten	raken:v
rakend	raken:v
geraakt	raken:v|geraken:v
vergeet	vergeten:v
vergat	vergeten:v
vergaten	vergeten:v
vergetend	vergeten:v
vind	vinden:v
vindt	vinden:v
vindend	vinden:v
gevonden	vinden:v
televisies	televisie:n
televisietje	televisie:n
truien	trui:n
truitje	trui:n
totale	totaal:a
totalen	totaal:n
totaaltje	totaal:n
titels	titel:n
titeltje	titel:n
taarten	taart:n
taartje	taart:n|taar:n
vrienden	vriend:n
vriendje	vriend:n
vreemde	vreemd:a
vreemden	vreemde:n
volgorden	volgorde:n
volgordes	volgorde:n
voeten	voet:n
voetje	voet:n
vorken	vork:n
vorkje	vork:n
zwakker	zwak:a
zwakst	zwak:a
zwakke	zwak:a
zwakkere	zwak:a
zwakste	zwak:a
voorzichtiger	voorzichtig:a
voorzichtigst	voorzichtig:a
voorzichtige	voorzichtig:a
voorzichtigere	voorzichtig:a
voorzichtigste	voorzichtig:a
veiliger	veilig:a
veiligst	veilig:a
veilige	veilig:a
veiligere	veilig:a
veiligste	veilig:a
viezer	vies:a
viest	vies:a
vieze	vies:a
viezere	vies:a
vieste	vies:a
laagst	laag:a
lage	laag:a|liggen:v
lagere	laag:a
laagste	laag:a
laagje	laag:n
laatst	laat:a
laatste	laat:a|laatst:a
laten	laat:n
laat	laten:v
langzamer	langzaam:a
langzaamst	langzaam:a
langzame	langzaam:a
langzamere	langzaam:a
langzaamste	langzaam:a
huur	huren:v
huurde	huren:v
huurt	huren:v
huurden	huren:v
hurend	huren:v
gehuurd	huren:v
houd	houden:v
hield	houden:v
houdt	houden:v
hielden	houden:v
houdend	houden:v
gehouden	houden:v
haal	halen:v
haalde	halen:v
haalt	halen:v
haalden	halen:v
halend	halen:v
gehaald	halen:v
opneem	opnemen:v
opnam	opnemen:v
opneemt	opnemen:v
opnamen	opnemen:v|opname:n
opnemend	opnemen:v
opgenomen	opnemen:v
vake	vaak:a
zeerder	zeer:a
zeerst	zeer:a
zere	zeer:a
zeerdere	zeer:a
zeerste	zeer:a
zeren	zeer:n
zeertje	zeer:n
natuurlijker	natuurlijk:a
natuurlijkst	natuurlijk:a
natuurlijke	natuurlijk:a
natuurlijkere	natuurlijk:a
natuurlijkste	natuurlijk:a
waarschijnlijker	waarschijnlijk:a
waarschijnlijkst	waarschijnlijk:a
waarschijnlijke	waarschijnlijk:a
waarschijnlijkere	waarschijnlijk:a
waarschijnlijkste	waarschijnlijk:a
thuizen	thuis:n
thuisje	thuis:n
toenamen	toename:n|toenemen:v
toenames	toename:n
geboren	baren:v
oefeningen	oefening:n
oefeninkje	oefening:n
zekerder	zeker:a
zekerst	zeker:a
zekere	zeker:a
zekerdere	zeker:a
zekerste	zeker:a
zulke	zulk:t
zorgde	zorgen:v
zorgt	zorgen:v
zorgden	zorgen:v
zorgend	zorgen:v
gezorgd	zorgen:v
ouder	oud:a
oudst	oud:a
oude	oud:a
oudere	oud:a
oudste	oud:a
ruik	ruiken:v
ruikt	ruiken:v
roken	ruiken:v|rieken:v
ruikend	ruiken:v
geroken	ruiken:v|rieken:v
oorzaken	oorzaak:n
gemakken	gemak:n
gemakje	gemak:n
gevolgen	gevolg:n
gevolgje	gevolg:n
gronden	grond:n
grondje	grond:n
grond	gronden:v
hanen	haan:n
haantje	haan:n
herten	hert:n
hertje	hert:n
hert	hart:n
kaarten	kaart:n
kaartje	kaart:n
kaart	kaarten:v
kastje	kast:n
kisten	kist:n
kistje	kist:n
kist	kisten:v
klassen	klas:n|klasse:n
klasje	klas:n
klassetje	klasse:n
verdrietiger	verdrietig:a
verdrietigst	verdrietig:a
verdrietige	verdrietig:a
verdrietigere	verdrietig:a
verdrietigste	verdrietig:a
stommer	stom:a
stomst	stom:a
stomme	stom:a
stommere	stom:a
stomste	stom:a
stoelen	stoel:n
stoeltje	stoel:n
stoel	stoelen:v
kruizen	kruis:n
kruisen	kruis:n
kruisje	kruis:n
kruis	kruisen:v
naturen	natuur:n
loden	lood:n
loodje	lood:n
meneren	meneer:n
meneertje	meneer:n
lachje	lach:n
kuilen	kuil:n
kuiltje	kuil:n
lakens	laken:n
lakentje	laken:n
laak	laken:v
laakte	laken:v
laakt	laken:v
laakten	laken:v
lakend	laken:v
gelaakt	laken:v
laken	laak:n
manden	mand:n
mandje	mand:n
maten	maat:n|meten:v
maats	maat:n
stappen	stap:n
stapje	stap:n
stap	stappen:v
frisser	fris:a
frist	fris:a
frisse	fris:a
frissere	fris:a
friste	fris:a
frisje	fris:n
fijner	fijn:a
fijnst	fijn:a
fijne	fijn:a
fijnere	fijn:a
fijnste	fijn:a
resultaten	resultaat:n
resultaatje	resultaat:n
signalen	signaal:n
signaaltje	signaal:n
snij	snijden:v
snijd	snijden:v
sneed	snijden:v
snijdt	snijden:v
sneden	snijden:v|snee:n
snijdend	snijden:v
gesneden	snijden:v
repareer	repareren:v
repareerde	repareren:v
repareert	repareren:v
repareerden	repareren:v
reparerend	repareren:v
gerepareerd	repareren:v
verstuur	versturen:v
verstuurde	versturen:v
verstuurt	versturen:v
verstuurden	versturen:v
versturend	versturen:v
verstuurd	versturen:v
verspreid	verspreiden:v
verspreidde	verspreiden:v
verspreidt	verspreiden:v
verspreidden	verspreiden:v
verspreidend	verspreiden:v
knip	knippen:v
knipte	knippen:v
knipt	knippen:v
knipten	knippen:v
knippend	knippen:v
geknipt	knippen:v
moet	moeten:v
moest	moeten:v|moe:a
moesten	moeten:v
moetend	moeten:v
gemoeten	moeten:v
ligt	liggen:v
liggend	liggen:v
gelegen	liggen:v
welkome	welkom:a
welke	welk:t|welk:r
waarom	om:d
gebruikelijker	gebruikelijk:a
gebruikelijkst	gebruikelijk:a
gebruikelijke	gebruikelijk:a
gebruikelijkere	gebruikelijk:a
gebruikelijkste	gebruikelijk:a
herinner	herinneren:v
herinnerde	herinneren:v
herinnert	herinneren:v
herinnerden	herinneren:v
herinnerend	herinneren:v
herinnerd	herinneren:v
helderder	helder:a
helderst	helder:a
heldere	helder:a
helderdere	helder:a
helderste	helder:a
gewoner	gewoon:a
gewoonst	gewoon:a
gewone	gewoon:a
gewonere	gewoon:a
gewoonste	gewoon:a
grover	grof:a
groffer	grof:a
grofst	grof:a
grovere	grof:a
grofste	grof:a
groffe	grof:a
groffere	grof:a
gedraag	gedragen:v
gedroeg	gedragen:v
gedraagt	gedragen:v
gedroegen	gedragen:v
gedragend	gedragen:v
gedragener	gedragen:a
gedragenst	gedragen:a
gedragenste	gedragen:a
gemakkelijker	gemakkelijk:a
gemakkelijkst	gemakkelijk:a
gemakkelijke	gemakkelijk:a
gemakkelijkere	gemakkelijk:a
gemakkelijkste	gemakkelijk:a
gelijker	gelijk:a
gelijkst	gelijk:a
gelijke	gelijk:a|gelijken:v
gelijkere	gelijk:a
gelijkste	gelijk:a
gelijk	gelijken:v
geen	gene:r
vergelijkbaarder	vergelijkbaar:a
vergelijkbaarst	vergelijkbaar:a
vergelijkbare	vergelijkbaar:a
vergelijkbaardere	vergelijkbaar:a
vergelijkbaarste	vergelijkbaar:a
valser	vals:a
valst	vals:a
valse	vals:a
valsere	vals:a
valste	vals:a
lomper	lomp:a
lompst	lomp:a
lompe	lomp:a
lompere	lomp:a
lompste	lomp:a
lompen	lomp:n
sigaretten	sigaret:n
sigaretje	sigaret:n
rivieren	rivier:n
riviertje	rivier:n
aangeef	aangeven:v
aangaf	aangeven:v
aangeeft	aangeven:v
aangaven	aangeven:v
aangevend	aangeven:v
aangegeven	aangeven:v
veel	velen:v|vedel:n
verstandje	verstand:n
vergis	vergissen:v
vergiste	vergissen:v|vergisten:v
vergist	vergissen:v|vergisten:v
vergisten	vergissen:v
vergissend	vergissen:v
kranen	kraan:n
kraantje	kraan:n
vul	vullen:v
vulde	vullen:v
vult	vullen:v
vulden	vullen:v
vullend	vullen:v
gevuld	vullen:v
voorkom	voorkomen:v
voorkwam	voorkomen:v
voorkomt	voorkomen:v
voorkwamen	voorkomen:v
voorkomend	voorkomen:v
voorgekomen	voorkomen:v
voorkomens	voorkomen:n
vierkanter	vierkant:a
vierkantst	vierkant:a
vierkante	vierkant:a
vierkantere	vierkant:a
vierkantste	vierkant:a
vierkanten	vierkant:n
vierkantje	vierkant:n
successen	succes:n
succesje	succes:n
straten	straat:n
straatje	straat:n
overleden	overlijden:v
specialer	speciaal:a
speciaalst	speciaal:a
speciale	speciaal:a
specialere	speciaal:a
speciaalste	speciaal:a
vergelijkingen	vergelijking:n
vergelijkinkje	vergelijking:n
rechtvaardiger	rechtvaardig:a
rechtvaardigst	rechtvaardig:a
rechtvaardige	rechtvaardig:a|rechtvaardigen:v
rechtvaardigere	rechtvaardig:a
rechtvaardigste	rechtvaardig:a
rechtvaardig	rechtvaardigen:v
verkeerder	verkeerd:a
verkeerdst	verkeerd:a
verkeerde	verkeerd:a|verkeren:v
verkeerdere	verkeerd:a
verkeerdste	verkeerd:a
verkeerd	verkeren:v
klaarder	klaar:a
klaarst	klaar:a
klare	klaar:a
klaardere	klaar:a
klaarste	klaar:a
vouw	vouwen:v
vouwde	vouwen:v
vouwt	vouwen:v
vouwden	vouwen:v
vouwend	vouwen:v
gevouwen	vouwen:v
vouwen	vouw:n
vreemder	vreemd:a
vreemdst	vreemd:a
vreemdere	vreemd:a
vreemdste	vreemd:a
voorzie	voorzien:v
voorzag	voorzien:v
voorziet	voorzien:v
voorzagen	voorzien:v
voorziend	voorzien:v
voed	voeden:v
voedde	voeden:v
voedt	voeden:v
voedden	voeden:v
voedend	voeden:v
gevoed	voeden:v
vloeren	vloer:n
vloertje	vloer:n
vloer	vloeren:v
verschrikkelijker	verschrikkelijk:a
verschrikkelijkst	verschrikkelijk:a
verschrikkelijke	verschrikkelijk:a
verschrikkelijkere	verschrikkelijk:a
verschrikkelijkste	verschrikkelijk:a
verhogingen	verhoging:n
verhoginkje	verhoging:n
vakanties	vakantie:n
vakantietje	vakantie:n
vakken	vak:n
vakje	vak:n
margarines	margarine:n
dwale	dwalen:v
portfolio's	portfolio:n
portfoliootje	portfolio:n
pimpernellen	pimpernel:n
pimpernelletje	pimpernel:n
naak	naken:v
naakte	naken:v|naakt:a
naakt	naken:v
naakten	naken:v|naakt:n|naakte:n
nakend	naken:v
genaakt	naken:v|genaken:v
servals	serval:n
cadeaus	cadeau:n
cadeautje	cadeau:n
subalterne	subaltern:a
exordia	exordium:n
exordiums	exordium:n
mazen	maas:n
maasje	maas:n
sambals	sambal:n
Natalie	Nathalie:m
horsten	horst:n
horstje	horst:n
inwitte	inwit:a
coronavirussen	coronavirus:n
douch	douchen:v
douchte	douchen:v
doucht	douchen:v
douchten	douchen:v
douchend	douchen:v
gedoucht	douchen:v
nomineer	nomineren:v
nomineerde	nomineren:v
nomineert	nomineren:v
nomineerden	nomineren:v
nominerend	nomineren:v
genomineerd	nomineren:v
dijken	dijk:n
dijkje	dijk:n
klompen	klomp:n
klompje	klomp:n
kroegen	kroeg:n
kroegje	kroeg:n
weet	weten:v|wijten:v
wetend	weten:v
geweten	weten:v|wijten:v
weten	wijten:v|weet:n
weeg	wegen:v
woog	wegen:v
weegt	wegen:v
wogen	wegen:v
wegend	wegen:v
gewogen	wegen:v
ontbeet	ontbijten:v
ontbeten	ontbijten:v
ontbijtend	ontbijten:v
afsla	afslaan:v
afsloeg	afslaan:v
afslaat	afslaan:v
afsloegen	afslaan:v
afslaand	afslaan:v
afgeslagen	afslaan:v
genees	genezen:v
genas	genezen:v
geneest	genezen:v
genazen	genezen:v
genezend	genezen:v
streken	streek:n|strijken:v
streekje	streek:n
streek	strijken:v
jatten	jat:n
jatje	jat:n
jat	jatten:v
maquettes	maquette:n
maquettetje	maquette:n
martel	martelen:v
menhirs	menhir:n
menhirtje	menhir:n
delicatessen	delicatesse:n
dou	du:r
cortèges	cortège:n
cortègetje	cortège:n
toko's	toko:n
tokootje	toko:n
Zweden	Zweed:n
Oekraine	Oekraïne:m
Albanie	Albanië:m
lussen	lus:n
lusje	lus:n
pinne	pinnen:v
sheikhs	sheikh:n
sheikhje	sheikh:n
Parijse	Parijs:a
Colombië	Colombia:m
Belgie	België:m
schiereilanden	schiereiland:n
schiereilandje	schiereiland:n
Arabischer	Arabisch:a
Arabischt	Arabisch:a
Arabische	Arabisch:a
Arabischere	Arabisch:a
Arabischte	Arabisch:a
antarctischer	antarctisch:a
antarctischt	antarctisch:a
antarctische	antarctisch:a
antarctischere	antarctisch:a
antarctischte	antarctisch:a
ijszeeën	ijszee:n
ijszeetje	ijszee:n
noordelijker	noordelijk:a
noordelijkst	noordelijk:a
noordelijke	noordelijk:a
noordelijkere	noordelijk:a
noordelijkste	noordelijk:a
zuidelijker	zuidelijk:a
zuidelijkst	zuidelijk:a
zuidelijke	zuidelijk:a
zuidelijkere	zuidelijk:a
zuidelijkste	zuidelijk:a
arctischer	arctisch:a
arctischt	arctisch:a
arctische	arctisch:a
arctischere	arctisch:a
arctischte	arctisch:a
zuidpolen	zuidpool:n
zuidpooltje	zuidpool:n
noordpolen	noordpool:n
noordpooltje	noordpool:n
Amerikaanser	Amerikaans:a
Amerikaanst	Amerikaans:a
Amerikaanse	Amerikaans:a
Amerikaansere	Amerikaans:a
Amerikaanste	Amerikaans:a
overkanten	overkant:n
overkantje	overkant:n
steeds	stads:a
overzijden	overzijde:n
overzijdes	overzijde:n
overzijdetje	overzijde:n
ideogrammen	ideogram:n
ideogrammetje	ideogram:n
tjalken	tjalk:n
tjalkje	tjalk:n
ontvang	ontvangen:v
ontving	ontvangen:v
ontvangt	ontvangen:v
ontvingen	ontvangen:v
ontvangend	ontvangen:v
flauwval	flauwvallen:v
flauwviel	flauwvallen:v
flauwvalt	flauwvallen:v
flauwvielen	flauwvallen:v
flauwvallend	flauwvallen:v
flauwgevallen	flauwvallen:v
bespreek	bespreken:v
besprak	bespreken:v
bespreekt	bespreken:v
bespraken	bespreken:v
besprekend	bespreken:v
besproken	bespreken:v
mengsels	mengsel:n
mengseltje	mengsel:n
avondklokken	avondklok:n
avondklokje	avondklok:n
stoomboten	stoomboot:n
stoombootje	stoomboot:n
tikfouten	tikfout:n
tikfoutje	tikfout:n
tulpen	tulp:n
tulpje	tulp:n
windmolens	windmolen:n
windmolentje	windmolen:n
kruidnagelen	kruidnagel:n
kruidnagels	kruidnagel:n
kruidnageltje	kruidnagel:n
binnenkanten	binnenkant:n
binnenkantje	binnenkant:n
donaties	donatie:n
donatietje	donatie:n
typfouten	typfout:n
typfoutje	typfout:n
typefout	typfout:n
aanstekers	aansteker:n
aanstekertje	aansteker:n
aardbeien	aardbei:n
aardbeitje	aardbei:n
abrikozen	abrikoos:n
abrikoosje	abrikoos:n
accu's	accu:n
accuutje	accu:n
achternamen	achternaam:n
achternaampje	achternaam:n
aders	ader:n
aderen	ader:n
adertje	ader:n
asbakken	asbak:n
asbakje	asbak:n
dokters	dokter:n
doktoren	dokter:n
doktertje	dokter:n
bananen	banaan:n
banaantje	banaan:n
boters	boter:n
botertje	boter:n
brillen	bril:n
brilletje	bril:n
grachten	gracht:n
grachtje	gracht:n
naaimachines	naaimachine:n
naaimachientje	naaimachine:n
naaimachinetje	naaimachine:n
peetooms	peetoom:n
peetoompje	peetoom:n
thuiskom	thuiskomen:v
thuiskwam	thuiskomen:v
thuiskomt	thuiskomen:v
thuiskwamen	thuiskomen:v
thuiskomend	thuiskomen:v
thuisgekomen	thuiskomen:v
deugden	deugd:n|deugen:v
bekijk	bekijken:v
bekeek	bekijken:v
bekijkt	bekijken:v
bekeken	bekijken:v
bekijkend	bekijken:v
installeer	installeren:v
installeerde	installeren:v
installeert	installeren:v
installeerden	installeren:v
installerend	installeren:v
geïnstalleerd	installeren:v
haaien	haai:n
haaitje	haai:n
haaier	haai:a
haaist	haai:a
jurken	jurk:n
jurkje	jurk:n
kussen	kus:n
kusje	kus:n
kus	kussen:v
marmer	marmeren:v
muizen	muis:n
muisje	muis:n
paleizen	paleis:n
paleisje	paleis:n
baarden	baard:n|baren:v
baardje	baard:n
snorren	snor:n
snorretje	snor:n
snor	snorren:v
zolen	zool:n
zooltje	zool:n
zool	zolen:v
zweet	zweten:v
zalmen	zalm:n
zalmpje	zalm:n
aanbied	aanbieden:v
aanbood	aanbieden:v
aanbiedt	aanbieden:v
aanboden	aanbieden:v
aanbiedend	aanbieden:v
aangeboden	aanbieden:v
hartaanvallen	hartaanval:n
hartaanvalletje	hartaanval:n
aanvallers	aanvaller:n
aanvallertje	aanvaller:n
afspraakjes	afspraakje:n
afspreek	afspreken:v
afsprak	afspreken:v
afspreekt	afspreken:v
afsprekend	afspreken:v
afgesproken	afspreken:v
schuldiger	schuldig:a
schuldigst	schuldig:a
schuldige	schuldig:a
schuldigere	schuldig:a
schuldigste	schuldig:a
onschuldiger	onschuldig:a
onschuldigst	onschuldig:a
onschuldige	onschuldig:a
onschuldigere	onschuldig:a
onschuldigste	onschuldig:a
werkloos	werkeloos:a
onzekerder	onzeker:a
onzekerst	onzeker:a
onzekere	onzeker:a
onzekerdere	onzeker:a
onzekerste	onzeker:a
verdomde	verdomd:a|verdommen:v
verdomd	verdommen:v
kenmerkend	kenmerken:v
kenmerkender	kenmerkend:a
kenmerkendst	kenmerkend:a
kenmerkende	kenmerkend:a
kenmerkendere	kenmerkend:a
kenmerkendste	kenmerkend:a
teleurstellender	teleurstellend:a
teleurstellendst	teleurstellend:a
teleurstellende	teleurstellend:a
teleurstellendere	teleurstellend:a
teleurstellendste	teleurstellend:a
teleurstellend	teleurstellen:v
onafhankelijker	onafhankelijk:a
onafhankelijkst	onafhankelijk:a
onafhankelijke	onafhankelijk:a
onafhankelijkere	onafhankelijk:a
onafhankelijkste	onafhankelijk:a
illegaler	illegaal:a
illegaalst	illegaal:a
illegale	illegaal:a
illegalere	illegaal:a
illegaalste	illegaal:a
illegalen	illegaal:n
illegaaltje	illegaal:n
legaler	legaal:a
legaalst	legaal:a
legale	legaal:a
legalere	legaal:a
legaalste	legaal:a
betoverender	betoverend:a
betoverendst	betoverend:a
betoverende	betoverend:a
betoverendere	betoverend:a
betoverendste	betoverend:a
betoverend	betoveren:v
ongelooflijker	ongelooflijk:a
ongelooflijkst	ongelooflijk:a
ongelooflijke	ongelooflijk:a
ongelooflijkere	ongelooflijk:a
ongelooflijkste	ongelooflijk:a
ontroostbaarder	ontroostbaar:a
ontroostbaarst	ontroostbaar:a
ontroostbare	ontroostbaar:a
ontroostbaardere	ontroostbaar:a
ontroostbaarste	ontroostbaar:a
wekelijkse	wekelijks:a
dagelijkse	dagelijks:a
saaier	saai:a
saaist	saai:a
saaie	saai:a
saaiere	saai:a
saaiste	saai:a
boterhammen	boterham:n
boterhammetje	boterham:n
hoopte	hopen:v
hoopt	hopen:v
hoopten	hopen:v
hopend	hopen:v
gehoopt	hopen:v
kleed	kleden:v
kleedde	kleden:v
kleedt	kleden:v
kleedden	kleden:v
kledend	kleden:v
gekleed	kleden:v
kleden	kleed:n
liet	laten:v
lieten	laten:v
latend	laten:v
gelaten	laten:v|gelaat:n
lijkt	lijken:v
lijkend	lijken:v
geleken	lijken:v|gelijken:v
markeer	markeren:v
markeerde	markeren:v
markeert	markeren:v
markeerden	markeren:v
markerend	markeren:v
gemarkeerd	markeren:v
moord	moorden:v
moordde	moorden:v
moordt	moorden:v
moordden	moorden:v
moordend	moorden:v
gemoord	moorden:v
moorden	moord:n
miste	missen:v|misten:v
missend	missen:v
gemist	missen:v|misten:v
ontmoet	ontmoeten:v
ontmoette	ontmoeten:v
ontmoetten	ontmoeten:v
ontmoetend	ontmoeten:v
ontwikkel	ontwikkelen:v
ontwikkelde	ontwikkelen:v
ontwikkelt	ontwikkelen:v
ontwikkelden	ontwikkelen:v
ontwikkelend	ontwikkelen:v
ontwikkeld	ontwikkelen:v
overeenkom	overeenkomen:v
overeenkwam	overeenkomen:v
overeenkomt	overeenkomen:v
overeenkwamen	overeenkomen:v
overeenkomend	overeenkomen:v
overeengekomen	overeenkomen:v
overval	overvallen:v
overviel	overvallen:v
overvalt	overvallen:v
overvielen	overvallen:v
overvallend	overvallen:v
overvallen	overval:n
passeer	passeren:v
passeerde	passeren:v
passeert	passeren:v
passeerden	passeren:v
passerend	passeren:v
gepasseerd	passeren:v
presenteer	presenteren:v
presenteerde	presenteren:v
presenteert	presenteren:v
presenteerden	presenteren:v
presenterend	presenteren:v
gepresenteerd	presenteren:v
reik	reiken:v
reikte	reiken:v
reikt	reiken:v
reikten	reiken:v
reikend	reiken:v
gereikt	reiken:v
rijs	rijzen:v|rijst:n
rijzend	rijzen:v
rijzen	rijs:n
schets	schetsen:v
schetste	schetsen:v
schetst	schetsen:v
schetsten	schetsen:v
schetsend	schetsen:v
geschetst	schetsen:v
schetsen	schets:n
schijn	schijnen:v
scheen	schijnen:v
schijnt	schijnen:v
schenen	schijnen:v|scheen:n
schijnend	schijnen:v
geschenen	schijnen:v
schud	schudden:v
schudde	schudden:v
schudt	schudden:v
schuddend	schudden:v
geschud	schudden:v
vazallen	vazal:n
vazalletje	vazal:n
sluit	sluiten:v
sloot	sluiten:v
sluitend	sluiten:v
gesloten	sluiten:v
verbied	verbieden:v
verbood	verbieden:v
verbiedt	verbieden:v
verboden	verbieden:v|verbod:n
verbiedend	verbieden:v
stond	staan:v
stonden	staan:v|stond:n
staand	staan:v
gestaan	staan:v
zoutte	zouten:v
zoutten	zouten:v
zoutend	zouten:v
gezouten	zouten:v
snuit	snuiten:v
snoot	snuiten:v
snoten	snuiten:v
snuitend	snuiten:v
gesnoten	snuiten:v
snuiten	snuit:n
bakte	bakken:v
bakt	bakken:v
bakten	bakken:v
bakkend	bakken:v
gebakken	bakken:v
invries	invriezen:v
invroor	invriezen:v
invriest	invriezen:v
invroren	invriezen:v
invriezend	invriezen:v
ingevroren	invriezen:v
opsta	opstaan:v
opstond	opstaan:v
opstaat	opstaan:v
opstonden	opstaan:v
opstaand	opstaan:v
opgestaan	opstaan:v
stijg	stijgen:v
steeg	stijgen:v
stijgt	stijgen:v
stegen	stijgen:v|steeg:n
stijgend	stijgen:v
gestegen	stijgen:v
stijgen	stijg:n
heette	heten:v
heetten	heten:v
hetend	heten:v
geheten	heten:v
geheet	heten:v
opstijg	opstijgen:v
opsteeg	opstijgen:v
opstijgt	opstijgen:v
opstegen	opstijgen:v
opstijgend	opstijgen:v
opgestegen	opstijgen:v
behang	behangen:v
behing	behangen:v
behangt	behangen:v
behingen	behangen:v
behangend	behangen:v
braad	braden:v
braadde	braden:v
braadt	braden:v
braadden	braden:v
bradend	braden:v
gebraden	braden:v
hing	hangen:v
hangt	hangen:v
hingen	hangen:v
hangend	hangen:v
gehangen	hangen:v
verloop	verlopen:v
verliep	verlopen:v
verloopt	verlopen:v
verliepen	verlopen:v
verlopend	verlopen:v
opkom	opkomen:v
opkwam	opkomen:v
opkomt	opkomen:v
opkwamen	opkomen:v
opkomend	opkomen:v
opgekomen	opkomen:v
voorschrijf	voorschrijven:v
voorschreef	voorschrijven:v
voorschrijft	voorschrijven:v
voorschreven	voorschrijven:v
voorschrijvend	voorschrijven:v
voorgeschreven	voorschrijven:v
uitzend	uitzenden:v
uitzond	uitzenden:v
uitzendt	uitzenden:v
uitzonden	uitzenden:v
uitzendend	uitzenden:v
uitgezonden	uitzenden:v
uitkom	uitkomen:v
uitkwam	uitkomen:v
uitkomt	uitkomen:v
uitkwamen	uitkomen:v
uitkomend	uitkomen:v
uitgekomen	uitkomen:v
oversteek	oversteken:v
overstak	oversteken:v
oversteekt	oversteken:v
overstaken	oversteken:v
overstekend	oversteken:v
overgestoken	oversteken:v
onderga	ondergaan:v
onderging	ondergaan:v
ondergaat	ondergaan:v
ondergingen	ondergaan:v
ondergaand	ondergaan:v
ondergegaan	ondergaan:v
omsla	omslaan:v
omsloeg	omslaan:v
omslaat	omslaan:v
omsloegen	omslaan:v
omslaand	omslaan:v
omgeslagen	omslaan:v
aanbak	aanbakken:v
aanbakte	aanbakken:v
aanbakt	aanbakken:v
aanbakten	aanbakken:v
aanbakkend	aanbakken:v
aangebakken	aanbakken:v
aansteek	aansteken:v
aanstak	aansteken:v
aansteekt	aansteken:v
aanstaken	aansteken:v
aanstekend	aansteken:v
aangestoken	aansteken:v
typ	typen:v
typte	typen:v
typt	typen:v
typten	typen:v
typend	typen:v
getypt	typen:v
koto's	koto:n
celesta's	celesta:n
toreadors	toreador:n
totems	totem:n
totempje	totem:n
gemeenzamer	gemeenzaam:a
gemeenzaamst	gemeenzaam:a
gemeenzame	gemeenzaam:a
gemeenzamere	gemeenzaam:a
gemeenzaamste	gemeenzaam:a
informeler	informeel:a
informeelst	informeel:a
informele	informeel:a
informelere	informeel:a
informeelste	informeel:a
brevetten	brevet:n
brevets	brevet:n
remises	remise:n
remisetje	remise:n
reprises	reprise:n
plastrons	plastron:n
muskusratten	muskusrat:n
muskusratje	muskusrat:n
matrijzen	matrijs:n
matrijsje	matrijs:n
honkballen	honkbal:n
honkballetje	honkbal:n
honkbal	honkballen:v
koeriers	koerier:n
koeriertje	koerier:n
komkommers	komkommer:n
komkommertje	komkommer:n
barrières	barrière:n
barrièretje	barrière:n
ikke	ik:r
epochen	epoche:n
poncho's	poncho:n
ponchootje	poncho:n
multinationals	multinational:n
multinationaltje	multinational:n
multinationalletje	multinational:n
rompen	romp:n
rompje	romp:n
Hottentotten	Hottentot:n
Hottentotje	Hottentot:n
salons	salon:n
salonnetje	salon:n
consuls	consul:n
pooiers	pooier:n
pooiertje	pooier:n
orgasmen	orgasme:n
orgasmes	orgasme:n
orgasmetje	orgasme:n
acrolecten	acrolect:n
acrolectje	acrolect:n
knotsen	knots:n
knotsje	knots:n
knotser	knots:a
knotst	knots:a
knotse	knots:a
knotsere	knots:a
knotste	knots:a
energieën	energie:n
discussen	discus:n
discusje	discus:n
barser	bars:a
barse	bars:a
barsere	bars:a
sitsje	sits:n
panther	panter:n
maaltje	maal:n
tetten	tet:n
tetje	tet:n
tets	tet:n
wagens	wagen:n
wagentje	wagen:n
waagde	wagen:v
waagt	wagen:v
waagden	wagen:v
wagend	wagen:v
gewaagd	wagen:v|gewagen:v
diligences	diligence:n
movers	mover:n
movertje	mover:n
etsen	ets:n
etsje	ets:n
stevens	steven:n
steventje	steven:n
Portugesen	Portugese:n
Portugeesje	Portugese:n|Portugees:n
Portugese	Portugees:a
aas	azen:v
azen	aas:n
aasje	aas:n
irritanter	irritant:a
irritantst	irritant:a
irritante	irritant:a
irritantere	irritant:a
irritantste	irritant:a
limpio	limpido:d
consequente	consequent:a
sultans	sultan:n
mamzers	mamzer:n
mamzeirem	mamzer:n
promenades	promenade:n
promenaden	promenade:n
grom	grommen:v
tribunes	tribune:n
tribunetje	tribune:n
illustratoren	illustrator:n
illustrators	illustrator:n
illustratortje	illustrator:n
welt	wellen:v
bezen	bees:n
bezeke	bees:n
oligarchen	oligarch:n
oligarchje	oligarch:n
paperbacks	paperback:n
paperbackje	paperback:n
stek	stok:n
stekken	stek:n
stekje	stek:n
abcessen	abces:n
abcesje	abces:n
cannelures	cannelure:n
canneluretje	cannelure:n
discoursen	discours:n
discoursje	discours:n
heelde	helen:v
heelt	helen:v
heelden	helen:v
helend	helen:v
geheeld	helen:v
birdies	birdie:n
augustussen	augustus:n
prelaten	prelaat:n
prelaatje	prelaat:n|prela:n
kerkvorsten	kerkvorst:n
sjambokken	sjambok:n
sjambokje	sjambok:n
tamarins	tamarin:n
tamarinnetje	tamarin:n
gangrene	gangreen:n
stomper	stomp:a
stompst	stomp:a
stompe	stomp:a|stompen:v
stompere	stomp:a
stompste	stomp:a
stompen	stomp:n
stompje	stomp:n
stomp	stompen:v
typisten	typist:n
flashbacks	flashback:n
flashbackje	flashback:n
dimmers	dimmer:n
cakewalks	cakewalk:n
cakewalk	cakewalken:v
biathlon	biatlon:n
rebelser	rebels:a
rebelst	rebels:a
rebelsere	rebels:a
rebelste	rebels:a
blokkades	blokkade:n
blokkaden	blokkade:n
blokkadetje	blokkade:n
horren	hor:n
horretje	hor:n
choco's	choco:n
chocootje	choco:n
overlaad	overladen:v
overlaadde	overladen:v
overlaadt	overladen:v
overlaadden	overladen:v
overladend	overladen:v
overgeladen	overladen:v
doperse	dopers:a
dopers	doper:n
zwanzers	zwanzer:n
zwanzertje	zwanzer:n
dutten	dut:n
dutje	dut:n
dut	dutten:v
bonen	boon:n
boontje	boon:n
necropolissen	necropolis:n
honken	honk:n
honkje	honk:n
exodussen	exodus:n
exodusje	exodus:n
kos	kus:n
uittochten	uittocht:n
uittochtje	uittocht:n
lolliger	lollig:a
lolligst	lollig:a
lollige	lollig:a
lolligere	lollig:a
lolligste	lollig:a
roep	roepen:v
roept	roepen:v
riepen	roepen:v
roepend	roepen:v
geroepen	roepen:v
roepen	roep:n
stopte	stoppen:v
stopt	stoppen:v
stopten	stoppen:v
stoppend	stoppen:v
gestopt	stoppen:v
wek	wekken:v
wekte	wekken:v
wekt	wekken:v
wekten	wekken:v
wekkend	wekken:v
gewekt	wekken:v
smaakte	smaken:v
smaakt	smaken:v
smaakten	smaken:v
smakend	smaken:v
gesmaakt	smaken:v
scheidbaarder	scheidbaar:a
scheidbaarst	scheidbaar:a
scheidbare	scheidbaar:a
scheidbaardere	scheidbaar:a
scheidbaarste	scheidbaar:a
achtte	achten:v
achtten	achten:v
achtend	achten:v
geacht	achten:v
prosecco's	prosecco:n
proseccootje	prosecco:n
leggingen	legging:n
legginkje	legging:n
leggings	legging:n
handlangers	handlanger:n
handlangertje	handlanger:n
baar	baren:v
baarde	baren:v
baart	baren:v
barend	baren:v
gebaard	baren:v|gebaren:v
baren	baar:n
worstelaars	worstelaar:n
worstelaartje	worstelaar:n
slaafje	slaaf:n
sigaren	sigaar:n
sigaartje	sigaar:n
shutters	shutter:n
shuttertje	shutter:n
campings	camping:n
campinkje	camping:n
sikhs	sikh:n
luizen	luis:n
luisje	luis:n
luis	luizen:v
timings	timing:n
sis	sissen:v
verassen	verrassen:v
veras	verassen:v
veraste	verassen:v
verast	verassen:v
verasten	verassen:v
verassend	verassen:v
debriefings	debriefing:n
interner	intern:a
internst	intern:a
interne	intern:a
internere	intern:a
internste	intern:a
rookte	roken:v
rookt	roken:v|ruiken:v|rieken:v
rookten	roken:v
rokend	roken:v
gerookt	roken:v
sneakyer	sneaky:a
sneakyere	sneaky:a
sneakyste	sneaky:a
juristen	jurist:n
juristje	jurist:n
wringt	wringen:v
wringend	wringen:v
gewrongen	wringen:v
sponsors	sponsor:n
sponsoren	sponsor:n
sponsortje	sponsor:n
sponsor	sponsoren:v
floristen	florist:n
floristje	florist:n
drummers	drummer:n
drummertje	drummer:n
conditioners	conditioner:n
proffen	prof:n
profje	prof:n
profs	prof:n
manicure	manicuren:v
scooters	scooter:n
scootertje	scooter:n
sympathieën	sympathie:n
carronades	carronade:n
onderteken	ondertekenen:v
ondertekende	ondertekenen:v
ondertekent	ondertekenen:v
ondertekenden	ondertekenen:v
ondertekenend	ondertekenen:v
ondertekend	ondertekenen:v
zuig	zuigen:v
zoog	zuigen:v|zogen:v|zeug:n
zuigt	zuigen:v
zogen	zuigen:v
zuigend	zuigen:v
gezogen	zuigen:v
waffels	waffel:n
waffeltje	waffel:n
vuurwapens	vuurwapen:n
vuurwapentje	vuurwapen:n
egels	egel:n
egeltje	egel:n
hogepriesters	hogepriester:n
hogepriesteren	hogepriester:n
hogepriestertje	hogepriester:n
Samuël	Samuel:m
trekkers	trekker:n
trekkertje	trekker:n
instantons	instanton:n
instantonnetje	instanton:n
vizieren	vizier:n
viziertje	vizier:n
viziers	vizier:n
meervouden	meervoud:n
ringwormen	ringworm:n
ijsje	ijs:n
ijs	ijzen:v
duiven	duif:n
duifje	duif:n
affaires	affaire:n
affairtje	affaire:n
flagranter	flagrant:a
flagrantst	flagrant:a
flagrante	flagrant:a
flagrantere	flagrant:a
flagrantste	flagrant:a
kere	keren:v
irredentisten	irredentist:n
pomelo's	pomelo:n
pomelootje	pomelo:n
cenotes	cenote:n
onden	onde:n
ondje	onde:n
mede	mijden:v
rooibossen	rooibos:n
rooibosje	rooibos:n
quaestoren	quaestor:n
quaestors	quaestor:n
quaestores	quaestor:n
quaestortje	quaestor:n
syncopes	syncope:n
syncopetje	syncope:n
pallets	pallet:n
palletten	pallet:n
drinkers	drinker:n
doller	dol:a
dolst	dol:a
dolle	dol:a|dollen:v
dollere	dol:a
dolste	dol:a
dollen	dol:n
dolletje	dol:n
dol	dollen:v
z'n	zijn:t
zelfstandiger	zelfstandig:a
zelfstandigst	zelfstandig:a
zelfstandige	zelfstandig:a
zelfstandigere	zelfstandig:a
zelfstandigste	zelfstandig:a
naamwoorden	naamwoord:n
naamwoordje	naamwoord:n
Latijnser	Latijns:a
Latijnst	Latijns:a
Latijnse	Latijns:a
Latijnsere	Latijns:a
Latijnste	Latijns:a
kunne	kunnen:v
fantasieën	fantasie:n
fantasietje	fantasie:n
realisten	realist:n
realistje	realist:n
peetvaders	peetvader:n
peetvadertje	peetvader:n
scrips	scrip:n
abdijen	abdij:n
abdijtje	abdij:n
aanhangsels	aanhangsel:n
aanhangselen	aanhangsel:n
aanhangseltje	aanhangsel:n
aarden	aard:n
aardje	aard:n
aard	aarden:v|aarde:n
modussen	modus:n
modi	modus:n
modusje	modus:n
afbeeldingen	afbeelding:n
afbeeldinkje	afbeelding:n
carbonades	carbonade:n
carbonaadje	carbonade:n
carbonadetje	carbonade:n
tricola	tricolon:n
edelgesteenten	edelgesteente:n
edelgesteentes	edelgesteente:n
beheerders	beheerder:n
beheerdertje	beheerder:n
draaikonten	draaikont:n
draaikontje	draaikont:n
bastaardwoorden	bastaardwoord:n
bastaardwoordje	bastaardwoord:n
doeken	doek:n
doekje	doek:n
coffeeshops	coffeeshop:n
coffeeshopje	coffeeshop:n
flitspuiten	flitspuit:n
flitspuitje	flitspuit:n
genever	jenever:n
grijsaarden	grijsaard:n
grijsaardje	grijsaard:n
oosterser	oosters:a
oosterst	oosters:a
oosterse	oosters:a
oostersere	oosters:a
oosterste	oosters:a
vechthanen	vechthaan:n
vechthaantje	vechthaan:n
dragelijker	dragelijk:a
dragelijkst	dragelijk:a
dragelijke	dragelijk:a
dragelijkere	dragelijk:a
dragelijkste	dragelijk:a
jenevers	jenever:n
jenevertje	jenever:n
kemphanen	kemphaan:n
kemphaantje	kemphaan:n
draaglijk	dragelijk:a
geruchten	gerucht:n
geruchtje	gerucht:n
lengten	lengte:n
lengtes	lengte:n
lengtetje	lengte:n
pyxiden	pyxis:n
pyxissen	pyxis:n
pyxisje	pyxis:n
stewardessen	stewardess:n
decors	decor:n
decortje	decor:n
providers	provider:n
vromer	vroom:a
vroomst	vroom:a
vrome	vroom:a
vromere	vroom:a
vroomste	vroom:a
commandanten	commandant:n
commandantje	commandant:n
riffs	riff:n
riffje	riff:n
morse	morsecode:n|morsen:v
maîtres	maître:n
maîtretje	maître:n
Septuagint	Septuaginta:m
hotdogs	hotdog:n
hotdogje	hotdog:n
friezen	fries:n
friesje	fries:n
toppings	topping:n
snippen	snip:n
snipje	snip:n
winterser	winters:a
winterst	winters:a
winterse	winters:a
wintersere	winters:a
winterste	winters:a
blubber	blubberen:v
coupletten	couplet:n
coupletje	couplet:n
pacemakers	pacemaker:n
pacemakertje	pacemaker:n
time	timen:v
timede	timen:v
timet	timen:v
timeden	timen:v
timend	timen:v
getimed	timen:v
moslims	moslim:n
moslimmetje	moslim:n
Indië	Nederlands-Indië:m
aartje	aar:n
aar	ader:n
conformisten	conformist:n
conformistje	conformist:n
evenwijdiger	evenwijdig:a
evenwijdigst	evenwijdig:a
evenwijdige	evenwijdig:a
evenwijdigere	evenwijdig:a
evenwijdigste	evenwijdig:a
credo's	credo:n
credootje	credo:n
fok	fokken:v
fokte	fokken:v
fokt	fokken:v
fokten	fokken:v
fokkend	fokken:v
gefokt	fokken:v
fokken	fok:n
jap	Jap:n
wenkbrauwen	wenkbrauw:n
wenkbrauwtje	wenkbrauw:n
wimpers	wimper:n
wimpertje	wimper:n
flote	fluiten:v
toppers	topper:n
toppertje	topper:n
gymnasten	gymnast:n
gymnastje	gymnast:n
eikels	eikel:n
eikeltje	eikel:n
lotussen	lotus:n
lotusje	lotus:n
pizzeria's	pizzeria:n
pizzeriaatje	pizzeria:n
hydranten	hydrant:n
hydrantje	hydrant:n
crematoria	crematorium:n
crematoriums	crematorium:n
crematoriumpje	crematorium:n
pointes	pointe:n
columnisten	columnist:n
columnistje	columnist:n
nen	ne:t
cellen	cel:n
celletje	cel:n
slushes	slush:n
scampi's	scampi:n
scampietje	scampi:n
bassisten	bassist:n
bassistje	bassist:n
enorme	enorm:a
electronica	elektronica:n
chihuahua's	chihuahua:n
piri-piri's	piri-piri:n
symbionten	symbiont:n
soulmates	soulmate:n
soulmateje	soulmate:n
perfectionisten	perfectionist:n
perfectionistje	perfectionist:n
ontvangstbewijzen	ontvangstbewijs:n
ontvangstbewijsje	ontvangstbewijs:n
garçons	garçon:n
garçontje	garçon:n
deliria	delirium:n
deliriums	delirium:n
deliriumpje	delirium:n
halten	halte:n
fatten	fat:n
canasta's	canasta:n
barmannen	barman:n
Uw	uw:t
gij	gei:n
'k	ik:r
intrest	interest:n
pessimisten	pessimist:n
pessimistje	pessimist:n
ment	mennen:v
finalisten	finalist:n
finalistje	finalist:n
aanvangen	aanvang:n
aanvangetje	aanvang:n
overwin	overwinnen:v
overwon	overwinnen:v
overwint	overwinnen:v
overwonnen	overwinnen:v
overwinnend	overwinnen:v
ingericht	inrichten:v
inricht	inrichten:v
inrichtte	inrichten:v
inrichtten	inrichten:v
inrichtend	inrichten:v
palen	paal:n
paaltje	paal:n
paler	paal:a
paalst	paal:a
pale	paal:a
palere	paal:a
paalste	paal:a
paal	palen:v
lette	letten:v
lettend	letten:v
gelet	letten:v
bekoringen	bekoring:n
bekorinkje	bekoring:n
haastte	haasten:v
smeekte	smeken:v
troost	troosten:v
troostte	troosten:v
troostten	troosten:v
troostend	troosten:v
getroost	troosten:v
smeek	smeken:v
smeekt	smeken:v
smeekten	smeken:v
smekend	smeken:v
gesmeekt	smeken:v
haastten	haasten:v
haastend	haasten:v
gehaast	haasten:v
zakte	zakken:v
zakt	zakken:v
zakten	zakken:v
zakkend	zakken:v
gezakt	zakken:v
achtergronden	achtergrond:n
achtergrondje	achtergrond:n
push-ups	push-up:n
Berbers	Berber:n
achtergrondkleuren	achtergrondkleur:n
achtergrondkleurtje	achtergrondkleur:n
aanvang	aanvangen:v
aanving	aanvangen:v
aanvangt	aanvangen:v
aanvingen	aanvangen:v
aanvangend	aanvangen:v
aangevangen	aanvangen:v
vierden	vierde:n|vieren:v
vierde	vieren:v
tienden	tiende:n
manker	mank:a
mankst	mank:a
manke	mank:a
mankere	mank:a|mankeren:v
mankste	mank:a
imperialisten	imperialist:n
imperialistje	imperialist:n
myriameters	myriameter:n
laze	lezen:v
reien	rei:n
reitje	rei:n
couranter	courant:a
courantst	courant:a
courante	courant:a
courantere	courant:a
courantste	courant:a
couranten	courant:n
courant	krant:n
honoraria	honorarium:n
equalizers	equalizer:n
lifters	lifter:n
liftertje	lifter:n
mastaba's	mastaba:n
wellen	wel:n
welletje	wel:n
wel	wellen:v
chronometers	chronometer:n
odeurs	odeur:n
odeurtje	odeur:n
harkte	harken:v
harkt	harken:v
harkten	harken:v
harkend	harken:v
geharkt	harken:v
kevers	kever:n
kevertje	kever:n
zengen	zeng:n
zengetje	zeng:n
zeng	zengen:v
kappen	kap:n
kapje	kap:n
kap	kappen:v
spahi's	spahi:n
spahietje	spahi:n
rakken	rak:n
rakje	rak:n
allen	alle:r
torero's	torero:n
korren	kor:n
korretje	kor:n
karren	kar:n
karretje	kar:n
stook	stoken:v
streel	strelen:v
vente	venten:v
syrinxen	syrinx:n
syringes	syrinx:n
bila	bilateraal:n
keringen	kering:n
kerinkje	kering:n
vodden	vod:n
vodje	vod:n
dagboeken	dagboek:n
dagboekje	dagboek:n
krammen	kram:n
krammetje	kram:n
cabines	cabine:n
cabinetje	cabine:n
cabientje	cabine:n
kas	kassa:n
kassen	kas:n
kasje	kas:n
metselaars	metselaar:n
metselaartje	metselaar:n
kullen	kul:n
kulletje	kul:n
tele	telen:v
mulatten	mulat:n
mulatje	mulat:n
inga	ingaan:v
lellen	lel:n
lelletje	lel:n
magnetrons	magnetron:n
magnetronnetje	magnetron:n
stoppers	stopper:n
stoppertje	stopper:n
tengerder	tenger:a
tengerst	tenger:a
tengere	tenger:a
tengerdere	tenger:a
tengerste	tenger:a
conga's	conga:n
chauvinisten	chauvinist:n
chauvinistje	chauvinist:n
classeurs	classeur:n
classeurtje	classeur:n
bol	bollen:v
bolde	bollen:v
bolt	bollen:v
bolden	bollen:v
bollend	bollen:v
gebold	bollen:v
dolkte	dolken:v
dolkt	dolken:v
dolkten	dolken:v
dolkend	dolken:v
gedolkt	dolken:v
hakken	hak:n
hakje	hak:n
hak	hakken:v
mollen	mol:n
molletje	mol:n
molen	mol:n
pauken	pauk:n
paukje	pauk:n
makker	mak:a
makst	mak:a
mak	makken:v
overrule	overrulen:v
koren	koor:n
koortje	koor:n
gom	gum:n
gommen	gom:n
gommetje	gom:n
nevelen	nevel:n
nevels	nevel:n
neveltje	nevel:n
ritten	rit:n
ritje	rit:n
rit	ritten:v
narren	nar:n
narretje	nar:n
gemeten	gemet:n|meten:v
gemetje	gemet:n
kilst	kil:a
kille	kil:a|kil:n
killere	kil:a
kilste	kil:a
killen	kil:n
killetje	kil:n|kille:n
aasde	azen:v
aast	azen:v
aasden	azen:v
azend	azen:v
geaasd	azen:v
kapseis	kapseizen:v
kapseisde	kapseizen:v
kapseist	kapseizen:v
kapseisden	kapseizen:v
kapseizend	kapseizen:v
gekapseisd	kapseizen:v
peten	peet:n
peetje	peet:n
volken	volk:n
volkeren	volk:n
volkje	volk:n
heinen	hein:n
heintje	hein:n
konten	kont:n
kontje	kont:n
gille	gillen:v
ebde	ebben:v
ebt	ebben:v
ebden	ebben:v
ebbend	ebben:v
geëbd	ebben:v
rassen	ras:n
rasje	ras:n
rasser	ras:a
rast	ras:a
rasse	ras:a
rassere	ras:a
raste	ras:a
monarchisten	monarchist:n
katte	katten:v
kattend	katten:v
gekat	katten:v
kantte	kanten:v
kantten	kanten:v
kantend	kanten:v
gekant	kanten:v
tomen	toom:n
toompje	toom:n
dwergen	dwerg:n
dwergje	dwerg:n
tegels	tegel:n
tegeltje	tegel:n
tuigen	tuig:n
tuigje	tuig:n
tuig	tuigen:v
bloter	bloot:a
blootst	bloot:a
blote	bloot:a
blotere	bloot:a
blootste	bloot:a
blootje	bloot:n
hertogen	hertog:n
hertogje	hertog:n
metend	meten:v
stampers	stamper:n
stampertje	stamper:n
lederhosen	lederhose:n
groeten	groet:n
groetje	groet:n
groet	groeten:v
schootje	schoot:n
vlotter	vlot:a
vlotst	vlot:a
vlotte	vlot:a|vlotten:v
vlottere	vlot:a
vlotste	vlot:a
vlotten	vlot:n
vlotje	vlot:n
vlot	vlotten:v
vloeden	vloed:n
vloedje	vloed:n
goot	gieten:v
goten	gieten:v|goot:n
gietend	gieten:v
gegoten	gieten:v
groette	groeten:v
groetten	groeten:v
groetend	groeten:v
gegroet	groeten:v
schotels	schotel:n
schoteltje	schotel:n
vatte	vatten:v
vattend	vatten:v
gevat	vatten:v
coupés	coupé:n
coupeetje	coupé:n
integraties	integratie:n
satés	saté:n
sateetje	saté:n
chemises	chemise:n
chemisetje	chemise:n
pyjama's	pyjama:n
pyjamaatje	pyjama:n
mont	mond:n
fissen	fis:n
fisje	fis:n
faisant	fazant:n
rupiah	roepia:n
amaretto's	amaretto:n
amarettootje	amaretto:n
kronen	kroon:n
kroontje	kroon:n
kroon	kronen:v
stuivers	stuiver:n
stuivertje	stuiver:n
dubbeltjes	dubbeltje:n
kwartje	kwart:n
kwartjes	kwartje:n
pieken	piek:n
piekje	piek:n
piek	pieken:v
rijksdaalders	rijksdaalder:n
rijksdaaldertje	rijksdaalder:n
vijfjes	vijfje:n
tientjes	tientje:n
geeltjes	geeltje:n
zonnebloemen	zonnebloem:n
zonnebloemetje	zonnebloem:n
zonnebloempje	zonnebloem:n
honderdjes	honderdje:n
vuurtorens	vuurtoren:n
vuurtorentje	vuurtoren:n
duizendje	duizend:n
duizendjes	duizendje:n
guldens	gulden:n
guldentje	gulden:n
onderwijzers	onderwijzer:n
onderwijzertje	onderwijzer:n
hoden	hode:n
hoodje	hode:n
schijt	schijten:v
scheet	schijten:v|scheten:v
scheten	schijten:v|scheet:n
schijtend	schijten:v
gescheten	schijten:v
roepiah	roepia:n
droompje	droom:n
3+7	helpen:v|werpen:v|afwerpen:v
hielp	helpen:v
helpt	helpen:v
hielpen	helpen:v
helpend	helpen:v
geholpen	helpen:v
rijper	rijp:a
rijpst	rijp:a
rijpe	rijp:a|rijpen:v
rijpere	rijp:a
rijpste	rijp:a
rijp	rijpen:v
opende	openen:v
opent	openen:v
openden	openen:v
openend	openen:v
geopend	openen:v
thuisfronten	thuisfront:n
thuisfrontje	thuisfront:n
werp	werpen:v
wierp	werpen:v
werpt	werpen:v
wierpen	werpen:v
werpend	werpen:v
geworpen	werpen:v
smolt	smelten:v
smolten	smelten:v
smeltend	smelten:v
gesmolten	smelten:v
slijt	slijten:v
sleten	slijten:v
slijtend	slijten:v
gesleten	slijten:v
vliet	vlieten:v
vloot	vlieten:v
vloten	vlieten:v|vloot:n
vlietend	vlieten:v
gevloten	vlieten:v
vlieten	vliet:n
druip	druipen:v
druipt	druipen:v
dropen	druipen:v
druipend	druipen:v
gedropen	druipen:v
dooi	dooien:v
dooide	dooien:v
dooit	dooien:v
dooiden	dooien:v
dooiend	dooien:v
gedooid	dooien:v
teilen	teil:n
pakken	pak:n
pakje	pak:n
pak	pakken:v
tukken	tuk:n
tukje	tuk:n
tuk	tukken:v
doodde	doden:v
doodt	doden:v
doodden	doden:v
dodend	doden:v
gedood	doden:v
doop	dopen:v
doopte	dopen:v
doopt	dopen:v
doopten	dopen:v
dopend	dopen:v
gedoopt	dopen:v
dopen	doop:n
breuken	breuk:n
breukje	breuk:n
schaf	schaffen:v
schafte	schaffen:v|schaften:v
schaft	schaffen:v|schaften:v
schaften	schaffen:v
schaffend	schaffen:v
geschaft	schaffen:v|schaften:v
schep	scheppen:v
schiep	scheppen:v
schept	scheppen:v
schiepen	scheppen:v
scheppend	scheppen:v
geschapen	scheppen:v
schepte	scheppen:v
schepten	scheppen:v
geschept	scheppen:v
scheppen	schep:n
bruiden	bruid:n|bruien:v
bruidje	bruid:n
zweette	zweten:v
zweetten	zweten:v
zwetend	zweten:v
gezweet	zweten:v
paddenstoelen	paddenstoel:n
paddenstoeltje	paddenstoel:n
handstanden	handstand:n
handstandje	handstand:n
doofst	doof:a
dovere	doof:a
doofste	doof:a
doof	doven:v
hospites	hospes:n
hospessen	hospes:n
pulli	pullus:n
pianola's	pianola:n
pianolaatje	pianola:n
zwijg	zwijgen:v
zweeg	zwijgen:v
zwijgt	zwijgen:v
zwegen	zwijgen:v
zwijgend	zwijgen:v
gezwegen	zwijgen:v
weduwen	weduwe:n|weduw:n
weduwes	weduwe:n
weduwtje	weduwe:n|weduw:n
weduwetje	weduwe:n
roeden	roede:n
roedes	roede:n
roedetje	roede:n
ritussen	ritus:n
ritusje	ritus:n
nieren	nier:n
niertje	nier:n
blake	blaken:v
jukken	juk:n
jukje	juk:n
bonde	binden:v
sist	sissen:v
detinere	detineren:v
netels	netel:n
neteltje	netel:n
roeren	roer:n
roertje	roer:n
roer	roeren:v
ruimer	ruim:a
ruimst	ruim:a
ruime	ruim:a|ruimen:v
ruimere	ruim:a
ruimste	ruim:a
ruimen	ruim:n
ruimpje	ruim:n
ruim	ruimen:v
schemers	schemer:n
schemertje	schemer:n
regeringen	regering:n
regerinkje	regering:n
wette	wetten:v
wettend	wetten:v
gewet	wetten:v
nippertjes	nippertje:n
positivisten	positivist:n
wedde	wedden:v
wedt	wedden:v
weddend	wedden:v
gewed	wedden:v
korven	korf:n|kerven:v
korfje	korf:n
korf	kerven:v
overmoediger	overmoedig:a
overmoedigst	overmoedig:a
overmoedige	overmoedig:a
overmoedigere	overmoedig:a
overmoedigste	overmoedig:a
postcodes	postcode:n
bakkies	bakkie:n
middelen	middel:n
middeltje	middel:n
middels	middel:n
middagen	middag:n
middagje	middag:n
skeletten	skelet:n
staden	steden:v
moeër	moe:a
moeier	moe:a
moeë	moe:a
moeëre	moe:a
moeste	moe:a|moeten:v
moeie	moe:a|moeien:v
moeiere	moe:a
moeke	moe:n
moeken	moe:n
moetje	moe:n|moei:n
loof	loven:v
uiers	uier:n
uiertje	uier:n
weder	weer:d|weer:n
vermoeid	vermoeien:v
vermoeider	vermoeid:a
vermoeidst	vermoeid:a
vermoeide	vermoeid:a|vermoeien:v
vermoeidere	vermoeid:a
vermoeidste	vermoeid:a
kopt	koppen:v
tochten	tocht:n
tochtje	tocht:n
dijen	dij:n
dijtje	dij:n
rijen	rij:n
rijtje	rij:n
rij	rijden:v|rijen:v
vochter	vocht:a
vochtst	vocht:a
vochte	vocht:a|vechten:v
vochtere	vocht:a
vochtste	vocht:a
tere	teer:a|teren:v
wachtje	wacht:n
nauwer	nauw:a
nauwst	nauw:a
nauwe	nauw:a
nauwere	nauw:a
nauwste	nauw:a
rijd	rijden:v
rijdt	rijden:v
rijdend	rijden:v
gereden	rijden:v
rijden	rijen:v
gemzen	gems:n
gemsje	gems:n
piramiden	piramide:n
piramides	piramide:n
piramidetje	piramide:n
postscriptums	postscriptum:n
postscripta	postscriptum:n
postscriptumpje	postscriptum:n
planetaria	planetarium:n
planetariums	planetarium:n
planetariumpje	planetarium:n
biechten	biecht:n
biechtje	biecht:n
biecht	biechten:v
buk	bukken:v
krukken	kruk:n
krukje	kruk:n
kruk	krukken:v
wieken	wiek:n
wiekje	wiek:n
stallen	stal:n
stalletje	stal:n
sol	sollen:v
solde	sollen:v
solt	sollen:v
solden	sollen:v
sollend	sollen:v
gesold	sollen:v
aanneem	aannemen:v
aannam	aannemen:v
aanneemt	aannemen:v
aannamen	aannemen:v|aanname:n
aannemend	aannemen:v
aangenomen	aannemen:v
aardbevingen	aardbeving:n
aardbevinkje	aardbeving:n
absorbeer	absorberen:v
absorbeerde	absorberen:v
absorbeert	absorberen:v
absorbeerden	absorberen:v
absorberend	absorberen:v
geabsorbeerd	absorberen:v
veder	veer:n
kolken	kolk:n
kolkje	kolk:n
kolk	kolken:v
slidings	sliding:n
slidinkje	sliding:n
veters	veter:n
vetertje	veter:n
caravans	caravan:n
caravannetje	caravan:n
brakker	brak:a
brakst	brak:a
brakke	brak:a
brakkere	brak:a
brakste	brak:a
brakken	brak:n
brakje	brak:n
kutten	kut:n
kutje	kut:n
kutter	kut:a
kutst	kut:a
kutte	kut:a
kuttere	kut:a
kutste	kut:a
kut	kutten:v
kranker	krank:a
krankst	krank:a
kranke	krank:a
krankere	krank:a
krankste	krank:a
boomslangen	boomslang:n
boomslangetje	boomslang:n
gord	gorden:v
dikkoppen	dikkop:n
dikkopje	dikkop:n
dichtdoe	dichtdoen:v
dichtdeed	dichtdoen:v
dichtdoet	dichtdoen:v
dichtdeden	dichtdoen:v
dichtdoend	dichtdoen:v
dichtgedaan	dichtdoen:v
teemde	temen:v
teemt	temen:v
teemden	temen:v
temend	temen:v
geteemd	temen:v
telo's	telo:n
conducteurs	conducteur:n
conducteurtje	conducteur:n
dankte	danken:v
dankt	danken:v
dankten	danken:v
dankend	danken:v
gedankt	danken:v
duld	dulden:v
duldde	dulden:v
duldt	dulden:v
duldden	dulden:v
duldend	dulden:v
geduld	dulden:v|gedulden:v
gedachtje	gedacht:n
etters	etter:n
ettertje	etter:n
etter	etteren:v
cava's	cava:n
cavaatje	cava:n
scala's	scala:n
stoepen	stoep:n
stoepje	stoep:n
nukken	nuk:n
nukje	nuk:n
lof	witlof:n
kousen	kous:n
kousje	kous:n
brode	brood:n
zatter	zat:a
zatst	zat:a
zatte	zat:a
zattere	zat:a
zatste	zat:a
naga	nagaan:v
leiders	leider:n
leidertje	leider:n
pasars	pasar:n
pasartje	pasar:n
rotans	rotan:n
rotannetje	rotan:n
roti's	roti:n
rotietje	roti:n
reflectors	reflector:n
reflectoren	reflector:n
reflectortje	reflector:n
lenden	lende:n
lendenen	lende:n
lendetje	lende:n
dele	delen:v
lycea	lyceum:n
lyceums	lyceum:n
lyceumpje	lyceum:n
krapper	krap:a
krapst	krap:a
krappe	krap:a
krappere	krap:a
krapste	krap:a
zotter	zot:a
zotst	zot:a
zotte	zot:a
zottere	zot:a
zotste	zot:a
zotten	zot:n
zotje	zot:n
pretje	pret:n
fiches	fiche:n
fichen	fiche:n
mistels	mistel:n
misteltje	mistel:n
lachers	lacher:n
lachertje	lacher:n
huren	huur:n
huurtje	huur:n
autogyro's	autogyro:n
autogiro's	autogiro:n
kozakken	kozak:n
kozakje	kozak:n
ruggengraten	ruggengraat:n
ruggengraatje	ruggengraat:n
geïnteresseerde	geïnteresseerd:a
geïnteresseerden	geïnteresseerde:n
geïnteresseerder	geïnteresseerd:a
geïnteresseerdst	geïnteresseerd:a
geïnteresseerdere	geïnteresseerd:a
geïnteresseerdste	geïnteresseerd:a
geïnteresseerd	interesseren:v
gelukkiger	gelukkig:a
gelukkigst	gelukkig:a
gelukkige	gelukkig:a
gelukkigere	gelukkig:a
gelukkigste	gelukkig:a
schiere	schier:a
scheden	schede:n
schedes	schede:n
schedetje	schede:n
sausen	saus:n
sauzen	saus:n
sausje	saus:n
heksen	heks:n
heksje	heks:n
slagers	slager:n
slagertje	slager:n
beenhouwers	beenhouwer:n
beenhouwertje	beenhouwer:n
burgemeesters	burgemeester:n
bedreig	bedreigen:v
bedreigde	bedreigen:v
bedreigt	bedreigen:v
bedreigden	bedreigen:v
bedreigend	bedreigen:v
bedreigd	bedreigen:v
pozen	poos:n
poosje	poos:n
noester	noest:a
noestst	noest:a
noeste	noest:a
noestere	noest:a
noestste	noest:a
gare	gaar:a|garen:v
heksenketels	heksenketel:n
heksenketeltje	heksenketel:n
maen	maan:n
filialen	filiaal:n
filiaaltje	filiaal:n
eva's	eva:n
evaatje	eva:n
lene	lenen:v
spuitbussen	spuitbus:n
spuitbusje	spuitbus:n
petticoats	petticoat:n
tetrarchen	tetrarch:n
tetrarchje	tetrarch:n
CAPTCHA	captcha:n
kokossen	kokos:n
reservisten	reservist:n
excuses	excuus:n
holebi's	holebi:n
holebietje	holebi:n
dumpingen	dumping:n
broches	broche:n
brocheje	broche:n
brochetje	broche:n
waypointen	waypoint:n
waypointje	waypoint:n
lapte	lappen:v
piept	piepen:v
kundes	kunde:n
leghorns	leghorn:n
syntheses	synthese:n
protheses	prothese:n
pipetten	pipet:n
pipetje	pipet:n
ganu's	ganu:n
peste	pesten:v
'er	der:d
arbitrages	arbitrage:n
nrs	nr:n
puffen	puf:n
pufje	puf:n
puf	puffen:v
votten	vot:n
votje	vot:n
wendde	wenden:v
wendt	wenden:v
wendden	wenden:v
wendend	wenden:v
gewend	wenden:v|wennen:v|gewennen:v
wenden	wennen:v|wende:n
reken	rekenen:v
rekende	rekenen:v
rekent	rekenen:v
rekenden	rekenen:v
rekenend	rekenen:v
gerekend	rekenen:v
stolpen	stolp:n
stolpje	stolp:n
keien	kei:n
keitje	kei:n
polonaises	polonaise:n
processors	processor:n
beden	bede:n
komma's	komma:n
kommaatje	komma:n
tölt	tölten:v
ketels	ketel:n
keteltje	ketel:n
besognes	besogne:n
besognetje	besogne:n
mokers	moker:n
mokertje	moker:n
pekel	pekelen:v
pepels	pepel:n
pepeltje	pepel:n
poseer	poseren:v
constanten	constante:n
rekken	rek:n
rekje	rek:n
rek	rekken:v
maillots	maillot:n
maillotje	maillot:n
smetten	smet:n
smetje	smet:n
eden	eed:n
kaalgaten	kaalgat:n
kaalgaatje	kaalgat:n
krampen	kramp:n
krampje	kramp:n
trucs	truc:n
truken	truc:n
trucje	truc:n
smakken	smak:n
smakje	smak:n
smak	smakken:v
sier	sieren:v
soupers	souper:n
soupertje	souper:n
campagnes	campagne:n
tolken	tolk:n
tolkje	tolk:n
processoren	processor:n
processortje	processor:n
turve	turven:v
hoofser	hoofs:a
hoofst	hoofs:a
hoofse	hoofs:a
hoofsere	hoofs:a
hoofste	hoofs:a
removers	remover:n
ende	en:c
mammen	mam:n
mammetje	mam:n
bevelen	bevel:n
bevelletje	bevel:n
doppio's	doppio:n
doppiootje	doppio:n
mondiale	mondiaal:a
nikkels	nikkel:n
nikkelen	nikkel:n
nikkeltje	nikkel:n
sweatshirts	sweatshirt:n
bonsje	bons:n
combi's	combi:n
combietje	combi:n
combieke	combi:n
huisde	huizen:v
huist	huizen:v
huisden	huizen:v
huizend	huizen:v
gehuisd	huizen:v
pré	pre:n
oorden	oord:n
oordje	oord:n
penningen	penning:n
penninkje	penning:n
woestijnen	woestijn:n
woestijntje	woestijn:n
spiritualisten	spiritualist:n
Hebreeuwser	Hebreeuws:a
Hebreeuwst	Hebreeuws:a
Hebreeuwse	Hebreeuws:a
Hebreeuwsere	Hebreeuws:a
Hebreeuwste	Hebreeuws:a
stede	stad:n
stapte	stappen:v
stapt	stappen:v
stapten	stappen:v
stappend	stappen:v
gestapt	stappen:v
stillen	stille:n
strenger	streng:a
strengst	streng:a
strenge	streng:a
strengere	streng:a
strengste	streng:a
strengen	streng:n
strengetje	streng:n
reçu's	reçu:n
reçuutje	reçu:n
colères	colère:n
leguanen	leguaan:n
leguaantje	leguaan:n
equipes	equipe:n
pompons	pompon:n
pomponnen	pompon:n
pomponnetje	pompon:n
wisse	wis:a|wissen:v
wisje	wis:n
duodecimo's	duodecimo:n
duodecimootje	duodecimo:n
wranger	wrang:a
wrangst	wrang:a
wrange	wrang:a
wrangere	wrang:a
wrangste	wrang:a
belladonna's	belladonna:n
belladonnaatje	belladonna:n
astronomieën	astronomie:n
planeten	planeet:n
planeetje	planeet:n
racers	racer:n
practica	practicum:n
practicumpje	practicum:n
humeuren	humeur:n
humeurtje	humeur:n
charmanter	charmant:a
charmantst	charmant:a
charmante	charmant:a
charmantere	charmant:a
charmantste	charmant:a
oesters	oester:n
oestertje	oester:n
blokken	blok:n
blokje	blok:n
blok	blokken:v
blendde	blenden:v
blendt	blenden:v
blendden	blenden:v
blendend	blenden:v
geblend	blenden:v
dring	dringen:v
drong	dringen:v
dringt	dringen:v
drongen	dringen:v
dringend	dringen:v
gedrongen	dringen:v
telle	tellen:v
werde	worden:v
pancetta's	pancetta:n
pancettatje	pancetta:n
bist	zijn:v
retouren	retour:n
retourtje	retour:n
continua	continuüm:n
champignons	champignon:n
champignonnetje	champignon:n
fusten	fust:n
fustje	fust:n
vaarten	vaart:n
vaartje	vaart:n
vaart	varen:v
valken	valk:n
valkje	valk:n
vensters	venster:n
venstertje	venster:n
augurken	augurk:n
augurkje	augurk:n
edeler	edel:a
edelst	edel:a
edele	edel:a
edelere	edel:a
edelste	edel:a
treeplanken	treeplank:n
treeplankje	treeplank:n
heul	heulen:v
heulde	heulen:v
heult	heulen:v
heulden	heulen:v
heulend	heulen:v
geheuld	heulen:v
heulen	heul:n
kabeljauwen	kabeljauw:n
kabeljauwtje	kabeljauw:n
kaai	kade:n
klem	klemmen:v
klemde	klemmen:v
klemt	klemmen:v
klemden	klemmen:v
klemmend	klemmen:v
geklemd	klemmen:v
klemmen	klem:n
erken	erkennen:v
erkende	erkennen:v|erkend:a
erkent	erkennen:v
erkenden	erkennen:v
erkennend	erkennen:v
erkend	erkennen:v
knarren	knar:n
kooien	kooi:n
kooitje	kooi:n
kurken	kurk:n
kurkje	kurk:n
kraft	kracht:n
haakbussen	haakbus:n
haakbusje	haakbus:n
raten	raat:n
gouvernementen	gouvernement:n
gouvernementje	gouvernement:n
lern	lernen:v
lernde	lernen:v
lernt	lernen:v
lernden	lernen:v
lernend	lernen:v
gelernd	lernen:v
matrozen	matroos:n
matroosje	matroos:n
obers	ober:n
obertje	ober:n
stokers	stoker:n
stokertje	stoker:n
labo's	labo:n
labootje	labo:n
kwakzalvers	kwakzalver:n
kwakzalvertje	kwakzalver:n
schenk	schenken:v
schonk	schenken:v
schenkt	schenken:v
schonken	schenken:v
schenkend	schenken:v
geschonken	schenken:v
scheuer	scheu:a
scheust	scheu:a
sper	sperren:v
sperde	sperren:v
spert	sperren:v
sperden	sperren:v
sperrend	sperren:v
gesperd	sperren:v
stift	stiften:v
stiftte	stiften:v
stiftten	stiften:v
stiftend	stiften:v
gestift	stiften:v
stiften	stift:n
strootje	stro:n
reigers	reiger:n
reigertje	reiger:n
watjes	watten:n|watje:n
wafels	wafel:n
wafeltje	wafel:n
werf	bouwwerf:n|scheepswerf:n|werven:v
werven	werf:n
werfje	werf:n
anomalieën	anomalie:n
anomalietje	anomalie:n
schouwen	schouw:n
schouwtje	schouw:n
schouw	schouwen:v
tuigde	tuigen:v
tuigt	tuigen:v
tuigden	tuigen:v
tuigend	tuigen:v
getuigd	tuigen:v|getuigen:v
steek	steken:v
stak	steken:v
steekt	steken:v
staken	steken:v
stekend	steken:v
gestoken	steken:v
steken	steek:n
interviewers	interviewer:n
interviewertje	interviewer:n
vree	vrijen:v|vrede:n
vrijt	vrijen:v
vreeën	vrijen:v
vrijend	vrijen:v
gevreeën	vrijen:v
vrijde	vrijen:v
vrijden	vrijen:v
gevrijd	vrijen:v
runderen	rund:n
rundje	rund:n
salades	salade:n
saladetje	salade:n
verneuk	verneuken:v
verneukte	verneuken:v
verneukt	verneuken:v
verneukten	verneuken:v
verneukend	verneuken:v
sparingen	sparing:n
sparinkje	sparing:n
nakomelingen	nakomeling:n
nakomelingetje	nakomeling:n
nectarines	nectarine:n
nectarinetje	nectarine:n
hintte	hinten:v
hintten	hinten:v
hintend	hinten:v
gehint	hinten:v
inden	innen:v
innend	innen:v
geïnd	innen:v
welde	wellen:v
welden	wellen:v
wellend	wellen:v
geweld	wellen:v
slaps	slap:a
spuw	spuwen:v|spuug:n
spuwde	spuwen:v
spuwt	spuwen:v
spuwden	spuwen:v
spuwend	spuwen:v
gespuwd	spuwen:v
catwalks	catwalk:n
papavers	papaver:n
papavertje	papaver:n
dichter	dicht:a
dichtst	dicht:a
dichte	dicht:a|dichten:v
dichtere	dicht:a
dichtste	dicht:a
dichten	dicht:n
dichtje	dicht:n
dicht	dichten:v
bedes	bede:n
bedetje	bede:n
bersten	barsten:v
beug	beugen:v
beugde	beugen:v
beugt	beugen:v
beugden	beugen:v
beugend	beugen:v
gebeugd	beugen:v
beugen	beug:n
billig	billijk:a
borgde	borgen:v
borgt	borgen:v|bergen:v
borgden	borgen:v
borgend	borgen:v
geborgd	borgen:v
stylisten	stylist:n
dichtte	dichten:v
dichtten	dichten:v
dichtend	dichten:v
gedicht	dichten:v
dagdromers	dagdromer:n
dagdromertje	dagdromer:n
nijverheden	nijverheid:n
noodzaken	noodzaak:n
noodzaakje	noodzaak:n
indringers	indringer:n
indringertje	indringer:n
tijen	tij:n
termijnen	termijn:n
termijntje	termijn:n
opgaven	opgave:n|opgeven:v
opgavetje	opgave:n
opgaafje	opgave:n
jaloezieën	jaloezie:n
jaloezietje	jaloezie:n
immuniteiten	immuniteit:n
schaak	schaken:v
bestralingen	bestraling:n
bestralinkje	bestraling:n
dualiteiten	dualiteit:n
dualiteitje	dualiteit:n
fatsoenen	fatsoen:n
fatsoentje	fatsoen:n
bekwaamheden	bekwaamheid:n
bekwaamheidje	bekwaamheid:n
bekommernissen	bekommernis:n
bekommernisje	bekommernis:n
goudsmeden	goudsmid:n
goudsmidje	goudsmid:n
zilversmeden	zilversmid:n
zilversmidje	zilversmid:n
edelmoedigheden	edelmoedigheid:n
heiligschennissen	heiligschennis:n
heiligschennisje	heiligschennis:n
krachten	kracht:n
krachtje	kracht:n
lokazen	lokaas:n
lokaasje	lokaas:n
ingenieurs	ingenieur:n
ingenieurtje	ingenieur:n
initialen	initiaal:n
initiaaltje	initiaal:n
initiale	initiaal:a
onbezonnenheden	onbezonnenheid:n
onbezonnenheidje	onbezonnenheid:n
speleologen	speleoloog:n
speleoloogje	speleoloog:n
immigraties	immigratie:n
druivensappen	druivensap:n
druivensapje	druivensap:n
druiven	druif:n
druifje	druif:n
vijgen	vijg:n
vijgje	vijg:n
bloemkolen	bloemkool:n
bloemkooltje	bloemkool:n
bloesems	bloesem:n
bloesempje	bloesem:n
pruimen	pruim:n
pruimpje	pruim:n
bloedhonden	bloedhond:n
bloedhondje	bloedhond:n
bloemlezingen	bloemlezing:n
bloemlezinkje	bloemlezing:n
uilen	uil:n
uiltje	uil:n
arenden	arend:n
arendje	arend:n
merels	merel:n
mereltje	merel:n
mezen	mees:n
meesje	mees:n
meesters	meester:n
meestertje	meester:n
ooievaars	ooievaar:n
ooievaren	ooievaar:n
ooievaartje	ooievaar:n
wespen	wesp:n
wespje	wesp:n
vrachtwagens	vrachtwagen:n
vrachtwagentje	vrachtwagen:n
geloofwaardigheden	geloofwaardigheid:n
gelijkwaardigheden	gelijkwaardigheid:n
gelijkmatigheden	gelijkmatigheid:n
gebrekkigheden	gebrekkigheid:n
gebrekkigheidje	gebrekkigheid:n
droogten	droogte:n
droogtes	droogte:n
weerbarstigheden	weerbarstigheid:n
weerbarstigheidje	weerbarstigheid:n
wedergeboorten	wedergeboorte:n
wedergeboortes	wedergeboorte:n
wedstrijden	wedstrijd:n
wedstrijdje	wedstrijd:n
waarheden	waarheid:n
waarheidje	waarheid:n
waardigheden	waardigheid:n
samentrekkingen	samentrekking:n
samentrekkinkje	samentrekking:n
kapellen	kapel:n
kapelletje	kapel:n
kerken	kerk:n
kerkje	kerk:n
kathedralen	kathedraal:n
kathedraaltje	kathedraal:n
kathedrale	kathedraal:a
kloosters	klooster:n
kloostertje	klooster:n
druipers	druiper:n
druipertje	druiper:n
kardinalen	kardinaal:n
kardinaaltje	kardinaal:n
kardinale	kardinaal:a
pausen	paus:n
pausje	paus:n
kapitalen	kapitaal:n
kapitaaltje	kapitaal:n
luidsprekers	luidspreker:n
luidsprekertje	luidspreker:n
lasterpraatje	lasterpraat:n
pompelmoezen	pompelmoes:n
pompelmoesje	pompelmoes:n
landeigenaren	landeigenaar:n
landeigenaartje	landeigenaar:n
lanen	laan:n
laantje	laan:n
oneindigheden	oneindigheid:n
oneindigheidje	oneindigheid:n
eeuwigheden	eeuwigheid:n
eeuwigheidje	eeuwigheid:n
ongehoorzaamheden	ongehoorzaamheid:n
ongehoorzaamheidje	ongehoorzaamheid:n
kankers	kanker:n
kankertje	kanker:n
kanker	kankeren:v
zonneschijntje	zonneschijn:n
niemandslanden	niemandsland:n
niemandslandje	niemandsland:n
gemeenschappen	gemeenschap:n
gemeenschapje	gemeenschap:n
neveneffecten	neveneffect:n
neveneffectje	neveneffect:n
catechisten	catechist:n
russen	rus:n
rusje	rus:n
ketten	ket:n
ketje	ket:n
ket	ketamine:n
dool	dolen:v
doolde	dolen:v
doolt	dolen:v
doolden	dolen:v
dolend	dolen:v
gedoold	dolen:v
gravers	graver:n
gravertje	graver:n
tombes	tombe:n
tomben	tombe:n
tombetje	tombe:n
aden	aad:n
projectoren	projector:n
projectors	projector:n
projectortje	projector:n
frisch	fris:a
beton	betonnen:v
geringer	gering:a
geringst	gering:a
geringe	gering:a
geringere	gering:a
geringste	gering:a
cabochons	cabochon:n
irri	irritant:a
garo	gerro:n
bougies	bougie:n
bougietje	bougie:n
hink	hinken:v
hinkte	hinken:v
hinkt	hinken:v
hinkten	hinken:v
hinkend	hinken:v
gehinkt	hinken:v
flagella	flagellum:n
overeet	overeten:v
overat	overeten:v
overaten	overeten:v
overetend	overeten:v
nakken	nak:n
nakje	nak:n
nokken	nok:n
nokje	nok:n
seinde	seinen:v
seint	seinen:v
seinden	seinen:v
seinend	seinen:v
geseind	seinen:v
immenser	immens:a
immenst	immens:a
immensere	immens:a
immenste	immens:a
onoverbrugbaarder	onoverbrugbaar:a
onoverbrugbaarst	onoverbrugbaar:a
onoverbrugbare	onoverbrugbaar:a
onoverbrugbaardere	onoverbrugbaar:a
onoverbrugbaarste	onoverbrugbaar:a
aksen	aks:n
langs	lang:a
stade	stad:n
faveuren	faveur:n
faveurtje	faveur:n
golfbrekers	golfbreker:n
golfbrekertje	golfbreker:n
kletsnatte	kletsnat:a
wachtwoorden	wachtwoord:n
wachtwoordje	wachtwoord:n
uitzaaiingen	uitzaaiing:n
uitzaaiinkje	uitzaaiing:n
fauteuils	fauteuil:n
fauteuiltje	fauteuil:n
retraites	retraite:n
retraitetje	retraite:n
parterres	parterre:n
parterren	parterre:n
paternosters	paternoster:n
paternostertje	paternoster:n
patroons	patroon:n
patronen	patroon:n
patroontje	patroon:n
boomde	bomen:v|boomen:v
boomt	bomen:v|boomen:v
boomden	bomen:v|boomen:v
bomend	bomen:v
geboomd	bomen:v|boomen:v
tristesses	tristesse:n
tristessetje	tristesse:n
radiometers	radiometer:n
radiometertje	radiometer:n
ratatouilles	ratatouille:n
terraria	terrarium:n
terrariums	terrarium:n
terrariumpje	terrarium:n
meldde	melden:v
meldt	melden:v
meldden	melden:v
meldend	melden:v
gemeld	melden:v
molk	melken:v
melkt	melken:v
molken	melken:v
melkend	melken:v
gemolken	melken:v
melkte	melken:v
melkten	melken:v
gemelkt	melken:v
merk	merken:v
merkte	merken:v
merkt	merken:v
merkten	merken:v
merkend	merken:v
gemerkt	merken:v
merken	merk:n
tabascosauzen	tabascosaus:n
tabascosausje	tabascosaus:n
kati's	kati:n
katietje	kati:n
niesen	niezen:v
schonen	schone:n|schoon:a
schmutziger	schmutzig:a
schmutzigst	schmutzig:a
olmen	olm:n
olmpje	olm:n
kraters	krater:n
kratertje	krater:n
jerrycans	jerrycan:n
jerrycannetje	jerrycan:n
spande	spannen:v
spant	spannen:v
spanden	spannen:v
spannend	spannen:v
sprengen	spreng:n
spon	spinnen:v
spint	spinnen:v
sponnen	spinnen:v|spon:n
spinnend	spinnen:v
gesponnen	spinnen:v
spinde	spinnen:v
spinden	spinnen:v
gespind	spinnen:v
stonk	stinken:v
stinkt	stinken:v
stonken	stinken:v
stinkend	stinken:v
gestonken	stinken:v
trof	treffen:v
treft	treffen:v
troffen	treffen:v
treffend	treffen:v
getroffen	treffen:v
treffens	treffen:n
treffentje	treffen:n
weck	wecken:v
weckte	wecken:v
weckt	wecken:v
weckten	wecken:v
weckend	wecken:v
geweckt	wecken:v
wond	winden:v|wonden:v
windt	winden:v
wonden	winden:v|wond:n
windend	winden:v
gewonden	winden:v|gewonde:n
netjes	net:d
leerlingen	leerling:n
leerlingetje	leerling:n
stempels	stempel:n
stempeltje	stempel:n
nodiger	nodig:a
nodigst	nodig:a
nodige	nodig:a
nodigere	nodig:a
nodigste	nodig:a
ordes	orde:n
leuker	leuk:a
leukst	leuk:a
leuke	leuk:a
leukere	leuk:a
leukste	leuk:a
studiën	studie:n
studietje	studie:n
opleidingen	opleiding:n
opleidinkje	opleiding:n
steunen	steun:n
steuntje	steun:n
steun	steunen:v
meubels	meubel:n
meubelen	meubel:n
meubeltje	meubel:n
jouw	jouwen:v
mevrouwen	mevrouw:n
mevrouwtje	mevrouw:n
kleertjes	kleren:n
beignets	beignet:n
beignetje	beignet:n
glimlachte	glimlachen:v
glimlacht	glimlachen:v
glimlachten	glimlachen:v
glimlachend	glimlachen:v
geglimlacht	glimlachen:v
rouw	rouwen:v
piloten	piloot:n
pilootje	piloot:n
harmoniums	harmonium:n
harmoniumpje	harmonium:n
norovirussen	norovirus:n
norovirusje	norovirus:n
soorten	soort:n
startups	startup:n
startupje	startup:n
maquillages	maquillage:n
maquillagetje	maquillage:n
bandeaus	bandeau:n
vuvuzela's	vuvuzela:n
vuvuzelaatje	vuvuzela:n
vertaal	vertalen:v
vertaalde	vertalen:v
vertaalt	vertalen:v
vertaalden	vertalen:v
vertalend	vertalen:v
vertaald	vertalen:v
luwe	luw:a
hedendaagser	hedendaags:a
hedendaagst	hedendaags:a
hedendaagse	hedendaags:a
hedendaagsere	hedendaags:a
hedendaagste	hedendaags:a
poutines	poutine:n
beiden	beide:r
beid	beiden:v
beidde	beiden:v
beidt	beiden:v
beidden	beiden:v
beidend	beiden:v
gebeid	beiden:v
domineer	domineren:v
grammatica's	grammatica:n
grammaticaatje	grammatica:n
kades	kade:n
kaden	kade:n
kadetje	kade:n|kadet:n
wakken	wak:n
wakje	wak:n
equipages	equipage:n
lasse	lassen:v
bega	begaan:v
lila's	lila:n
lilaatje	lila:n
remonstranten	remonstrant:n
remonstrantje	remonstrant:n
trommen	trom:n
trommetje	trom:n
bronnen	bron:n
bronnetje	bron:n
verten	verte:n
vertes	verte:n
excursies	excursie:n
excursietje	excursie:n
appartementen	appartement:n
appartementje	appartement:n
zijnen	zijn:t
entend	enten:v
bouteilles	bouteille:n
torens	toren:n
torentje	toren:n
mangels	mangel:n
mangeltje	mangel:n
mangel	mangelen:v
samosa's	samosa:n
samosaatje	samosa:n
assemblages	assemblage:n
spanningen	spanning:n
spanninkje	spanning:n
rovers	rover:n
rovertje	rover:n
Australie	Australië:m
pannes	panne:n
sawa's	sawa:n
neven	neef:n
neefje	neef:n
zwagers	zwager:n
zwagertje	zwager:n
schoonbroers	schoonbroer:n
schoonbroertje	schoonbroer:n
mijnheer	meneer:n
stoffiger	stoffig:a
stoffigst	stoffig:a
stoffige	stoffig:a
stoffigere	stoffig:a
stoffigste	stoffig:a
buksen	buks:n
buksje	buks:n
frappanter	frappant:a
frappantst	frappant:a
frappante	frappant:a
frappantere	frappant:a
frappantste	frappant:a
allé	allee:i
ruften	ruft:n
ruftje	ruft:n
camions	camion:n
camionnetje	camion:n
paringen	paring:n
parinkje	paring:n
snaphanen	snaphaan:n
snaphaantje	snaphaan:n
palingen	paling:n
palinkje	paling:n
beugers	beuger:n
ippons	ippon:n
kal	kallen:v
kaka's	kaka:n
kakaatje	kaka:n
veropenbaar	veropenbaren:v
veropenbaarde	veropenbaren:v
veropenbaart	veropenbaren:v
veropenbaarden	veropenbaren:v
veropenbarend	veropenbaren:v
veropenbaard	veropenbaren:v
rottingen	rotting:n
rottinkje	rotting:n
rotting	rotan:n
reeksen	reeks:n
reeksje	reeks:n
paperclips	paperclip:n
paperclipje	paperclip:n
complotten	complot:n
complotje	complot:n
pensen	pens:n
pensje	pens:n
watering	wetering:n
parfums	parfum:n
parfumpje	parfum:n
pistolets	pistolet:n
pistoletje	pistolet:n
cavia's	cavia:n
caviaatje	cavia:n
kem	kemmen:v
kaler	kaal:a
kaalst	kaal:a
kalere	kaal:a
kaalste	kaal:a
moskeeën	moskee:n
moskeetje	moskee:n
suikerspinnen	suikerspin:n
suikerspinnetje	suikerspin:n
snoep	snoepen:v
pepermunten	pepermunt:n
pepermuntje	pepermunt:n
pijnboompitten	pijnboompit:n
pijnboompitje	pijnboompit:n
fraudes	fraude:n
fraudetje	fraude:n
Abdoulla	Abdoella:m
veganisten	veganist:n
veganistje	veganist:n
Achmad	Achmed:m
lindes	linde:n
lindetje	linde:n
elzen	els:n
elsje	els:n
beuken	beuk:n
beukje	beuk:n
ceders	ceder:n
cederen	ceder:n
cedertje	ceder:n
wilgen	wilg:n
wilgje	wilg:n
populieren	populier:n
populiertje	populier:n
lariksen	lariks:n
lariksje	lariks:n
lorken	lork:n
lorkje	lork:n
iepen	iep:n
iepje	iep:n
treurwilgen	treurwilg:n
treurwilgje	treurwilg:n
cipressen	cipres:n
cipresje	cipres:n
abelen	abeel:n
abeeltje	abeel:n
hazelaars	hazelaar:n
hazelaren	hazelaar:n
hazelaartje	hazelaar:n
offert	offeren:v
lustiger	lustig:a
lustigst	lustig:a
lustige	lustig:a
lustigere	lustig:a
lustigste	lustig:a
odalisken	odalisk:n
odaliskje	odalisk:n
individuen	individu:n
individu's	individu:n
individuutje	individu:n
vulgaire	vulgair:a
killes	kille:n
zoogde	zogen:v
zoogt	zogen:v|zuigen:v
zoogden	zogen:v
zogend	zogen:v
gezoogd	zogen:v
levenslange	levenslang:a
lendenwervels	lendenwervel:n
lendenwerveltje	lendenwervel:n
ribbenbogen	ribbenboog:n
ribbenboogje	ribbenboog:n
diagnosticeer	diagnosticeren:v
diagnosticeerde	diagnosticeren:v
diagnosticeert	diagnosticeren:v
diagnosticeerden	diagnosticeren:v
diagnosticerend	diagnosticeren:v
gediagnosticeerd	diagnosticeren:v
innovaties	innovatie:n
innovatietje	innovatie:n
kitsen	kits:n
kitsje	kits:n
lebben	leb:n
lebje	leb:n
spiritussen	spiritus:n
spiritusje	spiritus:n
duwe	duwen:v
stadions	stadion:n
stadionnetje	stadion:n
sedums	sedum:n
sedumpje	sedum:n
pezen	pees:n
peesje	pees:n
pees	pezen:v
lavassen	lavas:n
snoeken	snoek:n
snoekje	snoek:n
hibiscussen	hibiscus:n
hibiscusje	hibiscus:n
stylo's	stylo:n
tarte	tarten:v
raas	razen:v
endotherme	endotherm:a
gieren	gier:n
giertje	gier:n
gier	gieren:v
tieten	tiet:n
tietje	tiet:n
bidders	bidder:n
biddertje	bidder:n
receptionisten	receptionist:n
receptionistje	receptionist:n
folies	folie:n
folietje	folie:n
cyclamens	cyclamen:n
cyclamen	cyclaam:n
rondes	ronde:n
citers	citer:n
citertje	citer:n
duidelijker	duidelijk:a
duidelijkst	duidelijk:a
duidelijke	duidelijk:a
duidelijkere	duidelijk:a
duidelijkste	duidelijk:a
poema's	poema:n
poemaatje	poema:n
annuleer	annuleren:v
annuleerde	annuleren:v
annuleert	annuleren:v
annuleerden	annuleren:v
annulerend	annuleren:v
geannuleerd	annuleren:v
breinen	brein:n
breintje	brein:n
snippers	snipper:n
snippertje	snipper:n
hunner	hun:t|zij:r
alarmisten	alarmist:n
alarmistje	alarmist:n
treksprinkhanen	treksprinkhaan:n
treksprinkhaantje	treksprinkhaan:n
actinometers	actinometer:n
dvd's	dvd:n
dvd'tje	dvd:n
Matthias	Mattias:m
moonwalken	moonwalk:n
moonwalkje	moonwalk:n
collega's	collega:n
collegae	collega:n
collegaatje	collega:n
dekameter	decameter:n
bios	bioscoop:n
sprongetje	sprong:n
wattmeters	wattmeter:n
wattmetertje	wattmeter:n
atalanta's	atalanta:n
atalantaatje	atalanta:n
animatoren	animator:n
animatortje	animator:n
entourages	entourage:n
recyclings	recycling:n
laffer	laf:a
lafst	laf:a
laffe	laf:a
laffere	laf:a
lafste	laf:a
parachutiste	parachutist:n
taferelen	tafereel:n
tafereeltje	tafereel:n
atollen	atol:n
atolletje	atol:n
nepper	nep:a
nepst	nep:a
neppe	nep:a
neppere	nep:a
nepste	nep:a
neukte	neuken:v
neukt	neuken:v
neukten	neuken:v
neukend	neuken:v
geneukt	neuken:v
harpisten	harpist:n
harpistje	harpist:n
dozijnen	dozijn:n
dozijntje	dozijn:n
theelepeltje	theelepel:n
mijne	mijn:t
ambulante	ambulant:a
duizenden	duizend:n
koor	koren:v
koorde	koren:v
koort	koren:v
koorden	koren:v|koord:n|koorde:n
korend	koren:v
gekoord	koren:v
autopsies	autopsie:n
molenaars	molenaar:n
molenaartje	molenaar:n
koutje	kou:n
ernstiger	ernstig:a
ernstigst	ernstig:a
ernstige	ernstig:a
ernstigere	ernstig:a
ernstigste	ernstig:a
beloof	beloven:v
beloofde	beloven:v
belooft	beloven:v
beloofden	beloven:v
belovend	beloven:v
beloofd	beloven:v
geloofde	geloven:v
gelooft	geloven:v
geloofden	geloven:v
gelovend	geloven:v
geloofd	geloven:v|loven:v
emitters	emitter:n
braver	braaf:a
salto's	salto:n
saltootje	salto:n
stammen	stam:n
stammetje	stam:n
stam	stammen:v
enten	ent:n
entje	ent:n
ent	enten:v
teddyberen	teddybeer:n
teddybeertje	teddybeer:n
karts	kart:n
kuch	kuchen:v
kuchte	kuchen:v
kucht	kuchen:v
kuchten	kuchen:v
kuchend	kuchen:v
gekucht	kuchen:v
kuchen	kuch:n
geocaches	geocache:n
geocache	geocachen:v
webcams	webcam:n
webcammetje	webcam:n
viert	vieren:v
vierend	vieren:v
gevierd	vieren:v
alinea's	alinea:n
alineaatje	alinea:n
corso's	corso:n
corsootje	corso:n
hospiteeravonden	hospiteeravond:n
hospiteeravondje	hospiteeravond:n
bolders	bolder:n
boldertje	bolder:n
leder	leed:a
ledertje	leder:n
hy	hij:r
brons	bronzen:v
bronsde	bronzen:v
bronst	bronzen:v
bronsden	bronzen:v
bronzend	bronzen:v
gebronsd	bronzen:v
bronzen	brons:n
atrofieën	atrofie:n
bajesen	bajes:n
bajesje	bajes:n
bajen	baden:v
baal	balen:v
baalde	balen:v
baalt	balen:v
baalden	balen:v
balend	balen:v
gebaald	balen:v
balen	baal:n
base	basen:v
basede	basen:v
baset	basen:v
baseden	basen:v
basend	basen:v
gebased	basen:v
baat	baten:v
baatte	baten:v
baatten	baten:v
batend	baten:v
gebaat	baten:v
baten	baat:n
bombenen	bombeen:n
bordessen	bordes:n
bordesje	bordes:n
boot	boten:v
bootte	boten:v
bootten	boten:v
botend	boten:v
geboot	boten:v
bramen	braam:n
cachete	cachen:v
cachet	cachen:v
cacheten	cachen:v
cachend	cachen:v
gecachet	cachen:v
souteneurs	souteneur:n
souteneurtje	souteneur:n
plotselinge	plotseling:a
splits	splitsen:v
cancel	cancelen:v
cancelde	cancelen:v
cancelt	cancelen:v
cancelden	cancelen:v
cancelend	cancelen:v
gecanceld	cancelen:v
chapes	chape:n
chapeje	chape:n
chapeke	chape:n
chil	chillen:v
childe	chillen:v
chilt	chillen:v
childen	chillen:v
chillend	chillen:v
gechild	chillen:v
compres	kompres:n
concilies	concilie:n
conciliën	concilie:n
copie	kopie:n
datete	daten:v
datet	daten:v
dateten	daten:v
datend	daten:v
gedatet	daten:v
debuten	debuut:n
decreten	decreet:n
hypnoses	hypnose:n
eyeopeners	eyeopener:n
disputen	dispuut:n
duurde	duren:v
duurt	duren:v
duurden	duren:v
durend	duren:v
geduurd	duren:v|geduren:v
duren	duur:n
quint	kwint:n
eclipsen	eclips:n
violets	violet:a
pipser	pips:a
pipst	pips:a
pipse	pips:a
pipsere	pips:a
pipste	pips:a
parallels	parallel:a
spitser	spits:a
spitst	spits:a|spitsen:v
spitse	spits:a
spitsere	spits:a
spitste	spits:a|spitsen:v
spitsen	spits:n
spitsje	spits:n
yoghurts	yoghurt:n
ergs	erg:a
sprays	spray:n
rozen	roos:n
roosje	roos:n
enter	enteren:v
enterde	enteren:v
entert	enteren:v
enterden	enteren:v
enterend	enteren:v
geënterd	enteren:v
remonstrantse	remonstrants:a
facturen	factuur:n
figuren	figuur:n
film	filmen:v
filmde	filmen:v
filmt	filmen:v
filmden	filmen:v
filmend	filmen:v
gefilmd	filmen:v
filosofe	filosoof:n
filosofen	filosoof:n
finten	fint:n
firmans	firman:n
firmannen	firman:n
firmannetje	firman:n
floten	fluiten:v
vestingen	vesting:n
vestinkje	vesting:n
fracturen	fractuur:n
frites	friet:n
gaste	gassen:v
geneer	generen:v
geneerde	generen:v
geneert	generen:v
geneerden	generen:v
generend	generen:v
gegeneerd	generen:v
graden	graad:n
harte	hart:n
hartens	harten:n
hartentje	harten:n
uppercuts	uppercut:n
uppercutje	uppercut:n
beurten	beurt:n
beurtje	beurt:n
willetje	wil:n
kuipje	kuip:n
kramen	kraam:n
kraampje	kraam:n
kersen	kers:n
briefjes	briefje:n
garnalen	garnaal:n
garnaaltje	garnaal:n
haringen	haring:n
harinkje	haring:n
mosselen	mossel:n
mossels	mossel:n
mosseltje	mossel:n
werkwoorden	werkwoord:n
werkwoordje	werkwoord:n
boodschappen	boodschap:n
boodschapjes	boodschappen:n
winkelde	winkelen:v
winkelt	winkelen:v
winkelden	winkelen:v
winkelend	winkelen:v
gewinkeld	winkelen:v
pinde	pinnen:v
pinden	pinnen:v
pinnend	pinnen:v
gepind	pinnen:v
kassa's	kassa:n
kassaatje	kassa:n
kersje	kers:n
tomaten	tomaat:n
tomaatje	tomaat:n
meloenen	meloen:n
meloentje	meloen:n
citroenen	citroen:n
citroentje	citroen:n
sperziebonen	sperzieboon:n
slaatje	sla:n
sinaasappelsapje	sinaasappelsap:n
knabbel	knabbelen:v
knabbelde	knabbelen:v
knabbelt	knabbelen:v
knabbelden	knabbelen:v
knabbelend	knabbelen:v
geknabbeld	knabbelen:v
afwas	afwassen:v
afwaste	afwassen:v
afwast	afwassen:v
afwasten	afwassen:v
afwassend	afwassen:v
afgewassen	afwassen:v
afwassen	afwas:n
invul	invullen:v
invulde	invullen:v
invult	invullen:v
invulden	invullen:v
invullend	invullen:v
ingevuld	invullen:v
stoplichten	stoplicht:n
stoplichtje	stoplicht:n
parkeergarages	parkeergarage:n
parkeergaragetje	parkeergarage:n
voorbije	voorbij:a
preciezer	precies:a
preciest	precies:a
precieze	precies:a
preciezere	precies:a
precieste	precies:a
ergens	iets:d
linkerkanten	linkerkant:n
linkerkantje	linkerkant:n
rechterkanten	rechterkant:n
rechterkantje	rechterkant:n
evacués	evacué:n
evacuees	evacué:n
evacueetje	evacué:n
afslagen	afslag:n
afslagje	afslag:n
politiebureaus	politiebureau:n
politiebureautje	politiebureau:n
postkantoren	postkantoor:n
postkantoortje	postkantoor:n
cools	cool:a
perfects	perfect:a
sleetser	sleets:a
sleetst	sleets:a
sleetse	sleets:a
sleetsere	sleets:a
sleetste	sleets:a
schoonmaak	schoonmaken:v
schoonmaakte	schoonmaken:v
schoonmaakt	schoonmaken:v
schoonmaakten	schoonmaken:v
schoonmakend	schoonmaken:v
schoongemaakt	schoonmaken:v
schoonmaken	schoonmaak:n
verfde	verven:v
verft	verven:v
verfden	verven:v
vervend	verven:v
geverfd	verven:v
besta	bestaan:v
bestond	bestaan:v
bestaat	bestaan:v
bestonden	bestaan:v
bestaand	bestaan:v
skeletje	skelet:n
geraamtes	geraamte:n
geraamten	geraamte:n
geraamtetje	geraamte:n
violisten	violist:n
violistje	violist:n
boekwinkels	boekwinkel:n
boekwinkeltje	boekwinkel:n
boekhandels	boekhandel:n
boekhandeltje	boekhandel:n
kledingzaken	kledingzaak:n
kledingzaakje	kledingzaak:n
warenhuizen	warenhuis:n
warenhuisje	warenhuis:n
schoenwinkel	schoenenwinkel:n
sportwinkels	sportwinkel:n
sportwinkeltje	sportwinkel:n
schoenen	schoen:n
schoentje	schoen:n
overhemden	overhemd:n
overhemdje	overhemd:n
stropdassen	stropdas:n
stropdasje	stropdas:n
horloges	horloge:n
horlogetje	horloge:n
oorbellen	oorbel:n
oorbelletje	oorbel:n
schilderijen	schilderij:n
schilderijtje	schilderij:n
schilder	schilderen:v
schilderde	schilderen:v
schildert	schilderen:v
schilderden	schilderen:v
schilderend	schilderen:v
geschilderd	schilderen:v
komischer	komisch:a
komischt	komisch:a
komische	komisch:a
komischere	komisch:a
komischte	komisch:a
oon	onen:v
oonde	onen:v
oont	onen:v
oonden	onen:v
onend	onen:v
geoond	onen:v
cahiers	cahier:n
cahiertje	cahier:n
waarschuw	waarschuwen:v
waarschuwde	waarschuwen:v
waarschuwt	waarschuwen:v
waarschuwden	waarschuwen:v
waarschuwend	waarschuwen:v
gewaarschuwd	waarschuwen:v
buschauffeurs	buschauffeur:n
buschauffeurtje	buschauffeur:n
strippenkaarten	strippenkaart:n
strippenkaartje	strippenkaart:n
afstempel	afstempelen:v
afstempelde	afstempelen:v
afstempelt	afstempelen:v
afstempelden	afstempelen:v
afstempelend	afstempelen:v
afgestempeld	afstempelen:v
treinkaarten	treinkaart:n
treinkaartje	treinkaart:n
kaartjes	kaartje:n
NS-stations	NS-station:n
NS-stationnetje	NS-station:n
geldige	geldig:a
enkeltjes	enkeltje:n
loketten	loket:n
loketje	loket:n
juister	juist:a
juistst	juist:a
juiste	juist:a
juistere	juist:a
juistste	juist:a
krantenkiosken	krantenkiosk:n
krantenkioskje	krantenkiosk:n
fietsenstallingen	fietsenstalling:n
fietsenstallinkje	fietsenstalling:n
telefooncellen	telefooncel:n
telefooncelletje	telefooncel:n
bushaltes	bushalte:n
bushalten	bushalte:n
bushaltje	bushalte:n
restauraties	restauratie:n
restauratietje	restauratie:n
wisselkantoren	wisselkantoor:n
wisselkantoortje	wisselkantoor:n
tijdschriften	tijdschrift:n
tijdschriftje	tijdschrift:n
wisselde	wisselen:v
wisselt	wisselen:v
wisselden	wisselen:v
wisselend	wisselen:v
gewisseld	wisselen:v
ingangen	ingang:n
ingangetje	ingang:n
uitgangen	uitgang:n
uitgangetje	uitgang:n
herhalingen	herhaling:n
herhalinkje	herhaling:n
herhaal	herhalen:v
herhaalde	herhalen:v
herhaalt	herhalen:v
herhaalden	herhalen:v
herhalend	herhalen:v
herhaald	herhalen:v
jongelingen	jongeling:n
jongelingetje	jongeling:n
individualisten	individualist:n
individualistje	individualist:n
inhalers	inhaler:n
inhalertje	inhaler:n
antitheses	antithese:n
lactases	lactase:n
paarde	paren:v
paart	paren:v
parend	paren:v
gepaard	paren:v
parodieën	parodie:n
parodietje	parodie:n
laaf	laven:v
laafde	laven:v
laaft	laven:v
laafden	laven:v
lavend	laven:v
gelaafd	laven:v
pase	pasen:v
paas	pasen:v
paaste	pasen:v
paast	pasen:v
paasten	pasen:v
pasend	pasen:v
gepaast	pasen:v
pasten	passen:v
patenen	pateen:n
pateentje	pateen:n
lijen	lijden:v|lij:n
loetje	loe:n
lockdowns	lockdown:n
plante	planten:v
plantte	planten:v
plantten	planten:v
plantend	planten:v
geplant	planten:v
premies	premie:n
premietje	premie:n
amusanter	amusant:a
amusantst	amusant:a
amusante	amusant:a
amusantere	amusant:a
amusantste	amusant:a
waterbedden	waterbed:n
waterbedje	waterbed:n
naden	naad:n
ordene	ordenen:v
ordende	ordenen:v
ordent	ordenen:v
ordenden	ordenen:v
ordenend	ordenen:v
geordend	ordenen:v
raap	rapen:v
raapte	rapen:v
raapt	rapen:v
raapten	rapen:v
rapend	rapen:v
geraapt	rapen:v
rapen	raap:n
raspe	raspen:v
raspte	raspen:v
raspt	raspen:v
raspten	raspen:v
raspend	raspen:v
geraspt	raspen:v
reclames	reclame:n
reclametje	reclame:n
regentessen	regentes:n
regentesje	regentes:n
remedietje	remedie:n
rentes	rente:n
renten	rente:n
rentetje	rente:n
repte	reppen:v
repten	reppen:v
segmenten	segment:n
segmentje	segment:n
reten	rijten:v|reet:n
rond	ronden:v
rondde	ronden:v
rondt	ronden:v
rondden	ronden:v
rondend	ronden:v
gerond	ronden:v
root	roten:v
rootte	roten:v
rootten	roten:v
rotend	roten:v
geroot	roten:v
taal	talen:v
taalde	talen:v
taalt	talen:v
taalden	talen:v
talend	talen:v
getaald	talen:v
talleisem	talles:n
talleises	talles:n
silben	silbe:n
testte	testen:v
testten	testen:v
testend	testen:v
getest	testen:v
tilden	tillen:v
tirannen	tiran:n
tirannetje	tiran:n
toom	tomen:v
toomde	tomen:v
toomt	tomen:v
toomden	tomen:v
tomend	tomen:v
getoomd	tomen:v
torn	tornen:v
tornde	tornen:v
tornt	tornen:v
tornden	tornen:v
tornend	tornen:v
getornd	tornen:v
subsidies	subsidie:n
subsidietje	subsidie:n
bezanten	bezant:n
bezantje	bezant:n
trille	trillen:v
tril	trillen:v
trilde	trillen:v
trilt	trillen:v
trilden	trillen:v
trillend	trillen:v
getrild	trillen:v
trotes	trote:n
troteke	trote:n
turn	turnen:v
turnde	turnen:v
turnt	turnen:v
turnden	turnen:v
turnend	turnen:v
geturnd	turnen:v
valider	valide:a
valiedst	valide:a
validere	valide:a
valiedste	valide:a
valides	valide:a
vare	varen:v
vaar	varen:v|vader:n
voer	varen:v|voeren:v
voeren	varen:v|voer:n
varend	varen:v
vaarde	varen:v
vaarden	varen:v
varens	varen:n
varentje	varen:n
vede	vete:n
vele	veel:r|veel:t|velen:v
veelde	velen:v
veelt	velen:v
veelden	velen:v
velend	velen:v
geveeld	velen:v
vetes	vete:n
veten	vete:n
vetetje	vete:n
violen	viool:n
visites	visite:n
wax	waxen:v
waxte	waxen:v
waxt	waxen:v
waxten	waxen:v
waxend	waxen:v
gewaxt	waxen:v
ricinussen	ricinus:n
ricinusje	ricinus:n
viste	vissen:v
symbioses	symbiose:n
hee	hé:i
pieten	piet:n
pietje	piet:n
biede	bieden:v
edelweissen	edelweiss:n
edelweissje	edelweiss:n
charmes	charme:n
gesten	geste:n
gestes	geste:n
planters	planter:n
carrières	carrière:n
carrièretje	carrière:n
verhaaltjes	verhaaltje:n
revues	revue:n
revuetje	revue:n
tefillot	tefilla:n
dere	deren:v
officianten	officiant:n
wendingen	wending:n
wendingetje	wending:n
wendinkje	wending:n
rolletje	rol:n
vriendinnen	vriendin:n
vriendinnetje	vriendin:n
cancans	cancan:n
gewoond	wonen:v
woon	wonen:v
woonde	wonen:v
woont	wonen:v
woonden	wonen:v
wonend	wonen:v
heerlijker	heerlijk:a
heerlijkst	heerlijk:a
heerlijke	heerlijk:a
heerlijkere	heerlijk:a
heerlijkste	heerlijk:a
plattelanden	platteland:n
plattelandje	platteland:n
bedrijven	bedrijf:n
bedrijfje	bedrijf:n
bedrijf	bedrijven:v
ontwerpers	ontwerper:n
ontwerpertje	ontwerper:n
vogeltjesmarkten	vogeltjesmarkt:n
rijtuigen	rijtuig:n
rijtuigje	rijtuig:n
gidsen	gids:n
gidsje	gids:n
biefstukken	biefstuk:n
biefstukje	biefstuk:n
eigenlijke	eigenlijk:a
nagerechten	nagerecht:n
nagerechtje	nagerecht:n
voorgerechten	voorgerecht:n
voorgerechtje	voorgerecht:n
hoofdgerechten	hoofdgerecht:n
hoofdgerechtje	hoofdgerecht:n
toetjes	toetje:n
toetje	toet:n
verslaap	verslapen:v
versliep	verslapen:v
verslaapt	verslapen:v
versliepen	verslapen:v
verslapend	verslapen:v
aphelia	aphelium:n
figuranten	figurant:n
figurantje	figurant:n
gladiolus	gladiool:n
manieren	manier:n
maniertje	manier:n
terreurs	terreur:n
terreuren	terreur:n
terreurtje	terreur:n
ordinaire	ordinair:a
amendes	amende:n
mislukkelingen	mislukkeling:n
mislukkelingetje	mislukkeling:n
vertalers	vertaler:n
vertalertje	vertaler:n
trutten	trut:n
trutje	trut:n
almen	alm:n
ambassades	ambassade:n
ambassadetje	ambassade:n
ambassaden	ambassade:n
ambassaatje	ambassade:n
opval	opvallen:v
opviel	opvallen:v
opvalt	opvallen:v
opvielen	opvallen:v
opvallend	opvallen:v
opgevallen	opvallen:v
verklaar	verklaren:v
verklaarde	verklaren:v
verklaart	verklaren:v
verklaarden	verklaren:v
verklarend	verklaren:v
verklaard	verklaren:v
brisanter	brisant:a
brisantst	brisant:a
brisante	brisant:a
brisantere	brisant:a
brisantste	brisant:a
paradigmata	paradigma:n
paradigma's	paradigma:n
betels	betel:n
gaden	gade:n
gadetje	gade:n
boobytraps	boobytrap:n
brasserieën	brasserie:n
brasserietje	brasserie:n
pruiken	pruik:n
pruikje	pruik:n
rijbewijzen	rijbewijs:n
rijbewijsje	rijbewijs:n
loterijen	loterij:n
loterijtje	loterij:n
terrasje	terras:n
terrasjes	terrasje:n
opdrachten	opdracht:n
opdrachtje	opdracht:n
eerdere	eerder:a
eerders	eerder:n
eerdertje	eerder:n
voornaamwoorden	voornaamwoord:n
voornaamwoordje	voornaamwoord:n
onzijdiger	onzijdig:a
onzijdigst	onzijdig:a
onzijdige	onzijdig:a
onzijdigere	onzijdig:a
onzijdigste	onzijdig:a
vrouwelijker	vrouwelijk:a
vrouwelijkst	vrouwelijk:a
vrouwelijke	vrouwelijk:a
vrouwelijkere	vrouwelijk:a
vrouwelijkste	vrouwelijk:a
onderwijs	onderwijzen:v
telwoorden	telwoord:n
telwoordje	telwoord:n
mobieler	mobiel:a
mobielst	mobiel:a
mobiele	mobiel:a
mobielere	mobiel:a
mobielste	mobiel:a
mobielen	mobiel:n
mobieltje	mobiel:n
telefoontjes	telefoontje:n
nul-zes-nummer	06-nummer:n
vorige	vorig:a
inlichtingen	inlichting:n
fietsen	fiets:n
fietsje	fiets:n
fiets	fietsen:v
tramhaltes	tramhalte:n
tramhalten	tramhalte:n
tramhaltje	tramhalte:n
stationsgebouwen	stationsgebouw:n
stationsgebouwtje	stationsgebouw:n
bushokje	bushok:n
bushokjes	bushokje:n
spaarpotten	spaarpot:n
spaarpotje	spaarpot:n
blijk	blijken:v
bleek	blijken:v|bleken:v
blijkt	blijken:v
bleken	blijken:v
blijkend	blijken:v
gebleken	blijken:v
blijken	blijk:n
verbeter	verbeteren:v
verbeterde	verbeteren:v
verbetert	verbeteren:v
verbeterden	verbeteren:v
verbeterend	verbeteren:v
verbeterd	verbeteren:v
verbeteringen	verbetering:n
verbeteringetje	verbetering:n
centrifuges	centrifuge:n
centrifugetje	centrifuge:n
dieven	dief:n
diefje	dief:n
inschenk	inschenken:v
inschonk	inschenken:v
inschenkt	inschenken:v
inschonken	inschenken:v
inschenkend	inschenken:v
ingeschonken	inschenken:v
vluchten	vlucht:n
vluchtje	vlucht:n
vlucht	vluchten:v
aantallen	aantal:n
aantalletje	aantal:n
leeuwinnen	leeuwin:n
leeuwinnetje	leeuwin:n
bijwoorden	bijwoord:n
bijwoordje	bijwoord:n
waarover	over:d
waaraan	aan:d
waarvan	van:d
waaruit	uit:d
betrouwbaarder	betrouwbaar:a
betrouwbaarst	betrouwbaar:a
betrouwbare	betrouwbaar:a
betrouwbaardere	betrouwbaar:a
betrouwbaarste	betrouwbaar:a
afrond	afronden:v
afrondde	afronden:v
afrondt	afronden:v
afrondden	afronden:v
afrondend	afronden:v
afgerond	afronden:v
jaarverslagen	jaarverslag:n
jaarverslagje	jaarverslag:n
publiceer	publiceren:v
publiceerde	publiceren:v
publiceert	publiceren:v
publiceerden	publiceren:v
publicerend	publiceren:v
gepubliceerd	publiceren:v
vergaderingen	vergadering:n
vergaderingetje	vergadering:n
vergader	vergaderen:v
vergaderde	vergaderen:v
vergadert	vergaderen:v
vergaderden	vergaderen:v
vergaderend	vergaderen:v
vergaderd	vergaderen:v
relaties	relatie:n
relatietje	relatie:n
zakenrelaties	zakenrelatie:n
zakenrelatietje	zakenrelatie:n
getekende	getekend:a
eraan	aan:d
eronder	onder:d
erbij	bij:d
cijfers	cijfer:n
cijfertje	cijfer:n
cijfer	cijferen:v
hekels	hekel:n
hekeltje	hekel:n
ervan	van:d
erop	op:d
intuïties	intuïtie:n
besteed	besteden:v
besteedde	besteden:v
besteedt	besteden:v
besteedden	besteden:v
bestedend	besteden:v
daarvan	van:d
daarop	op:d
zekerheden	zekerheid:n
zekerheidje	zekerheid:n
tegenwoordige	tegenwoordig:a
berichten	bericht:n
bericht	berichten:v
bijbels	bijbel:n|Bijbels:a
bijbeltje	bijbel:n
mannelijker	mannelijk:a
mannelijkst	mannelijk:a
mannelijke	mannelijk:a
mannelijkere	mannelijk:a
mannelijkste	mannelijk:a
letterkundes	letterkunde:n
medicijnen	medicijn:n
medicijntje	medicijn:n
humanisten	humanist:n
humanistje	humanist:n
merkje	merk:n
Higgsbosonen	Higgsboson:n
Higgsbosonnetje	Higgsboson:n
hoteliers	hotelier:n
keizerpinguïn	keizerspinguïn:n
koninklijker	koninklijk:a
koninklijkst	koninklijk:a
koninklijke	koninklijk:a
koninklijkere	koninklijk:a
koninklijkste	koninklijk:a
woede	woeden:v
overwinteringen	overwintering:n
profiteroles	profiterole:n
hypnotisere	hypnotiseren:v
novelles	novelle:n
novellen	novelle:n
novelletje	novelle:n
legeringen	legering:n
legerinkje	legering:n
coolers	cool:a
vore	voor:n
Bretonse	Bretons:a
tautologieën	tautologie:n
tautologietje	tautologie:n
ballingen	balling:n
ballinkje	balling:n
plunderingen	plundering:n
reddingen	redding:n
reddinkje	redding:n
loopings	looping:n
loopinkje	looping:n
kreteks	kretek:n
nano-ohms	nano-ohm:n
micro-ohms	micro-ohm:n
kilo-ohms	kilo-ohm:n
pico-ohms	pico-ohm:n
supercomputers	supercomputer:n
supercomputertje	supercomputer:n
sporangia	sporangium:n
sporangiummetje	sporangium:n
conservators	conservator:n
conservatoren	conservator:n
conservatortje	conservator:n
brigadiers	brigadier:n
taiga's	taiga:n
equaliser	equalizer:n
dunt	dunnen:v
poten	poot:n
poot	poten:v
evacuee	evacué:n
slaag	slagen:v
slaagde	slagen:v
slaagt	slagen:v
slaagden	slagen:v
slagend	slagen:v
geslaagd	slagen:v
tanke	tanken:v
regels	regel:n
regelen	regel:n
regeltje	regel:n
regel	regelen:v
snoof	snuiven:v
expressionisten	expressionist:n
vort	voort:d
conjuncties	conjunctie:n
radicaler	radicaal:a
radicaalst	radicaal:a
radicale	radicaal:a
radicalere	radicaal:a
radicaalste	radicaal:a
radicalen	radicaal:n
radicaaltje	radicaal:n
gener	geen:t
legio's	legio:n
politieken	politiek:n
politiekje	politiek:n
politieker	politiek:a
politiekst	politiek:a
politieke	politiek:a
politiekere	politiek:a
politiekste	politiek:a
versta	verstaan:v
verstond	verstaan:v
verstaat	verstaan:v
verstonden	verstaan:v
verstaand	verstaan:v
cursussen	cursus:n
cursusje	cursus:n
Sina	China:m
floretten	floret:n
floretje	floret:n
pronomina	pronomen:n
drille	drillen:v
tondeuses	tondeuse:n
tondeusetje	tondeuse:n
grien	grienen:v
heiten	heit:n
heitje	heit:n
heit	heien:v
maaie	maaien:v
neffens	nevens:p
nij	nieuw:a
stiet	stoten:v
stik	stikken:v
hielen	hiel:n
hieltje	hiel:n
serendipiteiten	serendipiteit:n
koersen	koers:n
koersje	koers:n
vaardigheden	vaardigheid:n
vaardigheidje	vaardigheid:n
onderhandel	onderhandelen:v
onderhandelde	onderhandelen:v
onderhandelt	onderhandelen:v
onderhandelden	onderhandelen:v
onderhandelend	onderhandelen:v
onderhandeld	onderhandelen:v
voordelen	voordeel:n
voordeeltje	voordeel:n
nadelen	nadeel:n
nadeeltje	nadeel:n
basisscholen	basisschool:n
basisschooltje	basisschool:n
lesgeef	lesgeven:v
lesgaf	lesgeven:v
lesgeeft	lesgeven:v
lesgaven	lesgeven:v
lesgevend	lesgeven:v
lesgegeven	lesgeven:v
voldoeningen	voldoening:n
voldoeninkje	voldoening:n
uitstel	uitstellen:v
uitstelde	uitstellen:v
uitstelt	uitstellen:v
uitstelden	uitstellen:v
uitstellend	uitstellen:v
uitgesteld	uitstellen:v
mogelijkheden	mogelijkheid:n
onmogelijker	onmogelijk:a
onmogelijkst	onmogelijk:a
onmogelijke	onmogelijk:a
onmogelijkere	onmogelijk:a
onmogelijkste	onmogelijk:a
bepaal	bepalen:v
bepaalde	bepalen:v|bepaald:a
bepaalt	bepalen:v
bepaalden	bepalen:v
bepalend	bepalen:v
bepaald	bepalen:v
besluit	besluiten:v
besloot	besluiten:v
besloten	besluiten:v
besluitend	besluiten:v
besluiten	besluit:n
uiteindelijker	uiteindelijk:a
uiteindelijkst	uiteindelijk:a
uiteindelijke	uiteindelijk:a
uiteindelijkere	uiteindelijk:a
uiteindelijkste	uiteindelijk:a
functies	functie:n
functietje	functie:n
sollicitaties	sollicitatie:n
sollicitatietje	sollicitatie:n
inlever	inleveren:v
inleverde	inleveren:v
inlevert	inleveren:v
inleverden	inleveren:v
inleverend	inleveren:v
ingeleverd	inleveren:v
aanraad	aanraden:v
aanraadde	aanraden:v
aanraadt	aanraden:v
aanraadden	aanraden:v
aanradend	aanraden:v
aangeraden	aanraden:v
aanried	aanraden:v
aanrieden	aanraden:v
raad	raden:v
raadde	raden:v
raadt	raden:v
raadden	raden:v
radend	raden:v
geraden	raden:v
ried	raden:v
rieden	raden:v
raden	raad:n|rad:n
rade	raden:v|raad:n
muffer	muf:a
mufst	muf:a
muffe	muf:a
muffere	muf:a
mufste	muf:a
ultramarathons	ultramarathon:n
ultramarathonnetje	ultramarathon:n
tabletoppen	tabletop:n
tabletopje	tabletop:n
jankers	janker:n
voltijdse	voltijds:a
deeltijdse	deeltijds:a
oplossingen	oplossing:n
oplossinkje	oplossing:n
bestanden	bestand:n
bestandje	bestand:n
bestande	bestand:a
redelijker	redelijk:a
redelijkst	redelijk:a
redelijke	redelijk:a
redelijkere	redelijk:a
redelijkste	redelijk:a
huisartsen	huisarts:n
huisartsje	huisarts:n
spreekkamers	spreekkamer:n
spreekkamertje	spreekkamer:n
voorstel	voorstellen:v
voorstelde	voorstellen:v
voorstelt	voorstellen:v
voorstelden	voorstellen:v
voorstellend	voorstellen:v
voorgesteld	voorstellen:v
voorstellen	voorstel:n
beziger	bezig:a
bezigst	bezig:a
bezige	bezig:a
bezigere	bezig:a
bezigste	bezig:a
stoerder	stoer:a
stoerst	stoer:a
stoere	stoer:a
stoerdere	stoer:a
stoerste	stoer:a
stuur	sturen:v
stuurde	sturen:v
stuurt	sturen:v
stuurden	sturen:v
sturend	sturen:v
gestuurd	sturen:v
sturen	stuur:n
stuurtje	stuur:n
duizeligheden	duizeligheid:n
terugkom	terugkomen:v
terugkwam	terugkomen:v
terugkomt	terugkomen:v
terugkwamen	terugkomen:v
terugkomend	terugkomen:v
teruggekomen	terugkomen:v
röntgenfoto's	röntgenfoto:n
uitslagen	uitslag:n
uitslagje	uitslag:n
jeuk	jeuken:v
jeukte	jeuken:v
jeukt	jeuken:v
jeukten	jeuken:v
jeukend	jeuken:v
gejeukt	jeuken:v
besmettelijker	besmettelijk:a
besmettelijkst	besmettelijk:a
besmettelijke	besmettelijk:a
besmettelijkere	besmettelijk:a
besmettelijkste	besmettelijk:a
recepten	recept:n
receptje	recept:n
zalven	zalf:n
zalfje	zalf:n
zalf	zalven:v
sensualisten	sensualist:n
sensualistje	sensualist:n
topoi	topos:n
toposje	topos:n
orchideeën	orchidee:n
orchideetje	orchidee:n
buizen	buis:n
buisje	buis:n
buis	buizen:v
digitale	digitaal:a
radelozer	radeloos:a
radeloost	radeloos:a
radeloze	radeloos:a
radelozere	radeloos:a
radelooste	radeloos:a
behandelingen	behandeling:n
behandelinkje	behandeling:n
lichamelijker	lichamelijk:a
lichamelijkst	lichamelijk:a
lichamelijke	lichamelijk:a
lichamelijkere	lichamelijk:a
lichamelijkste	lichamelijk:a
zeur	zeuren:v
zeurde	zeuren:v
zeurt	zeuren:v
zeurden	zeuren:v
zeurend	zeuren:v
gezeurd	zeuren:v
zeuren	zeur:n
plekken	plek:n
plekje	plek:n
levensbelangrijke	levensbelangrijk:a
naïever	naïef:a
naïefst	naïef:a
naïeve	naïef:a
naïevere	naïef:a
naïefste	naïef:a
discotheken	discotheek:n
discotheekje	discotheek:n
vluchtte	vluchten:v
vluchtten	vluchten:v
vluchtend	vluchten:v
gevlucht	vluchten:v
gevluchten	gevlucht:n
waarop	op:d
waaronder	onder:d
aflever	afleveren:v
afleverde	afleveren:v
aflevert	afleveren:v
afleverden	afleveren:v
afleverend	afleveren:v
afgeleverd	afleveren:v
tijdstippen	tijdstip:n
tijdstipje	tijdstip:n
koopje	koop:n
bedenk	bedenken:v
bedacht	bedenken:v
bedenkt	bedenken:v
bedachten	bedenken:v
bedenkend	bedenken:v
aanbiedingen	aanbieding:n
aanbiedinkje	aanbieding:n
bevrijdingen	bevrijding:n
bevrijdinkje	bevrijding:n
bevrijd	bevrijden:v
bevrijdde	bevrijden:v
bevrijdt	bevrijden:v
bevrijdden	bevrijden:v
bevrijdend	bevrijden:v
supermarkten	supermarkt:n
supermarktje	supermarkt:n
rustiger	rustig:a
rustigst	rustig:a
rustige	rustig:a
rustigere	rustig:a
rustigste	rustig:a
koelkasten	koelkast:n
koelkastje	koelkast:n
uitspaar	uitsparen:v
uitspaarde	uitsparen:v
uitspaart	uitsparen:v
uitspaarden	uitsparen:v
uitsparend	uitsparen:v
uitgespaard	uitsparen:v
internette	internetten:v
internettend	internetten:v
geïnternet	internetten:v
computerde	computeren:v
computert	computeren:v
computerden	computeren:v
computerend	computeren:v
gecomputerd	computeren:v
belastingformulieren	belastingformulier:n
belastingformuliertje	belastingformulier:n
belastingen	belasting:n
belastinkje	belasting:n
belast	belasten:v
belastte	belasten:v
belastten	belasten:v
belastend	belasten:v
goeie	goed:a
tuinier	tuinieren:v
tuinierde	tuinieren:v
tuiniert	tuinieren:v
tuinierden	tuinieren:v
tuinierend	tuinieren:v
getuinierd	tuinieren:v
rollerskates	rollerskate:n
camelia's	camelia:n
baco's	baco:n
bacootje	baco:n
Monika	Monica:m
dierentuinen	dierentuin:n
dierentuintje	dierentuin:n
overige	overig:a
bezocht	bezoeken:v
bezoekt	bezoeken:v
bezochten	bezoeken:v
bezoekend	bezoeken:v
klets	kletsen:v
kletste	kletsen:v
kletst	kletsen:v
kletsten	kletsen:v
kletsend	kletsen:v
gekletst	kletsen:v
onpersoonlijker	onpersoonlijk:a
onpersoonlijkst	onpersoonlijk:a
onpersoonlijke	onpersoonlijk:a
onpersoonlijkere	onpersoonlijk:a
onpersoonlijkste	onpersoonlijk:a
eenvoudiger	eenvoudig:a
eenvoudigst	eenvoudig:a
eenvoudige	eenvoudig:a
eenvoudigere	eenvoudig:a
eenvoudigste	eenvoudig:a
bezorg	bezorgen:v
bezorgde	bezorgen:v|bezorgd:a
bezorgt	bezorgen:v
bezorgden	bezorgen:v
bezorgend	bezorgen:v
bezorgd	bezorgen:v
bevestigingen	bevestiging:n
bevestigingetje	bevestiging:n
bedreef	bedrijven:v
bedrijft	bedrijven:v
bedrijvend	bedrijven:v
godsdiensten	godsdienst:n
godsdienstje	godsdienst:n
bereik	bereiken:v
bereikte	bereiken:v
bereikt	bereiken:v
bereikten	bereiken:v
bereikend	bereiken:v
bereiken	bereik:n
afdelingen	afdeling:n
afdelinkje	afdeling:n
dwarser	dwars:a
dwarst	dwars:a
dwarse	dwars:a
dwarsere	dwars:a
dwarste	dwars:a
bedoel	bedoelen:v
bedoelde	bedoelen:v
bedoelt	bedoelen:v
bedoelden	bedoelen:v
bedoelend	bedoelen:v
bedoeld	bedoelen:v
middeleeuwser	middeleeuws:a
middeleeuwst	middeleeuws:a
middeleeuwse	middeleeuws:a
middeleeuwsere	middeleeuws:a
middeleeuwste	middeleeuws:a
zeilboten	zeilboot:n
zeilbootje	zeilboot:n
spreekbeurten	spreekbeurt:n
spreekbeurtje	spreekbeurt:n
verscheidene	verscheiden:a
verschillende	verschillend:a
plaatselijker	plaatselijk:a
plaatselijkst	plaatselijk:a
plaatselijke	plaatselijk:a
plaatselijkere	plaatselijk:a
plaatselijkste	plaatselijk:a
bepaalder	bepaald:a
bepaaldst	bepaald:a
bepaaldere	bepaald:a
bepaaldste	bepaald:a
omgevingen	omgeving:n
omgevinkje	omgeving:n
landelijker	landelijk:a
landelijkst	landelijk:a
landelijke	landelijk:a
landelijkere	landelijk:a
landelijkste	landelijk:a
zenders	zender:n
zendertje	zender:n
boulevardbladen	boulevardblad:n
boulevardblaadje	boulevardblad:n
zogenaamde	zogenaamd:a
invloeden	invloed:n
invloedjes	invloed:n
blijkbaarder	blijkbaar:a
blijkbaarst	blijkbaar:a
blijkbare	blijkbaar:a
blijkbaardere	blijkbaar:a
blijkbaarste	blijkbaar:a
absoluter	absoluut:a
absoluutst	absoluut:a
absolutere	absoluut:a
absoluutste	absoluut:a
regelmatiger	regelmatig:a
regelmatigst	regelmatig:a
regelmatige	regelmatig:a
regelmatigere	regelmatig:a
regelmatigste	regelmatig:a
lelijker	lelijk:a
lelijkst	lelijk:a
lelijke	lelijk:a
lelijkere	lelijk:a
lelijkste	lelijk:a
rondleidingen	rondleiding:n
rondleidinkje	rondleiding:n
fietstochten	fietstocht:n
fietstochtje	fietstocht:n
poffertjes	poffertje:n
vrolijker	vrolijk:a
vrolijkst	vrolijk:a
vrolijke	vrolijk:a
vrolijkere	vrolijk:a
vrolijkste	vrolijk:a
binnenlanden	binnenland:n
openbaarder	openbaar:a
openbaarst	openbaar:a
openbare	openbaar:a|openbaren:v
openbaardere	openbaar:a
openbaarste	openbaar:a
openbaar	openbaren:v
trouwtje	trouw:n
trouwer	trouw:a
trouwst	trouw:a
trouwe	trouw:a|trouwen:v
trouwere	trouw:a
trouwste	trouw:a
stompzinniger	stompzinnig:a
stompzinnigst	stompzinnig:a
stompzinnige	stompzinnig:a
stompzinnigere	stompzinnig:a
stompzinnigste	stompzinnig:a
maatschappijen	maatschappij:n
maatschappijtje	maatschappij:n
stiekemer	stiekem:a
stiekemst	stiekem:a
stiekeme	stiekem:a
stiekemere	stiekem:a
stiekemste	stiekem:a
luchtmachten	luchtmacht:n
luchtmachtje	luchtmacht:n
passend	passen:v
gepast	passen:v
pass	passen:v
passte	passen:v
passt	passen:v
passten	passen:v
gepasst	passen:v
gebruikers	gebruiker:n
gebruikertje	gebruiker:n
slik	slikken:v
slikte	slikken:v
slikt	slikken:v
slikten	slikken:v
slikkend	slikken:v
geslikt	slikken:v
forser	fors:a
forst	fors:a
forse	fors:a
forsere	fors:a
forste	fors:a
verzekeringen	verzekering:n
verzekeringetje	verzekering:n
verzekerinkje	verzekering:n
illusterder	illuster:a
illusterst	illuster:a
verzeker	verzekeren:v
verzekerde	verzekeren:v
verzekert	verzekeren:v
verzekerden	verzekeren:v
verzekerend	verzekeren:v
verzekerd	verzekeren:v
verkiezingen	verkiezing:n
verkiezinkje	verkiezing:n
zetels	zetel:n
zeteltje	zetel:n
zetel	zetelen:v
waardoor	door:d
verkies	verkiezen:v
verkoos	verkiezen:v
verkiest	verkiezen:v
verkozen	verkiezen:v
verkiezend	verkiezen:v
verkoor	verkiezen:v
verkoren	verkiezen:v
aanklaag	aanklagen:v
aanklaagde	aanklagen:v
aanklaagt	aanklagen:v
aanklaagden	aanklagen:v
aanklagend	aanklagen:v
aangeklaagd	aanklagen:v
gunningen	gunning:n
ridders	ridder:n
riddertje	ridder:n
ridder	ridderen:v
serieuzer	serieus:a
serieust	serieus:a
serieuze	serieus:a
serieuzere	serieus:a
serieuste	serieus:a
overweeg	overwegen:v
overwoog	overwegen:v
overweegt	overwegen:v
overwogen	overwegen:v
overwegend	overwegen:v
formeer	formeren:v
formeerde	formeren:v
formeert	formeren:v
formeerden	formeren:v
formerend	formeren:v
geformeerd	formeren:v
uitsluit	uitsluiten:v
uitsloot	uitsluiten:v
uitsloten	uitsluiten:v
uitsluitend	uitsluiten:v
uitgesloten	uitsluiten:v
Braziliaanser	Braziliaans:a
Braziliaanst	Braziliaans:a
Braziliaanse	Braziliaans:a
Braziliaansere	Braziliaans:a
Braziliaanste	Braziliaans:a
schnitzels	schnitzel:n
schnitzeltje	schnitzel:n
invloedrijker	invloedrijk:a
invloedrijkst	invloedrijk:a
invloedrijke	invloedrijk:a
invloedrijkere	invloedrijk:a
invloedrijkste	invloedrijk:a
erkender	erkend:a
erkendst	erkend:a
erkendere	erkend:a
erkendste	erkend:a
liefhebbers	liefhebber:n
liefhebbertje	liefhebber:n
bisschoppen	bisschop:n
bisschopje	bisschop:n
geregelder	geregeld:a
geregeldst	geregeld:a
geregelde	geregeld:a
geregeldere	geregeld:a
geregeldste	geregeld:a
geregeld	regelen:v
commentaren	commentaar:n
gevalletje	geval:n
begrotingen	begroting:n
begrotinkje	begroting:n
vormingen	vorming:n
vorminkje	vorming:n
overleggen	overleg:n
overlegje	overleg:n
overleg	overleggen:v
partijen	partij:n
partijtje	partij:n
gesprekken	gesprek:n
gesprekje	gesprek:n
verslagen	verslag:n|verslaan:v
verslagje	verslag:n
eindverslagen	eindverslag:n
eindverslagje	eindverslag:n
indien	indienen:v
indiende	indienen:v
indient	indienen:v
indienden	indienen:v
indienend	indienen:v
ingediend	indienen:v
diensten	dienst:n
dienstje	dienst:n
bergleeuwen	bergleeuw:n
bergleeuwtje	bergleeuw:n
taakje	taak:n
benoem	benoemen:v
benoemde	benoemen:v
benoemt	benoemen:v
benoemden	benoemen:v
benoemend	benoemen:v
benoemd	benoemen:v
meerdere	meerder:a|meerderen:v
meerderen	meerdere:n|meerdere:r
informateurs	informateur:n
informateurtje	informateur:n
formateuren	formateur:n
aflopen	afloop:n
bewegingen	beweging:n
beweginkje	beweging:n
voldoendes	voldoende:n
voldoenden	voldoende:n
voldoendetje	voldoende:n
beleidje	beleid:n
inzet	inzetten:v
inzette	inzetten:v
inzettend	inzetten:v
ingezet	inzetten:v
onderhandelingen	onderhandeling:n
onderhandelingetje	onderhandeling:n
vreemdelingen	vreemdeling:n
vreemdelingetje	vreemdeling:n
vreemdelingenbeleiden	vreemdelingenbeleid:n
vreemdelingenbeleidje	vreemdelingenbeleid:n
verdelingen	verdeling:n
verdelinkje	verdeling:n
inkomensverdelingen	inkomensverdeling:n
verschillend	verschillen:v
verschilde	verschillen:v
verschilt	verschillen:v
verschilden	verschillen:v
verschild	verschillen:v
bodywarmers	bodywarmer:n
bodywarmertje	bodywarmer:n
pogingen	poging:n
poginkje	poging:n
poog	pogen:v
poogde	pogen:v
poogt	pogen:v
poogden	pogen:v
pogend	pogen:v
gepoogd	pogen:v
wetgevingen	wetgeving:n
wetgevinkje	wetgeving:n
huwelijken	huwelijk:n
huwelijkje	huwelijk:n
verworvenheden	verworvenheid:n
verworvenheidje	verworvenheid:n
standpunten	standpunt:n
standpuntje	standpunt:n
voorzitters	voorzitter:n
voorzittertje	voorzitter:n
toonde	tonen:v
toont	tonen:v
toonden	tonen:v
tonend	tonen:v
getoond	tonen:v
beteken	betekenen:v
betekende	betekenen:v
betekent	betekenen:v
betekenden	betekenen:v
betekenend	betekenen:v
betekend	betekenen:v
heers	heersen:v
heerste	heersen:v
heerst	heersen:v
heersten	heersen:v
heersend	heersen:v
geheerst	heersen:v
woningen	woning:n
woninkje	woning:n
onrechter	onrecht:a
onrechtst	onrecht:a
onrechte	onrecht:a|onrecht:n
onrechtere	onrecht:a
onrechtste	onrecht:a
noden	nood:n
noodje	nood:n
huurwoningen	huurwoning:n
huurwoninkje	huurwoning:n
wachtlijsten	wachtlijst:n
wachtlijstje	wachtlijst:n
lijsten	lijst:n
lijstje	lijst:n
verhuis	verhuizen:v
verhuisde	verhuizen:v
verhuist	verhuizen:v
verhuisden	verhuizen:v
verhuizend	verhuizen:v
verhuisd	verhuizen:v
acuter	acuut:a
acuutst	acuut:a
acutere	acuut:a
acuutste	acuut:a
ministeries	ministerie:n
ministerietje	ministerie:n
organisaties	organisatie:n
organisatietje	organisatie:n
fronsen	frons:n
fronsje	frons:n
inschrijf	inschrijven:v
inschreef	inschrijven:v
inschrijft	inschrijven:v
inschreven	inschrijven:v
inschrijvend	inschrijven:v
ingeschreven	inschrijven:v
aanmeld	aanmelden:v
aanmeldde	aanmelden:v
aanmeldt	aanmelden:v
aanmeldden	aanmelden:v
aanmeldend	aanmelden:v
aangemeld	aanmelden:v
strategische	strategisch:a
strategischer	strategisch:a
strategischt	strategisch:a
strategischere	strategisch:a
strategischte	strategisch:a
wachttijden	wachttijd:n
wachttijdje	wachttijd:n
oploop	oplopen:v
opliep	oplopen:v
oploopt	oplopen:v
opliepen	oplopen:v
oplopend	oplopen:v
opgelopen	oplopen:v
mifepristone	mifepriston:n
rationalisten	rationalist:n
revolutionairenveldbedden	revolutionairenveldbed:n
revolutionairenveldbedje	revolutionairenveldbed:n
passanten	passant:n
passantje	passant:n
cosplays	cosplay:n
cosplay	cosplayen:v
grammatici	grammaticus:n
grammaticusje	grammaticus:n
cosplayers	cosplayer:n
terrines	terrine:n
briefings	briefing:n
donder	donderen:v
bliksems	bliksem:n
bliksempje	bliksem:n
bliksem	bliksemen:v
vlei	vleien:v
milliohms	milliohm:n
aangedaner	aangedaan:a
aangedaanst	aangedaan:a
aangedane	aangedaan:a
aangedanere	aangedaan:a
aangedaanste	aangedaan:a
aangedaan	aandoen:v
aanrakingen	aanraking:n
boodschapje	boodschap:n
kerstboodschappen	kerstboodschap:n
kerstboodschapje	kerstboodschap:n
meningsuitingen	meningsuiting:n
meningsuitinkje	meningsuiting:n
democratieën	democratie:n
democratietje	democratie:n
bevocht	bevochten:v|bevechten:v
bevochtte	bevochten:v
bevochtten	bevochten:v
bevochtend	bevochten:v
bevochten	bevechten:v
beperk	beperken:v
beperkte	beperken:v|beperkt:a
beperkt	beperken:v
beperkten	beperken:v
beperkend	beperken:v
beschavingen	beschaving:n
beschavinkje	beschaving:n
beledig	beledigen:v
beledigde	beledigen:v
beledigt	beledigen:v
beledigden	beledigen:v
beledigend	beledigen:v
beledigd	beledigen:v
onderstreep	onderstrepen:v
onderstreepte	onderstrepen:v
onderstreept	onderstrepen:v
onderstreepten	onderstrepen:v
onderstrepend	onderstrepen:v
godsdienstvrijheden	godsdienstvrijheid:n
kwets	kwetsen:v
kwetste	kwetsen:v
kwetst	kwetsen:v
kwetsten	kwetsen:v
kwetsend	kwetsen:v
gekwetst	kwetsen:v
oproep	oproepen:v
opriep	oproepen:v
oproept	oproepen:v
opriepen	oproepen:v
oproepend	oproepen:v
opgeroepen	oproepen:v
waardes	waarde:n
waardetje	waarde:n
omga	omgaan:v
omging	omgaan:v
omgaat	omgaan:v
omgingen	omgaan:v
omgaand	omgaan:v
omgegaan	omgaan:v
onontbeerlijker	onontbeerlijk:a
onontbeerlijkst	onontbeerlijk:a
onontbeerlijke	onontbeerlijk:a
onontbeerlijkere	onontbeerlijk:a
onontbeerlijkste	onontbeerlijk:a
wijsheden	wijsheid:n
wijsheidje	wijsheid:n
grondslagen	grondslag:n
geschied	geschieden:v
geschiedde	geschieden:v
geschiedt	geschieden:v
geschiedden	geschieden:v
geschiedend	geschieden:v
beschimp	beschimpen:v
beschimpte	beschimpen:v
beschimpt	beschimpen:v
beschimpten	beschimpen:v
beschimpend	beschimpen:v
beheerster	beheerst:a
beheerstst	beheerst:a
beheerste	beheerst:a|beheersen:v
beheerstere	beheerst:a
beheerstste	beheerst:a
beheerst	beheersen:v
onbeheerster	onbeheerst:a
onbeheerstst	onbeheerst:a
onbeheerste	onbeheerst:a
onbeheerstere	onbeheerst:a
onbeheerstste	onbeheerst:a
doelen	doel:n
doeltje	doel:n
doel	doelen:v
wijzend	wijzen:v
gewezen	wijzen:v
opleg	opleggen:v
oplegde	opleggen:v
oplegt	opleggen:v
oplegden	opleggen:v
opleggend	opleggen:v
opgelegd	opleggen:v
toleranties	tolerantie:n
tolerantietje	tolerantie:n
erkenningen	erkenning:n
erkenninkje	erkenning:n
verg	vergen:v
vergde	vergen:v
vergt	vergen:v
vergden	vergen:v
vergend	vergen:v
gevergd	vergen:v
culturen	cultuur:n
cultuurtje	cultuur:n
redetwist	redetwisten:v
redetwistte	redetwisten:v
redetwistten	redetwisten:v
redetwistend	redetwisten:v
geredetwist	redetwisten:v
beheers	beheersen:v
beheersten	beheersen:v
beheersend	beheersen:v
inspanningen	inspanning:n
inspanninkje	inspanning:n
vereis	vereisen:v
vereiste	vereisen:v
vereist	vereisen:v
vereisten	vereisen:v|vereiste:n
vereisend	vereisen:v
opvattingen	opvatting:n
opvattinkje	opvatting:n
rekeningen	rekening:n
rekeningetje	rekening:n
geslaagder	geslaagd:a
geslaagdst	geslaagd:a
geslaagde	geslaagd:a
geslaagdere	geslaagd:a
geslaagdste	geslaagd:a
bewaar	bewaren:v
bewaarde	bewaren:v
bewaart	bewaren:v
bewaarden	bewaren:v
bewarend	bewaren:v
bewaard	bewaren:v
tegenstellingen	tegenstelling:n
tegenstellinkje	tegenstelling:n
oprechter	oprecht:a
oprechtst	oprecht:a
oprechte	oprecht:a
oprechtere	oprecht:a
oprechtste	oprecht:a
zoektochten	zoektocht:n
zoektochtje	zoektocht:n
verdraagzamer	verdraagzaam:a
verdraagzaamst	verdraagzaam:a
verdraagzame	verdraagzaam:a
verdraagzamere	verdraagzaam:a
verdraagzaamste	verdraagzaam:a
samenlevingen	samenleving:n
samenlevinkje	samenleving:n
waarin	in:d
adagia	adagium:n
adagiums	adagium:n
skinheads	skinhead:n
onbedoelde	onbedoeld:a
toedoe	toedoen:v
toedeed	toedoen:v
toedoet	toedoen:v
toededen	toedoen:v
toedoend	toedoen:v
toegedaan	toedoen:v
geslotener	gesloten:a
geslotenst	gesloten:a
geslotenste	gesloten:a
buitensluit	buitensluiten:v
buitensloot	buitensluiten:v
buitensloten	buitensluiten:v
buitensluitend	buitensluiten:v
buitengesloten	buitensluiten:v
kennelijker	kennelijk:a
kennelijkst	kennelijk:a
kennelijke	kennelijk:a
kennelijkere	kennelijk:a
kennelijkste	kennelijk:a
balkondeuren	balkondeur:n
balkondeurtje	balkondeur:n
brandweren	brandweer:n
brandweertje	brandweer:n
verkleumder	verkleumd:a
verkleumdst	verkleumd:a
verkleumde	verkleumd:a|verkleumen:v
verkleumdere	verkleumd:a
verkleumdste	verkleumd:a
hoogwerkers	hoogwerker:n
hoogwerkertje	hoogwerker:n
strafje	straf:n
straffer	straf:a
strafst	straf:a
straffe	straf:a|straffen:v
straffere	straf:a
strafste	straf:a
opgroeiend	opgroeien:v
terrinetje	terrine:n
ongelofelijk	ongelooflijk:a
verhaalde	verhalen:v
verhaalt	verhalen:v
verhaalden	verhalen:v
verhalend	verhalen:v
verhaald	verhalen:v
waargebeurde	waargebeurd:a
vissers	visser:n
vissertje	visser:n
krabvissers	krabvisser:n
krabvissertje	krabvisser:n
krabben	krab:n
krabbetje	krab:n
krab	krabben:v
weest	zijn:v|wijzen:v
skateboarders	skateboarder:n
quenelles	quenelle:n
quenelletje	quenelle:n
inboxen	inbox:n
militaire	militair:a
necroses	necrose:n
pel	pellen:v
metra	metrum:n
metrums	metrum:n
metrumpje	metrum:n
slieren	slier:n
sliertje	slier:n|sliert:n
slier	slieren:v
glim	glimmen:v
Vlamingen	Vlaming:n
Vlaminkje	Vlaming:n
Nedersaksische	Nedersaksisch:a
Nederduitser	Nederduits:a
Nederduitst	Nederduits:a
Nederduitse	Nederduits:a
Nederduitsere	Nederduits:a
Nederduitste	Nederduits:a
Nederlandstalige	Nederlandstalig:a
Friezen	Fries:n
Friesje	Fries:n
Frieser	Fries:a
Friest	Fries:a
Friese	Fries:a
Friesere	Fries:a
Frieste	Fries:a
baartje	baar:n
bebos	bebossen:v
tragedies	tragedie:n
sportivo's	sportivo:n
sportivootje	sportivo:n
moedertalen	moedertaal:n
moedertaaltje	moedertaal:n
Amerikaansen	Amerikaanse:n
ophang	ophangen:v
ophing	ophangen:v
ophangt	ophangen:v
ophingen	ophangen:v
ophangend	ophangen:v
opgehangen	ophangen:v
executies	executie:n
nadoe	nadoen:v
nadeed	nadoen:v
nadoet	nadoen:v
nadeden	nadoen:v
nadoend	nadoen:v
nagedaan	nadoen:v
jarigen	jarige:n
jarige	jarig:a
aantref	aantreffen:v
aantrof	aantreffen:v
aantreft	aantreffen:v
aantroffen	aantreffen:v
aantreffend	aantreffen:v
aangetroffen	aantreffen:v
stapelbedden	stapelbed:n
stapelbedje	stapelbed:n
terechtstellingen	terechtstelling:n
terechtstellinkje	terechtstelling:n
stellingen	stelling:n
stellinkje	stelling:n
verdrijf	verdrijven:v
verdreef	verdrijven:v
verdrijft	verdrijven:v
verdreven	verdrijven:v
verdrijvend	verdrijven:v
gevechten	gevecht:n
gevechtje	gevecht:n
Iraakser	Iraaks:a
Iraakst	Iraaks:a
Iraakse	Iraaks:a
Iraaksere	Iraaks:a
Iraakste	Iraaks:a
vrees	vrezen:v
vreesde	vrezen:v
vreest	vrezen:v
vreesden	vrezen:v
vrezend	vrezen:v
gevreesd	vrezen:v
vrezen	vrees:n
nieuwsgieriger	nieuwsgierig:a
nieuwsgierigst	nieuwsgierig:a
nieuwsgierige	nieuwsgierig:a
nieuwsgierigere	nieuwsgierig:a
nieuwsgierigste	nieuwsgierig:a
verneem	vernemen:v
vernam	vernemen:v
verneemt	vernemen:v
vernamen	vernemen:v
vernemend	vernemen:v
vernomen	vernemen:v
kwader	kwaad:a
kwaadst	kwaad:a
kwade	kwaad:a
kwadere	kwaad:a
kwaadste	kwaad:a
kwaden	kwaad:n
geschenken	geschenk:n
geschenkje	geschenk:n
kerstgeschenken	kerstgeschenk:n
kerstgeschenkje	kerstgeschenk:n
wereldoorlogen	wereldoorlog:n
wereldoorlogje	wereldoorlog:n
uitingen	uiting:n
uitinkje	uiting:n
sferen	sfeer:n
sfeertje	sfeer:n
voormalige	voormalig:a
molens	molen:n
molentje	molen:n
papiermolens	papiermolen:n
papiermolentje	papiermolen:n
fabrieken	fabriek:n
fabriekje	fabriek:n
kartons	karton:n
kartonnen	karton:n
kartonnetje	karton:n
kartonfabrieken	kartonfabriek:n
kartonfabriekje	kartonfabriek:n
rondgangen	rondgang:n
rondgangetje	rondgang:n
watermolens	watermolen:n
watermolentje	watermolen:n
aandrijf	aandrijven:v
aandreef	aandrijven:v
aandrijft	aandrijven:v
aandreven	aandrijven:v
aandrijvend	aandrijven:v
aangedreven	aandrijven:v
riemen	riem:n
riempje	riem:n
wolfse	wolfs:a
poepte	poepen:v
poept	poepen:v
poepten	poepen:v
poepend	poepen:v
gepoept	poepen:v
woningmarkten	woningmarkt:n
vertoon	vertonen:v
vertoonde	vertonen:v
vertoont	vertonen:v
vertoonden	vertonen:v
vertonend	vertonen:v
vertoond	vertonen:v
verkopers	verkoper:n
verkopertje	verkoper:n
verkoper	verkoperen:v
vraagprijzen	vraagprijs:n
vraagprijsje	vraagprijs:n
verkoopprijzen	verkoopprijs:n
verkoopprijsje	verkoopprijs:n
kruip	kruipen:v
kroop	kruipen:v
kruipt	kruipen:v
kropen	kruipen:v
kruipend	kruipen:v
gekropen	kruipen:v
oorspronkelijker	oorspronkelijk:a
oorspronkelijkst	oorspronkelijk:a
oorspronkelijke	oorspronkelijk:a
oorspronkelijkere	oorspronkelijk:a
oorspronkelijkste	oorspronkelijk:a
relatiever	relatief:a
relatiefst	relatief:a
relatieve	relatief:a
relatievere	relatief:a
relatiefste	relatief:a
leggen	liggen:v
legde	leggen:v
legt	leggen:v
legden	leggen:v
leggend	leggen:v
gelegd	leggen:v
lijd	lijden:v
leed	lijden:v
lijdt	lijden:v
lijdend	lijden:v
voorben	voorzijn:v
voorwas	voorzijn:v
voorbent	voorzijn:v
vooris	voorzijn:v
voorwaren	voorzijn:v
voorzijnd	voorzijn:v
voorgeweest	voorzijn:v
afding	afdingen:v
afdong	afdingen:v
afdingt	afdingen:v
afdongen	afdingen:v
afdingend	afdingen:v
afgedongen	afdingen:v
dingt	dingen:v
dongen	dingen:v
dingend	dingen:v
gedongen	dingen:v
loonde	lonen:v
loont	lonen:v
loonden	lonen:v
lonend	lonen:v
geloond	lonen:v
beloningen	beloning:n
beloninkje	beloning:n
verenigingen	vereniging:n
vereniginkje	vereniging:n
verenigder	verenigd:a
verenigdst	verenigd:a
verenigdere	verenigd:a
verenigdste	verenigd:a
makelaars	makelaar:n
makelaartje	makelaar:n
makelaardijen	makelaardij:n
makelaardijtje	makelaardij:n
verhitter	verhit:a
verhitst	verhit:a
verhitte	verhit:a|verhitten:v
verhittere	verhit:a
verhitste	verhit:a
verhit	verhitten:v
oververhitte	oververhit:a|oververhitten:v
dreig	dreigen:v
dreigde	dreigen:v
dreigt	dreigen:v
dreigden	dreigen:v
dreigend	dreigen:v
gedreigd	dreigen:v
dreigingen	dreiging:n
dreiginkje	dreiging:n
concludeer	concluderen:v
concludeerde	concluderen:v
concludeert	concluderen:v
concludeerden	concluderen:v
concluderend	concluderen:v
geconcludeerd	concluderen:v
conclusies	conclusie:n
conclusietje	conclusie:n
slonk	slinken:v
slinkt	slinken:v
slonken	slinken:v
slinkend	slinken:v
geslonken	slinken:v
aantoon	aantonen:v
aantoonde	aantonen:v
aantoont	aantonen:v
aantoonden	aantonen:v
aantonend	aantonen:v
aangetoond	aantonen:v
voeg	voegen:v
voegde	voegen:v
voegt	voegen:v
voegden	voegen:v
voegend	voegen:v
gevoegd	voegen:v
voegen	voeg:n
aanvoeg	aanvoegen:v
aanvoegde	aanvoegen:v
aanvoegt	aanvoegen:v
aanvoegden	aanvoegen:v
aanvoegend	aanvoegen:v
aangevoegd	aanvoegen:v
bood	bieden:v
biedt	bieden:v
biedend	bieden:v
geboden	bieden:v|gebieden:v|gebod:n
gebood	gebieden:v
gebiedt	gebieden:v
gebiedend	gebieden:v
aanvoegende	aanvoegend:a
aantonende	aantonend:a
gebiedende	gebiedend:a
presentaties	presentatie:n
presentatietje	presentatie:n
representeer	representeren:v
representeerde	representeren:v
representeert	representeren:v
representeerden	representeren:v
representerend	representeren:v
gerepresenteerd	representeren:v
representatiever	representatief:a
representatiefst	representatief:a
representatieve	representatief:a
representatievere	representatief:a
representatiefste	representatief:a
voordoe	voordoen:v
voordeed	voordoen:v
voordoet	voordoen:v
voordeden	voordoen:v
voordoend	voordoen:v
voorgedaan	voordoen:v
deelwoorden	deelwoord:n
deelwoordje	deelwoord:n
voltooide	voltooid:a|voltooien:v
voltooid	voltooien:v
onvoltooide	onvoltooid:a
woonregio's	woonregio:n
woonregiootje	woonregio:n
opvallender	opvallend:a
opvallendst	opvallend:a
opvallende	opvallend:a
opvallendere	opvallend:a
opvallendste	opvallend:a
woningtypen	woningtype:n
woningtypes	woningtype:n
vrijstaande	vrijstaand:a
aanvankelijke	aanvankelijk:a
dreigender	dreigend:a
dreigendst	dreigend:a
dreigende	dreigend:a
dreigendere	dreigend:a
dreigendste	dreigend:a
economen	econoom:n
econoompje	econoom:n
werkers	werker:n
werkertje	werker:n
arbeiders	arbeider:n
arbeidertje	arbeider:n
daardoor	door:d
hypotheken	hypotheek:n
hypotheekje	hypotheek:n
hypotheekrenten	hypotheekrente:n
hypotheekrentes	hypotheekrente:n
hypotheekrentetje	hypotheekrente:n
leegstaande	leegstaand:a
koopwoningen	koopwoning:n
koopwoninkje	koopwoning:n
verzadig	verzadigen:v
verzadigde	verzadigen:v
verzadigt	verzadigen:v
verzadigden	verzadigen:v
verzadigend	verzadigen:v
verzadigd	verzadigen:v
schaarsten	schaarste:n
schaarstes	schaarste:n
kandidaten	kandidaat:n
kandidaatje	kandidaat:n
adviezen	advies:n
adviesje	advies:n
meedoe	meedoen:v
meedeed	meedoen:v
meedoet	meedoen:v
meededen	meedoen:v
meedoend	meedoen:v
meegedaan	meedoen:v
inschrijvingen	inschrijving:n
inschrijvinkje	inschrijving:n
voorbijgangers	voorbijganger:n
voorbijgangertje	voorbijganger:n
martelaars	martelaar:n
martelaren	martelaar:n
martelaartje	martelaar:n
singlets	singlet:n
offerde	offeren:v
offerden	offeren:v
offerend	offeren:v
geofferd	offeren:v
politica's	politica:n
politicaatje	politica:n
alkohol	alcohol:n
voorzetsels	voorzetsel:n
voorzetseltje	voorzetsel:n
coördinatoren	coördinator:n
coördinators	coördinator:n
voegwoorden	voegwoord:n
voegwoordje	voegwoord:n
tussenwerpsels	tussenwerpsel:n
tussenwerpseltje	tussenwerpsel:n
sociale	sociaal:a
ontdeken	ontdekken:v
instellingen	instelling:n
instellinkje	instelling:n
klik	klikken:v
klikte	klikken:v
klikt	klikken:v
klikten	klikken:v
klikkend	klikken:v
geklikt	klikken:v
kliken	klikken:v
lidwoorden	lidwoord:n
lidwoordje	lidwoord:n
spijker	spijkeren:v
spijkerde	spijkeren:v
spijkert	spijkeren:v
spijkerden	spijkeren:v
spijkerend	spijkeren:v
gespijkerd	spijkeren:v
bijspijker	bijspijkeren:v
bijspijkerde	bijspijkeren:v
bijspijkert	bijspijkeren:v
bijspijkerden	bijspijkeren:v
bijspijkerend	bijspijkeren:v
bijgespijkerd	bijspijkeren:v
betaalbaarder	betaalbaar:a
betaalbaarst	betaalbaar:a
betaalbare	betaalbaar:a
betaalbaardere	betaalbaar:a
betaalbaarste	betaalbaar:a
inclusiever	inclusief:a
inclusiefst	inclusief:a
inclusieve	inclusief:a
inclusievere	inclusief:a
inclusiefste	inclusief:a
klikken	klik:n
kliks	klik:n
klikje	klik:n
schoonheden	schoonheid:n
schoonheidje	schoonheid:n
kortingen	korting:n
kortinkje	korting:n
actueler	actueel:a
actueelst	actueel:a
actuele	actueel:a
actuelere	actueel:a
actueelste	actueel:a
ondergoedje	ondergoed:n
tijdiger	tijdig:a
tijdigst	tijdig:a
tijdige	tijdig:a
tijdigere	tijdig:a
tijdigste	tijdig:a
afsluit	afsluiten:v
afsloot	afsluiten:v
afsloten	afsluiten:v
afsluitend	afsluiten:v
afgesloten	afsluiten:v
reisverzekeringen	reisverzekering:n
reisverzekeringetje	reisverzekering:n
kortte	korten:v
kortten	korten:v
kortend	korten:v
gekort	korten:v
kortaffer	kortaf:a
kortafst	kortaf:a
kortaffe	kortaf:a
kortaffere	kortaf:a
kortafste	kortaf:a
afvraag	afvragen:v
afvroeg	afvragen:v
afvraagt	afvragen:v
afvroegen	afvragen:v
afvragend	afvragen:v
afgevraagd	afvragen:v
afvraagde	afvragen:v
afvraagden	afvragen:v
tafelde	tafelen:v
tafelt	tafelen:v
tafelden	tafelen:v
tafelend	tafelen:v
getafeld	tafelen:v
eerlijker	eerlijk:a
eerlijkst	eerlijk:a
eerlijke	eerlijk:a
eerlijkere	eerlijk:a
eerlijkste	eerlijk:a
klanten	klant:n
klantje	klant:n
geschiedenissen	geschiedenis:n
geschiedenisje	geschiedenis:n
communicaties	communicatie:n
ondernemingen	onderneming:n
onderneminkje	onderneming:n
onderneem	ondernemen:v
ondernam	ondernemen:v
onderneemt	ondernemen:v
ondernamen	ondernemen:v
ondernemend	ondernemen:v
ondernomen	ondernemen:v
voorgronden	voorgrond:n
voorgrondje	voorgrond:n
oerhollands	oer-Hollands:a
vestigingen	vestiging:n
vestigingetje	vestiging:n
aansluit	aansluiten:v
aansloot	aansluiten:v
aansloten	aansluiten:v
aansluitend	aansluiten:v
aangesloten	aansluiten:v
doelgroepen	doelgroep:n
doelgroepje	doelgroep:n
werkzamer	werkzaam:a
werkzaamst	werkzaam:a
werkzame	werkzaam:a
werkzamere	werkzaam:a
werkzaamste	werkzaam:a
hoofdstukken	hoofdstuk:n
hoofdstukje	hoofdstuk:n
zieliger	zielig:a
zieligst	zielig:a
zielige	zielig:a
zieligere	zielig:a
zieligste	zielig:a
zoenen	zoen:n
zoentje	zoen:n
maalderijen	maalderij:n
maalderijtje	maalderij:n
paardenstallen	paardenstal:n
paardenstalletje	paardenstal:n
inhouden	inhoud:n
inhoudje	inhoud:n
drukwerken	drukwerk:n
bloeddrukken	bloeddruk:n
advertenties	advertentie:n
advertentietje	advertentie:n
belangen	belang:n
belangetje	belang:n
advocaten	advocaat:n
advocaatje	advocaat:n
scheppers	schepper:n
scheppertje	schepper:n
reclamebureaus	reclamebureau:n
reclamebureautje	reclamebureau:n
verpakkingen	verpakking:n
verpakkinkje	verpakking:n
leun	leunen:v
leunde	leunen:v
leunt	leunen:v
leunden	leunen:v
leunend	leunen:v
geleund	leunen:v
kledingkasten	kledingkast:n
kledingkastje	kledingkast:n
bekender	bekend:a
bekendst	bekend:a
bekende	bekend:a|bekennen:v
bekendere	bekend:a
bekendste	bekend:a
bekend	bekennen:v
bekenden	bekende:n|bekennen:v
bekendetje	bekende:n
opwaardeer	opwaarderen:v
opwaardeerde	opwaarderen:v
opwaardeert	opwaarderen:v
opwaardeerden	opwaarderen:v
opwaarderend	opwaarderen:v
opgewaardeerd	opwaarderen:v
waardeer	waarderen:v
waardeerde	waarderen:v
waardeert	waarderen:v
waardeerden	waarderen:v
waarderend	waarderen:v
gewaardeerd	waarderen:v
huidige	huidig:a
afdruk	afdrukken:v
afdrukte	afdrukken:v
afdrukt	afdrukken:v
afdrukten	afdrukken:v
afdrukkend	afdrukken:v
afgedrukt	afdrukken:v
drukte	drukken:v
drukt	drukken:v
drukten	drukken:v
drukkend	drukken:v
gedrukt	drukken:v
beperkter	beperkt:a
beperktst	beperkt:a
beperktere	beperkt:a
beperktste	beperkt:a
webwinkels	webwinkel:n
webwinkeltje	webwinkel:n
ouders	ouder:n
oudertje	ouder:n
linialen	liniaal:n
liniaaltje	liniaal:n
moordje	moord:n
raker	raak:a
raakst	raak:a
rakere	raak:a
raakste	raak:a
raken	raak:n
raakje	raak:n
strijkijzers	strijkijzer:n
strijkijzertje	strijkijzer:n
strijk	strijken:v
strijkt	strijken:v
strijkend	strijken:v
gestreken	strijken:v
ketenen	keten:n
ketens	keten:n
ketentje	keten:n
keet	keten:v
keette	keten:v
keetten	keten:v
ketend	keten:v
gekeet	keten:v
keten	keet:n|ketenen:v
aankopen	aankoop:n
aankoopje	aankoop:n
unieker	uniek:a
uniekst	uniek:a
unieke	uniek:a
uniekere	uniek:a
uniekste	uniek:a
skittatje	skitta:n
meertalige	meertalig:a
uitspraken	uitspraak:n|uitspreken:v
uitspraakje	uitspraak:n
spraakje	spraak:n
watervallen	waterval:n
watervalletje	waterval:n
huisdieren	huisdier:n
huisdiertje	huisdier:n
omvat	omvatten:v
omvatte	omvatten:v
omvattend	omvatten:v
bevelhebbers	bevelhebber:n
bevelhebbertje	bevelhebber:n
bewerk	bewerken:v
bewerkte	bewerken:v
bewerkt	bewerken:v
bewerkten	bewerken:v
bewerkend	bewerken:v
trefwoorden	trefwoord:n
trefwoordje	trefwoord:n
uitdruk	uitdrukken:v
uitdrukte	uitdrukken:v
uitdrukt	uitdrukken:v
uitdrukten	uitdrukken:v
uitdrukkend	uitdrukken:v
uitgedrukt	uitdrukken:v
verwijzingen	verwijzing:n
verwijzinkje	verwijzing:n
wijzig	wijzigen:v
wijzigde	wijzigen:v
wijzigt	wijzigen:v
wijzigden	wijzigen:v
wijzigend	wijzigen:v
gewijzigd	wijzigen:v
modificeer	modificeren:v
modificeerde	modificeren:v
modificeert	modificeren:v
modificeerden	modificeren:v
modificerend	modificeren:v
gemodificeerd	modificeren:v
persagentschappen	persagentschap:n
persagentschapje	persagentschap:n
agentschappen	agentschap:n
agentschapje	agentschap:n
rimpels	rimpel:n
rimpeltje	rimpel:n
schildpadden	schildpad:n
schildpadje	schildpad:n
schilden	schild:n|schillen:v
schildje	schild:n
reptielen	reptiel:n
reptieltje	reptiel:n
slavernijen	slavernij:n
theologen	theoloog:n
theoloogje	theoloog:n
schrijvers	schrijver:n
schrijvertje	schrijver:n
dichters	dichter:n
dichtertje	dichter:n
gedichten	gedicht:n
gedichtje	gedicht:n
omroepen	omroep:n
omroepje	omroep:n
omroep	omroepen:v
omriep	omroepen:v
omroept	omroepen:v
omriepen	omroepen:v
omroepend	omroepen:v
omgeroepen	omroepen:v
aimabeler	aimabel:a
aimabelst	aimabel:a
aimabele	aimabel:a
aimabelere	aimabel:a
aimabelste	aimabel:a
eigenzinniger	eigenzinnig:a
eigenzinnigst	eigenzinnig:a
eigenzinnige	eigenzinnig:a
eigenzinnigere	eigenzinnig:a
eigenzinnigste	eigenzinnig:a
bakstenen	baksteen:n
baksteentje	baksteen:n
vegetariërs	vegetariër:n
vegetariërtje	vegetariër:n
diagnostiseren	diagnosticeren:v
dichtbind	dichtbinden:v
dichtbond	dichtbinden:v
dichtbindt	dichtbinden:v
dichtbonden	dichtbinden:v
dichtbindend	dichtbinden:v
dichtgebonden	dichtbinden:v
lasterde	lasteren:v
lastert	lasteren:v
lasterden	lasteren:v
lasterend	lasteren:v
gelasterd	lasteren:v
klaag	klagen:v
klaagde	klagen:v
klaagt	klagen:v
klaagden	klagen:v
klagend	klagen:v
geklaagd	klagen:v
kloeg	klagen:v
kloegen	klagen:v
verfijn	verfijnen:v
verfijnde	verfijnen:v|verfijnd:a
verfijnt	verfijnen:v
verfijnden	verfijnen:v
verfijnend	verfijnen:v
verfijnd	verfijnen:v
aanbieders	aanbieder:n
aanbiedertje	aanbieder:n
heiligde	heiligen:v
heiligt	heiligen:v
heiligden	heiligen:v
heiligend	heiligen:v
geheiligd	heiligen:v
heiligenbeelden	heiligenbeeld:n
heiligenbeeldje	heiligenbeeld:n
edities	editie:n
editietje	editie:n
blonk	blinken:v
blinkt	blinken:v
blonken	blinken:v
blinkend	blinken:v
geblonken	blinken:v
barmhartige	barmhartig:a
barmhartiger	barmhartig:a
barmhartigst	barmhartig:a
barmhartigere	barmhartig:a
barmhartigste	barmhartig:a
verwijd	verwijden:v
verwijdde	verwijden:v
verwijdt	verwijden:v
verwijdden	verwijden:v
verwijdend	verwijden:v
werkplekken	werkplek:n
werkplekje	werkplek:n
tweetalige	tweetalig:a
invoer	invoeren:v
invoerde	invoeren:v
invoert	invoeren:v
invoerden	invoeren:v
invoerend	invoeren:v
ingevoerd	invoeren:v
voerde	voeren:v
voert	voeren:v|varen:v
voerden	voeren:v
voerend	voeren:v
gevoerd	voeren:v
daarbij	bij:d
vragenlijsten	vragenlijst:n
vragenlijstje	vragenlijst:n
duuren	duren:v
wenste	wensen:v
wenst	wensen:v
wensten	wensen:v
wensend	wensen:v
gewenst	wensen:v
plaatste	plaatsen:v
plaatst	plaatsen:v
plaatsten	plaatsen:v
plaatsend	plaatsen:v
geplaatst	plaatsen:v
aanpas	aanpassen:v
aanpaste	aanpassen:v
aanpast	aanpassen:v
aanpasten	aanpassen:v
aanpassend	aanpassen:v
aangepast	aanpassen:v
afmetingen	afmeting:n
afmetinkje	afmeting:n
zorgelozer	zorgeloos:a
zorgeloost	zorgeloos:a
zorgeloze	zorgeloos:a
zorgelozere	zorgeloos:a
zorgelooste	zorgeloos:a
onderhoud	onderhouden:v
onderhou	onderhouden:v
onderhield	onderhouden:v
onderhoudt	onderhouden:v
onderhielden	onderhouden:v
onderhoudend	onderhouden:v
ondergehouden	onderhouden:v
waarderingen	waardering:n
waarderinkje	waardering:n
bewaaren	bewaren:v
metingen	meting:n
metinkje	meting:n
afhaal	afhalen:v
afhaalde	afhalen:v
afhaalt	afhalen:v
afhaalden	afhalen:v
afhalend	afhalen:v
afgehaald	afhalen:v
afkort	afkorten:v
afkortte	afkorten:v
afkortten	afkorten:v
afkortend	afkorten:v
afgekort	afkorten:v
afmeet	afmeten:v
afmat	afmeten:v|afmatten:v
afmaten	afmeten:v
afmetend	afmeten:v
afgemeten	afmeten:v
landbouwers	landbouwer:n
landbouwertje	landbouwer:n
bouwer	boer:n
bouwers	bouwer:n
bouwertje	bouwer:n
zaagje	zaag:n
bureauladen	bureaula:n
bureaula's	bureaula:n
bureaulaatje	bureaula:n
kunstenaars	kunstenaar:n
kunstenaartje	kunstenaar:n
beeldende	beeldend:a
eer	eren:v
aankijk	aankijken:v
aankeek	aankijken:v
aankijkt	aankijken:v
aankeken	aankijken:v
aankijkend	aankijken:v
aangekeken	aankijken:v
vermogens	vermogen:n
vermogentje	vermogen:n
vermag	vermogen:v
vermocht	vermogen:v
vermochten	vermogen:v
vermogend	vermogen:v
enkelvouden	enkelvoud:n
vervoeg	vervoegen:v
vervoegde	vervoegen:v
vervoegt	vervoegen:v
vervoegden	vervoegen:v
vervoegend	vervoegen:v
vervoegd	vervoegen:v
aanzie	aanzien:v
aanzag	aanzien:v
aanziet	aanzien:v
aanzagen	aanzien:v
aanziend	aanzien:v
aangezien	aanzien:v
geslachten	geslacht:n
geslacht	slachten:v
eigenschappen	eigenschap:n
eigenschapje	eigenschap:n
lievelingen	lieveling:n
lievelingetje	lieveling:n
krachtiger	krachtig:a
krachtigst	krachtig:a
krachtige	krachtig:a
krachtigere	krachtig:a
krachtigste	krachtig:a
verkrijg	verkrijgen:v
verkreeg	verkrijgen:v
verkrijgt	verkrijgen:v
verkregen	verkrijgen:v
verkrijgend	verkrijgen:v
navolg	navolgen:v
navolgde	navolgen:v
navolgt	navolgen:v
navolgden	navolgen:v
navolgend	navolgen:v
nagevolgd	navolgen:v
aanduid	aanduiden:v
aanduidde	aanduiden:v
aanduidt	aanduiden:v
aanduidden	aanduiden:v
aanduidend	aanduiden:v
aangeduid	aanduiden:v
duid	duiden:v
duidde	duiden:v
duidt	duiden:v
duidden	duiden:v
duidend	duiden:v
geduid	duiden:v
waarbij	bij:d
uitbeeldingen	uitbeelding:n
uitbeeldinkje	uitbeelding:n
vlakker	vlak:a
vlakst	vlak:a
vlakke	vlak:a
vlakkere	vlak:a
vlakste	vlak:a
vlakken	vlak:n
vlakje	vlak:n
baas	bazen:v
baasde	bazen:v
baast	bazen:v
baasden	bazen:v
bazend	bazen:v
gebaasd	bazen:v
bedoelingen	bedoeling:n
bedoelinkje	bedoeling:n
overzichten	overzicht:n
overzichtje	overzicht:n
eigenaars	eigenaar:n
eigenaren	eigenaar:n
eigenaartje	eigenaar:n
tenniste	tennissen:v
tennist	tennissen:v
tennisten	tennissen:v
tennissend	tennissen:v
getennist	tennissen:v
sportte	sporten:v
sportten	sporten:v
sportend	sporten:v
gesport	sporten:v
tennissers	tennisser:n
tennissertje	tennisser:n
beroepsmatige	beroepsmatig:a
beoefen	beoefenen:v
sporters	sporter:n
sportertje	sporter:n
harame	haram:a
haramme	haram:a
periostea	periosteum:n
centiliters	centiliter:n
verschrik	verschrikken:v
verschrikte	verschrikken:v
verschrikt	verschrikken:v
verschrikten	verschrikken:v
verschrikkend	verschrikken:v
verschrok	verschrikken:v
verschrokn	verschrikken:v
verschrokken	verschrikken:v
verschrikkingen	verschrikking:n
rommeltje	rommel:n
rommel	rommelen:v
waardelozer	waardeloos:a
waardeloost	waardeloos:a
waardeloze	waardeloos:a
waardelozere	waardeloos:a
waardelooste	waardeloos:a
waardje	waard:n
waard	woerd:n
handelswaren	handelswaar:n
handeltje	handel:n
handel	handelen:v
geestelijker	geestelijk:a
geestelijkst	geestelijk:a
geestelijke	geestelijk:a
geestelijkere	geestelijk:a
geestelijkste	geestelijk:a
geesten	geest:n
geestje	geest:n
raarder	raar:a
raarst	raar:a
raardere	raar:a
raarste	raar:a
volgroeider	volgroeid:a
volgroeidst	volgroeid:a
volgroeide	volgroeid:a|volgroeien:v
volgroeidere	volgroeid:a
volgroeidste	volgroeid:a
kenmerken	kenmerk:n
kenmerkje	kenmerk:n
kenmerk	kenmerken:v
verken	verkennen:v|varken:n
verkende	verkennen:v
verkent	verkennen:v
verkenden	verkennen:v
verkennend	verkennen:v
verkend	verkennen:v
achterkastelen	achterkasteel:n
achterkasteeltje	achterkasteel:n
voorkastelen	voorkasteel:n
voorkasteeltje	voorkasteel:n
estheten	estheet:n
estheetje	estheet:n
gevoeliger	gevoelig:a
gevoeligst	gevoelig:a
gevoelige	gevoelig:a
gevoeligere	gevoelig:a
gevoeligste	gevoelig:a
pannen	pan:n
pannetje	pan:n
recreanten	recreant:n
recreantje	recreant:n
heren	heer:n
heertje	heer:n
positivo's	positivo:n
stiletto's	stiletto:n
stilettootje	stiletto:n
stilettoke	stiletto:n
achtertuinen	achtertuin:n
achtertuintje	achtertuin:n
steunde	steunen:v
steunt	steunen:v
steunden	steunen:v
steunend	steunen:v
gesteund	steunen:v
uitgebreider	uitgebreid:a
uitgebreidst	uitgebreid:a
uitgebreide	uitgebreid:a
uitgebreidere	uitgebreid:a
uitgebreidste	uitgebreid:a
uitgebreid	uitbreiden:v
uitbreid	uitbreiden:v
uitbreidde	uitbreiden:v
uitbreidt	uitbreiden:v
uitbreidden	uitbreiden:v
uitbreidend	uitbreiden:v
ondersteuningen	ondersteuning:n
ondersteuninkje	ondersteuning:n
winkelwagens	winkelwagen:n
winkelwagentje	winkelwagen:n
kampanjes	kampanje:n
achtereinden	achtereind:n
achtereindje	achtereind:n
schepenen	schepen:n
schepentje	schepen:n
verblijf	verblijven:v
verbleef	verblijven:v
verblijft	verblijven:v
verbleven	verblijven:v
verblijvend	verblijven:v
enige	enig:a
eniger	enig:a
enigst	enig:a
enigere	enig:a
enigste	enig:a|enigst:a|enigst:r
toeneem	toenemen:v
toenam	toenemen:v
toeneemt	toenemen:v
toenemend	toenemen:v
toegenomen	toenemen:v
ophoog	ophogen:v
ophoogde	ophogen:v
ophoogt	ophogen:v
ophoogden	ophogen:v
ophogend	ophogen:v
opgehoogd	ophogen:v
geblinddoekte	geblinddoekt:a
koeken	koek:n
koekje	koek:n
pannenkoeken	pannenkoek:n
pannenkoekje	pannenkoek:n
konkreet	concreet:a
concreter	concreet:a
concreetst	concreet:a
concretere	concreet:a
concreetste	concreet:a
tastbaarder	tastbaar:a
tastbaarst	tastbaar:a
tastbare	tastbaar:a
tastbaardere	tastbaar:a
tastbaarste	tastbaar:a
enz.	enzovoort:d
enzovoorts	enzovoort:d
herinneringen	herinnering:n
herinneringetje	herinnering:n
wijk	wijken:v
wijkt	wijken:v
wijkend	wijken:v
geweken	wijken:v
wijken	wijk:n
afgangen	afgang:n
afgangetje	afgang:n
terugtrek	terugtrekken:v
terugtrok	terugtrekken:v
terugtrekt	terugtrekken:v
terugtrokken	terugtrekken:v
terugtrekkend	terugtrekken:v
teruggetrokken	terugtrekken:v
achteruitga	achteruitgaan:v
achteruitging	achteruitgaan:v
achteruitgaat	achteruitgaan:v
achteruitgingen	achteruitgaan:v
achteruitgaand	achteruitgaan:v
achteruitgegaan	achteruitgaan:v
uitga	uitgaan:v
uitging	uitgaan:v
uitgaat	uitgaan:v
uitgingen	uitgaan:v
uitgaand	uitgaan:v
uitgegaan	uitgaan:v
piepjonge	piepjong:a
tw.	tussenwerpsel:n
piepen	piep:n
piepje	piep:n
piep	piepjong:a|piepen:v
aanranders	aanrander:n
aanrandertje	aanrander:n
aanrand	aanranden:v
aanrandde	aanranden:v
aanrandt	aanranden:v
aanrandden	aanranden:v
aanrandend	aanranden:v
aangerand	aanranden:v
jogde	joggen:v
jogt	joggen:v
jogden	joggen:v
joggend	joggen:v
gejogd	joggen:v
gewenster	gewenst:a
gewenstst	gewenst:a
gewenste	gewenst:a
gewenstere	gewenst:a
gewenstste	gewenst:a
ongewenster	ongewenst:a
ongewenstst	ongewenst:a
ongewenste	ongewenst:a
ongewenstere	ongewenst:a
ongewenstste	ongewenst:a
elektronischer	elektronisch:a
elektronischt	elektronisch:a
elektronische	elektronisch:a
elektronischere	elektronisch:a
elektronischte	elektronisch:a
fantastischer	fantastisch:a
fantastischt	fantastisch:a
fantastische	fantastisch:a
fantastischere	fantastisch:a
fantastischte	fantastisch:a
trimde	trimmen:v
trimt	trimmen:v
trimden	trimmen:v
trimmend	trimmen:v
getrimd	trimmen:v
bijknip	bijknippen:v
bijknipte	bijknippen:v
bijknipt	bijknippen:v
bijknipten	bijknippen:v
bijknippend	bijknippen:v
bijgeknipt	bijknippen:v
aanspreek	aanspreken:v
aansprak	aanspreken:v
aanspreekt	aanspreken:v
aanspraken	aanspreken:v|aanspraak:n
aansprekend	aanspreken:v
aangesproken	aanspreken:v
slachtoffers	slachtoffer:n
slachtoffertje	slachtoffer:n
slacht	slachten:v
slachtte	slachten:v
slachtten	slachten:v
slachtend	slachten:v
iem.	iemand:r
negeer	negeren:v
negeerde	negeren:v
negeert	negeren:v
negeerden	negeren:v
negerend	negeren:v
genegeerd	negeren:v
neger	negeren:v
negerde	negeren:v
negert	negeren:v
negerden	negeren:v
genegerd	negeren:v
hierop	op:d
achtervolg	achtervolgen:v
achtervolgde	achtervolgen:v
achtervolgt	achtervolgen:v
achtervolgden	achtervolgen:v
achtervolgend	achtervolgen:v
achtervolgd	achtervolgen:v
achtervolgingen	achtervolging:n
achtervolginkje	achtervolging:n
opmerkingen	opmerking:n
opmerkinkje	opmerking:n
opmerk	opmerken:v
opmerkte	opmerken:v
opmerkt	opmerken:v
opmerkten	opmerken:v
opmerkend	opmerken:v
opgemerkt	opmerken:v
daden	daad:n
daadje	daad:n
ontsta	ontstaan:v
ontstond	ontstaan:v
ontstaat	ontstaan:v
ontstonden	ontstaan:v
ontstaand	ontstaan:v
beetpak	beetpakken:v
beetpakte	beetpakken:v
beetpakt	beetpakken:v
beetpakten	beetpakken:v
beetpakkend	beetpakken:v
beetgepakt	beetpakken:v
pakte	pakken:v
pakt	pakken:v
pakten	pakken:v
pakkend	pakken:v
gepakt	pakken:v
trokje	trok:n
troksken	trok:n
voorwerpen	voorwerp:n
voorwerpje	voorwerp:n
wegvoer	wegvoeren:v
wegvoerde	wegvoeren:v
wegvoert	wegvoeren:v
wegvoerden	wegvoeren:v
wegvoerend	wegvoeren:v
weggevoerd	wegvoeren:v
onbepaalde	onbepaald:a
meewerk	meewerken:v
meewerkte	meewerken:v
meewerkt	meewerken:v
meewerkten	meewerken:v
meewerkend	meewerken:v
meegewerkt	meewerken:v
aanduidingen	aanduiding:n
aanduidinkje	aanduiding:n
genoemde	genoemd:a
gewilder	gewild:a
gewildst	gewild:a
gewilde	gewild:a
gewildere	gewild:a
gewildste	gewild:a
toestanden	toestand:n
toestandje	toestand:n
situaties	situatie:n
situatiën	situatie:n
situatietje	situatie:n
omstandigheden	omstandigheid:n
verkeer	verkeren:v
verkeert	verkeren:v
verkeerden	verkeren:v
verkerend	verkeren:v
handelingen	handeling:n
handelingetje	handeling:n
handelde	handelen:v
handelt	handelen:v
handelden	handelen:v
handelend	handelen:v
gehandeld	handelen:v
betast	betasten:v
betastte	betasten:v
betastten	betasten:v
betastend	betasten:v
Indo's	Indo:n
Indootje	Indo:n
staties	statie:n
statietje	statie:n
zichten	zicht:n|zichte:n
zichtje	zicht:n|zichte:n
yoghurtje	yoghurt:n
zeisen	zeis:n
zeisje	zeis:n
zeis	zeisen:v
omstandigheidje	omstandigheid:n
pseudocides	pseudocide:n
madrassa's	madrassa:n
monorails	monorail:n
monorailtje	monorail:n
tintte	tinten:v
tintten	tinten:v
tintend	tinten:v
getint	tinten:v
informeer	informeren:v
informeerde	informeren:v
informeert	informeren:v
informeerden	informeren:v
informerend	informeren:v
geïnformeerd	informeren:v
opspoor	opsporen:v
opspoorde	opsporen:v
opspoort	opsporen:v
opspoorden	opsporen:v
opsporend	opsporen:v
opgespoord	opsporen:v
verrassender	verrassend:a
verrassendst	verrassend:a
verrassende	verrassend:a
verrassendere	verrassend:a
verrassendste	verrassend:a
Albanesen	Albanese:n
Albaneesje	Albanese:n|Albanees:n
Albanese	Albanees:a
cultussen	cultus:n
cultusje	cultus:n
ontzaglijker	ontzaglijk:a
ontzaglijkst	ontzaglijk:a
ontzaglijke	ontzaglijk:a
ontzaglijkere	ontzaglijk:a
ontzaglijkste	ontzaglijk:a
beestenbendes	beestenbende:n
beestenbenden	beestenbende:n
beestenbendetje	beestenbende:n
cambia	cambium:n
naties	natie:n
natiën	natie:n
natietje	natie:n
vorsten	vorst:n|vorsen:v
vorstje	vorst:n
vorst	vorsen:v
glij	glijden:v
glijd	glijden:v
glijdt	glijden:v
gleden	glijden:v
glijdend	glijden:v
gegleden	glijden:v
gedeelten	gedeelte:n
gedeeltes	gedeelte:n
schuin	schuinen:v
schuinde	schuinen:v
schuint	schuinen:v
schuinden	schuinen:v
schuinend	schuinen:v
geschuind	schuinen:v
schuiner	schuin:a
schuinst	schuin:a
schuine	schuin:a|schuinen:v
schuinere	schuin:a
schuinste	schuin:a
oppervlakken	oppervlak:n
oppervlakje	oppervlak:n
opper	opperen:v
opperde	opperen:v
oppert	opperen:v
opperden	opperen:v
opperend	opperen:v
geopperd	opperen:v
wrijvingen	wrijving:n
wrijvinkje	wrijving:n
wrijf	wrijven:v
wreef	wrijven:v
wrijft	wrijven:v
wreven	wrijven:v|wreef:n
wrijvend	wrijven:v
gewreven	wrijven:v
erover	over:d
idiomen	idioom:n
idioompje	idioom:n
tsaarschappen	tsaarschap:n
tsaarschapje	tsaarschap:n
tsaren	tsaar:n
tsaartje	tsaar:n
voorspellingen	voorspelling:n
voorspellinkje	voorspelling:n
voorspel	voorspellen:v
voorspelde	voorspellen:v
voorspelt	voorspellen:v
voorspelden	voorspellen:v
voorspellend	voorspellen:v
voorspeld	voorspellen:v
spelde	spellen:v
spelden	spellen:v|speld:n
spellend	spellen:v
gespeld	spellen:v
weersvoorspellingen	weersvoorspelling:n
weersvoorspellinkje	weersvoorspelling:n
verkeertje	verkeer:n
ribbeboog	ribbenboog:n
lendewervel	lendenwervel:n
risico's	risico:n
risicootje	risico:n
hemelvaarten	hemelvaart:n
hemelvaartje	hemelvaart:n
schors	schorsen:v
schorste	schorsen:v|schor:a
schorst	schorsen:v|schor:a
schorsten	schorsen:v
schorsend	schorsen:v
geschorst	schorsen:v
schorsen	schors:n
huiswerkje	huiswerk:n
ordelijker	ordelijk:a
ordelijkst	ordelijk:a
ordelijke	ordelijk:a
ordelijkere	ordelijk:a
ordelijkste	ordelijk:a
fatsoenlijker	fatsoenlijk:a
fatsoenlijkst	fatsoenlijk:a
fatsoenlijke	fatsoenlijk:a
fatsoenlijkere	fatsoenlijk:a
fatsoenlijkste	fatsoenlijk:a
aantekeningen	aantekening:n
aantekeninkje	aantekening:n
pili	pilus:n
kapitelen	kapiteel:n
kapiteeltje	kapiteel:n
koeren	koer:n
koertje	koer:n
koer	koeren:v
wijzetje	wijze:n
getallen	getal:n
getalletje	getal:n
haken	haak:n
haakje	haak:n
haaks	haak:n
haak	haken:v
haakte	haken:v
haakt	haken:v
haakten	haken:v
hakend	haken:v
gehaakt	haken:v
afzonder	afzonderen:v
afzonderde	afzonderen:v
afzondert	afzonderen:v
afzonderden	afzonderen:v
afzonderend	afzonderen:v
afgezonderd	afzonderen:v
bekendmaak	bekendmaken:v
bekendmaakte	bekendmaken:v
bekendmaakt	bekendmaken:v
bekendmaakten	bekendmaken:v
bekendmakend	bekendmaken:v
bekendgemaakt	bekendmaken:v
skeelers	skeeler:n
skeelertje	skeeler:n
skeeler	skeeleren:v
skeelerde	skeeleren:v
skeelert	skeeleren:v
skeelerden	skeeleren:v
skeelerend	skeeleren:v
geskeelerd	skeeleren:v
besturen	bestuur:n
bestuur	besturen:v
bestuurde	besturen:v
bestuurt	besturen:v
bestuurden	besturen:v
besturend	besturen:v
bestuurd	besturen:v
startte	starten:v
startten	starten:v
startend	starten:v
gestart	starten:v
strijden	strijd:n
strijdje	strijd:n
strijd	strijden:v
streed	strijden:v
strijdt	strijden:v
streden	strijden:v
strijdend	strijden:v
gestreden	strijden:v
vastzit	vastzitten:v
vastzat	vastzitten:v
vastzaten	vastzitten:v
vastzittend	vastzitten:v
vastgezeten	vastzitten:v
schaatsen	schaats:n
schaatsje	schaats:n
schaats	schaatsen:v
aftroef	aftroeven:v
aftroefde	aftroeven:v
aftroeft	aftroeven:v
aftroefden	aftroeven:v
aftroevend	aftroeven:v
afgetroefd	aftroeven:v
drenkplaatsen	drenkplaats:n
ijskasten	ijskast:n
ijskastje	ijskast:n
induik	induiken:v
indook	induiken:v
induikt	induiken:v
indoken	induiken:v
induikend	induiken:v
ingedoken	induiken:v
bestuurders	bestuurder:n
bestuurdertje	bestuurder:n
spuug	spugen:v
spoog	spugen:v
spuugt	spugen:v
spogen	spugen:v
spugend	spugen:v
gespogen	spugen:v
spuugde	spugen:v
spuugden	spugen:v
gespuugd	spugen:v
smartphones	smartphone:n
betoon	betonen:v
betoonde	betonen:v
betoont	betonen:v
betoonden	betonen:v
betonend	betonen:v
betoond	betonen:v
aanslagen	aanslag:n
aanslagje	aanslag:n
militairen	militair:n
militairtje	militair:n
Afghaanser	Afghaans:a
Afghaanst	Afghaans:a
Afghaanse	Afghaans:a
Afghaansere	Afghaans:a
Afghaanste	Afghaans:a
wondde	wonden:v
wondt	wonden:v|winden:v
wondden	wonden:v
wondend	wonden:v
gewond	wonden:v
wondje	wond:n
missies	missie:n
missiën	missie:n
missietje	missie:n
patrouilles	patrouille:n
zelfmoorden	zelfmoord:n
vnw.	voornaamwoord:n
zelfmoordaanslagen	zelfmoordaanslag:n
zelfmoordaanslagje	zelfmoordaanslag:n
explosieven	explosief:n
explosiever	explosief:a
explosiefst	explosief:a
explosieve	explosief:a
explosievere	explosief:a
explosiefste	explosief:a
afstanden	afstand:n
afstandje	afstand:n
kampen	kamp:n
kampje	kamp:n
kamp	kampen:v
ontploffingen	ontploffing:n
ontploffinkje	ontploffing:n
ontplof	ontploffen:v
ontplofte	ontploffen:v
ontploft	ontploffen:v
ontploften	ontploffen:v
ontploffend	ontploffen:v
voertuigen	voertuig:n
voertuigje	voertuig:n
pantservoertuigen	pantservoertuig:n
pantservoertuigje	pantservoertuig:n
pantsers	pantser:n
pantsertje	pantser:n
verwondingen	verwonding:n
verwondinkje	verwonding:n
lichters	lichter:n
lichtertje	lichter:n
verpleeg	verplegen:v
verpleegde	verplegen:v
verpleegt	verplegen:v
verpleegden	verplegen:v
verplegend	verplegen:v
verpleegd	verplegen:v
pleeg	plegen:v
placht	plegen:v
pleegt	plegen:v
plachten	plegen:v
plegend	plegen:v
geplacht	plegen:v
pleegde	plegen:v
pleegden	plegen:v
gepleegd	plegen:v
terugkeer	terugkeren:v
terugkeerde	terugkeren:v
terugkeert	terugkeren:v
terugkeerden	terugkeren:v
terugkerend	terugkeren:v
teruggekeerd	terugkeren:v
keer	keren:v
keerde	keren:v
keert	keren:v
keerden	keren:v
kerend	keren:v
gekeerd	keren:v
keren	keer:n
schreefje	schreef:n
voorspoediger	voorspoedig:a
voorspoedigst	voorspoedig:a
voorspoedige	voorspoedig:a
voorspoedigere	voorspoedig:a
voorspoedigste	voorspoedig:a
spoediger	spoedig:a
spoedigst	spoedig:a
spoedige	spoedig:a
spoedigere	spoedig:a
spoedigste	spoedig:a
herstel	herstellen:v
toewens	toewensen:v
toewenste	toewensen:v
toewenst	toewensen:v
toewensten	toewensen:v
toewensend	toewensen:v
toegewenst	toewensen:v
bleker	bleek:a
bleekst	bleek:a
bleke	bleek:a|blijken:v|bleken:v
blekere	bleek:a
bleekste	bleek:a
indrukken	indruk:n
indrukje	indruk:n
motivaties	motivatie:n
motivatietje	motivatie:n
aantast	aantasten:v
aantastte	aantasten:v
aantastten	aantasten:v
aantastend	aantasten:v
aangetast	aantasten:v
plande	plannen:v
planden	plannen:v
plannend	plannen:v
gepland	plannen:v
doorga	doorgaan:v
doorging	doorgaan:v
doorgaat	doorgaan:v
doorgingen	doorgaan:v
doorgaand	doorgaan:v
doorgegaan	doorgaan:v
rechtszaken	rechtszaak:n
rechtszaakje	rechtszaak:n
landschappen	landschap:n
landschapje	landschap:n
scherpers	scherper:n
scherpertje	scherper:n
leggers	legger:n
leggertje	legger:n
enkelingen	enkeling:n
enkelingetje	enkeling:n
buiken	buik:n
buikje	buik:n
hospitalen	hospitaal:n
hospitaaltje	hospitaal:n
woordvoerders	woordvoerder:n
woordvoerdertje	woordvoerder:n
kampte	kampen:v
kampt	kampen:v
kampten	kampen:v
kampend	kampen:v
gekampt	kampen:v
onbegrippen	onbegrip:n
onbegripje	onbegrip:n
opblaas	opblazen:v
opblies	opblazen:v
opblaast	opblazen:v
opbliezen	opblazen:v
opblazend	opblazen:v
opgeblazen	opblazen:v
provinciehoofdsteden	provinciehoofdstad:n
provinciehoofdstadje	provinciehoofdstad:n
plaatsvind	plaatsvinden:v
plaatsvond	plaatsvinden:v
plaatsvindt	plaatsvinden:v
plaatsvonden	plaatsvinden:v
plaatsvindend	plaatsvinden:v
plaatsgevonden	plaatsvinden:v
beveilig	beveiligen:v
beveiligde	beveiligen:v
beveiligt	beveiligen:v
beveiligden	beveiligen:v
beveiligend	beveiligen:v
beveiligd	beveiligen:v
beveiligingen	beveiliging:n
beveiligingetje	beveiliging:n
beveiligers	beveiliger:n
beveiligertje	beveiliger:n
onveiliger	onveilig:a
onveiligst	onveilig:a
onveilige	onveilig:a
onveiligere	onveilig:a
onveiligste	onveilig:a
aardschokken	aardschok:n
aardschokje	aardschok:n
havervlokkenpapje	havervlokkenpap:n
titanen	titaan:n
titaantje	titaan:n
joden	jood:n
joodje	jood:n
halogenen	halogeen:n
halogeentje	halogeen:n
alkenen	alkeen:n
alkeentje	alkeen:n
doses	dosis:n
deeltjes	deeltje:n
hemellichamen	hemellichaam:n
hemellichaampje	hemellichaam:n
sacherijniger	sacherijnig:a
sacherijnigst	sacherijnig:a
sacherijnige	sacherijnig:a
sacherijnigere	sacherijnig:a
sacherijnigste	sacherijnig:a
chagrijniger	chagrijnig:a
chagrijnigst	chagrijnig:a
chagrijnige	chagrijnig:a
chagrijnigere	chagrijnig:a
chagrijnigste	chagrijnig:a
sacherijn	chagrijn:n
chagrijnen	chagrijn:n
chagrijntje	chagrijn:n
vervelingen	verveling:n
vervelinkje	verveling:n
kankerlijers	kankerlijer:n
kankerlijertje	kankerlijer:n
kankerlijders	kankerlijder:n
kankerlijdertje	kankerlijder:n
juten	juut:n
juutje	juut:n
classes	classis:n
draadloze	draadloos:a
vz.	voorzetsel:n
bevriender	bevriend:a
bevriendst	bevriend:a
bevriende	bevriend:a
bevriendere	bevriend:a
bevriendste	bevriend:a
vriendschappen	vriendschap:n
vriendschapje	vriendschap:n
bondgenoten	bondgenoot:n
bondgenootje	bondgenoot:n
genootje	genoot:n|genote:n
bw.	bijwoord:n
verklaringen	verklaring:n
verklarinkje	verklaring:n
waarnemers	waarnemer:n
waarnemertje	waarnemer:n
waarnemingen	waarneming:n
waarneem	waarnemen:v
waarnam	waarnemen:v
waarneemt	waarnemen:v
waarnamen	waarnemen:v
waarnemend	waarnemen:v
waargenomen	waarnemen:v
tijdelijker	tijdelijk:a
tijdelijkst	tijdelijk:a
tijdelijke	tijdelijk:a
tijdelijkere	tijdelijk:a
tijdelijkste	tijdelijk:a
vw.	voegwoord:n
darmen	darm:n
darmpje	darm:n
mededelingen	mededeling:n
mededelinkje	mededeling:n
internationale	internationaal:a
kuipers	kuiper:n
kuipertje	kuiper:n
berken	berk:n
berkje	berk:n
graaf	graven:v
groef	graven:v|groeven:v
graaft	graven:v
groeven	graven:v|groef:n|groeve:n
gravend	graven:v
gegraven	graven:v
gedoog	gedogen:v
gedoogde	gedogen:v
gedoogt	gedogen:v
gedoogden	gedogen:v
gedogend	gedogen:v
gedoogd	gedogen:v|dogen:v
grist	grissen:v
bewoners	bewoner:n
bewonertje	bewoner:n
voorlopiger	voorlopig:a
voorlopigst	voorlopig:a
voorlopige	voorlopig:a
voorlopigere	voorlopig:a
voorlopigste	voorlopig:a
wijkje	wijk:n
aaneengedraaid	aaneendraaien:v
mummies	mummie:n
sjok	sjokken:v
havengebieden	havengebied:n
havengebiedje	havengebied:n
nabijer	nabij:a
nabijst	nabij:a
nabije	nabij:a
nabijere	nabij:a
nabijste	nabij:a
doorbreng	doorbrengen:v
doorbracht	doorbrengen:v
doorbrengt	doorbrengen:v
doorbrachten	doorbrengen:v
doorbrengend	doorbrengen:v
doorgebracht	doorbrengen:v
bijeenkomsten	bijeenkomst:n
bijeenkomstje	bijeenkomst:n
vrijgeef	vrijgeven:v
vrijgaf	vrijgeven:v
vrijgeeft	vrijgeven:v
vrijgaven	vrijgeven:v
vrijgevend	vrijgeven:v
vrijgegeven	vrijgeven:v
betrek	betrekken:v
betrok	betrekken:v
betrekt	betrekken:v
betrokken	betrekken:v
betrekkend	betrekken:v
voorvoegsels	voorvoegsel:n
voorvoegseltje	voorvoegsel:n
betrokkenen	betrokkene:n
bijwoon	bijwonen:v
bijwoonde	bijwonen:v
bijwoont	bijwonen:v
bijwoonden	bijwonen:v
bijwonend	bijwonen:v
bijgewoond	bijwonen:v
loopbanen	loopbaan:n
loopbaantje	loopbaan:n
hardloop	hardlopen:v
hardliep	hardlopen:v
hardloopt	hardlopen:v
hardliepen	hardlopen:v
hardlopend	hardlopen:v
hardgelopen	hardlopen:v
aankom	aankomen:v
aankwam	aankomen:v
aankomt	aankomen:v
aankwamen	aankomen:v
aankomend	aankomen:v
aangekomen	aankomen:v
aankomsten	aankomst:n
aankomstje	aankomst:n
schik	schikken:v
schikte	schikken:v
schikt	schikken:v
schikten	schikken:v
schikkend	schikken:v
lastiger	lastig:a
lastigst	lastig:a
lastige	lastig:a
lastigere	lastig:a
lastigste	lastig:a
grootten	grootte:n
groottes	grootte:n
uitdrukkingen	uitdrukking:n
uitdrukkinkje	uitdrukking:n
betref	betreffen:v
betrof	betreffen:v
betreft	betreffen:v
betroffen	betreffen:v
betreffend	betreffen:v
zinsdelen	zinsdeel:n
zinsdeeltje	zinsdeel:n
taaluitingen	taaluiting:n
taaluitinkje	taaluiting:n
streektalen	streektaal:n
streektaaltje	streektaal:n
mondelinge	mondeling:a
schriftelijke	schriftelijk:a
schriften	schrift:n
schriftje	schrift:n
driehoeken	driehoek:n
driehoekje	driehoek:n
bevestig	bevestigen:v
bevestigde	bevestigen:v
bevestigt	bevestigen:v
bevestigden	bevestigen:v
bevestigend	bevestigen:v
bevestigd	bevestigen:v
vasten	vaste:n
kabels	kabel:n
kabeltje	kabel:n
gevulde	gevuld:a
vissersschepen	vissersschip:n
vissersscheepje	vissersschip:n
vissersboten	vissersboot:n
vissersbootje	vissersboot:n
vist	vissen:v
visten	vissen:v
vissend	vissen:v
gevist	vissen:v
stookoliën	stookolie:n
stookolietje	stookolie:n
lekte	lekken:v
lekt	lekken:v
lekten	lekken:v
lekkend	lekken:v
gelekt	lekken:v
woonboten	woonboot:n
woonbootje	woonboot:n
ongevallen	ongeval:n
ongevalletje	ongeval:n
giftiger	giftig:a
giftigst	giftig:a
giftige	giftig:a
giftigere	giftig:a
giftigste	giftig:a
vergiffen	vergif:n
vergifje	vergif:n
stabiliseer	stabiliseren:v
stabiliseerde	stabiliseren:v
stabiliseert	stabiliseren:v
stabiliseerden	stabiliseren:v
stabiliserend	stabiliseren:v
gestabiliseerd	stabiliseren:v
kantel	kantelen:v
kantelde	kantelen:v
kantelt	kantelen:v
kantelden	kantelen:v
kantelend	kantelen:v
gekanteld	kantelen:v
kantelen	kanteel:n
graadje	graad:n
kritieker	kritiek:a
kritiekst	kritiek:a
kritieke	kritiek:a
kritiekere	kritiek:a
kritiekste	kritiek:a
kritieken	kritiek:n
kritiekje	kritiek:n
vruchtte	vruchten:v
vruchtten	vruchten:v
vruchtend	vruchten:v
gevrucht	vruchten:v
afwerp	afwerpen:v
afwierp	afwerpen:v
afwerpt	afwerpen:v
afwierpen	afwerpen:v
afwerpend	afwerpen:v
afgeworpen	afwerpen:v
zichtbaarder	zichtbaar:a
zichtbaarst	zichtbaar:a
zichtbare	zichtbaar:a
zichtbaardere	zichtbaar:a
zichtbaarste	zichtbaar:a
vlammen	vlam:n
vlammetje	vlam:n
vlam	vlammen:v
buitenkanten	buitenkant:n
buitenkantje	buitenkant:n
ontwikkelingen	ontwikkeling:n
ontwikkelingetje	ontwikkeling:n
ontwikkelinkje	ontwikkeling:n
rookontwikkelingen	rookontwikkeling:n
rookontwikkelingetje	rookontwikkeling:n
geleidelijker	geleidelijk:a
geleidelijkst	geleidelijk:a
geleidelijke	geleidelijk:a
geleidelijkere	geleidelijk:a
geleidelijkste	geleidelijk:a
bergingen	berging:n
berginkje	berging:n
bergingsbedrijven	bergingsbedrijf:n
bergingsbedrijfje	bergingsbedrijf:n
onderzocht	onderzoeken:v
onderzoekt	onderzoeken:v
onderzochten	onderzoeken:v
onderzoekend	onderzoeken:v
overheden	overheid:n
bestrijdingen	bestrijding:n
bestrijdinkje	bestrijding:n
bestrijd	bestrijden:v
bestreed	bestrijden:v
bestrijdt	bestrijden:v
bestreden	bestrijden:v
bestrijdend	bestrijden:v
onduidelijker	onduidelijk:a
onduidelijkst	onduidelijk:a
onduidelijke	onduidelijk:a
onduidelijkere	onduidelijk:a
onduidelijkste	onduidelijk:a
blus	blussen:v
bluste	blussen:v
blust	blussen:v
blusten	blussen:v
blussend	blussen:v
geblust	blussen:v
vervang	vervangen:v
verving	vervangen:v
vervangt	vervangen:v
vervingen	vervangen:v
vervangend	vervangen:v
aardvarkens	aardvarken:n
aardvarkentje	aardvarken:n
walvissen	walvis:n
walvisje	walvis:n
verricht	verrichten:v
verrichtte	verrichten:v
verrichtten	verrichten:v
verrichtend	verrichten:v
fracties	fractie:n
fractietje	fractie:n
omvangen	omvang:n
onderdelen	onderdeel:n
onderdeeltje	onderdeel:n
exemplaren	exemplaar:n
exemplaartje	exemplaar:n
gehele	geheel:a
gehelen	geheel:n
ruiten	ruit:n
ruitje	ruit:n|rui:n
ruit	ruien:v
aanhangers	aanhanger:n
aanhangertje	aanhanger:n
vertegenwoordig	vertegenwoordigen:v
vertegenwoordigde	vertegenwoordigen:v
vertegenwoordigt	vertegenwoordigen:v
vertegenwoordigden	vertegenwoordigen:v
vertegenwoordigend	vertegenwoordigen:v
vertegenwoordigd	vertegenwoordigen:v
volmondiger	volmondig:a
volmondigst	volmondig:a
volmondige	volmondig:a
volmondigere	volmondig:a
volmondigste	volmondig:a
mondiger	mondig:a
mondigst	mondig:a
mondige	mondig:a
mondigere	mondig:a
mondigste	mondig:a
assertiever	assertief:a
assertiefst	assertief:a
assertieve	assertief:a
assertievere	assertief:a
assertiefste	assertief:a
stemde	stemmen:v
stemt	stemmen:v
stemden	stemmen:v
stemmend	stemmen:v
gestemd	stemmen:v
instem	instemmen:v
instemde	instemmen:v
instemt	instemmen:v
instemden	instemmen:v
instemmend	instemmen:v
ingestemd	instemmen:v
muz.	muziek:n
onderlinge	onderling:a
toonhoogtes	toonhoogte:n
toonhoogten	toonhoogte:n
akkoorden	akkoord:n
akkoordje	akkoord:n
regeerakkoorden	regeerakkoord:n
regeerakkoordje	regeerakkoord:n
regeer	regeren:v
regeerde	regeren:v
regeert	regeren:v
regeerden	regeren:v
regerend	regeren:v
geregeerd	regeren:v
coalities	coalitie:n
coalitietje	coalitie:n
verwachtingen	verwachting:n
verwachtinkje	verwachting:n
gezinnen	gezin:n
gezinnetje	gezin:n
aangepaster	aangepast:a
aangepastst	aangepast:a
aangepaste	aangepast:a
aangepastere	aangepast:a
aangepastste	aangepast:a
inneem	innemen:v
innam	innemen:v
inneemt	innemen:v
innamen	innemen:v|inname:n
innemend	innemen:v
ingenomen	innemen:v
binnenhaal	binnenhalen:v
binnenhaalde	binnenhalen:v
binnenhaalt	binnenhalen:v
binnenhaalden	binnenhalen:v
binnenhalend	binnenhalen:v
binnengehaald	binnenhalen:v
gijzelaars	gijzelaar:n
gijzelaartje	gijzelaar:n
orgels	orgel:n
orgeltje	orgel:n
orgel	orgelen:v
feestelijker	feestelijk:a
feestelijkst	feestelijk:a
feestelijke	feestelijk:a
feestelijkere	feestelijk:a
feestelijkste	feestelijk:a
feestte	feesten:v
feestten	feesten:v
feestend	feesten:v
gefeest	feesten:v
gisteravond	gisterenavond:d
memorabeler	memorabel:a
memorabelst	memorabel:a
memorabele	memorabel:a
memorabelere	memorabel:a
memorabelste	memorabel:a
gedenkwaardiger	gedenkwaardig:a
gedenkwaardigst	gedenkwaardig:a
gedenkwaardige	gedenkwaardig:a
gedenkwaardigere	gedenkwaardig:a
gedenkwaardigste	gedenkwaardig:a
waardiger	waardig:a
waardigst	waardig:a
waardige	waardig:a
waardigere	waardig:a
waardigste	waardig:a
afleid	afleiden:v
afleidde	afleiden:v
afleidt	afleiden:v
afleidden	afleiden:v
afleidend	afleiden:v
afgeleid	afleiden:v
afgeleides	afgeleide:n
integralen	integraal:n
integraaltje	integraal:n
integraler	integraal:a
integraalst	integraal:a
integrale	integraal:a
integralere	integraal:a
integraalste	integraal:a
grondwoorden	grondwoord:n
grondwoordje	grondwoord:n
gegronde	gegrond:a
grondiger	grondig:a
grondigst	grondig:a
grondige	grondig:a
grondigere	grondig:a
grondigste	grondig:a
ondergrondse	ondergronds:a
zinnen	zin:n
zinnetje	zin:n
zin	zinnen:v
krankzinniger	krankzinnig:a
krankzinnigst	krankzinnig:a
krankzinnige	krankzinnig:a
krankzinnigere	krankzinnig:a
krankzinnigste	krankzinnig:a
zinlozer	zinloos:a
zinloost	zinloos:a
zinloze	zinloos:a
zinlozere	zinloos:a
zinlooste	zinloos:a
onzinniger	onzinnig:a
onzinnigst	onzinnig:a
onzinnige	onzinnig:a
onzinnigere	onzinnig:a
onzinnigste	onzinnig:a
diepzinniger	diepzinnig:a
diepzinnigst	diepzinnig:a
diepzinnige	diepzinnig:a
diepzinnigere	diepzinnig:a
diepzinnigste	diepzinnig:a
gedenk	gedenken:v
gedenkt	gedenken:v
gedenkend	gedenken:v
hardde	harden:v
hardt	harden:v
hardden	harden:v
hardend	harden:v
gehard	harden:v
harden	harde:n
alken	alk:n
alkje	alk:n
kluten	kluut:n
kluutje	kluut:n
kanaries	kanarie:n
kanarietje	kanarie:n
miereneters	miereneter:n
mierenetertje	miereneter:n
antilopen	antilope:n
antilopes	antilope:n
antiloopje	antilope:n
vleermuizen	vleermuis:n
vleermuisje	vleermuis:n
buffels	buffel:n
buffeltje	buffel:n
kamelen	kameel:n
kameeltje	kameel:n
jachtluipaarden	jachtluipaard:n
jachtluipaardje	jachtluipaard:n
dolfijnen	dolfijn:n
dolfijntje	dolfijn:n
dolfijner	dolfijn:a
dolfijnst	dolfijn:a
dolfijne	dolfijn:a
dolfijnere	dolfijn:a
dolfijnste	dolfijn:a
dromedarissen	dromedaris:n
dromedarisje	dromedaris:n
gnoes	gnoe:n
gnoetje	gnoe:n
nijlpaarden	nijlpaard:n
nijlpaardje	nijlpaard:n
kangoeroes	kangoeroe:n
kangoeroetje	kangoeroe:n
luipaarden	luipaard:n
luipaardje	luipaard:n
mammoeten	mammoet:n
mammoets	mammoet:n
mammoetje	mammoet:n
zeekoeien	zeekoe:n
zeekoetje	zeekoe:n|zeekoet:n
stokstaartjes	stokstaartje:n
moeflons	moeflon:n
moeflonnetje	moeflon:n
vogelbekdieren	vogelbekdier:n
vogelbekdiertje	vogelbekdier:n
ijsberen	ijsbeer:n
ijsbeertje	ijsbeer:n
ijsbeer	ijsberen:v
bunzingen	bunzing:n
bunzinkje	bunzing:n
geestdriftiger	geestdriftig:a
geestdriftigst	geestdriftig:a
geestdriftige	geestdriftig:a
geestdriftigere	geestdriftig:a
geestdriftigste	geestdriftig:a
driftiger	driftig:a
driftigst	driftig:a
driftige	driftig:a
driftigere	driftig:a
driftigste	driftig:a
driftkikkers	driftkikker:n
driftkikkertje	driftkikker:n
kikkers	kikker:n
kikkertje	kikker:n
bosbessen	bosbes:n
bosbesje	bosbes:n
perziken	perzik:n
perzikje	perzik:n
appelsienen	appelsien:n
appelsientje	appelsien:n
paarser	paars:a
paarst	paars:a
paarse	paars:a
paarsere	paars:a
paarste	paars:a
zediger	zedig:a
zedigst	zedig:a
zedige	zedig:a
zedigere	zedig:a
zedigste	zedig:a
afwijk	afwijken:v
afweek	afwijken:v
afwijkt	afwijken:v
afweken	afwijken:v
afwijkend	afwijken:v
afgeweken	afwijken:v
afwijkingen	afwijking:n
afwijkinkje	afwijking:n
afloop	aflopen:v
afliep	aflopen:v
afloopt	aflopen:v
afliepen	aflopen:v
aflopend	aflopen:v
opwellingen	opwelling:n
opwellinkje	opwelling:n
neig	neigen:v
neigde	neigen:v
neigt	neigen:v
neigden	neigen:v
neigend	neigen:v
geneigd	neigen:v
neigingen	neiging:n
neiginkje	neiging:n
heftiger	heftig:a
heftigst	heftig:a
heftige	heftig:a
heftigere	heftig:a
heftigste	heftig:a
veroorzaak	veroorzaken:v
veroorzaakte	veroorzaken:v
veroorzaakt	veroorzaken:v
veroorzaakten	veroorzaken:v
veroorzakend	veroorzaken:v
stichtingen	stichting:n
stichtinkje	stichting:n
sticht	stichten:v
stichtte	stichten:v
stichtten	stichten:v
stichtend	stichten:v
gesticht	stichten:v
bevorder	bevorderen:v
bevorderde	bevorderen:v
bevordert	bevorderen:v
bevorderden	bevorderen:v
bevorderend	bevorderen:v
bevorderd	bevorderen:v
meioses	meiose:n
wasberen	wasbeer:n
wasbeertje	wasbeer:n
rendieren	rendier:n
rendiertje	rendier:n
knaagdieren	knaagdier:n
knaagdiertje	knaagdier:n
spitsmuizen	spitsmuis:n
spitsmuisje	spitsmuis:n
luiaards	luiaard:n
luiaardje	luiaard:n
eekhoorns	eekhoorn:n
eekhoorntje	eekhoorn:n
tijgers	tijger:n
tijgertje	tijger:n
wezels	wezel:n
wezeltje	wezel:n
kaaimannen	kaaiman:n
kaaimans	kaaiman:n
kaaimannetje	kaaiman:n
krokodillen	krokodil:n
krokodilletje	krokodil:n
hagedissen	hagedis:n
hagedisje	hagedis:n
zoogdieren	zoogdier:n
zoogdiertje	zoogdier:n
amfibieën	amfibie:n
amfibietje	amfibie:n
roofvogels	roofvogel:n
roofvogeltje	roofvogel:n
roerdompen	roerdomp:n
roerdompje	roerdomp:n
emoes	emoe:n
koekoeken	koekoek:n
koekoekje	koekoek:n
ontduik	ontduiken:v
ontdook	ontduiken:v
ontduikt	ontduiken:v
ontdoken	ontduiken:v
ontduikend	ontduiken:v
ontduikingen	ontduiking:n
ontduikinkje	ontduiking:n
belastingontduikingen	belastingontduiking:n
belastingontduikinkje	belastingontduiking:n
opduik	opduiken:v
opdook	opduiken:v
opduikt	opduiken:v
opdoken	opduiken:v
opduikend	opduiken:v
opgedoken	opduiken:v
bezigheden	bezigheid:n
bezigheidje	bezigheid:n
schaakstukken	schaakstuk:n
schaakstukje	schaakstuk:n
lopers	loper:n
lopertje	loper:n
delf	delven:v
dolf	delven:v
delvend	delven:v
gedolven	delven:v
delfde	delven:v
delfden	delven:v
gedelfd	delven:v
delfstoffen	delfstof:n
kleinkinderen	kleinkind:n
kleinkindje	kleinkind:n
verkleinwoorden	verkleinwoord:n
verkleinwoordje	verkleinwoord:n
geleek	gelijken:v
gelijkt	gelijken:v
gelijkend	gelijken:v
hoedanigheden	hoedanigheid:n
hoedanigheidje	hoedanigheid:n
overtref	overtreffen:v
overtrof	overtreffen:v
overtreft	overtreffen:v
overtroffen	overtreffen:v
overtreffend	overtreffen:v
vergroot	vergroten:v
vergrootte	vergroten:v
vergrootten	vergroten:v
vergrotend	vergroten:v
bijouterieën	bijouterie:n
bijouterietje	bijouterie:n
kond	konden:v
kondde	konden:v
kondt	konden:v|kunnen:v
kondden	konden:v
kondend	konden:v
gekond	konden:v
agoeti's	agoeti:n
agoetietje	agoeti:n
beloega's	beloega:n
beloegaatje	beloega:n
bizons	bizon:n
bizonnetje	bizon:n
capibara's	capibara:n
capibaraatje	capibara:n
cheeta's	cheeta:n
cheetaatje	cheeta:n
civetkatten	civetkat:n
civetkatje	civetkat:n
beverratten	beverrat:n
beverratje	beverrat:n
doejongs	doejong:n
doejongetje	doejong:n
mierenegels	mierenegel:n
mierenegeltje	mierenegel:n
hermelijnen	hermelijn:n
hermelijntje	hermelijn:n
damherten	damhert:n
damhertje	damhert:n
fenneks	fennek:n
fenneken	fennek:n
fennekje	fennek:n
goudhamsters	goudhamster:n
goudhamstertje	goudhamster:n
grizzlyberen	grizzlybeer:n
grizzlybeertje	grizzlybeer:n
bultruggen	bultrug:n
bultruggetje	bultrug:n
bultrugje	bultrug:n
jakhalzen	jakhals:n
jakhalsje	jakhals:n
scheentje	scheen:n
achtervoegsels	achtervoegsel:n
achtervoegseltje	achtervoegsel:n
toevoeg	toevoegen:v
toevoegde	toevoegen:v
toevoegt	toevoegen:v
toevoegden	toevoegen:v
toevoegend	toevoegen:v
toegevoegd	toevoegen:v
toevoegsels	toevoegsel:n
toevoegseltje	toevoegsel:n
verbanden	verband:n|verbannen:v
verbandje	verband:n
verhoudingen	verhouding:n
verhoudinkje	verhouding:n
verhou	verhouden:v
verhoud	verhouden:v
verhield	verhouden:v
verhoudt	verhouden:v
verhielden	verhouden:v
verhoudend	verhouden:v
koffiepoeders	koffiepoeder:n
koffiepoedertje	koffiepoeder:n
etten	ette:n
etje	ette:n
boogje	boog:n
poeders	poeder:n
poedertje	poeder:n
koffiehuizen	koffiehuis:n
koffiehuisje	koffiehuis:n
vendu's	vendu:n
venduen	vendu:n
raadpleeg	raadplegen:v
raadpleegde	raadplegen:v
raadpleegt	raadplegen:v
raadpleegden	raadplegen:v
raadplegend	raadplegen:v
geraadpleegd	raadplegen:v
overgankelijke	overgankelijk:a
onovergankelijke	onovergankelijk:a
chocolaterieën	chocolaterie:n
chocolateries	chocolaterie:n
chocolaterietje	chocolaterie:n
beschouw	beschouwen:v
beschouwde	beschouwen:v
beschouwt	beschouwen:v
beschouwden	beschouwen:v
beschouwend	beschouwen:v
beschouwd	beschouwen:v
behandel	behandelen:v
behandelde	behandelen:v
behandelt	behandelen:v
behandelden	behandelen:v
behandelend	behandelen:v
behandeld	behandelen:v
optreed	optreden:v
optrad	optreden:v
optreedt	optreden:v
optraden	optreden:v
optredend	optreden:v
opgetreden	optreden:v
optredens	optreden:n
optredentje	optreden:n
treed	treden:v
trad	treden:v
treedt	treden:v
traden	treden:v
tredend	treden:v
getreden	treden:v
vervoegingen	vervoeging:n
vervoeginkje	vervoeging:n
legenda's	legenda:n
legendaatje	legenda:n
madonna's	madonna:n
protectionisten	protectionist:n
hedens	hede:n
lengen	leng:n
lengetje	leng:n
komodovaranen	komodovaraan:n
komodovaraantje	komodovaraan:n
petameters	petameter:n
apostrofs	apostrof:n
apostroffen	apostrof:n
apostrofje	apostrof:n
demente	dement:a
coquet	koket:a
jojo's	jojo:n
jojootje	jojo:n
jojo	jojoën:v
toekomende	toekomend:a
rechtmatiger	rechtmatig:a
rechtmatigst	rechtmatig:a
rechtmatige	rechtmatig:a
rechtmatigere	rechtmatig:a
rechtmatigste	rechtmatig:a
voorwaardelijker	voorwaardelijk:a
voorwaardelijkst	voorwaardelijk:a
voorwaardelijke	voorwaardelijk:a
voorwaardelijkere	voorwaardelijk:a
voorwaardelijkste	voorwaardelijk:a
concludere	concluderen:v
voorwaarden	voorwaarde:n
voorwaardetje	voorwaarde:n
bepalingen	bepaling:n
bepalinkje	bepaling:n
vaststel	vaststellen:v
vaststelde	vaststellen:v
vaststelt	vaststellen:v
vaststelden	vaststellen:v
vaststellend	vaststellen:v
vastgesteld	vaststellen:v
besluitje	besluit:n
overwegingen	overweging:n
overweginkje	overweging:n
gekko's	gekko:n
petrodollars	petrodollar:n
brachte	brengen:v
popte	poppen:v
popt	poppen:v
popten	poppen:v
poppend	poppen:v
gepopt	poppen:v
sonatina	sonatine:n
tuiten	tuit:n
tuitje	tuit:n
tuit	tuiten:v
nollen	nol:n
visse	vissen:v
vissetje	visse:n
visseke	visse:n
basse	bassen:v
ontledingen	ontleding:n
ontledinkje	ontleding:n
ontleed	ontleden:v
ontleedde	ontleden:v
ontleedt	ontleden:v
ontleedden	ontleden:v
ontledend	ontleden:v
benamingen	benaming:n
benaminkje	benaming:n
gesteldheden	gesteldheid:n
verbuig	verbuigen:v
verboog	verbuigen:v
verbuigt	verbuigen:v
verbogen	verbuigen:v
verbuigend	verbuigen:v
naamvallen	naamval:n
naamvalletje	naamval:n
buig	buigen:v
buigt	buigen:v
buigend	buigen:v
gebogen	buigen:v
regenboogje	regenboog:n
onweren	onweer:n
onweertje	onweer:n
onweer	onweren:v
omweer	onweer:n
stoffelijker	stoffelijk:a
stoffelijkst	stoffelijk:a
stoffelijke	stoffelijk:a
stoffelijkere	stoffelijk:a
stoffelijkste	stoffelijk:a
interesses	interesse:n
interessen	interesse:n
interesse	interest:n
tors	torsen:v
dilettanten	dilettant:n
dilettantje	dilettant:n
puristen	purist:n
vademecums	vademecum:n
grutto's	grutto:n
mentale	mentaal:a
renne	rennen:v
gewervelden	gewervelde:n
gewervelde	gewerveld:a
crushers	crusher:n
crushertje	crusher:n
beulen	beul:n
beultje	beul:n
gremia	gremium:n
pilasters	pilaster:n
pilastertje	pilaster:n
boosters	booster:n
boostertje	booster:n
cantaten	cantate:n
cantates	cantate:n
soutanes	soutane:n
balgen	balg:n
balgje	balg:n
dagmarsen	dagmars:n
zangetje	zang:n
onderhandelaren	onderhandelaar:n
onderhandelaars	onderhandelaar:n
onderhandelaartje	onderhandelaar:n
sleutelde	sleutelen:v
sleutelt	sleutelen:v
sleutelden	sleutelen:v
sleutelend	sleutelen:v
gesleuteld	sleutelen:v
wijzigingen	wijziging:n
wijziginkje	wijziging:n
wijzigingetje	wijziging:n
voorstellingen	voorstelling:n
voorstellinkje	voorstelling:n
ouderdommen	ouderdom:n
aanvul	aanvullen:v
aanvulde	aanvullen:v
aanvult	aanvullen:v
aanvulden	aanvullen:v
aanvullend	aanvullen:v
aangevuld	aanvullen:v
pensioenen	pensioen:n
pensioentje	pensioen:n
meebetaal	meebetalen:v
meebetaalde	meebetalen:v
meebetaalt	meebetalen:v
meebetaalden	meebetalen:v
meebetalend	meebetalen:v
meebetaald	meebetalen:v
doorwerk	doorwerken:v
doorwerkte	doorwerken:v
doorwerkt	doorwerken:v
doorwerkten	doorwerken:v
doorwerkend	doorwerken:v
doorgewerkt	doorwerken:v
voortga	voortgaan:v
voortging	voortgaan:v
voortgaat	voortgaan:v
voortgingen	voortgaan:v
voortgaand	voortgaan:v
voortgegaan	voortgaan:v
compensaties	compensatie:n
compensatietje	compensatie:n
communicanten	communicant:n
communicantje	communicant:n
appeltaarten	appeltaart:n
appeltaartje	appeltaart:n
concealers	concealer:n
geologen	geoloog:n
geoloogje	geoloog:n
punkers	punker:n
virologen	viroloog:n
quotiënten	quotiënt:n
quotiëntje	quotiënt:n
gezamenlijker	gezamenlijk:a
gezamenlijkst	gezamenlijk:a
gezamenlijke	gezamenlijk:a
gezamenlijkere	gezamenlijk:a
gezamenlijkste	gezamenlijk:a
gemeenschappelijker	gemeenschappelijk:a
gemeenschappelijkst	gemeenschappelijk:a
gemeenschappelijke	gemeenschappelijk:a
gemeenschappelijkere	gemeenschappelijk:a
gemeenschappelijkste	gemeenschappelijk:a
ploegen	ploeg:n
ploegje	ploeg:n
ploeg	ploegen:v
ministersploegen	ministersploeg:n
ministersploegje	ministersploeg:n
samenstel	samenstellen:v
samenstelde	samenstellen:v
samenstelt	samenstellen:v
samenstelden	samenstellen:v
samenstellend	samenstellen:v
samengesteld	samenstellen:v
stelletje	stel:n
verschijn	verschijnen:v
verscheen	verschijnen:v
verschijnt	verschijnen:v
verschenen	verschijnen:v
verschijnend	verschijnen:v
mijd	mijden:v
mijdt	mijden:v
meden	mijden:v
mijdend	mijden:v
gemeden	mijden:v
opkomsten	opkomst:n
opkomstje	opkomst:n
ondergangen	ondergang:n
stemgerechtigden	stemgerechtigde:n
uitbreng	uitbrengen:v
uitbracht	uitbrengen:v
uitbrengt	uitbrengen:v
uitbrachten	uitbrengen:v
uitbrengend	uitbrengen:v
uitgebracht	uitbrengen:v
polyeders	polyeder:n
polyedertje	polyeder:n
zonsopgangen	zonsopgang:n
zonsopgangetje	zonsopgang:n
opgangen	opgang:n
opgangetje	opgang:n
zonsopkomsten	zonsopkomst:n
zonsopkomstje	zonsopkomst:n
zonsondergangen	zonsondergang:n
zonsondergangetje	zonsondergang:n
maansondergangen	maansondergang:n
maansopkomsten	maansopkomst:n
maansopgangen	maansopgang:n
vloeibaarder	vloeibaar:a
vloeibaarst	vloeibaar:a
vloeibare	vloeibaar:a
vloeibaardere	vloeibaar:a
vloeibaarste	vloeibaar:a
gasvormige	gasvormig:a
kunstmanen	kunstmaan:n
kunstmaantje	kunstmaan:n
kunstmatiger	kunstmatig:a
kunstmatigst	kunstmatig:a
kunstmatige	kunstmatig:a
kunstmatigere	kunstmatig:a
kunstmatigste	kunstmatig:a
kunststoffen	kunststof:n
kunststofje	kunststof:n
zwaartes	zwaarte:n
zwaarten	zwaarte:n
succesvoller	succesvol:a
succesvolst	succesvol:a
succesvolle	succesvol:a
succesvollere	succesvol:a
succesvolste	succesvol:a
afhankelijker	afhankelijk:a
afhankelijkst	afhankelijk:a
afhankelijke	afhankelijk:a
afhankelijkere	afhankelijk:a
afhankelijkste	afhankelijk:a
verontreinigingen	verontreiniging:n
verontreinigingetje	verontreiniging:n
verontreiniginkje	verontreiniging:n
verontreinig	verontreinigen:v
verontreinigde	verontreinigen:v
verontreinigt	verontreinigen:v
verontreinigden	verontreinigen:v
verontreinigend	verontreinigen:v
verontreinigd	verontreinigen:v
reinig	reinigen:v
reinigde	reinigen:v
reinigt	reinigen:v
reinigden	reinigen:v
reinigend	reinigen:v
gereinigd	reinigen:v
rederijen	rederij:n
rederijtje	rederij:n
reders	reder:n
redertje	reder:n
brouwerijen	brouwerij:n
brouwerijtje	brouwerij:n
brouwers	brouwer:n
brouwertje	brouwer:n
milieuverontreinigingen	milieuverontreiniging:n
milieuverontreinigingetje	milieuverontreiniging:n
verschijnselen	verschijnsel:n
verschijnsels	verschijnsel:n
verschijnseltje	verschijnsel:n
nederlagen	nederlaag:n
nederlaagje	nederlaag:n
prismata	prisma:n
prisma's	prisma:n
prismaatje	prisma:n
promilles	promille:n
congregationalisten	congregationalist:n
paria's	paria:n
pariaatje	paria:n
programma's	programma:n
programmaatje	programma:n
opalen	opaal:n
opaaltje	opaal:n
topazen	topaas:n
topaasje	topaas:n
lozer	loos:a
loost	loos:a|lozen:v
loze	loos:a|lozen:v
lozere	loos:a
looste	loos:a
procedere	procederen:v
convergenter	convergent:a
convergentst	convergent:a
convergente	convergent:a
convergentere	convergent:a
convergentste	convergent:a
bolero's	bolero:n
bolerootje	bolero:n
claxons	claxon:n
claxonnetje	claxon:n
concepten	concept:n
conceptje	concept:n
Shetlandser	Shetlands:a
Shetlandst	Shetlands:a
Shetlandse	Shetlands:a
Shetlandsere	Shetlands:a
Shetlandste	Shetlands:a
deprimere	deprimeren:v
blo	blood:a
behavioristen	behaviorist:n
bedels	bedel:n
bedeltje	bedel:n
bedel	pedel:n|bedelen:v
bik	bikken:v
uitgeef	uitgeven:v
uitgaf	uitgeven:v
uitgeeft	uitgeven:v
uitgaven	uitgeven:v|uitgave:n
uitgevend	uitgeven:v
uitgegeven	uitgeven:v
uitkies	uitkiezen:v
uitkoos	uitkiezen:v
uitkiest	uitkiezen:v
uitkozen	uitkiezen:v
uitkiezend	uitkiezen:v
uitgekozen	uitkiezen:v
gooi	gooien:v
gooide	gooien:v
gooit	gooien:v
gooiden	gooien:v
gooiend	gooien:v
gegooid	gooien:v
oplet	opletten:v
oplette	opletten:v
oplettend	opletten:v
opgelet	opletten:v
bakke	bakken:v
commiezen	commies:n
bacteriën	bacterie:n
bacterietje	bacterie:n
weggen	wegge:n
bakens	baken:n
bakentje	baken:n
geien	gei:n
geier	gei:a
geist	gei:a|geien:v
geie	gei:a|geien:v
geiere	gei:a
geiste	gei:a
gei	geien:v
analogieën	analogie:n
balke	balken:v
maai	maaien:v
maaide	maaien:v
maait	maaien:v
maaiden	maaien:v
maaiend	maaien:v
gemaaid	maaien:v
baaien	baai:n|baden:v
baaitje	baai:n
kraaien	kraai:n
kraaitje	kraai:n
kraai	kraaien:v
kraaide	kraaien:v
kraait	kraaien:v
kraaiden	kraaien:v
kraaiend	kraaien:v
gekraaid	kraaien:v
beertjes	beertje:n
couveuses	couveuse:n
couveusetje	couveuse:n
roei	roeien:v
roeide	roeien:v
roeit	roeien:v
roeiden	roeien:v
roeiend	roeien:v
geroeid	roeien:v
beschermers	beschermer:n
beschermertje	beschermer:n
verstoot	verstoten:v
verstootte	verstoten:v
verstootten	verstoten:v
verstotend	verstoten:v
verstiet	verstoten:v
verstieten	verstoten:v
stoot	stoten:v
stootte	stoten:v
stootten	stoten:v
stotend	stoten:v
gestoten	stoten:v
stieten	stoten:v
verzorgers	verzorger:n
verzorgertje	verzorger:n
verzorg	verzorgen:v
verzorgde	verzorgen:v|verzorgd:a
verzorgt	verzorgen:v
verzorgden	verzorgen:v
verzorgend	verzorgen:v
verzorgd	verzorgen:v
knuffel	knuffelen:v
knuffelde	knuffelen:v
knuffelt	knuffelen:v
knuffelden	knuffelen:v
knuffelend	knuffelen:v
geknuffeld	knuffelen:v
opvoed	opvoeden:v
opvoedde	opvoeden:v
opvoedt	opvoeden:v
opvoedden	opvoeden:v
opvoedend	opvoeden:v
opgevoed	opvoeden:v
stoor	storen:v
stoorde	storen:v
stoort	storen:v
stoorden	storen:v
storend	storen:v
gestoord	storen:v
gestoorder	gestoord:a
gestoordst	gestoord:a
gestoorde	gestoord:a
gestoordere	gestoord:a
gestoordste	gestoord:a
beterde	beteren:v
betert	beteren:v
beterden	beteren:v
beterend	beteren:v
gebeterd	beteren:v
beteer	beteren:v
beteerde	beteren:v
beteert	beteren:v
beteerden	beteren:v
beteerd	beteren:v
rechters	rechter:n
rechtertje	rechter:n
prooien	prooi:n
prooitje	prooi:n
meeuwen	meeuw:n
meeuwtje	meeuw:n
kieuwen	kieuw:n
kieuwtje	kieuw:n
bakere	bakeren:v
overlijd	overlijden:v
overleed	overlijden:v
overlijdt	overlijden:v
overlijdend	overlijden:v
handmatige	handmatig:a
buitengewoner	buitengewoon:a
buitengewoonst	buitengewoon:a
buitengewone	buitengewoon:a
buitengewonere	buitengewoon:a
buitengewoonste	buitengewoon:a
voegje	voeg:n
vertak	vertakken:v
vertakte	vertakken:v
vertakt	vertakken:v
vertakten	vertakken:v
vertakkend	vertakken:v
vertakkingen	vertakking:n
vertakkinkje	vertakking:n
barstte	barsten:v
barstten	barsten:v
barstend	barsten:v
gebarsten	barsten:v
barsten	barst:n
oplever	opleveren:v
opleverde	opleveren:v
oplevert	opleveren:v
opleverden	opleveren:v
opleverend	opleveren:v
opgeleverd	opleveren:v
leverde	leveren:v
levert	leveren:v
leverden	leveren:v
leverend	leveren:v
geleverd	leveren:v
overeenkomsten	overeenkomst:n
overeenkomstje	overeenkomst:n
werknemers	werknemer:n
werknemertje	werknemer:n
werkgevers	werkgever:n
werkgevertje	werkgever:n
wegwerk	wegwerken:v
wegwerkte	wegwerken:v
wegwerkt	wegwerken:v
wegwerkten	wegwerken:v
wegwerkend	wegwerken:v
weggewerkt	wegwerken:v
sleepte	slepen:v
sleept	slepen:v|slijpen:v
sleepten	slepen:v
slepend	slepen:v
gesleept	slepen:v
engobes	engobe:n
insignes	insigne:n
touw	getouw:n
touwen	touw:n
touwtje	touw:n
kaan	kanen:v
stabilisatoren	stabilisator:n
stabilisators	stabilisator:n
stabilisatortje	stabilisator:n
wezens	wezen:n
wezentje	wezen:n
uitstekender	uitstekend:a
uitstekendst	uitstekend:a
uitstekende	uitstekend:a
uitstekendere	uitstekend:a
uitstekendste	uitstekend:a
uitstekend	uitsteken:v
uitsteek	uitsteken:v
uitstak	uitsteken:v
uitsteekt	uitsteken:v
uitstaken	uitsteken:v
uitgestoken	uitsteken:v
downloadde	downloaden:v
downloadt	downloaden:v
downloadden	downloaden:v
downloadend	downloaden:v
gedownload	downloaden:v
downgeload	downloaden:v
perihelia	perihelium:n
materialisten	materialist:n
belletrist	bellettrist:n
alkynen	alkyn:n
alkyntje	alkyn:n
pronaoi	pronaos:n
kantele	kantelen:v
gepards	gepard:n
jongleurs	jongleur:n
akkers	akker:n
akkertje	akker:n
pols	polsslag:n|polsen:v
polsen	pols:n
polsje	pols:n
backpackers	backpacker:n
bruins	bruin:a
ruien	rui:n
ruiken	rui:n
rui	ruien:v
rianter	riant:a
riantst	riant:a
riante	riant:a
riantere	riant:a
riantste	riant:a
ratels	ratel:n
rateltje	ratel:n
ratel	ratelen:v
geeuw	geeuwen:v
geeuwde	geeuwen:v
geeuwt	geeuwen:v
geeuwden	geeuwen:v
geeuwend	geeuwen:v
gegeeuwd	geeuwen:v
geeuwen	geeuw:n
geeuwtje	geeuw:n
unica	unicum:n
unicums	unicum:n
unicumpje	unicum:n
hoornen	hoorn:n
hoorns	hoorn:n
hoorntje	hoorn:n
ravijnen	ravijn:n
ravijntje	ravijn:n
beken	beek:n|bekennen:v
beekje	beek:n
afgronden	afgrond:n
afgrondje	afgrond:n
bijlen	bijl:n
bijltje	bijl:n
gootje	goot:n
stokken	stok:n
stokje	stok:n
stok	stokken:v
PDS	prikkelbaredarmsyndroom:n
toffer	tof:a
tofst	tof:a
toffe	tof:a
toffere	tof:a
tofste	tof:a
dialyses	dialyse:n
banga's	banga:n
geheimen	geheim:n
geheimpje	geheim:n
geheimer	geheim:a
geheimst	geheim:a
geheime	geheim:a
geheimere	geheim:a
geheimste	geheim:a
hengen	heng:n
branders	brander:n
brandertje	brander:n
hakte	hakken:v
hakt	hakken:v
hakten	hakken:v
hakkend	hakken:v
gehakt	hakken:v
jodel	jodelen:v
effe	even:d
calvadossen	calvados:n
calvadosje	calvados:n
narwals	narwal:n
narwallen	narwal:n
narwalletje	narwal:n
potvissen	potvis:n
potvisje	potvis:n
buizerds	buizerd:n
buizerdje	buizerd:n
ervaringen	ervaring:n
ervarinkje	ervaring:n
misdaden	misdaad:n
misdaadje	misdaad:n
jackfruits	jackfruit:n
mojito's	mojito:n
mojitootje	mojito:n
gordeldieren	gordeldier:n
gordeldiertje	gordeldier:n
chimpansees	chimpansee:n
chimpanseetje	chimpansee:n
boeien	boei:n|boeiend:i
boeitje	boei:n
boei	boeien:v
seks	seksen:v
sekste	seksen:v
sekst	seksen:v
seksten	seksen:v
seksend	seksen:v
gesekst	seksen:v
seksen	sekse:n
gilets	gilet:n
giletje	gilet:n
kluizen	kluis:n
kluisje	kluis:n
kompassen	kompas:n
kompasje	kompas:n
chante	chanten:v
gobelins	gobelin:n
gobelintje	gobelin:n
sluizen	sluis:n
sluisje	sluis:n
sluis	sluizen:v
slurf	slurp:n
slurven	slurf:n|slurpen:v
slurfje	slurf:n
doodstraf	doodstraffen:v
doodstrafte	doodstraffen:v
doodstraft	doodstraffen:v
doodstraften	doodstraffen:v
doodstraffend	doodstraffen:v
gedoodstraft	doodstraffen:v
doodstraffen	doodstraf:n
klauwen	klauw:n
klauwtje	klauw:n
mouwen	mouw:n
mouwtje	mouw:n
spreeuwen	spreeuw:n
spreeuwtje	spreeuw:n
haviken	havik:n
havikje	havik:n
kransen	krans:n
kransje	krans:n
potasch	potas:n
pinguïns	pinguïn:n
pinguïntje	pinguïn:n
pinguïnnetje	pinguïn:n
ijsvogels	ijsvogel:n
ijsvogeltje	ijsvogel:n
immigrantes	immigrante:n
hekken	hek:n
hekje	hek:n
gokken	gok:n
gokje	gok:n
gok	gokken:v
klemmetje	klem:n
bizarder	bizar:a
bizarst	bizar:a
bizardere	bizar:a
bizarste	bizar:a
prutje	prut:n
gehuchten	gehucht:n
gehuchtje	gehucht:n
federalisten	federalist:n
nadenk	nadenken:v
nadacht	nadenken:v
nadenkt	nadenken:v
nadachten	nadenken:v
nadenkend	nadenken:v
nagedacht	nadenken:v
trompetten	trompet:n
trompetje	trompet:n
laterale	lateraal:a
ooien	ooi:n
ooitje	ooi:n
haaste	haasten:v
hausses	hausse:n
hausseje	hausse:n
annuellen	annuel:n
annuelletje	annuel:n
boulangers	boulanger:n
boulangertje	boulanger:n
herders	herder:n
herdertje	herder:n
globalisten	globalist:n
globalistje	globalist:n
voltes	volte:n
klarinetten	klarinet:n
klarinetje	klarinet:n
plakken	plak:n
plakje	plak:n
plak	plakken:v
carbonzuren	carbonzuur:n
bodemlozer	bodemloos:a
bodemloost	bodemloos:a
bodemloze	bodemloos:a
bodemlozere	bodemloos:a
bodemlooste	bodemloos:a
bovenvermelde	bovenvermeld:a
duiken	duik:n
duikje	duik:n
etuis	etui:n
etuitje	etui:n
invallen	inval:n
invalletje	inval:n
hommen	hom:n
hommetje	hom:n
smart	smarten:v
smartte	smarten:v
smartten	smarten:v
smartend	smarten:v
gesmart	smarten:v
drave	draven:v
achthoeken	achthoek:n
achthoekje	achthoek:n
seizoenen	seizoen:n
seizoentje	seizoen:n
schokken	schok:n
schokje	schok:n
schok	schokken:v
onmiddellijke	onmiddellijk:a
landmannen	landman:n
landmannetje	landman:n
stengels	stengel:n
stengeltje	stengel:n
moralisten	moralist:n
moralistje	moralist:n
monseigneurs	monseigneur:n
monseigneurtje	monseigneur:n
filmmakers	filmmaker:n
filmmakertje	filmmaker:n
technologieën	technologie:n
technologietje	technologie:n
couverts	couvert:n
sarcopenia	sarcopenie:n
muesli's	muesli:n
mueslietje	muesli:n
milorden	milord:n
milordje	milord:n
fotocamera's	fotocamera:n
fotocameraatje	fotocamera:n
orchissen	orchis:n
orchisje	orchis:n
brom	brommen:v
stelle	stellen:v
estaminets	estaminet:n
estaminetje	estaminet:n
rokkens	rokken:n
rokkentje	rokken:n
rokke	rokken:n
skatete	skaten:v
skatet	skaten:v
skateten	skaten:v
skatend	skaten:v
geskatet	skaten:v
balansen	balans:n
kabinetten	kabinet:n
kabinetje	kabinet:n
kapitalisten	kapitalist:n
kapitalistje	kapitalist:n
fasen	fase:n
fases	fase:n
fasetje	fase:n
akademie	academie:n
automatten	automat:n
automatje	automat:n
speur	speuren:v
smeden	smid:n
smidje	smid:n
kinofilms	kinofilm:n
prakken	prak:n
prakje	prak:n
offertes	offerte:n
offerten	offerte:n
offertetje	offerte:n
kontakt	contact:n
alternativo's	alternativo:n
alternativootje	alternativo:n
politici	politicus:n
probanden	proband:n
probandi	proband:n|probandus:n
trioletten	triolet:n
trioletje	triolet:n
korrespondent	correspondent:n
verbale	verbaal:a
opponenten	opponent:n
opponentje	opponent:n
tangensen	tangens:n
skepsis	scepsis:n
spionnen	spion:n
spionnetje	spion:n|spionne:n
colonnes	colonne:n
colonnetje	colonne:n
demagogieën	demagogie:n
papegaaien	papegaai:n
papegaaitje	papegaai:n
alben	albe:n
laboranten	laborant:n
vitaminen	vitamine:n
vitamines	vitamine:n
vitamientje	vitamine:n
springe	springen:v
klauwieren	klauwier:n
klauwiertje	klauwier:n
zwaluwen	zwaluw:n
zwaluwtje	zwaluw:n
delvingen	delving:n
regionale	regionaal:a
homoniemen	homoniem:n
homoniempje	homoniem:n
bordure	borduren:v
pullen	pul:n
pulletje	pul:n
processen	proces:n
procesje	proces:n
tosti's	tosti:n
novums	novum:n
formalisten	formalist:n
formalistje	formalist:n
fuckte	fucken:v
fuckt	fucken:v
fuckten	fucken:v
fuckend	fucken:v
gefuckt	fucken:v
Andre	André:m
zinvoller	zinvol:a
zinvolst	zinvol:a
zinvolle	zinvol:a
zinvollere	zinvol:a
zinvolste	zinvol:a
farmacieën	farmacie:n
externe	extern:a
docente	docent:n
smuil	smuilen:v
smuilde	smuilen:v
smuilt	smuilen:v
smuilden	smuilen:v
smuilend	smuilen:v
gesmuild	smuilen:v
ablativi	ablativus:n
verlovingen	verloving:n
verlovinkje	verloving:n
allergieën	allergie:n
allergietje	allergie:n
minimale	minimaal:a
ene	een:t
dynamischer	dynamisch:a
dynamischt	dynamisch:a
dynamische	dynamisch:a
dynamischere	dynamisch:a
dynamischte	dynamisch:a
stufi	studiefinanciering:n
gilden	gillen:v|gilde:n
lorgnons	lorgnon:n
kneed	kneden:v
slinkser	slinks:a
slinkst	slinks:a
slinkse	slinks:a
slinksere	slinks:a
slinkste	slinks:a
fissa's	fissa:n
fissaatje	fissa:n
larven	larve:n
larfje	larve:n
larvetje	larve:n
utopieën	utopie:n
utopietje	utopie:n
antennes	antenne:n
antennen	antenne:n
antennetje	antenne:n
materiën	materie:n
materies	materie:n
fotografieën	fotografie:n
fotografietje	fotografie:n
glories	glorie:n
glorietje	glorie:n
chirurgies	chirurgie:n
chirurgietje	chirurgie:n
colli's	colli:n
collietje	colli:n
operettes	operette:n
ecologieën	ecologie:n
economieën	economie:n
economietje	economie:n
geografieën	geografie:n
industrieën	industrie:n
industrietje	industrie:n
tragediën	tragedie:n
tragedietje	tragedie:n
dativi	dativus:n
ischemieën	ischemie:n
regies	regie:n
regietje	regie:n
novenen	novene:n
novenes	novene:n
territoriale	territoriaal:a
valuta's	valuta:n
uitschakel	uitschakelen:v
uitschakelde	uitschakelen:v
uitschakelt	uitschakelen:v
uitschakelden	uitschakelen:v
uitschakelend	uitschakelen:v
uitgeschakeld	uitschakelen:v
bewuster	bewust:a
bewustst	bewust:a
bewuste	bewust:a
bewustere	bewust:a
bewustste	bewust:a
fintje	fint:n
trossen	tros:n
trosje	tros:n
arteriën	arterie:n
arteries	arterie:n
autopsieën	autopsie:n
autopsietje	autopsie:n
polle	pollen:v
aspirines	aspirine:n
aspirientje	aspirine:n
ideologieën	ideologie:n
ideologietje	ideologie:n
brande	branden:v
manco's	manco:n
mancootje	manco:n
passere	passeren:v
geologieën	geologie:n
critici	criticus:n
glossen	glosse:n
filosofieën	filosofie:n
filosofietje	filosofie:n
categorieën	categorie:n
categorietje	categorie:n
autostrades	autostrade:n
autostraden	autostrade:n
autostradeke	autostrade:n
autostradetje	autostrade:n
assemblees	assemblee:n
stampe	stampen:v
tetralogieën	tetralogie:n
tetrarchieën	tetrarchie:n
tetrarchietje	tetrarchie:n
compagnies	compagnie:n
compagnieën	compagnie:n
compagnietje	compagnie:n
periferieën	periferie:n
periferietje	periferie:n
particuliere	particulier:a
particulieren	particulier:n
particuliertje	particulier:n
demografieën	demografie:n
biografieën	biografie:n
biografietje	biografie:n
entropieën	entropie:n
intimi	intimus:n
introducere	introduceren:v
ironieën	ironie:n
ironietje	ironie:n
diarreeën	diarree:n
fotografe	fotograaf:n
oncologieën	oncologie:n
oncologies	oncologie:n
oncologietje	oncologie:n
circumfixen	circumfix:n
circumfixje	circumfix:n
klammer	klam:a
klamst	klam:a
klamme	klam:a
klammere	klam:a
klamste	klam:a
tonsillectomieën	tonsillectomie:n
tonsillectomietje	tonsillectomie:n
motiveringen	motivering:n
motiverinkje	motivering:n
regio's	regio:n
regionen	regio:n
regiootje	regio:n
baretten	baret:n
baretje	baret:n
driester	driest:a
driestst	driest:a
drieste	driest:a
driestere	driest:a
driestste	driest:a
fiasco's	fiasco:n
fiascootje	fiasco:n
ouderser	ouders:a
ouderst	ouders:a
ouderse	ouders:a
oudersere	ouders:a
ouderste	ouders:a
humaner	humaan:a
humaanst	humaan:a
humane	humaan:a
humanere	humaan:a
humaanste	humaan:a
brade	braden:v
brulle	brullen:v
fotocopie	fotokopie:n
ypsilons	ypsilon:n
curiosa	curiosum:n
diabetica	diabeticus:n
empirici	empiricus:n
idiote	idioot:a
invaliden	invalide:n
invalidetje	invalide:n
invalider	invalide:a
invaliedst	invalide:a
invalidere	invalide:a
invaliedste	invalide:a
lakser	laks:a
lakst	laks:a
lakse	laks:a
laksere	laks:a
lakste	laks:a
liete	laten:v
passiva	passivum:n
rotondes	rotonde:n
rotonden	rotonde:n
rotondetje	rotonde:n
sani's	sani:n
solider	solide:a
soliedst	solide:a
solidere	solide:a
soliedste	solide:a
zitte	zitten:v
atlete	atleet:n
autoradio's	autoradio:n
autoradiootje	autoradio:n
epidemieën	epidemie:n
epidemies	epidemie:n
epidemietje	epidemie:n
jaspissen	jaspis:n
muiden	muide:n
trillers	triller:n
trillertje	triller:n
presenningen	presenning:n
presenninkje	presenning:n
luiten	luit:n
luitje	luit:n
lori's	lori:n
lorietje	lori:n
cabo	Cabo:n
carga's	carga:n
pelde	pellen:v
pelden	pellen:v
pellend	pellen:v
gepeld	pellen:v
morste	morsen:v
morst	morsen:v
morsten	morsen:v
morsend	morsen:v
gemorst	morsen:v
vape	vapen:v
vapete	vapen:v
vapet	vapen:v
vapeten	vapen:v
vapend	vapen:v
gevapet	vapen:v
zambo's	zambo:n
necrosetje	necrose:n
chirurgen	chirurg:n
chirurgje	chirurg:n
aja's	aja:n
ajaatje	aja:n
neutrale	neutraal:a
beveel	bevelen:v
beval	bevelen:v|bevallen:v
beveelt	bevelen:v
bevalen	bevelen:v
bevelend	bevelen:v
bevolen	bevelen:v
gebouwen	gebouw:n
gebouwtje	gebouw:n
feliciteer	feliciteren:v
feliciteerde	feliciteren:v
feliciteert	feliciteren:v
feliciteerden	feliciteren:v
feliciterend	feliciteren:v
gefeliciteerd	feliciteren:v
koninkrijken	koninkrijk:n
koninkrijkje	koninkrijk:n
kappers	kapper:n
kappertje	kapper:n
nomaden	nomade:n
nomadetje	nomade:n
felicitaties	felicitatie:n
felicitatietje	felicitatie:n
baggerder	bagger:a
baggerst	bagger:a
baggere	bagger:a|baggeren:v
baggerdere	bagger:a
baggerste	bagger:a
bagger	baggeren:v
rugzakken	rugzak:n
rugzakje	rugzak:n
driezen	dries:n
regende	regenen:v
regenden	regenen:v
regenend	regenen:v
geregend	regenen:v
substantieven	substantief:n
adjectieven	adjectief:n
adjectiefje	adjectief:n
sossen	sos:n
sosje	sos:n
rekels	rekel:n
rekeltje	rekel:n
collaborateurs	collaborateur:n
collaborateurtje	collaborateur:n
golfe	golfen:v
retorica's	retorica:n
grijp	grijpen:v
greep	grijpen:v
grijpt	grijpen:v
grepen	grijpen:v|greep:n
grijpend	grijpen:v
gegrepen	grijpen:v
fluit	fluiten:v
floot	fluiten:v
fluitend	fluiten:v
gefloten	fluiten:v
fluiten	fluit:n
zwerf	zwerven:v
zwierf	zwerven:v
zwerft	zwerven:v
zwierven	zwerven:v
zwervend	zwerven:v
gezworven	zwerven:v
maina's	maina:n
mainaatje	maina:n
liturgieën	liturgie:n
liturgietje	liturgie:n
schuif	schuiven:v
schoof	schuiven:v
schuift	schuiven:v
schoven	schuiven:v|schoof:n
schuivend	schuiven:v
geschoven	schuiven:v
schuiven	schuif:n
knijp	knijpen:v
kneep	knijpen:v
knijpt	knijpen:v
knepen	knijpen:v
knijpend	knijpen:v
geknepen	knijpen:v
scontros	scontro:n
scontrootje	scontro:n
hef	heffen:v
hief	heffen:v
hieven	heffen:v
heffend	heffen:v
geheven	heffen:v
melodieën	melodie:n
melodietje	melodie:n
apokoinous	apokoinou:n
bedienden	bediende:n|bedienen:v
bediendes	bediende:n
bediendetje	bediende:n
bediende	bedienen:v
werktuigen	werktuig:n
werktuigje	werktuig:n
samengestelde	samengesteld:a
toestellen	toestel:n
toestelletje	toestel:n
bestellingen	bestelling:n
bestellinkje	bestelling:n
thuisbezorg	thuisbezorgen:v
thuisbezorgde	thuisbezorgen:v
thuisbezorgt	thuisbezorgen:v
thuisbezorgden	thuisbezorgen:v
thuisbezorgend	thuisbezorgen:v
thuisbezorgd	thuisbezorgen:v
kostbaarder	kostbaar:a
kostbaarst	kostbaar:a
kostbare	kostbaar:a
kostbaardere	kostbaar:a
kostbaarste	kostbaar:a
bamboes	bamboe:n
bamboetje	bamboe:n
bloei	bloeien:v
bloeide	bloeien:v
bloeit	bloeien:v
bloeiden	bloeien:v
bloeiend	bloeien:v
gebloeid	bloeien:v
bloeien	bloeden:v|bloei:n|bloed:n
bedien	bedienen:v
bedient	bedienen:v
bedienend	bedienen:v
bediend	bedienen:v
toedien	toedienen:v
toediende	toedienen:v
toedient	toedienen:v
toedienden	toedienen:v
toedienend	toedienen:v
toegediend	toedienen:v
klerken	klerk:n
klerkje	klerk:n
verwijs	verwijzen:v
verwees	verwijzen:v|verwezen:v
verwijst	verwijzen:v
verwezen	verwijzen:v
verwijzend	verwijzen:v
afbeeld	afbeelden:v
afbeeldde	afbeelden:v
afbeeldt	afbeelden:v
afbeeldden	afbeelden:v
afbeeldend	afbeelden:v
afgebeeld	afbeelden:v
indelingen	indeling:n
indelinkje	indeling:n
indeel	indelen:v
indeelde	indelen:v
indeelt	indelen:v
indeelden	indelen:v
indelend	indelen:v
ingedeeld	indelen:v
beefde	beven:v
beeft	beven:v
beefden	beven:v
bevend	beven:v
gebeefd	beven:v
bevingen	beving:n|bevangen:v
bevinkje	beving:n
beving	bevangen:v
beoordeel	beoordelen:v
beoordeelde	beoordelen:v
beoordeelt	beoordelen:v
beoordeelden	beoordelen:v
beoordelend	beoordelen:v
beoordeeld	beoordelen:v
inslagen	inslag:n
inslagje	inslag:n
sterkten	sterkte:n|sterken:v
sterktes	sterkte:n
sterkte	sterken:v
versterk	versterken:v
versterkte	versterken:v
versterkt	versterken:v
versterkten	versterken:v
versterkend	versterken:v
sterkt	sterken:v
sterkend	sterken:v
gesterkt	sterken:v
ondieper	ondiep:a
ondiepst	ondiep:a
ondiepe	ondiep:a
ondiepere	ondiep:a
ondiepste	ondiep:a
naamloze	naamloos:a
vennootschappen	vennootschap:n
vennootschapje	vennootschap:n
vennoten	vennoot:n
vennootje	vennoot:n
schelpen	schelp:n
schelpje	schelp:n
zeeschelpen	zeeschelp:n
zeeschelpje	zeeschelp:n
eetbaarder	eetbaar:a
eetbaarst	eetbaar:a
eetbare	eetbaar:a
eetbaardere	eetbaar:a
eetbaarste	eetbaar:a
hartschelpen	hartschelp:n
hartschelpje	hartschelp:n
kokkels	kokkel:n
kokkeltje	kokkel:n
schelpdieren	schelpdier:n
schelpdiertje	schelpdier:n
Finser	Fins:a
Finst	Fins:a
Finse	Fins:a
Finsere	Fins:a
Finste	Fins:a
Zweedser	Zweeds:a
Zweedst	Zweeds:a
Zweedse	Zweeds:a
Zweedsere	Zweeds:a
Zweedste	Zweeds:a
Françaises	Française:n
Griekser	Grieks:a
Griekst	Grieks:a
Griekse	Grieks:a
Grieksere	Grieks:a
Griekste	Grieks:a
Hongaarser	Hongaars:a
Hongaarst	Hongaars:a
Hongaarse	Hongaars:a
Hongaarsere	Hongaars:a
Hongaarste	Hongaars:a
Ierser	Iers:a
Ierst	Iers:a
Ierse	Iers:a
Iersere	Iers:a
Ierste	Iers:a
Deense	Deens:a
Tsjechischer	Tsjechisch:a
Tsjechischt	Tsjechisch:a
Tsjechische	Tsjechisch:a
Tsjechischere	Tsjechisch:a
Tsjechischte	Tsjechisch:a
Bulgaarser	Bulgaars:a
Bulgaarst	Bulgaars:a
Bulgaarse	Bulgaars:a
Bulgaarsere	Bulgaars:a
Bulgaarste	Bulgaars:a
Letser	Lets:a
Letst	Lets:a
Letse	Lets:a
Letsere	Lets:a
Letste	Lets:a
Litouwser	Litouws:a
Litouwst	Litouws:a
Litouwse	Litouws:a
Litouwsere	Litouws:a
Litouwste	Litouws:a
Malteser	Maltees:a
Malteest	Maltees:a
Maltese	Maltees:a
Maltesere	Maltees:a
Malteeste	Maltees:a
Maltezen	Maltees:n
Portugeser	Portugees:a
Portugeest	Portugees:a
Portugesere	Portugees:a
Portugeeste	Portugees:a
Portugezen	Portugees:n
Roemeenser	Roemeens:a
Roemeenst	Roemeens:a
Roemeense	Roemeens:a
Roemeensere	Roemeens:a
Roemeenste	Roemeens:a
Romeinser	Romeins:a
Romeinst	Romeins:a
Romeinse	Romeins:a
Romeinsere	Romeins:a
Romeinste	Romeins:a
Romaanser	Romaans:a
Romaanst	Romaans:a
Romaanse	Romaans:a
Romaansere	Romaans:a
Romaanste	Romaans:a
Slowaakser	Slowaaks:a
Slowaakst	Slowaaks:a
Slowaakse	Slowaaks:a
Slowaaksere	Slowaaks:a
Slowaakste	Slowaaks:a
Sloveenser	Sloveens:a
Sloveenst	Sloveens:a
Sloveense	Sloveens:a
Sloveensere	Sloveens:a
Sloveenste	Sloveens:a
westerser	westers:a
westerst	westers:a
westerse	westers:a
westersere	westers:a
westerste	westers:a
doodser	doods:a
doodsere	doods:a
doods	dood:n
spinners	spinner:n
Britser	Brits:a
Britst	Brits:a
Britse	Brits:a
Britsere	Brits:a
Britste	Brits:a
kolossen	kolos:n
kolosje	kolos:n
diepten	diepte:n|diepen:v
dieptes	diepte:n
volkser	volks:a
volkst	volks:a
volkse	volks:a
volksere	volks:a
volkste	volks:a
volks	volk:n
suffetes	suffeet:n
dixie	dixi:n
enquêtes	enquête:n
enquêtetje	enquête:n
varanen	varaan:n
varaantje	varaan:n
luchtvaartmaatschappijen	luchtvaartmaatschappij:n
luchtvaartmaatschappijtje	luchtvaartmaatschappij:n
Russen	Rus:n
Rusje	Rus:n
statistici	statisticus:n
ingrijp	ingrijpen:v
ingreep	ingrijpen:v
ingrijpt	ingrijpen:v
ingrepen	ingrijpen:v|ingreep:n
ingrijpend	ingrijpen:v
ingegrepen	ingrijpen:v
joeten	joet:n
joetje	joet:n
koener	koen:a
koenst	koen:a
koene	koen:a
koenere	koen:a
koenste	koen:a
koeten	koet:n
kootje	koot:n
chauvinistischer	chauvinistisch:a
chauvinistischt	chauvinistisch:a
chauvinistische	chauvinistisch:a
chauvinistischere	chauvinistisch:a
chauvinistischte	chauvinistisch:a
noens	noen:n
noenen	noen:n
noentje	noen:n
pipo's	pipo:n
pipootje	pipo:n
assistente	assistent:n
persistere	persisteren:v
mene	menen:v
reet	rijten:v
dwing	dwingen:v
dwong	dwingen:v
dwingt	dwingen:v
dwongen	dwingen:v
dwingend	dwingen:v
gedwongen	dwingen:v
dringender	dringend:a
dringendst	dringend:a
dringende	dringend:a
dringendere	dringend:a
dringendste	dringend:a
muitten	muiten:v
tinte	tinten:v
marginale	marginaal:a
liberale	liberaal:a
zweer	zweren:v
zwoer	zweren:v
zweert	zweren:v
zwoeren	zweren:v
zwerend	zweren:v
gezworen	zweren:v
zwoor	zweren:v
zworen	zweren:v
zweerde	zweren:v
zweerden	zweren:v
gezweerd	zweren:v
zweren	zweer:n
krimp	krimpen:v
kromp	krimpen:v
krimpt	krimpen:v
krompen	krimpen:v|kromp:n
krimpend	krimpen:v
gekrompen	krimpen:v
cartografieën	cartografie:n
snede	snee:n|snijden:v
graafje	graaf:n
grafen	graaf:n
graver	graaf:a
graafst	graaf:a
spieën	spie:n
spietje	spie:n
zend	zenden:v
zond	zenden:v
zendt	zenden:v
zonden	zenden:v|zond:n|zonde:n
zendend	zenden:v
gezonden	zenden:v
scheld	schelden:v
schold	schelden:v
scheldt	schelden:v
scholden	schelden:v
scheldend	schelden:v
gescholden	schelden:v
schelden	schellen:v
galerieën	galerie:n
galeries	galerie:n
galerietje	galerie:n
religies	religie:n
religietje	religie:n
vermijd	vermijden:v
vermeed	vermijden:v
vermijdt	vermijden:v
vermeden	vermijden:v
vermijdend	vermijden:v
spijt	spijten:v
speet	spijten:v
spijtend	spijten:v
gespeten	spijten:v
schuilt	schuilen:v
schuilend	schuilen:v
gescholen	schuilen:v
snuif	snuiven:v
snuift	snuiven:v
snoven	snuiven:v
snuivend	snuiven:v
gesnoven	snuiven:v
sproei	sproeien:v
sproeide	sproeien:v
sproeit	sproeien:v
sproeiden	sproeien:v
sproeiend	sproeien:v
gesproeid	sproeien:v
glimt	glimmen:v
glommen	glimmen:v
glimmend	glimmen:v
geglommen	glimmen:v
klink	klinken:v
klonk	klinken:v
klinkt	klinken:v
klinkend	klinken:v
geklonken	klinken:v
klinken	klink:n
schrik	schrikken:v
schrok	schrikken:v|schrokken:v
schrikt	schrikken:v
schrokken	schrikken:v
schrikkend	schrikken:v
geschrokken	schrikken:v
schrikken	schrik:n
mopper	mopperen:v
mopperde	mopperen:v
moppert	mopperen:v
mopperden	mopperen:v
mopperend	mopperen:v
gemopperd	mopperen:v
agnostische	agnostisch:a
tantra's	tantra:n
hees	hijsen:v
hijst	hijsen:v
hesen	hijsen:v
hijsend	hijsen:v
gehesen	hijsen:v
bederf	bederven:v
bedierf	bederven:v
bederft	bederven:v
bedierven	bederven:v
bedervend	bederven:v
bedorven	bederven:v
lacunes	lacune:n
lacunetje	lacune:n
maliën	malie:n
malies	malie:n
malietje	malie:n
dosissen	dosis:n
dosisje	dosis:n
topologieën	topologie:n
psychologieën	psychologie:n
psychologietje	psychologie:n
sinten	sint:n
sintje	sint:n
comprimere	comprimeren:v
beschikbaarder	beschikbaar:a
beschikbaarst	beschikbaar:a
beschikbare	beschikbaar:a
beschikbaardere	beschikbaar:a
beschikbaarste	beschikbaar:a
vollediger	volledig:a
volledigst	volledig:a
volledige	volledig:a
volledigere	volledig:a
volledigste	volledig:a
druppels	druppel:n
druppeltje	druppel:n
druppel	druppelen:v
reformatoren	reformator:n
reformators	reformator:n
reformatortje	reformator:n
klankbekkens	klankbekken:n
klankbekkentje	klankbekken:n
loofde	loven:v
looft	loven:v
loofden	loven:v
lovend	loven:v
loven	loof:n
zeemijlen	zeemijl:n
zeemijltje	zeemijl:n
mijlen	mijl:n
mijltje	mijl:n
blijvende	blijvend:a
vastmaak	vastmaken:v
vastmaakte	vastmaken:v
vastmaakt	vastmaken:v
vastmaakten	vastmaken:v
vastmakend	vastmaken:v
vastgemaakt	vastmaken:v
vergemakkelijk	vergemakkelijken:v
vergemakkelijkte	vergemakkelijken:v
vergemakkelijkt	vergemakkelijken:v
vergemakkelijkten	vergemakkelijken:v
vergemakkelijkend	vergemakkelijken:v
steekje	steek:n
losmaak	losmaken:v
losmaakte	losmaken:v
losmaakt	losmaken:v
losmaakten	losmaken:v
losmakend	losmaken:v
losgemaakt	losmaken:v
sjor	sjorren:v
sjorde	sjorren:v
sjort	sjorren:v
sjorden	sjorren:v
sjorrend	sjorren:v
gesjord	sjorren:v
vrachten	vracht:n
vrachtje	vracht:n
oogde	ogen:v
oogt	ogen:v
oogden	ogen:v
ogend	ogen:v
geoogd	ogen:v
klimsporten	klimsport:n
verbindingen	verbinding:n
verbindinkje	verbinding:n
zalen	zaal:n
zaaltje	zaal:n
zaal	zadel:n
verbind	verbinden:v
verbond	verbinden:v
verbindt	verbinden:v
verbonden	verbinden:v|verbond:n
verbindend	verbinden:v
letterlijker	letterlijk:a
letterlijkst	letterlijk:a
letterlijke	letterlijk:a
letterlijkere	letterlijk:a
letterlijkste	letterlijk:a
levensbelangen	levensbelang:n
brei	breien:v
breide	breien:v
breiden	breien:v
breiend	breien:v
gebreid	breien:v
naai	naaien:v
naaide	naaien:v
naait	naaien:v
naaiden	naaien:v
naaiend	naaien:v
genaaid	naaien:v
ambachten	ambacht:n
ambachtje	ambacht:n
gestikt	stikken:v
stikte	stikken:v
stikt	stikken:v
stikten	stikken:v
stikkend	stikken:v
duwen	duw:n
duwtje	duw:n
stoten	stoot:n
stootje	stoot:n
sterf	sterven:v
stierf	sterven:v
sterft	sterven:v
stierven	sterven:v
stervend	sterven:v
gestorven	sterven:v
sluip	sluipen:v
sluipt	sluipen:v
sluipend	sluipen:v
geslopen	sluipen:v
schoolpleinen	schoolplein:n
schoolpleintje	schoolplein:n
toermalijnen	toermalijn:n
toermalijntje	toermalijn:n
kleuters	kleuter:n
kleutertje	kleuter:n
spetter	spetteren:v
spetterde	spetteren:v
spettert	spetteren:v
spetterden	spetteren:v
spetterend	spetteren:v
gespetterd	spetteren:v
jaste	jassen:v
jast	jassen:v
jasten	jassen:v
jassend	jassen:v
gejast	jassen:v
neerslagen	neerslag:n
neerslagje	neerslag:n
spui	spuien:v
schappen	schap:n
schapje	schap:n
scheidingen	scheiding:n
scheidinkje	scheiding:n
scheidingslijnen	scheidingslijn:n
scheidingslijntje	scheidingslijn:n
lijn	waslijn:n|telefoonlijn:n|lijnen:v
lijnen	lijn:n
lijntje	lijn:n
strepen	streep:n
streepje	streep:n
kooplieden	koopman:n
kooplui	koopman:n
koopmannen	koopman:n
koopmannetje	koopman:n
begrens	begrenzen:v
begrensde	begrenzen:v|begrensd:a
begrenst	begrenzen:v
begrensden	begrenzen:v
begrenzend	begrenzen:v
begrensd	begrenzen:v
begrensder	begrensd:a
begrensdst	begrensd:a
begrensdere	begrensd:a
begrensdste	begrensd:a
gymtassen	gymtas:n
gymtasje	gymtas:n
athenea	atheneum:n
atheneums	atheneum:n
voorzet	voorzetten:v
voorzette	voorzetten:v
voorzettend	voorzetten:v
voorgezet	voorzetten:v
voortzet	voortzetten:v
voortzette	voortzetten:v
voortzettend	voortzetten:v
voortgezet	voortzetten:v
voortgezette	voortgezet:a
knoppen	knop:n
knopje	knop:n
rietjes	rietje:n
weeksluitingen	weeksluiting:n
bovenbouwen	bovenbouw:n
bovenbouwtje	bovenbouw:n
onderbouwen	onderbouw:n
onderbouwtje	onderbouw:n
onderbouw	onderbouwen:v
middenbouwen	middenbouw:n
ondervind	ondervinden:v
ondervond	ondervinden:v
ondervindt	ondervinden:v
ondervonden	ondervinden:v
ondervindend	ondervinden:v
opvat	opvatten:v
opvatte	opvatten:v
opvattend	opvatten:v
opgevat	opvatten:v
keetje	keet:n
hulpmiddelen	hulpmiddel:n
hulpmiddeltje	hulpmiddel:n
hulpen	hulp:n
hulpje	hulp:n
kopieer	kopiëren:v
kopieerde	kopiëren:v
kopieert	kopiëren:v
kopieerden	kopiëren:v
kopiërend	kopiëren:v
gekopieerd	kopiëren:v
doorgeef	doorgeven:v
doorgaf	doorgeven:v
doorgeeft	doorgeven:v
doorgaven	doorgeven:v
doorgevend	doorgeven:v
doorgegeven	doorgeven:v
betekenissen	betekenis:n
betekenisje	betekenis:n
relateer	relateren:v
relateerde	relateren:v
relateert	relateren:v
relateerden	relateren:v
relaterend	relateren:v
gerelateerd	relateren:v
gerelateerde	gerelateerd:a
luchthavens	luchthaven:n
luchthaventje	luchthaven:n
vervoer	vervoeren:v|vervaren:v
vervoerde	vervoeren:v
vervoert	vervoeren:v
vervoerden	vervoeren:v
vervoerend	vervoeren:v
vervoerd	vervoeren:v
passagiers	passagier:n
passagiertje	passagier:n
thuisbasissen	thuisbasis:n
thuisbases	thuisbasis:n
thuisbasisje	thuisbasis:n
vermeld	vermelden:v
vermeldde	vermelden:v
vermeldt	vermelden:v
vermeldden	vermelden:v
vermeldend	vermelden:v
zeeniveaus	zeeniveau:n
zeeniveautje	zeeniveau:n
eigendommen	eigendom:n
eigendommetje	eigendom:n
rijkdommen	rijkdom:n
rijkdommetje	rijkdom:n
aandelen	aandeel:n
aandeeltje	aandeel:n
krekels	krekel:n
krekeltje	krekel:n
aandeelhouders	aandeelhouder:n
aandeelhoudertje	aandeelhouder:n
beheer	beheren:v
beheerde	beheren:v
beheert	beheren:v
beheerden	beheren:v
beherend	beheren:v
beheerd	beheren:v
beheren	beheer:n
plichten	plicht:n
plichtje	plicht:n
grammaticale	grammaticaal:a
comités	comité:n
comiteetje	comité:n
etiketten	etiket:n
etiketje	etiket:n
oogappels	oogappel:n
oogappeltje	oogappel:n
oogleden	ooglid:n
ooglidje	ooglid:n
korsten	korst:n
korstje	korst:n
raapje	raap:n
morde	morren:v
fietste	fietsen:v
fietst	fietsen:v
fietsten	fietsen:v
fietsend	fietsen:v
gefietst	fietsen:v
lansen	lans:n
lansje	lans:n
vloeken	vloek:n
vloekje	vloek:n
vloek	vloeken:v
drollen	drol:n
drolletje	drol:n
schorsje	schors:n
vezels	vezel:n
vezeltje	vezel:n
souterrains	souterrain:n
souterraintje	souterrain:n
laarzen	laars:n
laarsje	laars:n
laars	laarzen:v
patisserieën	patisserie:n
patisseries	patisserie:n
patisserietje	patisserie:n
stoephoeren	stoephoer:n
stoephoertje	stoephoer:n
duimen	duim:n
duimpje	duim:n
duim	duimen:v
lattend	latten:v
gelat	latten:v
souters	souter:n
soutertje	souter:n
habitussen	habitus:n
versla	verslaan:v
versloeg	verslaan:v
verslaat	verslaan:v
versloegen	verslaan:v
verslaand	verslaan:v
postulanten	postulant:n
belachelijker	belachelijk:a
belachelijkst	belachelijk:a
belachelijke	belachelijk:a
belachelijkere	belachelijk:a
belachelijkste	belachelijk:a
overmantels	overmantel:n
overmanteltje	overmantel:n
interferonnen	interferon:n
kritischer	kritisch:a
kritischt	kritisch:a
kritische	kritisch:a
kritischere	kritisch:a
kritischte	kritisch:a
leeren	leren:v
makrelen	makreel:n
makreeltje	makreel:n
portalen	portaal:n
klokte	klokken:v
klokt	klokken:v
klokten	klokken:v
klokkend	klokken:v
geklokt	klokken:v
gauwdieven	gauwdief:n
gokkers	gokker:n
kolonels	kolonel:n
kolonelletje	kolonel:n
spijkers	spijker:n
staaf	staven:v
staafde	staven:v
staaft	staven:v
staafden	staven:v
stavend	staven:v
gestaafd	staven:v
staven	staaf:n|staf:n
uitvindingen	uitvinding:n
uitzonderingen	uitzondering:n
afmeld	afmelden:v
afmeldde	afmelden:v
afmeldt	afmelden:v
afmeldden	afmelden:v
afmeldend	afmelden:v
afgemeld	afmelden:v
kakje	kak:n
kak	kakken:v
bewerkingen	bewerking:n
bewerkinkje	bewerking:n
bezorgingen	bezorging:n
bezorginkje	bezorging:n
spectaculairder	spectaculair:a
spectaculairst	spectaculair:a
spectaculaire	spectaculair:a
spectaculairdere	spectaculair:a
spectaculairste	spectaculair:a
armoediger	armoedig:a
armoedigst	armoedig:a
armoedige	armoedig:a
armoedigere	armoedig:a
armoedigste	armoedig:a
tentoonstellingen	tentoonstelling:n
tentoonstellinkje	tentoonstelling:n
gouverneurs	gouverneur:n
gouverneurtje	gouverneur:n
markiezen	markies:n
markiesje	markies:n
handleidingen	handleiding:n
handleidinkje	handleiding:n
garens	garen:n
garentje	garen:n
gaar	garen:v
gaarde	garen:v
gaart	garen:v
gaarden	garen:v|gaard:n|gaarde:n
garend	garen:v
gegaard	garen:v
tuinmannen	tuinman:n
tuinmannetje	tuinman:n
dodentallen	dodental:n
pseudoniemen	pseudoniem:n
pseudoniempje	pseudoniem:n
paradijzen	paradijs:n
paradijsje	paradijs:n
schandalen	schandaal:n
schandaaltje	schandaal:n
waarschuwingen	waarschuwing:n
waarschuwinkje	waarschuwing:n
recensenten	recensent:n
recensentje	recensent:n
misbruik	misbruiken:v
misverstanden	misverstand:n
misverstandje	misverstand:n
regenwouden	regenwoud:n
regenwoudje	regenwoud:n
minderheden	minderheid:n
minderheidje	minderheid:n
jagers	jager:n
jagertje	jager:n
beschrijvingen	beschrijving:n
beschrijvinkje	beschrijving:n
voorbereidingen	voorbereiding:n
voorbereidinkje	voorbereiding:n
marktaandelen	marktaandeel:n
marktaandeeltje	marktaandeel:n
wandelingen	wandeling:n
wandelingetje	wandeling:n
onbetaalbaarder	onbetaalbaar:a
onbetaalbaarst	onbetaalbaar:a
onbetaalbare	onbetaalbaar:a
onbetaalbaardere	onbetaalbaar:a
onbetaalbaarste	onbetaalbaar:a
stuitender	stuitend:a
stuitendst	stuitend:a
stuitende	stuitend:a
stuitendere	stuitend:a
stuitendste	stuitend:a
stuitend	stuiten:v
wanordelijker	wanordelijk:a
wanordelijkst	wanordelijk:a
wanordelijke	wanordelijk:a
wanordelijkere	wanordelijk:a
wanordelijkste	wanordelijk:a
opvarenden	opvarende:n
regenseizoenen	regenseizoen:n
onberispelijker	onberispelijk:a
onberispelijkst	onberispelijk:a
onberispelijke	onberispelijk:a
onberispelijkere	onberispelijk:a
onberispelijkste	onberispelijk:a
stelselmatiger	stelselmatig:a
stelselmatigst	stelselmatig:a
stelselmatige	stelselmatig:a
stelselmatigere	stelselmatig:a
stelselmatigste	stelselmatig:a
bekoorlijker	bekoorlijk:a
bekoorlijkst	bekoorlijk:a
bekoorlijke	bekoorlijk:a
bekoorlijkere	bekoorlijk:a
bekoorlijkste	bekoorlijk:a
gedrochten	gedrocht:n
gedrochtje	gedrocht:n
kostelijker	kostelijk:a
kostelijkst	kostelijk:a
kostelijke	kostelijk:a
kostelijkere	kostelijk:a
kostelijkste	kostelijk:a
berichtte	berichten:v
berichtten	berichten:v
berichtend	berichten:v
metallurgies	metallurgie:n
metallurgietje	metallurgie:n
dooiers	dooier:n
dooiertje	dooier:n
eigelen	eigeel:n
eigeeltje	eigeel:n
politischer	politisch:a
politischt	politisch:a
politische	politisch:a
politischere	politisch:a
vuurzeeën	vuurzee:n
vuurzeetje	vuurzee:n
betreurenswaardiger	betreurenswaardig:a
betreurenswaardigst	betreurenswaardig:a
betreurenswaardige	betreurenswaardig:a
betreurenswaardigere	betreurenswaardig:a
betreurenswaardigste	betreurenswaardig:a
noemenswaardiger	noemenswaardig:a
noemenswaardigst	noemenswaardig:a
noemenswaardige	noemenswaardig:a
noemenswaardigere	noemenswaardig:a
noemenswaardigste	noemenswaardig:a
historische	historisch:a
chaotischer	chaotisch:a
chaotischt	chaotisch:a
chaotische	chaotisch:a
chaotischere	chaotisch:a
chaotischte	chaotisch:a
ketters	ketter:n
kettertje	ketter:n
flitsen	flits:n
flitsje	flits:n
flits	flitsen:v
ecocides	ecocide:n
ecocidetje	ecocide:n
regiolecten	regiolect:n
regiolectje	regiolect:n
vlinders	vlinder:n
vlindertje	vlinder:n
vlinder	vlinderen:v
allergischer	allergisch:a
allergischt	allergisch:a
allergische	allergisch:a
allergischere	allergisch:a
allergischte	allergisch:a
fungere	fungeren:v
hostte	hosten:v
hostten	hosten:v
hostend	hosten:v
gehost	hosten:v|hossen:v
hosten	hossen:v
hoestje	hoest:n
hoest	hoesten:v
kuchje	kuch:n
stuif	stuiven:v
stoof	stuiven:v|stoven:v
stuift	stuiven:v
stoven	stuiven:v|stoof:n
stuivend	stuiven:v
gestoven	stuiven:v
zuip	zuipen:v
zoop	zuipen:v
zuipt	zuipen:v
zopen	zuipen:v
zuipend	zuipen:v
gezopen	zuipen:v
gril	grillen:v|grill:n
grilde	grillen:v
grilt	grillen:v
grilden	grillen:v
grillend	grillen:v
gegrild	grillen:v
grillen	gril:n
reageer	reageren:v
reageerde	reageren:v
reageert	reageren:v
reageerden	reageren:v
reagerend	reageren:v
gereageerd	reageren:v
wegstuur	wegsturen:v
wegstuurde	wegsturen:v
wegstuurt	wegsturen:v
wegstuurden	wegsturen:v
wegsturend	wegsturen:v
weggestuurd	wegsturen:v
onbekender	onbekend:a
onbekendst	onbekend:a
onbekende	onbekend:a
onbekendere	onbekend:a
onbekendste	onbekend:a
ontslagen	ontslag:n|ontslaan:v
ontslagje	ontslag:n
uithaal	uithalen:v
uithaalde	uithalen:v
uithaalt	uithalen:v
uithaalden	uithalen:v
uithalend	uithalen:v
uitgehaald	uithalen:v
vlooi	vlooien:v
vlooien	vlo:n
vlooitje	vlo:n
vlootje	vlo:n|vloot:n
coureurs	coureur:n
coureurtje	coureur:n
besef	beseffen:v
besefte	beseffen:v
beseft	beseffen:v
beseften	beseffen:v
beseffend	beseffen:v
beseffen	besef:n
besefje	besef:n
aanvoer	aanvoeren:v|aanvaren:v
aanvoerde	aanvoeren:v
aanvoert	aanvoeren:v
aanvoerden	aanvoeren:v
aanvoerend	aanvoeren:v
aangevoerd	aanvoeren:v
aanvoeren	aanvoer:n|aanvaren:v
aanvoerders	aanvoerder:n
aanvoerdertje	aanvoerder:n
trommelvliezen	trommelvlies:n
trommelvliesje	trommelvlies:n
gehoorgangen	gehoorgang:n
gehoorgangetje	gehoorgang:n
ontwerp	ontwerpen:v
ontwierp	ontwerpen:v
ontwerpt	ontwerpen:v
ontwierpen	ontwerpen:v
ontwerpend	ontwerpen:v
ontworpen	ontwerpen:v
ontwerpen	ontwerp:n
noodzakelijker	noodzakelijk:a
noodzakelijkst	noodzakelijk:a
noodzakelijke	noodzakelijk:a
noodzakelijkere	noodzakelijk:a
noodzakelijkste	noodzakelijk:a
bezitters	bezitter:n
bezittertje	bezitter:n
bewijs	bewijzen:v
bewees	bewijzen:v
bewijst	bewijzen:v
bewezen	bewijzen:v
bewijzend	bewijzen:v
bewijzen	bewijs:n
verplichtingen	verplichting:n
verplichtinkje	verplichting:n
drastische	drastisch:a
Kelten	Kelt:n
Keltje	Kelt:n
surfte	surfen:v
surft	surfen:v
surften	surfen:v
surfend	surfen:v
gesurft	surfen:v
surfde	surfen:v
surfden	surfen:v
gesurfd	surfen:v
controversen	controverse:n
controverses	controverse:n
controversetje	controverse:n
automatischer	automatisch:a
automatischt	automatisch:a
automatische	automatisch:a
automatischere	automatisch:a
automatischte	automatisch:a
lesse	lessen:v
munte	munten:v
sporte	sporten:v
vegetarische	vegetarisch:a
wone	wonen:v
illusies	illusie:n
illusietje	illusie:n
kunstwerken	kunstwerk:n
kunstwerkje	kunstwerk:n
kapiteins	kapitein:n
kapiteintje	kapitein:n
schurken	schurk:n
schurkje	schurk:n
beschuldigingen	beschuldiging:n
beschuldiginkje	beschuldiging:n
kanonnen	kanon:n
kanons	kanon:n
kanonnetje	kanon:n
ontsnappingen	ontsnapping:n
ontsnappinkje	ontsnapping:n
mv.	meervoud:n
lidw.	lidwoord:n
onz.	onzijdig:a
hetzelfde	dezelfde:t|dezelfde:r
betrekkelijker	betrekkelijk:a
betrekkelijkst	betrekkelijk:a
betrekkelijke	betrekkelijk:a
betrekkelijkere	betrekkelijk:a
betrekkelijkste	betrekkelijk:a
uitspreek	uitspreken:v
uitsprak	uitspreken:v
uitspreekt	uitspreken:v
uitsprekend	uitspreken:v
uitgesproken	uitspreken:v
interviewde	interviewen:v
interviewt	interviewen:v
interviewden	interviewen:v
interviewend	interviewen:v
geïnterviewd	interviewen:v
oordelen	oordeel:n
oordeeltje	oordeel:n
oordeel	oordelen:v
oudheden	oudheid:n
oudheidje	oudheid:n
tijdperken	tijdperk:n
tijdperkje	tijdperk:n
omheiningen	omheining:n
omheininkje	omheining:n
bronsje	brons:n
legeer	legeren:v
legeerde	legeren:v
legeert	legeren:v
legeerden	legeren:v
legerend	legeren:v
gelegeerd	legeren:v
legerde	legeren:v
legert	legeren:v
legerden	legeren:v
gelegerd	legeren:v
poedels	poedel:n
poedeltje	poedel:n
drinkebroers	drinkebroer:n
drinkebroertje	drinkebroer:n
alcoholici	alcoholicus:n
zeepaarden	zeepaard:n
zeepaardje	zeepaard:n
dekbedden	dekbed:n
dekbedje	dekbed:n
duisternissen	duisternis:n
afweziger	afwezig:a
afwezigst	afwezig:a
afwezige	afwezig:a
afwezigere	afwezig:a
afwezigste	afwezig:a
afwezigheden	afwezigheid:n
afwezigheidje	afwezigheid:n
aanwezige	aanwezig:a
aanwezigheden	aanwezigheid:n
aanwezigheidje	aanwezigheid:n
taalk.	taalkunde:n
agentia	agens:n
reagentia	reagens:n
reagensje	reagens:n
mengde	mengen:v
mengt	mengen:v
mengden	mengen:v
mengend	mengen:v
gemengd	mengen:v
afbaken	afbakenen:v
afbakende	afbakenen:v
afbakent	afbakenen:v
afbakenden	afbakenen:v
afbakenend	afbakenen:v
afgebakend	afbakenen:v
vaarwateren	vaarwater:n
vaarwaters	vaarwater:n
vaarwatertje	vaarwater:n
aanwijs	aanwijzen:v
aanwees	aanwijzen:v
aanwijst	aanwijzen:v
aanwezen	aanwijzen:v
aanwijzend	aanwijzen:v
aangewezen	aanwijzen:v
schilders	schilder:n
schildertje	schilder:n
harmonischer	harmonisch:a
harmonischt	harmonisch:a
harmonische	harmonisch:a
harmonischere	harmonisch:a
harmonischte	harmonisch:a
afbakeningen	afbakening:n
afbakeninkje	afbakening:n
collectes	collecte:n
collecten	collecte:n
opsluit	opsluiten:v
opsloot	opsluiten:v
opsloten	opsluiten:v
opsluitend	opsluiten:v
opgesloten	opsluiten:v
communismen	communisme:n
communismetje	communisme:n
omgeef	omgeven:v
omgaf	omgeven:v
omgeeft	omgeven:v
omgaven	omgeven:v
omgevend	omgeven:v
onscheidbaarder	onscheidbaar:a
onscheidbaarst	onscheidbaar:a
onscheidbare	onscheidbaar:a
onscheidbaardere	onscheidbaar:a
onscheidbaarste	onscheidbaar:a
insluit	insluiten:v
insloot	insluiten:v
insloten	insluiten:v
insluitend	insluiten:v
ingesloten	insluiten:v
omsluit	omsluiten:v
omsloot	omsluiten:v
omsloten	omsluiten:v
omsluitend	omsluiten:v
ontsluit	ontsluiten:v
ontsloot	ontsluiten:v
ontsloten	ontsluiten:v
ontsluitend	ontsluiten:v
pittoreske	pittoresk:a
vaartuigen	vaartuig:n
vaartuigje	vaartuig:n
tijdsduren	tijdsduur:n
herkomsten	herkomst:n
toegeef	toegeven:v
toegaf	toegeven:v
toegeeft	toegeven:v
toegaven	toegeven:v
toegevend	toegeven:v
toegegeven	toegeven:v
werkelijke	werkelijk:a
hyperbolen	hyperbool:n
munteenheden	munteenheid:n
munteenheidje	munteenheid:n
pleite	pleiten:v
storte	storten:v
imaginaire	imaginair:a
exotischer	exotisch:a
exotischt	exotisch:a
exotische	exotisch:a
exotischere	exotisch:a
exotischte	exotisch:a
volge	volgen:v
pralines	praline:n
pralinetje	praline:n
gelee	geleden:d
hoef	hoeven:v
hoefde	hoeven:v
hoeft	hoeven:v
hoefden	hoeven:v
hoevend	hoeven:v
gehoeven	hoeven:v
hoeven	hoef:n|hoeve:n
behoef	behoeven:v
behoefde	behoeven:v
behoeft	behoeven:v
behoefden	behoeven:v
behoevend	behoeven:v
behoefd	behoeven:v
behoeftes	behoefte:n
behoeften	behoefte:n
behoeftetje	behoefte:n
kroontjespennen	kroontjespen:n
kroontjespennetje	kroontjespen:n
wende	wennen:v|wenden:v
wennend	wennen:v
gewoonten	gewoonte:n
gewoontes	gewoonte:n
gewoontetje	gewoonte:n
gewoonterechten	gewoonterecht:n
leesbaarder	leesbaar:a
leesbaarst	leesbaar:a
leesbare	leesbaar:a
leesbaardere	leesbaar:a
leesbaarste	leesbaar:a
drukbaarder	drukbaar:a
drukbaarst	drukbaar:a
drukbare	drukbaar:a
drukbaardere	drukbaar:a
drukbaarste	drukbaar:a
beoefende	beoefenen:v
beoefent	beoefenen:v
beoefenden	beoefenen:v
beoefenend	beoefenen:v
beoefend	beoefenen:v
oefen	oefenen:v
oefende	oefenen:v
oefent	oefenen:v
oefenden	oefenen:v
oefenend	oefenen:v
geoefend	oefenen:v
vensterruiten	vensterruit:n
vensterruitje	vensterruit:n
modernismen	modernisme:n
onderwees	onderwijzen:v
onderwijst	onderwijzen:v
onderwezen	onderwijzen:v
onderwijzend	onderwijzen:v
erfenissen	erfenis:n
erfenisje	erfenis:n
culturele	cultureel:a
erfgoederen	erfgoed:n
bv.	bijvoorbeeld:d
betrekkingen	betrekking:n
betrekkinkje	betrekking:n
inleidingen	inleiding:n
inleidinkje	inleiding:n
peuters	peuter:n
peutertje	peuter:n
peuter	peuteren:v
pikol	pikollen:v
pikolde	pikollen:v
pikolt	pikollen:v
pikolden	pikollen:v
pikollend	pikollen:v
gepikold	pikollen:v
pikols	pikol:n
praktischer	praktisch:a
praktische	praktisch:a
praktischere	praktisch:a
praktischte	praktisch:a
journaliste	journalist:n
afte	aft:n
ganzeveren	ganzeveer:n
ganzeveertje	ganzeveer:n
veerde	veren:v
veert	veren:v
veerden	veren:v
verend	veren:v
geveerd	veren:v
pluimen	pluim:n
pluimpje	pluim:n
pluim	pluimen:v
bescheidener	bescheiden:a
bescheidenst	bescheiden:a
bescheidenste	bescheiden:a
bescheid	bescheiden:v
bescheidde	bescheiden:v
bescheidt	bescheiden:v
bescheidden	bescheiden:v
bescheidend	bescheiden:v
bescheiden	bescheid:n
schuilplaatsen	schuilplaats:n
schuilplaatsje	schuilplaats:n
beschrijf	beschrijven:v
beschreef	beschrijven:v
beschrijft	beschrijven:v
beschreven	beschrijven:v
beschrijvend	beschrijven:v
tijdjes	tijdje:n
databanken	databank:n
databankje	databank:n
kwallen	kwal:n
kwalletje	kwal:n
praters	prater:n
pratertje	prater:n
toenmalige	toenmalig:a
omverwerp	omverwerpen:v
omverwierp	omverwerpen:v
omverwerpt	omverwerpen:v
omverwierpen	omverwerpen:v
omverwerpend	omverwerpen:v
omvergeworpen	omverwerpen:v
gedoopte	gedoopt:a
achtersten	achterste:n
geweldiger	geweldig:a
geweldigst	geweldig:a
geweldige	geweldig:a
geweldigere	geweldig:a
geweldigste	geweldig:a
uitgevers	uitgever:n
uitgevertje	uitgever:n
uitgeverijen	uitgeverij:n
uitgeverijtje	uitgeverij:n
keel	kelen:v
keelde	kelen:v
keelt	kelen:v
keelden	kelen:v
kelend	kelen:v
gekeeld	kelen:v
verborgener	verborgen:a
verborgenst	verborgen:a
verborgenste	verborgen:a
verborgen	verbergen:v
verberg	verbergen:v
verborg	verbergen:v
verbergt	verbergen:v
verbergend	verbergen:v
gewaagder	gewaagd:a
gewaagdst	gewaagd:a
gewaagde	gewaagd:a|gewagen:v
gewaagdere	gewaagd:a
gewaagdste	gewaagd:a
isolementen	isolement:n
aanvragen	aanvraag:n
aanvraagje	aanvraag:n
fluite	fluiten:v
gravidae	gravida:n
gravida's	gravida:n
gravidaatje	gravida:n
bezoekers	bezoeker:n
bezoekertje	bezoeker:n
eens	een:t
beweer	beweren:v
beweerde	beweren:v
beweert	beweren:v
beweerden	beweren:v
bewerend	beweren:v
beweerd	beweren:v
betaalder	betaald:a
betaaldst	betaald:a
winsten	winst:n
winstje	winst:n
winstgevender	winstgevend:a
winstgevendst	winstgevend:a
winstgevende	winstgevend:a
winstgevendere	winstgevend:a
winstgevendste	winstgevend:a
inkom	inkomen:v
inkwam	inkomen:v
inkomt	inkomen:v
inkwamen	inkomen:v
inkomend	inkomen:v
ingekomen	inkomen:v
inkomens	inkomen:n
inkomentje	inkomen:n
voorzieningen	voorziening:n
voorzieninkje	voorziening:n
belofteploegen	belofteploeg:n
belofteploegje	belofteploeg:n
onverwachter	onverwacht:a
onverwachtst	onverwacht:a|onverwachts:a
onverwachte	onverwacht:a
onverwachtere	onverwacht:a
onverwachtste	onverwacht:a|onverwachts:a
onverwachtser	onverwachts:a
onverwachtse	onverwachts:a
onverwachtsere	onverwachts:a
inroep	inroepen:v
inriep	inroepen:v
inroept	inroepen:v
inriepen	inroepen:v
inroepend	inroepen:v
ingeroepen	inroepen:v
stromingen	stroming:n
strominkje	stroming:n
geval	gevallen:v
geviel	gevallen:v
gevalt	gevallen:v
gevielen	gevallen:v
gevallend	gevallen:v
psychotische	psychotisch:a
psychedelischer	psychedelisch:a
psychedelischt	psychedelisch:a
psychedelische	psychedelisch:a
psychedelischere	psychedelisch:a
psychedelischte	psychedelisch:a
ontstekingen	ontsteking:n
ontstekinkje	ontsteking:n
grondwetten	grondwet:n
grondwetje	grondwet:n
toegevoegde	toegevoegd:a
ontwerpje	ontwerp:n
malser	mals:a
malse	mals:a
malsere	mals:a
snikken	snik:n
snikje	snik:n
snik	snikken:v
stakingen	staking:n
stakinkje	staking:n
bodessen	bodes:n
vees	vijzen:v
pleit	pleiten:v
pleitte	pleiten:v
pleitten	pleiten:v
pleitend	pleiten:v
gepleit	pleiten:v
pleiten	pleit:n
opmerkelijker	opmerkelijk:a
opmerkelijkst	opmerkelijk:a
opmerkelijke	opmerkelijk:a
opmerkelijkere	opmerkelijk:a
opmerkelijkste	opmerkelijk:a
meldingen	melding:n
meldinkje	melding:n
scheel	schelen:v
scheelde	schelen:v
scheelt	schelen:v
scheelden	schelen:v
schelend	schelen:v
gescheeld	schelen:v
leks	lek:a
britsen	brits:n
bezorgder	bezorgd:a
bezorgdst	bezorgd:a
bezorgdere	bezorgd:a
bezorgdste	bezorgd:a
ruzies	ruzie:n
ruzietje	ruzie:n
ruzie	ruziën:v
overmaak	overmaken:v
overmaakte	overmaken:v
overmaakt	overmaken:v
overmaakten	overmaken:v
overmakend	overmaken:v
overgemaakt	overmaken:v
passender	passend:a
passendst	passend:a
overruled	overrulen:v
interessanter	interessant:a
interessantst	interessant:a
interessantere	interessant:a
interessantste	interessant:a
libelle	libel:n
mitoses	mitose:n
deuken	deuk:n
deukje	deuk:n
Elisabet	Elisabeth:m
ragers	rager:n
ragertje	rager:n
metatheses	metathese:n
steiler	steil:a
steilst	steil:a
steile	steil:a
steilere	steil:a
steilste	steil:a
flikkers	flikker:n
flikkertje	flikker:n
flikker	flikkeren:v
maneges	manege:n
manegetje	manege:n
schedels	schedel:n
schedeltje	schedel:n
futen	fuut:n
fuutje	fuut:n
kolibries	kolibrie:n
kolibrietje	kolibrie:n
sperwers	sperwer:n
sperwertje	sperwer:n
zwanen	zwaan:n
zwaantje	zwaan:n
struisvogels	struisvogel:n
struisvogeltje	struisvogel:n
pelikanen	pelikaan:n
pelikaantje	pelikaan:n
joodser	joods:a
joodst	joods:a
joodse	joods:a
joodsere	joods:a
joodste	joods:a
christelijker	christelijk:a
christelijkst	christelijk:a
christelijke	christelijk:a
christelijkere	christelijk:a
christelijkste	christelijk:a
afgoden	afgod:n
afgodje	afgod:n
openbaarde	openbaren:v
openbaart	openbaren:v
openbaarden	openbaren:v
openbarend	openbaren:v
geopenbaard	openbaren:v
lhb's	lhb:n
LHB	lhb:n
onvergelijkbaarder	onvergelijkbaar:a
onvergelijkbaarst	onvergelijkbaar:a
onvergelijkbare	onvergelijkbaar:a
onvergelijkbaardere	onvergelijkbaar:a
onvergelijkbaarste	onvergelijkbaar:a
tegenstanders	tegenstander:n
tegenstandertje	tegenstander:n
opwindingen	opwinding:n
opwindinkje	opwinding:n
vrijzinniger	vrijzinnig:a
vrijzinnigst	vrijzinnig:a
vrijzinnige	vrijzinnig:a
vrijzinnigere	vrijzinnig:a
vrijzinnigste	vrijzinnig:a
calvinistischer	calvinistisch:a
calvinistischt	calvinistisch:a
calvinistische	calvinistisch:a
calvinistischere	calvinistisch:a
calvinistischte	calvinistisch:a
juich	juichen:v
juichte	juichen:v
juicht	juichen:v
juichten	juichen:v
juichend	juichen:v
gejuicht	juichen:v
ondersteun	ondersteunen:v
ondersteunde	ondersteunen:v
ondersteunt	ondersteunen:v
ondersteunden	ondersteunen:v
ondersteunend	ondersteunen:v
ondersteund	ondersteunen:v
beantwoord	beantwoorden:v
beantwoordde	beantwoorden:v
beantwoordt	beantwoorden:v
beantwoordden	beantwoorden:v
beantwoordend	beantwoorden:v
empirischer	empirisch:a
empirischt	empirisch:a
empirische	empirisch:a
empirischere	empirisch:a
empirischte	empirisch:a
karateka's	karateka:n
bevries	bevriezen:v
bevroor	bevriezen:v
bevriest	bevriezen:v
bevroren	bevriezen:v
bevriezend	bevriezen:v
medicamenten	medicament:n
ironischer	ironisch:a
ironischt	ironisch:a
ironische	ironisch:a
ironischere	ironisch:a
ironischte	ironisch:a
zuiver	zuiveren:v
zuiverde	zuiveren:v
zuivert	zuiveren:v
zuiverden	zuiveren:v
zuiverend	zuiveren:v
gezuiverd	zuiveren:v
zuiveringen	zuivering:n
zuiveringetje	zuivering:n
zuiverinkje	zuivering:n
menselijker	menselijk:a
menselijkst	menselijk:a
menselijke	menselijk:a
menselijkere	menselijk:a
menselijkste	menselijk:a
menselijkheden	menselijkheid:n
stondje	stond:n
verwoest	verwoesten:v
verwoestte	verwoesten:v
verwoestten	verwoesten:v
verwoestend	verwoesten:v
zuivelproducten	zuivelproduct:n
zuivelproductje	zuivelproduct:n
gemaakter	gemaakt:a
gemaaktst	gemaakt:a
gemaakte	gemaakt:a
gemaaktere	gemaakt:a
gemaaktste	gemaakt:a
wereldwijder	wereldwijd:a
wereldwijdst	wereldwijd:a
wereldwijde	wereldwijd:a
wereldwijdere	wereldwijd:a
wereldwijdste	wereldwijd:a
wijder	wijd:a
wijdst	wijd:a
wijde	wijd:a|wijden:v
wijdere	wijd:a
wijdste	wijd:a
wijd	wijden:v
atje	adje:n
strale	stralen:v
spot	spotten:v
spotte	spotten:v
spottend	spotten:v
gespot	spotten:v
federale	federaal:a
demagogischer	demagogisch:a
demagogischt	demagogisch:a
demagogische	demagogisch:a
demagogischere	demagogisch:a
demagogischte	demagogisch:a
opricht	oprichten:v
oprichtte	oprichten:v
oprichtten	oprichten:v
oprichtend	oprichten:v
opgericht	oprichten:v
geleerdheden	geleerdheid:n
geleerder	geleerd:a
geleerdst	geleerd:a
geleerde	geleerd:a
geleerdere	geleerd:a
geleerdste	geleerd:a
gewesten	gewest:n
gewestje	gewest:n
hanteer	hanteren:v
hanteerde	hanteren:v
hanteert	hanteren:v
hanteerden	hanteren:v
hanterend	hanteren:v
gehanteerd	hanteren:v
terugga	teruggaan:v
terugging	teruggaan:v
teruggaat	teruggaan:v
teruggingen	teruggaan:v
teruggaand	teruggaan:v
teruggegaan	teruggaan:v
voortbreng	voortbrengen:v
voortbracht	voortbrengen:v
voortbrengt	voortbrengen:v
voortbrachten	voortbrengen:v
voortbrengend	voortbrengen:v
voortgebracht	voortbrengen:v
ruimtevaarders	ruimtevaarder:n
ruimtevaardertje	ruimtevaarder:n
vaarders	vaarder:n
vaardertje	vaarder:n
ruimtevaartuigen	ruimtevaartuig:n
ruimtevaartuigje	ruimtevaartuig:n
wortels	wortel:n
wortelen	wortel:n
worteltje	wortel:n
wortel	wortelen:v
moeiten	moeite:n
moeizamer	moeizaam:a
moeizaamst	moeizaam:a
moeizame	moeizaam:a
moeizamere	moeizaam:a
moeizaamste	moeizaam:a
belegeringen	belegering:n
belegerinkje	belegering:n
belegeringetje	belegering:n
beleger	belegeren:v
belegerde	belegeren:v
belegert	belegeren:v
belegerden	belegeren:v
belegerend	belegeren:v
belegerd	belegeren:v
perikelen	perikel:n
superfamilies	superfamilie:n
einden	eind:n
eindje	eind:n
gemiddeld	middelen:v
gemiddelder	gemiddeld:a
gemiddeldst	gemiddeld:a
gemiddelde	gemiddeld:a
gemiddeldere	gemiddeld:a
gemiddeldste	gemiddeld:a
lichtpunten	lichtpunt:n
lichtpuntje	lichtpunt:n
bestrijders	bestrijder:n
bestrijdertje	bestrijder:n
vertegenwoordigers	vertegenwoordiger:n
vertegenwoordigertje	vertegenwoordiger:n
wijsgerige	wijsgerig:a
begeerten	begeerte:n
begeertes	begeerte:n
begeertetje	begeerte:n
begeer	begeren:v
begeerde	begeren:v|begeerd:v
begeert	begeren:v
begeerden	begeren:v
begerend	begeren:v
begeerd	begeren:v
beoefenaars	beoefenaar:n
beoefenaren	beoefenaar:n
beoefenaartje	beoefenaar:n
sultanes	sultane:n
riskanter	riskant:a
riskantst	riskant:a
riskante	riskant:a
riskantere	riskant:a
riskantste	riskant:a
doelstellingen	doelstelling:n
doelstellinkje	doelstelling:n
prestaties	prestatie:n
prestatietje	prestatie:n
terugwin	terugwinnen:v
terugwon	terugwinnen:v
terugwint	terugwinnen:v
terugwonnen	terugwinnen:v
terugwinnend	terugwinnen:v
teruggewonnen	terugwinnen:v
toepas	toepassen:v
toepaste	toepassen:v
toepast	toepassen:v
toepasten	toepassen:v
toepassend	toepassen:v
toegepast	toepassen:v
stalle	stallen:v
garibaldi's	garibaldi:n
garibaldietje	garibaldi:n
seismische	seismisch:a
verdergaand	vergaand:a|verregaand:a|verdergaan:v
levensduren	levensduur:n
levensduurtje	levensduur:n
overgangen	overgang:n
overgangetje	overgang:n
vergaander	vergaand:a
verstgaand	vergaand:a|verregaand:a
vergaandst	vergaand:a
vergaande	vergaand:a
verdergaande	vergaand:a|verregaand:a
verstgaande	vergaand:a|verregaand:a
vergaandere	vergaand:a
vergaandste	vergaand:a
vergaand	vergaan:v
ontmoetingen	ontmoeting:n
ontmoetinkje	ontmoeting:n
maatstaven	maatstaf:n
maatstaafje	maatstaf:n
maatstafje	maatstaf:n
wezenlijker	wezenlijk:a
wezenlijkst	wezenlijk:a
wezenlijke	wezenlijk:a
wezenlijkere	wezenlijk:a
wezenlijkste	wezenlijk:a
vertaalsters	vertaalster:n
vertaalstertje	vertaalster:n
sherpa's	sherpa:n
grafischer	grafisch:a
grafischt	grafisch:a
grafische	grafisch:a
grafischere	grafisch:a
grafischte	grafisch:a
populisten	populist:n
populistje	populist:n
gangbaarder	gangbaar:a
gangbaarst	gangbaar:a
gangbare	gangbaar:a
gangbaardere	gangbaar:a
gangbaarste	gangbaar:a
bijdragen	bijdrage:n
bijdrages	bijdrage:n
bijdragetje	bijdrage:n
leefbaarder	leefbaar:a
leefbaarst	leefbaar:a
leefbare	leefbaar:a
leefbaardere	leefbaar:a
leefbaarste	leefbaar:a
leidraden	leidraad:n
leidraadje	leidraad:n
behoorlijker	behoorlijk:a
behoorlijkst	behoorlijk:a
behoorlijke	behoorlijk:a
behoorlijkere	behoorlijk:a
behoorlijkste	behoorlijk:a
initiatiefnemers	initiatiefnemer:n
initiatiefnemertje	initiatiefnemer:n
tegenstrijdiger	tegenstrijdig:a
tegenstrijdigst	tegenstrijdig:a
tegenstrijdige	tegenstrijdig:a
tegenstrijdigere	tegenstrijdig:a
tegenstrijdigste	tegenstrijdig:a
bijstel	bijstellen:v
bijstelde	bijstellen:v
bijstelt	bijstellen:v
bijstelden	bijstellen:v
bijstellend	bijstellen:v
bijgesteld	bijstellen:v
glasvezels	glasvezel:n
glasvezeltje	glasvezel:n
epen	epos:n
epossen	epos:n
eposje	epos:n
idolatrieën	idolatrie:n
behou	behouden:v
behoud	behouden:v
behield	behouden:v
behoudt	behouden:v
behielden	behouden:v
behoudend	behouden:v
audiocassettes	audiocassette:n
audiocassetten	audiocassette:n
liturgische	liturgisch:a
hordelopen	hordeloop:n
hordeloopje	hordeloop:n
technischer	technisch:a
technischt	technisch:a
technische	technisch:a
technischere	technisch:a
technischte	technisch:a
mummietje	mummie:n
messiassen	messias:n
messiasje	messias:n
erotischer	erotisch:a
erotischt	erotisch:a
erotische	erotisch:a
erotischere	erotisch:a
erotischte	erotisch:a
hoeren	hoer:n
hoertje	hoer:n
werkelijkheden	werkelijkheid:n
werkelijkheidje	werkelijkheid:n
waterstoffen	waterstof:n
waterstofje	waterstof:n
brandbaarder	brandbaar:a
brandbaarst	brandbaar:a
brandbare	brandbaar:a
brandbaardere	brandbaar:a
brandbaarste	brandbaar:a
indrukwekkender	indrukwekkend:a
indrukwekkendst	indrukwekkend:a
indrukwekkende	indrukwekkend:a
indrukwekkendere	indrukwekkend:a
indrukwekkendste	indrukwekkend:a
begrafenissen	begrafenis:n
begrafenisje	begrafenis:n
schoonvaders	schoonvader:n
schoonvadertje	schoonvader:n
weiger	weigeren:v
weigerde	weigeren:v
weigert	weigeren:v
weigerden	weigeren:v
weigerend	weigeren:v
geweigerd	weigeren:v
verdragen	verdrag:n
verdragje	verdrag:n
gestichten	gesticht:n
gestichtje	gesticht:n
eedje	eed:n
hoofdzakelijke	hoofdzakelijk:a
gravinnen	gravin:n
gravinnetje	gravin:n
bezet	bezetten:v
bezette	bezetten:v
bezettend	bezetten:v
bezettingen	bezetting:n
bezettinkje	bezetting:n
haalbaarder	haalbaar:a
haalbaarst	haalbaar:a
haalbare	haalbaar:a
haalbaardere	haalbaar:a
haalbaarste	haalbaar:a
achterhaal	achterhalen:v
achterhaalde	achterhalen:v|achterhaald:a
achterhaalt	achterhalen:v
achterhaalden	achterhalen:v
achterhalend	achterhalen:v
achterhaald	achterhalen:v
achterhaalder	achterhaald:a
achterhaaldst	achterhaald:a
achterhaaldere	achterhaald:a
achterhaaldste	achterhaald:a
moralische	moralisch:a
ritte	ritten:v
werkzaamheden	werkzaamheid:n
werkzaamheidje	werkzaamheid:n
ontcijfer	ontcijferen:v
ontcijferde	ontcijferen:v
ontcijfert	ontcijferen:v
ontcijferden	ontcijferen:v
ontcijferend	ontcijferen:v
ontcijferd	ontcijferen:v
cijferde	cijferen:v
cijfert	cijferen:v
cijferden	cijferen:v
cijferend	cijferen:v
gecijferd	cijferen:v
lukte	lukken:v
lukt	lukken:v
lukten	lukken:v
lukkend	lukken:v
gelukt	lukken:v|gelukken:v
betuigingen	betuiging:n
betuig	betuigen:v
betuigde	betuigen:v
betuigt	betuigen:v
betuigden	betuigen:v
betuigend	betuigen:v
betuigd	betuigen:v
bezichtig	bezichtigen:v
bezichtigde	bezichtigen:v
bezichtigt	bezichtigen:v
bezichtigden	bezichtigen:v
bezichtigend	bezichtigen:v
bezichtigd	bezichtigen:v
radiogolven	radiogolf:n
radiogolfje	radiogolf:n
dragers	drager:n
dragertje	drager:n
afleveringen	aflevering:n
afleverinkje	aflevering:n
onderbreng	onderbrengen:v
onderbracht	onderbrengen:v
onderbrengt	onderbrengen:v
onderbrachten	onderbrengen:v
onderbrengend	onderbrengen:v
ondergebracht	onderbrengen:v
botanici	botanicus:n
uitreik	uitreiken:v
uitreikte	uitreiken:v
uitreikt	uitreiken:v
uitreikten	uitreiken:v
uitreikend	uitreiken:v
uitgereikt	uitreiken:v
doctoraten	doctoraat:n
doctoraatje	doctoraat:n
eredoctoraten	eredoctoraat:n
eredoctoraatje	eredoctoraat:n
jaarlijkse	jaarlijks:a
zegels	zegel:n
zegeltje	zegel:n
zegel	zegelen:v
zittende	zittend:a
studeer	studeren:v
studeerde	studeren:v
studeert	studeren:v
studeerden	studeren:v
studerend	studeren:v
gestudeerd	studeren:v
verdeel	verdelen:v
verdeelde	verdelen:v
verdeelt	verdelen:v
verdeelden	verdelen:v
verdelend	verdelen:v
verdeeld	verdelen:v
klinkers	klinker:n
klinkertje	klinker:n
medeklinkers	medeklinker:n
medeklinkertje	medeklinker:n
geleerden	geleerde:n
kanunniken	kanunnik:n
kanunnikje	kanunnik:n
hup	huppen:v
hypothetischer	hypothetisch:a
hypothetischt	hypothetisch:a
hypothetische	hypothetisch:a
hypothetischere	hypothetisch:a
hypothetischte	hypothetisch:a
tipte	tippen:v
tipt	tippen:v
tipten	tippen:v
tippend	tippen:v
getipt	tippen:v
levende	levend:a
verwar	verwarren:v
verwarde	verwarren:v|verward:a
verwart	verwarren:v
verwarden	verwarren:v
verwarrend	verwarren:v
verward	verwarren:v
verwarrender	verwarrend:a
verwarrendst	verwarrend:a
verwarrende	verwarrend:a
verwarrendere	verwarrend:a
verwarrendste	verwarrend:a
vakgebieden	vakgebied:n
vakgebiedje	vakgebied:n
schalen	schaal:n
schaaltje	schaal:n
geleidingen	geleiding:n
geleidinkje	geleiding:n
ovale	ovaal:a
kajaks	kajak:n
kajakken	kajak:n
kajakje	kajak:n
ick	ik:r
snobistischer	snobistisch:a
snobistischt	snobistisch:a
snobistische	snobistisch:a
snobistischere	snobistisch:a
snobistischte	snobistisch:a
duvel	duivel:n
ondeugender	ondeugend:a
ondeugendst	ondeugend:a
ondeugende	ondeugend:a
ondeugendere	ondeugend:a
ondeugendste	ondeugend:a
Fransmannen	Fransman:n
Fransmannetje	Fransman:n
spleten	spleet:n|splijten:v
spleetje	spleet:n
spleet	splijten:v
chauffages	chauffage:n
topografieën	topografie:n
topografietje	topografie:n
tropischer	tropisch:a
tropische	tropisch:a
tropischere	tropisch:a
subtropische	subtropisch:a
gatlikkers	gatlikker:n
gatlikkertje	gatlikker:n
bastonnades	bastonnade:n
bastonnadetje	bastonnade:n
omloopbanen	omloopbaan:n
omloopbaantje	omloopbaan:n
internisten	internist:n
reuma's	reuma:n
reumaatje	reuma:n
slabben	slab:n
slabbetje	slab:n
spiernaakte	spiernaakt:a
knoeten	knoet:n
knoetje	knoet:n
knoet	knot:n
fundere	funderen:v
vage	vaag:a|vagen:v
adenovirussen	adenovirus:n
bullepees	bullenpees:n
bullen	bul:n
bulletje	bul:n
tenues	tenue:n
tenuetje	tenue:n
hondsvotten	hondsvot:n
hondsvotje	hondsvot:n
kosmische	kosmisch:a
chemische	chemisch:a
konnen	kunnen:v
linnens	linnen:n
linnentje	linnen:n
Indonesiërs	Indonesiër:n
Indonesiërtje	Indonesiër:n
apathischer	apathisch:a
apathischt	apathisch:a
apathische	apathisch:a
apathischere	apathisch:a
apathischte	apathisch:a
beslissingen	beslissing:n
beslissinkje	beslissing:n
bisdommen	bisdom:n
bisdommetje	bisdom:n
halleluja's	halleluja:n
hallelujaatje	halleluja:n
Indo-Europeanen	Indo-Europeaan:n
Indo-Europeaantje	Indo-Europeaan:n
vastte	vasten:v
vastten	vasten:v
vastend	vasten:v
gevast	vasten:v
shigelloses	shigellose:n
veilingen	veiling:n
veilinkje	veiling:n
vanen	vaan:n
vaantje	vaan:n
ideologische	ideologisch:a
procedés	procedé:n
procedeetje	procedé:n
inbrekers	inbreker:n
inbrekertje	inbreker:n
hopelozer	hopeloos:a
hopeloost	hopeloos:a
hopeloze	hopeloos:a
hopelozere	hopeloos:a
hopelooste	hopeloos:a
epyllion	epyllium:n
epyllia	epyllium:n
demonstraties	demonstratie:n
demonstratietje	demonstratie:n
aardappelveldje	aardappelveld:n
romantischer	romantisch:a
romantischt	romantisch:a
romantische	romantisch:a
romantischere	romantisch:a
romantischte	romantisch:a
kosmologische	kosmologisch:a
roodgloeiender	roodgloeiend:a
roodgloeiendst	roodgloeiend:a
roodgloeiende	roodgloeiend:a
roodgloeiendere	roodgloeiend:a
roodgloeiendste	roodgloeiend:a
holden	hollen:v
comptoir	kantoor:n
miljoenennota's	miljoenennota:n
miljoenennotaatje	miljoenennota:n
neerbuigender	neerbuigend:a
neerbuigendst	neerbuigend:a
neerbuigende	neerbuigend:a
neerbuigendere	neerbuigend:a
neerbuigendste	neerbuigend:a
neerbuigend	neerbuigen:v
oldtimers	oldtimer:n
oldtimertje	oldtimer:n
spurt	spurten:v
spurtte	spurten:v
spurtten	spurten:v
spurtend	spurten:v
gespurt	spurten:v
mallerds	mallerd:n
mallerdje	mallerd:n
geiler	geil:a
geilst	geil:a
geile	geil:a
geilere	geil:a
geilste	geil:a
snuitje	snuit:n
vulkanen	vulkaan:n
vulkaantje	vulkaan:n
mogool	mongool:n
incasso's	incasso:n
incassootje	incasso:n
sandalen	sandaal:n
sandaaltje	sandaal:n
pathologieën	pathologie:n
axioma's	axioma:n
axiomaatje	axioma:n
psychonauten	psychonaut:n
psychonautje	psychonaut:n
Prinsjesdagen	Prinsjesdag:n
Prinsjesdagje	Prinsjesdag:n
overbodiger	overbodig:a
overbodigst	overbodig:a
overbodige	overbodig:a
overbodigere	overbodig:a
overbodigste	overbodig:a
onnodiger	onnodig:a
onnodigst	onnodig:a
onnodige	onnodig:a
onnodigere	onnodig:a
onnodigste	onnodig:a
korvetten	korvet:n
korvetje	korvet:n
lemmeten	lemmet:n
lemmetje	lemmet:n
mongolen	mongool:n
mongooltje	mongool:n
calèches	calèche:n
geschillen	geschil:n
geschilletje	geschil:n
puinen	puin:n
puintje	puin:n
arons	aron:n
aroniem	aron:n
genetische	genetisch:a
speelvogels	speelvogel:n
speelvogeltje	speelvogel:n
puien	pui:n
puitje	pui:n|puit:n
stijlfouten	stijlfout:n
stijlfoutje	stijlfout:n
konen	koon:n
koontje	koon:n
kleurrijker	kleurrijk:a
kleurrijkst	kleurrijk:a
kleurrijke	kleurrijk:a
kleurrijkere	kleurrijk:a
kleurrijkste	kleurrijk:a
topologische	topologisch:a
persoonlijker	persoonlijk:a
persoonlijkst	persoonlijk:a
persoonlijke	persoonlijk:a
persoonlijkere	persoonlijk:a
persoonlijkste	persoonlijk:a
omstredener	omstreden:a
omstredenst	omstreden:a
omstredenste	omstreden:a
afscheid	afscheiden:v
afscheidde	afscheiden:v
afscheidt	afscheiden:v
afscheidden	afscheiden:v
afscheidend	afscheiden:v
afgescheiden	afscheiden:v
smalender	smalend:a
smalendst	smalend:a
smalende	smalend:a
smalendere	smalend:a
smalendste	smalend:a
overblijf	overblijven:v
overbleef	overblijven:v
overblijft	overblijven:v
overbleven	overblijven:v
overblijvend	overblijven:v
overgebleven	overblijven:v
toevertrouw	toevertrouwen:v
toevertrouwde	toevertrouwen:v
toevertrouwt	toevertrouwen:v
toevertrouwden	toevertrouwen:v
toevertrouwend	toevertrouwen:v
toevertrouwd	toevertrouwen:v
beschuldig	beschuldigen:v
beschuldigde	beschuldigen:v
beschuldigt	beschuldigen:v
beschuldigden	beschuldigen:v
beschuldigend	beschuldigen:v
beschuldigd	beschuldigen:v
bet.	betekenis:n
blikken	blik:n
blikje	blik:n
blik	blikken:v
betr.	betrekking:n
evt.	eventueel:d
inz.	inzonderheid:d
verraad	verraden:v
verried	verraden:v
verraadt	verraden:v
verrieden	verraden:v
verradend	verraden:v
verraadde	verraden:v
verraadden	verraden:v
samenstellingen	samenstelling:n
samenstellinkje	samenstelling:n
ws.	waarschijnlijk:d
brussen	brus:n
brusje	brus:n
krakken	krak:n
aarzen	aars:n
aarsje	aars:n
differentieer	differentiëren:v
differentieerde	differentiëren:v
differentieert	differentiëren:v
differentieerden	differentiëren:v
differentiërend	differentiëren:v
gedifferentieerd	differentiëren:v
discrimineer	discrimineren:v
discrimineerde	discrimineren:v
discrimineert	discrimineren:v
discrimineerden	discrimineren:v
discriminerend	discrimineren:v
gediscrimineerd	discrimineren:v
parkieten	parkiet:n
parkietje	parkiet:n
beweringen	bewering:n
bewerinkje	bewering:n
gedingen	geding:n
gedingetje	geding:n
weilanden	weiland:n
weilandje	weiland:n
stropen	stroop:n
stroopje	stroop:n
kleveriger	kleverig:a
kleverigst	kleverig:a
kleverige	kleverig:a
kleverigere	kleverig:a
kleverigste	kleverig:a
herdenk	herdenken:v
herdacht	herdenken:v
herdenkt	herdenken:v
herdachten	herdenken:v
herdenkend	herdenken:v
monopolies	monopolie:n
langduriger	langdurig:a
langdurigst	langdurig:a
langdurige	langdurig:a
langdurigere	langdurig:a
langdurigste	langdurig:a
opzichten	opzicht:n
opzichtje	opzicht:n
feitelijker	feitelijk:a
feitelijkst	feitelijk:a
feitelijke	feitelijk:a
feitelijkere	feitelijk:a
feitelijkste	feitelijk:a
pathologische	pathologisch:a
trager	traag:a
traagst	traag:a
trage	traag:a
tragere	traag:a
traagste	traag:a
vertragingen	vertraging:n
vertraginkje	vertraging:n
toep.	toepassing:n
steviger	stevig:a
stevigst	stevig:a
stevige	stevig:a
stevigere	stevig:a
stevigste	stevig:a
regele	regelen:v
pierde	pieren:v
vergezochter	vergezocht:a
vergezochtst	vergezocht:a
vergezochte	vergezocht:a
vergezochtere	vergezocht:a
vergezochtste	vergezocht:a
badkamers	badkamer:n
badkamertje	badkamer:n
schandknapen	schandknaap:n
schandknaapje	schandknaap:n
verging	vergaan:v
rille	rillen:v
doorgedraaider	doorgedraaid:a
doorgedraaidst	doorgedraaid:a
doorgedraaide	doorgedraaid:a
doorgedraaidere	doorgedraaid:a
doorgedraaidste	doorgedraaid:a
flipte	flippen:v
flipt	flippen:v
flipten	flippen:v
flippend	flippen:v
geflipt	flippen:v
geflipter	geflipt:a
gefliptst	geflipt:a
geflipte	geflipt:a
gefliptere	geflipt:a
gefliptste	geflipt:a
verklein	verkleinen:v
verkleinde	verkleinen:v
verkleint	verkleinen:v
verkleinden	verkleinen:v
verkleinend	verkleinen:v
verkleind	verkleinen:v
verkleinvormen	verkleinvorm:n
verkleinvormpje	verkleinvorm:n
verkleiningen	verkleining:n
verkleininkje	verkleining:n
acetontje	aceton:n
kleineer	kleineren:v
kleineerde	kleineren:v
kleineert	kleineren:v
kleineerden	kleineren:v
kleinerend	kleineren:v
gekleineerd	kleineren:v
neerbuig	neerbuigen:v
neerboog	neerbuigen:v
neerbuigt	neerbuigen:v
neerbogen	neerbuigen:v
neergebogen	neerbuigen:v
lastte	lasten:v
lastten	lasten:v
lastend	lasten:v
mineurs	mineur:n
mineure	mineur:a
hersenstammen	hersenstam:n
hersenstammetje	hersenstam:n
automobilisten	automobilist:n
automobilistje	automobilist:n
afrikanisten	afrikanist:n
akers	aker:n
akertje	aker:n
bolwassingen	bolwassing:n
bolwassinkje	bolwassing:n
ballast	ballasten:v
ballastte	ballasten:v
ballastten	ballasten:v
ballastend	ballasten:v
geballast	ballasten:v
fluitje	fluit:n
altisten	altist:n
altistje	altist:n
slijmen	slijm:n
slijmpje	slijm:n
verwerp	verwerpen:v
verwierp	verwerpen:v
verwerpt	verwerpen:v
verwierpen	verwerpen:v
verwerpend	verwerpen:v
verworpen	verwerpen:v
oordeelde	oordelen:v
oordeelt	oordelen:v
oordeelden	oordelen:v
oordelend	oordelen:v
geoordeeld	oordelen:v
veroordeel	veroordelen:v
veroordeelde	veroordelen:v|veroordeeld:a
veroordeelt	veroordelen:v
veroordeelden	veroordelen:v|veroordeelde:n
veroordelend	veroordelen:v
veroordeeld	veroordelen:v
uitte	uiten:v
zangers	zanger:n
zangertje	zanger:n
zangeressen	zangeres:n
zangeresje	zangeres:n
et	etten:v
ette	etten:v
ettend	etten:v
geët	etten:v
revisionisten	revisionist:n
revisionistje	revisionist:n
stressiger	stressig:a
stressigst	stressig:a
stressige	stressig:a
stressigere	stressig:a
stressigste	stressig:a
ransels	ransel:n
ranseltje	ransel:n
kleedkamers	kleedkamer:n
kleedkamertje	kleedkamer:n
uitkleed	uitkleden:v
uitkleedde	uitkleden:v
uitkleedt	uitkleden:v
uitkleedden	uitkleden:v
uitkledend	uitkleden:v
uitgekleed	uitkleden:v
huilebalken	huilebalk:n
huilebalkje	huilebalk:n
huilebalk	huilebalken:v
getuigenissen	getuigenis:n
getuigenisje	getuigenis:n
getuig	getuigen:v
getuigde	getuigen:v
getuigt	getuigen:v
getuigden	getuigen:v
getuigend	getuigen:v
getuigen	getuige:n
feniksen	feniks:n
feniksje	feniks:n
oorvegen	oorveeg:n
oorveegje	oorveeg:n
oorveeg	oorvegen:v
knullen	knul:n
knulletje	knul:n
verantwoordelijker	verantwoordelijk:a
verantwoordelijkst	verantwoordelijk:a
verantwoordelijke	verantwoordelijk:a
verantwoordelijkere	verantwoordelijk:a
verantwoordelijkste	verantwoordelijk:a
zwembroeken	zwembroek:n
zwembroekje	zwembroek:n
spruiten	spruit:n
spruitje	spruit:n
spruit	spruiten:v
naer	naar:p|naar:a
tronen	troon:n
troontje	troon:n
troon	tronen:v
vuiler	vuil:a
vuilst	vuil:a
vuile	vuil:a
vuilere	vuil:a
vuilste	vuil:a
vuiltje	vuil:n
muilperen	muilpeer:n
muilpeertje	muilpeer:n
muilpeer	muilperen:v
orgelde	orgelen:v
orgelt	orgelen:v
orgelden	orgelen:v
orgelend	orgelen:v
georgeld	orgelen:v
verlegener	verlegen:a
verlegenst	verlegen:a
verlegenste	verlegen:a
Nederlanders	Nederlander:n
Nederlandertje	Nederlander:n
gekkekoeienziekten	gekkekoeienziekte:n
gekkekoeienziektes	gekkekoeienziekte:n
dollekoeienziekten	dollekoeienziekte:n
dollekoeienziektes	dollekoeienziekte:n
manninnen	mannin:n
manninnetje	mannin:n
oplawaaien	oplawaai:n
oplawaaitje	oplawaai:n
schachten	schacht:n
schachtje	schacht:n
pikanter	pikant:a
pikantst	pikant:a
pikante	pikant:a
pikantere	pikant:a
pikantste	pikant:a
buttplugs	buttplug:n
buttplugje	buttplug:n
berillen	beril:n
mocro	Mocro:n|Mocro:a
elektronen	elektron:n
elektrontje	elektron:n
elektronnetje	elektron:n
brutale	brutaal:a
lijmen	lijm:n
lijm	lijmen:v
concentratiekampen	concentratiekamp:n
concentratiekampje	concentratiekamp:n
marmeladen	marmelade:n
marmelades	marmelade:n
façadismes	façadisme:n
façadismetje	façadisme:n
geniale	geniaal:a
tovenaars	tovenaar:n
tovenaren	tovenaar:n
tovenaartje	tovenaar:n
tovenaressen	tovenares:n
tovenaresje	tovenares:n
tuitte	tuiten:v
Vandalen	Vandaal:n
berkenroeden	berkenroede:n
berkenroedes	berkenroede:n
berkenroedetje	berkenroede:n
tuffen	tuf:n
tufje	tuf:n
herstelde	herstellen:v
herstelt	herstellen:v
herstelden	herstellen:v
herstellend	herstellen:v
hersteld	herstellen:v
ongeschikter	ongeschikt:a
ongeschiktst	ongeschikt:a
ongeschikte	ongeschikt:a
ongeschiktere	ongeschikt:a
ongeschiktste	ongeschikt:a
loopvogels	loopvogel:n
loopvogeltje	loopvogel:n
snavels	snavel:n
snaveltje	snavel:n
venijniger	venijnig:a
venijnigst	venijnig:a
venijnige	venijnig:a
venijnigere	venijnig:a
venijnigste	venijnig:a
afbijt	afbijten:v
afbeet	afbijten:v
afbeten	afbijten:v
afbijtend	afbijten:v
afgebeten	afbijten:v
hulpelozer	hulpeloos:a
hulpeloost	hulpeloos:a
hulpeloze	hulpeloos:a
hulpelozere	hulpeloos:a
hulpelooste	hulpeloos:a
prooidieren	prooidier:n
prooidiertje	prooidier:n
roofde	roven:v
rooft	roven:v
roofden	roven:v
rovend	roven:v
geroofd	roven:v
roofdieren	roofdier:n
roofdiertje	roofdier:n
afgezonderder	afgezonderd:a
afgezonderdst	afgezonderd:a
afgezonderde	afgezonderd:a
afgezonderdere	afgezonderd:a
afgezonderdste	afgezonderd:a
kluizenaars	kluizenaar:n
kluizenaren	kluizenaar:n
kluizenaartje	kluizenaar:n
monniken	monnik:n
monnikje	monnik:n
vestigde	vestigen:v
schuilnamen	schuilnaam:n
schuilnaampje	schuilnaam:n
koolwaterstoffen	koolwaterstof:n
koolwaterstofje	koolwaterstof:n
aardolies	aardolie:n
uitvindinkje	uitvinding:n
apachen	apache:n
apaches	apache:n
balde	ballen:v
verhapstuk	verhapstukken:v
verhapstukte	verhapstukken:v
verhapstukt	verhapstukken:v
verhapstukten	verhapstukken:v
verhapstukkend	verhapstukken:v
hoenders	hoen:n|hoender:n
hoenderen	hoen:n
hoenen	hoen:n
hoentje	hoen:n
strategieën	strategie:n
strategietje	strategie:n
atomisten	atomist:n
omschrijf	omschrijven:v
omschreef	omschrijven:v
omschrijft	omschrijven:v
omschreven	omschrijven:v
omschrijvend	omschrijven:v
omgeschreven	omschrijven:v
definieer	definiëren:v
definieerde	definiëren:v
definieert	definiëren:v
definieerden	definiëren:v
definiërend	definiëren:v
gedefinieerd	definiëren:v
afleg	afleggen:v
aflegde	afleggen:v
aflegt	afleggen:v
aflegden	afleggen:v
afleggend	afleggen:v
afgelegd	afleggen:v
evenaars	evenaar:n
nauwkeuriger	nauwkeurig:a
nauwkeurigst	nauwkeurig:a
nauwkeurige	nauwkeurig:a
nauwkeurigere	nauwkeurig:a
nauwkeurigste	nauwkeurig:a
keuren	keur:n
keurtje	keur:n
keur	keuren:v
welpen	welp:n
welpje	welp:n
getuigetje	getuige:n
getuige	getuigen:v
doopje	doop:n
uitvoer	uitvoeren:v
uitvoerde	uitvoeren:v
uitvoert	uitvoeren:v
uitvoerden	uitvoeren:v
uitvoerend	uitvoeren:v
uitgevoerd	uitvoeren:v
vastleg	vastleggen:v
vastlegde	vastleggen:v
vastlegt	vastleggen:v
vastlegden	vastleggen:v
vastleggend	vastleggen:v
vastgelegd	vastleggen:v
rekenfouten	rekenfout:n
rekenfoutje	rekenfout:n
afplat	afplatten:v
afplatte	afplatten:v
afplattend	afplatten:v
afgeplat	afplatten:v
afplattingen	afplatting:n
afplattinkje	afplatting:n
vervaardig	vervaardigen:v
vervaardigde	vervaardigen:v
vervaardigt	vervaardigen:v
vervaardigden	vervaardigen:v
vervaardigend	vervaardigen:v
vervaardigd	vervaardigen:v
zgn.	zogenaamd:a
zucht	zuchten:v
zuchtte	zuchten:v
zuchtten	zuchten:v
zuchtend	zuchten:v
gezucht	zuchten:v
zuchten	zucht:n
ribbenkasten	ribbenkast:n
ribbenkastje	ribbenkast:n
staarten	staart:n
staartje	staart:n
staart	staren:v
tuimelaars	tuimelaar:n
tuimelaartje	tuimelaar:n
gloei	gloeien:v
gloeide	gloeien:v
gloeit	gloeien:v
gloeiden	gloeien:v
gloeiend	gloeien:v
gegloeid	gloeien:v
gloeilampen	gloeilamp:n
gloeilampje	gloeilamp:n
verhittend	verhitten:v
produceer	produceren:v
produceerde	produceren:v
produceert	produceren:v
produceerden	produceren:v
producerend	produceren:v
geproduceerd	produceren:v
stroombronnen	stroombron:n
stroombronnetje	stroombron:n
bijgevolgen	bijgevolg:n
keuen	keu:n
keutje	keu:n
kleurde	kleuren:v
kleurt	kleuren:v
kleurden	kleuren:v
kleurend	kleuren:v
gekleurd	kleuren:v
gekleurde	gekleurd:a
15e	vijftiende:a
bijnamen	bijnaam:n
bijnaampje	bijnaam:n
zwaartepunten	zwaartepunt:n
zwaartepuntje	zwaartepunt:n
drijfveren	drijfveer:n
drijfveertje	drijfveer:n
fazanten	fazant:n
fazantje	fazant:n
lote	loten:v
plasticiteiten	plasticiteit:n
gevreesder	gevreesd:a
gevreesdst	gevreesd:a
gevreesde	gevreesd:a
gevreesdere	gevreesd:a
gevreesdste	gevreesd:a
verdiepingen	verdieping:n
verdiepinkje	verdieping:n
verdiep	verdiepen:v
verdiepte	verdiepen:v
verdiept	verdiepen:v
verdiepten	verdiepen:v
verdiepend	verdiepen:v
zwaargewonde	zwaargewond:a
ontruim	ontruimen:v
ontruimde	ontruimen:v
ontruimt	ontruimen:v
ontruimden	ontruimen:v
ontruimend	ontruimen:v
ontruimd	ontruimen:v
ingezette	ingezet:a
ontken	ontkennen:v
ontkende	ontkennen:v
ontkent	ontkennen:v
ontkenden	ontkennen:v
ontkennend	ontkennen:v
ontkend	ontkennen:v
windstoten	windstoot:n
windstootje	windstoot:n
klus	klussen:v
kluste	klussen:v
klust	klussen:v
klusten	klussen:v
klussend	klussen:v
geklust	klussen:v
klussen	klus:n
ontzielde	ontzield:a|ontzielen:v
verwond	verwonden:v|verwinden:v
verwondde	verwonden:v
verwondt	verwonden:v
verwondden	verwonden:v
verwondend	verwonden:v
verdachten	verdachte:n|verdenken:v|verdacht:n
verdachte	verdacht:a|verdenken:v
verdenk	verdenken:v
verdacht	verdenken:v
verdenkt	verdenken:v
verdenkend	verdenken:v
bedraag	bedragen:v
bedroeg	bedragen:v
bedraagt	bedragen:v
bedroegen	bedragen:v
bedragend	bedragen:v
bedragen	bedrag:n
grachtenpanden	grachtenpand:n
grachtenpandje	grachtenpand:n
waarborgen	waarborg:n
waarborg	waarborgen:v
19e	negentiende:a
stadhuizen	stadhuis:n
stadhuisje	stadhuis:n
4e	vierde:a
18e	achttiende:a
13e	dertiende:a
11e	elfde:a
14e	veertiende:a
20ste	twintigste:a
17e	zeventiende:a
billentikkers	billentikker:n
billentikkertje	billentikker:n
beffe	beffen:v
venters	venter:n
ventertje	venter:n
mortuariums	mortuarium:n
mortuaria	mortuarium:n
mortuariumpje	mortuarium:n
geuzen	geus:n
geusje	geus:n
geuske	geus:n
geuze	geus:a
catastrofen	catastrofe:n
catastrofes	catastrofe:n
catastrofetje	catastrofe:n
esoterischer	esoterisch:a
esoterische	esoterisch:a
esoterischere	esoterisch:a
intriganten	intrigant:n
intrigantje	intrigant:n
skeptisch	sceptisch:a
bassend	bassen:v
gebast	bassen:v
blagen	blaag:n
blaagje	blaag:n
deugnieten	deugniet:n
deugnietje	deugniet:n
wasbakken	wasbak:n
wasbakje	wasbak:n
moordenaars	moordenaar:n
moordenaartje	moordenaar:n
vermoord	vermoorden:v
vermoordde	vermoorden:v
vermoordt	vermoorden:v
vermoordden	vermoorden:v
vermoordend	vermoorden:v
moordenaressen	moordenares:n
moordenaresje	moordenares:n
kloon	klonen:v
kloonde	klonen:v
kloont	klonen:v
kloonden	klonen:v
klonend	klonen:v
gekloond	klonen:v
klonen	kloon:n
goededag	goedendag:i
fanatici	fanaticus:n
meerde	meren:v
meert	meren:v
meerden	meren:v
merend	meren:v
gemeerd	meren:v
kreten	kreet:n|krijten:v
signalementen	signalement:n
signalementje	signalement:n
zoekmotoren	zoekmotor:n
zoekmotortje	zoekmotor:n
zoekrobotten	zoekrobot:n
zoekrobots	zoekrobot:n
zoekrobotje	zoekrobot:n
manieën	manie:n
manies	manie:n
manietje	manie:n
koppelbazen	koppelbaas:n
koppelbaasje	koppelbaas:n
huisbazen	huisbaas:n
huisbaasje	huisbaas:n
huurders	huurder:n
huurdertje	huurder:n
katalysatoren	katalysator:n
katalysators	katalysator:n
beurzen	beurs:n
beursje	beurs:n
beurser	beurs:a
beurst	beurs:a
beurse	beurs:a
beursere	beurs:a
beurste	beurs:a
beurzensnijders	beurzensnijder:n
beurzensnijdertje	beurzensnijder:n
narcotica	narcoticum:n
klootzakken	klootzak:n
klootzakje	klootzak:n
kerkhoven	kerkhof:n
kerkhofje	kerkhof:n
begraafplaatsen	begraafplaats:n
begraafplaatsje	begraafplaats:n
begraaf	begraven:v
begroef	begraven:v
begraaft	begraven:v
begroeven	begraven:v
begravend	begraven:v
fundamentalistenparen	fundamentalistenpaar:n
fundamentalistenpaartje	fundamentalistenpaar:n
damespistooltjes	damespistooltje:n
gezondheidsschandalen	gezondheidsschandaal:n
gezondheidsschandaaltje	gezondheidsschandaal:n
kabalen	kabaal:n
kabaaltje	kabaal:n
pierrots	pierrot:n
pierrotje	pierrot:n
kletskousen	kletskous:n
kletskousje	kletskous:n
gepeperder	gepeperd:a
gepeperdst	gepeperd:a
gepeperde	gepeperd:a
gepeperdere	gepeperd:a
gepeperdste	gepeperd:a
tegenspraken	tegenspraak:n|tegenspreken:v
leveringen	levering:n
leveringetje	levering:n
leverinkje	levering:n
poverder	pover:a
poverst	pover:a
puiten	puit:n
vernederingen	vernedering:n
vernederingetje	vernedering:n
blaffers	blaffer:n
blaffertje	blaffer:n
blaf	blaffen:v
blafte	blaffen:v
blaft	blaffen:v
blaften	blaffen:v
blaffend	blaffen:v
geblaft	blaffen:v
blaffen	blaf:n
striem	striemen:v
striemde	striemen:v
striemt	striemen:v
striemden	striemen:v
striemend	striemen:v
gestriemd	striemen:v
paletten	palet:n
paletje	palet:n
overtuig	overtuigen:v
overtuigde	overtuigen:v
overtuigt	overtuigen:v
overtuigden	overtuigen:v
overtuigend	overtuigen:v
overtuigd	overtuigen:v
bengels	bengel:n
bengeltje	bengel:n
grootvizieren	grootvizier:n
grootviziertje	grootvizier:n
föhns	föhn:n
föhnen	föhn:n
föhntje	föhn:n
viooltje	viool:n
viooltjes	viooltje:n
deug	deugen:v
deugde	deugen:v
deugt	deugen:v
deugend	deugen:v
gedeugd	deugen:v
kometen	komeet:n
komeetje	komeet:n
luidt	luiden:v
sirenes	sirene:n
sirenetje	sirene:n
sirenen	sirene:n
rotzakken	rotzak:n
rotzakje	rotzak:n
parapluverkopers	parapluverkoper:n
parapluverkopertje	parapluverkoper:n
stoofde	stoven:v
stooft	stoven:v|stuiven:v
stoofden	stoven:v
stovend	stoven:v
gestoofd	stoven:v
vuurpelotons	vuurpeloton:n
vuurpelotonnetje	vuurpeloton:n
vuurde	vuren:v
vuurt	vuren:v
vuurden	vuren:v
vurend	vuren:v
gevuurd	vuren:v
bokkingen	bokking:n
bokkinkje	bokking:n
maatjes	maatje:n
bloembinders	bloembinder:n
bloembindertje	bloembinder:n
onvertaalbaarder	onvertaalbaar:a
onvertaalbaarst	onvertaalbaar:a
onvertaalbare	onvertaalbaar:a
onvertaalbaardere	onvertaalbaar:a
onvertaalbaarste	onvertaalbaar:a
vertaalbaarder	vertaalbaar:a
vertaalbaarst	vertaalbaar:a
vertaalbare	vertaalbaar:a
vertaalbaardere	vertaalbaar:a
vertaalbaarste	vertaalbaar:a
colbertje	colbert:n
kwaadaardigheden	kwaadaardigheid:n
kwaadaardigheidje	kwaadaardigheid:n
kwaadaardiger	kwaadaardig:a
kwaadaardigst	kwaadaardig:a
kwaadaardige	kwaadaardig:a
kwaadaardigere	kwaadaardig:a
kwaadaardigste	kwaadaardig:a
reusachtiger	reusachtig:a
reusachtigst	reusachtig:a
reusachtige	reusachtig:a
reusachtigere	reusachtig:a
reusachtigste	reusachtig:a
schoenpoetsers	schoenpoetser:n
schoenpoetsertje	schoenpoetser:n
dwangbuizen	dwangbuis:n
dwangbuisje	dwangbuis:n
dwingelanden	dwingeland:n
dwingelandje	dwingeland:n
valiezen	valies:n
valiesje	valies:n
huiskatten	huiskat:n
huiskatje	huiskat:n
reserveer	reserveren:v
reserveerde	reserveren:v
reserveert	reserveren:v
reserveerden	reserveren:v
reserverend	reserveren:v
gereserveerd	reserveren:v
reservere	reserveren:v
beboet	beboeten:v
beboette	beboeten:v
beboetten	beboeten:v
beboetend	beboeten:v
vlamde	vlammen:v
vlamt	vlammen:v
vlamden	vlammen:v
vlammend	vlammen:v
gevlamd	vlammen:v
bolhoeden	bolhoed:n
bolhoedje	bolhoed:n
noteer	noteren:v
noteerde	noteren:v
noteert	noteren:v
noteerden	noteren:v
noterend	noteren:v
genoteerd	noteren:v
notere	noteren:v
circulaires	circulaire:n
circulaire	circulair:a
philosopheren	filosoferen:v
metonymia's	metonymia:n
metonymiaatje	metonymia:n
bloos	blozen:v
bloosde	blozen:v
bloost	blozen:v
bloosden	blozen:v
blozend	blozen:v
gebloosd	blozen:v
Kartveli's	Kartveli:n
Kartvelietje	Kartveli:n
flauwekulletje	flauwekul:n
marcheer	marcheren:v
marcheerde	marcheren:v
marcheert	marcheren:v
marcheerden	marcheren:v
marcherend	marcheren:v
gemarcheerd	marcheren:v
grensmarken	grensmark:n
grensmarkje	grensmark:n
etmalen	etmaal:n
etmaaltje	etmaal:n
lexicografieën	lexicografie:n
notuleer	notuleren:v
notuleerde	notuleren:v
notuleert	notuleren:v
notuleerden	notuleren:v
notulerend	notuleren:v
genotuleerd	notuleren:v
minusculer	minuscuul:a
minuscuulst	minuscuul:a
minuscule	minuscuul:a
minusculere	minuscuul:a
minuscuulste	minuscuul:a
onbeduidender	onbeduidend:a
onbeduidendst	onbeduidend:a
onbeduidende	onbeduidend:a
onbeduidendere	onbeduidend:a
onbeduidendste	onbeduidend:a
nietiger	nietig:a
nietigst	nietig:a
nietige	nietig:a
nietigere	nietig:a
nietigste	nietig:a
bazinnen	bazin:n
bazinnetje	bazin:n
leidsters	leidster:n
leidstertje	leidster:n
leidsterren	leidster:n
leidsterretje	leidster:n
roepje	roep:n
kalles	kalle:n
kallen	kalle:n
kalletje	kalle:n
kalle	kallen:v
telramen	telraam:n
telraampje	telraam:n
catalogi	catalogus:n
catalogussen	catalogus:n
catalogusje	catalogus:n
oenen	oen:n
oentje	oen:n
ontvoeringen	ontvoering:n
ontvoerinkje	ontvoering:n
abducties	abductie:n
abductietje	abductie:n
merkwaardiger	merkwaardig:a
merkwaardigst	merkwaardig:a
merkwaardige	merkwaardig:a
merkwaardigere	merkwaardig:a
merkwaardigste	merkwaardig:a
onpare	onpaar:a
uitzonderlijker	uitzonderlijk:a
uitzonderlijkst	uitzonderlijk:a
uitzonderlijke	uitzonderlijk:a
uitzonderlijkere	uitzonderlijk:a
uitzonderlijkste	uitzonderlijk:a
zeldzame	zeldzaam:a
overblijvender	overblijvend:a
overblijvendst	overblijvend:a
resterende	resterend:a
resterend	resteren:v
onregelmatiger	onregelmatig:a
onregelmatigst	onregelmatig:a
onregelmatige	onregelmatig:a
onregelmatigere	onregelmatig:a
onregelmatigste	onregelmatig:a
handhaaf	handhaven:v
handhaafde	handhaven:v
handhaaft	handhaven:v
handhaafden	handhaven:v
handhavend	handhaven:v
gehandhaafd	handhaven:v
najaren	najaar:n
najaartje	najaar:n
opnoem	opnoemen:v
opnoemde	opnoemen:v
opnoemt	opnoemen:v
opnoemden	opnoemen:v
opnoemend	opnoemen:v
opgenoemd	opnoemen:v
aanstel	aanstellen:v
aanstelde	aanstellen:v
aanstelt	aanstellen:v
aanstelden	aanstellen:v
aanstellend	aanstellen:v
aangesteld	aanstellen:v
ontspring	ontspringen:v
ontsprong	ontspringen:v
ontspringt	ontspringen:v
ontsprongen	ontspringen:v
ontspringend	ontspringen:v
ontspruit	ontspruiten:v
ontsproot	ontspruiten:v
ontsproten	ontspruiten:v
ontspruitend	ontspruiten:v
voorjaren	voorjaar:n
appelsienenbomen	appelsienenboom:n
appelsienenboompje	appelsienenboom:n
conservenblikken	conservenblik:n
conservenblikje	conservenblik:n
inblik	inblikken:v
inblikte	inblikken:v
inblikt	inblikken:v
inblikten	inblikken:v
inblikkend	inblikken:v
ingeblikt	inblikken:v
conserveer	conserveren:v
conserveerde	conserveren:v
conserveert	conserveren:v
conserveerden	conserveren:v
conserverend	conserveren:v
geconserveerd	conserveren:v
afvoer	afvoeren:v|afvaren:v
afvoerde	afvoeren:v
afvoert	afvoeren:v
afvoerden	afvoeren:v
afvoerend	afvoeren:v
afgevoerd	afvoeren:v
afvoeren	afvoer:n|afvaren:v
eendollarbiljetten	eendollarbiljet:n
secondanten	secondant:n
secondantje	secondant:n
ondersteuners	ondersteuner:n
ondersteunertje	ondersteuner:n
herkansingen	herkansing:n
herkansinkje	herkansing:n
herkansingetje	herkansing:n
bijval	bijvallen:v
bijviel	bijvallen:v
bijvalt	bijvallen:v
bijvielen	bijvallen:v
bijvallend	bijvallen:v
bijgevallen	bijvallen:v
paraplu's	paraplu:n
parapluutje	paraplu:n
regenschermen	regenscherm:n
regenschermpje	regenscherm:n
speelstukken	speelstuk:n
speelstukje	speelstuk:n
beman	bemannen:v
bemande	bemannen:v
bemant	bemannen:v
bemanden	bemannen:v
bemannend	bemannen:v
bemand	bemannen:v
acroniemen	acroniem:n
acroniempje	acroniem:n
letterwoorden	letterwoord:n
letterwoordje	letterwoord:n
inkomstenbelastingen	inkomstenbelasting:n
inkomstenbelastingetje	inkomstenbelasting:n
bloedde	bloeden:v
bloedt	bloeden:v
bloedden	bloeden:v
bloedend	bloeden:v
gebloed	bloeden:v
karteldarmen	karteldarm:n
karteldarmpje	karteldarm:n
schuttingtalen	schuttingtaal:n
schuttingtaaltje	schuttingtaal:n
tongzoen	tongzoenen:v
tongzoende	tongzoenen:v
tongzoent	tongzoenen:v
tongzoenden	tongzoenen:v
tongzoenend	tongzoenen:v
getongzoend	tongzoenen:v
kalkoenen	kalkoen:n
kalkoentje	kalkoen:n
mishandelingen	mishandeling:n
mishandelingetje	mishandeling:n
beschimpingen	beschimping:n
misbruikte	misbruiken:v
misbruikt	misbruiken:v
misbruikten	misbruiken:v
misbruikend	misbruiken:v
mishandel	mishandelen:v
mishandelde	mishandelen:v
mishandelt	mishandelen:v
mishandelden	mishandelen:v
mishandelend	mishandelen:v
mishandeld	mishandelen:v
onteer	onteren:v
onteerde	onteren:v
onteert	onteren:v
onteerden	onteren:v
onterend	onteren:v
onteerd	onteren:v
verkracht	verkrachten:v
verkrachtte	verkrachten:v
verkrachtten	verkrachten:v
verkrachtend	verkrachten:v
uitscheld	uitschelden:v
uitschold	uitschelden:v
uitscheldt	uitschelden:v
uitscholden	uitschelden:v
uitscheldend	uitschelden:v
uitgescholden	uitschelden:v
versnellingen	versnelling:n
versnellinkje	versnelling:n
acceleraties	acceleratie:n
acceleratietje	acceleratie:n
aanhang	aanhangen:v
aanhing	aanhangen:v
aanhangt	aanhangen:v
aanhingen	aanhangen:v
aanhangend	aanhangen:v
aangehangen	aanhangen:v
Afghanen	Afghaan:n
Afghaantje	Afghaan:n
Afghaansen	Afghaanse:n
Albanezen	Albanees:n
Albaneser	Albanees:a
Albaneest	Albanees:a
Albanesere	Albanees:a
Albaneeste	Albanees:a
karakters	karakter:n
karaktertje	karakter:n
klaarkom	klaarkomen:v
klaarkwam	klaarkomen:v
klaarkomt	klaarkomen:v
klaarkwamen	klaarkomen:v
klaarkomend	klaarkomen:v
klaargekomen	klaarkomen:v
dubbelpunten	dubbelpunt:n
dubbelpuntje	dubbelpunt:n
promotoren	promotor:n
promotortje	promotor:n
genoompje	genoom:n
Kongo-Brazzaville	Congo-Brazzaville:m
narcissen	narcis:n
narcissi	narcis:n
narcisje	narcis:n
metalen	metaal:n
kikkervisjes	kikkervisje:n
aardingen	aarding:n
aardinkje	aarding:n
aardde	aarden:v
aardt	aarden:v
aardden	aarden:v
aardend	aarden:v
geaard	aarden:v
pootte	poten:v
pootten	poten:v
potend	poten:v
gepoot	poten:v
onervarener	onervaren:a
onervarenst	onervaren:a
onervarenste	onervaren:a
groenen	groene:n
grauwer	grauw:a
grauwst	grauw:a
grauwe	grauw:a
grauwere	grauw:a
grauwste	grauw:a
grauwen	grauw:n
bestekken	bestek:n
bestekje	bestek:n
zilverwerken	zilverwerk:n
zilverwerkje	zilverwerk:n
zilverkleuren	zilverkleur:n
zilverkleurtje	zilverkleur:n
zilverkleuriger	zilverkleurig:a
zilverkleurigst	zilverkleurig:a
zilverkleurige	zilverkleurig:a
zilverkleurigere	zilverkleurig:a
zilverkleurigste	zilverkleurig:a
priemgetallen	priemgetal:n
priemgetalletje	priemgetal:n
ontologies	ontologie:n
ontologietje	ontologie:n
afschuwelijker	afschuwelijk:a
afschuwelijkst	afschuwelijk:a
afschuwelijke	afschuwelijk:a
afschuwelijkere	afschuwelijk:a
afschuwelijkste	afschuwelijk:a
afgrijselijker	afgrijselijk:a
afgrijselijkst	afgrijselijk:a
afgrijselijke	afgrijselijk:a
afgrijselijkere	afgrijselijk:a
afgrijselijkste	afgrijselijk:a
afschrikwekkender	afschrikwekkend:a
afschrikwekkendst	afschrikwekkend:a
afschrikwekkende	afschrikwekkend:a
afschrikwekkendere	afschrikwekkend:a
afschrikwekkendste	afschrikwekkend:a
uitwring	uitwringen:v
uitwrong	uitwringen:v
uitwringt	uitwringen:v
uitwrongen	uitwringen:v
uitwringend	uitwringen:v
uitgewrongen	uitwringen:v
wijfjeskatten	wijfjeskat:n
wijfjeskatje	wijfjeskat:n
spalken	spalk:n
spalkje	spalk:n
rolbezettingen	rolbezetting:n
rolbezettinkje	rolbezetting:n
rolverdelingen	rolverdeling:n
rolverdelinkje	rolverdeling:n
castte	casten:v
castten	casten:v
castend	casten:v
gecast	casten:v
afgietsels	afgietsel:n
afgietseltje	afgietsel:n
schijnen	schijn:n
schijntje	schijn:n
smijt	smijten:v
smeet	smijten:v
smeten	smijten:v
smijtend	smijten:v
gesmeten	smijten:v
videocamera's	videocamera:n
videocameraatje	videocamera:n
neergooi	neergooien:v
neergooide	neergooien:v
neergooit	neergooien:v
neergooiden	neergooien:v
neergooiend	neergooien:v
neergegooid	neergooien:v
afweer	afweren:v
afweerde	afweren:v
afweert	afweren:v
afweerden	afweren:v
afwerend	afweren:v
afgeweerd	afweren:v
uitgooi	uitgooien:v
uitgooide	uitgooien:v
uitgooit	uitgooien:v
uitgooiden	uitgooien:v
uitgooiend	uitgooien:v
uitgegooid	uitgooien:v
toewijs	toewijzen:v
toewees	toewijzen:v
toewijst	toewijzen:v
toewezen	toewijzen:v
toewijzend	toewijzen:v
toegewezen	toewijzen:v
omzet	omzetten:v
omzette	omzetten:v
omzettend	omzetten:v
omgezet	omzetten:v
peil	peilen:v
peilde	peilen:v
peilt	peilen:v
peilden	peilen:v
peilend	peilen:v
gepeild	peilen:v
peilen	peil:n
aanschouw	aanschouwen:v
aanschouwde	aanschouwen:v
aanschouwt	aanschouwen:v
aanschouwden	aanschouwen:v
aanschouwend	aanschouwen:v
aanschouwd	aanschouwen:v
computermuizen	computermuis:n
computermuisje	computermuis:n
beeldschoner	beeldschoon:a
beeldschoonst	beeldschoon:a
beeldschone	beeldschoon:a
beeldschonere	beeldschoon:a
beeldschoonste	beeldschoon:a
generaties	generatie:n
generatietje	generatie:n
verouder	verouderen:v
verouderde	verouderen:v|verouderd:a
veroudert	verouderen:v
verouderden	verouderen:v
verouderend	verouderen:v
verouderd	verouderen:v
Zweedsen	Zweedse:n
Tsjechen	Tsjech:n
Tsjechje	Tsjech:n
Tsjechischen	Tsjechische:n
veelhoeken	veelhoek:n
veelhoekje	veelhoek:n
mineraalwaters	mineraalwater:n
mineraalwatertje	mineraalwater:n
bronwaters	bronwater:n
bronwatertje	bronwater:n
spawaters	spawater:n
spawatertje	spawater:n
water	wateren:v
waterde	wateren:v
watert	wateren:v
waterden	wateren:v
waterend	wateren:v
gewaterd	wateren:v
wateren	water:n
bereikje	bereik:n
besla	beslaan:v
besloeg	beslaan:v
beslaat	beslaan:v
besloegen	beslaan:v
beslaand	beslaan:v
beslagen	beslaan:v|beslag:n
doorkruis	doorkruisen:v
doorkruiste	doorkruisen:v
doorkruist	doorkruisen:v
doorkruisten	doorkruisen:v
doorkruisend	doorkruisen:v
doorgekruist	doorkruisen:v
omzwerf	omzwerven:v
omzwierf	omzwerven:v
omzwerft	omzwerven:v
omzwierven	omzwerven:v
omzwervend	omzwerven:v
omgezworven	omzwerven:v
samenzweer	samenzweren:v
samenzwoer	samenzweren:v
samenzweert	samenzweren:v
samenzwoeren	samenzweren:v
samenzwerend	samenzweren:v
samengezworen	samenzweren:v
ridderde	ridderen:v
riddert	ridderen:v
ridderden	ridderen:v
ridderend	ridderen:v
geridderd	ridderen:v
lullen	lul:n
lulletje	lul:n
lul	lullen:v
dierlijker	dierlijk:a
dierlijkst	dierlijk:a
dierlijke	dierlijk:a
dierlijkere	dierlijk:a
dierlijkste	dierlijk:a
eindstrepen	eindstreep:n
eindstreepje	eindstreep:n
afwerk	afwerken:v
afwerkte	afwerken:v
afwerkt	afwerken:v
afwerkten	afwerken:v
afwerkend	afwerken:v
afgewerkt	afwerken:v
beëindig	beëindigen:v
beëindigde	beëindigen:v
beëindigt	beëindigen:v
beëindigden	beëindigen:v
beëindigend	beëindigen:v
beëindigd	beëindigen:v
ophou	ophouden:v
ophoud	ophouden:v
ophield	ophouden:v
ophoudt	ophouden:v
ophielden	ophouden:v
ophoudend	ophouden:v
opgehouden	ophouden:v
eindig	eindigen:v
eindigde	eindigen:v
eindigt	eindigen:v
eindigden	eindigen:v
eindigend	eindigen:v
geëindigd	eindigen:v
anarchies	anarchie:n
anarchieën	anarchie:n
anarchietje	anarchie:n
xylofoons	xylofoon:n
xylofonen	xylofoon:n
xylofoontje	xylofoon:n
kakkerlakken	kakkerlak:n
kakkerlakje	kakkerlak:n
meiske	meid:n|meisje:n
meidje	meid:n
meisie	meid:n|meisje:n
meidjes	meidje:n
griet	grutto:n
grieten	griet:n
grietje	griet:n
genitieve	genitief:a
genitieven	genitief:n
genitiefje	genitief:n
betonde	betonnen:v
betont	betonnen:v
betonden	betonnen:v
betonnend	betonnen:v
betond	betonnen:v
koppelwerkwoorden	koppelwerkwoord:n
strakker	strak:a
strakst	strak:a
strakke	strak:a
strakkere	strak:a
strakste	strak:a
opspan	opspannen:v
opspande	opspannen:v
opspant	opspannen:v
opspanden	opspannen:v
opspannend	opspannen:v
opgespannen	opspannen:v
luchtte	luchten:v
luchtten	luchten:v
luchtend	luchten:v
gelucht	luchten:v
wapenschilden	wapenschild:n
wapenschildje	wapenschild:n
bewapen	bewapenen:v
bewapende	bewapenen:v
bewapent	bewapenen:v
bewapenden	bewapenen:v
bewapenend	bewapenen:v
bewapend	bewapenen:v
kloosterzusters	kloosterzuster:n
kloosterzustertje	kloosterzuster:n
verpleegsters	verpleegster:n
verpleegstertje	verpleegster:n
opoes	opoe:n
opoetje	opoe:n
bompa's	bompa:n
bompaatje	bompa:n
dede	doen:v
nonkels	nonkel:n
nonkeltje	nonkel:n
suikerooms	suikeroom:n
suikeroompje	suikeroom:n
pandjesbazen	pandjesbaas:n
pandjesbaasje	pandjesbaas:n
koeler	koel:a
koelst	koel:a
koele	koel:a|koelen:v
koelere	koel:a
koelste	koel:a
koel	koelen:v
koelen	koele:n|koel:a
afstandelijker	afstandelijk:a
afstandelijkst	afstandelijk:a
afstandelijke	afstandelijk:a
afstandelijkere	afstandelijk:a
afstandelijkste	afstandelijk:a
onvoorbereider	onvoorbereid:a
onvoorbereidst	onvoorbereid:a
onvoorbereide	onvoorbereid:a
onvoorbereidere	onvoorbereid:a
onvoorbereidste	onvoorbereid:a
verkoudheden	verkoudheid:n
temperaturen	temperatuur:n
temperatuurtje	temperatuur:n
temperatuur	temperaturen:v
spreekwijzen	spreekwijze:n
gelaatsuitdrukkingen	gelaatsuitdrukking:n
gelaatsuitdrukkinkje	gelaatsuitdrukking:n
openbloei	openbloeien:v
openbloeide	openbloeien:v
openbloeit	openbloeien:v
openbloeiden	openbloeien:v
openbloeiend	openbloeien:v
opengebloeid	openbloeien:v
verzin	verzinnen:v
verzon	verzinnen:v
verzint	verzinnen:v
verzonnen	verzinnen:v
verzinnend	verzinnen:v
schijthuizen	schijthuis:n
schijthuisje	schijthuis:n
okers	oker:n
vrat	vreten:v
weergeef	weergeven:v
weergaf	weergeven:v
weergeeft	weergeven:v
weergaven	weergeven:v|weergave:n
weergevend	weergeven:v
weergegeven	weergeven:v
putte	putten:v
hagel	hagelen:v
biezen	bies:n
biesje	bies:n
teer	teren:v
teerde	teren:v
teert	teren:v
teerden	teren:v
terend	teren:v
geteerd	teren:v
gebitten	gebit:n
gebitje	gebit:n
ontleen	ontlenen:v
ontleende	ontlenen:v
ontleent	ontlenen:v
ontleenden	ontlenen:v
ontlenend	ontlenen:v
ontleend	ontlenen:v
daarover	over:d
koppel	koppelen:v
koppelde	koppelen:v
koppelt	koppelen:v
koppelden	koppelen:v
koppelend	koppelen:v
gekoppeld	koppelen:v
enveloppe	envelop:n
omslagen	omslag:n
omslagje	omslag:n
kwastvinnige	kwastvinnig:a
geldt	gelden:v
geldend	gelden:v
gegolden	gelden:v
krijtje	krijt:n
krijt	krijten:v
uitsterf	uitsterven:v
uitstierf	uitsterven:v
uitsterft	uitsterven:v
uitstierven	uitsterven:v
uitstervend	uitsterven:v
uitgestorven	uitsterven:v
opvis	opvissen:v
opviste	opvissen:v
opvist	opvissen:v
opvisten	opvissen:v
opvissend	opvissen:v
opgevist	opvissen:v
enzymen	enzym:n
enzympje	enzym:n
specerijen	specerij:n
specerijtje	specerij:n
kruiden	kruid:n|kruien:v
kruidje	kruid:n
havenplaatsen	havenplaats:n
havenplaatsje	havenplaats:n
verscheep	verschepen:v
verscheepte	verschepen:v
verscheept	verschepen:v
verscheepten	verschepen:v
verschepend	verschepen:v
heuvelachtiger	heuvelachtig:a
heuvelachtigst	heuvelachtig:a
heuvelachtige	heuvelachtig:a
heuvelachtigere	heuvelachtig:a
heuvelachtigste	heuvelachtig:a
spek	spekken:v
spekte	spekken:v
spekt	spekken:v
spekten	spekken:v
spekkend	spekken:v
gespekt	spekken:v
spekken	spek:n
spekje	spek:n
algoritmen	algoritme:n
algoritmes	algoritme:n
algoritmetje	algoritme:n
mythologieën	mythologie:n
mythologietje	mythologie:n
imperialismen	imperialisme:n
vermoed	vermoeden:v
vermoedde	vermoeden:v
vermoedt	vermoeden:v
vermoedden	vermoeden:v
vermoedend	vermoeden:v
vermoedens	vermoeden:n
zeldzaamheden	zeldzaamheid:n
zeldzaamheidje	zeldzaamheid:n
zeldzamer	zeldzaam:a
zeldzaamst	zeldzaam:a
zeldzamere	zeldzaam:a
zeldzaamste	zeldzaam:a
bemachtig	bemachtigen:v
bemachtigde	bemachtigen:v
bemachtigt	bemachtigen:v
bemachtigden	bemachtigen:v
bemachtigend	bemachtigen:v
bemachtigd	bemachtigen:v
mondingen	monding:n
zintuigen	zintuig:n
zintuigje	zintuig:n
benader	benaderen:v
benaderde	benaderen:v
benadert	benaderen:v
benaderden	benaderen:v
benaderend	benaderen:v
benaderd	benaderen:v
voldoend	voldoen:v
satanismes	satanisme:n
zaalhulpen	zaalhulp:n
zaalhulpje	zaalhulp:n
diminutiva	diminutivum:n
verrassingen	verrassing:n
verrassinkje	verrassing:n
tulbanden	tulband:n
tulbandje	tulband:n
antibiotica	antibioticum:n
hondsdoller	hondsdol:a
hondsdolst	hondsdol:a
hondsdolle	hondsdol:a
hondsdollere	hondsdol:a
hondsdolste	hondsdol:a
eigenwaarden	eigenwaarde:n
eigenwaardes	eigenwaarde:n
eigenwaardetje	eigenwaarde:n
opvolg	opvolgen:v
opvolgde	opvolgen:v
opvolgt	opvolgen:v
opvolgden	opvolgen:v
opvolgend	opvolgen:v
opgevolgd	opvolgen:v
wijdde	wijden:v
wijdt	wijden:v
wijdden	wijden:v
wijdend	wijden:v
gewijd	wijden:v
gewijde	gewijd:a
tijdgenoten	tijdgenoot:n
tijdgenootje	tijdgenoot:n
wijngaarden	wijngaard:n
wijngaardje	wijngaard:n
form.	formeel:a
formeler	formeel:a
formeelst	formeel:a
formele	formeel:a
formelere	formeel:a
formeelste	formeel:a
inf.	informeel:a
autobiografieën	autobiografie:n
autobiografietje	autobiografie:n
hengelaars	hengelaar:n
hengelaartje	hengelaar:n
heimweeën	heimwee:n
heimweetje	heimwee:n
hengels	hengel:n
hengeltje	hengel:n
hengel	hengelen:v
hengelde	hengelen:v
hengelt	hengelen:v
hengelden	hengelen:v
hengelend	hengelen:v
gehengeld	hengelen:v
biogassen	biogas:n
vestig	vestigen:v
vestigt	vestigen:v
vestigden	vestigen:v
vestigend	vestigen:v
gevestigd	vestigen:v
aaltjes	aaltje:n
octrooien	octrooi:n
octrooitje	octrooi:n
gelijkenissen	gelijkenis:n
gelijkenisje	gelijkenis:n
uitvinders	uitvinder:n
uitvindertje	uitvinder:n
schakelaars	schakelaar:n
schakelaartje	schakelaar:n
schakel	schakelen:v
schakelde	schakelen:v
schakelt	schakelen:v
schakelden	schakelen:v
schakelend	schakelen:v
geschakeld	schakelen:v
schaakte	schaken:v
schaakt	schaken:v
schaakten	schaken:v
schakend	schaken:v
geschaakt	schaken:v
kampioenen	kampioen:n|kampioene:n
kampioentje	kampioen:n
kampioenschappen	kampioenschap:n
kampioenschapje	kampioenschap:n
verkrijgbare	verkrijgbaar:a
horige	horig:a
horigen	horige:n
horigheden	horigheid:n
louterder	louter:a
louterst	louter:a
loutere	louter:a
louterdere	louter:a
louterste	louter:a
uiterlijken	uiterlijk:n
uiterlijkje	uiterlijk:n
uiterlijke	uiterlijk:a
bebouw	bebouwen:v
bebouwde	bebouwen:v
bebouwt	bebouwen:v
bebouwden	bebouwen:v
bebouwend	bebouwen:v
bebouwd	bebouwen:v
ellenden	ellende:n
ellendes	ellende:n
ellendetje	ellende:n
verschijningen	verschijning:n
verschijninkje	verschijning:n
aanwijsapparaten	aanwijsapparaat:n
aanwijsapparaatje	aanwijsapparaat:n
invoerapparaten	invoerapparaat:n
invoerapparaatje	invoerapparaat:n
stekkers	stekker:n
stekkertje	stekker:n
snoeren	snoer:n
snoertje	snoer:n
snoer	snoeren:v
afzet	afzetten:v
afzette	afzetten:v
afzettend	afzetten:v
afgezet	afzetten:v
demonteerbaarder	demonteerbaar:a
demonteerbaarst	demonteerbaar:a
demonteerbare	demonteerbaar:a
demonteerbaardere	demonteerbaar:a
demonteerbaarste	demonteerbaar:a
beheersbaarder	beheersbaar:a
beheersbaarst	beheersbaar:a
beheersbare	beheersbaar:a
beheersbaardere	beheersbaar:a
beheersbaarste	beheersbaar:a
geruime	geruim:a
vervuil	vervuilen:v
vervuilde	vervuilen:v
vervuilt	vervuilen:v
vervuilden	vervuilen:v
vervuilend	vervuilen:v
vervuild	vervuilen:v
bijbehorende	bijbehorend:a
zwicht	zwichten:v
zwichtte	zwichten:v
zwichtten	zwichten:v
zwichtend	zwichten:v
gezwicht	zwichten:v
verleidingen	verleiding:n
verleidinkje	verleiding:n
verleid	verleiden:v
verleidde	verleiden:v
verleidt	verleiden:v
verleidden	verleiden:v
verleidend	verleiden:v
adel	adelen:v
adelde	adelen:v
adelt	adelen:v
adelden	adelen:v
adelend	adelen:v
geadeld	adelen:v
uitzonderingetje	uitzondering:n
stralen	straal:n
straaltje	straal:n
straal	stralen:v
toetsenborden	toetsenbord:n
toetsenbordje	toetsenbord:n
uitbreiding	uitbreidingspakket:n
uitbreidingen	uitbreiding:n
uitbreidingetje	uitbreiding:n
uitbreidinkje	uitbreiding:n
gelijktijdige	gelijktijdig:a
veelvuldiger	veelvuldig:a
veelvuldigst	veelvuldig:a
veelvuldige	veelvuldig:a
veelvuldigere	veelvuldig:a
veelvuldigste	veelvuldig:a
erwtje	erwt:n
erwten	erwt:n
fautsoenen	fautsoen:n
fautsoentje	fautsoen:n
vocativi	vocativus:n
beloon	belonen:v
beloonde	belonen:v
beloont	belonen:v
beloonden	belonen:v
belonend	belonen:v
beloond	belonen:v
alomtegenwoordiger	alomtegenwoordig:a
alomtegenwoordigst	alomtegenwoordig:a
alomtegenwoordige	alomtegenwoordig:a
alomtegenwoordigere	alomtegenwoordig:a
alomtegenwoordigste	alomtegenwoordig:a
afbreek	afbreken:v
afbrak	afbreken:v
afbreekt	afbreken:v
afbraken	afbreken:v
afbrekend	afbreken:v
afgebroken	afbreken:v
plantaardige	plantaardig:a
terugkrijg	terugkrijgen:v
terugkreeg	terugkrijgen:v
terugkrijgt	terugkrijgen:v
terugkregen	terugkrijgen:v
terugkrijgend	terugkrijgen:v
teruggekregen	terugkrijgen:v
verhoogde	verhogen:v
verhoogt	verhogen:v
verhoogden	verhogen:v
verhogend	verhogen:v
verhoogd	verhogen:v
overleef	overleven:v
overleefde	overleven:v
overleeft	overleven:v
overleefden	overleven:v
overlevend	overleven:v
overleefd	overleven:v
schimmels	schimmel:n
schimmeltje	schimmel:n
opvang	opvangen:v
opving	opvangen:v
opvangt	opvangen:v
opvingen	opvangen:v
opvangend	opvangen:v
opgevangen	opvangen:v
sepots	sepot:n
sepotje	sepot:n
kleurstoffen	kleurstof:n
kleurstofje	kleurstof:n
samenwerkingen	samenwerking:n
samenwerkingetje	samenwerking:n
samenwerkinkje	samenwerking:n
verwante	verwant:a|verwant:n
verwanten	verwant:n
verdring	verdringen:v
verdrong	verdringen:v
verdringt	verdringen:v
verdrongen	verdringen:v
verdringend	verdringen:v
voedingsstoffen	voedingsstof:n
voedingsstofje	voedingsstof:n
uitdrogingen	uitdroging:n
koorknapen	koorknaap:n
koorknaapje	koorknaap:n
doorsta	doorstaan:v
doorstond	doorstaan:v
doorstaat	doorstaan:v
doorstonden	doorstaan:v
doorstaand	doorstaan:v
knapen	knaap:n
knaapje	knaap:n
woeste	woest:a
luchtverontreinigingen	luchtverontreiniging:n
woester	woest:a
woestst	woest:a
woestere	woest:a
woestste	woest:a
uitstoten	uitstoot:n
uitstoot	uitstoten:v
uitstootte	uitstoten:v
uitstootten	uitstoten:v
uitstotend	uitstoten:v
uitgestoten	uitstoten:v
uitstiet	uitstoten:v
uitstieten	uitstoten:v
korstmossen	korstmos:n
korstmosje	korstmos:n
bedrieglijker	bedrieglijk:a
bedrieglijkst	bedrieglijk:a
bedrieglijke	bedrieglijk:a
bedrieglijkere	bedrieglijk:a
bedrieglijkste	bedrieglijk:a
blasfemieën	blasfemie:n
tracht	trachten:v
trachtte	trachten:v
trachtten	trachten:v
trachtend	trachten:v
getracht	trachten:v
geachter	geacht:a
geachtst	geacht:a
hindernissen	hindernis:n
hindernisje	hindernis:n
rechthoeken	rechthoek:n
rechthoekje	rechthoek:n
toesta	toestaan:v
toestond	toestaan:v
toestaat	toestaan:v
toestonden	toestaan:v
toestaand	toestaan:v
toegestaan	toestaan:v
aanzienlijker	aanzienlijk:a
aanzienlijkst	aanzienlijk:a
aanzienlijke	aanzienlijk:a
aanzienlijkere	aanzienlijk:a
aanzienlijkste	aanzienlijk:a
voorkeuren	voorkeur:n
voorkeurtje	voorkeur:n
spermatozoïden	spermatozoïde:n
spermatozoïdes	spermatozoïde:n
epifyses	epifyse:n
epifysen	epifyse:n
gutste	gutsen:v
gutst	gutsen:v
gutsten	gutsen:v
gutsend	gutsen:v
gegutst	gutsen:v
kopieën	kopie:n
kopietje	kopie:n
degens	degen:n
degentje	degen:n
aartsabten	aartsabt:n
moederhuizen	moederhuis:n
moederhuisje	moederhuis:n
gemsbokken	gemsbok:n
gemsbokje	gemsbok:n
brieten	briet:n
brietje	briet:n
sjocheten	sjocheet:n
mohelen	moheel:n
moheeltje	moheel:n
toonbanken	toonbank:n
toonbankje	toonbank:n
gaver	gaaf:a
voorwaartse	voorwaarts:a
achterwaartse	achterwaarts:a
afl.	aflevering:n|afleiding:n
wsch.	waarschijnlijk:d
achterv.	achtervolging:n
minachtingen	minachting:n
afleidingen	afleiding:n
afleidinkje	afleiding:n
neerzet	neerzetten:v
neerzette	neerzetten:v
neerzettend	neerzetten:v
neergezet	neerzetten:v
draagbaarder	draagbaar:a
draagbaarst	draagbaar:a
draagbare	draagbaar:a
draagbaardere	draagbaar:a
draagbaarste	draagbaar:a
draagbaren	draagbaar:n
draagbaartje	draagbaar:n
bestem	bestemmen:v
bestemde	bestemmen:v
bestemt	bestemmen:v
bestemden	bestemmen:v
bestemmend	bestemmen:v
bestemd	bestemmen:v
verzoek	verzoeken:v
verzocht	verzoeken:v
verzoekt	verzoeken:v
verzochten	verzoeken:v
verzoekend	verzoeken:v
verzoeken	verzoek:n
aantrek	aantrekken:v
aantrok	aantrekken:v
aantrekt	aantrekken:v
aantrokken	aantrekken:v
aantrekkend	aantrekken:v
aangetrokken	aantrekken:v
schitter	schitteren:v
schitterde	schitteren:v
schittert	schitteren:v
schitterden	schitteren:v
schitterend	schitteren:v
geschitterd	schitteren:v
kreetje	kreet:n
kreet	krijten:v
uitten	uiten:v
uitend	uiten:v
geüit	uiten:v
kuste	kussen:v
kust	kussen:v
kusten	kussen:v|kust:n
kussend	kussen:v
gekust	kussen:v
kussens	kussen:n
kussentje	kussen:n
onthaal	onthalen:v
onthaalde	onthalen:v
onthaalt	onthalen:v
onthaalden	onthalen:v
onthalend	onthalen:v
onthaald	onthalen:v
zedelijker	zedelijk:a
zedelijkst	zedelijk:a
zedelijke	zedelijk:a
zedelijkere	zedelijk:a
zedelijkste	zedelijk:a
wandel	wandelen:v
wandelde	wandelen:v
wandelt	wandelen:v
wandelden	wandelen:v
wandelend	wandelen:v
gewandeld	wandelen:v
keuvel	keuvelen:v
keuvelde	keuvelen:v
keuvelt	keuvelen:v
keuvelden	keuvelen:v
keuvelend	keuvelen:v
gekeuveld	keuvelen:v
omhels	omhelzen:v
omhelsde	omhelzen:v
omhelst	omhelzen:v
omhelsden	omhelzen:v
omhelzend	omhelzen:v
omhelsd	omhelzen:v
bedwing	bedwingen:v
bedwong	bedwingen:v
bedwingt	bedwingen:v
bedwongen	bedwingen:v
bedwingend	bedwingen:v
twijfel	twijfelen:v
twijfelde	twijfelen:v
twijfelt	twijfelen:v
twijfelden	twijfelen:v
twijfelend	twijfelen:v
getwijfeld	twijfelen:v
belangstellingen	belangstelling:n
literaturen	literatuur:n
uitvoeriger	uitvoerig:a
uitvoerigst	uitvoerig:a
uitvoerige	uitvoerig:a
uitvoerigere	uitvoerig:a
uitvoerigste	uitvoerig:a
inheemse	inheems:a
hierdoor	door:d
schrikje	schrik:n
afkoel	afkoelen:v
afkoelde	afkoelen:v
afkoelt	afkoelen:v
afkoelden	afkoelen:v
afkoelend	afkoelen:v
afgekoeld	afkoelen:v
1e	eerste:a
2e	tweede:a
3e	derde:a
5e	vijfde:a
6e	zesde:a
7e	zevende:a
overals	overal:n
overalletje	overal:n
zweef	zweven:v
zweefde	zweven:v
zweeft	zweven:v
zweefden	zweven:v
zwevend	zweven:v
gezweefd	zweven:v
gunsten	gunst:n
gunstje	gunst:n
gunstiger	gunstig:a
gunstigst	gunstig:a
gunstige	gunstig:a
gunstigere	gunstig:a
gunstigste	gunstig:a
ongunstiger	ongunstig:a
ongunstigst	ongunstig:a
ongunstige	ongunstig:a
ongunstigere	ongunstig:a
ongunstigste	ongunstig:a
schadelijker	schadelijk:a
schadelijkst	schadelijk:a
schadelijke	schadelijk:a
schadelijkere	schadelijk:a
schadelijkste	schadelijk:a
vervuilingen	vervuiling:n
vervuilinkje	vervuiling:n
huishou	huishouden:v
huishoud	huishouden:v|huishouden:n
huishield	huishouden:v
huishoudt	huishouden:v
huishielden	huishouden:v
huishoudend	huishouden:v
huisgehouden	huishouden:v
huishoudens	huishouden:n
huishoudentje	huishouden:n
blootstellingen	blootstelling:n
blootstellinkje	blootstelling:n
blootstel	blootstellen:v
blootstelde	blootstellen:v
blootstelt	blootstellen:v
blootstelden	blootstellen:v
blootstellend	blootstellen:v
blootgesteld	blootstellen:v
voortijdiger	voortijdig:a
voortijdigst	voortijdig:a
voortijdige	voortijdig:a
voortijdigere	voortijdig:a
voortijdigste	voortijdig:a
vererger	verergeren:v
verergerde	verergeren:v
verergert	verergeren:v
verergerden	verergeren:v
verergerend	verergeren:v
verergerd	verergeren:v
ziekten	ziekte:n
ziektes	ziekte:n
ziektetje	ziekte:n
tientallen	tiental:n
tientalletje	tiental:n
aandoeningen	aandoening:n
aandoeninkje	aandoening:n
ademhalingen	ademhaling:n
ademhalinkje	ademhaling:n
ademhaal	ademhalen:v
ademhaalde	ademhalen:v
ademhaalt	ademhalen:v
ademhaalden	ademhalen:v
ademhalend	ademhalen:v
ademgehaald	ademhalen:v
terechtkom	terechtkomen:v
terechtkwam	terechtkomen:v
terechtkomt	terechtkomen:v
terechtkwamen	terechtkomen:v
terechtkomend	terechtkomen:v
terechtgekomen	terechtkomen:v
uitscheid	uitscheiden:v
uitscheidde	uitscheiden:v
uitscheidt	uitscheiden:v
uitscheidden	uitscheiden:v
uitscheidend	uitscheiden:v
uitgescheiden	uitscheiden:v
uitschei	uitscheiden:v
uitschee	uitscheiden:v
uitscheed	uitscheiden:v
uitscheeën	uitscheiden:v
uitscheden	uitscheiden:v
uitgescheeën	uitscheiden:v
uitgescheden	uitscheiden:v
schattingen	schatting:n
schattingetje	schatting:n
schattinkje	schatting:n
abondances	abondance:n
brossers	brosser:n
brossertje	brosser:n
emballagen	emballage:n
emballagetje	emballage:n
slijmvliezen	slijmvlies:n
slijmvliesje	slijmvlies:n
afvalstoffen	afvalstof:n
afvalstofje	afvalstof:n
aannemelijker	aannemelijk:a
aannemelijkst	aannemelijk:a
aannemelijke	aannemelijk:a
aannemelijkere	aannemelijk:a
aannemelijkste	aannemelijk:a
gevoeligheden	gevoeligheid:n
gevoeligheidje	gevoeligheid:n
bloedvaten	bloedvat:n
bloedvaatje	bloedvat:n
vaataandoeningen	vaataandoening:n
vaataandoeninkje	vaataandoening:n
uitwijs	uitwijzen:v
uitwees	uitwijzen:v
uitwijst	uitwijzen:v
uitwezen	uitwijzen:v
uitwijzend	uitwijzen:v
uitgewezen	uitwijzen:v
attometers	attometer:n
samenhangen	samenhang:n
samenhang	samenhangen:v
samenhing	samenhangen:v
samenhangt	samenhangen:v
samenhingen	samenhangen:v
samenhangend	samenhangen:v
samengehangen	samenhangen:v
zettameters	zettameter:n
zettametertje	zettameter:n
samenhangender	samenhangend:a
samenhangendst	samenhangend:a
samenhangende	samenhangend:a
samenhangendere	samenhangend:a
samenhangendste	samenhangend:a
kortdurende	kortdurend:a
vermoedelijke	vermoedelijk:a
verbrandingen	verbranding:n
verbrandinkje	verbranding:n
verdampingen	verdamping:n
steenkolen	steenkool:n
steenkooltje	steenkool:n
mengvoeders	mengvoeder:n
afschuur	afschuren:v
afschuurde	afschuren:v
afschuurt	afschuren:v
afschuurden	afschuren:v
afschurend	afschuren:v
afgeschuurd	afschuren:v
naburige	naburig:a
ongevaarlijker	ongevaarlijk:a
ongevaarlijkst	ongevaarlijk:a
ongevaarlijke	ongevaarlijk:a
ongevaarlijkere	ongevaarlijk:a
ongevaarlijkste	ongevaarlijk:a
daal	dalen:v
daalde	dalen:v
daalt	dalen:v
daalden	dalen:v
dalend	dalen:v
gedaald	dalen:v
afneem	afnemen:v
afnam	afnemen:v
afneemt	afnemen:v
afnamen	afnemen:v
afnemend	afnemen:v
afgenomen	afnemen:v
okt	oktober:n
kante	kanten:v
tesamen	tezamen:d
zijt	zijn:v
mardijkers	mardijker:n
mardijkertje	mardijker:n
romusha's	romusha:n
dwangbevelen	dwangbevel:n
dwangmatiger	dwangmatig:a
dwangmatigst	dwangmatig:a
dwangmatige	dwangmatig:a
dwangmatigere	dwangmatig:a
dwangmatigste	dwangmatig:a
permoeda's	permoeda:n
permoedaatje	permoeda:n
factorijen	factorij:n
factorijtje	factorij:n
koelies	koelie:n
koelietje	koelie:n
atmosferen	atmosfeer:n
atmosfeertje	atmosfeer:n
krijs	krijsen:v
krees	krijsen:v
krijst	krijsen:v
kresen	krijsen:v
krijsend	krijsen:v
gekresen	krijsen:v
schend	schenden:v
schond	schenden:v
schendt	schenden:v
schonden	schenden:v
schendend	schenden:v
geschonden	schenden:v
chatbots	chatbot:n
chatbotten	chatbot:n
chatbotje	chatbot:n
weerssituatiën	weerssituatie:n
weerssituaties	weerssituatie:n
zeges	zege:n
zegetje	zege:n
zege	zijgen:v
maagden	maagd:n
maagdje	maagd:n
maagdelijn	maagd:n
maagdeken	maagd:n
bronzers	bronzer:n
ketjaps	ketjap:n
ketjapje	ketjap:n
juweliers	juwelier:n
juweliertje	juwelier:n
anekdotes	anekdote:n
anekdoten	anekdote:n
anekdootje	anekdote:n
blende	blenden:v
spritsen	sprits:n
spritsje	sprits:n
intercity's	intercity:n
intercity'tje	intercity:n
stege	stijgen:v
mascottes	mascotte:n
mascotje	mascotte:n
mascottetje	mascotte:n
myriaden	myriade:n
goeden	goede:n|goed:a
vlinderdassen	vlinderdas:n
vlinderdasje	vlinderdas:n
tjow	tjo:i
optel	optellen:v
optelde	optellen:v
optelt	optellen:v
optelden	optellen:v
optellend	optellen:v
opgeteld	optellen:v
aftrek	aftrekken:v
aftrok	aftrekken:v
aftrekt	aftrekken:v
aftrokken	aftrekken:v
aftrekkend	aftrekken:v
afgetrokken	aftrekken:v
vermenigvuldig	vermenigvuldigen:v
vermenigvuldigde	vermenigvuldigen:v
vermenigvuldigt	vermenigvuldigen:v
vermenigvuldigden	vermenigvuldigen:v
vermenigvuldigend	vermenigvuldigen:v
vermenigvuldigd	vermenigvuldigen:v
machtsverhef	machtsverheffen:v
machtsverhief	machtsverheffen:v
machtsverheft	machtsverheffen:v
machtsverhieven	machtsverheffen:v
machtsverheffend	machtsverheffen:v
machtsverheven	machtsverheffen:v
worteltrek	worteltrekken:v
worteltrok	worteltrekken:v
worteltrekt	worteltrekken:v
worteltrokken	worteltrekken:v
worteltrekkend	worteltrekken:v
wortelgetrokken	worteltrekken:v
veelvouden	veelvoud:n
veelvoudje	veelvoud:n
delers	deler:n
delertje	deler:n
spiegelingen	spiegeling:n
spiegelingetje	spiegeling:n
lijnstukken	lijnstuk:n
lijnstukje	lijnstuk:n
willekeuriger	willekeurig:a
willekeurigst	willekeurig:a
willekeurige	willekeurig:a
willekeurigere	willekeurig:a
willekeurigste	willekeurig:a
gelijkheden	gelijkheid:n
Europeanen	Europeaan:n
Europeaantje	Europeaan:n
ontvreemd	ontvreemden:v
ontvreemdde	ontvreemden:v
ontvreemdt	ontvreemden:v
ontvreemdden	ontvreemden:v
ontvreemdend	ontvreemden:v
ploegde	ploegen:v
ploegt	ploegen:v
ploegden	ploegen:v
ploegend	ploegen:v
geploegd	ploegen:v
verzaak	verzaken:v
verzaakte	verzaken:v
verzaakt	verzaken:v
verzaakten	verzaken:v
verzakend	verzaken:v
academiën	academie:n
academietje	academie:n
faka	fawaka:i
gerser	gers:a
gerst	gers:a
harsen	hars:n
haakjes	haakje:n
brandpunten	brandpunt:n
brandpuntje	brandpunt:n
krommen	kromme:n
raaklijnen	raaklijn:n
raaklijntje	raaklijn:n
snijpunten	snijpunt:n
snijpuntje	snijpunt:n
raakpunten	raakpunt:n
raakpuntje	raakpunt:n
hellingen	helling:n
hellinkje	helling:n
strekkingen	strekking:n
strekkinkje	strekking:n
e-mails	e-mail:n
gesteenten	gesteente:n
gesteentes	gesteente:n
slijp	slijpen:v
slijpt	slijpen:v
slijpend	slijpen:v
geslepen	slijpen:v
veroveringen	verovering:n
veroveringetje	verovering:n
veroverinkje	verovering:n
vervolg	vervolgen:v
vervolgde	vervolgen:v
vervolgt	vervolgen:v
vervolgden	vervolgen:v
vervolgend	vervolgen:v
vervolgd	vervolgen:v
vervolgen	vervolg:n
eenmakingen	eenmaking:n
overgeef	overgeven:v
overgaf	overgeven:v
overgeeft	overgeven:v
overgaven	overgeven:v|overgave:n
overgevend	overgeven:v
overgegeven	overgeven:v
uitroepen	uitroep:n
uitroep	uitroepen:v
uitriep	uitroepen:v
uitroept	uitroepen:v
uitriepen	uitroepen:v
uitroepend	uitroepen:v
uitgeroepen	uitroepen:v
binnenval	binnenvallen:v
binnenviel	binnenvallen:v
binnenvalt	binnenvallen:v
binnenvielen	binnenvallen:v
binnenvallend	binnenvallen:v
binnengevallen	binnenvallen:v
gevangenen	gevangene:n
afsta	afstaan:v
afstond	afstaan:v
afstaat	afstaan:v
afstonden	afstaan:v
afstaand	afstaan:v
afgestaan	afstaan:v
verzwak	verzwakken:v
verzwakte	verzwakken:v
verzwakt	verzwakken:v
verzwakten	verzwakken:v
verzwakkend	verzwakken:v
weigeringen	weigering:n
weigeringetje	weigering:n
weigerinkje	weigering:n
zuchtje	zucht:n
vlekken	vlek:n
vlekje	vlek:n
bijzinnen	bijzin:n
bijzinnetje	bijzin:n
hoofdzinnen	hoofdzin:n
hoofdzinnetje	hoofdzin:n
keizerrijken	keizerrijk:n
keizerrijkje	keizerrijk:n
keizers	keizer:n
keizertje	keizer:n
deelstaten	deelstaat:n
deelstaatje	deelstaat:n
bevoegde	bevoegd:a
bevoegdheden	bevoegdheid:n
achterstanden	achterstand:n
achterstandje	achterstand:n
schijnbare	schijnbaar:a
begrijpelijker	begrijpelijk:a
begrijpelijkst	begrijpelijk:a
begrijpelijke	begrijpelijk:a
begrijpelijkere	begrijpelijk:a
begrijpelijkste	begrijpelijk:a
bereken	berekenen:v
berekende	berekenen:v
berekent	berekenen:v
berekenden	berekenen:v
berekenend	berekenen:v
berekend	berekenen:v
berekeningen	berekening:n
berekeninkje	berekening:n
veelheden	veelheid:n
veelheidje	veelheid:n
samenvattingen	samenvatting:n
samenvattinkje	samenvatting:n
besprekingen	bespreking:n
besprekinkje	bespreking:n
verleen	verlenen:v
verleende	verlenen:v
verleent	verlenen:v
verleenden	verlenen:v
verlenend	verlenen:v
verleend	verlenen:v
uitgaves	uitgave:n
uitgavetje	uitgave:n
uitgaafje	uitgave:n
doorbraken	doorbraak:n|doorbreken:v
doorbraakje	doorbraak:n
betrokkener	betrokken:a
betrokkenst	betrokken:a
betrokkenste	betrokken:a
weerspiegel	weerspiegelen:v
weerspiegelde	weerspiegelen:v
weerspiegelt	weerspiegelen:v
weerspiegelden	weerspiegelen:v
weerspiegelend	weerspiegelen:v
weerspiegeld	weerspiegelen:v
lazaretten	lazaret:n
mortieren	mortier:n
mortiertje	mortier:n
mopsen	mops:n
mopsje	mops:n
nachts	nacht:n
streelde	strelen:v
streelt	strelen:v
streelden	strelen:v
strelend	strelen:v
gestreeld	strelen:v
veeg	vegen:v
veegde	vegen:v
veegt	vegen:v
veegden	vegen:v
vegend	vegen:v
geveegd	vegen:v
postume	postuum:a
stumpers	stumper:n
stumpertje	stumper:n
acceptabeler	acceptabel:a
acceptabelst	acceptabel:a
acceptabele	acceptabel:a
acceptabelere	acceptabel:a
acceptabelste	acceptabel:a
antoniemen	antoniem:n
antoniempje	antoniem:n
dobbelstenen	dobbelsteen:n
dobbelsteentje	dobbelsteen:n
teerlingen	teerling:n
teerlinkje	teerling:n
kwarten	kwart:n
kwartalen	kwartaal:n
kwartaaltje	kwartaal:n
Duitsen	Duitse:n
geloop	gelopen:v
geliep	gelopen:v
geloopt	gelopen:v
geliepen	gelopen:v
gelopend	gelopen:v
echtgenoten	echtgenoot:n
echtgenootje	echtgenoot:n
keertje	keer:n
onware	onwaar:a
generaler	generaal:a
generaalst	generaal:a
generale	generaal:a
generalere	generaal:a
generaalste	generaal:a
generaals	generaal:n
generaaltje	generaal:n
overwinningen	overwinning:n
overwinningetje	overwinning:n
overwinninkje	overwinning:n
derivaten	derivaat:n
derivaatje	derivaat:n
odols	odol:n
odollen	odol:n
odolletje	odol:n
wervels	wervel:n
werveltje	wervel:n
wervel	wervelen:v
landgenoten	landgenoot:n
landgenootje	landgenoot:n
bombardeer	bombarderen:v
bombardeerde	bombarderen:v
bombardeert	bombarderen:v
bombardeerden	bombarderen:v
bombarderend	bombarderen:v
gebombardeerd	bombarderen:v
Italiaansen	Italiaanse:n
Italianen	Italiaan:n
Italiaantje	Italiaan:n
bijdraag	bijdragen:v
bijdroeg	bijdragen:v
bijdraagt	bijdragen:v
bijdroegen	bijdragen:v
bijdragend	bijdragen:v
bijgedragen	bijdragen:v
overhandig	overhandigen:v
overhandigde	overhandigen:v
overhandigt	overhandigen:v
overhandigden	overhandigen:v
overhandigend	overhandigen:v
overhandigd	overhandigen:v
acties	actie:n
actiën	actie:n
actietje	actie:n
rhonchi	rhonchus:n
kleinzonen	kleinzoon:n
kleinzoons	kleinzoon:n
kleinzoontje	kleinzoon:n
schoonzussen	schoonzus:n
schoonzusje	schoonzus:n
schoonzusters	schoonzuster:n
schoonzustertje	schoonzuster:n
schoonzonen	schoonzoon:n
schoonzoontje	schoonzoon:n
schoondochters	schoondochter:n
schoondochtertje	schoondochter:n
inktvissen	inktvis:n
inktvisje	inktvis:n
sikker	sjikker:a
wc's	wc:n
wc'tje	wc:n
bloembedden	bloembed:n
bloembedje	bloembed:n
aangezichten	aangezicht:n
aangezichtje	aangezicht:n
Zoeloes	Zoeloe:n
Zoeloetje	Zoeloe:n
chattend	chatten:v
gechat	chatten:v
baarmoeders	baarmoeder:n
baarmoedertje	baarmoeder:n
republieken	republiek:n
republiekje	republiek:n
aureolen	aureool:n
aureooltje	aureool:n
ervaar	ervaren:v
ervoer	ervaren:v
ervaart	ervaren:v
ervoeren	ervaren:v
ervarend	ervaren:v
ervaarde	ervaren:v
ervaarden	ervaren:v
ervaard	ervaren:v
ervarener	ervaren:a
ervarenst	ervaren:a
ervarenste	ervaren:a
doodzieker	doodziek:a
doodziekst	doodziek:a
doodzieke	doodziek:a
doodziekere	doodziek:a
doodziekste	doodziek:a
doders	doder:n
dodertje	doder:n
theorieën	theorie:n
theorietje	theorie:n
carrosserieën	carrosserie:n
carrosserietje	carrosserie:n
landengtes	landengte:n
landengten	landengte:n
landengtetje	landengte:n
betale	betalen:v
componisten	componist:n
componistje	componist:n
klassieker	klassiek:a
klassiekst	klassiek:a
klassieke	klassiek:a
klassiekere	klassiek:a
klassiekste	klassiek:a
overdrachtelijker	overdrachtelijk:a
overdrachtelijkst	overdrachtelijk:a
overdrachtelijke	overdrachtelijk:a
overdrachtelijkere	overdrachtelijk:a
overdrachtelijkste	overdrachtelijk:a
oorsprongen	oorsprong:n
hoornaars	hoornaar:n
hoornaartje	hoornaar:n
overdrachten	overdracht:n
overdrachtje	overdracht:n
Stoli's	Stoli:n
Stolietje	Stoli:n
weerhou	weerhouden:v
weerhoud	weerhouden:v
weerhield	weerhouden:v
weerhoudt	weerhouden:v
weerhielden	weerhouden:v
weerhoudend	weerhouden:v
onverhoopte	onverhoopt:a
grilliger	grillig:a
grilligst	grillig:a
grillige	grillig:a
grilligere	grillig:a
grilligste	grillig:a
gelief	gelieven:v
gelieft	gelieven:v
gelievend	gelieven:v
geliefd	gelieven:v|lieven:v
accepteer	accepteren:v
accepteerde	accepteren:v
accepteert	accepteren:v
accepteerden	accepteren:v
accepterend	accepteren:v
geaccepteerd	accepteren:v
10e	tiende:a
eeuwiger	eeuwig:a
eeuwigst	eeuwig:a
eeuwige	eeuwig:a
eeuwigere	eeuwig:a
eeuwigste	eeuwig:a
standbeelden	standbeeld:n
standbeeldje	standbeeld:n
afkomsten	afkomst:n
afkomstje	afkomst:n
navolgingen	navolging:n
navolgingetje	navolging:n
navolginkje	navolging:n
dronkje	dronk:n
gezelschappen	gezelschap:n
gezelschapje	gezelschap:n
gezellen	gezel:n
gezelletje	gezel:n
gezel	gezellig:a
wantrouwender	wantrouwend:a
wantrouwendst	wantrouwend:a
wantrouwende	wantrouwend:a
wantrouwendere	wantrouwend:a
wantrouwendste	wantrouwend:a
wantrouwend	wantrouwen:v
toeken	toekennen:v|toek:n
toekende	toekennen:v
toekent	toekennen:v
toekenden	toekennen:v
toekennend	toekennen:v
toegekend	toekennen:v
bewerkstellig	bewerkstelligen:v
bewerkstelligde	bewerkstelligen:v
bewerkstelligt	bewerkstelligen:v
bewerkstelligden	bewerkstelligen:v
bewerkstelligend	bewerkstelligen:v
bewerkstelligd	bewerkstelligen:v
deelneem	deelnemen:v
deelnam	deelnemen:v
deelneemt	deelnemen:v
deelnamen	deelnemen:v
deelnemend	deelnemen:v
deelgenomen	deelnemen:v
kogels	kogel:n
kogeltje	kogel:n
kogel	kogelen:v
kleef	kleven:v
kleefde	kleven:v
kleeft	kleven:v
kleefden	kleven:v
klevend	kleven:v
gekleefd	kleven:v
worpen	worp:n
worpje	worp:n
twijfels	twijfel:n
twijfeltje	twijfel:n
tufstenen	tufsteen:n
tufsteentje	tufsteen:n
katoenen	katoen:n
katoentje	katoen:n
bedruk	bedrukken:v
bedrukte	bedrukken:v
bedrukt	bedrukken:v
bedrukten	bedrukken:v
bedrukkend	bedrukken:v
beschilder	beschilderen:v
beschilderde	beschilderen:v|beschilderd:a
beschildert	beschilderen:v
beschilderden	beschilderen:v
beschilderend	beschilderen:v
beschilderd	beschilderen:v
koolzuren	koolzuur:n
koolzuurtje	koolzuur:n
verrijk	verrijken:v
verrijkte	verrijken:v
verrijkt	verrijken:v
verrijkten	verrijken:v
verrijkend	verrijken:v
zuivels	zuivel:n
zuiveltje	zuivel:n
dienbladen	dienblad:n
dienblaadje	dienblad:n
kieren	kier:n
kiertje	kier:n
verpand	verpanden:v
verpandde	verpanden:v
verpandt	verpanden:v
verpandden	verpanden:v
verpandend	verpanden:v
hofleveranciers	hofleverancier:n
hofleveranciertje	hofleverancier:n
pijnbomen	pijnboom:n
pijnboompje	pijnboom:n
rechtstreekser	rechtstreeks:a
rechtstreekst	rechtstreeks:a
rechtstreekse	rechtstreeks:a
rechtstreeksere	rechtstreeks:a
rechtstreekste	rechtstreeks:a
kalkstenen	kalksteen:n
kalksteentje	kalksteen:n
overblijfselen	overblijfsel:n
overblijfsels	overblijfsel:n
overblijfseltje	overblijfsel:n
opeenhoop	opeenhopen:v
opeenhoopte	opeenhopen:v
opeenhoopt	opeenhopen:v
opeenhoopten	opeenhopen:v
opeenhopend	opeenhopen:v
opeengehoopt	opeenhopen:v
opeenhopingen	opeenhoping:n
opeenhopinkje	opeenhoping:n
druppelde	druppelen:v
druppelt	druppelen:v
druppelden	druppelen:v
druppelend	druppelen:v
gedruppeld	druppelen:v
verweringen	verwering:n
verwerinkje	verwering:n
verplaats	verplaatsen:v
verplaatste	verplaatsen:v
verplaatst	verplaatsen:v
verplaatsten	verplaatsen:v
verplaatsend	verplaatsen:v
opnames	opname:n
opnametje	opname:n
weghaal	weghalen:v
weghaalde	weghalen:v
weghaalt	weghalen:v
weghaalden	weghalen:v
weghalend	weghalen:v
weggehaald	weghalen:v
ongeruster	ongerust:a
ongerustst	ongerust:a
ongeruste	ongerust:a
ongerustere	ongerust:a
ongerustste	ongerust:a
bereid	bereiden:v
bereidde	bereiden:v
bereidt	bereiden:v
bereidden	bereiden:v
bereidend	bereiden:v
ontvangsten	ontvangst:n
ontvangstje	ontvangst:n
volwaardiger	volwaardig:a
volwaardigst	volwaardig:a
volwaardige	volwaardig:a
volwaardigere	volwaardig:a
volwaardigste	volwaardig:a
prachtiger	prachtig:a
prachtigst	prachtig:a
prachtige	prachtig:a
prachtigere	prachtig:a
prachtigste	prachtig:a
stofzuigers	stofzuiger:n
stofzuigertje	stofzuiger:n
broos	bros:a
brozer	broos:a
broost	broos:a
broze	broos:a
brozere	broos:a
brooste	broos:a
brozen	broos:n
broosje	broos:n
uitoefen	uitoefenen:v
uitoefende	uitoefenen:v
uitoefent	uitoefenen:v
uitoefenden	uitoefenen:v
uitoefenend	uitoefenen:v
uitgeoefend	uitoefenen:v
stichters	stichter:n
stichtertje	stichter:n
toeschrijf	toeschrijven:v
toeschreef	toeschrijven:v
toeschrijft	toeschrijven:v
toeschreven	toeschrijven:v
toeschrijvend	toeschrijven:v
toegeschreven	toeschrijven:v
kerstekinderen	kerstekind:n
kerstekindje	kerstekind:n
schroevendraaiers	schroevendraaier:n
schroevendraaiertje	schroevendraaier:n
moeren	moer:n
moertje	moer:n
moer	muur:n|moeren:v
hengsten	hengst:n
hengstje	hengst:n
kalveren	kalf:n
kalfje	kalf:n
kalf	kalven:v
Amerikanen	Amerikaan:n
Amerikaantje	Amerikaan:n
roepingen	roeping:n
roepinkje	roeping:n
houdingen	houding:n
houdinkje	houding:n
avondmaaltijden	avondmaaltijd:n
avondmaaltijdje	avondmaaltijd:n
ruige	ruig:a
isolijnen	isolijn:n
isolijntje	isolijn:n
encyclopedieën	encyclopedie:n
encyclopedietje	encyclopedie:n
zweefvlieg	zweefvliegen:v
zweefvliegde	zweefvliegen:v
zweefvliegt	zweefvliegen:v
zweefvliegden	zweefvliegen:v
zweefvliegend	zweefvliegen:v
gezweefvliegd	zweefvliegen:v
zweefvliegen	zweefvlieg:n
zweefvliegtuigen	zweefvliegtuig:n
zweefvliegtuigje	zweefvliegtuig:n
kwadrate	kwadraat:a
kwadraten	kwadraat:n
kwadraatje	kwadraat:n
associaties	associatie:n
associatietje	associatie:n
synonieme	synoniem:a
synoniemen	synoniem:n
synoniempje	synoniem:n
adelaars	adelaar:n
adelaartje	adelaar:n
stemmers	stemmer:n
stemmertje	stemmer:n
IJslandser	IJslands:a
IJslandst	IJslands:a
IJslandse	IJslands:a
IJslandsere	IJslands:a
IJslandste	IJslands:a
fikt	fikken:v
fikte	fikken:v
fikten	fikken:v
fikkend	fikken:v
gefikt	fikken:v
fikjes	fikken:n
geweien	gewei:n
geweitje	gewei:n
turkooizen	turkoois:n
turkooisje	turkoois:n
pijnstillers	pijnstiller:n
pijnstillertje	pijnstiller:n
tandpijnen	tandpijn:n
tandpijntje	tandpijn:n
giftanden	giftand:n
giftandje	giftand:n
toxines	toxine:n
toxinen	toxine:n
toxinetje	toxine:n
knapenschenners	knapenschenner:n
knapenschennertje	knapenschenner:n
schroef	schroeven:v
schroefde	schroeven:v
schroeft	schroeven:v
schroefden	schroeven:v
schroevend	schroeven:v
geschroefd	schroeven:v
schroeven	schroef:n
nagedachtenissen	nagedachtenis:n
nagedachtenisje	nagedachtenis:n
bereide	bereid:a|bereiden:v
voorgangers	voorganger:n
voorgangertje	voorganger:n
opvolgers	opvolger:n
opvolgertje	opvolger:n
weduwnaars	weduwnaar:n
weduwnaren	weduwnaar:n
weduwnaartje	weduwnaar:n
universiteiten	universiteit:n
universiteitje	universiteit:n
romanisaties	romanisatie:n
romanisatietje	romanisatie:n
grootouders	grootouder:n
grootoudertje	grootouder:n
mineraaler	mineraal:a
mineraalst	mineraal:a
mineralen	mineraal:n
mineraaltje	mineraal:n
psychiaters	psychiater:n
psychiatertje	psychiater:n
fotografeer	fotograferen:v
fotografeerde	fotograferen:v
fotografeert	fotograferen:v
fotografeerden	fotograferen:v
fotograferend	fotograferen:v
gefotografeerd	fotograferen:v
aanklop	aankloppen:v
aanklopte	aankloppen:v
aanklopt	aankloppen:v
aanklopten	aankloppen:v
aankloppend	aankloppen:v
aangeklopt	aankloppen:v
amorfe	amorf:a
onoverwinnelijker	onoverwinnelijk:a
onoverwinnelijkst	onoverwinnelijk:a
onoverwinnelijke	onoverwinnelijk:a
onoverwinnelijkere	onoverwinnelijk:a
onoverwinnelijkste	onoverwinnelijk:a
zonnewenden	zonnewende:n
zonnewendes	zonnewende:n
halfronden	halfrond:n
halfrondje	halfrond:n
halfronde	halfrond:a
nuttiger	nuttig:a
nuttigst	nuttig:a
nuttige	nuttig:a|nuttigen:v
nuttigere	nuttig:a
nuttigste	nuttig:a
nuttig	nuttigen:v
peiltje	peil:n
peilingen	peiling:n
peilinkje	peiling:n
opiniepeilingen	opiniepeiling:n
opiniepeilinkje	opiniepeiling:n
volsta	volstaan:v
volstond	volstaan:v
volstaat	volstaan:v
volstonden	volstaan:v
volstaand	volstaan:v
bavianen	baviaan:n
baviaantje	baviaan:n
schrijd	schrijden:v
schreed	schrijden:v
schrijdt	schrijden:v
schreden	schrijden:v|schrede:n
schrijdend	schrijden:v
geschreden	schrijden:v
middernachten	middernacht:n
middernachtje	middernacht:n
matig	matigen:v
matigde	matigen:v
matigt	matigen:v
matigden	matigen:v
matigend	matigen:v
gematigd	matigen:v
gematigder	gematigd:a
gematigdst	gematigd:a
gematigde	gematigd:a
gematigdere	gematigd:a
gematigdste	gematigd:a
verzoekje	verzoek:n
inkten	inkt:n
inktje	inkt:n
hoefijzers	hoefijzer:n
hoefijzertje	hoefijzer:n
potte	potten:v
pottend	potten:v
gepot	potten:v
ogenblikken	ogenblik:n
ogenblikje	ogenblik:n
bewakers	bewaker:n
bewakertje	bewaker:n
pijnlijke	pijnlijk:a
pijnlijker	pijnlijk:a
pijnlijkst	pijnlijk:a
pijnlijkere	pijnlijk:a
pijnlijkste	pijnlijk:a
spraakverwarringen	spraakverwarring:n
spraakverwarrinkje	spraakverwarring:n
kwajongens	kwajongen:n
kwajongetje	kwajongen:n
sfinxen	sfinx:n
sfinxje	sfinx:n
sfinx	sphynx:n
borsten	borst:n|barsten:v
borstje	borst:n
slagzinnen	slagzin:n
slagzinnetje	slagzin:n
overschrijd	overschrijden:v
overschreed	overschrijden:v
overschrijdt	overschrijden:v
overschreden	overschrijden:v
overschrijdend	overschrijden:v
patrijzen	patrijs:n
patrijsje	patrijs:n
ambtsroeden	ambtsroede:n
ambtsroedes	ambtsroede:n
ambtsroedetje	ambtsroede:n
ambten	ambt:n
ambtje	ambt:n
hoefje	hoef:n
strafbaarder	strafbaar:a
strafbaarst	strafbaar:a
strafbare	strafbaar:a
strafbaardere	strafbaar:a
strafbaarste	strafbaar:a
naakter	naakt:a
naaktst	naakt:a
naaktere	naakt:a
naaktste	naakt:a
naaktje	naakt:n
nakie	naakt:n
behartig	behartigen:v
behartigde	behartigen:v
behartigt	behartigen:v
behartigden	behartigen:v
behartigend	behartigen:v
behartigd	behartigen:v
tussentijdse	tussentijds:a
paljassen	paljas:n
paljasje	paljas:n
beëdig	beëdigen:v
beëdigde	beëdigen:v
beëdigt	beëdigen:v
beëdigden	beëdigen:v
beëdigend	beëdigen:v
beëdigd	beëdigen:v
strafkoloniën	strafkolonie:n
strafkolonies	strafkolonie:n
strafkolonietje	strafkolonie:n
hamels	hamel:n
hameltje	hamel:n
aanlopen	aanloop:n
aanloopje	aanloop:n
betreed	betreden:v
betrad	betreden:v
betreedt	betreden:v
betraden	betreden:v
betredend	betreden:v
aftreed	aftreden:v
aftrad	aftreden:v
aftreedt	aftreden:v
aftraden	aftreden:v
aftredend	aftreden:v
afgetreden	aftreden:v
hangmatten	hangmat:n
hangmatje	hangmat:n
vervallen	verval:n
vervalletje	verval:n
verval	vervallen:v
afstotingen	afstoting:n
afstotinkje	afstoting:n
everzwijnen	everzwijn:n
everzwijntje	everzwijn:n
afstoot	afstoten:v
afstootte	afstoten:v
afstootten	afstoten:v
afstotend	afstoten:v
afgestoten	afstoten:v
afstiet	afstoten:v
afstieten	afstoten:v
bijeenhou	bijeenhouden:v
bijeenhoud	bijeenhouden:v
bijeenhield	bijeenhouden:v
bijeenhoudt	bijeenhouden:v
bijeenhielden	bijeenhouden:v
bijeenhoudend	bijeenhouden:v
bijeengehouden	bijeenhouden:v
ijken	ijk:n
ijkje	ijk:n
ijk	ijken:v
zolders	zolder:n
zoldertje	zolder:n
beroof	beroven:v
beroofde	beroven:v
berooft	beroven:v
beroofden	beroven:v
berovend	beroven:v
beroofd	beroven:v
uitwissel	uitwisselen:v
uitwisselde	uitwisselen:v
uitwisselt	uitwisselen:v
uitwisselden	uitwisselen:v
uitwisselend	uitwisselen:v
uitgewisseld	uitwisselen:v
bestendiger	bestendig:a
bestendigst	bestendig:a
bestendige	bestendig:a
bestendigere	bestendig:a
bestendigste	bestendig:a
roerde	roeren:v
roert	roeren:v
roerden	roeren:v
roerend	roeren:v
geroerd	roeren:v
aangrijp	aangrijpen:v
aangreep	aangrijpen:v
aangrijpt	aangrijpen:v
aangrepen	aangrijpen:v
aangrijpend	aangrijpen:v
aangegrepen	aangrijpen:v
semantische	semantisch:a
urineer	urineren:v
urineerde	urineren:v
urineert	urineren:v
urineerden	urineren:v
urinerend	urineren:v
geürineerd	urineren:v
omkom	omkomen:v
omkwam	omkomen:v
omkomt	omkomen:v
omkwamen	omkomen:v
omkomend	omkomen:v
omgekomen	omkomen:v
tegengestelde	tegengesteld:a
botsingen	botsing:n
botsinkje	botsing:n
botsten	botsen:v
botsend	botsen:v
gebotst	botsen:v
versnel	versnellen:v
versnelde	versnellen:v
versnelt	versnellen:v
versnelden	versnellen:v
versnellend	versnellen:v
versneld	versnellen:v
omtrekken	omtrek:n
omtrekje	omtrek:n
hellemoeren	hellemoer:n
hellemoertje	hellemoer:n
helser	hels:a
helse	hels:a
helsere	hels:a
bruter	bruut:a
bruutst	bruut:a
brutere	bruut:a
bruutste	bruut:a
bruten	bruut:n
bruutje	bruut:n
geduldiger	geduldig:a
geduldigst	geduldig:a
geduldige	geduldig:a
geduldigere	geduldig:a
geduldigste	geduldig:a
knolrapen	knolraap:n
knolraapje	knolraap:n
romanciers	romancier:n
romanciertje	romancier:n
bivakmutsen	bivakmuts:n
bivakmutsje	bivakmuts:n
waanzinnige	waanzinnig:a
waanzinnigen	waanzinnige:n
waanzinniger	waanzinnig:a
waanzinnigst	waanzinnig:a
waanzinnigere	waanzinnig:a
waanzinnigste	waanzinnig:a
medailles	medaille:n
medailletje	medaille:n
duivels	duivel:n
duivelen	duivel:n
duiveltje	duivel:n
ichthussen	ichthus:n
schepsels	schepsel:n
schepselen	schepsel:n
schepseltje	schepsel:n
wijfje	wijf:n
wijfjes	wijfje:n
creaturen	creatuur:n
creatuurtje	creatuur:n
evoluties	evolutie:n
evolutietje	evolutie:n
rouwstemmingen	rouwstemming:n
beeldschermen	beeldscherm:n
beeldschermpje	beeldscherm:n
flikkerde	flikkeren:v
flikkert	flikkeren:v
flikkerden	flikkeren:v
flikkerend	flikkeren:v
geflikkerd	flikkeren:v
kleinzeriger	kleinzerig:a
kleinzerigst	kleinzerig:a
kleinzerige	kleinzerig:a
kleinzerigere	kleinzerig:a
kleinzerigste	kleinzerig:a
schuttingen	schutting:n
schuttinkje	schutting:n
onderbroeken	onderbroek:n
onderbroekje	onderbroek:n
biographie	biografie:n
bakkers	bakker:n
bakkertje	bakker:n
jij-bakken	jij-bak:n
herbivoren	herbivoor:n
herbivoortje	herbivoor:n
planteneters	planteneter:n
plantenetertje	planteneter:n
kanteeltje	kanteel:n
fobies	fobie:n
fobieën	fobie:n
fobietje	fobie:n
balt	ballen:v
balden	ballen:v
ballend	ballen:v
gebald	ballen:v
kloot	kloten:v
klootte	kloten:v
klootten	kloten:v
klotend	kloten:v
gekloot	kloten:v
stalde	stallen:v
stalt	stallen:v
stalden	stallen:v
stallend	stallen:v
gestald	stallen:v
schaamten	schaamte:n
schaamtes	schaamte:n
schaamtetje	schaamte:n
watermeloenen	watermeloen:n
watermeloentje	watermeloen:n
nissen	nis:n
gewrichten	gewricht:n
gewrichtje	gewricht:n
bajonetten	bajonet:n
bajonetje	bajonet:n
nasaler	nasaal:a
nasaalst	nasaal:a
nasale	nasaal:a
nasalere	nasaal:a
nasaalste	nasaal:a
nasalen	nasaal:n
heli's	heli:n
helietje	heli:n
achterwerken	achterwerk:n
achterwerkje	achterwerk:n
doofde	doven:v
dooft	doven:v
doofden	doven:v
dovend	doven:v
gedoofd	doven:v
stokvissen	stokvis:n
stokvisje	stokvis:n
gewetens	geweten:n
gewetentje	geweten:n
zeesterren	zeester:n
zeesterretje	zeester:n
gewetenlozer	gewetenloos:a
gewetenloost	gewetenloos:a
gewetenloze	gewetenloos:a
gewetenlozere	gewetenloos:a
gewetenlooste	gewetenloos:a
classificaties	classificatie:n
classificatietje	classificatie:n
viennoiserieën	viennoiserie:n
zakkenrollers	zakkenroller:n
zakkenrollertje	zakkenroller:n
claustrofobieën	claustrofobie:n
claustrofobietje	claustrofobie:n
ovaler	ovaal:a
ovaalst	ovaal:a
ovalere	ovaal:a
ovaalste	ovaal:a
ovalen	ovaal:n
ovaaltje	ovaal:n
heuristische	heuristisch:a
broodroosters	broodrooster:n
broodroostertje	broodrooster:n
pederastische	pederastisch:a
kwasten	kwast:n
kwastje	kwast:n
staljongens	staljongen:n
staljongetje	staljongen:n
kerstmannen	kerstman:n
kerstmannetje	kerstman:n
bobsleeën	bobslee:n
bobsleetje	bobslee:n
objectiever	objectief:a
objectiefst	objectief:a
objectieve	objectief:a
objectievere	objectief:a
objectiefste	objectief:a
objectieven	objectief:n
objectiefje	objectief:n
vertrekje	vertrek:n
kapten	kappen:v
algorithme	algoritme:n
intelligenties	intelligentie:n
intelligentietje	intelligentie:n
toespraken	toespraak:n|toespreken:v
toespraakje	toespraak:n
toespraakjes	toespraak:n
fundamentalismen	fundamentalisme:n
fundamentalismetje	fundamentalisme:n
abri's	abri:n
abrietje	abri:n
kustje	kust:n
zeekusten	zeekust:n
zeekustje	zeekust:n
vloedgolven	vloedgolf:n
vloedgolfje	vloedgolf:n
trommels	trommel:n
trommeltje	trommel:n
trommel	trommelen:v
aminozuren	aminozuur:n
aminozuurtje	aminozuur:n
edelgassen	edelgas:n
specifieker	specifiek:a
specifiekst	specifiek:a
specifieke	specifiek:a
specifiekere	specifiek:a
specifiekste	specifiek:a
onnozeler	onnozel:a
onnozelst	onnozel:a
onnozele	onnozel:a
onnozelere	onnozel:a
onnozelste	onnozel:a
onnozelheden	onnozelheid:n
onnozelheidje	onnozelheid:n
melaatsheden	melaatsheid:n
bioscopen	bioscoop:n
bioscoopje	bioscoop:n
plas	plassen:v
plaste	plassen:v
plasten	plassen:v
plassend	plassen:v
geplast	plassen:v
plassen	plas:n
antilichamen	antilichaam:n
antilichaampje	antilichaam:n
tandenborstels	tandenborstel:n
tandenborsteltje	tandenborstel:n
anemieën	anemie:n
azijnen	azijn:n
azijntje	azijn:n
autismen	autisme:n
autismetje	autisme:n
gevels	gevel:n
geveltje	gevel:n
apotheken	apotheek:n
apotheekje	apotheek:n
lijfwachten	lijfwacht:n
lijfwachtje	lijfwacht:n
buurjongens	buurjongen:n
buurjongetje	buurjongen:n
beschimpinkje	beschimping:n
optimistischer	optimistisch:a
optimistischt	optimistisch:a
optimistische	optimistisch:a
optimistischere	optimistisch:a
optimistischte	optimistisch:a
pessimistischer	pessimistisch:a
pessimistischt	pessimistisch:a
pessimistische	pessimistisch:a
pessimistischere	pessimistisch:a
pessimistischte	pessimistisch:a
polemische	polemisch:a
botanischer	botanisch:a
botanischt	botanisch:a
botanische	botanisch:a
botanischere	botanisch:a
botanischte	botanisch:a
problematischer	problematisch:a
problematischt	problematisch:a
problematische	problematisch:a
problematischere	problematisch:a
problematischte	problematisch:a
dim	dimmen:v
dimde	dimmen:v
dimt	dimmen:v
dimden	dimmen:v
dimmend	dimmen:v
gedimd	dimmen:v
drinke	drinken:v
wanhopige	wanhopig:a
wanhopigen	wanhopige:n
koeltes	koelte:n
koeltje	koelte:n
harmonieën	harmonie:n
harmonietje	harmonie:n
onanieën	onanie:n
fixt	fixen:v
storme	stormen:v
zwammen	zwam:n
zwammetje	zwam:n
zwam	zwammen:v
gestalten	gestalte:n
grootcommandeurs	grootcommandeur:n
grootcommandeurtje	grootcommandeur:n
onregelmatigheden	onregelmatigheid:n
onregelmatigheidje	onregelmatigheid:n
treure	treuren:v
bekkens	bekken:n
bekkentje	bekken:n
bek	bekken:v
bekte	bekken:v
bekt	bekken:v
bekten	bekken:v
bekkend	bekken:v
gebekt	bekken:v
bekken	bek:n
hongeriger	hongerig:a
hongerigst	hongerig:a
hongerige	hongerig:a
hongerigere	hongerig:a
hongerigste	hongerig:a
slipt	slippen:v
bombardons	bombardon:n
bombardonnetje	bombardon:n
stuit	stuiten:v
stuitte	stuiten:v
stuitten	stuiten:v
gestuit	stuiten:v
stuiten	stuit:n
rijzwepen	rijzweep:n
rijzweepje	rijzweep:n
spitsroeden	spitsroede:n
spitsroedetje	spitsroede:n
fuifnummers	fuifnummer:n
fuifnummertje	fuifnummer:n
goestingen	goesting:n
goestinkje	goesting:n
fuiven	fuif:n
fuifje	fuif:n
aerodynamischer	aerodynamisch:a
aerodynamischt	aerodynamisch:a
aerodynamische	aerodynamisch:a
aerodynamischere	aerodynamisch:a
aerodynamischte	aerodynamisch:a
buro	bureau:n
onvoldoendes	onvoldoende:n
leeflonen	leefloon:n
leefloontje	leefloon:n
lichtekooien	lichtekooi:n
lichtekooitje	lichtekooi:n
opgetrokken	optrekken:v
imperialistischer	imperialistisch:a
imperialistischt	imperialistisch:a
imperialistische	imperialistisch:a
imperialistischere	imperialistisch:a
imperialistischte	imperialistisch:a
asymmetrischer	asymmetrisch:a
asymmetrischt	asymmetrisch:a
asymmetrische	asymmetrisch:a
asymmetrischere	asymmetrisch:a
asymmetrischte	asymmetrisch:a
symmetrischer	symmetrisch:a
symmetrischt	symmetrisch:a
symmetrische	symmetrisch:a
symmetrischere	symmetrisch:a
symmetrischte	symmetrisch:a
wrsch.	waarschijnlijk:d
vervlogen	vervliegen:v
amnestieën	amnestie:n
eurocenten	eurocent:n
eurocentje	eurocent:n
lere	leren:v
tellies	tellie:n
rumoerige	rumoerig:a
rumoeriger	rumoerig:a
rumoerigst	rumoerig:a
rumoerigere	rumoerig:a
rumoerigste	rumoerig:a
aromatischer	aromatisch:a
aromatischt	aromatisch:a
aromatische	aromatisch:a
aromatischere	aromatisch:a
aromatischte	aromatisch:a
forsch	fors:a|fors:d
gigantischer	gigantisch:a
gigantischt	gigantisch:a
gigantische	gigantisch:a
gigantischere	gigantisch:a
gigantischte	gigantisch:a
mythologische	mythologisch:a
dogmatische	dogmatisch:a
manischer	manisch:a
manische	manisch:a
manischere	manisch:a
manischte	manisch:a
klap	klappen:v
klapte	klappen:v
klapt	klappen:v
klapten	klappen:v
klappend	klappen:v
geklapt	klappen:v
klappen	klap:n
bijdehanter	bijdehand:a
bijdehandst	bijdehand:a
bijdehante	bijdehand:a
bijdehantere	bijdehand:a
bijdehandste	bijdehand:a
afritten	afrit:n
afritje	afrit:n
trekkingen	trekking:n
trekkinkje	trekking:n
markanter	markant:a
markantst	markant:a
markante	markant:a
markantere	markant:a
markantste	markant:a
eetstokjes	eetstokje:n
pijnlozer	pijnloos:a
pijnloost	pijnloos:a
pijnloze	pijnloos:a
pijnlozere	pijnloos:a
pijnlooste	pijnloos:a
beginne	beginnen:v|begin:n
afstof	afstoffen:v
afstofte	afstoffen:v
afstoft	afstoffen:v
afstoften	afstoffen:v
afstoffend	afstoffen:v
afgestoft	afstoffen:v
schizofrenieën	schizofrenie:n
schoolvossen	schoolvos:n
schoolvosje	schoolvos:n
teemsen	teems:n
teemsje	teems:n
ov	ov-chipkaart:n
voste	vossen:v
vost	vossen:v
vosten	vossen:v
vossend	vossen:v
gevost	vossen:v
blokte	blokken:v
blokt	blokken:v
blokten	blokken:v
blokkend	blokken:v
geblokt	blokken:v
lepe	leep:a
leper	leep:a
leepst	leep:a
lepere	leep:a
leepste	leep:a
vosrekels	vosrekel:n
vosrekeltje	vosrekel:n
rekelser	rekels:a
rekelst	rekels:a
rekelse	rekels:a
rekelsere	rekels:a
rekelste	rekels:a
schmink	schminken:v
schminkte	schminken:v
schminkt	schminken:v
schminkten	schminken:v
schminkend	schminken:v
geschminkt	schminken:v
boemel	boemeltrein:n|boemelen:v
boemels	boemel:n
boemeltje	boemel:n
littekens	litteken:n
littekentje	litteken:n
bestemmingen	bestemming:n
bestemminkje	bestemming:n
insla	inslaan:v
accordeons	accordeon:n
accordeonnetje	accordeon:n
eigennamen	eigennaam:n
eigennaampje	eigennaam:n
eruit	uit:d
hieronder	onder:d
frequenties	frequentie:n
frequentietje	frequentie:n
woonkamers	woonkamer:n
woonkamertje	woonkamer:n
boekenkasten	boekenkast:n
boekenkastje	boekenkast:n
boekerijen	boekerij:n
boekerijtje	boekerij:n
liefheb	liefhebben:v
liefhad	liefhebben:v
liefhebt	liefhebben:v
liefheeft	liefhebben:v
liefhadden	liefhebben:v
liefhebbend	liefhebben:v
liefgehad	liefhebben:v
absorbere	absorberen:v
hoeders	hoeder:n
hoedertje	hoeder:n
Friesen	Friese:n
Schweinhunde	Schweinhund:n
Schweinhunden	Schweinhund:n
Russinnen	Russin:n
Russinnetje	Russin:n
scheringen	schering:n
scherinkje	schering:n
hulpwerkwoorden	hulpwerkwoord:n
hulpwerkwoordje	hulpwerkwoord:n
lauwer	lauw:a
lauwst	lauw:a
lauwe	lauw:a
lauwere	lauw:a
lauwste	lauw:a
kirde	kirren:v
kirt	kirren:v
kirden	kirren:v
kirrend	kirren:v
gekird	kirren:v
kor	korren:v
korde	korren:v
korden	korren:v
korrend	korren:v
gekord	korren:v
gambieten	gambiet:n
gambietje	gambiet:n
8e	achtste:a
9e	negende:a
12e	twaalfde:a
erbarm	erbarmen:v
erbarmde	erbarmen:v
erbarmt	erbarmen:v
erbarmden	erbarmen:v
erbarmend	erbarmen:v
erbarmd	erbarmen:v
frambozen	framboos:n
framboosje	framboos:n
vreugdedansje	vreugdedans:n
vreugdedansen	vreugdedans:n
idealer	ideaal:a
ideaalst	ideaal:a
idealere	ideaal:a
ideaalste	ideaal:a
idealen	ideaal:n
ideaaltje	ideaal:n
baseer	baseren:v
baseerde	baseren:v
baseert	baseren:v
baseerden	baseren:v
baserend	baseren:v
gebaseerd	baseren:v
mep	meppen:v
mepte	meppen:v
mept	meppen:v
mepten	meppen:v
meppend	meppen:v
gemept	meppen:v
meppen	mep:n
vliegenmeppers	vliegenmepper:n
vliegenmeppertje	vliegenmepper:n
stalknechten	stalknecht:n
stalknechtje	stalknecht:n
pauwen	pauw:n
pauwtje	pauw:n
boerenzonen	boerenzoon:n
boerenzoons	boerenzoon:n
boerenzoontje	boerenzoon:n
boerenjongens	boerenjongen:n
boerenjongetje	boerenjongen:n
zwepen	zweep:n
zweepje	zweep:n
zweep	zwepen:v
heidenen	heiden:n
heidentje	heiden:n
corrigeer	corrigeren:v
corrigeerde	corrigeren:v
corrigeert	corrigeren:v
corrigeerden	corrigeren:v
corrigerend	corrigeren:v
gecorrigeerd	corrigeren:v
dagvaardingen	dagvaarding:n
dagvaardinkje	dagvaarding:n
plaatsigheden	plaatsigheid:n
nalatigheden	nalatigheid:n
nalatigheidje	nalatigheid:n
aktie	actie:n
vlugger	vlug:a
vlugst	vlug:a
vlugge	vlug:a
vluggere	vlug:a
vlugste	vlug:a
staafje	staaf:n|staf:n
zeilde	zeilen:v
zeilt	zeilen:v
zeilden	zeilen:v
zeilend	zeilen:v
gezeild	zeilen:v
Denen	Deen:n
Deentje	Deen:n
pianistes	pianiste:n
pianistetje	pianiste:n
wratten	wrat:n
wratje	wrat:n
aardwormen	aardworm:n
aardwormpje	aardworm:n
regenwormen	regenworm:n
regenwormpje	regenworm:n
wachtrijen	wachtrij:n
wachtrijtje	wachtrij:n
tatoeëer	tatoeëren:v
tatoeëerde	tatoeëren:v
tatoeëert	tatoeëren:v
tatoeëerden	tatoeëren:v
tatoeërend	tatoeëren:v
getatoeëerd	tatoeëren:v
pollepels	pollepel:n
pollepeltje	pollepel:n
tapijten	tapijt:n
tapijtje	tapijt:n
rozemarijnen	rozemarijn:n
rozemarijntje	rozemarijn:n
bezems	bezem:n
bezempje	bezem:n
bezem	bezemen:v
voorboden	voorbode:n
voorbodes	voorbode:n
voorbodetje	voorbode:n
kalmer	kalm:a
kalmst	kalm:a
kalme	kalm:a
kalmere	kalm:a|kalmeren:v
kalmste	kalm:a
Bosnischer	Bosnisch:a
Bosnischt	Bosnisch:a
Bosnische	Bosnisch:a
Bosnischere	Bosnisch:a
Bosnischte	Bosnisch:a
herbergen	herberg:n
herbergje	herberg:n
herberg	herbergen:v
positiever	positief:a
positiefst	positief:a
positieve	positief:a
positievere	positief:a
positiefste	positief:a
positieven	positief:n
vrekken	vrek:n
vrekje	vrek:n
vrekker	vrek:a
vrekst	vrek:a
vrekke	vrek:a
vrekkere	vrek:a
vrekste	vrek:a
Arabieren	Arabier:n
Arabiertje	Arabier:n
handschoenen	handschoen:n
handschoentje	handschoen:n
biologischer	biologisch:a
biologischt	biologisch:a
biologische	biologisch:a
biologischere	biologisch:a
biologischte	biologisch:a
sterfelijker	sterfelijk:a
sterfelijkst	sterfelijk:a
sterfelijke	sterfelijk:a
sterfelijkere	sterfelijk:a
sterfelijkste	sterfelijk:a
Occitaanser	Occitaans:a
Occitaanst	Occitaans:a
Occitaanse	Occitaans:a
Occitaansere	Occitaans:a
Occitaanste	Occitaans:a
kelners	kelner:n
kelnertje	kelner:n
verbuigingen	verbuiging:n
verbuiginkje	verbuiging:n
beleefder	beleefd:a
beleefdst	beleefd:a
beleefde	beleefd:a|beleven:v
beleefdere	beleefd:a
beleefdste	beleefd:a
beleefd	beleven:v
ketonen	keton:n
discrepanties	discrepantie:n
discrepantietje	discrepantie:n
magische	magisch:a
aquaristen	aquarist:n
magischer	magisch:a
magischt	magisch:a
magischere	magisch:a
magischte	magisch:a
syndromen	syndroom:n
pornografen	pornograaf:n
alleluja	halleluja:i|halleluja:n
epentheses	epenthese:n
lookt	luiken:v
vermarkt	vermarkten:n
vermarktte	vermarkten:n
vermarktten	vermarkten:n
vermarktend	vermarkten:n
artiesten	artiest:n
artiestje	artiest:n
seminaries	seminarie:n
revanchistischer	revanchistisch:a
revanchistischt	revanchistisch:a
revanchistische	revanchistisch:a
revanchistischere	revanchistisch:a
revanchistischte	revanchistisch:a
nederzettingen	nederzetting:n
nederzettinkje	nederzetting:n
handelsposten	handelspost:n
handelspostje	handelspost:n
gelegenheden	gelegenheid:n
gelegenheidje	gelegenheid:n
crassula's	crassula:n
crassulaatje	crassula:n
bassins	bassin:n
onwelvoeglijker	onwelvoeglijk:a
onwelvoeglijkst	onwelvoeglijk:a
onwelvoeglijke	onwelvoeglijk:a
onwelvoeglijkere	onwelvoeglijk:a
onwelvoeglijkste	onwelvoeglijk:a
trapt	trappen:v
tegenspoeden	tegenspoed:n
tegenspoedje	tegenspoed:n
zalmkleuriger	zalmkleurig:a
zalmkleurigst	zalmkleurig:a
zalmkleurige	zalmkleurig:a
zalmkleurigere	zalmkleurig:a
zalmkleurigste	zalmkleurig:a
krikken	krik:n
krikje	krik:n
vonnissen	vonnis:n
vonnisje	vonnis:n
kubussen	kubus:n
kuben	kubus:n
kubusje	kubus:n
roodborstje	roodborst:n
marters	marter:n
martertje	marter:n
gammeler	gammel:a
gammelst	gammel:a
gammele	gammel:a
gammelere	gammel:a
gammelste	gammel:a
atomen	atoom:n
atoompje	atoom:n
Belgischer	Belgisch:a
Belgischt	Belgisch:a
Belgische	Belgisch:a
Belgischere	Belgisch:a
Belgischte	Belgisch:a
Kirgizischer	Kirgizisch:a
Kirgizischt	Kirgizisch:a
Kirgizische	Kirgizisch:a
Kirgizischere	Kirgizisch:a
Kirgizischte	Kirgizisch:a
kristallen	kristal:n
kristalletje	kristal:n
weegschalen	weegschaal:n
weegschaaltje	weegschaal:n
kwesties	kwestie:n
kwestietje	kwestie:n
materialen	materiaal:n
materiaaltje	materiaal:n
stil	stillen:v
stilde	stillen:v
stilt	stillen:v
stilden	stillen:v
stillend	stillen:v
gestild	stillen:v
hinderde	hinderen:v
hindert	hinderen:v
hinderden	hinderen:v
hinderend	hinderen:v
gehinderd	hinderen:v
badkuipen	badkuip:n
badkuipje	badkuip:n
hysterischer	hysterisch:a
hysterische	hysterisch:a
hysterischere	hysterisch:a
identieker	identiek:a
identiekst	identiek:a
identieke	identiek:a
identiekere	identiek:a
identiekste	identiek:a
picknick	picknicken:v
picknickte	picknicken:v
picknickt	picknicken:v
picknickten	picknicken:v
picknickend	picknicken:v
gepicknickt	picknicken:v
smidsen	smidse:n
organellen	organel:n
organelletje	organel:n
huigen	huig:n
huigje	huig:n
affiches	affiche:n
golde	gelden:v
Noorser	Noors:a
Noorst	Noors:a
Noorse	Noors:a
Noorsere	Noors:a
Noorste	Noors:a
competities	competitie:n
competitietje	competitie:n
vlakten	vlakte:n
vlaktes	vlakte:n
vlaktetje	vlakte:n
kanalen	kanaal:n
kanaaltje	kanaal:n
gaffels	gaffel:n
gaffeltje	gaffel:n
abnormaler	abnormaal:a
abnormaalst	abnormaal:a
abnormale	abnormaal:a
abnormalere	abnormaal:a
abnormaalste	abnormaal:a
spraakkunsten	spraakkunst:n
spraakkunstje	spraakkunst:n
batterijen	batterij:n
batterijtje	batterij:n
lieveheersbeestjes	lieveheersbeestje:n
muildieren	muildier:n
muildiertje	muildier:n
tabakken	tabak:n
tabakje	tabak:n
rauwer	rauw:a
rauwst	rauw:a
rauwe	rauw:a
rauwere	rauw:a
rauwste	rauw:a
Afrikanen	Afrikaan:n
Afrikaantje	Afrikaan:n
behoor	behoren:v
behoorde	behoren:v
behoort	behoren:v
behoorden	behoren:v
behorend	behoren:v
behoord	behoren:v
synthetische	synthetisch:a
vermiste	vermissen:v|vermist:a
vermist	vermissen:v
vermisten	vermissen:v|vermiste:n
vermissend	vermissen:v
processies	processie:n
processietje	processie:n
leeghoofden	leeghoofd:n
leeghoofdje	leeghoofd:n
muleta's	muleta:n
muletaatje	muleta:n
idealistischer	idealistisch:a
idealistischt	idealistisch:a
idealistische	idealistisch:a
idealistischere	idealistisch:a
idealistischte	idealistisch:a
nominatieve	nominatief:a
nominatieven	nominatief:n
nominatiefje	nominatief:n
tonica's	tonica:n
Tibetaanser	Tibetaans:a
Tibetaanst	Tibetaans:a
Tibetaanse	Tibetaans:a
Tibetaansere	Tibetaans:a
Tibetaanste	Tibetaans:a
fenomenen	fenomeen:n
fenomeentje	fenomeen:n
tabellen	tabel:n
tabelletje	tabel:n
syllogismen	syllogisme:n
ambivalenties	ambivalentie:n
ambivalentietje	ambivalentie:n
inspan	inspannen:v
inspande	inspannen:v
inspant	inspannen:v
inspanden	inspannen:v
inspannend	inspannen:v
ingespannen	inspannen:v
vluchtstroken	vluchtstrook:n
vluchtstrookje	vluchtstrook:n
incontinenties	incontinentie:n
incontinentietje	incontinentie:n
muzikanten	muzikant:n
muzikantje	muzikant:n
musici	musicus:n
musicusje	musicus:n
accusatieven	accusatief:n
accusatiefje	accusatief:n
dementer	dement:a
dementst	dement:a
dementere	dement:a
dementste	dement:a
drankjes	drankje:n
gieriger	gierig:a
gierigst	gierig:a
gierige	gierig:a
gierigere	gierig:a
gierigste	gierig:a
wijsvingers	wijsvinger:n
wijsvingertje	wijsvinger:n
houtskolen	houtskool:n
houtskooltje	houtskool:n
hoofdletters	hoofdletter:n
hoofdlettertje	hoofdletter:n
nachtegalen	nachtegaal:n
nachtegaaltje	nachtegaal:n
geweren	geweer:n
geweertje	geweer:n
koordje	koord:n|koorde:n
busse	bussen:v
forellen	forel:n
forelletje	forel:n
kruiswoordraadsels	kruiswoordraadsel:n
kruiswoordraadseltje	kruiswoordraadsel:n
kruiswoordpuzzels	kruiswoordpuzzel:n
kruiswoordpuzzeltje	kruiswoordpuzzel:n
luitenanten	luitenant:n
luitenants	luitenant:n
luitenantje	luitenant:n
rechterhanden	rechterhand:n
rechterhandje	rechterhand:n
linkerhanden	linkerhand:n
linkerhandje	linkerhand:n
linkshandige	linkshandig:a
goudvissen	goudvis:n
goudvisje	goudvis:n
rechtshandige	rechtshandig:a
woerden	woerd:n
woerdje	woerd:n
cyclonen	cycloon:n
cycloontje	cycloon:n
adopteer	adopteren:v
adopteerde	adopteren:v
adopteert	adopteren:v
adopteerden	adopteren:v
adopterend	adopteren:v
geadopteerd	adopteren:v
analoge	analoog:a
slootje	sloot:n
oneindiger	oneindig:a
oneindigst	oneindig:a
oneindige	oneindig:a
oneindigere	oneindig:a
oneindigste	oneindig:a
brandweermannen	brandweerman:n
brandweerlieden	brandweerman:n|brandweermens:n
brandweerlui	brandweerman:n|brandweermens:n
brandweermannetje	brandweerman:n
kunstenaressen	kunstenares:n
kunstenaresje	kunstenares:n
creaties	creatie:n
creatietje	creatie:n
scheppingen	schepping:n
scheppinkje	schepping:n
onsterfelijker	onsterfelijk:a
onsterfelijkst	onsterfelijk:a
onsterfelijke	onsterfelijk:a
onsterfelijkere	onsterfelijk:a
onsterfelijkste	onsterfelijk:a
schoorstenen	schoorsteen:n
schoorsteentje	schoorsteen:n
voorstevens	voorsteven:n
voorsteventje	voorsteven:n
papegaaiduikers	papegaaiduiker:n
papegaaiduikertje	papegaaiduiker:n
dissociaties	dissociatie:n
secundaire	secundair:a
handdoeken	handdoek:n
handdoekje	handdoek:n
timmermannen	timmerman:n
timmerlieden	timmerman:n
timmerlui	timmerman:n
timmermannetje	timmerman:n
lijmde	lijmen:v
lijmt	lijmen:v
lijmden	lijmen:v
lijmend	lijmen:v
gelijmd	lijmen:v
archieven	archief:n
archiefje	archief:n
parabelen	parabel:n
parabels	parabel:n
parabeltje	parabel:n
scharnieren	scharnier:n
scharniertje	scharnier:n
weerstanden	weerstand:n
weerstandje	weerstand:n
nachtmerries	nachtmerrie:n
nachtmerrietje	nachtmerrie:n
klage	klagen:v
exorcismen	exorcisme:n
exorcismes	exorcisme:n
creolen	creool:n
creooltje	creool:n
poezie	poëzie:n
Slavischen	Slavische:n
Slavische	Slavisch:a
wafelijzers	wafelijzer:n
wafelijzertje	wafelijzer:n
amputeer	amputeren:v
amputeerde	amputeren:v
amputeert	amputeren:v
amputeerden	amputeren:v
amputerend	amputeren:v
geamputeerd	amputeren:v
watervliegtuigen	watervliegtuig:n
watervliegtuigje	watervliegtuig:n
voortdurende	voortdurend:a
doneer	doneren:v
doneerde	doneren:v
doneert	doneren:v
doneerden	doneren:v
donerend	doneren:v
gedoneerd	doneren:v
meertaligheden	meertaligheid:n
berouw	berouwen:v
berouwde	berouwen:v
berouwt	berouwen:v
berouwden	berouwen:v
berouwend	berouwen:v
berouwd	berouwen:v
perforators	perforator:n
perforatoren	perforator:n
perforatortje	perforator:n
mormels	mormel:n
mormeltje	mormel:n
garanties	garantie:n
garantietje	garantie:n
bedank	bedanken:v
bedankte	bedanken:v
bedankt	bedanken:v
bedankten	bedanken:v
bedankend	bedanken:v
gesneeuwd	sneeuwen:v
sneeuwde	sneeuwen:v
sneeuwt	sneeuwen:v
sneeuwden	sneeuwen:v
sneeuwend	sneeuwen:v
ge-e-maild	e-mailen:v
e-mail	e-mailen:v
e-mailde	e-mailen:v
e-mailt	e-mailen:v
e-mailden	e-mailen:v
e-mailend	e-mailen:v
ramde	rammen:v
ramt	rammen:v
ramden	rammen:v
rammend	rammen:v
geramd	rammen:v
appt	appen:v
overdoses	overdosis:n
boomend	boomen:v
kijkje	kijk:n
aanzwel	aanzwellen:v
aanzwol	aanzwellen:v
aanzwelt	aanzwellen:v
aanzwollen	aanzwellen:v
aanzwellend	aanzwellen:v
aangezwollen	aanzwellen:v
opzwel	opzwellen:v
opzwol	opzwellen:v
opzwelt	opzwellen:v
opzwollen	opzwellen:v
opzwellend	opzwellen:v
opgezwollen	opzwellen:v
zwel	zwellen:v
zwol	zwellen:v
zwelt	zwellen:v|zwelten:v
zwollen	zwellen:v
zwellend	zwellen:v
gezwollen	zwellen:v
soldaten	soldaat:n
soldaatje	soldaat:n
vulkanische	vulkanisch:a
punani's	punani:n
elektromotoren	elektromotor:n
ressources	ressource:n
minimalistischer	minimalistisch:a
minimalistischt	minimalistisch:a
minimalistische	minimalistisch:a
minimalistischere	minimalistisch:a
minimalistischte	minimalistisch:a
laurieren	laurier:n
lauriertje	laurier:n
bladzijden	bladzijde:n
bladzijdes	bladzijde:n
bladzijdetje	bladzijde:n
bedrieg	bedriegen:v
bedroog	bedriegen:v
bedriegt	bedriegen:v
bedrogen	bedriegen:v
bedriegend	bedriegen:v
noorderlingen	noorderling:n
noorderlingetje	noorderling:n
zuiderlingen	zuiderling:n
zuiderlingetje	zuiderling:n
oosterlingen	oosterling:n
oosterlingetje	oosterling:n
westerlingen	westerling:n
westerlingetje	westerling:n
baasjes	baasje:n
hoste	hossen:v
kog	kogge:n
kome	komen:v
duimde	duimen:v
duimt	duimen:v
duimden	duimen:v
duimend	duimen:v
geduimd	duimen:v
vondelingen	vondeling:n
vondelingetje	vondeling:n
komedies	komedie:n
komedietje	komedie:n
doorprik	doorprikken:v
doorprikte	doorprikken:v
doorprikt	doorprikken:v
doorprikten	doorprikken:v
doorprikkend	doorprikken:v
doorgeprikt	doorprikken:v
prik	prikken:v
prikte	prikken:v
prikt	prikken:v
prikten	prikken:v
prikkend	prikken:v
geprikt	prikken:v
prikken	prik:n
ontmasker	ontmaskeren:v
ontmaskerde	ontmaskeren:v
ontmaskert	ontmaskeren:v
ontmaskerden	ontmaskeren:v
ontmaskerend	ontmaskeren:v
ontmaskerd	ontmaskeren:v
decoraties	decoratie:n
decoratietje	decoratie:n
volbloeden	volbloed:n
volbloedje	volbloed:n
terminologieën	terminologie:n
terminologietje	terminologie:n
kapmessen	kapmes:n
kapmesje	kapmes:n
sektarischer	sektarisch:a
sektarischt	sektarisch:a
sektarische	sektarisch:a
sektarischere	sektarisch:a
sektarischte	sektarisch:a
sekten	sekte:n
sektes	sekte:n
sektetje	sekte:n
epische	episch:a
dienstplichtigen	dienstplichtige:n
dienstplichtige	dienstplichtig:a
gonaden	gonade:n
pikte	pikken:v
pikt	pikken:v
pikten	pikken:v
pikkend	pikken:v
gepikt	pikken:v
mopte	moppen:v
mopt	moppen:v
mopten	moppen:v
moppend	moppen:v
gemopt	moppen:v
schermutselingen	schermutseling:n
schermutselingetje	schermutseling:n
amida	Amida:m
kalk	kalken:v
neps	nep:a
paaseieren	paasei:n
paaseitje	paasei:n
stielmannen	stielman:n
stielmannetje	stielman:n
fall-outs	fall-out:n
edellieden	edelman:n
edelmannen	edelman:n
edelmannetje	edelman:n
kamde	kammen:v
kamt	kammen:v
kamden	kammen:v
kammend	kammen:v
gekamd	kammen:v
schoontje	schone:n
verschoon	verschonen:v
verschoonde	verschonen:v
verschoont	verschonen:v
verschoonden	verschonen:v
verschonend	verschonen:v
verschoond	verschonen:v
anarchistischer	anarchistisch:a
anarchistischt	anarchistisch:a
anarchistische	anarchistisch:a
anarchistischere	anarchistisch:a
anarchistischte	anarchistisch:a
krengen	kreng:n
krengetje	kreng:n
mende	mennen:v
kalbas	kalebas:n
kneuzingen	kneuzing:n
kneuzinkje	kneuzing:n
kneus	kneuzen:v
kneusde	kneuzen:v
kneust	kneuzen:v
kneusden	kneuzen:v
kneuzend	kneuzen:v
gekneusd	kneuzen:v
kneuzen	kneus:n
bezeer	bezeren:v
bezeerde	bezeren:v
bezeert	bezeren:v
bezeerden	bezeren:v
bezerend	bezeren:v
bezeerd	bezeren:v
Indischer	Indisch:a
Indische	Indisch:a
Indischere	Indisch:a
woordenlijsten	woordenlijst:n
woordenlijstje	woordenlijst:n
soeks	soek:n
soekje	soek:n
domkoppen	domkop:n
domkopje	domkop:n
idiootje	idioot:n
idiootst	idioot:a
idiotere	idioot:a
idiootste	idioot:a
gauwdiefje	gauwdief:n
kiekendieven	kiekendief:n
kiekendiefje	kiekendief:n
baande	banen:v
baant	banen:v
baanden	banen:v
banend	banen:v
gebaand	banen:v
griene	grienen:v
patissiers	patissier:n
patissiertje	patissier:n
trekke	trekken:v
barstje	barst:n
wassenaars	wassenaar:n
wassenaartje	wassenaar:n
verwelk	verwelken:v
verwelkte	verwelken:v
verwelkt	verwelken:v
verwelkten	verwelken:v
verwelkend	verwelken:v
welk	welken:v
welkte	welken:v
welkt	welken:v
welkten	welken:v
welkend	welken:v
gewelkt	welken:v
mokka's	mokka:n
mokkaatje	mokka:n
goedendags	goedendag:n
Bab.	Babylonisch:a
gaardje	gaard:n|gaarde:n
duizendpoten	duizendpoot:n
duizendpootje	duizendpoot:n
sonates	sonate:n
sonatetje	sonate:n
bewaringen	bewaring:n
cosinussen	cosinus:n
geldstraffen	geldstraf:n
geldstrafje	geldstraf:n
cisgenders	cisgender:n
krasten	krassen:v
krassend	krassen:v
gekrast	krassen:v
pornografes	pornografe:n
embolieën	embolie:n
embolietje	embolie:n
epici	epicus:n
rooi	rood:a|rooien:v
rooien	rooi:n|rooie:n
rooitje	rooi:n
rolstoelen	rolstoel:n
rolstoeltje	rolstoel:n
melkboeren	melkboer:n
melkboertje	melkboer:n
prees	prijzen:v
prijst	prijzen:v
prezen	prijzen:v
prijzend	prijzen:v
geprezen	prijzen:v
prijsde	prijzen:v
prijsden	prijzen:v
geprijsd	prijzen:v
schepje	schep:n
recyclages	recyclage:n
camemberts	camembert:n
camembertje	camembert:n
molke	melken:v
panaceeën	panacee:n
panacees	panacee:n
panaceetje	panacee:n
gebruiksters	gebruikster:n
gebruikstertje	gebruikster:n
keuzen	keuze:n
keuzes	keuze:n
keuzetje	keuze:n
orale	oraal:a
kladden	klad:n
kladje	klad:n
klad	kladden:v
feillozer	feilloos:a
feilloost	feilloos:a
feilloze	feilloos:a
feillozere	feilloos:a
feillooste	feilloos:a
vlekkelozer	vlekkeloos:a
vlekkeloost	vlekkeloos:a
vlekkeloze	vlekkeloos:a
vlekkelozere	vlekkeloos:a
vlekkelooste	vlekkeloos:a
overtuigingen	overtuiging:n
overtuiginkje	overtuiging:n
gemenebesten	gemenebest:n
gemenebestje	gemenebest:n
amatrice	amateur:n
halsdoeken	halsdoek:n
halsdoekje	halsdoek:n
voorhistorische	voorhistorisch:a
antifascisten	antifascist:n
antifascistje	antifascist:n
Algerijnse	Algerijns:a
toucheer	toucheren:v
toucheerde	toucheren:v
toucheert	toucheren:v
toucheerden	toucheren:v
toucherend	toucheren:v
getoucheerd	toucheren:v
supercoole	supercool:a
visgraten	visgraat:n
visgraatje	visgraat:n
stoomfluiten	stoomfluit:n
stoomfluitje	stoomfluit:n
blindetje	blinde:n
stript	strippen:v
buisde	buizen:v
buist	buizen:v
buisden	buizen:v
buizend	buizen:v
gebuisd	buizen:v
pornograafje	pornograaf:n
klopgeesten	klopgeest:n
klopgeestje	klopgeest:n
kartels	kartel:n
kartelletje	kartel:n
karteltje	kartel:n
pasbeurten	pasbeurt:n
pasbeurtje	pasbeurt:n
thema's	thema:n
themata	thema:n
themaatje	thema:n
piere	pieren:v
bruidegoms	bruidegom:n
bruidegommetje	bruidegom:n
schokkende	schokkend:a
autocues	autocue:n
schenners	schenner:n
schennertje	schenner:n
documentaires	documentaire:n
documentairetje	documentaire:n
weekeinden	weekeinde:n|weekeind:n
weekeindes	weekeinde:n
weekeindje	weekeinde:n|weekeind:n
huistaken	huistaak:n
huistaakje	huistaak:n
kelders	kelder:n
keldertje	kelder:n
kelder	kelderen:v
magistraten	magistraat:n
magistraatje	magistraat:n
emmerde	emmeren:v
alfabetische	alfabetisch:a
dateer	dateren:v
dateerde	dateren:v
dateert	dateren:v
dateerden	dateren:v
daterend	dateren:v
gedateerd	dateren:v
verzend	verzenden:v
verzond	verzenden:v
verzendt	verzenden:v
verzonden	verzenden:v
verzendend	verzenden:v
duplo's	duplo:n
accessoires	accessoire:n
medeplichtiger	medeplichtig:a
medeplichtigst	medeplichtig:a
medeplichtige	medeplichtig:a
medeplichtigere	medeplichtig:a
medeplichtigste	medeplichtig:a
Japanners	Japanner:n
Japannertje	Japanner:n
schrikkeljaren	schrikkeljaar:n
schrikkeljaartje	schrikkeljaar:n
astronautes	astronaute:n
astronautetje	astronaute:n
roddels	roddel:n
roddeltje	roddel:n
roddel	roddelen:v
kettingen	ketting:n
kettinkje	ketting:n
mosterds	mosterd:n
mosterdje	mosterd:n
avocadobomen	avocadoboom:n
avocadoboompje	avocadoboom:n
dronten	dronte:n
handpalmen	handpalm:n
handpalmpje	handpalm:n
berinnen	berin:n
berinnetje	berin:n
voorstanders	voorstander:n
voorstandertje	voorstander:n
ontsla	ontslaan:v
ontsloeg	ontslaan:v
ontslaat	ontslaan:v
ontsloegen	ontslaan:v
ontslaand	ontslaan:v
snotneuzen	snotneus:n
snotneusje	snotneus:n
triades	triade:n
triadetje	triade:n
snotapen	snotaap:n
snotaapje	snotaap:n
vormde	vormen:v
vormt	vormen:v
vormden	vormen:v
vormend	vormen:v
gevormd	vormen:v
terzinen	terzine:n
crimineler	crimineel:a
crimineelst	crimineel:a
criminele	crimineel:a
criminelere	crimineel:a
crimineelste	crimineel:a
criminelen	crimineel:n
crimineeltje	crimineel:n
hemden	hemd:n
hemdje	hemd:n
substanties	substantie:n
substantietje	substantie:n
secretaressen	secretaresse:n
secretaresses	secretaresse:n
secretaressetje	secretaresse:n
metaforen	metafoor:n
metafoortje	metafoor:n
kostscholen	kostschool:n
kostschooltje	kostschool:n
pierden	pieren:v
leentje	leen:n
kidnappe	kidnappen:v
artisjokken	artisjok:n
artisjokje	artisjok:n
ertsen	erts:n
binde	binden:v
sekses	sekse:n
agressies	agressie:n
agressietje	agressie:n
karn	karnen:v
karnde	karnen:v
karnt	karnen:v
karnden	karnen:v
karnend	karnen:v
gekarnd	karnen:v
attenter	attent:a
attentst	attent:a
attente	attent:a
attentere	attent:a
attentste	attent:a
schaduwde	schaduwen:v
schaduwt	schaduwen:v
schaduwden	schaduwen:v
schaduwend	schaduwen:v
geschaduwd	schaduwen:v
angstpsychosen	angstpsychose:n
angstpsychoses	angstpsychose:n
angstpsychosetje	angstpsychose:n
vliegvelden	vliegveld:n
vliegveldje	vliegveld:n
fixe	fixen:v
stoppe	stoppen:v
kroonde	kronen:v
kroont	kronen:v
kroonden	kronen:v
kronend	kronen:v
gekroond	kronen:v
kreun	kreunen:v
kreunde	kreunen:v
kreunt	kreunen:v
kreunden	kreunen:v
kreunend	kreunen:v
gekreund	kreunen:v
comptant	contant:d
flirte	flirten:v
tournée	tournee:n
gênanter	gênant:a
gênantst	gênant:a
poppe	poppen:v
vijlen	vijl:n
vijltje	vijl:n
vijl	vijlen:v
boude	boud:a
happe	happen:v
schop	schoppen:v
schopte	schoppen:v
schopt	schoppen:v
schopten	schoppen:v
schoppend	schoppen:v
geschopt	schoppen:v
schoppens	schoppen:n
schoppentje	schoppen:n
schoppen	schop:n
kickte	kicken:v
kickt	kicken:v
kickten	kicken:v
kickend	kicken:v
gekickt	kicken:v
overzet	overzetten:v
overzette	overzetten:v
overzettend	overzetten:v
overgezet	overzetten:v
schopje	schop:n
encyclopedisten	encyclopedist:n
labyrinten	labyrint:n
labyrintje	labyrint:n
dageraden	dageraad:n
dageraadje	dageraad:n
contante	contant:a
roeken	roek:n
roekje	roek:n
roek	roeken:v
apenstaartje	apenstaart:n
apenstaartjes	apenstaartje:n
functioneer	functioneren:v
functioneerde	functioneren:v
functioneert	functioneren:v
functioneerden	functioneren:v
functionerend	functioneren:v
gefunctioneerd	functioneren:v
eponieme	eponiem:a
eponiemen	eponiem:n
eponiempje	eponiem:n
stoommachines	stoommachine:n
stoommachientje	stoommachine:n
stoommachinetje	stoommachine:n
kleermakers	kleermaker:n
kleermakertje	kleermaker:n
Venetiaanser	Venetiaans:a
Venetiaanst	Venetiaans:a
Venetiaanse	Venetiaans:a
Venetiaansere	Venetiaans:a
Venetiaanste	Venetiaans:a
surrealistischer	surrealistisch:a
surrealistischt	surrealistisch:a
surrealistische	surrealistisch:a
surrealistischere	surrealistisch:a
surrealistischte	surrealistisch:a
banaler	banaal:a
potplanten	potplant:n
potplantje	potplant:n
schaven	schaaf:n
schaafje	schaaf:n
schaaf	schaven:v
pijlen	pijl:n
pijltje	pijl:n
gordels	gordel:n
gordeltje	gordel:n
doften	doft:n
doftje	doft:n
teven	teef:n
teefje	teef:n
amandelen	amandel:n
amandeltje	amandel:n
amandelbomen	amandelboom:n
amandelboompje	amandelboom:n
verwarm	verwarmen:v
verwarmde	verwarmen:v
verwarmt	verwarmen:v
verwarmden	verwarmen:v
verwarmend	verwarmen:v
verwarmd	verwarmen:v
beschadig	beschadigen:v
beschadigde	beschadigen:v
beschadigt	beschadigen:v
beschadigden	beschadigen:v
beschadigend	beschadigen:v
beschadigd	beschadigen:v
tempels	tempel:n
tempelen	tempel:n
tempeltje	tempel:n
lesbiennes	lesbienne:n
Mongoolser	Mongools:a
Mongoolst	Mongools:a
Mongoolse	Mongools:a
Mongoolsere	Mongools:a
Mongoolste	Mongools:a
creusen	creuse:n
creuses	creuse:n
funester	funest:a
funestst	funest:a
funeste	funest:a
funestere	funest:a
funestste	funest:a
Tadzjiekser	Tadzjieks:a
Tadzjiekst	Tadzjieks:a
Tadzjiekse	Tadzjieks:a
Tadzjieksere	Tadzjieks:a
Tadzjiekste	Tadzjieks:a
onzichtbaarder	onzichtbaar:a
onzichtbaarst	onzichtbaar:a
onzichtbare	onzichtbaar:a
onzichtbaardere	onzichtbaar:a
onzichtbaarste	onzichtbaar:a
vijfhoeken	vijfhoek:n
vijfhoekje	vijfhoek:n
slipte	slippen:v
slipten	slippen:v
slippend	slippen:v
geslipt	slippen:v
uitglij	uitglijden:v
uitglijd	uitglijden:v
uitgleed	uitglijden:v
uitglijdt	uitglijden:v
uitgleden	uitglijden:v
uitglijdend	uitglijden:v
uitgegleden	uitglijden:v
orkanen	orkaan:n
orkaantje	orkaan:n
draken	draak:n
draakje	draak:n
kentaur	centaur:n
hommels	hommel:n
hommeltje	hommel:n
stuurboorden	stuurboord:n
stuurboordje	stuurboord:n
selderijtje	selderij:n
selderie	selderij:n
voorhoofden	voorhoofd:n
voorhoofdje	voorhoofd:n
spinazies	spinazie:n
preien	prei:n
preitje	prei:n
dieselmotoren	dieselmotor:n
dieselmotors	dieselmotor:n
dieselmotortje	dieselmotor:n
leraren	leraar:n
leraartje	leraar:n
onderwijzeressen	onderwijzeres:n
onderwijzeresje	onderwijzeres:n
spanbroeken	spanbroek:n
spanbroekje	spanbroek:n
jichten	jicht:n
ratelslangen	ratelslang:n
ratelslangetje	ratelslang:n
kraanvogels	kraanvogel:n
kraanvogeltje	kraanvogel:n
hijskranen	hijskraan:n
hijskraantje	hijskraan:n
vink	slavink:n|vinken:v
vinken	vink:n
vinkje	vink:n
aforismen	aforisme:n
aforismetje	aforisme:n
flippe	flippen:v
reacties	reactie:n
reactietje	reactie:n
restanten	restant:n
restantje	restant:n
soja's	soja:n
sojaatje	soja:n
verhinder	verhinderen:v
verhinderde	verhinderen:v
verhindert	verhinderen:v
verhinderden	verhinderen:v
verhinderend	verhinderen:v
verhinderd	verhinderen:v
koppels	koppel:n
koppeltje	koppel:n
mijten	mijt:n
mijtje	mijt:n
tandartsen	tandarts:n
tandartsje	tandarts:n
zwermen	zwerm:n
zwermpje	zwerm:n
amoeben	amoebe:n
amoebes	amoebe:n
amoebetje	amoebe:n
kletsmajoors	kletsmajoor:n
kletsmajoortje	kletsmajoor:n
majoors	majoor:n
majoortje	majoor:n
klaprozen	klaproos:n
klaproosje	klaproos:n
bloesen	bloes:n
bloezen	bloes:n
bloesje	bloes:n
lokte	lokken:v
lokt	lokken:v
lokten	lokken:v
lokkend	lokken:v
gelokt	lokken:v
bijgeloven	bijgeloof:n
bijgeloofje	bijgeloof:n
postbodes	postbode:n
postbodetje	postbode:n
facteurs	facteur:n
facteurtje	facteur:n
facteureke	facteur:n
krachs	krach:n
krachje	krach:n
contrabassen	contrabas:n
contrabasje	contrabas:n
kokosnoten	kokosnoot:n
kokosnootje	kokosnoot:n
brandstichtingen	brandstichting:n
brandstichtinkje	brandstichting:n
vaderlanden	vaderland:n
vaderlandje	vaderland:n
appelbomen	appelboom:n
appelboompje	appelboom:n
nepotismes	nepotisme:n
nepotismetje	nepotisme:n
wals	walsen:v
walste	walsen:v
walst	walsen:v
walsten	walsen:v
walsend	walsen:v
gewalst	walsen:v
walsen	wals:n
roereieren	roerei:n
roereitje	roerei:n
mierenneukers	mierenneuker:n
mierenneukertje	mierenneuker:n
mierenneukerke	mierenneuker:n
kwaliteiten	kwaliteit:n
kwaliteitje	kwaliteit:n
beperkingen	beperking:n
beperkinkje	beperking:n
etages	etage:n
etagetje	etage:n
leningen	lening:n
leninkje	lening:n
oxyde	oxide:n
vergrotingen	vergroting:n
vergrotinkje	vergroting:n
verminderingen	vermindering:n
verminderingetje	vermindering:n
verbredingen	verbreding:n
verbredinkje	verbreding:n
correctoren	corrector:n
correctors	corrector:n
ijsbeerde	ijsberen:v
ijsbeert	ijsberen:v
ijsbeerden	ijsberen:v
ijsberend	ijsberen:v
geijsbeerd	ijsberen:v
regelneven	regelneef:n
regelneefje	regelneef:n
generaal-majoors	generaal-majoor:n
generaal-majoortje	generaal-majoor:n
lotelingen	loteling:n
lotelingetje	loteling:n
lootte	loten:v
lootten	loten:v
lotend	loten:v
geloot	loten:v
kastrol	kasserol:n
huismuizen	huismuis:n
huismuisje	huismuis:n
luitenant-generaals	luitenant-generaal:n
luitenant-generaaltje	luitenant-generaal:n
uitdagingen	uitdaging:n
uitdaginkje	uitdaging:n
voorspelbaarheden	voorspelbaarheid:n
voorspelbaarheidje	voorspelbaarheid:n
voorspelbaarder	voorspelbaar:a
voorspelbaarst	voorspelbaar:a
voorspelbare	voorspelbaar:a
voorspelbaardere	voorspelbaar:a
voorspelbaarste	voorspelbaar:a
onvoorspelbaarder	onvoorspelbaar:a
onvoorspelbaarst	onvoorspelbaar:a
onvoorspelbare	onvoorspelbaar:a
onvoorspelbaardere	onvoorspelbaar:a
onvoorspelbaarste	onvoorspelbaar:a
boycotte	boycotten:v
drinkgelden	drinkgeld:n
drinkgeldje	drinkgeld:n
fooien	fooi:n
fooitje	fooi:n
wrenser	wrens:a
wrenst	wrens:a|wrensen:v
wrense	wrens:a
wrensere	wrens:a
wrenste	wrens:a|wrensen:v
crashe	crashen:v
verleng	verlengen:v
verlengde	verlengen:v|verlengd:a
verlengt	verlengen:v
verlengden	verlengen:v
verlengend	verlengen:v
verlengd	verlengen:v
verlang	verlangen:v
verlangde	verlangen:v
verlangt	verlangen:v
verlangden	verlangen:v
verlangend	verlangen:v
verlangd	verlangen:v
verlangens	verlangen:n
systemen	systeem:n
systeempje	systeem:n
metrohaltes	metrohalte:n
metrohaltetje	metrohalte:n
spitsuren	spitsuur:n
spitsuurtje	spitsuur:n
oplaad	opladen:v
oplaadde	opladen:v
oplaadt	opladen:v
oplaadden	opladen:v
opladend	opladen:v
opgeladen	opladen:v
faillieter	failliet:a
faillietst	failliet:a
failliete	failliet:a
faillietere	failliet:a
faillietste	failliet:a
faillieten	failliet:n
afslank	afslanken:v
afslankte	afslanken:v
afslankt	afslanken:v
afslankten	afslanken:v
afslankend	afslanken:v
afgeslankt	afslanken:v
slanker	slank:a
slankst	slank:a
slanke	slank:a
slankere	slank:a
slankste	slank:a
doorstarts	doorstart:n
doorstartje	doorstart:n
rittens	ritten:n
rittentje	ritten:n
rittend	ritten:v
gerit	ritten:v
testrit	testritten:v
testritte	testritten:v
testrittend	testritten:v
getestrit	testritten:v
gedeeltelijke	gedeeltelijk:a
rijbanen	rijbaan:n
rijbaantje	rijbaan:n
rijstroken	rijstrook:n
rijstrookje	rijstrook:n
stroken	strook:n
strookje	strook:n
tweebaanse	tweebaans:a
enkelbaanse	enkelbaans:a
toedrachten	toedracht:n
toedrachtje	toedracht:n
samenlopen	samenloop:n
samenloopje	samenloop:n
naderde	naderen:v
nadert	naderen:v
naderden	naderen:v
naderend	naderen:v
genaderd	naderen:v
dekkingen	dekking:n
dekkinkje	dekking:n
dekte	dekken:v
dekt	dekken:v
dekten	dekken:v
dekkend	dekken:v
gedekt	dekken:v
woed	woeden:v
woedde	woeden:v
woedt	woeden:v
woedden	woeden:v
woedend	woeden:v
gewoed	woeden:v
uitbrand	uitbranden:v
uitbrandde	uitbranden:v
uitbrandt	uitbranden:v
uitbrandden	uitbranden:v
uitbrandend	uitbranden:v
uitgebrand	uitbranden:v
kortsluitingen	kortsluiting:n
kortsluitinkje	kortsluiting:n
heringebruiknames	heringebruikname:n
omvangrijker	omvangrijk:a
omvangrijkst	omvangrijk:a
omvangrijke	omvangrijk:a
omvangrijkere	omvangrijk:a
omvangrijkste	omvangrijk:a
vakmanschappen	vakmanschap:n
vakmanschapje	vakmanschap:n
telgen	telg:n
telgje	telg:n
terechter	terecht:a
terechtst	terecht:a
terechte	terecht:a
terechtere	terecht:a
terechtste	terecht:a
dirigenten	dirigent:n
dirigentje	dirigent:n
logés	logé:n
logeetje	logé:n|logee:n
associés	associé:n
associeetje	associé:n
vruchtbaarheden	vruchtbaarheid:n
vruchtbaarder	vruchtbaar:a
vruchtbaarst	vruchtbaar:a
vruchtbare	vruchtbaar:a
vruchtbaardere	vruchtbaar:a
vruchtbaarste	vruchtbaar:a
vreugden	vreugde:n
vreugdes	vreugde:n
vreugdetje	vreugde:n
unies	unie:n
unietje	unie:n
beschermsters	beschermster:n
beschermstertje	beschermster:n
duisterder	duister:a
duisterst	duister:a
duistere	duister:a
duisterdere	duister:a
duisterste	duister:a
verduister	verduisteren:v
verduisterde	verduisteren:v
verduistert	verduisteren:v
verduisterden	verduisteren:v
verduisterend	verduisteren:v
verduisterd	verduisteren:v
verduisteringen	verduistering:n
verduisteringetje	verduistering:n
verduisterinkje	verduistering:n
zonsverduisteringen	zonsverduistering:n
zonsverduisterinkje	zonsverduistering:n
waarneembare	waarneembaar:a
vereer	vereren:v
vereerde	vereren:v
vereert	vereren:v
vereerden	vereren:v
vererend	vereren:v
vereerd	vereren:v
vertrouwder	vertrouwd:a
vertrouwdst	vertrouwd:a
vertrouwdere	vertrouwd:a
vertrouwdste	vertrouwd:a
vanzelfsprekender	vanzelfsprekend:a
vanzelfsprekendst	vanzelfsprekend:a
vanzelfsprekende	vanzelfsprekend:a
vanzelfsprekendere	vanzelfsprekend:a
vanzelfsprekendste	vanzelfsprekend:a
vakmannen	vakman:n
vakmannetje	vakman:n
meesterschappen	meesterschap:n
meesterschapje	meesterschap:n
maatschappen	maatschap:n
maatschapje	maatschap:n
belemmer	belemmeren:v
belemmerde	belemmeren:v
belemmert	belemmeren:v
belemmerden	belemmeren:v
belemmerend	belemmeren:v
belemmerd	belemmeren:v
knijpkatten	knijpkat:n
knijpkatje	knijpkat:n
pushbacks	pushback:n
pushbackje	pushback:n
blaasje	blaas:n
blaasinstrumenten	blaasinstrument:n
blaasinstrumentje	blaasinstrument:n
wraakzuchtiger	wraakzuchtig:a
wraakzuchtigst	wraakzuchtig:a
wraakzuchtige	wraakzuchtig:a
wraakzuchtigere	wraakzuchtig:a
wraakzuchtigste	wraakzuchtig:a
toegestane	toegestaan:a
katachtiger	katachtig:a
katachtigst	katachtig:a
katachtigere	katachtig:a
katachtigste	katachtig:a
zachtaardiger	zachtaardig:a
zachtaardigst	zachtaardig:a
zachtaardige	zachtaardig:a
zachtaardigere	zachtaardig:a
zachtaardigste	zachtaardig:a
huisvrouwen	huisvrouw:n
huisvrouwtje	huisvrouw:n
taalkundigen	taalkundige:n
taalkundige	taalkundig:a
linguïsten	linguïst:n
linguïstje	linguïst:n
voltrek	voltrekken:v
voltrok	voltrekken:v
voltrekt	voltrekken:v
voltrokken	voltrekken:v
voltrekkend	voltrekken:v
duurten	duurte:n
duurtes	duurte:n
belichamingen	belichaming:n
fysica's	fysica:n
fysicaatje	fysica:n
reuen	reu:n
reus	reu:n
reutje	reu:n
landkaarten	landkaart:n
landkaartje	landkaart:n
trompettiste	trompettist:n
stromen	stroom:n
stroompje	stroom:n
stroom	stromen:v
stroomgebieden	stroomgebied:n
stroomgebiedje	stroomgebied:n
serviezen	servies:n
serviesje	servies:n
aanwijzingen	aanwijzing:n
aanwijzinkje	aanwijzing:n
fikser	fiks:a
fikst	fiks:a|fiksen:v
fikse	fiks:a|fiksen:v
fiksere	fiks:a
fikste	fiks:a|fiksen:v
fiks	fiksen:v
leesten	leest:n
leestje	leest:n
stapels	stapel:n
stapeltje	stapel:n
stapel	stapelen:v
vergezel	vergezellen:v
vergezelde	vergezellen:v
vergezelt	vergezellen:v
vergezelden	vergezellen:v
vergezellend	vergezellen:v
vergezeld	vergezellen:v
knusser	knus:a
knust	knus:a
knusse	knus:a
knussere	knus:a
knuste	knus:a
knutten	knut:n
knutje	knut:n
stijve	stijf:a
stijven	stijve:n
statistische	statistisch:a
epistels	epistel:n
episteltje	epistel:n
teints	teint:n
teintje	teint:n
peins	peinzen:v
nationale	nationaal:a
onkruiden	onkruid:n
onkruidje	onkruid:n
hulle	hullen:v
meedeel	meedelen:v
meedeelde	meedelen:v
meedeelt	meedelen:v
meedeelden	meedelen:v
meedelend	meedelen:v
meegedeeld	meedelen:v
opheffen	ophef:n
ophefje	ophef:n
rellen	rel:n
relletje	rel:n
rel	rellen:v
toespelingen	toespeling:n
toespelinkje	toespeling:n
inging	ingaan:v
ingaat	ingaan:v
ingingen	ingaan:v
ingaand	ingaan:v
ingegaan	ingaan:v
vastbind	vastbinden:v
vastbond	vastbinden:v
vastbindt	vastbinden:v
vastbonden	vastbinden:v
vastbindend	vastbinden:v
vastgebonden	vastbinden:v
gijzelingen	gijzeling:n
gijzelingetje	gijzeling:n
ondernemers	ondernemer:n
ondernemertje	ondernemer:n
douanen	douane:n
douanes	douane:n
aangiften	aangifte:n
aangiftes	aangifte:n
aangiftetje	aangifte:n
misdrijven	misdrijf:n
misdrijfje	misdrijf:n
overtredingen	overtreding:n
overtredinkje	overtreding:n
viere	vieren:v
granaten	granaat:n
granaatje	granaat:n
verwarringen	verwarring:n
verwarrinkje	verwarring:n
landingsbanen	landingsbaan:n
landingsbaantje	landingsbaan:n
kaartte	kaarten:v
kaartten	kaarten:v
kaartend	kaarten:v
gekaart	kaarten:v
berechtig	berechtigen:v
berechtigde	berechtigen:v|berechtigd:a
berechtigt	berechtigen:v
berechtigden	berechtigen:v
berechtigend	berechtigen:v
berechtigd	berechtigen:v
nastreef	nastreven:v
nastreefde	nastreven:v
nastreeft	nastreven:v
nastreefden	nastreven:v
nastrevend	nastreven:v
nagestreefd	nastreven:v
kerstfeesten	kerstfeest:n
kerstfeestje	kerstfeest:n
assortimenten	assortiment:n
assortimentje	assortiment:n
verschuivingen	verschuiving:n
verschuivinkje	verschuiving:n
verzetje	verzet:n
verzet	verzetten:v
leuzen	leuze:n
leusje	leuze:n
onderdrukkingen	onderdrukking:n
onderdrukkinkje	onderdrukking:n
printte	printen:v
printten	printen:v
printend	printen:v
geprint	printen:v
splitste	splitsen:v
splitst	splitsen:v
splitsten	splitsen:v
splitsend	splitsen:v
gesplitst	splitsen:v
zoolde	zolen:v
zoolt	zolen:v
zoolden	zolen:v
zolend	zolen:v
gezoold	zolen:v
loodsen	loods:n
loodsje	loods:n
loods	loodsen:v
halogeniden	halogenide:n
halogenides	halogenide:n
oke	oké:i
onomatopeeën	onomatopee:n
onomatopeetje	onomatopee:n
Laotiaanser	Laotiaans:a
Laotiaanst	Laotiaans:a
Laotiaanse	Laotiaans:a
Laotiaansere	Laotiaans:a
Laotiaanste	Laotiaans:a
gembers	gember:n
misse	missen:v
biocides	biocide:n
biociden	biocide:n
alpiener	alpien:a
alpienst	alpien:a
alpiene	alpien:a
alpienere	alpien:a
alpienste	alpien:a
roem	roemen:v
toverstaven	toverstaf:n
toverstafje	toverstaf:n
oksels	oksel:n
okseltje	oksel:n
rooide	rooien:v
rooit	rooien:v
rooiden	rooien:v
rooiend	rooien:v
gerooid	rooien:v
opschrijf	opschrijven:v
opschreef	opschrijven:v
opschrijft	opschrijven:v
opschreven	opschrijven:v
opschrijvend	opschrijven:v
opgeschreven	opschrijven:v
vijandiger	vijandig:a
vijandigst	vijandig:a
vijandige	vijandig:a
vijandigere	vijandig:a
vijandigste	vijandig:a
rondtrek	rondtrekken:v
rondtrok	rondtrekken:v
rondtrekt	rondtrekken:v
rondtrokken	rondtrekken:v
rondtrekkend	rondtrekken:v
rondgetrokken	rondtrekken:v
vreemdga	vreemdgaan:v
vreemdging	vreemdgaan:v
vreemdgaat	vreemdgaan:v
vreemdgingen	vreemdgaan:v
vreemdgaand	vreemdgaan:v
vreemdgegaan	vreemdgaan:v
beschrijvender	beschrijvend:a
beschrijvendst	beschrijvend:a
beschrijvende	beschrijvend:a
beschrijvendere	beschrijvend:a
beschrijvendste	beschrijvend:a
organiseer	organiseren:v
organiseerde	organiseren:v
organiseert	organiseren:v
organiseerden	organiseren:v
organiserend	organiseren:v
georganiseerd	organiseren:v
aanvaard	aanvaarden:v
aanvaardde	aanvaarden:v
aanvaardt	aanvaarden:v
aanvaardden	aanvaarden:v
aanvaardend	aanvaarden:v
tamarinden	tamarinde:n
tamarindes	tamarinde:n
tandpasta's	tandpasta:n
tandpastaatje	tandpasta:n
voorhoedes	voorhoede:n
voorhoeden	voorhoede:n
voorhoedetje	voorhoede:n
ontvoer	ontvoeren:v|ontvaren:v
ontvoerde	ontvoeren:v
ontvoert	ontvoeren:v
ontvoerden	ontvoeren:v
ontvoerend	ontvoeren:v
ontvoerd	ontvoeren:v
bestanddelen	bestanddeel:n
bestanddeeltje	bestanddeel:n
draaien	draai:n
draaitje	draai:n
uitverkopen	uitverkoop:n
uitverkoop	uitverkopen:v
uitverkocht	uitverkopen:v
uitverkoopt	uitverkopen:v
uitverkochten	uitverkopen:v
uitverkopend	uitverkopen:v
huiken	huik:n
huik	huiken:v
huikte	huiken:v
huikt	huiken:v
huikten	huiken:v
huikend	huiken:v
gehuikt	huiken:v
waterstofperoxiden	waterstofperoxide:n
waterstofperoxides	waterstofperoxide:n
modistes	modiste:n
eenduidiger	eenduidig:a
eenduidigst	eenduidig:a
eenduidige	eenduidig:a
eenduidigere	eenduidig:a
eenduidigste	eenduidig:a
herneem	hernemen:v
hernam	hernemen:v
herneemt	hernemen:v
hernamen	hernemen:v
hernemend	hernemen:v
hernomen	hernemen:v
terugneem	terugnemen:v
terugnam	terugnemen:v
terugneemt	terugnemen:v
terugnamen	terugnemen:v
terugnemend	terugnemen:v
teruggenomen	terugnemen:v
snakke	snakken:v
abonnementen	abonnement:n
abonnementje	abonnement:n
negere	negeren:v
paitje	pait:n
limonades	limonade:n
limonadetje	limonade:n
verdachter	verdacht:a
verdachtst	verdacht:a
verdachtere	verdacht:a
verdachtste	verdacht:a
verdachtje	verdacht:n
ij's	ij:n
ijtje	ij:n
pennenzakken	pennenzak:n
pennenzakje	pennenzak:n
niezen	nies:n
niesje	nies:n
nies	niezen:v
opposanten	opposant:n
opposantje	opposant:n
basketballers	basketballer:n
basketballertje	basketballer:n
dysenterieën	dysenterie:n
sollicitanten	sollicitant:n
sollicitantje	sollicitant:n
verfransingen	verfransing:n
triplans	triplan:n
epopeeën	epopee:n
grensde	grenzen:v
grenst	grenzen:v
grensden	grenzen:v
grenzend	grenzen:v
gegrensd	grenzen:v
biopsieën	biopsie:n
zegen	zegenen:v|zijgen:v
zegende	zegenen:v
zegent	zegenen:v
zegenden	zegenen:v
zegenend	zegenen:v
gezegend	zegenen:v
studere	studeren:v
hoofdgebouwen	hoofdgebouw:n
hoofdgebouwtje	hoofdgebouw:n
dronkener	dronken:a
dronkenst	dronken:a
dronkenste	dronken:a
getrouwde	getrouwd:a
cassanter	cassant:a
cassantst	cassant:a
cassante	cassant:a
cassantere	cassant:a
cassantste	cassant:a
meen	menen:v
meende	menen:v
meent	menen:v
meenden	menen:v
menend	menen:v
gemeend	menen:v
uitlegje	uitleg:n
matrakken	matrak:n
matrakje	matrak:n
bipsen	bips:n
bipsje	bips:n
rekenaars	rekenaar:n
rekenaartje	rekenaar:n
congressen	congres:n
congresje	congres:n
uitbundiger	uitbundig:a
uitbundigst	uitbundig:a
uitbundige	uitbundig:a
uitbundigere	uitbundig:a
uitbundigste	uitbundig:a
vijzels	vijzel:n
vijzeltje	vijzel:n
aanschaf	aanschaffen:v
aanschafte	aanschaffen:v
aanschaft	aanschaffen:v
aanschaften	aanschaffen:v
aanschaffend	aanschaffen:v
aangeschaft	aanschaffen:v
baronessen	barones:n
baronesje	barones:n
kano's	kano:n
kanootje	kano:n
roest	roesten:v
roesten	roest:n
roestte	roesten:v
roestten	roesten:v
roestend	roesten:v
geroest	roesten:v
Aragoneser	Aragonees:a
Aragoneest	Aragonees:a
Aragonese	Aragonees:a
Aragonesere	Aragonees:a
Aragoneeste	Aragonees:a
zaklampen	zaklamp:n
zaklampje	zaklamp:n
avonturen	avontuur:n
avontuurtje	avontuur:n
stuifmelen	stuifmeel:n
stuifmeeltje	stuifmeel:n
toortsen	toorts:n
toortsje	toorts:n
fakkels	fakkel:n
fakkeltje	fakkel:n
vermeng	vermengen:v
vermengde	vermengen:v
vermengt	vermengen:v
vermengden	vermengen:v
vermengend	vermengen:v
vermengd	vermengen:v
mixte	mixen:v
mixt	mixen:v
mixten	mixen:v
mixend	mixen:v
gemixt	mixen:v
vaccins	vaccin:n
vaccintje	vaccin:n
klauwhamers	klauwhamer:n
klauwhamertje	klauwhamer:n
onderschep	onderscheppen:v
onderschepte	onderscheppen:v
onderschept	onderscheppen:v
onderschepten	onderscheppen:v
onderscheppend	onderscheppen:v
oorlogvoeringen	oorlogvoering:n
oorlogvoerinkje	oorlogvoering:n
kerkers	kerker:n
kerkertje	kerker:n
digereer	digereren:v
digereerde	digereren:v
digereert	digereren:v
digereerden	digereren:v
digererend	digereren:v
gedigereerd	digereren:v
aardappelpurees	aardappelpuree:n
aardappelpureetje	aardappelpuree:n
wederkerende	wederkerend:a
hoofdwerkwoorden	hoofdwerkwoord:n
hoofdwerkwoordje	hoofdwerkwoord:n
panga's	panga:n
out	outen:v
outte	outen:v
outten	outen:v
outend	outen:v
geout	outen:v
holde	hollen:v
exotherme	exotherm:a
worde	worden:v
kringen	kring:n
kringetje	kring:n
straks	strak:a
subfamilies	subfamilie:n
töltte	tölten:v
töltten	tölten:v
töltend	tölten:v
getölt	tölten:v
primaire	primair:a
feil	feilen:v
feilde	feilen:v
feilt	feilen:v
feilden	feilen:v
feilend	feilen:v
gefeild	feilen:v
feilen	feil:n
gissen	gis:n
gisje	gis:n
gisser	gis:a
gis	gissen:v
witloof	witlof:n
testimoniums	testimonium:n
testimonia	testimonium:n
hallucinanter	hallucinant:a
hallucinantst	hallucinant:a
hallucinante	hallucinant:a
hallucinantere	hallucinant:a
hallucinantste	hallucinant:a
penetranter	penetrant:a
penetrantst	penetrant:a
penetrante	penetrant:a
penetrantere	penetrant:a
penetrantste	penetrant:a
fessen	fes:n
fesje	fes:n
triester	triest:a
triestst	triest:a
trieste	triest:a
triestere	triest:a
triestste	triest:a
briezen	bries:n
briesje	bries:n
bries	briesen:v
taktisch	tactisch:a
endemische	endemisch:a
Kabbalistische	Kabbalistisch:a
hihats	hihat:n
rondborstiger	rondborstig:a
rondborstigst	rondborstig:a
rondborstige	rondborstig:a
rondborstigere	rondborstig:a
rondborstigste	rondborstig:a
zeik	zeiken:v
zeek	zeiken:v
zeikt	zeiken:v
zeken	zeiken:v
zeikend	zeiken:v
gezeken	zeiken:v
zeikte	zeiken:v
zeikten	zeiken:v
gezeikt	zeiken:v
agnostica	agnosticus:n
agnostici	agnosticus:n
kampongs	kampong:n
eerde	eren:v
eert	eren:v
eerden	eren:v
erend	eren:v
geëerd	eren:v
eren	eer:n
hevels	hevel:n
heveltje	hevel:n
pastoors	pastoor:n
pastoortje	pastoor:n
passaten	passaat:n
passaatje	passaat:n
geneesheren	geneesheer:n
geneesheertje	geneesheer:n
chronologieën	chronologie:n
eufemismes	eufemisme:n
lionnes	lionne:n
gooiers	gooier:n
fats	fat:n
fatje	fat:n
stijgje	stijg:n
steegje	steeg:n
bevolkingen	bevolking:n
bevolkinkje	bevolking:n
nationaliteiten	nationaliteit:n
provisorische	provisorisch:a
beklaag	beklagen:v
beklaagde	beklagen:v
beklaagt	beklagen:v
beklaagden	beklagen:v
beklagend	beklagen:v
beklaagd	beklagen:v
extraverter	extravert:a
extravertst	extravert:a
extraverte	extravert:a
extravertere	extravert:a
extravertste	extravert:a
extraverten	extravert:n
extravertje	extravert:n
interesseer	interesseren:v
interesseerde	interesseren:v
interesseert	interesseren:v
interesseerden	interesseren:v
interesserend	interesseren:v
puttend	putten:v
geput	putten:v
pekari's	pekari:n
pekarietje	pekari:n
optanten	optant:n
optantje	optant:n
jae	ja:d
metaaltje	metaal:n
oratoria	oratorium:n
vliezen	vlies:n
vliesje	vlies:n
echode	echoën:v
echoot	echoën:v
echoden	echoën:v
echoënd	echoën:v
geëchood	echoën:v
boegen	boeg:n
boegje	boeg:n
typografies	typografie:n
typografietje	typografie:n
trone	tronen:v
saxofoons	saxofoon:n
saxofonen	saxofoon:n
saxofoontje	saxofoon:n
gymnaste	gymnast:n
beschikbaarheden	beschikbaarheid:n
onvriendelijker	onvriendelijk:a
onvriendelijkst	onvriendelijk:a
onvriendelijke	onvriendelijk:a
onvriendelijkere	onvriendelijk:a
onvriendelijkste	onvriendelijk:a
woordenwisselingen	woordenwisseling:n
woordenwisselingetje	woordenwisseling:n
woordenwisselinkje	woordenwisseling:n
aangenamer	aangenaam:a
aangenaamst	aangenaam:a
aangename	aangenaam:a
aangenamere	aangenaam:a
aangenaamste	aangenaam:a
skiede	skiën:v
skiet	skiën:v
skieden	skiën:v
skiënd	skiën:v
geskied	skiën:v
onaangename	onaangenaam:a
onaangenamer	onaangenaam:a
onaangenamere	onaangenaam:a
onaangenaamst	onaangenaam:a
onaangenaamste	onaangenaam:a
verdicht	verdichten:v
verdichtte	verdichten:v
verdichtten	verdichten:v
verdichtend	verdichten:v
bijwoordelijker	bijwoordelijk:a
bijwoordelijkst	bijwoordelijk:a
bijwoordelijke	bijwoordelijk:a
bijwoordelijkere	bijwoordelijk:a
bijwoordelijkste	bijwoordelijk:a
zitvlakken	zitvlak:n
zitvlakje	zitvlak:n
Kasjoebischer	Kasjoebisch:a
Kasjoebischt	Kasjoebisch:a
Kasjoebische	Kasjoebisch:a
Kasjoebischere	Kasjoebisch:a
Kasjoebischte	Kasjoebisch:a
gotspes	gotspe:n
gotspetje	gotspe:n
slakken	slak:n
slakje	slak:n
dramatischer	dramatisch:a
dramatische	dramatisch:a
dramatischere	dramatisch:a
tepels	tepel:n
tepeltje	tepel:n
m.	mark:n
terugzie	terugzien:v
terugzag	terugzien:v
terugziet	terugzien:v
terugzagen	terugzien:v
terugziend	terugzien:v
teruggezien	terugzien:v
satirischer	satirisch:a
satirischt	satirisch:a
satirische	satirisch:a
satirischere	satirisch:a
satirischte	satirisch:a
taloren	taloor:n
taloortje	taloor:n
zwervers	zwerver:n
zwervertje	zwerver:n
doellozer	doelloos:a
doelloost	doelloos:a
doelloze	doelloos:a
doellozere	doelloos:a
doellooste	doelloos:a
voetstappen	voetstap:n
voetstapje	voetstap:n
heerlijkheden	heerlijkheid:n
heerlijkheidje	heerlijkheid:n
vuriger	vurig:a
vurigst	vurig:a
vurige	vurig:a
vurigere	vurig:a
vurigste	vurig:a
verhef	verheffen:v
verhief	verheffen:v
verheft	verheffen:v
verhieven	verheffen:v
verheffend	verheffen:v
verheven	verheffen:v
parcoursen	parcours:n
parcoursje	parcours:n
voorhuiden	voorhuid:n
voorhuidje	voorhuid:n
erecties	erectie:n
erectietje	erectie:n
bankiers	bankier:n
bankiertje	bankier:n
bankier	bankieren:v
hoogtepunten	hoogtepunt:n
hoogtepuntje	hoogtepunt:n
diaconessenhuizen	diaconessenhuis:n
diaconessenhuisje	diaconessenhuis:n
dichtheden	dichtheid:n
uitvluchten	uitvlucht:n
uitvluchtje	uitvlucht:n
toneelscholen	toneelschool:n
toneelschooltje	toneelschool:n
heffingen	heffing:n
heffinkje	heffing:n
kleinkunsten	kleinkunst:n
aankondig	aankondigen:v
aankondigde	aankondigen:v
aankondigt	aankondigen:v
aankondigden	aankondigen:v
aankondigend	aankondigen:v
aangekondigd	aankondigen:v
grootschaliger	grootschalig:a
grootschaligst	grootschalig:a
grootschalige	grootschalig:a
grootschaligere	grootschalig:a
grootschaligste	grootschalig:a
geladener	geladen:a
geladenst	geladen:a
geladenste	geladen:a
fungeer	fungeren:v
fungeerde	fungeren:v
fungeert	fungeren:v
fungeerden	fungeren:v
fungerend	fungeren:v
gefungeerd	fungeren:v
pragmatischer	pragmatisch:a
pragmatischt	pragmatisch:a
pragmatische	pragmatisch:a
pragmatischere	pragmatisch:a
pragmatischte	pragmatisch:a
gemeentehuizen	gemeentehuis:n
gemeentehuisje	gemeentehuis:n
gemeenten	gemeente:n
gemeentes	gemeente:n
gemeentetje	gemeente:n
gemeentebesturen	gemeentebestuur:n
gemeentebestuurtje	gemeentebestuur:n
pijp	pijpen:v
pijpte	pijpen:v
pijpt	pijpen:v
pijpten	pijpen:v
pijpend	pijpen:v
gepijpt	pijpen:v
peep	pijpen:v
pepen	pijpen:v
gepepen	pijpen:v
pijpen	pijp:n
kenmerkte	kenmerken:v
kenmerkt	kenmerken:v
kenmerkten	kenmerken:v
gekenmerkt	kenmerken:v
dalingen	daling:n
dalinkje	daling:n
verkondigingen	verkondiging:n
verkondig	verkondigen:v
verkondigde	verkondigen:v
verkondigt	verkondigen:v
verkondigden	verkondigen:v
verkondigend	verkondigen:v
verkondigd	verkondigen:v
versiert	versieren:v
utopischer	utopisch:a
utopischt	utopisch:a
utopische	utopisch:a
utopischere	utopisch:a
utopischte	utopisch:a
gaarder	gaar:a
gaarst	gaar:a
gaardere	gaar:a
gaarste	gaar:a
gaafst	gaaf:a
gavere	gaaf:a
gaafste	gaaf:a
ambassadeuren	ambassadeur:n
ambassadeurs	ambassadeur:n
ambassadeurtje	ambassadeur:n|ambassade:n
niette	nieten:v
nietten	nieten:v
nietend	nieten:v
noot	nieten:v
troonde	tronen:v
troont	tronen:v
troonden	tronen:v
tronend	tronen:v
getroond	tronen:v
intenser	intens:a
visere	viseren:v
officieren	officier:n
officiers	officier:n
officiertje	officier:n
menners	menner:n
mennertje	menner:n
fragmentarischer	fragmentarisch:a
fragmentarischt	fragmentarisch:a
fragmentarische	fragmentarisch:a
fragmentarischere	fragmentarisch:a
fragmentarischte	fragmentarisch:a
stripboeken	stripboek:n
stripboekje	stripboek:n
plastischer	plastisch:a
plastischt	plastisch:a
plastische	plastisch:a
plastischere	plastisch:a
plastischte	plastisch:a
toevalliger	toevallig:a
toevalligst	toevallig:a
toevallige	toevallig:a
toevalligere	toevallig:a
toevalligste	toevallig:a
gistingen	gisting:n
moogt	mogen:v
gijle	gijlui:r
ulle	ului:r
absces	abces:n
hange	hangen:v
etiologieën	etiologie:n
stripte	strippen:v
stripten	strippen:v
strippend	strippen:v
gestript	strippen:v
opdeel	opdelen:v
opdeelde	opdelen:v
opdeelt	opdelen:v
opdeelden	opdelen:v
opdelend	opdelen:v
opgedeeld	opdelen:v
veentje	veen:n
afzettingen	afzetting:n
afzettinkje	afzetting:n
vochtiger	vochtig:a
vochtigst	vochtig:a
vochtige	vochtig:a
vochtigere	vochtig:a
vochtigste	vochtig:a
vochtigheden	vochtigheid:n
vochtigheidje	vochtigheid:n
luchtvochtigheden	luchtvochtigheid:n
luchtvochtigheidje	luchtvochtigheid:n
ophoop	ophopen:v
ophoopte	ophopen:v
ophoopt	ophopen:v
ophoopten	ophopen:v
ophopend	ophopen:v
opgehoopt	ophopen:v
zeespiegels	zeespiegel:n
spiegels	spiegel:n
spiegeltje	spiegel:n
overschotten	overschot:n
overschotje	overschot:n
naaldbossen	naaldbos:n
naaldbosje	naaldbos:n
struiken	struik:n
struikje	struik:n
loofbossen	loofbos:n
loofbosje	loofbos:n
doorlatender	doorlatend:a
doorlatendst	doorlatend:a
doorlatende	doorlatend:a
doorlatendere	doorlatend:a
doorlatendste	doorlatend:a
doorlatend	doorlaten:v
ontwater	ontwateren:v
ontwaterde	ontwateren:v
ontwatert	ontwateren:v
ontwaterden	ontwateren:v
ontwaterend	ontwateren:v
ontwaterd	ontwateren:v
voedselrijker	voedselrijk:a
voedselrijkst	voedselrijk:a
voedselrijke	voedselrijk:a
voedselrijkere	voedselrijk:a
voedselrijkste	voedselrijk:a
voedselarmer	voedselarm:a
voedselarmst	voedselarm:a
voedselarme	voedselarm:a
voedselarmere	voedselarm:a
voedselarmste	voedselarm:a
deegje	deeg:n
dege	deeg:a|deeg:n
schuimpje	schuim:n
pathetischer	pathetisch:a
pathetischt	pathetisch:a
pathetische	pathetisch:a
pathetischere	pathetisch:a
pathetischte	pathetisch:a
granulocyten	granulocyt:n
granulocytje	granulocyt:n
berecht	berechten:v
berechtte	berechten:v
berechtten	berechten:v
berechtend	berechten:v
welvaar	welvaren:v
welvoer	welvaren:v
welvaart	welvaren:v
welvoeren	welvaren:v
welvarend	welvaren:v
welgevaren	welvaren:v
panters	panter:n
pantertje	panter:n
vonken	vonk:n
vonkje	vonk:n
vonk	vonken:v
criminologieën	criminologie:n
overlegde	overleggen:v
overlegt	overleggen:v
overlegden	overleggen:v
overleggend	overleggen:v
overlegd	overleggen:v
overgelegd	overleggen:v
dt-fouten	dt-fout:n
dt-foutje	dt-fout:n
deelgemeenten	deelgemeente:n
deelgemeentes	deelgemeente:n
deelgemeentetje	deelgemeente:n
fusiegemeenten	fusiegemeente:n
fusiegemeentes	fusiegemeente:n
fusiegemeentetje	fusiegemeente:n
ulken	ulk:n
ulkje	ulk:n
stamde	stammen:v
stamt	stammen:v
stamden	stammen:v
stammend	stammen:v
gestamd	stammen:v
rechtte	rechten:v
rechtten	rechten:v
rechtend	rechten:v
rechtsgeleerdheden	rechtsgeleerdheid:n
gerechtshoven	gerechtshof:n
gerechtshofje	gerechtshof:n
hooggerechtshoven	hooggerechtshof:n
koepels	koepel:n
koepeltje	koepel:n
middellijnen	middellijn:n
middellijntje	middellijn:n
loodrechter	loodrecht:a
loodrechtst	loodrecht:a
loodrechte	loodrecht:a
loodrechtere	loodrecht:a
loodrechtste	loodrecht:a
silenes	silene:n
silenen	silene:n
luchtballonnen	luchtballon:n
luchtballons	luchtballon:n
luchtballonnetje	luchtballon:n
oppas	oppassen:v
oppaste	oppassen:v
oppast	oppassen:v
oppasten	oppassen:v
oppassend	oppassen:v
opgepast	oppassen:v
moerstalen	moerstaal:n
moerstaaltje	moerstaal:n
goedjes	goedje:n
feestdagen	feestdag:n
feestdagje	feestdag:n
achturige	achturig:a
talentvoler	talentvol:a
talentvolst	talentvol:a
talentvole	talentvol:a
talentvolere	talentvol:a
talentvolste	talentvol:a
kultuur	cultuur:n
moralen	moraal:n
moraaltje	moraal:n
moraal	moreel:a
apologieën	apologie:n
masochistischer	masochistisch:a
masochistische	masochistisch:a
masochistischere	masochistisch:a
artikelen	artikel:n
artikels	artikel:n
artikeltje	artikel:n
aanleidingen	aanleiding:n
aanleidinkje	aanleiding:n
langergerokt	langgerokt:a
langstgerokt	langgerokt:a
langergerokter	langgerokt:a
langergeroktere	langgerokt:a
langgeroktste	langgerokt:a
kortergerokt	kortgerokt:a
kortstgerokt	kortgerokt:a
kortergerokter	kortgerokt:a
kortergeroktere	kortgerokt:a
kortgeroktste	kortgerokt:a
langbeniger	langbenig:a
langbenigst	langbenig:a
langbenige	langbenig:a
langbenigere	langbenig:a
langbenigste	langbenig:a
strijdbaarder	strijdbaar:a
strijdbaarst	strijdbaar:a
strijdbare	strijdbaar:a
strijdbaardere	strijdbaar:a
strijdbaarste	strijdbaar:a
eervoller	eervol:a
eervolst	eervol:a
eervolle	eervol:a
eervollere	eervol:a
eervolste	eervol:a
krijgers	krijger:n
krijgertje	krijger:n
strijders	strijder:n
strijdertje	strijder:n
krijgje	krijg:n
opperbeste	opperbest:a
berust	berusten:v
berustte	berusten:v
berustten	berusten:v
berustend	berusten:v
rustte	rusten:v
rustten	rusten:v
rustend	rusten:v
gerust	rusten:v
geschriften	geschrift:n
geschriftje	geschrift:n
vondsten	vondst:n
vondstje	vondst:n
ronddraaf	ronddraven:v
ronddraafde	ronddraven:v
ronddraaft	ronddraven:v
ronddraafden	ronddraven:v
ronddravend	ronddraven:v
rondgedraafd	ronddraven:v
oevers	oever:n
oevertje	oever:n
stroomde	stromen:v
stroomt	stromen:v
stroomden	stromen:v
stromend	stromen:v
gestroomd	stromen:v
loslaat	loslaten:v
losliet	loslaten:v
loslieten	loslaten:v
loslatend	loslaten:v
losgelaten	loslaten:v
vochtte	vochten:v
vochtten	vochten:v
vochtend	vochten:v
gevocht	vochten:v
aanvecht	aanvechten:v
aanvocht	aanvechten:v
aanvochten	aanvechten:v
aanvechtend	aanvechten:v
aangevochten	aanvechten:v
strek	strekken:v
strekte	strekken:v
strekt	strekken:v
strekten	strekken:v
strekkend	strekken:v
gestrekt	strekken:v
onderdruk	onderdrukken:v
onderdrukte	onderdrukken:v|onderdrukt:a
onderdrukt	onderdrukken:v
onderdrukten	onderdrukken:v
onderdrukkend	onderdrukken:v
gestreepte	gestreept:a
gemengder	gemengd:a
gemengdst	gemengd:a
gemengde	gemengd:a
gemengdere	gemengd:a
gemengdste	gemengd:a
opstanden	opstand:n
opstandje	opstand:n
regelingen	regeling:n
regelingetje	regeling:n
regelinkje	regeling:n
afgeef	afgeven:v
afgaf	afgeven:v
afgeeft	afgeven:v
afgaven	afgeven:v
afgevend	afgeven:v
afgegeven	afgeven:v
verbaasder	verbaasd:a
verbaasdst	verbaasd:a
verbaasde	verbaasd:a|verbazen:v
verbaasdere	verbaasd:a
verbaasdste	verbaasd:a
verbaasd	verbazen:v
betreur	betreuren:v
betreurde	betreuren:v
betreurt	betreuren:v
betreurden	betreuren:v
betreurend	betreuren:v
betreurd	betreuren:v
jaartellingen	jaartelling:n
Kyiv	Kiev:m
Odesa	Odessa:m
uitvoerender	uitvoerend:a
uitvoerendst	uitvoerend:a
uitvoerende	uitvoerend:a
uitvoerendere	uitvoerend:a
uitvoerendste	uitvoerend:a
vliegshows	vliegshow:n
vliegshowtje	vliegshow:n
herformuleer	herformuleren:v
herformuleerde	herformuleren:v
herformuleert	herformuleren:v
herformuleerden	herformuleren:v
herformulerend	herformuleren:v
geherformuleerd	herformuleren:v
formuleer	formuleren:v
formuleerde	formuleren:v
formuleert	formuleren:v
formuleerden	formuleren:v
formulerend	formuleren:v
geformuleerd	formuleren:v
verwoord	verwoorden:v
verwoordde	verwoorden:v
verwoordt	verwoorden:v
verwoordden	verwoorden:v
verwoordend	verwoorden:v
kruisig	kruisigen:v
kruisigde	kruisigen:v
kruisigt	kruisigen:v
kruisigden	kruisigen:v
kruisigend	kruisigen:v
gekruisigd	kruisigen:v
kruisigingen	kruisiging:n
verscheidener	verscheiden:a
verscheidenst	verscheiden:a
verscheidenste	verscheiden:a
verscheid	verscheiden:v
verscheidde	verscheiden:v
verscheidt	verscheiden:v
verscheidden	verscheiden:v
verscheidend	verscheiden:v
verscheidenheden	verscheidenheid:n
herkenningen	herkenning:n
alleenstaande	alleenstaand:a
toedicht	toedichten:v
toedichtte	toedichten:v
toedichtten	toedichten:v
toedichtend	toedichten:v
toegedicht	toedichten:v
tegenhangers	tegenhanger:n
tegenhangertje	tegenhanger:n
loekoe's	loekoe:n
aanverwante	aanverwant:a
aanverwanten	aanverwant:n
aanverwantje	aanverwant:n
overheersingen	overheersing:n
uitsluitingen	uitsluiting:n
uitsluitinkje	uitsluiting:n
bezetters	bezetter:n
bezettertje	bezetter:n
plechtigheden	plechtigheid:n
plechtigheidje	plechtigheid:n
kransleggingen	kranslegging:n
strijkplanken	strijkplank:n
strijkplankje	strijkplank:n
ontbind	ontbinden:v
ontbond	ontbinden:v
ontbindt	ontbinden:v
ontbonden	ontbinden:v
ontbindend	ontbinden:v
razzia's	razzia:n
razziaatje	razzia:n
uitbreek	uitbreken:v
uitbrak	uitbreken:v|uitbrakken:v
uitbreekt	uitbreken:v
uitbraken	uitbreken:v|uitbraak:n
uitbrekend	uitbreken:v
uitgebroken	uitbreken:v
krijgsmachten	krijgsmacht:n
krijgsmachtje	krijgsmacht:n
verzetsbewegingen	verzetsbeweging:n
verzetsbeweginkje	verzetsbeweging:n
degenen	degene:r
charismatischer	charismatisch:a
charismatischt	charismatisch:a
charismatische	charismatisch:a
charismatischere	charismatisch:a
charismatischte	charismatisch:a
bezighou	bezighouden:v
bezighoud	bezighouden:v
bezighield	bezighouden:v
bezighoudt	bezighouden:v
bezighielden	bezighouden:v
bezighoudend	bezighouden:v
beziggehouden	bezighouden:v
onthou	onthouden:v
onthoud	onthouden:v
onthield	onthouden:v
onthoudt	onthouden:v
onthielden	onthouden:v
onthoudend	onthouden:v
deelnames	deelname:n
deelnametje	deelname:n
deelnemingen	deelneming:n
eindbestemmingen	eindbestemming:n
eindbestemminkje	eindbestemming:n
bubbels	bubbel:n
speelbaarder	speelbaar:a
speelbaarst	speelbaar:a
speelbare	speelbaar:a
speelbaardere	speelbaar:a
speelbaarste	speelbaar:a
afklem	afklemmen:v
afklemde	afklemmen:v
afklemt	afklemmen:v
afklemden	afklemmen:v
afklemmend	afklemmen:v
afgeklemd	afklemmen:v
bubbeltje	bubbel:n
verdedigers	verdediger:n
verdedigertje	verdediger:n
admiraliteiten	admiraliteit:n
admiraliteitje	admiraliteit:n
uitrust	uitrusten:v
uitrustte	uitrusten:v
uitrustten	uitrusten:v
uitrustend	uitrusten:v
uitgerust	uitrusten:v
bemanningen	bemanning:n
bemanninkje	bemanning:n
aanbreek	aanbreken:v
aanbrak	aanbreken:v
aanbreekt	aanbreken:v
aanbraken	aanbreken:v
aanbrekend	aanbreken:v
aangebroken	aanbreken:v
vernietigingen	vernietiging:n
fenomenologieën	fenomenologie:n
fenomenologietje	fenomenologie:n
jachthonden	jachthond:n
jachthondje	jachthond:n
verwerf	verwerven:v
verwierf	verwerven:v
verwerft	verwerven:v
verwierven	verwerven:v
verwervend	verwerven:v
verworven	verwerven:v
halvarines	halvarine:n
halvarinetje	halvarine:n
koketter	koket:a
kokette	koket:a
kokettes	kokette:n
kokettetje	kokette:n
wegenkaarten	wegenkaart:n
wegenkaartje	wegenkaart:n
speelkaarten	speelkaart:n
speelkaartje	speelkaart:n
voorlaatste	voorlaatst:a
cadensen	cadens:n
cadensje	cadens:n
nefaster	nefast:a
nefastst	nefast:a
kopte	koppen:v
kopten	koppen:v
koppend	koppen:v
gekopt	koppen:v
populistische	populistisch:a
klopje	klop:n
tankte	tanken:v
tankt	tanken:v
tankten	tanken:v
tankend	tanken:v
getankt	tanken:v
blader	bladeren:v
bladerde	bladeren:v
bladert	bladeren:v
bladerden	bladeren:v
bladerend	bladeren:v
gebladerd	bladeren:v
controleer	controleren:v
controleerde	controleren:v
controleert	controleren:v
controleerden	controleren:v
controlerend	controleren:v
gecontroleerd	controleren:v
verplichte	verplicht:a|verplichten:v
verplicht	verplichten:v
muisstille	muisstil:a
tronies	tronie:n
tronietje	tronie:n
schooltassen	schooltas:n
schooltasje	schooltas:n
telefonistes	telefoniste:n
adamsappels	adamsappel:n
adamsappeltje	adamsappel:n
fles	flessen:v
fleste	flessen:v
flest	flessen:v
flesten	flessen:v
flessend	flessen:v
geflest	flessen:v
eitjes	eitje:n
gekker	gek:a
gekst	gek:a
gekke	gek:a
gekkere	gek:a
gekste	gek:a
gekken	gek:n
gekje	gek:n
loei	loeien:v
loeide	loeien:v
loeit	loeien:v
loeiden	loeien:v
loeiend	loeien:v
geloeid	loeien:v
appelsappen	appelsap:n
appelsapje	appelsap:n
versjteer	versjteren:v
versjteerde	versjteren:v
versjteert	versjteren:v
versjteerden	versjteren:v
versjterend	versjteren:v
versjteerd	versjteren:v
uitheemse	uitheems:a
kleuterscholen	kleuterschool:n
kleuterschooltje	kleuterschool:n
doosjes	doosje:n
aankoop	aankopen:v
aankocht	aankopen:v
aankoopt	aankopen:v
aankochten	aankopen:v
aankopend	aankopen:v
aangekocht	aankopen:v
redeneer	redeneren:v
redeneerde	redeneren:v
redeneert	redeneren:v
redeneerden	redeneren:v
redenerend	redeneren:v
geredeneerd	redeneren:v
poenale	poenaal:a
alledaagser	alledaags:a
alledaagst	alledaags:a
alledaagse	alledaags:a
alledaagsere	alledaags:a
alledaagste	alledaags:a
bouws	bouw:n
uitstrek	uitstrekken:v
uitstrekte	uitstrekken:v
uitstrekt	uitstrekken:v
uitstrekten	uitstrekken:v
uitstrekkend	uitstrekken:v
uitgestrekt	uitstrekken:v
vuisten	vuist:n
vuistje	vuist:n
vuist	vuisten:v
vuistte	vuisten:v
vuistten	vuisten:v
vuistend	vuisten:v
gevuist	vuisten:v
laaglanden	laagland:n
laaglandje	laagland:n
hooglanden	hoogland:n
opvul	opvullen:v
opvulde	opvullen:v
opvult	opvullen:v
opvulden	opvullen:v
opvullend	opvullen:v
opgevuld	opvullen:v
uitmond	uitmonden:v
uitmondde	uitmonden:v
uitmondt	uitmonden:v
uitmondden	uitmonden:v
uitmondend	uitmonden:v
uitgemond	uitmonden:v
moessons	moesson:n
moessonnetje	moesson:n
overstroom	overstromen:v
overstroomde	overstromen:v
overstroomt	overstromen:v
overstroomden	overstromen:v
overstromend	overstromen:v
overgestroomd	overstromen:v
overstroomd	overstromen:v
kapte	kappen:v
kapt	kappen:v
kappend	kappen:v
gekapt	kappen:v
ontbossingen	ontbossing:n
demonstranten	demonstrant:n
demonstrantje	demonstrant:n
magneten	magneet:n
magneetje	magneet:n
stamgasten	stamgast:n
stamgastje	stamgast:n
zee-eenden	zee-eend:n
zee-eendje	zee-eend:n
zandgronden	zandgrond:n
zandgrondje	zandgrond:n
guurder	guur:a
guurst	guur:a
gure	guur:a
guurdere	guur:a
guurste	guur:a
adequater	adequaat:a
adequaatst	adequaat:a
adequate	adequaat:a
adequatere	adequaat:a
adequaatste	adequaat:a
boen	boenen:v
boende	boenen:v
boent	boenen:v
boenden	boenen:v
boenend	boenen:v
geboend	boenen:v
staar	staren:v
staarde	staren:v
staarden	staren:v
starend	staren:v
gestaard	staren:v
onderdompel	onderdompelen:v
onderdompelde	onderdompelen:v
onderdompelt	onderdompelen:v
onderdompelden	onderdompelen:v
onderdompelend	onderdompelen:v
ondergedompeld	onderdompelen:v
ozonlagen	ozonlaag:n
ozonlaagje	ozonlaag:n
racete	racen:v
racet	racen:v
raceten	racen:v
racend	racen:v
geracet	racen:v
stampte	stampen:v
stampt	stampen:v
stampten	stampen:v
stampend	stampen:v
gestampt	stampen:v
spanne	spannen:v
hottentottententententoonstellingen	hottentottententententoonstelling:n
hottentottententententoonstellinkje	hottentottententententoonstelling:n
kampeer	kamperen:v
kampeerde	kamperen:v
kampeert	kamperen:v
kampeerden	kamperen:v
kamperend	kamperen:v
gekampeerd	kamperen:v
kampeerterreinen	kampeerterrein:n
kampeerterreintje	kampeerterrein:n
terreinen	terrein:n
terreintje	terrein:n
stortte	storten:v
stortten	storten:v
stortend	storten:v
gestort	storten:v
achterlaat	achterlaten:v
achterliet	achterlaten:v
achterlieten	achterlaten:v
achterlatend	achterlaten:v
achtergelaten	achterlaten:v
sprakelozer	sprakeloos:a
sprakeloost	sprakeloos:a
sprakeloze	sprakeloos:a
sprakelozere	sprakeloos:a
sprakelooste	sprakeloos:a
sacristieën	sacristie:n
autochtoner	autochtoon:a
autochtoonst	autochtoon:a
autochtone	autochtoon:a
autochtonere	autochtoon:a
autochtoonste	autochtoon:a
autochtonen	autochtoon:n
autochtoontje	autochtoon:n
allochtoner	allochtoon:a
allochtoonst	allochtoon:a
allochtone	allochtoon:a
allochtonere	allochtoon:a
allochtoonste	allochtoon:a
allochtonen	allochtoon:n
allochtoontje	allochtoon:n
stopcontacten	stopcontact:n
stopcontactje	stopcontact:n
wandcontactdozen	wandcontactdoos:n
wandcontactdoosje	wandcontactdoos:n
uitkomsten	uitkomst:n
jouwe	jouw:t
zijne	zijn:t
hunne	hun:r|hun:t
granen	graan:n
graantje	graan:n
triangels	triangel:n
triangeltje	triangel:n
uitjes	uitje:n
toekomstige	toekomstig:a
schulden	schuld:n
schuldje	schuld:n
schuldigen	schuldige:n
opspring	opspringen:v
opsprong	opspringen:v
opspringt	opspringen:v
opsprongen	opspringen:v
opspringend	opspringen:v
opgesprongen	opspringen:v
arglistiger	arglistig:a
arglistigst	arglistig:a
arglistige	arglistig:a
arglistigere	arglistig:a
arglistigste	arglistig:a
loke	luiken:v
sori	sorus:n
sorussen	sorus:n
sorusje	sorus:n
roffer	rof:a
rofst	rof:a
roffe	rof:a
roffere	rof:a
rofste	rof:a
sneeuwwitter	sneeuwwit:a
sneeuwwitst	sneeuwwit:a
sneeuwwitte	sneeuwwit:a
sneeuwwittere	sneeuwwit:a
sneeuwwitste	sneeuwwit:a
sneeuwwitten	sneeuwwit:n
onafhankelijkheden	onafhankelijkheid:n
kookboeken	kookboek:n
kookboekje	kookboek:n
canailles	canaille:n
rasch	ras:a
rekentoestellen	rekentoestel:n
rekentoestelletje	rekentoestel:n
antependia	antependium:n
intriges	intrige:n
intrigetje	intrige:n
intrigeer	intrigeren:v
intrigeerde	intrigeren:v
intrigeert	intrigeren:v
intrigeerden	intrigeren:v
intrigerend	intrigeren:v
geïntrigeerd	intrigeren:v
gistte	gisten:v
gistten	gisten:v
gistend	gisten:v
gegist	gisten:v|gissen:v
toelaat	toelaten:v
toeliet	toelaten:v
toelieten	toelaten:v
toelatend	toelaten:v
toegelaten	toelaten:v
benodigde	benodigd:a|benodigen:v
benodigd	benodigen:v
toetreed	toetreden:v
toetrad	toetreden:v
toetreedt	toetreden:v
toetraden	toetreden:v
toetredend	toetreden:v
toegetreden	toetreden:v
moutsuikers	moutsuiker:n
moutsuikertje	moutsuiker:n
rondzweef	rondzweven:v
rondzweefde	rondzweven:v
rondzweeft	rondzweven:v
rondzweefden	rondzweven:v
rondzwevend	rondzweven:v
rondgezweefd	rondzweven:v
verbaster	verbasteren:v
verbasterde	verbasteren:v
verbastert	verbasteren:v
verbasterden	verbasteren:v
verbasterend	verbasteren:v
verbasterd	verbasteren:v
verbasteringen	verbastering:n
verbasteringetje	verbastering:n
verminder	verminderen:v
verminderde	verminderen:v
vermindert	verminderen:v
verminderden	verminderen:v
verminderend	verminderen:v
verminderd	verminderen:v
ongemoute	ongemout:a
wettelijker	wettelijk:a
wettelijkst	wettelijk:a
wettelijke	wettelijk:a
wettelijkere	wettelijk:a
wettelijkste	wettelijk:a
overjaarse	overjaars:a
aanwezigen	aanwezige:n
tarwes	tarwe:n
uitzonder	uitzonderen:v
uitzonderde	uitzonderen:v
uitzondert	uitzonderen:v
uitzonderden	uitzonderen:v
uitzonderend	uitzonderen:v
uitgezonderd	uitzonderen:v
afwezigen	afwezige:n
alleenstaanden	alleenstaande:n
dialogen	dialoog:n
opsla	opslaan:v
opsloeg	opslaan:v
opslaat	opslaan:v
opsloegen	opslaan:v
opslaand	opslaan:v
opgeslagen	opslaan:v
tandwielen	tandwiel:n
tandwieltje	tandwiel:n
verwelkom	verwelkomen:v
verwelkomde	verwelkomen:v
verwelkomt	verwelkomen:v
verwelkomden	verwelkomen:v
verwelkomend	verwelkomen:v
verwelkomd	verwelkomen:v
satanischer	satanisch:a
satanischt	satanisch:a
satanische	satanisch:a
satanischere	satanisch:a
satanischte	satanisch:a
uiterste	uiterst:a
ongelijkmatiger	ongelijkmatig:a
ongelijkmatigst	ongelijkmatig:a
ongelijkmatige	ongelijkmatig:a
ongelijkmatigere	ongelijkmatig:a
ongelijkmatigste	ongelijkmatig:a
oppervlakten	oppervlakte:n
oppervlaktes	oppervlakte:n
gelijkmatiger	gelijkmatig:a
gelijkmatigst	gelijkmatig:a
gelijkmatige	gelijkmatig:a
gelijkmatigere	gelijkmatig:a
gelijkmatigste	gelijkmatig:a
bevolkingsdichtheden	bevolkingsdichtheid:n
bevolk	bevolken:v
bevolkte	bevolken:v
bevolkt	bevolken:v
bevolkten	bevolken:v
bevolkend	bevolken:v
etnischer	etnisch:a
etnischt	etnisch:a
etnische	etnisch:a
etnischere	etnisch:a
etnischte	etnisch:a
staatshoofden	staatshoofd:n
staatshoofdje	staatshoofd:n
omleidingen	omleiding:n
omleidinkje	omleiding:n
behaal	behalen:v
behaalde	behalen:v
behaalt	behalen:v
behaalden	behalen:v
behalend	behalen:v
behaald	behalen:v
handelaars	handelaar:n
handelaren	handelaar:n
handelaartje	handelaar:n
binnentrek	binnentrekken:v
binnentrok	binnentrekken:v
binnentrekt	binnentrekken:v
binnentrokken	binnentrekken:v
binnentrekkend	binnentrekken:v
binnengetrokken	binnentrekken:v
systeembeheerders	systeembeheerder:n
systeembeheerdertje	systeembeheerder:n
groepsgewijze	groepsgewijs:a
sluiker	sluik:a
sluikst	sluik:a
sluike	sluik:a
sluikere	sluik:a
sluikste	sluik:a
overmatiger	overmatig:a
overmatigst	overmatig:a
overmatige	overmatig:a
overmatigere	overmatig:a
overmatigste	overmatig:a
hoffelijker	hoffelijk:a
hoffelijkst	hoffelijk:a
hoffelijke	hoffelijk:a
hoffelijkere	hoffelijk:a
hoffelijkste	hoffelijk:a
aanpassingen	aanpassing:n
aanpassinkje	aanpassing:n
overschakel	overschakelen:v
overschakelde	overschakelen:v
overschakelt	overschakelen:v
overschakelden	overschakelen:v
overschakelend	overschakelen:v
overgeschakeld	overschakelen:v
buigzamer	buigzaam:a
buigzaamst	buigzaam:a
buigzame	buigzaam:a
buigzamere	buigzaam:a
buigzaamste	buigzaam:a
ijdelheden	ijdelheid:n
ijdelheidje	ijdelheid:n
bergbewoners	bergbewoner:n
bergbewonertje	bergbewoner:n
vooroordelen	vooroordeel:n
vooroordeeltje	vooroordeel:n
onbeschaafder	onbeschaafd:a
onbeschaafdst	onbeschaafd:a
onbeschaafde	onbeschaafd:a
onbeschaafdere	onbeschaafd:a
onbeschaafdste	onbeschaafd:a
beschaafder	beschaafd:a
beschaafdst	beschaafd:a
beschaafde	beschaafd:a|beschaven:v
beschaafdere	beschaafd:a
beschaafdste	beschaafd:a
beschaafd	beschaven:v
beschaaf	beschaven:v
beschaaft	beschaven:v
beschaafden	beschaven:v
beschavend	beschaven:v
kwetsbaarder	kwetsbaar:a
kwetsbaarst	kwetsbaar:a
kwetsbare	kwetsbaar:a
kwetsbaardere	kwetsbaar:a
kwetsbaarste	kwetsbaar:a
verarmingen	verarming:n
constateer	constateren:v
constateerde	constateren:v
constateert	constateren:v
constateerden	constateren:v
constaterend	constateren:v
geconstateerd	constateren:v
summierder	summier:a
summierst	summier:a
summiere	summier:a
summierdere	summier:a
summierste	summier:a
eigenaardiger	eigenaardig:a
eigenaardigst	eigenaardig:a
eigenaardige	eigenaardig:a
eigenaardigere	eigenaardig:a
eigenaardigste	eigenaardig:a
eigenaardigheden	eigenaardigheid:n
eigenaardigheidje	eigenaardigheid:n
ruk	rukken:v
rukte	rukken:v
rukt	rukken:v
rukten	rukken:v
rukkend	rukken:v
gerukt	rukken:v
rukken	ruk:n
behaag	behagen:v
behaagde	behagen:v
behaagt	behagen:v
behaagden	behagen:v
behagend	behagen:v
behaagd	behagen:v
grensgebieden	grensgebied:n
grensgebiedje	grensgebied:n
afwijkender	afwijkend:a
afwijkendst	afwijkend:a
afwijkende	afwijkend:a
afwijkendere	afwijkend:a
afwijkendste	afwijkend:a
hul	hullen:v
hulde	hullen:v
hult	hullen:v
hulden	hullen:v
hullend	hullen:v
gehuld	hullen:v
betwijfel	betwijfelen:v
betwijfelde	betwijfelen:v
betwijfelt	betwijfelen:v
betwijfelden	betwijfelen:v
betwijfelend	betwijfelen:v
betwijfeld	betwijfelen:v
bestuurlijke	bestuurlijk:a
beboster	bebost:a
bebostst	bebost:a
beboste	bebost:a|bebossen:v
bebostere	bebost:a
bebostste	bebost:a
bebost	bebossen:v
bebosten	bebossen:v
bebossend	bebossen:v
bladverliezende	bladverliezend:a
verblijfplaatsen	verblijfplaats:n
verblijfplaatsje	verblijfplaats:n
verblijven	verblijf:n
verblijfje	verblijf:n
herbergzamer	herbergzaam:a
herbergzaamst	herbergzaam:a
herbergzame	herbergzaam:a
herbergzamere	herbergzaam:a
herbergzaamste	herbergzaam:a
schraler	schraal:a
schraalst	schraal:a
schrale	schraal:a
schralere	schraal:a
schraalste	schraal:a
telefoneer	telefoneren:v
telefoneerde	telefoneren:v
telefoneert	telefoneren:v
telefoneerden	telefoneren:v
telefonerend	telefoneren:v
getelefoneerd	telefoneren:v
begroei	begroeien:v
begroeide	begroeien:v
begroeit	begroeien:v
begroeiden	begroeien:v
begroeiend	begroeien:v
begroeid	begroeien:v
kaarsrechte	kaarsrecht:a
onthul	onthullen:v
onthulde	onthullen:v
onthult	onthullen:v
onthulden	onthullen:v
onthullend	onthullen:v
onthuld	onthullen:v
matrassen	matras:n
matrasje	matras:n
janken	jank:n
jankje	jank:n
jank	janken:v
tweetallige	tweetallig:a
psychologen	psycholoog:n
psycholoogje	psycholoog:n
stuwen	stuw:n
stuw	stuwen:v
stuwde	stuwen:v
stuwt	stuwen:v
stuwden	stuwen:v
stuwend	stuwen:v
gestuwd	stuwen:v
stuwtje	stuw:n
patiënten	patiënt:n
patiëntje	patiënt:n
waterkeringen	waterkering:n
waterkerinkje	waterkering:n
hieraan	aan:d
spannender	spannend:a
spannendst	spannend:a
spannende	spannend:a
spannendere	spannend:a
spannendste	spannend:a
vraagtekens	vraagteken:n
vraagtekentje	vraagteken:n
leestekens	leesteken:n
leestekentje	leesteken:n
uitroeptekens	uitroepteken:n
uitroeptekentje	uitroepteken:n
aanbeveel	aanbevelen:v
aanbeval	aanbevelen:v
aanbeveelt	aanbevelen:v
aanbevalen	aanbevelen:v
aanbevelend	aanbevelen:v
aanbevolen	aanbevelen:v
aanbevelingen	aanbeveling:n
aanbevelinkje	aanbeveling:n
blindheden	blindheid:n
sommige	sommig:t
blaren	blaar:n|blad:n
blaartje	blaar:n
blaar	blaren:v
blom	bloem:n
blommen	blom:n
blommetje	blom:n
blommeke	blom:n
blommechie	blom:n
vlerken	vlerk:n
vlerkje	vlerk:n
kotsje	kots:n
kots	kotsen:v
braak	braken:v
waai	waaien:v
doodga	doodgaan:v
doodging	doodgaan:v
doodgaat	doodgaan:v
doodgingen	doodgaan:v
doodgaand	doodgaan:v
doodgegaan	doodgaan:v
vloeien	vloei:n
vloeitje	vloei:n
klippen	klip:n
klipje	klip:n
sleggen	sleg:n
urenlange	urenlang:a
valsspeel	valsspelen:v
valsspeelde	valsspelen:v
valsspeelt	valsspelen:v
valsspeelden	valsspelen:v
valsspelend	valsspelen:v
valsgespeeld	valsspelen:v
valsspelers	valsspeler:n
valsspelertje	valsspeler:n
spelers	speler:n
spelertje	speler:n
asem	adem:n
speeltjes	speeltje:n
bijv.	bijvoorbeeld:d
toeristen	toerist:n
toeristje	toerist:n
castreer	castreren:v
castreerde	castreren:v
castreert	castreren:v
castreerden	castreren:v
castrerend	castreren:v
gecastreerd	castreren:v
gevangenisstraffen	gevangenisstraf:n
gevangenisstrafje	gevangenisstraf:n
gevangenschappen	gevangenschap:n
rechtbanken	rechtbank:n
rechtbankje	rechtbank:n
rechtbank	aanrechtbank:n
uitvoeringen	uitvoering:n
uitvoerinkje	uitvoering:n
flexibeler	flexibel:a
flexibelst	flexibel:a
flexibele	flexibel:a
flexibelere	flexibel:a
flexibelste	flexibel:a
Drente	Drenthe:m
grondrechten	grondrecht:n
rechtsstaten	rechtsstaat:n
rechtsstaatje	rechtsstaat:n
willekeuren	willekeur:n
garstiger	garstig:a
garstigst	garstig:a
garstige	garstig:a
garstigere	garstig:a
garstigste	garstig:a
coëfficiënten	coëfficiënt:n
coëfficiëntje	coëfficiënt:n
verbeeldingen	verbeelding:n
Azie	Azië:m
cyrillische	cyrillisch:a
drinkbaarder	drinkbaar:a
drinkbaarst	drinkbaar:a
drinkbare	drinkbaar:a
drinkbaardere	drinkbaar:a
drinkbaarste	drinkbaar:a
ondrinkbaarder	ondrinkbaar:a
ondrinkbaarst	ondrinkbaar:a
ondrinkbare	ondrinkbaar:a
ondrinkbaardere	ondrinkbaar:a
ondrinkbaarste	ondrinkbaar:a
gasse	gassen:v
toegangen	toegang:n
toegangetje	toegang:n
toegankelijker	toegankelijk:a
toegankelijkst	toegankelijk:a
toegankelijke	toegankelijk:a
toegankelijkere	toegankelijk:a
toegankelijkste	toegankelijk:a
pluk	plukken:v
plukte	plukken:v
plukt	plukken:v
plukten	plukken:v
plukkend	plukken:v
geplukt	plukken:v
plukken	pluk:n
parallellogrammen	parallellogram:n
parallellogrammetje	parallellogram:n
denkbare	denkbaar:a
denkbaarder	denkbaar:a
denkbaarst	denkbaar:a
denkbaardere	denkbaar:a
denkbaarste	denkbaar:a
ondenkbaarder	ondenkbaar:a
ondenkbaarst	ondenkbaar:a
ondenkbare	ondenkbaar:a
ondenkbaardere	ondenkbaar:a
ondenkbaarste	ondenkbaar:a
rendementen	rendement:n
rendementje	rendement:n
moedelozer	moedeloos:a
moedeloost	moedeloos:a
moedeloze	moedeloos:a
moedelozere	moedeloos:a
moedelooste	moedeloos:a
jollen	jol:n
jolletje	jol:n
punaises	punaise:n
punaisetje	punaise:n
grotesker	grotesk:a
groteskst	grotesk:a
groteske	grotesk:a
groteskere	grotesk:a
groteskste	grotesk:a
schijnheiliger	schijnheilig:a
schijnheiligst	schijnheilig:a
schijnheilige	schijnheilig:a
schijnheiligere	schijnheilig:a
schijnheiligste	schijnheilig:a
ellipsen	ellips:n
ellipsje	ellips:n
leidingen	leiding:n
leidinkje	leiding:n
respectievelijke	respectievelijk:a
verban	verbannen:v
verbande	verbannen:v
verbant	verbannen:v
verbannend	verbannen:v
havensteden	havenstad:n
havenstadje	havenstad:n
arriveer	arriveren:v
arriveerde	arriveren:v
arriveert	arriveren:v
arriveerden	arriveren:v
arriverend	arriveren:v
gearriveerd	arriveren:v
amendementen	amendement:n
amendementje	amendement:n
weglaat	weglaten:v
wegliet	weglaten:v
weglieten	weglaten:v
weglatend	weglaten:v
weggelaten	weglaten:v
denkers	denker:n
denkertje	denker:n
huemuls	huemul:n
strandde	stranden:v
strandt	stranden:v
strandden	stranden:v
strandend	stranden:v
gestrand	stranden:v
tegenstrijdigheden	tegenstrijdigheid:n
tegenstrijdigheidje	tegenstrijdigheid:n
vermeende	vermeend:a
redeneringen	redenering:n
redenerinkje	redenering:n
Kretenzers	Kretenzer:n
Kretenzertje	Kretenzer:n
leugenaars	leugenaar:n
leugenaartje	leugenaar:n
leugens	leugen:n
leugentje	leugen:n
veronderstellingen	veronderstelling:n
veronderstellinkje	veronderstelling:n
silanen	silaan:n
kaffers	kaffer:n
kaffertje	kaffer:n
overloop	overlopen:v
overliep	overlopen:v
overloopt	overlopen:v
overliepen	overlopen:v
overlopend	overlopen:v
overgelopen	overlopen:v
onderloop	onderlopen:v
onderliep	onderlopen:v
onderloopt	onderlopen:v
onderliepen	onderlopen:v
onderlopend	onderlopen:v
ondergelopen	onderlopen:v
overstromingen	overstroming:n
overstrominkje	overstroming:n
bemerk	bemerken:v
bemerkte	bemerken:v
bemerkt	bemerken:v
bemerkten	bemerken:v
bemerkend	bemerken:v
Salomon	Salomo:m
polymeren	polymeer:n
polymeertje	polymeer:n
thermoplasten	thermoplast:n
transparanties	transparantie:n
transparanter	transparant:a
transparantst	transparant:a
transparante	transparant:a
transparantere	transparant:a
transparantste	transparant:a
transparanten	transparant:n
transparantje	transparant:n
afzie	afzien:v
afzag	afzien:v
afziet	afzien:v
afzagen	afzien:v
afziend	afzien:v
afgezien	afzien:v
graveurs	graveur:n
graveurtje	graveur:n
gravures	gravure:n
uitdr.	uitdrukking:n
beschadigingen	beschadiging:n
beschadigingetje	beschadiging:n
opzichte	opzicht:n
hittebestendiger	hittebestendig:a
hittebestendigst	hittebestendig:a
hittebestendige	hittebestendig:a
hittebestendigere	hittebestendig:a
hittebestendigste	hittebestendig:a
inkomsten	inkomst:n
ontkom	ontkomen:v
ontkwam	ontkomen:v
ontkomt	ontkomen:v
ontkwamen	ontkomen:v
ontkomend	ontkomen:v
diftongen	diftong:n
diftongetje	diftong:n
gletsjers	gletsjer:n
gletsjertje	gletsjer:n
ruiger	ruig:a
ruigst	ruig:a
ruigere	ruig:a
ruigste	ruig:a
uitzet	uitzetten:v
uitzette	uitzetten:v
uitzettend	uitzetten:v
uitgezet	uitzetten:v
haarden	haard:n
haardje	haard:n
richtlijnen	richtlijn:n
richtlijntje	richtlijn:n
boomgaarden	boomgaard:n
boomgaardje	boomgaard:n
hieruit	uit:d
spraakzamer	spraakzaam:a
spraakzaamst	spraakzaam:a
spraakzame	spraakzaam:a
spraakzamere	spraakzaam:a
spraakzaamste	spraakzaam:a
beschouwingen	beschouwing:n
beschouwinkje	beschouwing:n
chronologischer	chronologisch:a
chronologischt	chronologisch:a
chronologische	chronologisch:a
chronologischere	chronologisch:a
chronologischte	chronologisch:a
systematischer	systematisch:a
systematischt	systematisch:a
systematische	systematisch:a
systematischere	systematisch:a
systematischte	systematisch:a
jovialer	joviaal:a
joviaalst	joviaal:a
joviale	joviaal:a
jovialere	joviaal:a
joviaalste	joviaal:a
tikte	tikken:v
tikt	tikken:v
tikten	tikken:v
tikkend	tikken:v
getikt	tikken:v
getikter	getikt:a
getiktst	getikt:a
getikte	getikt:a
getiktere	getikt:a
getiktste	getikt:a
trede	tree:n|treden:v
fokje	fok:n
patta	pata:n
godinnen	godin:n
godinnetje	godin:n
sikkels	sikkel:n
sikkeltje	sikkel:n
valkerijen	valkerij:n
roomijsje	roomijs:n
lantaarns	lantaarn:n
lantaarntje	lantaarn:n
rijsttafels	rijsttafel:n
rijsttafeltje	rijsttafel:n
spijkerstoffen	spijkerstof:n
spijkerstofje	spijkerstof:n
vager	vaag:a
vaagst	vaag:a
vagere	vaag:a
vaagste	vaag:a
vaag	vagen:v
scheetje	scheet:n
gapen	gaap:n
gaapje	gaap:n
gaap	gapen:v
gaapte	gapen:v
gaapt	gapen:v
gaapten	gapen:v
gapend	gapen:v
gegaapt	gapen:v
gapende	gapend:a
verwen	verwennen:v|verven:v
verwende	verwennen:v
verwent	verwennen:v
verwenden	verwennen:v
verwennend	verwennen:v
verwend	verwennen:v
gebakje	gebak:n
sleutelkinderen	sleutelkind:n
sleutelkindje	sleutelkind:n
sleutelkindertje	sleutelkind:n
gespen	gesp:n
gespje	gesp:n
gesp	gespen:v
granmans	granman:n
griffels	griffel:n
griffeltje	griffel:n
wrakken	wrak:n
wrakje	wrak:n
wrakke	wrak:a
vervolgje	vervolg:n
krijgskunsten	krijgskunst:n
oorlogsverklaringen	oorlogsverklaring:n
oorlogsverklarinkje	oorlogsverklaring:n
robinsonades	robinsonade:n
robinsonaden	robinsonade:n
karossen	karos:n
karosje	karos:n
NRW	Noordrijn-Westfalen:m
middelmatiger	middelmatig:a
middelmatigst	middelmatig:a
middelmatige	middelmatig:a
middelmatigere	middelmatig:a
middelmatigste	middelmatig:a
OV	Overijssel:m|ov:n
aardbeienplanten	aardbeienplant:n
aardbeienplantje	aardbeienplant:n
onleesbaarder	onleesbaar:a
onleesbaarst	onleesbaar:a
onleesbare	onleesbaar:a
onleesbaardere	onleesbaar:a
onleesbaarste	onleesbaar:a
Armenen	Armeen:n
Armeentje	Armeen:n
Mongolen	Mongool:n
flukser	fluks:a
flukst	fluks:a
flukse	fluks:a
fluksere	fluks:a
flukste	fluks:a
neurotischer	neurotisch:a
neurotischt	neurotisch:a
neurotische	neurotisch:a
neurotischere	neurotisch:a
neurotischte	neurotisch:a
geschutskoepels	geschutskoepel:n
geschutskoepeltje	geschutskoepel:n
halfgeleiders	halfgeleider:n
halfgeleidertje	halfgeleider:n
muziekinstrumenten	muziekinstrument:n
muziekinstrumentje	muziekinstrument:n
klapje	klap:n
wetenschappers	wetenschapper:n
wetenschappertje	wetenschapper:n
kapstokken	kapstok:n
kapstokje	kapstok:n
commerciëler	commercieel:a
commercieelst	commercieel:a
commerciële	commercieel:a
commerciëlere	commercieel:a
commercieelste	commercieel:a
pre's	pre:n
preetje	pre:n
ambities	ambitie:n
ambitietje	ambitie:n
ambtenaren	ambtenaar:n
ambtenaars	ambtenaar:n
ambtenaartje	ambtenaar:n
malven	malve:n
malves	malve:n
ophef	opheffen:v
ophief	opheffen:v
opheft	opheffen:v
ophieven	opheffen:v
opheffend	opheffen:v
opgeheven	opheffen:v
stuiter	stuiteren:v
stuiterde	stuiteren:v
stuitert	stuiteren:v
stuiterden	stuiteren:v
stuiterend	stuiteren:v
gestuiterd	stuiteren:v
moedervlekken	moedervlek:n
moedervlekje	moedervlek:n
kuipen	kuip:n
kuip	kuipen:v
kriebel	kriebelen:v
kriebelde	kriebelen:v
kriebelt	kriebelen:v
kriebelden	kriebelen:v
kriebelend	kriebelen:v
gekriebeld	kriebelen:v
zoemers	zoemer:n
zoemertje	zoemer:n
zoem	zoemen:v
zoemde	zoemen:v
zoemt	zoemen:v
zoemden	zoemen:v
zoemend	zoemen:v
gezoemd	zoemen:v
wekkers	wekker:n
wekkertje	wekker:n
ril	rillen:v
rilde	rillen:v
rilt	rillen:v
rilden	rillen:v
rillend	rillen:v
gerild	rillen:v
zonnebrillen	zonnebril:n
zonnebrilletje	zonnebril:n
kriebels	kriebel:n
kriebeltje	kriebel:n
kippenvellen	kippenvel:n
kippenvelletje	kippenvel:n
bezaai	bezaaien:v
bezaaide	bezaaien:v
bezaait	bezaaien:v
bezaaiden	bezaaien:v
bezaaiend	bezaaien:v
bezaaid	bezaaien:v
pingpong	pingpongen:v
jage	jagen:v
trillingen	trilling:n
trillinkje	trilling:n
tegenga	tegengaan:v
tegenging	tegengaan:v
tegengaat	tegengaan:v
tegengingen	tegengaan:v
tegengaand	tegengaan:v
tegengegaan	tegengaan:v
korrels	korrel:n
korreltje	korrel:n
pasvormen	pasvorm:n
pasvormpje	pasvorm:n
penningmeesters	penningmeester:n
penningmeestertje	penningmeester:n
mededelen	meedelen:v
meedelingen	meedeling:n
meedelinkje	meedeling:n
schever	scheef:a
scheefst	scheef:a
scheve	scheef:a
schevere	scheef:a
scheefste	scheef:a
scheven	scheef:n
scheefje	scheef:n
baaltje	baal:n
verlicht	verlichten:v
verlichtte	verlichten:v
verlichtten	verlichten:v
verlichtend	verlichten:v
donderstenen	dondersteen:n
dondersteentje	dondersteen:n
mutsen	muts:n
mutsje	muts:n
kragen	kraag:n
kraagje	kraag:n
stugger	stug:a
stugst	stug:a
stugge	stug:a
stuggere	stug:a
stugste	stug:a
aanspraakje	aanspraak:n
zieken	zieke:n
baronieën	baronie:n
baronietje	baronie:n
burchten	burcht:n
burchtje	burcht:n
geintjes	geintje:n
ijkpunten	ijkpunt:n
ijkpuntje	ijkpunt:n
hardheden	hardheid:n
hardheidje	hardheid:n
edelstenen	edelsteen:n
edelsteentje	edelsteen:n
sieraden	sieraad:n
sieraadje	sieraad:n
verfraai	verfraaien:v
verfraaide	verfraaien:v
verfraait	verfraaien:v
verfraaiden	verfraaien:v
verfraaiend	verfraaien:v
verfraaid	verfraaien:v
talrijker	talrijk:a
talrijkst	talrijk:a
talrijke	talrijk:a
talrijkere	talrijk:a
talrijkste	talrijk:a
groenachtiger	groenachtig:a
groenachtigst	groenachtig:a
groenachtige	groenachtig:a
groenachtigere	groenachtig:a
groenachtigste	groenachtig:a
schatje	schat:n
weerkaats	weerkaatsen:v
weerkaatste	weerkaatsen:v
weerkaatst	weerkaatsen:v
weerkaatsten	weerkaatsen:v
weerkaatsend	weerkaatsen:v
onthoudingen	onthouding:n
serener	sereen:a
prikje	prik:n
echtgenotes	echtgenote:n
zaden	zaad:n
zaadje	zaad:n
vingernagels	vingernagel:n
vingernageltje	vingernagel:n
braakte	braken:v
braakt	braken:v|breken:v
braakten	braken:v
brakend	braken:v
gebraakt	braken:v
splijt	splijten:v
splijtend	splijten:v
gespleten	splijten:v
krabde	krabben:v
krabt	krabben:v
krabden	krabben:v
krabbend	krabben:v
gekrabd	krabben:v
knoopte	knopen:v
knoopt	knopen:v
knoopten	knopen:v
knopend	knopen:v
geknoopt	knopen:v
verdwaalder	verdwaald:a
verdwaaldst	verdwaald:a
verdwaalde	verdwaald:a|verdwalen:v
verdwaaldere	verdwaald:a
verdwaaldste	verdwaald:a
verdwaald	verdwalen:v
vijandelijker	vijandelijk:a
vijandelijkst	vijandelijk:a
vijandelijke	vijandelijk:a
vijandelijkere	vijandelijk:a
vijandelijkste	vijandelijk:a
bleien	blei:n
bleitje	blei:n
blei	blij:n
tevredenheden	tevredenheid:n
beleg	beleggen:v
belegde	beleggen:v
belegt	beleggen:v
belegden	beleggen:v
beleggend	beleggen:v
belegd	beleggen:v
begroet	begroeten:v
begroette	begroeten:v
begroetten	begroeten:v
begroetend	begroeten:v
bm.	bisdom:n
heimelijker	heimelijk:a
heimelijkst	heimelijk:a
heimelijke	heimelijk:a
heimelijkere	heimelijk:a
heimelijkste	heimelijk:a
sneeuwvlokken	sneeuwvlok:n
sneeuwvlokje	sneeuwvlok:n
bassons	basson:n
vriendelijkheden	vriendelijkheid:n
vriendelijkheidje	vriendelijkheid:n
feministischer	feministisch:a
feministischt	feministisch:a
feministische	feministisch:a
feministischere	feministisch:a
feministischte	feministisch:a
braaie	braaien:v
spieren	spier:n
spiertje	spier:n
spier	spieren:v
bekje	bek:n
botters	botter:n
bottertje	botter:n
weggooi	weggooien:v
weggooide	weggooien:v
weggooit	weggooien:v
weggooiden	weggooien:v
weggooiend	weggooien:v
weggegooid	weggooien:v
jatte	jatten:v
jattend	jatten:v
gejat	jatten:v
fietsenrekken	fietsenrek:n
fietsenrekje	fietsenrek:n
vechtsporten	vechtsport:n
vechtsportje	vechtsport:n
streepkleuren	streepkleur:n
schatkamers	schatkamer:n
schatkamertje	schatkamer:n
brekingsindices	brekingsindex:n
brekingsindexen	brekingsindex:n
terugkaatsingen	terugkaatsing:n
polijst	polijsten:v
polijstte	polijsten:v
polijstten	polijsten:v
polijstend	polijsten:v
gepolijst	polijsten:v
bezwaren	bezwaar:n
bezwaartje	bezwaar:n
bezwaar	bezwaren:v
bewijsje	bewijs:n
bedragje	bedrag:n
smokkel	smokkelen:v
smokkelde	smokkelen:v
smokkelt	smokkelen:v
smokkelden	smokkelen:v
smokkelend	smokkelen:v
gesmokkeld	smokkelen:v
verlokkelijker	verlokkelijk:a
verlokkelijkst	verlokkelijk:a
verlokkelijke	verlokkelijk:a
verlokkelijkere	verlokkelijk:a
verlokkelijkste	verlokkelijk:a
verlok	verlokken:v
verlokte	verlokken:v
verlokt	verlokken:v
verlokten	verlokken:v
verlokkend	verlokken:v
inwonertallen	inwonertal:n
aansluitende	aansluitend:a
zandlagen	zandlaag:n
zandlaagje	zandlaag:n
spoel	spoelen:v
spoelde	spoelen:v
spoelt	spoelen:v
spoelden	spoelen:v
spoelend	spoelen:v
gespoeld	spoelen:v
spoelen	spoel:n
gorgel	gorgelen:v
gorgelde	gorgelen:v
gorgelt	gorgelen:v
gorgelden	gorgelen:v
gorgelend	gorgelen:v
gegorgeld	gorgelen:v
toestemmingen	toestemming:n
licenties	licentie:n
producenten	producent:n
producentje	producent:n
meerderheden	meerderheid:n
meerderheidje	meerderheid:n
meerder	meerderen:v
eiwitten	eiwit:n
eiwitje	eiwit:n
karaats	karaat:n
karaten	karaat:n
johannesbroodbomen	johannesbroodboom:n
johannesbroodboompje	johannesbroodboom:n
johannesbroodje	johannesbrood:n
edelmetalen	edelmetaal:n
edelmetaaltje	edelmetaal:n
gehalten	gehalte:n
gehaltes	gehalte:n
gehaltetje	gehalte:n
kloofde	kloven:v
klooft	kloven:v|klieven:v|kluiven:v
kloofden	kloven:v
klovend	kloven:v
gekloofd	kloven:v
keurvorsten	keurvorst:n
keurvorstje	keurvorst:n
sierde	sieren:v
siert	sieren:v
sierden	sieren:v
sierend	sieren:v
gesierd	sieren:v
stoutmoediger	stoutmoedig:a
stoutmoedigst	stoutmoedig:a
stoutmoedige	stoutmoedig:a
stoutmoedigere	stoutmoedig:a
stoutmoedigste	stoutmoedig:a
moediger	moedig:a
moedigst	moedig:a
moedige	moedig:a
moedigere	moedig:a
moedigste	moedig:a
gezanten	gezant:n
gezantje	gezant:n
Indiaser	Indiaas:a
Indiaast	Indiaas:a
Indiase	Indiaas:a
Indiasere	Indiaas:a
Indiaaste	Indiaas:a
bovenhaal	bovenhalen:v
bovenhaalde	bovenhalen:v
bovenhaalt	bovenhalen:v
bovenhaalden	bovenhalen:v
bovenhalend	bovenhalen:v
bovengehaald	bovenhalen:v
schitteringen	schittering:n
schitteringetje	schittering:n
schitterinkje	schittering:n
verfijningen	verfijning:n
verfijninkje	verfijning:n
rondisten	rondist:n
maaksels	maaksel:n
maakseltje	maaksel:n
zuiverheden	zuiverheid:n
zuiverder	zuiver:a
zuiverst	zuiver:a
zuivere	zuiver:a|zuiveren:v
zuiverdere	zuiver:a
zuiverste	zuiver:a
loepzuivere	loepzuiver:a
inwendige	inwendig:a
uitwendige	uitwendig:a
realistischer	realistisch:a
realistischt	realistisch:a
realistische	realistisch:a
realistischere	realistisch:a
realistischte	realistisch:a
paranormale	paranormaal:a
tengels	tengel:n
nisje	nis:n
veronderstel	veronderstellen:v
veronderstelde	veronderstellen:v
veronderstelt	veronderstellen:v
veronderstelden	veronderstellen:v
veronderstellend	veronderstellen:v
verondersteld	veronderstellen:v
rotsachtiger	rotsachtig:a
rotsachtigst	rotsachtig:a
rotsachtige	rotsachtig:a
rotsachtigere	rotsachtig:a
rotsachtigste	rotsachtig:a
omring	omringen:v
omringde	omringen:v
omringt	omringen:v
omringden	omringen:v
omringend	omringen:v
omringd	omringen:v
toupetten	toupet:n
toupets	toupet:n
toupetje	toupet:n
telescopen	telescoop:n
telescoopje	telescoop:n
lande	landen:v|land:n
uiteenlopender	uiteenlopend:a
uiteenlopendst	uiteenlopend:a
uiteenlopende	uiteenlopend:a
uiteenlopendere	uiteenlopend:a
uiteenlopendste	uiteenlopend:a
uiteenlopend	uiteenlopen:v
verkenningen	verkenning:n
verkenninkje	verkenning:n
helderheden	helderheid:n
schijven	schijf:n
schijfje	schijf:n
verrekijkers	verrekijker:n
verrekijkertje	verrekijker:n
uitdagender	uitdagend:a
uitdagendst	uitdagend:a
uitdagende	uitdagend:a
uitdagendere	uitdagend:a
uitdagendste	uitdagend:a
uitdagend	uitdagen:v
diegenen	diegene:r
ongemakken	ongemak:n
ongemakje	ongemak:n
ongemakkelijker	ongemakkelijk:a
ongemakkelijkst	ongemakkelijk:a
ongemakkelijke	ongemakkelijk:a
ongemakkelijkere	ongemakkelijk:a
ongemakkelijkste	ongemakkelijk:a
opwek	opwekken:v
opwekte	opwekken:v
opwekt	opwekken:v
opwekten	opwekken:v
opwekkend	opwekken:v
opgewekt	opwekken:v
brandschilder	brandschilderen:v
brandschilderde	brandschilderen:v
brandschildert	brandschilderen:v
brandschilderden	brandschilderen:v
brandschilderend	brandschilderen:v
gebrandschilderd	brandschilderen:v
tallozer	talloos:a
talloost	talloos:a
talloze	talloos:a
tallozere	talloos:a
tallooste	talloos:a
luchtbellen	luchtbel:n
luchtbelletje	luchtbel:n
levendiger	levendig:a
levendigst	levendig:a
levendige	levendig:a
levendigere	levendig:a
levendigste	levendig:a
gerichter	gericht:a
gerichtst	gericht:a
gerichte	gericht:a
gerichtere	gericht:a
gerichtste	gericht:a
trefzekerder	trefzeker:a
trefzekerst	trefzeker:a
trefzekere	trefzeker:a
trefzekerdere	trefzeker:a
trefzekerste	trefzeker:a
vluchtelingen	vluchteling:n
vluchtelingetje	vluchteling:n
pendel	pendelen:v
pendelde	pendelen:v
pendelt	pendelen:v
pendelden	pendelen:v
pendelend	pendelen:v
gependeld	pendelen:v
bovenkanten	bovenkant:n
bovenkantje	bovenkant:n
onderkanten	onderkant:n
onderkantje	onderkant:n
waterputten	waterput:n
waterputje	waterput:n
weddenschappen	weddenschap:n
weddenschapje	weddenschap:n
aflijden	afleiden:v
wikkel	wikkelen:v
wikkelde	wikkelen:v
wikkelt	wikkelen:v
wikkelden	wikkelen:v
wikkelend	wikkelen:v
gewikkeld	wikkelen:v
verwarmingen	verwarming:n
verwarminkje	verwarming:n
ontspan	ontspannen:v
ontspande	ontspannen:v
ontspant	ontspannen:v
ontspanden	ontspannen:v
ontspannend	ontspannen:v
hokje	hok:n
hokjes	hokje:n
onpraktischer	onpraktisch:a
onpraktischt	onpraktisch:a
onpraktische	onpraktisch:a
onpraktischere	onpraktisch:a
onpraktischte	onpraktisch:a
zwerfsters	zwerfster:n
zwerfstertje	zwerfster:n
uitstootje	uitstoot:n
gijzel	gijzelen:v
gijzelde	gijzelen:v
gijzelt	gijzelen:v
gijzelden	gijzelen:v
gijzelend	gijzelen:v
gegijzeld	gijzelen:v
uitwerpselen	uitwerpsel:n
uitwerpsels	uitwerpsel:n
uitwerpseltje	uitwerpsel:n
vermink	verminken:v
verminkte	verminken:v
verminkt	verminken:v
verminkten	verminken:v
verminkend	verminken:v
opzettelijker	opzettelijk:a
opzettelijkst	opzettelijk:a
opzettelijke	opzettelijk:a
opzettelijkere	opzettelijk:a
opzettelijkste	opzettelijk:a
tekeningen	tekening:n
tekeningetje	tekening:n
tekeninkje	tekening:n
verneder	vernederen:v
vernederde	vernederen:v
vernedert	vernederen:v
vernederden	vernederen:v
vernederend	vernederen:v
vernederd	vernederen:v
martelde	martelen:v
martelt	martelen:v
martelden	martelen:v
martelend	martelen:v
gemarteld	martelen:v
exhibitionistische	exhibitionistisch:a
woven	wuiven:v
prosodieën	prosodie:n
verspreidingen	verspreiding:n
verspreidinkje	verspreiding:n
monografieën	monografie:n
leveranciers	leverancier:n
leveranciertje	leverancier:n
voedingen	voeding:n
voedinkje	voeding:n
onderdakje	onderdak:n
verschaf	verschaffen:v
verschafte	verschaffen:v
verschaft	verschaffen:v
verschaften	verschaffen:v
verschaffend	verschaffen:v
reizigers	reiziger:n
reizigertje	reiziger:n
afstammelingen	afstammeling:n
afstammelinkje	afstammeling:n
flik	flikken:v
flikte	flikken:v
flikt	flikken:v
flikten	flikken:v
flikkend	flikken:v
geflikt	flikken:v
flikken	flik:n
genoegens	genoegen:n
genoegentje	genoegen:n
voorraden	voorraad:n
voorraadje	voorraad:n
vernieuwingen	vernieuwing:n
vernieuwinkje	vernieuwing:n
omwegen	omweg:n
omweggetje	omweg:n
trouwerijen	trouwerij:n
trouwerijtje	trouwerij:n
dreefje	dreef:n
middenstanders	middenstander:n
middenstandertje	middenstander:n
eetgewoonten	eetgewoonte:n
eetgewoontes	eetgewoonte:n
uitmaak	uitmaken:v
uitmaakte	uitmaken:v
uitmaakt	uitmaken:v
uitmaakten	uitmaken:v
uitmakend	uitmaken:v
uitgemaakt	uitmaken:v
oppak	oppakken:v
oppakte	oppakken:v
oppakt	oppakken:v
oppakten	oppakken:v
oppakkend	oppakken:v
opgepakt	oppakken:v
intredes	intrede:n
serveer	serveren:v
serveerde	serveren:v
serveert	serveren:v
serveerden	serveren:v
serverend	serveren:v
geserveerd	serveren:v
opeet	opeten:v
opat	opeten:v
opaten	opeten:v
opetend	opeten:v
opgegeten	opeten:v
omzetten	omzet:n
omzetje	omzet:n
detailhandels	detailhandel:n
detailhandeltje	detailhandel:n
groothandels	groothandel:n
groothandeltje	groothandel:n
toeleveranciers	toeleverancier:n
toeleveranciertje	toeleverancier:n
daarin	in:d
loempia's	loempia:n
loempiaatje	loempia:n
rupsen	rups:n
rupsje	rups:n
omleid	omleiden:v
omleidde	omleiden:v
omleidt	omleiden:v
omleidden	omleiden:v
omleidend	omleiden:v
omgeleid	omleiden:v
omrij	omrijden:v
omrijd	omrijden:v
omreed	omrijden:v
omrijdt	omrijden:v
omreden	omrijden:v
omrijdend	omrijden:v
omgereden	omrijden:v
omloop	omlopen:v
omliep	omlopen:v
omloopt	omlopen:v
omliepen	omlopen:v
omlopend	omlopen:v
omgelopen	omlopen:v
omlopen	omloop:n
deerde	deren:v
deert	deren:v
deerden	deren:v
derend	deren:v
gedeerd	deren:v
dramaturgen	dramaturg:n
dramaturgje	dramaturg:n
bekent	bekennen:v
bekennend	bekennen:v
nadeliger	nadelig:a
nadeligst	nadelig:a
nadelige	nadelig:a
nadeligere	nadelig:a
nadeligste	nadelig:a
voordeliger	voordelig:a
voordeligst	voordelig:a
voordelige	voordelig:a
voordeligere	voordelig:a
voordeligste	voordelig:a
bedevaarten	bedevaart:n
bedevaartje	bedevaart:n
promoveer	promoveren:v
promoveerde	promoveren:v
promoveert	promoveren:v
promoveerden	promoveren:v
promoverend	promoveren:v
gepromoveerd	promoveren:v
gestrenge	gestreng:a
bestuursambtenaars	bestuursambtenaar:n
bestuursambtenaren	bestuursambtenaar:n
bestuursambtenaartje	bestuursambtenaar:n
bemiddelingen	bemiddeling:n
antidota	antidotum:n
epicentra	epicentrum:n
epicentrums	epicentrum:n
epicentrumpje	epicentrum:n
knarretje	knar:n
trofeeën	trofee:n
trofeetje	trofee:n
dartele	dartelen:v|dartel:a
dactyli	dactylus:n
dactylen	dactylus:n
pitaya's	pitaya:n
pitayaatje	pitaya:n
tunica's	tunica:n
tunicae	tunica:n
trombocyten	trombocyt:n
kokkinnen	kokkin:n
kokkinnetje	kokkin:n
amputere	amputeren:v
analysere	analyseren:v
antedatere	antedateren:v
vernuftiger	vernuftig:a
vernuftigst	vernuftig:a
vernuftige	vernuftig:a
vernuftigere	vernuftig:a
vernuftigste	vernuftig:a
ramadans	ramadan:n
asociale	asociaal:a
weersta	weerstaan:v
weerstond	weerstaan:v
weerstaat	weerstaan:v
weerstonden	weerstaan:v
weerstaand	weerstaan:v
condensatoren	condensator:n
condensatortje	condensator:n
slomer	sloom:a
sloomst	sloom:a
slome	sloom:a
slomere	sloom:a
sloomste	sloom:a
wille	willen:v|wil:n
hortensia's	hortensia:n
hortensiaatje	hortensia:n
melke	melken:v
dramde	drammen:v
dramt	drammen:v
dramden	drammen:v
drammend	drammen:v
gedramd	drammen:v
buxussen	buxus:n
hadde	hebben:v
stagiaires	stagiaire:n
stagiairetje	stagiaire:n
azimuts	azimut:n
elektronvolts	elektronvolt:n
onopzettelijker	onopzettelijk:a
onopzettelijkst	onopzettelijk:a
onopzettelijke	onopzettelijk:a
onopzettelijkere	onopzettelijk:a
onopzettelijkste	onopzettelijk:a
belaste	belasten:v
woonsten	woonst:n
vervolgingen	vervolging:n
vervolginkje	vervolging:n
vernietigingskampen	vernietigingskamp:n
doorvertel	doorvertellen:v
doorvertelde	doorvertellen:v
doorvertelt	doorvertellen:v
doorvertelden	doorvertellen:v
doorvertellend	doorvertellen:v
doorverteld	doorvertellen:v
traumatischer	traumatisch:a
traumatischt	traumatisch:a
traumatische	traumatisch:a
traumatischere	traumatisch:a
traumatischte	traumatisch:a
bordeauxs	bordeaux:n
douaniers	douanier:n
kladde	kladden:v
kladt	kladden:v
kladdend	kladden:v
geklad	kladden:v
klier	klieren:v
klierde	klieren:v
kliert	klieren:v
klierden	klieren:v
klierend	klieren:v
geklierd	klieren:v
klieren	klier:n
zwaai	zwaaien:v
zwaaide	zwaaien:v
zwaait	zwaaien:v
zwaaiden	zwaaien:v
zwaaiend	zwaaien:v
gezwaaid	zwaaien:v
spuiten	spuit:n
spuitje	spuit:n
spuit	spuiten:v|spuien:v
vuilnisbakken	vuilnisbak:n
vuilnisbakje	vuilnisbak:n
trapte	trappen:v
trapten	trappen:v
trappend	trappen:v
getrapt	trappen:v
flaters	flater:n
flatertje	flater:n
pamfletten	pamflet:n
pamfletje	pamflet:n
degelijker	degelijk:a
degelijkst	degelijk:a
degelijke	degelijk:a
degelijkere	degelijk:a
degelijkste	degelijk:a
krukte	krukken:v
krukt	krukken:v
krukten	krukken:v
krukkend	krukken:v
gekrukt	krukken:v
eenwordingen	eenwording:n
altaren	altaar:n
altaartje	altaar:n
hoofdstedelijke	hoofdstedelijk:a
vastelanden	vasteland:n
stierengevechten	stierengevecht:n
stierengevechtje	stierengevecht:n
vissersdorpen	vissersdorp:n
vissersdorpje	vissersdorp:n
kustgebieden	kustgebied:n
kustgebiedje	kustgebied:n
minimumlonen	minimumloon:n
minimumloontje	minimumloon:n
kinderboerderijen	kinderboerderij:n
kinderboerderijtje	kinderboerderij:n
streekgerechten	streekgerecht:n
streekgerechtje	streekgerecht:n
vreugdevuren	vreugdevuur:n
vreugdevuurtje	vreugdevuur:n
bospaden	bospad:n
bospaadje	bospad:n
ontbindingen	ontbinding:n
hufters	hufter:n
huftertje	hufter:n
kraakpanden	kraakpand:n
kraakpandje	kraakpand:n
lucider	lucide:a
luciedst	lucide:a
lucidere	lucide:a
luciedste	lucide:a
opstoppingen	opstopping:n
opstoppinkje	opstopping:n
registreer	registreren:v
registreerde	registreren:v
registreert	registreren:v
registreerden	registreren:v
registrerend	registreren:v
geregistreerd	registreren:v
woonachtige	woonachtig:a
toevloeden	toevloed:n
daklozer	dakloos:a
dakloost	dakloos:a
dakloze	dakloos:a
daklozere	dakloos:a
daklooste	dakloos:a
terugvlieg	terugvliegen:v
terugvloog	terugvliegen:v
terugvliegt	terugvliegen:v
terugvlogen	terugvliegen:v
terugvliegend	terugvliegen:v
teruggevlogen	terugvliegen:v
overneem	overnemen:v
overnam	overnemen:v
overneemt	overnemen:v
overnamen	overnemen:v|overname:n
overnemend	overnemen:v
overgenomen	overnemen:v
oppik	oppikken:v
oppikte	oppikken:v
oppikt	oppikken:v
oppikten	oppikken:v
oppikkend	oppikken:v
opgepikt	oppikken:v
optiebeurzen	optiebeurs:n
optiebeursje	optiebeurs:n
opties	optie:n
optietje	optie:n
ruimtesondes	ruimtesonde:n
ruimtesondetje	ruimtesonde:n
vergoedingen	vergoeding:n
vergoedinkje	vergoeding:n
schadevergoedingen	schadevergoeding:n
schadevergoedinkje	schadevergoeding:n
corruptiezaken	corruptiezaak:n
corruptiezaakje	corruptiezaak:n
verwikkel	verwikkelen:v
verwikkelde	verwikkelen:v
verwikkelt	verwikkelen:v
verwikkelden	verwikkelen:v
verwikkelend	verwikkelen:v
verwikkeld	verwikkelen:v
welriekender	welriekend:a
welriekendst	welriekend:a
welriekende	welriekend:a
welriekendere	welriekend:a
welriekendste	welriekend:a
riek	rieken:v
riekt	rieken:v
riekend	rieken:v
programmeurs	programmeur:n
programmeurtje	programmeur:n
vergunningen	vergunning:n
vergunninkje	vergunning:n
beweid	beweiden:v
beweidde	beweiden:v
beweidt	beweiden:v
beweidden	beweiden:v
beweidend	beweiden:v
kelderde	kelderen:v
keldert	kelderen:v
kelderden	kelderen:v
kelderend	kelderen:v
gekelderd	kelderen:v
kazernen	kazerne:n
kazernes	kazerne:n
kazernetje	kazerne:n
herdenkingsdagen	herdenkingsdag:n
herdenkingsdagje	herdenkingsdag:n
rouwdagen	rouwdag:n
rouwdagje	rouwdag:n
verzinselen	verzinsel:n
verzinseltje	verzinsel:n
landingsgestellen	landingsgestel:n
landingsgestelletje	landingsgestel:n
organischer	organisch:a
organischt	organisch:a
organische	organisch:a
organischere	organisch:a
organischte	organisch:a
complexiteiten	complexiteit:n
rokkenjagers	rokkenjager:n
rokkenjagertje	rokkenjager:n
buitenstaanders	buitenstaander:n
buitenstaandertje	buitenstaander:n
interventies	interventie:n
interventietje	interventie:n
wederrechtelijke	wederrechtelijk:a
verdwaal	verdwalen:v
verdwaalt	verdwalen:v
verdwaalden	verdwalen:v
verdwalend	verdwalen:v
bekruip	bekruipen:v
bekroop	bekruipen:v
bekruipt	bekruipen:v
bekropen	bekruipen:v
bekruipend	bekruipen:v
snapte	snappen:v
snapt	snappen:v
snapten	snappen:v
snappend	snappen:v
gesnapt	snappen:v
straalde	stralen:v
straalt	stralen:v
straalden	stralen:v
stralend	stralen:v
gestraald	stralen:v
beland	belanden:v
belandde	belanden:v
belandt	belanden:v
belandden	belanden:v
belandend	belanden:v
verdun	verdunnen:v
verdunde	verdunnen:v
verdunt	verdunnen:v
verdunden	verdunnen:v
verdunnend	verdunnen:v
verdund	verdunnen:v
bulten	bult:n
bultje	bult:n
stollingen	stolling:n
stollinkje	stolling:n
camionetten	camionette:n
camionettes	camionette:n
camionetje	camionette:n
gebreken	gebrek:n
gebrekje	gebrek:n
aangeslagener	aangeslagen:a
aangeslagenst	aangeslagen:a
aangeslagenste	aangeslagen:a
aangeslagen	aanslaan:v
voldaner	voldaan:a
voldaanst	voldaan:a
voldane	voldaan:a
voldanere	voldaan:a
voldaanste	voldaan:a
voldaan	voldoen:v
voldoe	voldoen:v
voldeed	voldoen:v
voldoet	voldoen:v
voldeden	voldoen:v
volgedaan	voldoen:v
uitgedoofd	uitdoven:v
uitdoof	uitdoven:v
uitdoofde	uitdoven:v
uitdooft	uitdoven:v
uitdoofden	uitdoven:v
uitdovend	uitdoven:v
misdaadbestrijdingen	misdaadbestrijding:n
neersla	neerslaan:v
neersloeg	neerslaan:v
neerslaat	neerslaan:v
neersloegen	neerslaan:v
neerslaand	neerslaan:v
neergeslagen	neerslaan:v
gillen	gil:n
gilletje	gil:n
gil	gillen:v
viertallen	viertal:n
viertalletje	viertal:n
schipbreuken	schipbreuk:n
schipbreukje	schipbreuk:n
windvlagen	windvlaag:n
windvlaagje	windvlaag:n
genaden	genade:n
genades	genade:n
genadetje	genade:n
eindelozer	eindeloos:a
eindeloost	eindeloos:a
eindeloze	eindeloos:a
eindelozere	eindeloos:a
eindelooste	eindeloos:a
altijddurende	altijddurend:a
hartstochten	hartstocht:n
hartstochtje	hartstocht:n
vervaag	vervagen:v
vervaagde	vervagen:v
vervaagt	vervagen:v
vervaagden	vervagen:v
vervagend	vervagen:v
vervaagd	vervagen:v
kwijt	kwijten:v
kweet	kwijten:v
kweten	kwijten:v
kwijtend	kwijten:v
gekweten	kwijten:v
zondiger	zondig:a
zondigst	zondig:a
zondige	zondig:a
zondigere	zondig:a
zondigste	zondig:a
zondes	zonde:n
zondetje	zonde:n
zonde	zenden:v|zonnen:v
onreiner	onrein:a
onreinst	onrein:a
onreine	onrein:a
onreinere	onrein:a
onreinste	onrein:a
inlos	inlossen:v
inloste	inlossen:v
inlost	inlossen:v
inlosten	inlossen:v
inlossend	inlossen:v
ingelost	inlossen:v
verlossingen	verlossing:n
verlossinkje	verlossing:n
aanbiddingen	aanbidding:n
aanbiddinkje	aanbidding:n
verdrieten	verdriet:n
verdrietje	verdriet:n
vrijmoedigheden	vrijmoedigheid:n
Schotten	Schot:n
toevallen	toeval:n
toevalletje	toeval:n
plaatsvervangende	plaatsvervangend:a
geneesmiddelen	geneesmiddel:n
geneesmiddeltje	geneesmiddel:n
toevalstreffers	toevalstreffer:n
toevalstreffertje	toevalstreffer:n
eerbetonen	eerbetoon:n
nachtblinde	nachtblind:a
boet	boeten:v
slenter	slenteren:v
slenterde	slenteren:v
slentert	slenteren:v
slenterden	slenteren:v
slenterend	slenteren:v
geslenterd	slenteren:v
banne	bannen:v
epifyten	epifyt:n
koste	kosten:v
zaai	zaaien:v
zaaide	zaaien:v
zaait	zaaien:v
zaaiden	zaaien:v
zaaiend	zaaien:v
gezaaid	zaaien:v
psychiatrische	psychiatrisch:a
kolenmijnen	kolenmijn:n
kolenmijntje	kolenmijn:n
volgeladen	volladen:v
liftkooien	liftkooi:n
liftkooitje	liftkooi:n
mijnschachten	mijnschacht:n
mijnschachtje	mijnschacht:n
schachtbokken	schachtbok:n
schachtbokje	schachtbok:n
ophaal	ophalen:v
ophaalde	ophalen:v
ophaalt	ophalen:v
ophaalden	ophalen:v
ophalend	ophalen:v
opgehaald	ophalen:v
hoogspanningen	hoogspanning:n
hoogspanninkje	hoogspanning:n
instap	instappen:v
instapte	instappen:v
instapt	instappen:v
instapten	instappen:v
instappend	instappen:v
ingestapt	instappen:v
instappen	instap:n
afvoertje	afvoer:n
mangaten	mangat:n
geldboeten	geldboete:n
geldboetes	geldboete:n
geldboetetje	geldboete:n
voorschriften	voorschrift:n
voorschriftje	voorschrift:n
ontmantelingen	ontmanteling:n
opdoek	opdoeken:v
opdoekte	opdoeken:v
opdoekt	opdoeken:v
opdoekten	opdoeken:v
opdoekend	opdoeken:v
opgedoekt	opdoeken:v
herdenkingsplaatsen	herdenkingsplaats:n
herdenkingsplaatsje	herdenkingsplaats:n
vredesmachten	vredesmacht:n
vredesmachtje	vredesmacht:n
verkiesbaarder	verkiesbaar:a
verkiesbaarst	verkiesbaar:a
verkiesbare	verkiesbaar:a
verkiesbaardere	verkiesbaar:a
verkiesbaarste	verkiesbaar:a
vlaggenschepen	vlaggenschip:n
vlaggenscheepje	vlaggenschip:n
Goten	Goot:n
jukbeenderen	jukbeen:n
jukbeentje	jukbeen:n
beschermengelen	beschermengel:n
beschermengeltje	beschermengel:n
levensgevaarlijke	levensgevaarlijk:a
vollers	voller:n
brutaler	brutaal:a
godsdienstiger	godsdienstig:a
godsdienstigst	godsdienstig:a
godsdienstige	godsdienstig:a
godsdienstigere	godsdienstig:a
godsdienstigste	godsdienstig:a
dysfagieën	dysfagie:n
trekschuiten	trekschuit:n
trekschuitje	trekschuit:n
ablativussen	ablativus:n
ondersoorten	ondersoort:n
ondersoortje	ondersoort:n
achterlijven	achterlijf:n
achterlijfje	achterlijf:n
lijven	lijf:n
lijfje	lijf:n
geliger	gelig:a
geligst	gelig:a
gelige	gelig:a
geligere	gelig:a
geligste	gelig:a
begrazingen	begrazing:n
opzet	opzetten:v
opzette	opzetten:v
opzettend	opzetten:v
opgezet	opzetten:v
vereenvoudig	vereenvoudigen:v
vereenvoudigde	vereenvoudigen:v
vereenvoudigt	vereenvoudigen:v
vereenvoudigden	vereenvoudigen:v
vereenvoudigend	vereenvoudigen:v
vereenvoudigd	vereenvoudigen:v
voorz.	voorzetsel:n
zg.	zogenaamd:a
neerschrijf	neerschrijven:v
neerschreef	neerschrijven:v
neerschrijft	neerschrijven:v
neerschreven	neerschrijven:v
neerschrijvend	neerschrijven:v
neergeschreven	neerschrijven:v
sneuvel	sneuvelen:v
sneuvelde	sneuvelen:v
sneuvelt	sneuvelen:v
sneuvelden	sneuvelen:v
sneuvelend	sneuvelen:v
gesneuveld	sneuvelen:v
tweejaarlijkse	tweejaarlijks:a
klerewijven	klerewijf:n
klerewijfje	klerewijf:n
fluwelen	fluweel:n
treur	treuren:v
treurde	treuren:v
treurt	treuren:v
treurden	treuren:v
treurend	treuren:v
getreurd	treuren:v
lonk	lonken:v
lonkte	lonken:v
lonkt	lonken:v
lonkten	lonken:v
lonkend	lonken:v
gelonkt	lonken:v
ingetogener	ingetogen:a
ingetogenst	ingetogen:a
ingetogenste	ingetogen:a
bespring	bespringen:v
besprong	bespringen:v
bespringt	bespringen:v
besprongen	bespringen:v
bespringend	bespringen:v
tweevoudige	tweevoudig:a
terugtreed	terugtreden:v
terugtrad	terugtreden:v
terugtreedt	terugtreden:v
terugtraden	terugtreden:v
terugtredend	terugtreden:v
teruggetreden	terugtreden:v
onomstredener	onomstreden:a
onomstredenst	onomstreden:a
onomstredenste	onomstreden:a
kaders	kader:n
kadertje	kader:n
inspireer	inspireren:v
inspireerde	inspireren:v
inspireert	inspireren:v
inspireerden	inspireren:v
inspirerend	inspireren:v
geïnspireerd	inspireren:v
daarbuiten	buiten:d
ambieer	ambiëren:v
ambieerde	ambiëren:v
ambieert	ambiëren:v
ambieerden	ambiëren:v
ambiërend	ambiëren:v
geambieerd	ambiëren:v
suikerplantages	suikerplantage:n
suikerplantagetje	suikerplantage:n
plantages	plantage:n
plantagetje	plantage:n
welgestelde	welgesteld:a
jezuïeten	jezuïet:n
jezuïetje	jezuïet:n
afstudeer	afstuderen:v
afstudeerde	afstuderen:v
afstudeert	afstuderen:v
afstudeerden	afstuderen:v
afstuderend	afstuderen:v
afgestudeerd	afstuderen:v
greepje	greep:n
afgelast	afgelasten:v|aflassen:v|aflasten:v
afgelastte	afgelasten:v
afgelastten	afgelasten:v
afgelastend	afgelasten:v
afgelastingen	afgelasting:n
afgelastinkje	afgelasting:n
schendingen	schending:n
schendinkje	schending:n
gewapende	gewapend:a
gewapend	wapenen:v
gevangengenomen	gevangennemen:v
slotpleidooien	slotpleidooi:n
vrijspreek	vrijspreken:v
vrijsprak	vrijspreken:v
vrijspreekt	vrijspreken:v
vrijspraken	vrijspreken:v|vrijspraak:n
vrijsprekend	vrijspreken:v
vrijgesproken	vrijspreken:v
vrijgelaten	vrijlaten:v
vrijlaat	vrijlaten:v
vrijliet	vrijlaten:v
vrijlieten	vrijlaten:v
vrijlatend	vrijlaten:v
deserteer	deserteren:v
deserteerde	deserteren:v
deserteert	deserteren:v
deserteerden	deserteren:v
deserterend	deserteren:v
gedeserteerd	deserteren:v
ontvlucht	ontvluchten:v
ontvluchtte	ontvluchten:v
ontvluchtten	ontvluchten:v
ontvluchtend	ontvluchten:v
volksopstanden	volksopstand:n
volksopstandje	volksopstand:n
plekke	plek:n
terechtstel	terechtstellen:v
terechtstelde	terechtstellen:v
terechtstelt	terechtstellen:v
terechtstelden	terechtstellen:v
terechtstellend	terechtstellen:v
terechtgesteld	terechtstellen:v
afschrikkingen	afschrikking:n
gepaster	gepast:a
gepastst	gepast:a
gepaste	gepast:a
gepastere	gepast:a
gepastste	gepast:a
veiligheden	veiligheid:n
veiligheidje	veiligheid:n
aanspoor	aansporen:v
aanspoorde	aansporen:v
aanspoort	aansporen:v
aanspoorden	aansporen:v
aansporend	aansporen:v
aangespoord	aansporen:v
machtig	machtigen:v
machtigde	machtigen:v
machtigt	machtigen:v
machtigden	machtigen:v
machtigend	machtigen:v
gemachtigd	machtigen:v
keerpunten	keerpunt:n
keerpuntje	keerpunt:n
bemoeienissen	bemoeienis:n
belabberder	belabberd:a
belabberdst	belabberd:a
belabberde	belabberd:a
belabberdere	belabberd:a
belabberdste	belabberd:a
gezondheidszorgen	gezondheidszorg:n
gezondheidszorgje	gezondheidszorg:n
dodelijker	dodelijk:a
dodelijkst	dodelijk:a
dodelijke	dodelijk:a
dodelijkere	dodelijk:a
dodelijkste	dodelijk:a
inent	inenten:v
inentte	inenten:v
inentten	inenten:v
inentend	inenten:v
ingeënt	inenten:v
afgezworen	afzweren:v
ede	eed:n
afzweer	afzweren:v
afzwoer	afzweren:v
afzweert	afzweren:v
afzwoeren	afzweren:v
afzwerend	afzweren:v
bezittingen	bezitting:n
bezittinkje	bezitting:n
confisqueer	confisqueren:v
confisqueerde	confisqueren:v
confisqueert	confisqueren:v
confisqueerden	confisqueren:v
confisquerend	confisqueren:v
geconfisqueerd	confisqueren:v
vaardiger	vaardig:a
vaardigst	vaardig:a
vaardige	vaardig:a|vaardigen:v
vaardigere	vaardig:a
vaardigste	vaardig:a
uitvaardig	uitvaardigen:v
uitvaardigde	uitvaardigen:v
uitvaardigt	uitvaardigen:v
uitvaardigden	uitvaardigen:v
uitvaardigend	uitvaardigen:v
uitgevaardigd	uitvaardigen:v
overdraag	overdragen:v
overdroeg	overdragen:v
overdraagt	overdragen:v
overdroegen	overdragen:v
overdragend	overdragen:v
overgedragen	overdragen:v
leedst	leed:a
ledere	leed:a
leedste	leed:a
bloedingen	bloeding:n
bloedinkje	bloeding:n
opereer	opereren:v
opereerde	opereren:v
opereert	opereren:v
opereerden	opereren:v
opererend	opereren:v
geopereerd	opereren:v
beoog	beogen:v
beoogde	beogen:v
beoogt	beogen:v
beoogden	beogen:v
beogend	beogen:v
beoogd	beogen:v
overbreng	overbrengen:v
overbracht	overbrengen:v
overbrengt	overbrengen:v
overbrachten	overbrengen:v
overbrengend	overbrengen:v
overgebracht	overbrengen:v
hardnekkiger	hardnekkig:a
hardnekkigst	hardnekkig:a
hardnekkige	hardnekkig:a
hardnekkigere	hardnekkig:a
hardnekkigste	hardnekkig:a
ontkracht	ontkrachten:v
ontkrachtte	ontkrachten:v
ontkrachtten	ontkrachten:v
ontkrachtend	ontkrachten:v
hiervan	van:d
onrechtstreekser	onrechtstreeks:a
onrechtstreekst	onrechtstreeks:a
onrechtstreekse	onrechtstreeks:a
onrechtstreeksere	onrechtstreeks:a
onrechtstreekste	onrechtstreeks:a
fortuinen	fortuin:n
fortuintje	fortuin:n
aannames	aanname:n
aannametje	aanname:n
hertrouw	hertrouwen:v
hertrouwde	hertrouwen:v
hertrouwt	hertrouwen:v
hertrouwden	hertrouwen:v
hertrouwend	hertrouwen:v
hertrouwd	hertrouwen:v
verwek	verwekken:v
verwekte	verwekken:v
verwekt	verwekken:v
verwekten	verwekken:v
verwekkend	verwekken:v
minnaressen	minnares:n
minnaresje	minnares:n
vermom	vermommen:v
vermomde	vermommen:v
vermomt	vermommen:v
vermomden	vermommen:v
vermommend	vermommen:v
vermomd	vermommen:v
asiels	asiel:n
asielen	asiel:n
asieltje	asiel:n
welingelichte	welingelicht:a
beschermheiligen	beschermheilige:n
zetelde	zetelen:v
zetelt	zetelen:v
zetelden	zetelen:v
zetelend	zetelen:v
gezeteld	zetelen:v
onbemande	onbemand:a
ossenkarren	ossenkar:n
ossenkarretje	ossenkar:n
heiligverklaringen	heiligverklaring:n
reliekschrijnen	reliekschrijn:n
reliekschrijntje	reliekschrijn:n
erfstukken	erfstuk:n
erfstukje	erfstuk:n
stijver	stijf:a
stijfst	stijf:a
stijvere	stijf:a
stijfste	stijf:a
herbouw	herbouwen:v
herbouwde	herbouwen:v
herbouwt	herbouwen:v
herbouwden	herbouwen:v
herbouwend	herbouwen:v
herbouwd	herbouwen:v
sarcofagen	sarcofaag:n
sarcofaagje	sarcofaag:n
lijders	lijder:n
lijdertje	lijder:n
gebeenten	gebeente:n
gebeentetje	gebeente:n
hoeves	hoeve:n
hoevetje	hoeve:n
hoeve	hoeven:v
vernoem	vernoemen:v
vernoemde	vernoemen:v
vernoemt	vernoemen:v
vernoemden	vernoemen:v
vernoemend	vernoemen:v
vernoemd	vernoemen:v
doodskisten	doodskist:n
doodskistje	doodskist:n
teleurstel	teleurstellen:v
teleurstelde	teleurstellen:v
teleurstelt	teleurstellen:v
teleurstelden	teleurstellen:v
teleurgesteld	teleurstellen:v
ontbeer	ontberen:v
ontbeerde	ontberen:v
ontbeert	ontberen:v
ontbeerden	ontberen:v
ontberend	ontberen:v
ontbeerd	ontberen:v
omarm	omarmen:v
omarmde	omarmen:v
omarmt	omarmen:v
omarmden	omarmen:v
omarmend	omarmen:v
omarmd	omarmen:v
bedaarder	bedaard:a
bedaardst	bedaard:a
bedaarde	bedaard:a|bedaren:v
bedaardere	bedaard:a
bedaardste	bedaard:a
bedaard	bedaren:v
gebaren	gebaar:n
gebaartje	gebaar:n|gebaarde:n
gebaar	gebaren:v
tevree	tevreden:a
mijmeringen	mijmering:n
mijmeringetje	mijmering:n
mijmerinkje	mijmering:n
versier	versieren:v
versierde	versieren:v
versierden	versieren:v
versierend	versieren:v
versierd	versieren:v
vrouwtjes	vrouwtje:n
onhoudbaarder	onhoudbaar:a
onhoudbaarst	onhoudbaar:a
onhoudbare	onhoudbaar:a
onhoudbaardere	onhoudbaar:a
onhoudbaarste	onhoudbaar:a
inbraken	inbraak:n|inbreken:v
inbraakje	inbraak:n
inzend	inzenden:v
inzond	inzenden:v
inzendt	inzenden:v
inzonden	inzenden:v
inzendend	inzenden:v
ingezonden	inzenden:v
voordeuren	voordeur:n
voordeurtje	voordeur:n
nachtelijke	nachtelijk:a
verstoor	verstoren:v
verstoorde	verstoren:v
verstoort	verstoren:v
verstoorden	verstoren:v
verstorend	verstoren:v
verstoord	verstoren:v
afkeur	afkeuren:v
afkeurde	afkeuren:v
afkeurt	afkeuren:v
afkeurden	afkeuren:v
afkeurend	afkeuren:v
afgekeurd	afkeuren:v
stelliger	stellig:a
stelligst	stellig:a
stellige	stellig:a
stelligere	stellig:a
stelligste	stellig:a
naven	naaf:n
naafje	naaf:n
zegslieden	zegsman:n
zegslui	zegsman:n
zegsmannen	zegsman:n
zegsmannetje	zegsman:n
persbureaus	persbureau:n
persbureautje	persbureau:n
zogenoemde	zogenoemd:a
schurkenstaten	schurkenstaat:n
schurkenstaatje	schurkenstaat:n
lanceringen	lancering:n
lancerinkje	lancering:n
beschikkingen	beschikking:n
beschikkinkje	beschikking:n
vergeldingen	vergelding:n
vergeldinkje	vergelding:n
vergeldingsmaatregelen	vergeldingsmaatregel:n
grondgebieden	grondgebied:n
grondgebiedje	grondgebied:n
ridderschappen	ridderschap:n
gemelde	gemeld:a
aanhou	aanhouden:v
aanhoud	aanhouden:v
aanhield	aanhouden:v
aanhoudt	aanhouden:v
aanhielden	aanhouden:v
aanhoudend	aanhouden:v
aangehouden	aanhouden:v
polsbandje	polsband:n
polsbandjes	polsbandje:n
ontzettender	ontzettend:a
ontzettendst	ontzettend:a
ontzettende	ontzettend:a
ontzettendere	ontzettend:a
ontzettendste	ontzettend:a
vervangers	vervanger:n
vervangertje	vervanger:n
bewoonde	bewoond:a|bewonen:v
bewoond	bewonen:v
ophelderingen	opheldering:n
ophelderinkje	opheldering:n
afvuur	afvuren:v
afvuurde	afvuren:v
afvuurt	afvuren:v
afvuurden	afvuren:v
afvurend	afvuren:v
afgevuurd	afvuren:v
voegw.	voegwoord:n
regelrechte	regelrecht:a
voordrachten	voordracht:n
voordrachtje	voordracht:n
zaliger	zalig:a
zaligst	zalig:a
zalige	zalig:a|zaligen:v
zaligere	zalig:a
zaligste	zalig:a
zalig	zaligen:v
afzeggingen	afzegging:n
hekwerken	hekwerk:n
hekwerkje	hekwerk:n
futlozer	futloos:a
futloost	futloos:a
futloze	futloos:a
futlozere	futloos:a
futlooste	futloos:a
dichtstbijzijnde	dichtstbijzijnd:a
rondloop	rondlopen:v
rondliep	rondlopen:v
rondloopt	rondlopen:v
rondliepen	rondlopen:v
rondlopend	rondlopen:v
rondgelopen	rondlopen:v
olympische	olympisch:a
koosnamen	koosnaam:n
koosnaampje	koosnaam:n
koosvormen	koosvorm:n
koosvormpje	koosvorm:n
naamdagen	naamdag:n
naamdagje	naamdag:n
verhaspelingen	verhaspeling:n
verhaspelingetje	verhaspeling:n
achterstevens	achtersteven:n
achtersteventje	achtersteven:n
overnacht	overnachten:v
overnachtte	overnachten:v
overnachtten	overnachten:v
overnachtend	overnachten:v
verhonger	verhongeren:v
verhongerde	verhongeren:v
verhongert	verhongeren:v
verhongerden	verhongeren:v
verhongerend	verhongeren:v
verhongerd	verhongeren:v
hongerde	hongeren:v
hongert	hongeren:v
hongerden	hongeren:v
hongerend	hongeren:v
gehongerd	hongeren:v
vastloop	vastlopen:v
vastliep	vastlopen:v
vastloopt	vastlopen:v
vastliepen	vastlopen:v
vastlopend	vastlopen:v
vastgelopen	vastlopen:v
erediensten	eredienst:n
eredienstje	eredienst:n
verstel	verstellen:v
verstelde	verstellen:v
verstelt	verstellen:v
verstelden	verstellen:v
verstellend	verstellen:v
versteld	verstellen:v
likte	likken:v
likt	likken:v
likten	likken:v
likkend	likken:v
gelikt	likken:v
modderpaden	modderpad:n
modderpaadje	modderpad:n
vreselijker	vreselijk:a
vreselijkst	vreselijk:a
vreselijke	vreselijk:a
vreselijkere	vreselijk:a
vreselijkste	vreselijk:a
verschuil	verschuilen:v
verschool	verschuilen:v
verschuilt	verschuilen:v
verscholen	verschuilen:v
verschuilend	verschuilen:v
falcata's	falcata:n
muien	mui:n
muitje	mui:n|muide:n|muit:n
separatistischer	separatistisch:a
separatistischt	separatistisch:a
separatistische	separatistisch:a
separatistischere	separatistisch:a
separatistischte	separatistisch:a
afga	afgaan:v
afging	afgaan:v
afgaat	afgaan:v
afgingen	afgaan:v
afgaand	afgaan:v
afgegaan	afgaan:v
staakt-het-vurens	staakt-het-vuren:n
terroristische	terroristisch:a
socialistischer	socialistisch:a
socialistischt	socialistisch:a
socialistische	socialistisch:a
socialistischere	socialistisch:a
socialistischte	socialistisch:a
politieagenten	politieagent:n
politieagentje	politieagent:n
sluwheden	sluwheid:n
sluwheidje	sluwheid:n
sluwer	sluw:a
sluwst	sluw:a
sluwe	sluw:a
sluwere	sluw:a
sluwste	sluw:a
symboliseer	symboliseren:v
symboliseerde	symboliseren:v
symboliseert	symboliseren:v
symboliseerden	symboliseren:v
symboliserend	symboliseren:v
gesymboliseerd	symboliseren:v
verschuif	verschuiven:v
verschoof	verschuiven:v
verschuift	verschuiven:v
verschoven	verschuiven:v
verschuivend	verschuiven:v
realiseerbaarder	realiseerbaar:a
realiseerbaarst	realiseerbaar:a
realiseerbare	realiseerbaar:a
realiseerbaardere	realiseerbaar:a
realiseerbaarste	realiseerbaar:a
democratischer	democratisch:a
democratischt	democratisch:a
democratische	democratisch:a
democratischere	democratisch:a
democratischte	democratisch:a
staak	staken:v
staakte	staken:v
staakt	staken:v|steken:v
staakten	staken:v
stakend	staken:v
gestaakt	staken:v
soevereiniteiten	soevereiniteit:n
zelfbeschikkingen	zelfbeschikking:n
vreedzamer	vreedzaam:a
vreedzaamst	vreedzaam:a
vreedzame	vreedzaam:a
vreedzamere	vreedzaam:a
vreedzaamste	vreedzaam:a
gewelddadiger	gewelddadig:a
gewelddadigst	gewelddadig:a
kidnapte	kidnappen:v
kidnapt	kidnappen:v
kidnapten	kidnappen:v
kidnappend	kidnappen:v
gekidnapt	kidnappen:v
doodseskaders	doodseskader:n
forensentreinen	forensentrein:n
forensentreintje	forensentrein:n
verwikkelingen	verwikkeling:n
ontspoor	ontsporen:v
ontspoorde	ontsporen:v
ontspoort	ontsporen:v
ontspoorden	ontsporen:v
ontsporend	ontsporen:v
ontspoord	ontsporen:v
daalders	daalder:n
daaldertje	daalder:n
opraak	opraken:v
opraakte	opraken:v
opraakt	opraken:v
opraakten	opraken:v
oprakend	opraken:v
opgeraakt	opraken:v
verscheur	verscheuren:v
verscheurde	verscheuren:v
verscheurt	verscheuren:v
verscheurden	verscheuren:v
verscheurend	verscheuren:v
verscheurd	verscheuren:v
spreekwoorden	spreekwoord:n
spreekwoordje	spreekwoord:n
waardevols	waardevol:a
inwillig	inwilligen:v
inwilligde	inwilligen:v
inwilligt	inwilligen:v
inwilligden	inwilligen:v
inwilligend	inwilligen:v
ingewilligd	inwilligen:v
verontwaardigingen	verontwaardiging:n
verslaggevers	verslaggever:n
verslaggevertje	verslaggever:n
vernielingen	vernieling:n
vernielinkje	vernieling:n
afscheidingsbewegingen	afscheidingsbeweging:n
afscheidingsbeweginkje	afscheidingsbeweging:n
rookwolken	rookwolk:n
rookwolkje	rookwolk:n
gemeenteraden	gemeenteraad:n
gemeenteraadje	gemeenteraad:n
vooravonden	vooravond:n
vooravondje	vooravond:n
kerstavonden	kerstavond:n
kerstavondje	kerstavond:n
afpersingen	afpersing:n
afpersinkje	afpersing:n
opbrengsten	opbrengst:n
opbrengstje	opbrengst:n
lichtingen	lichting:n
lichtinkje	lichting:n
trekjes	trekje:n
toejuich	toejuichen:v
toejuichte	toejuichen:v
toejuicht	toejuichen:v
toejuichten	toejuichen:v
toejuichend	toejuichen:v
toegejuicht	toejuichen:v
wapenstilstanden	wapenstilstand:n
wapenstilstandje	wapenstilstand:n
uitlever	uitleveren:v
uitleverde	uitleveren:v
uitlevert	uitleveren:v
uitleverden	uitleveren:v
uitleverend	uitleveren:v
uitgeleverd	uitleveren:v
gevangenzet	gevangenzetten:v
gevangenzette	gevangenzetten:v
gevangenzettend	gevangenzetten:v
gevangengezet	gevangenzetten:v
dienaars	dienaar:n
dienaren	dienaar:n
dienaartje	dienaar:n
verongeluk	verongelukken:v
verongelukte	verongelukken:v
verongelukt	verongelukken:v
verongelukten	verongelukken:v
verongelukkend	verongelukken:v
mankementen	mankement:n
mankementje	mankement:n
onrusten	onrust:n
onrustje	onrust:n
wegneem	wegnemen:v
wegnam	wegnemen:v
wegneemt	wegnemen:v
wegnamen	wegnemen:v
wegnemend	wegnemen:v
weggenomen	wegnemen:v
onschendbaarder	onschendbaar:a
onschendbaarst	onschendbaar:a
onschendbare	onschendbaar:a
onschendbaardere	onschendbaar:a
onschendbaarste	onschendbaar:a
achterneven	achterneef:n
achterneefje	achterneef:n
teugels	teugel:n
teugeltje	teugel:n
burgeroorlogen	burgeroorlog:n
burgeroorlogje	burgeroorlog:n
heerschappijen	heerschappij:n
heerschappijtje	heerschappij:n
omvormingen	omvorming:n
omvorminkje	omvorming:n
duurzamer	duurzaam:a
duurzaamst	duurzaam:a
duurzame	duurzaam:a
duurzamere	duurzaam:a
duurzaamste	duurzaam:a
verheffingen	verheffing:n
verheffinkje	verheffing:n
luidde	luiden:v
luidden	luiden:v
luidend	luiden:v
aanvaardingen	aanvaarding:n
aanvaardinkje	aanvaarding:n
persoonlijkheden	persoonlijkheid:n
persoonlijkheidje	persoonlijkheid:n
tegenovergestelde	tegenovergesteld:a
eerzuchtiger	eerzuchtig:a
eerzuchtigst	eerzuchtig:a
eerzuchtige	eerzuchtig:a
eerzuchtigere	eerzuchtig:a
eerzuchtigste	eerzuchtig:a
belaad	beladen:v
belaadde	beladen:v
belaadt	beladen:v
belaadden	beladen:v
beladend	beladen:v
kabouters	kabouter:n
kaboutertje	kabouter:n
troggen	trog:n
trogje	trog:n
evenwichten	evenwicht:n
evenwichtje	evenwicht:n
voorgevoelens	voorgevoel:n
voorgevoeltje	voorgevoel:n
meiers	meier:n
meiertje	meier:n
meierijen	meierij:n
meierijtje	meierij:n
plukje	pluk:n
verlos	verlossen:v
verloste	verlossen:v
verlost	verlossen:v
verlosten	verlossen:v
verlossend	verlossen:v
foren	foor:n
polemisten	polemist:n
syllablen	syllabe:n
syllables	syllabe:n
evenementen	evenement:n
evenementje	evenement:n
stieren	stier:n
stiertje	stier:n
tomatengevechten	tomatengevecht:n
tomatengevechtje	tomatengevecht:n
optochten	optocht:n
optochtje	optocht:n
groentekramen	groentekraam:n
groentekraampje	groentekraam:n
oproeren	oproer:n
oproertje	oproer:n
vergoed	vergoeden:v
vergoedde	vergoeden:v
vergoedt	vergoeden:v
vergoedden	vergoeden:v
vergoedend	vergoeden:v
volhou	volhouden:v
volhoud	volhouden:v
volhield	volhouden:v
volhoudt	volhouden:v
volhielden	volhouden:v
volhoudend	volhouden:v
volgehouden	volhouden:v
gemeengoederen	gemeengoed:n
lijkwaden	lijkwade:n
lijkwades	lijkwade:n
lijkwadetje	lijkwade:n
bijsta	bijstaan:v
bijstond	bijstaan:v
bijstaat	bijstaan:v
bijstonden	bijstaan:v
bijstaand	bijstaan:v
bijgestaan	bijstaan:v
afzettingsgesteenten	afzettingsgesteente:n
afzettingsgesteentes	afzettingsgesteente:n
klastische	klastisch:a
transporteer	transporteren:v
transporteerde	transporteren:v
transporteert	transporteren:v
transporteerden	transporteren:v
transporterend	transporteren:v
getransporteerd	transporteren:v
verkit	verkitten:v
verkitte	verkitten:v
verkittend	verkitten:v
siltstenen	siltsteen:n
siltsteentje	siltsteen:n
schaliën	schalie:n
schalies	schalie:n
schalietje	schalie:n
stollingsgesteenten	stollingsgesteente:n
stollingsgesteentes	stollingsgesteente:n
oververzadigingen	oververzadiging:n
steenzouten	steenzout:n
uiteenloop	uiteenlopen:v
uiteenliep	uiteenlopen:v
uiteenloopt	uiteenlopen:v
uiteenliepen	uiteenlopen:v
uiteengelopen	uiteenlopen:v
ontdekkingsreizigers	ontdekkingsreiziger:n
ontdekkingsreizigertje	ontdekkingsreiziger:n
kruideniers	kruidenier:n
kruideniertje	kruidenier:n
groenteboers	groenteboer:n
groenteboeren	groenteboer:n
groenteboertje	groenteboer:n
opdoe	opdoen:v
opdeed	opdoen:v
opdoet	opdoen:v
opdeden	opdoen:v
opdoend	opdoen:v
opgedaan	opdoen:v
onderhoudsbezoeken	onderhoudsbezoek:n
onderhoudsbezoekje	onderhoudsbezoek:n
afwissel	afwisselen:v
afwisselde	afwisselen:v
afwisselt	afwisselen:v
afwisselden	afwisselen:v
afwisselend	afwisselen:v
afgewisseld	afwisselen:v
lanceer	lanceren:v
lanceerde	lanceren:v
lanceert	lanceren:v
lanceerden	lanceren:v
lancerend	lanceren:v
gelanceerd	lanceren:v
brokken	brok:n
brokje	brok:n
onherstelbaarder	onherstelbaar:a
onherstelbaarst	onherstelbaar:a
onherstelbare	onherstelbaar:a
onherstelbaardere	onherstelbaar:a
onherstelbaarste	onherstelbaar:a
opschort	opschorten:v
opschortte	opschorten:v
opschortten	opschorten:v
opschortend	opschorten:v
opgeschort	opschorten:v
hitteschilden	hitteschild:n
hitteschildje	hitteschild:n
voegsels	voegsel:n
voegseltje	voegsel:n
ruimtewandelingen	ruimtewandeling:n
ruimtewandelingetje	ruimtewandeling:n
verdubbel	verdubbelen:v
verdubbelde	verdubbelen:v
verdubbelt	verdubbelen:v
verdubbelden	verdubbelen:v
verdubbelend	verdubbelen:v
verdubbeld	verdubbelen:v
volhardingen	volharding:n
beeldhouw	beeldhouwen:v
beeldhouwde	beeldhouwen:v
beeldhouwt	beeldhouwen:v
beeldhouwden	beeldhouwen:v
beeldhouwend	beeldhouwen:v
gebeeldhouwd	beeldhouwen:v
dominees	dominee:n
domineetje	dominee:n
bevoordeel	bevoordelen:v
bevoordeelde	bevoordelen:v
bevoordeelt	bevoordelen:v
bevoordeelden	bevoordelen:v
bevoordelend	bevoordelen:v
bevoordeeld	bevoordelen:v
beklim	beklimmen:v
beklom	beklimmen:v
beklimt	beklimmen:v
beklommen	beklimmen:v
beklimmend	beklimmen:v
samenzweringen	samenzwering:n
samenzwerinkje	samenzwering:n
ontloop	ontlopen:v
ontliep	ontlopen:v
ontloopt	ontlopen:v
ontliepen	ontlopen:v
ontlopend	ontlopen:v
burgerrechtenbewegingen	burgerrechtenbeweging:n
burgerrechtenbeweginkje	burgerrechtenbeweging:n
burgerrechten	burgerrecht:n
geweldlozer	geweldloos:a
geweldloost	geweldloos:a
geweldloze	geweldloos:a
geweldlozere	geweldloos:a
geweldlooste	geweldloos:a
bekendheden	bekendheid:n
uitstralingen	uitstraling:n
uitstralinkje	uitstraling:n
legendarischer	legendarisch:a
legendarischt	legendarisch:a
legendarische	legendarisch:a
legendarischere	legendarisch:a
legendarischte	legendarisch:a
tragischer	tragisch:a
tragischt	tragisch:a
tragische	tragisch:a
tragischere	tragisch:a
tragischte	tragisch:a
dieptepunten	dieptepunt:n
dieptepuntje	dieptepunt:n
voorvechters	voorvechter:n
voorvechtertje	voorvechter:n
roeriger	roerig:a
roerigst	roerig:a
roerige	roerig:a
roerigere	roerig:a
roerigste	roerig:a
goedaardiger	goedaardig:a
goedaardigst	goedaardig:a
goedaardige	goedaardig:a
goedaardigere	goedaardig:a
goedaardigste	goedaardig:a
verstandhoudingen	verstandhouding:n
niet-gewelddadige	niet-gewelddadig:a
uitdaag	uitdagen:v
uitdaagde	uitdagen:v
uitdaagt	uitdagen:v
uitdaagden	uitdagen:v
uitgedaagd	uitdagen:v
kenbaarder	kenbaar:a
kenbaarst	kenbaar:a
kenbare	kenbaar:a
kenbaardere	kenbaar:a
kenbaarste	kenbaar:a
menigten	menigte:n
menigtes	menigte:n
nabestaanden	nabestaande:n
naslepen	nasleep:n
nasleepje	nasleep:n
misdadigers	misdadiger:n
misdadigertje	misdadiger:n
misdadiger	misdadig:a
herzie	herzien:v
herzag	herzien:v
herziet	herzien:v
herzagen	herzien:v
herziend	herzien:v
deskundige	deskundig:a
deskundigen	deskundige:n
onderwijzingen	onderwijzing:n
voortgangen	voortgang:n
voortgangetje	voortgang:n
kwalen	kwaal:n
kwaaltje	kwaal:n
boette	boeten:v
boetten	boeten:v
boetend	boeten:v
geboet	boeten:v
onvermijdelijker	onvermijdelijk:a
onvermijdelijkst	onvermijdelijk:a
onvermijdelijke	onvermijdelijk:a
onvermijdelijkere	onvermijdelijk:a
onvermijdelijkste	onvermijdelijk:a
vooruitgangen	vooruitgang:n
vooruitgangetje	vooruitgang:n
onvermoeibaarder	onvermoeibaar:a
onvermoeibaarst	onvermoeibaar:a
onvermoeibare	onvermoeibaar:a
onvermoeibaardere	onvermoeibaar:a
onvermoeibaarste	onvermoeibaar:a
inzetten	inzet:n
inzetje	inzet:n
rouwklachten	rouwklacht:n
gerechtigheden	gerechtigheid:n
gerechtigheidje	gerechtigheid:n
inzie	inzien:v
inzag	inzien:v
inziet	inzien:v
inzagen	inzien:v|inzage:n
inziend	inzien:v
ingezien	inzien:v
bedelaars	bedelaar:n
bedelaartje	bedelaar:n
oppervlakkiger	oppervlakkig:a
oppervlakkigst	oppervlakkig:a
oppervlakkige	oppervlakkig:a
oppervlakkigere	oppervlakkig:a
oppervlakkigste	oppervlakkig:a
onbehaaglijker	onbehaaglijk:a
onbehaaglijkst	onbehaaglijk:a
onbehaaglijke	onbehaaglijk:a
onbehaaglijkere	onbehaaglijk:a
onbehaaglijkste	onbehaaglijk:a
gerechtigder	gerechtigd:a
gerechtigdst	gerechtigd:a
gerechtigde	gerechtigd:a
gerechtigdere	gerechtigd:a
gerechtigdste	gerechtigd:a
veelzijdiger	veelzijdig:a
veelzijdigst	veelzijdig:a
veelzijdige	veelzijdig:a
veelzijdigere	veelzijdig:a
veelzijdigste	veelzijdig:a
excentrieker	excentriek:a
excentriekst	excentriek:a
excentrieke	excentriek:a
excentriekere	excentriek:a
excentriekste	excentriek:a
erf	erven:v
erfde	erven:v
erft	erven:v
erfden	erven:v
ervend	erven:v
geërfd	erven:v
erven	erf:n
vervals	vervalsen:v
vervalste	vervalsen:v
vervalst	vervalsen:v
vervalsten	vervalsen:v
vervalsend	vervalsen:v
buitenaardser	buitenaards:a
buitenaardst	buitenaards:a
buitenaardse	buitenaards:a
buitenaardsere	buitenaards:a
buitenaardste	buitenaards:a
onderbewuste	onderbewust:a
bewonder	bewonderen:v
bewonderde	bewonderen:v
bewondert	bewonderen:v
bewonderden	bewonderen:v
bewonderend	bewonderen:v
bewonderd	bewonderen:v
hartstilstanden	hartstilstand:n
hartstilstandje	hartstilstand:n
nalaat	nalaten:v
naliet	nalaten:v
nalieten	nalaten:v
nalatend	nalaten:v
nagelaten	nalaten:v
uiteenval	uiteenvallen:v
uiteenviel	uiteenvallen:v
uiteenvalt	uiteenvallen:v
uiteenvielen	uiteenvallen:v
uiteenvallend	uiteenvallen:v
uiteengevallen	uiteenvallen:v
draisines	draisine:n
abonnere	abonneren:v
hant	hand:n
karamels	karamel:n
karamellen	karamel:n
karamelletje	karamel:n
wankel	wankelen:v
wankelde	wankelen:v
wankelt	wankelen:v
wankelden	wankelen:v
wankelend	wankelen:v
gewankeld	wankelen:v
sluimer	sluimeren:v
sluimerde	sluimeren:v
sluimert	sluimeren:v
sluimerden	sluimeren:v
sluimerend	sluimeren:v
gesluimerd	sluimeren:v
vervul	vervullen:v
vervulde	vervullen:v
vervult	vervullen:v
vervulden	vervullen:v
vervullend	vervullen:v
vervuld	vervullen:v
kadetten	kadet:n
kalibers	kaliber:n
kalibertje	kaliber:n
fratsen	frats:n
fratsje	frats:n
ligge	liggen:v
fixte	fixen:v
fixten	fixen:v
fixend	fixen:v
gefixt	fixen:v
fixeer	fixeren:v
fixeerde	fixeren:v
fixeert	fixeren:v
fixeerden	fixeren:v
fixerend	fixeren:v
gefixeerd	fixeren:v
lassers	lasser:n
Lat.	Latijn:m
hittegolven	hittegolf:n
hittegolfje	hittegolf:n
gronde	grond:n
pulsen	puls:n
pulsje	puls:n
gepaarde	gepaard:a
hervat	hervatten:v
hervatte	hervatten:v
hervattend	hervatten:v
bouwputten	bouwput:n
bouwputje	bouwput:n
uitgraaf	uitgraven:v
uitgroef	uitgraven:v
uitgraaft	uitgraven:v
uitgroeven	uitgraven:v
uitgravend	uitgraven:v
uitgegraven	uitgraven:v
lekkages	lekkage:n
lekkagetje	lekkage:n
schetsje	schets:n
westelijker	westelijk:a
westelijkst	westelijk:a
westelijke	westelijk:a
westelijkere	westelijk:a
westelijkste	westelijk:a
oostelijker	oostelijk:a
oostelijkst	oostelijk:a
oostelijke	oostelijk:a
oostelijkere	oostelijk:a
oostelijkste	oostelijk:a
grondwaterstanden	grondwaterstand:n
grondwaters	grondwater:n
grondwateren	grondwater:n
grondwatertje	grondwater:n
wevershuisjes	wevershuisje:n
vergevorderde	vergevorderd:a
aannemers	aannemer:n
aannemertje	aannemer:n
aanbreng	aanbrengen:v
aanbracht	aanbrengen:v
aanbrengt	aanbrengen:v
aanbrachten	aanbrengen:v
aanbrengend	aanbrengen:v
aangebracht	aanbrengen:v
panden	pand:n
pandje	pand:n
draagkrachten	draagkracht:n
spoot	spuiten:v
spoten	spuiten:v
spuitend	spuiten:v
gespoten	spuiten:v
matiger	matig:a
matigst	matig:a
matige	matig:a|matigen:v
matigere	matig:a
matigste	matig:a
optil	optillen:v
optilde	optillen:v
optilt	optillen:v
optilden	optillen:v
optillend	optillen:v
opgetild	optillen:v
peilbuizen	peilbuis:n
peilbuisje	peilbuis:n
ongedeerde	ongedeerd:a
erepenningen	erepenning:n
erepenninkje	erepenning:n
buitenechtelijke	buitenechtelijk:a
boulevardkranten	boulevardkrant:n
boulevardkrantje	boulevardkrant:n
ontrouwe	ontrouw:a
aantijgingen	aantijging:n
aantijginkje	aantijging:n
verwerk	verwerken:v
verwerkte	verwerken:v
verwerkt	verwerken:v
verwerkten	verwerken:v
verwerkend	verwerken:v
onpasselijker	onpasselijk:a
onpasselijkst	onpasselijk:a
onpasselijke	onpasselijk:a
onpasselijkere	onpasselijk:a
onpasselijkste	onpasselijk:a
onpasselijkheden	onpasselijkheid:n
meenten	meent:n
opbreng	opbrengen:v
opbracht	opbrengen:v
opbrengt	opbrengen:v
opbrachten	opbrengen:v
opbrengend	opbrengen:v
opgebracht	opbrengen:v
brandwonden	brandwond:n
brandwondje	brandwond:n
pitbulls	pitbull:n
pitbulletje	pitbull:n
dialekt	dialect:n
poetste	poetsen:v
poetst	poetsen:v
poetsten	poetsen:v
poetsend	poetsen:v
gepoetst	poetsen:v
versmeltingen	versmelting:n
toonladders	toonladder:n
toonladdertje	toonladder:n
volledigheden	volledigheid:n
gemoedstoestanden	gemoedstoestand:n
gemoedstoestandje	gemoedstoestand:n
affektenleer	affectenleer:n
snaren	snaar:n
snaartje	snaar:n
snaarinstrumenten	snaarinstrument:n
snaarinstrumentje	snaarinstrument:n
rangschik	rangschikken:v
rangschikte	rangschikken:v
rangschikt	rangschikken:v
rangschikten	rangschikken:v
rangschikkend	rangschikken:v
gerangschikt	rangschikken:v
bedelde	bedelen:v
bedelt	bedelen:v
bedelden	bedelen:v
bedelend	bedelen:v
gebedeld	bedelen:v
bedeel	bedelen:v
bedeelde	bedelen:v
bedeelt	bedelen:v
bedeelden	bedelen:v
bedeeld	bedelen:v
overduidelijker	overduidelijk:a
overduidelijkst	overduidelijk:a
overduidelijke	overduidelijk:a
overduidelijkere	overduidelijk:a
overduidelijkste	overduidelijk:a
betogen	betoog:n
betoogje	betoog:n
betoog	betogen:v
gegevens	gegeven:n
gegeventje	gegeven:n
opeis	opeisen:v
opeiste	opeisen:v
opeist	opeisen:v
opeisten	opeisen:v
opeisend	opeisen:v
opgeëist	opeisen:v
zeevaarders	zeevaarder:n
zeevaardertje	zeevaarder:n
achterblijf	achterblijven:v
achterbleef	achterblijven:v
achterblijft	achterblijven:v
achterbleven	achterblijven:v
achterblijvend	achterblijven:v
achtergebleven	achterblijven:v
grootgrondbezitters	grootgrondbezitter:n
grootgrondbezittertje	grootgrondbezitter:n
aftredingen	aftreding:n
industrialiseringen	industrialisering:n
democratiseringen	democratisering:n
arbeidskrachten	arbeidskracht:n
arbeidskrachtje	arbeidskracht:n
gewasje	gewas:n
exporteurs	exporteur:n
exporteurtje	exporteur:n
suikerrieten	suikerriet:n
suikerrietje	suikerriet:n
sojabonen	sojaboon:n
sojaboontje	sojaboon:n
ijzerertsen	ijzererts:n
kwartsen	kwarts:n
ongelijkheden	ongelijkheid:n
ongelijkheidje	ongelijkheid:n
dramme	drammen:v
leeuwendelen	leeuwendeel:n
vakbonden	vakbond:n
vakbondje	vakbond:n
afvaardig	afvaardigen:v
afvaardigde	afvaardigen:v
afvaardigt	afvaardigen:v
afvaardigden	afvaardigen:v
afvaardigend	afvaardigen:v
afgevaardigd	afvaardigen:v
merendelen	merendeel:n
merendeeltje	merendeel:n
besmet	besmetten:v
ruwer	ruw:a
ruwst	ruw:a
ruwe	ruw:a|ruwen:v
ruwere	ruw:a
ruwste	ruw:a
ruw	ruwen:v
opgewekter	opgewekt:a
opgewektst	opgewekt:a
opgewekte	opgewekt:a
opgewektere	opgewekt:a
opgewektste	opgewekt:a
zonnestelsels	zonnestelsel:n
zonnestelseltje	zonnestelsel:n
sterrenstelsels	sterrenstelsel:n
sterrenstelseltje	sterrenstelsel:n
onopvallender	onopvallend:a
onopvallendst	onopvallend:a
onopvallende	onopvallend:a
onopvallendere	onopvallend:a
onopvallendste	onopvallend:a
toeschouwers	toeschouwer:n
toeschouwertje	toeschouwer:n
excentrischer	excentrisch:a
excentrische	excentrisch:a
excentrischere	excentrisch:a
beschijn	beschijnen:v
bescheen	beschijnen:v
beschijnt	beschijnen:v
beschenen	beschijnen:v
beschijnend	beschijnen:v
getijden	getijde:n
omlooptijden	omlooptijd:n
schijngestalten	schijngestalte:n
afrem	afremmen:v
afremde	afremmen:v
afremt	afremmen:v
afremden	afremmen:v
afremmend	afremmen:v
afgeremd	afremmen:v
veranderlijker	veranderlijk:a
veranderlijkst	veranderlijk:a
veranderlijke	veranderlijk:a
veranderlijkere	veranderlijk:a
veranderlijkste	veranderlijk:a
bolvormiger	bolvormig:a
bolvormigst	bolvormig:a
bolvormige	bolvormig:a
bolvormigere	bolvormig:a
bolvormigste	bolvormig:a
uitdij	uitdijen:v
uitdijde	uitdijen:v
uitdijt	uitdijen:v
uitdijden	uitdijen:v
uitdijend	uitdijen:v
uitgedijd	uitdijen:v
wijdverspreide	wijdverspreid:a
kubieke	kubiek:a
viskeuzer	viskeus:a
viskeust	viskeus:a
viskeuze	viskeus:a
viskeuzere	viskeus:a
viskeuste	viskeus:a
vinde	vinden:v
opwaartse	opwaarts:a
duinen	duin:n
duintje	duin:n
omvattende	omvattend:a
schommel	schommelen:v
schommelde	schommelen:v
schommelt	schommelen:v
schommelden	schommelen:v
schommelend	schommelen:v
geschommeld	schommelen:v
schommels	schommel:n
schommeltje	schommel:n
tegenhou	tegenhouden:v
tegenhoud	tegenhouden:v
tegenhield	tegenhouden:v
tegenhoudt	tegenhouden:v
tegenhielden	tegenhouden:v
tegenhoudend	tegenhouden:v
tegengehouden	tegenhouden:v
oerwouden	oerwoud:n
oerwoudje	oerwoud:n
daadwerkelijke	daadwerkelijk:a
oplos	oplossen:v
oploste	oplossen:v
oplost	oplossen:v
oplosten	oplossen:v
oplossend	oplossen:v
opgelost	oplossen:v
toevoeren	toevoer:n
toevoertje	toevoer:n
kringloop	kringloopwinkel:n
kringlopen	kringloop:n
kringloopje	kringloop:n
breedtegraden	breedtegraad:n
breedtegraadje	breedtegraad:n
omkeringen	omkering:n
omkerinkje	omkering:n
poollichten	poollicht:n
aanvoertje	aanvoer:n
fladder	fladderen:v
fladderde	fladderen:v
fladdert	fladderen:v
fladderden	fladderen:v
fladderend	fladderen:v
gefladderd	fladderen:v
kwaak	kwaken:v
kwaakte	kwaken:v
kwaakt	kwaken:v
kwaakten	kwaken:v
kwakend	kwaken:v
gekwaakt	kwaken:v
carnavals	carnaval:n
carnavalletje	carnaval:n
forfaits	forfait:n
forfaitje	forfait:n
tafelbieren	tafelbier:n
tafelbiertje	tafelbier:n
menne	mennen:v
grutten	grut:n
grutje	grut:n
onderwierp	onderwerpen:v
onderwerpt	onderwerpen:v
onderwierpen	onderwerpen:v
onderwerpend	onderwerpen:v
onderworpen	onderwerpen:v
teleurstellingen	teleurstelling:n
teleurstellinkje	teleurstelling:n
misrekeningen	misrekening:n
misrekeningetje	misrekening:n
misrekeninkje	misrekening:n
binnenzeeën	binnenzee:n
binnenzeetje	binnenzee:n
krakers	kraker:n
krakertje	kraker:n
Germaanser	Germaans:a
Germaanst	Germaans:a
veldheren	veldheer:n
veldheertje	veldheer:n
ossenhuiden	ossenhuid:n
ossenhuidje	ossenhuid:n
manschappen	manschap:n
veldtochten	veldtocht:n
veldtochtje	veldtocht:n
garandeer	garanderen:v
garandeerde	garanderen:v
garandeert	garanderen:v
garandeerden	garanderen:v
garanderend	garanderen:v
gegarandeerd	garanderen:v
doortochten	doortocht:n
doortochtje	doortocht:n
gespierder	gespierd:a
gespierdst	gespierd:a
gespierde	gespierd:a
gespierdere	gespierd:a
gespierdste	gespierd:a
gespierd	spieren:v
bebaarde	bebaard:a
raadsels	raadsel:n
raadselen	raadsel:n
raadseltje	raadsel:n
raadselachtiger	raadselachtig:a
raadselachtigst	raadselachtig:a
raadselachtige	raadselachtig:a
raadselachtigere	raadselachtig:a
raadselachtigste	raadselachtig:a
raadselachtigheden	raadselachtigheid:n
terloopser	terloops:a
terloopst	terloops:a
terloopse	terloops:a
terloopsere	terloops:a
terloopste	terloops:a
ruiters	ruiter:n
ruitertje	ruiter:n
vrijgestelde	vrijgesteld:v
troebeler	troebel:a
troebelst	troebel:a
troebele	troebel:a
troebelere	troebel:a
troebelste	troebel:a
troebeltjes	troebelen:n
opstandelingen	opstandeling:n
opstandelingetje	opstandeling:n
platbrand	platbranden:v
platbrandde	platbranden:v
platbrandt	platbranden:v
platbrandden	platbranden:v
platbrandend	platbranden:v
platgebrand	platbranden:v
verhuizingen	verhuizing:n
verhuizinkje	verhuizing:n
pluriformer	pluriform:a
pluriformst	pluriform:a
pluriforme	pluriform:a
pluriformere	pluriform:a
pluriformste	pluriform:a
landvoogden	landvoogd:n
landvoogdje	landvoogd:n
hardvochtiger	hardvochtig:a
hardvochtigst	hardvochtig:a
hardvochtige	hardvochtig:a
hardvochtigere	hardvochtig:a
hardvochtigste	hardvochtig:a
uitlok	uitlokken:v
uitlokte	uitlokken:v
uitlokt	uitlokken:v
uitlokten	uitlokken:v
uitlokkend	uitlokken:v
uitgelokt	uitlokken:v
aanstellingen	aanstelling:n
aanstellinkje	aanstelling:n
verordonneer	verordonneren:v
verordonneerde	verordonneren:v
verordonneert	verordonneren:v
verordonneerden	verordonneren:v
verordonnerend	verordonneren:v
verordonneerd	verordonneren:v
belastinginners	belastinginner:n
belastinginnertje	belastinginner:n
optrek	optrekken:v
optrok	optrekken:v
optrekt	optrekken:v
optrokken	optrekken:v
optrekkend	optrekken:v
optrekken	optrek:n
opruk	oprukken:v
oprukte	oprukken:v
oprukt	oprukken:v
oprukten	oprukken:v
oprukkend	oprukken:v
opgerukt	oprukken:v
beteugel	beteugelen:v
beteugelde	beteugelen:v
beteugelt	beteugelen:v
beteugelden	beteugelen:v
beteugelend	beteugelen:v
beteugeld	beteugelen:v
leenwoorden	leenwoord:n
leenwoordje	leenwoord:n
sloopte	slopen:v
sloopt	slopen:v|sluipen:v
sloopten	slopen:v
slopend	slopen:v
gesloopt	slopen:v
ontvolk	ontvolken:v
ontvolkte	ontvolken:v
ontvolkt	ontvolken:v
ontvolkten	ontvolken:v
ontvolkend	ontvolken:v
inlijf	inlijven:v
inlijfde	inlijven:v
inlijft	inlijven:v
inlijfden	inlijven:v
inlijvend	inlijven:v
ingelijfd	inlijven:v
bekeer	bekeren:v
bekeerde	bekeren:v
bekeert	bekeren:v
bekeerden	bekeren:v
bekerend	bekeren:v
bekeerd	bekeren:v
bekerde	bekeren:v
bekert	bekeren:v
bekerden	bekeren:v
gebekerd	bekeren:v
versmelt	versmelten:v
versmolt	versmelten:v
versmolten	versmelten:v
versmeltend	versmelten:v
samensmelt	samensmelten:v
samensmolt	samensmelten:v
samensmolten	samensmelten:v
samensmeltend	samensmelten:v
samengesmolten	samensmelten:v
verlegenheden	verlegenheid:n
verlegenheidje	verlegenheid:n
plunderde	plunderen:v
plundert	plunderen:v
plunderden	plunderen:v
plunderend	plunderen:v
geplunderd	plunderen:v
kruistochten	kruistocht:n
kruistochtje	kruistocht:n
kruisvaarders	kruisvaarder:n
kruisvaardertje	kruisvaarder:n
tegenwoordigheden	tegenwoordigheid:n
leerstellige	leerstellig:a
verfijnder	verfijnd:a
verfijndst	verfijnd:a
verfijndere	verfijnd:a
verfijndste	verfijnd:a
vereenvoudigingen	vereenvoudiging:n
overga	overgaan:v
overging	overgaan:v
overgaat	overgaan:v
overgingen	overgaan:v
overgaand	overgaan:v
overgegaan	overgaan:v
psychosomatischer	psychosomatisch:a
psychosomatischt	psychosomatisch:a
psychosomatische	psychosomatisch:a
psychosomatischere	psychosomatisch:a
psychosomatischte	psychosomatisch:a
dees	deze:t
formicaria	formicarium:n
formicariumpje	formicarium:n
Lvov	Lviv:m
detecteerbaarder	detecteerbaar:a
detecteerbaarst	detecteerbaar:a
detecteerbare	detecteerbaar:a
detecteerbaardere	detecteerbaar:a
detecteerbaarste	detecteerbaar:a
afgeplatter	afgeplat:a
afgeplatst	afgeplat:a
afgeplatte	afgeplat:a
afgeplattere	afgeplat:a
afgeplatste	afgeplat:a
spiralen	spiraal:n
spiraaltje	spiraal:n
spiraalvormige	spiraalvormig:a
detecteer	detecteren:v
detecteerde	detecteren:v
detecteert	detecteren:v
detecteerden	detecteren:v
detecterend	detecteren:v
gedetecteerd	detecteren:v
ontbreek	ontbreken:v
ontbrak	ontbreken:v
ontbreekt	ontbreken:v
ontbraken	ontbreken:v
ontbrekend	ontbreken:v
ontbroken	ontbreken:v
avanceer	avanceren:v
avanceerde	avanceren:v
avanceert	avanceren:v
avanceerden	avanceren:v
avancerend	avanceren:v
geavanceerd	avanceren:v
geavanceerder	geavanceerd:a
geavanceerdst	geavanceerd:a
geavanceerde	geavanceerd:a
geavanceerdere	geavanceerd:a
geavanceerdste	geavanceerd:a
sterrenkundigen	sterrenkundige:n
oerknallen	oerknal:n
oerknalletje	oerknal:n
knallen	knal:n
knalletje	knal:n
knal	knallen:v
klonters	klonter:n
klontertje	klonter:n
benaderingen	benadering:n
aanpasbaarder	aanpasbaar:a
aanpasbaarst	aanpasbaar:a
aanpasbare	aanpasbaar:a
aanpasbaardere	aanpasbaar:a
aanpasbaarste	aanpasbaar:a
verwaarloos	verwaarlozen:v
wisselwerkingen	wisselwerking:n
wisselwerkinkje	wisselwerking:n
verwaarloosbaarder	verwaarloosbaar:a
verwaarloosbaarst	verwaarloosbaar:a
verwaarloosbare	verwaarloosbaar:a
verwaarloosbaardere	verwaarloosbaar:a
verwaarloosbaarste	verwaarloosbaar:a
samentrek	samentrekken:v
samentrok	samentrekken:v
samentrekt	samentrekken:v
samentrokken	samentrekken:v
samentrekkend	samentrekken:v
samengetrokken	samentrekken:v
plakte	plakken:v
plakt	plakken:v
plakten	plakken:v
plakkend	plakken:v
geplakt	plakken:v
ingewikkelder	ingewikkeld:a
ingewikkeldst	ingewikkeld:a
ingewikkelde	ingewikkeld:a
ingewikkeldere	ingewikkeld:a
ingewikkeldste	ingewikkeld:a
ingewikkeld	inwikkelen:v
denkbeeldiger	denkbeeldig:a
denkbeeldigst	denkbeeldig:a
denkbeeldige	denkbeeldig:a
denkbeeldigere	denkbeeldig:a
denkbeeldigste	denkbeeldig:a
interageer	interageren:v
interageerde	interageren:v
interageert	interageren:v
interageerden	interageren:v
interagerend	interageren:v
geïnterageerd	interageren:v
smakelijker	smakelijk:a
smakelijkst	smakelijk:a
smakelijke	smakelijk:a
smakelijkere	smakelijk:a
smakelijkste	smakelijk:a
aanknopingspunten	aanknopingspunt:n
aanknopingspuntje	aanknopingspunt:n
drumstellen	drumstel:n
drumstelletje	drumstel:n
ongewijzigde	ongewijzigd:a
fotografen	fotograaf:n
fotograafje	fotograaf:n
inzamelingen	inzameling:n
inzamelinkje	inzameling:n
Engelsen	Engelse:n|Engelsman:n
riffen	rif:n
rifje	rif:n
volksfeesten	volksfeest:n
volksfeestje	volksfeest:n
kermissen	kermis:n
kermisje	kermis:n
brouw	brouwen:v
brouwde	brouwen:v
brouwt	brouwen:v
brouwden	brouwen:v
brouwend	brouwen:v
gebrouwen	brouwen:v
gebrouwd	brouwen:v
bierpullen	bierpul:n
bierpulletje	bierpul:n
snoerde	snoeren:v
snoert	snoeren:v
snoerden	snoeren:v
snoerend	snoeren:v
gesnoerd	snoeren:v
verloof	verloven:v
verloofde	verloven:v
verlooft	verloven:v
verloofden	verloven:v|verloofde:n
verlovend	verloven:v
verloofd	verloven:v
verloven	verlof:n
voorkanten	voorkant:n
voorkantje	voorkant:n
draagsters	draagster:n
draagstertje	draagster:n
dweilen	dweil:n
dweiltje	dweil:n
dweil	dweilen:v
slaginstrumenten	slaginstrument:n
slaginstrumentje	slaginstrument:n
dweilorkesten	dweilorkest:n
dweilorkestje	dweilorkest:n
orkesten	orkest:n
orkestje	orkest:n
aangekleed	aankleden:v
blaaskapellen	blaaskapel:n
blaaskapelletje	blaaskapel:n
aanmoedig	aanmoedigen:v
aanmoedigde	aanmoedigen:v
aanmoedigt	aanmoedigen:v
aanmoedigden	aanmoedigen:v
aanmoedigend	aanmoedigen:v
aangemoedigd	aanmoedigen:v
onwaarheden	onwaarheid:n
onwaarheidje	onwaarheid:n
leegten	leegte:n
leegtes	leegte:n
leegtetje	leegte:n
predikers	prediker:n
predikertje	prediker:n
bovennatuurlijker	bovennatuurlijk:a
bovennatuurlijkst	bovennatuurlijk:a
bovennatuurlijke	bovennatuurlijk:a
bovennatuurlijkere	bovennatuurlijk:a
bovennatuurlijkste	bovennatuurlijk:a
verdoof	verdoven:v
verdoofde	verdoven:v
verdooft	verdoven:v
verdoofden	verdoven:v
verdovend	verdoven:v
verdoofd	verdoven:v
verdovender	verdovend:a
verdovendst	verdovend:a
verdovende	verdovend:a
verdovendere	verdovend:a
verdovendste	verdovend:a
ontevredenheden	ontevredenheid:n
ontevredenheidje	ontevredenheid:n
gehechtheden	gehechtheid:n
overgangsmetalen	overgangsmetaal:n
onmisbaarder	onmisbaar:a
onmisbaarst	onmisbaar:a
onmisbare	onmisbaar:a
onmisbaardere	onmisbaar:a
onmisbaarste	onmisbaar:a
bedwelm	bedwelmen:v
bedwelmde	bedwelmen:v
bedwelmt	bedwelmen:v
bedwelmden	bedwelmen:v
bedwelmend	bedwelmen:v
bedwelmd	bedwelmen:v
verzakingen	verzaking:n
oprechtheden	oprechtheid:n
beginselen	beginsel:n
beginsels	beginsel:n
beginseltje	beginsel:n
voorafga	voorafgaan:v
voorafging	voorafgaan:v
voorafgaat	voorafgaan:v
voorafgingen	voorafgaan:v
voorafgaand	voorafgaan:v
voorafgegaan	voorafgaan:v
wanhoop	wanhopen:v
ontwaak	ontwaken:v
ontwaakte	ontwaken:v
ontwaakt	ontwaken:v
ontwaakten	ontwaken:v
ontwakend	ontwaken:v
onderhevige	onderhevig:a
erbuiten	buiten:d
voorzetselbijwoorden	voorzetselbijwoord:n
eenlettergrepige	eenlettergrepig:a
meerlettergrepige	meerlettergrepig:a
oorzakelijkheden	oorzakelijkheid:n
vergaat	vergaan:v
vergingen	vergaan:v
onwetendheden	onwetendheid:n
onwetendheidje	onwetendheid:n
causaliteiten	causaliteit:n
kastijdingen	kastijding:n
kastijdinkje	kastijding:n
onvoordeliger	onvoordelig:a
onvoordeligst	onvoordelig:a
onvoordelige	onvoordelig:a
onvoordeligere	onvoordelig:a
onvoordeligste	onvoordelig:a
achtvoudige	achtvoudig:a
inlaat	inlaten:v
inliet	inlaten:v
inlieten	inlaten:v
inlatend	inlaten:v
ingelaten	inlaten:v
inlaten	inlaat:n
zijderoutes	zijderoute:n
inval	invallen:v
inviel	invallen:v
invalt	invallen:v
invielen	invallen:v
invallend	invallen:v
ingevallen	invallen:v
spreektalen	spreektaal:n
spreektaaltje	spreektaal:n
kalmtes	kalmte:n
uitbundigheden	uitbundigheid:n
uitzichtlozer	uitzichtloos:a
uitzichtloost	uitzichtloos:a
uitzichtloze	uitzichtloos:a
uitzichtlozere	uitzichtloos:a
uitzichtlooste	uitzichtloos:a
uitzichten	uitzicht:n
uitzichtje	uitzicht:n
toelichtingen	toelichting:n
gelijkvloerse	gelijkvloers:a
kruisingen	kruising:n
kruisinkje	kruising:n
slagbomen	slagboom:n
slagboompje	slagboom:n
aankledingen	aankleding:n
aankledinkje	aankleding:n
instapje	instap:n
afwegingen	afweging:n
afweginkje	afweging:n
busbanen	busbaan:n
busbaantje	busbaan:n
gsm's	gsm:n
gsm'etje	gsm:n
pretparken	pretpark:n
pretparkje	pretpark:n
themaparken	themapark:n
themaparkje	themapark:n
genaamde	genaamd:a
verbouw	verbouwen:v
verbouwde	verbouwen:v
verbouwt	verbouwen:v
verbouwden	verbouwen:v
verbouwend	verbouwen:v
verbouwd	verbouwen:v
achtbanen	achtbaan:n
achtbaantje	achtbaan:n
snoezel	snoezelen:v
snoezelde	snoezelen:v
snoezelt	snoezelen:v
snoezelden	snoezelen:v
snoezelend	snoezelen:v
gesnoezeld	snoezelen:v
snuffel	snuffelen:v
snuffelde	snuffelen:v
snuffelt	snuffelen:v
snuffelden	snuffelen:v
snuffelend	snuffelen:v
gesnuffeld	snuffelen:v
doezel	doezelen:v
doezelde	doezelen:v
doezelt	doezelen:v
doezelden	doezelen:v
doezelend	doezelen:v
gedoezeld	doezelen:v
notarissen	notaris:n
notarisje	notaris:n
echtscheidingen	echtscheiding:n
echtscheidinkje	echtscheiding:n
kloofdalen	kloofdal:n
kloofdalletje	kloofdal:n
stuwdammen	stuwdam:n
stuwdammetje	stuwdam:n
trajecten	traject:n
trajectje	traject:n
bevindt	bevinden:v
bevind	bevinden:v
bevond	bevinden:v
bevonden	bevinden:v
bevindend	bevinden:v
uitlopers	uitloper:n
uitlopertje	uitloper:n
versmal	versmallen:v
versmalde	versmallen:v
versmalt	versmallen:v
versmalden	versmallen:v
versmallend	versmallen:v
versmald	versmallen:v
bakkerijen	bakkerij:n
bakkerijtje	bakkerij:n
houw	houwen:v
hieuw	houwen:v
houwt	houwen:v
hieuwen	houwen:v
houwend	houwen:v
gehouwen	houwen:v
houwde	houwen:v
houwden	houwen:v
houwen	houden:v
blootleg	blootleggen:v
blootlegde	blootleggen:v
blootlegt	blootleggen:v
blootlegden	blootleggen:v
blootleggend	blootleggen:v
blootgelegd	blootleggen:v
uithouw	uithouwen:v
uithieuw	uithouwen:v
uithouwt	uithouwen:v
uithieuwen	uithouwen:v
uithouwend	uithouwen:v
uitgehouwen	uithouwen:v
uithouwde	uithouwen:v
uithouwden	uithouwen:v
beruchter	berucht:a
beruchtst	berucht:a
beruchte	berucht:a
beruchtere	berucht:a
beruchtste	berucht:a
doorgangen	doorgang:n
doorgangetje	doorgang:n
navenante	navenant:a
bevaarbaarder	bevaarbaar:a
bevaarbaarst	bevaarbaar:a
bevaarbare	bevaarbaar:a
bevaarbaardere	bevaarbaar:a
bevaarbaarste	bevaarbaar:a
vaargeulen	vaargeul:n
vaargeultje	vaargeul:n
stuwmeren	stuwmeer:n
stuwmeertje	stuwmeer:n
gehuisveste	gehuisvest:a
gehuisvest	huisvesten:v
steuren	steur:n
steurtje	steur:n
kronkelender	kronkelend:a
kronkelendst	kronkelend:a
kronkelende	kronkelend:a
kronkelendere	kronkelend:a
kronkelendste	kronkelend:a
kronkelend	kronkelen:v
kronkel	kronkelen:v
kronkelde	kronkelen:v
kronkelt	kronkelen:v
kronkelden	kronkelen:v
gekronkeld	kronkelen:v
vrijhavens	vrijhaven:n
vrijhaventje	vrijhaven:n
smokkelnesten	smokkelnest:n
smokkelnestje	smokkelnest:n
ommuur	ommuren:v
ommuurde	ommuren:v
ommuurt	ommuren:v
ommuurden	ommuren:v
ommurend	ommuren:v
ommuurd	ommuren:v
twistappels	twistappel:n
twistappeltje	twistappel:n
aansluitingen	aansluiting:n
aansluitinkje	aansluiting:n
schenkingen	schenking:n
schenkinkje	schenking:n
oprijs	oprijzen:v
oprees	oprijzen:v
oprijst	oprijzen:v
oprezen	oprijzen:v
oprijzend	oprijzen:v
opgerezen	oprijzen:v
uitslijp	uitslijpen:v
uitsleep	uitslijpen:v
uitslijpt	uitslijpen:v
uitslepen	uitslijpen:v
uitslijpend	uitslijpen:v
uitgeslepen	uitslijpen:v
hengsels	hengsel:n
hengseltje	hengsel:n
achteromkijk	achteromkijken:v
achteromkeek	achteromkijken:v
achteromkijkt	achteromkijken:v
achteromkeken	achteromkijken:v
achteromkijkend	achteromkijken:v
achteromgekeken	achteromkijken:v
moeitelozer	moeiteloos:a
moeiteloost	moeiteloos:a
moeiteloze	moeiteloos:a
moeitelozere	moeiteloos:a
moeitelooste	moeiteloos:a
auditeer	auditeren:v
auditeerde	auditeren:v
auditeert	auditeren:v
auditeerden	auditeren:v
auditerend	auditeren:v
geauditeerd	auditeren:v
duikers	duiker:n
duikertje	duiker:n
bespaar	besparen:v
bespaarde	besparen:v
bespaart	besparen:v
bespaarden	besparen:v
besparend	besparen:v
bespaard	besparen:v
vrachtauto's	vrachtauto:n
vrachtautootje	vrachtauto:n
kanonslopen	kanonsloop:n
kanonsloopje	kanonsloop:n
volloop	vollopen:v
volliep	vollopen:v
volloopt	vollopen:v
volliepen	vollopen:v
vollopend	vollopen:v
volgelopen	vollopen:v
experimenteer	experimenteren:v
experimenteerde	experimenteren:v
experimenteert	experimenteren:v
experimenteerden	experimenteren:v
experimenterend	experimenteren:v
geëxperimenteerd	experimenteren:v
patrouilleer	patrouilleren:v
patrouilleerde	patrouilleren:v
patrouilleert	patrouilleren:v
patrouilleerden	patrouilleren:v
patrouillerend	patrouilleren:v
gepatrouilleerd	patrouilleren:v
frituur	frituren:v
frituurde	frituren:v
frituurt	frituren:v
frituurden	frituren:v
friturend	frituren:v
gefrituurd	frituren:v
frituren	frituur:n
botanicusje	botanicus:n
teelten	teelt:n
teelt	telen:v
veredelingen	veredeling:n
hervormers	hervormer:n
hervormertje	hervormer:n
kruidentuinen	kruidentuin:n
kruidentuintje	kruidentuin:n
kruid	kruiden:v
kruidde	kruiden:v
kruidt	kruiden:v
kruidden	kruiden:v
kruidend	kruiden:v
gekruid	kruiden:v|kruien:v
geneeskrachtiger	geneeskrachtig:a
geneeskrachtigst	geneeskrachtig:a
geneeskrachtige	geneeskrachtig:a
geneeskrachtigere	geneeskrachtig:a
geneeskrachtigste	geneeskrachtig:a
aanleg	aanleggen:v
aanlegde	aanleggen:v
aanlegt	aanleggen:v
aanlegden	aanleggen:v
aanleggend	aanleggen:v
aangelegd	aanleggen:v
tulpenbollen	tulpenbol:n
tulpenbolletje	tulpenbol:n
overstijg	overstijgen:v
oversteeg	overstijgen:v
overstijgt	overstijgen:v
overstegen	overstijgen:v
overstijgend	overstijgen:v
ommekeren	ommekeer:n
ommekeertje	ommekeer:n
gelijkspelen	gelijkspel:n
gelijkspellen	gelijkspel:n
gelijkspelletje	gelijkspel:n
wreefje	wreef:n
onervarenheden	onervarenheid:n
aanwrijf	aanwrijven:v
aanwreef	aanwrijven:v
aanwrijft	aanwrijven:v
aanwreven	aanwrijven:v
aanwrijvend	aanwrijven:v
aangewreven	aanwrijven:v
weef	weven:v
weefde	weven:v
weeft	weven:v
weefden	weven:v
wevend	weven:v
geweven	weven:v
bezuinig	bezuinigen:v
bezuinigde	bezuinigen:v
bezuinigt	bezuinigen:v
bezuinigden	bezuinigen:v
bezuinigend	bezuinigen:v
bezuinigd	bezuinigen:v
aansprakelijkheidsverzekeringen	aansprakelijkheidsverzekering:n
inlichtingendiensten	inlichtingendienst:n
parater	paraat:a
paraatst	paraat:a
parate	paraat:a
paratere	paraat:a
paraatste	paraat:a
gedegener	gedegen:a
gedegenst	gedegen:a
gedegenste	gedegen:a
verspil	verspillen:v
verspilde	verspillen:v
verspilt	verspillen:v
verspilden	verspillen:v
verspillend	verspillen:v
verspild	verspillen:v
verspillender	verspillend:a
verspillendst	verspillend:a
verspillende	verspillend:a
verspillendere	verspillend:a
verspillendste	verspillend:a
verkwist	verkwisten:v
verkwistte	verkwisten:v
verkwistten	verkwisten:v
verkwistend	verkwisten:v
verkwistender	verkwistend:a
verkwistendst	verkwistend:a
verkwistende	verkwistend:a
verkwistendere	verkwistend:a
verkwistendste	verkwistend:a
hamerde	hameren:v
hamert	hameren:v
hamerden	hameren:v
hamerend	hameren:v
gehamerd	hameren:v
reddingsplannen	reddingsplan:n
reddingsplannetje	reddingsplan:n
eindvonnissen	eindvonnis:n
eindvonnisje	eindvonnis:n
voornemens	voornemen:n
voornementje	voornemen:n
voorneem	voornemen:v
voornam	voornemen:v
voorneemt	voornemen:v
voornemend	voornemen:v
voorgenomen	voornemen:v
slachterijen	slachterij:n
slachterijtje	slachterij:n
werkwijzen	werkwijze:n
sacrale	sacraal:a
pneumothoraxen	pneumothorax:n
pneumothoraxje	pneumothorax:n
vliegers	vlieger:n
vliegertje	vlieger:n
leukemieën	leukemie:n
kwelders	kwelder:n
kweldertje	kwelder:n
ontgin	ontginnen:v
ontgon	ontginnen:v
ontgint	ontginnen:v
ontgonnen	ontginnen:v
ontginnend	ontginnen:v
zalmmoten	zalmmoot:n
zalmmootje	zalmmoot:n
voordraag	voordragen:v
voordroeg	voordragen:v
voordraagt	voordragen:v
voordroegen	voordragen:v
voordragend	voordragen:v
voorgedragen	voordragen:v
apostelen	apostel:n
apostels	apostel:n
aposteltje	apostel:n
recessen	reces:n
recesje	reces:n
langwerpiger	langwerpig:a
langwerpigst	langwerpig:a
langwerpige	langwerpig:a
langwerpigere	langwerpig:a
langwerpigste	langwerpig:a
afschaf	afschaffen:v
afschafte	afschaffen:v
afschaft	afschaffen:v
afschaften	afschaffen:v
afschaffend	afschaffen:v
afgeschaft	afschaffen:v
neergangen	neergang:n
flopte	floppen:v
flopt	floppen:v
flopten	floppen:v
floppend	floppen:v
geflopt	floppen:v
roemruchtiger	roemruchtig:a
roemruchtigst	roemruchtig:a
roemruchtige	roemruchtig:a
roemruchtigere	roemruchtig:a
roemruchtigste	roemruchtig:a
vierhoekige	vierhoekig:a
wolkenkrabbers	wolkenkrabber:n
wolkenkrabbertje	wolkenkrabber:n
miljardairs	miljardair:n
miljardairtje	miljardair:n
ongedane	ongedaan:a
roekelozer	roekeloos:a
roekeloost	roekeloos:a
roekeloze	roekeloos:a
roekelozere	roekeloos:a
roekelooste	roekeloos:a
beroemdheden	beroemdheid:n
beroemdheidje	beroemdheid:n
versieringen	versiering:n
versierinkje	versiering:n
afgevaardigden	afgevaardigde:n
wereldlijke	wereldlijk:a
staafkerken	staafkerk:n
staafkerkje	staafkerk:n
tulpenmanieën	tulpenmanie:n
tulpenmanies	tulpenmanie:n
tulpenmanietje	tulpenmanie:n
striptekenaars	striptekenaar:n
striptekenaartje	striptekenaar:n
beschik	beschikken:v
beschikte	beschikken:v
beschikt	beschikken:v
beschikten	beschikken:v
beschikkend	beschikken:v
nosologieën	nosologie:n
ondergistende	ondergistend:a
factuurtje	factuur:n
bokbier	bockbier:n
accijnzen	accijns:n
accijnsje	accijns:n
bovengistende	bovengistend:a
verordeningen	verordening:n
verordeningetje	verordening:n
stormlopen	stormloop:n
stormloopje	stormloop:n
neerstort	neerstorten:v
neerstortte	neerstorten:v
neerstortten	neerstorten:v
neerstortend	neerstorten:v
neergestort	neerstorten:v
afstraf	afstraffen:v
afstrafte	afstraffen:v
afstraft	afstraffen:v
afstraften	afstraffen:v
afstraffend	afstraffen:v
afgestraft	afstraffen:v
olieverven	olieverf:n
olieverfje	olieverf:n
zegekarren	zegekar:n
zegekarretje	zegekar:n
gebukte	gebukt:a
gebukt	bukken:v
lichtzinniger	lichtzinnig:a
lichtzinnigst	lichtzinnig:a
lichtzinnige	lichtzinnig:a
lichtzinnigere	lichtzinnig:a
lichtzinnigste	lichtzinnig:a
daaruitvolgende	daaruitvolgend:a
besteedbaarder	besteedbaar:a
besteedbaarst	besteedbaar:a
besteedbare	besteedbaar:a
besteedbaardere	besteedbaar:a
besteedbaarste	besteedbaar:a
overerfbare	overerfbaar:a
karrenvrachten	karrenvracht:n
karrenvrachtje	karrenvracht:n
kelken	kelk:n
kelkje	kelk:n
verhandel	verhandelen:v
verhandelde	verhandelen:v
verhandelt	verhandelen:v
verhandelden	verhandelen:v
verhandelend	verhandelen:v
verhandeld	verhandelen:v
nalevingen	naleving:n
indammingen	indamming:n
activa	activum:n
impulsen	impuls:n
schoei	schoeien:v
schoeide	schoeien:v
schoeit	schoeien:v
schoeiden	schoeien:v
schoeiend	schoeien:v
geschoeid	schoeien:v
afvalliger	afvallig:a
afvalligst	afvallig:a
afvallige	afvallig:a
afvalligere	afvallig:a
afvalligste	afvallig:a
getrouwer	getrouw:a
getrouwst	getrouw:a
getrouwe	getrouw:a
getrouwere	getrouw:a
getrouwste	getrouw:a
verviel	vervallen:v
vervalt	vervallen:v
vervielen	vervallen:v
vervallend	vervallen:v
vervallener	vervallen:a
vervallenst	vervallen:a
vervallenste	vervallen:a
grootmachten	grootmacht:n
grootmachtje	grootmacht:n
misluk	mislukken:v
mislukte	mislukken:v|mislukt:a
mislukt	mislukken:v
mislukten	mislukken:v
mislukkend	mislukken:v
intrap	intrappen:v
intrapte	intrappen:v
intrapt	intrappen:v
intrapten	intrappen:v
intrappend	intrappen:v
ingetrapt	intrappen:v
verslechter	verslechteren:v
verslechterde	verslechteren:v
verslechtert	verslechteren:v
verslechterden	verslechteren:v
verslechterend	verslechteren:v
verslechterd	verslechteren:v
verdrievoudig	verdrievoudigen:v
verdrievoudigde	verdrievoudigen:v
verdrievoudigt	verdrievoudigen:v
verdrievoudigden	verdrievoudigen:v
verdrievoudigend	verdrievoudigen:v
verdrievoudigd	verdrievoudigen:v
drievoudige	drievoudig:a
bergachtiger	bergachtig:a
bergachtigst	bergachtig:a
bergachtige	bergachtig:a
bergachtigere	bergachtig:a
bergachtigste	bergachtig:a
homogener	homogeen:a
homogeenst	homogeen:a
homogene	homogeen:a
homogenere	homogeen:a
homogeenste	homogeen:a
heroplevingen	heropleving:n
heroplevinkje	heropleving:n
vnl.	voornamelijk:d
afraad	afraden:v
afraadde	afraden:v
afraadt	afraden:v
afraadden	afraden:v
afradend	afraden:v
afgeraden	afraden:v
afried	afraden:v
afrieden	afraden:v
kustlijnen	kustlijn:n
kustlijntje	kustlijn:n
bezienswaardigheden	bezienswaardigheid:n
bezienswaardigheidje	bezienswaardigheid:n
inrichtingen	inrichting:n
inrichtinkje	inrichting:n
inrichtingetje	inrichting:n
goedkeuringen	goedkeuring:n
goedkeurinkje	goedkeuring:n
bekrachtig	bekrachtigen:v
bekrachtigde	bekrachtigen:v
bekrachtigt	bekrachtigen:v
bekrachtigden	bekrachtigen:v
bekrachtigend	bekrachtigen:v
bekrachtigd	bekrachtigen:v
goedkeur	goedkeuren:v
goedkeurde	goedkeuren:v
goedkeurt	goedkeuren:v
goedkeurden	goedkeuren:v
goedkeurend	goedkeuren:v
goedgekeurd	goedkeuren:v
overvloediger	overvloedig:a
overvloedigst	overvloedig:a
overvloedige	overvloedig:a
overvloedigere	overvloedig:a
overvloedigste	overvloedig:a
scheldwoorden	scheldwoord:n
scheldwoordje	scheldwoord:n
stevigheden	stevigheid:n
houtachtiger	houtachtig:a
houtachtigst	houtachtig:a
houtachtige	houtachtig:a
houtachtigere	houtachtig:a
houtachtigste	houtachtig:a
wijwaters	wijwater:n
wijwatertje	wijwater:n
twijgen	twijg:n
twijgje	twijg:n
vlieren	vlier:n
vliertje	vlier:n
heesters	heester:n
heestertje	heester:n
kliertje	klier:n
kruidachtiger	kruidachtig:a
kruidachtigst	kruidachtig:a
kruidachtige	kruidachtig:a
kruidachtigere	kruidachtig:a
kruidachtigste	kruidachtig:a
kiemingen	kieming:n
kiemen	kiem:n
kiempje	kiem:n
kiem	kiemen:v
eenzaadlobbige	eenzaadlobbig:a
tweezaadlobbige	tweezaadlobbig:a
vleziger	vlezig:a
vlezigst	vlezig:a
vlezige	vlezig:a
vlezigere	vlezig:a
vlezigste	vlezig:a
weefselen	weefsel:n
weefsels	weefsel:n
weefseltje	weefsel:n
pagara's	pagara:n
pagaraatje	pagara:n
baken	baak:n|bakenen:v
baakje	baak:n
regisseurs	regisseur:n
regisseurtje	regisseur:n
bekroon	bekronen:v
bekroonde	bekronen:v
bekroont	bekronen:v
bekroonden	bekronen:v
bekronend	bekronen:v
bekroond	bekronen:v
regisseer	regisseren:v
regisseerde	regisseren:v
regisseert	regisseren:v
regisseerden	regisseren:v
regisserend	regisseren:v
geregisseerd	regisseren:v
bannelingen	banneling:n
bannelingetje	banneling:n
vergrijp	vergrijpen:v
vergreep	vergrijpen:v
vergrijpt	vergrijpen:v
vergrepen	vergrijpen:v
vergrijpend	vergrijpen:v
verfilm	verfilmen:v
verfilmde	verfilmen:v
verfilmt	verfilmen:v
verfilmden	verfilmen:v
verfilmend	verfilmen:v
verfilmd	verfilmen:v
tegendraadser	tegendraads:a
tegendraadst	tegendraads:a
tegendraadse	tegendraads:a
tegendraadsere	tegendraads:a
tegendraadste	tegendraads:a
opvoedkundige	opvoedkundig:a
herleid	herleiden:v
herleidde	herleiden:v
herleidt	herleiden:v
herleidden	herleiden:v
herleidend	herleiden:v
bestedingen	besteding:n
bestedinkje	besteding:n
lekkernijen	lekkernij:n
lekkernijtje	lekkernij:n
wortelstokken	wortelstok:n
wortelstokje	wortelstok:n
kweken	kweek:n
kweekje	kweek:n
brandnetels	brandnetel:n
brandneteltje	brandnetel:n
porknokkers	porknokker:n
porknokkertje	porknokker:n
schijnstammen	schijnstam:n
schijnstammetje	schijnstam:n
stapelde	stapelen:v
stapelt	stapelen:v
stapelden	stapelen:v
stapelend	stapelen:v
gestapeld	stapelen:v
schubben	schub:n
schubje	schub:n
schubbetje	schub:n
dialysen	dialyse:n
dialysetje	dialyse:n
telefonades	telefonade:n
concedeer	concederen:v
concedeerde	concederen:v
concedeert	concederen:v
concedeerden	concederen:v
concederend	concederen:v
geconcedeerd	concederen:v
morden	morren:v
moveer	moveren:v
moveerde	moveren:v
moveert	moveren:v
moveerden	moveren:v
moverend	moveren:v
gemoveerd	moveren:v
movede	moven:v
movet	moven:v
moveden	moven:v
movend	moven:v
gemoved	moven:v
zwangerschappen	zwangerschap:n
pretendeer	pretenderen:v
pretendeerde	pretenderen:v
pretendeert	pretenderen:v
pretendeerden	pretenderen:v
pretenderend	pretenderen:v
gepretendeerd	pretenderen:v
chocola	chocolade:n
Neerlandser	Neerlands:a
Neerlandst	Neerlands:a
Neerlandse	Neerlands:a
Neerlandsere	Neerlands:a
Neerlandste	Neerlands:a
Neerland	Nederland:m
servietten	serviet:n
servietje	serviet:n
therians	therian:n
jaargetijden	jaargetijde:n|jaargetij:n
bakboorden	bakboord:n
bakboordje	bakboord:n
Aziatischer	Aziatisch:a
Aziatischt	Aziatisch:a
Aziatische	Aziatisch:a
Aziatischere	Aziatisch:a
Aziatischte	Aziatisch:a
nauwkeurigheden	nauwkeurigheid:n
nauwkeurigheidje	nauwkeurigheid:n
vergiftig	vergiftigen:v
vergiftigde	vergiftigen:v
vergiftigt	vergiftigen:v
vergiftigden	vergiftigen:v
vergiftigend	vergiftigen:v
vergiftigd	vergiftigen:v
mentaler	mentaal:a
mentaalst	mentaal:a
mentalere	mentaal:a
mentaalste	mentaal:a
aquaducten	aquaduct:n
aquaductje	aquaduct:n
gelede	geleed:a
kinderwagens	kinderwagen:n
kinderwagentje	kinderwagen:n
proefje	proef:n
deelnemers	deelnemer:n
deelnemertje	deelnemer:n
evalueer	evalueren:v
evalueerde	evalueren:v
evalueert	evalueren:v
evalueerden	evalueren:v
evaluerend	evalueren:v
geëvalueerd	evalueren:v
uitbaat	uitbaten:v
uitbaatte	uitbaten:v
uitbaatten	uitbaten:v
uitbatend	uitbaten:v
uitgebaat	uitbaten:v
bijkomende	bijkomend:a
pijpleidingen	pijpleiding:n
pijpleidinkje	pijpleiding:n
pijpje	pijp:n
vasthou	vasthouden:v
vasthoud	vasthouden:v
vasthield	vasthouden:v
vasthoudt	vasthouden:v
vasthielden	vasthouden:v
vasthoudend	vasthouden:v
vastgehouden	vasthouden:v
boorschepen	boorschip:n
boorscheepje	boorschip:n
hefeilanden	hefeiland:n
hefeilandje	hefeiland:n
stuurbaarder	stuurbaar:a
stuurbaarst	stuurbaar:a
stuurbare	stuurbaar:a
stuurbaardere	stuurbaar:a
stuurbaarste	stuurbaar:a
karweien	karwei:n
karweitje	karwei:n
stroomrekeningen	stroomrekening:n
stroomrekeningetje	stroomrekening:n
ruin	ruinen:v
ruinde	ruinen:v
ruint	ruinen:v
ruinden	ruinen:v
ruinend	ruinen:v
geruind	ruinen:v
lant	land:n
claime	claimen:v
antwoordapparaten	antwoordapparaat:n
antwoordapparaatje	antwoordapparaat:n
monumentale	monumentaal:a
kleintjes	kleintje:n
zorgvuldiger	zorgvuldig:a
zorgvuldigst	zorgvuldig:a
zorgvuldige	zorgvuldig:a
zorgvuldigere	zorgvuldig:a
zorgvuldigste	zorgvuldig:a
symptomen	symptoom:n
symptoompje	symptoom:n
geldstukken	geldstuk:n
geldstukje	geldstuk:n
edelherten	edelhert:n
edelhertje	edelhert:n
spinnenwebben	spinnenweb:n
spinnenwebje	spinnenweb:n
spinnenwebbetje	spinnenweb:n
kleindochters	kleindochter:n
kleindochtertje	kleindochter:n
schoonmoeders	schoonmoeder:n
schoonmoedertje	schoonmoeder:n
zelatrices	zelatrice:n
puisten	puist:n
puistje	puist:n
ijsbergen	ijsberg:n
ijsbergje	ijsberg:n
voltooi	voltooien:v
voltooit	voltooien:v
voltooiden	voltooien:v
voltooiend	voltooien:v
chocolaatjes	chocolaatje:n
bijwerk	bijwerken:v
bijwerkte	bijwerken:v
bijwerkt	bijwerken:v
bijwerkten	bijwerken:v
bijwerkend	bijwerken:v
bijgewerkt	bijwerken:v
ivoren	ivoor:n
ivoortje	ivoor:n
ivoorkleuriger	ivoorkleurig:a
ivoorkleurigst	ivoorkleurig:a
ivoorkleurige	ivoorkleurig:a
ivoorkleurigere	ivoorkleurig:a
ivoorkleurigste	ivoorkleurig:a
zeemachten	zeemacht:n
zeemachtje	zeemacht:n
marineblauwer	marineblauw:a
marineblauwst	marineblauw:a
marineblauwe	marineblauw:a
marineblauwere	marineblauw:a
marineblauwste	marineblauw:a
waterijsje	waterijs:n
limoenen	limoen:n
limoentje	limoen:n
olijven	olijf:n
olijfje	olijf:n
olijfgroener	olijfgroen:a
olijfgroenst	olijfgroen:a
olijfgroene	olijfgroen:a
olijfgroenere	olijfgroen:a
olijfgroenste	olijfgroen:a
seringen	sering:n
seringetje	sering:n
talingen	taling:n
talinkje	taling:n
priesters	priester:n
priesteren	priester:n
priestertje	priester:n
platvissen	platvis:n
platvisje	platvis:n
ellebogen	elleboog:n
elleboogje	elleboog:n
dimensies	dimensie:n
dimensietje	dimensie:n
aandelenbeurzen	aandelenbeurs:n
aandelenbeursje	aandelenbeurs:n
obligaties	obligatie:n
obligatietje	obligatie:n
schuldbewijzen	schuldbewijs:n
schuldbewijsje	schuldbewijs:n
visserijen	visserij:n
visserijtje	visserij:n
praaltje	praal:n
praalwagens	praalwagen:n
praalwagentje	praalwagen:n
bloemencorso's	bloemencorso:n
bloemencorsootje	bloemencorso:n
stadsrechten	stadsrecht:n
stadsrechtje	stadsrecht:n
bloeitijden	bloeitijd:n
bloeitijdje	bloeitijd:n
verdedigingen	verdediging:n
verdediginkje	verdediging:n
losgelden	losgeld:n
losgeldje	losgeld:n
opbloei	opbloeien:v
opbloeide	opbloeien:v
opbloeit	opbloeien:v
opbloeiden	opbloeien:v
opbloeiend	opbloeien:v
opgebloeid	opbloeien:v
drosten	drost:n
drostje	drost:n
kwijn	kwijnen:v
kwijnde	kwijnen:v
kwijnt	kwijnen:v
kwijnden	kwijnen:v
kwijnend	kwijnen:v
gekwijnd	kwijnen:v
slotgrachten	slotgracht:n
slotgrachtje	slotgracht:n
inpolderingen	inpoldering:n
stropers	stroper:n
stropertje	stroper:n
veldwachters	veldwachter:n
veldwachtertje	veldwachter:n
verhoor	verhoren:v
verhoorde	verhoren:v
verhoort	verhoren:v
verhoorden	verhoren:v
verhorend	verhoren:v
verhoord	verhoren:v
verhoren	verhoor:n
hechtenissen	hechtenis:n
afhaak	afhaken:v
afhaakte	afhaken:v
afhaakt	afhaken:v
afhaakten	afhaken:v
afhakend	afhaken:v
afgehaakt	afhaken:v
stoffeer	stofferen:v
stoffeerde	stofferen:v
stoffeert	stofferen:v
stoffeerden	stofferen:v
stofferend	stofferen:v
gestoffeerd	stofferen:v
stoffeerders	stoffeerder:n
stoffeerdertje	stoffeerder:n
hormonen	hormoon:n
hormoontje	hormoon:n
koppiger	koppig:a
koppigst	koppig:a
koppige	koppig:a
koppigere	koppig:a
koppigste	koppig:a
flamands	flamand:n
biljartspelen	biljartspel:n
biljartspellen	biljartspel:n
biljartspelletje	biljartspel:n
kaats	kaatsen:v
kaatste	kaatsen:v
kaatst	kaatsen:v
kaatsten	kaatsen:v
kaatsend	kaatsen:v
gekaatst	kaatsen:v
thuislanden	thuisland:n
thuislandje	thuisland:n
scheidsrechters	scheidsrechter:n
scheidsrechtertje	scheidsrechter:n
scoreborden	scorebord:n
scorebordje	scorebord:n
bijzonderheden	bijzonderheid:n
strafpunten	strafpunt:n
strafpuntje	strafpunt:n
bestraf	bestraffen:v
bestrafte	bestraffen:v
bestraft	bestraffen:v
bestraften	bestraffen:v
bestraffend	bestraffen:v
verlengingen	verlenging:n
verlenginkje	verlenging:n
gevorderder	gevorderd:a
gevorderdst	gevorderd:a
gevorderde	gevorderd:a
gevorderdere	gevorderd:a
gevorderdste	gevorderd:a
bevorderlijker	bevorderlijk:a
bevorderlijkst	bevorderlijk:a
bevorderlijke	bevorderlijk:a
bevorderlijkere	bevorderlijk:a
bevorderlijkste	bevorderlijk:a
aanprijs	aanprijzen:v
aanprees	aanprijzen:v
aanprijst	aanprijzen:v
aanprezen	aanprijzen:v
aanprijzend	aanprijzen:v
aangeprezen	aanprijzen:v
mijmer	mijmeren:v
mijmerde	mijmeren:v
mijmert	mijmeren:v
mijmerden	mijmeren:v
mijmerend	mijmeren:v
gemijmerd	mijmeren:v
keuriger	keurig:a
keurigst	keurig:a
keurige	keurig:a
keurigere	keurig:a
keurigste	keurig:a
strikdassen	strikdas:n
strikdasje	strikdas:n
samenvat	samenvatten:v
samenvatte	samenvatten:v
samenvattend	samenvatten:v
samengevat	samenvatten:v
mascarons	mascaron:n
mascaronetje	mascaron:n
eksamen	examen:n
zegevier	zegevieren:v
zegevierde	zegevieren:v
zegeviert	zegevieren:v
zegevierden	zegevieren:v
zegevierend	zegevieren:v
gezegevierd	zegevieren:v
verzoekingen	verzoeking:n
volksmenners	volksmenner:n
volksmennertje	volksmenner:n
menden	mennen:v
mennend	mennen:v
gemend	mennen:v
muntte	munten:v
muntten	munten:v
muntend	munten:v
gemunt	munten:v
primaten	primaat:n
primaatje	primaat:n
kruisbeelden	kruisbeeld:n
kruisbeeldje	kruisbeeld:n
zaailingen	zaailing:n
zaailingetje	zaailing:n
onrustiger	onrustig:a
onrustigst	onrustig:a
onrustige	onrustig:a
onrustigere	onrustig:a
onrustigste	onrustig:a
kopstukken	kopstuk:n
kopstukje	kopstuk:n
oorlogsmisdadigers	oorlogsmisdadiger:n
oorlogsmisdadigertje	oorlogsmisdadiger:n
onvoorwaardelijker	onvoorwaardelijk:a
onvoorwaardelijkst	onvoorwaardelijk:a
onvoorwaardelijke	onvoorwaardelijk:a
onvoorwaardelijkere	onvoorwaardelijk:a
onvoorwaardelijkste	onvoorwaardelijk:a
ongeldige	ongeldig:a
beginpunten	beginpunt:n
beginpuntje	beginpunt:n
maarschalken	maarschalk:n
maarschalkje	maarschalk:n
veldmaarschalken	veldmaarschalk:n
opperbevelhebbers	opperbevelhebber:n
opperbevelhebbertje	opperbevelhebber:n
aanklagers	aanklager:n
aanklagertje	aanklager:n
oorlogsmisdrijven	oorlogsmisdrijf:n
verweren	verweer:n
verweertje	verweer:n
verweer	verweren:v
verstikkingen	verstikking:n
opzetten	opzet:n
opzetje	opzet:n
vergankelijkheden	vergankelijkheid:n
vergankelijker	vergankelijk:a
vergankelijkst	vergankelijk:a
vergankelijke	vergankelijk:a
vergankelijkere	vergankelijk:a
vergankelijkste	vergankelijk:a
inwijd	inwijden:v
inwijdde	inwijden:v
inwijdt	inwijden:v
inwijdden	inwijden:v
inwijdend	inwijden:v
ingewijd	inwijden:v
beeldhouwers	beeldhouwer:n
beeldhouwertje	beeldhouwer:n
kunstzinniger	kunstzinnig:a
kunstzinnigst	kunstzinnig:a
kunstzinnige	kunstzinnig:a
kunstzinnigere	kunstzinnig:a
kunstzinnigste	kunstzinnig:a
volksbuurten	volksbuurt:n
volksbuurtje	volksbuurt:n
bekwaam	bekwamen:v
bekwaamde	bekwamen:v
bekwaamt	bekwamen:v|bekomen:v
bekwaamden	bekwamen:v
bekwamend	bekwamen:v
bekwaamd	bekwamen:v
bekwamen	bekomen:v
verwijt	verwijten:v
verweet	verwijten:v
verweten	verwijten:v
verwijtend	verwijten:v
vermager	vermageren:v
vermagerde	vermageren:v
vermagert	vermageren:v
vermagerden	vermageren:v
vermagerend	vermageren:v
vermagerd	vermageren:v
indringender	indringend:a
indringendst	indringend:a
indringende	indringend:a
indringendere	indringend:a
indringendste	indringend:a
verzamelaars	verzamelaar:n
verzamelaartje	verzamelaar:n
palmaressen	palmares:n
palmaresje	palmares:n
kontlikkers	kontlikker:n
kontlikkertje	kontlikker:n
ezelachtiger	ezelachtig:a
ezelachtigst	ezelachtig:a
ezelachtige	ezelachtig:a
ezelachtigere	ezelachtig:a
ezelachtigste	ezelachtig:a
kraakje	kraak:n
kruisvaarten	kruisvaart:n
kruisvaartje	kruisvaart:n
meugje	meug:n
meugske	meug:n
wauser	waus:a
waust	waus:a
wause	waus:a
wausere	waus:a
wauste	waus:a
waus	wau:n
bezemstelen	bezemsteel:n
bezemsteeltje	bezemsteel:n
zolderkamers	zolderkamer:n
zolderkamertje	zolderkamer:n
stofzuigerslangen	stofzuigerslang:n
stofzuigerslangetje	stofzuigerslang:n
tuinslangen	tuinslang:n
tuinslangetje	tuinslang:n
bundels	bundel:n
bundeltje	bundel:n
bundel	bundelen:v
zeepbellen	zeepbel:n
zeepbelletje	zeepbel:n
bakpoeders	bakpoeder:n
bakpoedertje	bakpoeder:n
tuinsproeiers	tuinsproeier:n
tuinsproeiertje	tuinsproeier:n
sproeiers	sproeier:n
sproeiertje	sproeier:n
pijpewisser	pijpenwisser:n
ontlok	ontlokken:v
ontlokte	ontlokken:v
ontlokt	ontlokken:v
ontlokten	ontlokken:v
ontlokkend	ontlokken:v
vrijbuiters	vrijbuiter:n
vrijbuitertje	vrijbuiter:n
vechtersbazen	vechtersbaas:n
vechtersbaasje	vechtersbaas:n
achterliggende	achterliggend:a
onderliggende	onderliggend:a
uitdraag	uitdragen:v
uitdroeg	uitdragen:v
uitdraagt	uitdragen:v
uitdroegen	uitdragen:v
uitdragend	uitdragen:v
uitgedragen	uitdragen:v
aansla	aanslaan:v
aansloeg	aanslaan:v
aanslaat	aanslaan:v
aansloegen	aanslaan:v
aanslaand	aanslaan:v
plavei	plaveien:v
plaveide	plaveien:v
plaveit	plaveien:v
plaveiden	plaveien:v
plaveiend	plaveien:v
geplaveid	plaveien:v
burgerlijker	burgerlijk:a
burgerlijkst	burgerlijk:a
burgerlijke	burgerlijk:a
burgerlijkere	burgerlijk:a
burgerlijkste	burgerlijk:a
welwillender	welwillend:a
welwillendst	welwillend:a
welwillende	welwillend:a
welwillendere	welwillend:a
welwillendste	welwillend:a
hypotenusa's	hypotenusa:n
hypotenusaatje	hypotenusa:n
gemoedelijker	gemoedelijk:a
gemoedelijkst	gemoedelijk:a
gemoedelijke	gemoedelijk:a
gemoedelijkere	gemoedelijk:a
gemoedelijkste	gemoedelijk:a
gescheld	schellen:v
verjaag	verjagen:v
verjoeg	verjagen:v
verjaagt	verjagen:v
verjoegen	verjagen:v
verjagend	verjagen:v
verjaagd	verjagen:v
verjaagde	verjagen:v
verjaagden	verjagen:v
barbaarser	barbaars:a
barbaarst	barbaars:a
barbaarse	barbaars:a
barbaarsere	barbaars:a
barbaarste	barbaars:a
stijlvoller	stijlvol:a
stijlvolst	stijlvol:a
stijlvolle	stijlvol:a
stijlvollere	stijlvol:a
stijlvolste	stijlvol:a
voorinschrijvingen	voorinschrijving:n
voorinschrijvinkje	voorinschrijving:n
aanmoedigingen	aanmoediging:n
aanmoediginkje	aanmoediging:n
ogenschijnlijke	ogenschijnlijk:a
bezetenen	bezetene:n
overgaves	overgave:n
oerkreten	oerkreet:n
oerkreetje	oerkreet:n
oerbronnen	oerbron:n
oerbronnetje	oerbron:n
Australiërs	Australiër:n
Australiërtje	Australiër:n
Australischer	Australisch:a
Australischt	Australisch:a
Australische	Australisch:a
Australischere	Australisch:a
Australischte	Australisch:a
schroefje	schroef:n
kachels	kachel:n
kacheltje	kachel:n
lijsters	lijster:n
lijstertje	lijster:n
puzzels	puzzel:n
puzzeltje	puzzel:n
puzzel	puzzelen:v
pandoeren	pandoer:n
pandoertje	pandoer:n
pandoer	pandoeren:v
pandoeringen	pandoering:n
pandoerinkje	pandoering:n
kiezers	kiezer:n
kiezertje	kiezer:n
ouderwetser	ouderwets:a
ouderwetst	ouderwets:a
ouderwetse	ouderwets:a
ouderwetsere	ouderwets:a
ouderwetste	ouderwets:a
voogden	voogd:n
voogdje	voogd:n
listiger	listig:a
listigst	listig:a
listige	listig:a
listigere	listig:a
listigste	listig:a
ceremoniën	ceremonie:n
ceremonieën	ceremonie:n
ceremonietje	ceremonie:n
koopjes	koopje:n
gvd	gvd'en:v|godverdomme:i
gvd'de	gvd'en:v
gvd't	gvd'en:v
gvd'den	gvd'en:v
gvd'end	gvd'en:v
ge-gvd'd	gvd'en:v
vloekte	vloeken:v
vloekt	vloeken:v
vloekten	vloeken:v
vloekend	vloeken:v
gevloekt	vloeken:v
boezems	boezem:n
boezempje	boezem:n
snijbieten	snijbiet:n
snijbietje	snijbiet:n
cysten	cyste:n
cystes	cyste:n
cystetje	cyste:n
cystje	cyste:n
galblazen	galblaas:n
galblaasje	galblaas:n
scheenbenen	scheenbeen:n
scheenbeentje	scheenbeen:n
evacuaties	evacuatie:n
scherme	schermen:v
krankzinnigheden	krankzinnigheid:n
stofwisselingen	stofwisseling:n
parels	parel:n
parelen	parel:n
pareltje	parel:n
scheermessen	scheermes:n
scheermesje	scheermes:n
excentriekelingen	excentriekeling:n
excentriekelingetje	excentriekeling:n
filmregisseurs	filmregisseur:n
filmregisseurtje	filmregisseur:n
filmproducenten	filmproducent:n
filmproducentje	filmproducent:n
luchtvaartgekken	luchtvaartgek:n
luchtvaartgekje	luchtvaartgek:n
maffer	maf:a
mafst	maf:a
maffe	maf:a|maffen:v
maffere	maf:a
mafste	maf:a
maf	maffen:v
boorkoppen	boorkop:n
boorkopje	boorkop:n
zetmelen	zetmeel:n
stijfsels	stijfsel:n
stijfseltje	stijfsel:n
pneumonieën	pneumonie:n
pneumonietje	pneumonie:n
trollen	trol:n
trolletje	trol:n
marktwaarden	marktwaarde:n
marktwaardes	marktwaarde:n
marktwaardetje	marktwaarde:n
cobralelies	cobralelie:n
cobralelietje	cobralelie:n
hautainer	hautain:a
hautainst	hautain:a
hautaine	hautain:a
hautainere	hautain:a
hautainste	hautain:a
internationaler	internationaal:a
internationaalst	internationaal:a
internationalere	internationaal:a
internationaalste	internationaal:a
internationalen	internationaal:n
internationaaltje	internationaal:n
wetenschappelijker	wetenschappelijk:a
wetenschappelijkst	wetenschappelijk:a
wetenschappelijke	wetenschappelijk:a
wetenschappelijkere	wetenschappelijk:a
wetenschappelijkste	wetenschappelijk:a
lelies	lelie:n
leliën	lelie:n
lelietje	lelie:n
kuikens	kuiken:n
kuikentje	kuiken:n
uilskuikens	uilskuiken:n
uilskuikentje	uilskuiken:n
zweepte	zwepen:v
zweept	zwepen:v
zweepten	zwepen:v
zwepend	zwepen:v
gezweept	zwepen:v
piemels	piemel:n
piemeltje	piemel:n
piemelnaakte	piemelnaakt:a
potloodventers	potloodventer:n
potloodventertje	potloodventer:n
lulde	lullen:v
lult	lullen:v
lulden	lullen:v
lullend	lullen:v
geluld	lullen:v
inhaal	inhalen:v
inhaalde	inhalen:v
inhaalt	inhalen:v
inhaalden	inhalen:v
inhalend	inhalen:v
ingehaald	inhalen:v
afzonderlijke	afzonderlijk:a
verzekeraars	verzekeraar:n
verzekeraartje	verzekeraar:n
gloeidraden	gloeidraad:n
gloeidraadje	gloeidraad:n
uitstraal	uitstralen:v
uitstraalde	uitstralen:v
uitstraalt	uitstralen:v
uitstraalden	uitstralen:v
uitstralend	uitstralen:v
uitgestraald	uitstralen:v
demonstreer	demonstreren:v
demonstreerde	demonstreren:v
demonstreert	demonstreren:v
demonstreerden	demonstreren:v
demonstrerend	demonstreren:v
gedemonstreerd	demonstreren:v
gezetter	gezet:a
gezetst	gezet:a
gezette	gezet:a
gezettere	gezet:a
gezetste	gezet:a
Laotianen	Laotiaan:n
Laotiaantje	Laotiaan:n
dwalingen	dwaling:n
dwalinkje	dwaling:n
bloederiger	bloederig:a
bloederigst	bloederig:a
bloederige	bloederig:a
bloederigere	bloederig:a
bloederigste	bloederig:a
bekakter	bekakt:a
bekaktst	bekakt:a
bekakte	bekakt:a|bekakken:v
bekaktere	bekakt:a
bekaktste	bekakt:a
bekakt	bekakken:v
kakte	kakken:v
kakt	kakken:v
kakten	kakken:v
kakkend	kakken:v
gekakt	kakken:v
hardetje	harde:n
pilaren	pilaar:n
schijtluizen	schijtluis:n
schijtluisje	schijtluis:n
geelachtiger	geelachtig:a
geelachtigst	geelachtig:a
geelachtige	geelachtig:a
geelachtigere	geelachtig:a
geelachtigste	geelachtig:a
infrarode	infrarood:a
weergaves	weergave:n
naboots	nabootsen:v
nabootste	nabootsen:v
nabootst	nabootsen:v
nabootsten	nabootsen:v
nabootsend	nabootsen:v
nagebootst	nabootsen:v
betwist	betwisten:v
betwistte	betwisten:v
betwistten	betwisten:v
betwistend	betwisten:v
kunstvezels	kunstvezel:n
kunstvezeltje	kunstvezel:n
elektronenbuizen	elektronenbuis:n
elektronenbuisje	elektronenbuis:n
fabriceer	fabriceren:v
fabriceerde	fabriceren:v
fabriceert	fabriceren:v
fabriceerden	fabriceren:v
fabricerend	fabriceren:v
gefabriceerd	fabriceren:v
compromissen	compromis:n
compromistje	compromis:n
compromisje	compromis:n
spaarlampen	spaarlamp:n
spaarlampje	spaarlamp:n
tl-buizen	tl-buis:n
tl-buisje	tl-buis:n
verbruik	verbruiken:v
maatregelen	maatregel:n
maatregels	maatregel:n
maatregeltje	maatregel:n
aanga	aangaan:v
aanging	aangaan:v
aangaat	aangaan:v
aangingen	aangaan:v
aangaand	aangaan:v
aangegaan	aangaan:v
aanschaffen	aanschaf:n
nietsnutten	nietsnut:n
nietsnutje	nietsnut:n
goeiedag	goedendag:i
kafferlelies	kafferlelie:n
kafferlelietje	kafferlelie:n
bilspleten	bilspleet:n
bilspleetje	bilspleet:n
Amsterdamser	Amsterdams:a
Amsterdamst	Amsterdams:a
Amsterdamse	Amsterdams:a|Amsterdammer:n
Amsterdamsere	Amsterdams:a
Amsterdamste	Amsterdams:a
verbodje	verbod:n
lichtknopje	lichtknop:n
spullen	spul:n
spulletje	spul:n
schoensmeren	schoensmeer:n
schoensmeertje	schoensmeer:n
smeren	smeer:n
smeertje	smeer:n
smeer	smeren:v
smeerde	smeren:v
smeert	smeren:v
smeerden	smeren:v
smerend	smeren:v
gesmeerd	smeren:v
vormelozer	vormeloos:a
vormeloost	vormeloos:a
vormeloze	vormeloos:a
vormelozere	vormeloos:a
vormelooste	vormeloos:a
hielenlikkers	hielenlikker:n
hielenlikkertje	hielenlikker:n
likkers	likker:n
likkertje	likker:n
tuchtscholen	tuchtschool:n
tuchtschooltje	tuchtschool:n
eschatologieën	eschatologie:n
kosmogonieën	kosmogonie:n
bleekgezichten	bleekgezicht:n
bleekgezichtje	bleekgezicht:n
bioscoopjes	bioscoopje:n
piert	pieren:v
pierend	pieren:v
gepierd	pieren:v
runden	runnen:v
benauw	benauwen:v
benauwde	benauwen:v|benauwd:a
benauwt	benauwen:v
benauwden	benauwen:v
benauwend	benauwen:v
benauwd	benauwen:v
geheimzinniger	geheimzinnig:a
geheimzinnigst	geheimzinnig:a
geheimzinnige	geheimzinnig:a
geheimzinnigere	geheimzinnig:a
geheimzinnigste	geheimzinnig:a
drukkender	drukkend:a
drukkendst	drukkend:a
drukkende	drukkend:a
drukkendere	drukkend:a
drukkendste	drukkend:a
expressionistischer	expressionistisch:a
expressionistischt	expressionistisch:a
expressionistische	expressionistisch:a
expressionistischere	expressionistisch:a
expressionistischte	expressionistisch:a
kubistische	kubistisch:a
constructivistischer	constructivistisch:a
constructivistischt	constructivistisch:a
constructivistische	constructivistisch:a
constructivistischere	constructivistisch:a
constructivistischte	constructivistisch:a
figuratieve	figuratief:a
verloochen	verloochenen:v
verloochende	verloochenen:v
verloochent	verloochenen:v
verloochenden	verloochenen:v
verloochenend	verloochenen:v
verloochend	verloochenen:v
vereeuwig	vereeuwigen:v
vereeuwigde	vereeuwigen:v
vereeuwigt	vereeuwigen:v
vereeuwigden	vereeuwigen:v
vereeuwigend	vereeuwigen:v
vereeuwigd	vereeuwigen:v
hogescholen	hogeschool:n
hogeschooltje	hogeschool:n
meubelstoffeerderijen	meubelstoffeerderij:n
meubelstoffeerderijtje	meubelstoffeerderij:n
neerwaartse	neerwaarts:a
strafstudies	strafstudie:n
strafstudietje	strafstudie:n
trekzakken	trekzak:n
trekzakje	trekzak:n
loodste	loodsen:v
loodst	loodsen:v
loodsten	loodsen:v
loodsend	loodsen:v
geloodst	loodsen:v
compromitteer	compromitteren:v
compromitteerde	compromitteren:v
compromitteert	compromitteren:v
compromitteerden	compromitteren:v
compromitterend	compromitteren:v
gecompromitteerd	compromitteren:v
pensioenfondsen	pensioenfonds:n
pensioenfondsje	pensioenfonds:n
ontwijk	ontwijken:v
ontweek	ontwijken:v
ontwijkt	ontwijken:v
ontweken	ontwijken:v
ontwijkend	ontwijken:v
schuur	schuren:v
schuurde	schuren:v
schuurt	schuren:v
schuurden	schuren:v
schurend	schuren:v
geschuurd	schuren:v
schuren	schuur:n
schuurtje	schuur:n
gestrengheden	gestrengheid:n
gestrengheidje	gestrengheid:n
rijziger	rijzig:a
rijzigst	rijzig:a
rijzige	rijzig:a
rijzigere	rijzig:a
rijzigste	rijzig:a
huisarresten	huisarrest:n
huisarrestje	huisarrest:n
kamerarresten	kamerarrest:n
kamerarrestje	kamerarrest:n
medeplichtigen	medeplichtige:n
datieven	datief:n
datiefje	datief:n
ablatieven	ablatief:n
ablatiefje	ablatief:n
vocatieven	vocatief:n
vocatiefje	vocatief:n
mitaines	mitaine:n
dankbaarder	dankbaar:a
dankbaarst	dankbaar:a
dankbare	dankbaar:a
dankbaardere	dankbaar:a
dankbaarste	dankbaar:a
tussenletters	tussenletter:n
tussenlettertje	tussenletter:n
beginletters	beginletter:n
beginlettertje	beginletter:n
letteren	letter:n
voorletters	voorletter:n
voorlettertje	voorletter:n
gelaatje	gelaat:n
tweeluiken	tweeluik:n
tweeluikje	tweeluik:n
traditioneler	traditioneel:a
traditioneelst	traditioneel:a
traditionele	traditioneel:a
traditionelere	traditioneel:a
traditioneelste	traditioneel:a
biljarten	biljart:n
biljarts	biljart:n
biljartje	biljart:n
opsommingen	opsomming:n
opsomminkje	opsomming:n
heupen	heup:n
heupje	heup:n
benedenwaartse	benedenwaarts:a
nadrukkelijker	nadrukkelijk:a
nadrukkelijkst	nadrukkelijk:a
nadrukkelijke	nadrukkelijk:a
nadrukkelijkere	nadrukkelijk:a
nadrukkelijkste	nadrukkelijk:a
wederzijdse	wederzijds:a
samenwerkende	samenwerkend:a
samenwerkend	samenwerken:v
voorbehou	voorbehouden:v
voorbehoud	voorbehouden:v
voorbehield	voorbehouden:v
voorbehoudt	voorbehouden:v
voorbehielden	voorbehouden:v
voorbehoudend	voorbehouden:v
letsels	letsel:n
letseltje	letsel:n
verwurgingen	verwurging:n
verwezenlijk	verwezenlijken:v
verwezenlijkte	verwezenlijken:v
verwezenlijkt	verwezenlijken:v
verwezenlijkten	verwezenlijken:v
verwezenlijkend	verwezenlijken:v
zijkanten	zijkant:n
zijkantje	zijkant:n
ongeachte	ongeacht:a
overeenkomstiger	overeenkomstig:a
overeenkomstigst	overeenkomstig:a
overeenkomstige	overeenkomstig:a
overeenkomstigere	overeenkomstig:a
overeenkomstigste	overeenkomstig:a
onwaarschijnlijker	onwaarschijnlijk:a
onwaarschijnlijkst	onwaarschijnlijk:a
onwaarschijnlijke	onwaarschijnlijk:a
onwaarschijnlijkere	onwaarschijnlijk:a
onwaarschijnlijkste	onwaarschijnlijk:a
nakender	nakend:a
nakendst	nakend:a
nakende	nakend:a
nakendere	nakend:a
nakendste	nakend:a
pioniers	pionier:n
pioniertje	pionier:n
politicologen	politicoloog:n
politicoloogje	politicoloog:n
weldoeners	weldoener:n
weldoenertje	weldoener:n
weldoensters	weldoenster:n
weldoenstertje	weldoenster:n
inhuldig	inhuldigen:v
inhuldigde	inhuldigen:v
inhuldigt	inhuldigen:v
inhuldigden	inhuldigen:v
inhuldigend	inhuldigen:v
ingehuldigd	inhuldigen:v
transitieve	transitief:a
paaldansers	paaldanser:n
paaldansertje	paaldanser:n
parelhoenders	parelhoen:n
parelhoentje	parelhoen:n
ontbloot	ontbloten:v
ontblootte	ontbloten:v
ontblootten	ontbloten:v
ontblotend	ontbloten:v
pladijzen	pladijs:n
pladijsje	pladijs:n
aartspriesters	aartspriester:n
aartspriesteren	aartspriester:n
aartspriestertje	aartspriester:n
doerakken	doerak:n
doerakje	doerak:n
koetsen	koets:n
koetsje	koets:n
geblindeerde	geblindeerd:a
geloofsbelijdenissen	geloofsbelijdenis:n
geloofsbelijdenisje	geloofsbelijdenis:n
onomstotelijke	onomstotelijk:a
rampzaliger	rampzalig:a
rampzaligst	rampzalig:a
rampzalige	rampzalig:a
rampzaligere	rampzalig:a
rampzaligste	rampzalig:a
verduur	verduren:v
verduurde	verduren:v
verduurt	verduren:v
verduurden	verduren:v
verdurend	verduren:v
verduurd	verduren:v
rookmelders	rookmelder:n
rookmeldertje	rookmelder:n
dwarsliggender	dwarsliggend:a
dwarsliggendst	dwarsliggend:a
dwarsliggende	dwarsliggend:a
dwarsliggendere	dwarsliggend:a
dwarsliggendste	dwarsliggend:a
trawanten	trawant:n
trawantje	trawant:n
verwijderingen	verwijdering:n
ambteloze	ambteloos:a
landhuizen	landhuis:n
landhuisje	landhuis:n
voorbereid	voorbereiden:v
voorbereidde	voorbereiden:v
voorbereidt	voorbereiden:v
voorbereidden	voorbereiden:v
voorbereidend	voorbereiden:v
kaken	kaak:n
kaakje	kaak:n
kaak	kaken:v
afpak	afpakken:v
afpakte	afpakken:v
afpakt	afpakken:v
afpakten	afpakken:v
afpakkend	afpakken:v
afgepakt	afpakken:v
ombreng	ombrengen:v
ombracht	ombrengen:v
ombrengt	ombrengen:v
ombrachten	ombrengen:v
ombrengend	ombrengen:v
omgebracht	ombrengen:v
overweldig	overweldigen:v
overweldigde	overweldigen:v
overweldigt	overweldigen:v
overweldigden	overweldigen:v
overweldigend	overweldigen:v
overweldigd	overweldigen:v
freules	freule:n
freuletje	freule:n
toenaderingen	toenadering:n
toenaderingetje	toenadering:n
deugdzamer	deugdzaam:a
deugdzaamst	deugdzaam:a
deugdzame	deugdzaam:a
deugdzamere	deugdzaam:a
deugdzaamste	deugdzaam:a
traagheden	traagheid:n
verregaande	verregaand:a
slapheden	slapheid:n
geduchter	geducht:a
geduchtst	geducht:a
geduchte	geducht:a
geduchtere	geducht:a
geduchtste	geducht:a
geducht	duchten:v
benauwder	benauwd:a
benauwdst	benauwd:a
benauwdere	benauwd:a
benauwdste	benauwd:a
schroom	schromen:v
schroomde	schromen:v
schroomt	schromen:v
schroomden	schromen:v
schromend	schromen:v
geschroomd	schromen:v
pleidooien	pleidooi:n
pleidooitje	pleidooi:n
verwerpelijker	verwerpelijk:a
verwerpelijkst	verwerpelijk:a
verwerpelijke	verwerpelijk:a
verwerpelijkere	verwerpelijk:a
verwerpelijkste	verwerpelijk:a
uittreksels	uittreksel:n
uittrekseltje	uittreksel:n
romanschrijvers	romanschrijver:n
romanschrijvertje	romanschrijver:n
typerend	typeren:v
typerender	typerend:a
typerendst	typerend:a
typerende	typerend:a
typerendere	typerend:a
typerendste	typerend:a
aartsengelen	aartsengel:n
aartsengels	aartsengel:n
aartsengeltje	aartsengel:n
kruiste	kruisen:v
kruist	kruisen:v
kruisten	kruisen:v
kruisend	kruisen:v
gekruist	kruisen:v
beaam	beamen:v
beaamde	beamen:v
beaamt	beamen:v
beaamden	beamen:v
beamend	beamen:v|beamenen:v
beaamd	beamen:v
beam	beamen:v
beamde	beamen:v
beamt	beamen:v
beamden	beamen:v
gebeamd	beamen:v
beamen	beamenen:v
Iliade	Ilias:m
hemen	heem:n
heempje	heem:n
ongewoner	ongewoon:a
ongewoonst	ongewoon:a
ongewone	ongewoon:a
ongewonere	ongewoon:a
ongewoonste	ongewoon:a
opvliegender	opvliegend:a
opvliegendst	opvliegend:a
opvliegende	opvliegend:a
opvliegendere	opvliegend:a
opvliegendste	opvliegend:a
bevoorrecht	bevoorrechten:v
bevoorrechtte	bevoorrechten:v
bevoorrechtten	bevoorrechten:v
bevoorrechtend	bevoorrechten:v
landgoederen	landgoed:n
landgoedje	landgoed:n
schuldgevoelens	schuldgevoel:n
schuldgevoeltje	schuldgevoel:n
norser	nors:a
norst	nors:a
norse	nors:a
norsere	nors:a
norste	nors:a
achterdochtiger	achterdochtig:a
achterdochtigst	achterdochtig:a
achterdochtige	achterdochtig:a
achterdochtigere	achterdochtig:a
achterdochtigste	achterdochtig:a
heetgebakerder	heetgebakerd:a
heetgebakerdst	heetgebakerd:a
heetgebakerde	heetgebakerd:a
heetgebakerdere	heetgebakerd:a
heetgebakerdste	heetgebakerd:a
oogst	oogsten:v
oogstte	oogsten:v
oogstten	oogsten:v
oogstend	oogsten:v
geoogst	oogsten:v
oogsten	oogst:n
dubbelgangers	dubbelganger:n
dubbelgangertje	dubbelganger:n
afschaffingen	afschaffing:n
afschaffinkje	afschaffing:n
arresteer	arresteren:v
arresteerde	arresteren:v
arresteert	arresteren:v
arresteerden	arresteren:v
arresterend	arresteren:v
gearresteerd	arresteren:v
stellingnames	stellingname:n
verzoen	verzoenen:v
verzoende	verzoenen:v
verzoent	verzoenen:v
verzoenden	verzoenen:v
verzoenend	verzoenen:v
verzoend	verzoenen:v
redacteurs	redacteur:n
redacteuren	redacteur:n
redacteurtje	redacteur:n
hooghartiger	hooghartig:a
hooghartigst	hooghartig:a
hooghartige	hooghartig:a
hooghartigere	hooghartig:a
hooghartigste	hooghartig:a
alleraardigste	alleraardigst:a
ongelukkiger	ongelukkig:a
ongelukkigst	ongelukkig:a
ongelukkige	ongelukkig:a
ongelukkigere	ongelukkig:a
ongelukkigste	ongelukkig:a
tevergeefse	tevergeefs:a
speculanten	speculant:n
speculantje	speculant:n
krachtdaden	krachtdaad:n
krachtdaadje	krachtdaad:n
veeleisender	veeleisend:a
veeleisendst	veeleisend:a
veeleisende	veeleisend:a
veeleisendere	veeleisend:a
veeleisendste	veeleisend:a
jeugdiger	jeugdig:a
jeugdigst	jeugdig:a
jeugdige	jeugdig:a
jeugdigere	jeugdig:a
jeugdigste	jeugdig:a
voorspoeden	voorspoed:n
voorspoedje	voorspoed:n
zachtmoediger	zachtmoedig:a
zachtmoedigst	zachtmoedig:a
zachtmoedige	zachtmoedig:a
zachtmoedigere	zachtmoedig:a
zachtmoedigste	zachtmoedig:a
onenigheden	onenigheid:n
onenigheidje	onenigheid:n
ongeluksbrengers	ongeluksbrenger:n
ongeluksbrengertje	ongeluksbrenger:n
brengers	brenger:n
brengertje	brenger:n
kruidiger	kruidig:a
kruidigst	kruidig:a
kruidige	kruidig:a
kruidigere	kruidig:a
kruidigste	kruidig:a
geuriger	geurig:a
geurigst	geurig:a
geurige	geurig:a
geurigere	geurig:a
geurigste	geurig:a
slagtanden	slagtand:n
slagtandje	slagtand:n
stronten	stront:n
strontje	stront:n
bekogel	bekogelen:v
bekogelde	bekogelen:v
bekogelt	bekogelen:v
bekogelden	bekogelen:v
bekogelend	bekogelen:v
bekogeld	bekogelen:v
kanonskogels	kanonskogel:n
kanonskogeltje	kanonskogel:n
gierigaards	gierigaard:n
gierigaardje	gierigaard:n
halfgoden	halfgod:n
halfgodje	halfgod:n
doelmannen	doelman:n
doelmannetje	doelman:n
wachters	wachter:n
wachtertje	wachter:n
doelwachters	doelwachter:n
monsterflessen	monsterfles:n
monsterflesje	monsterfles:n
verschiet	verschieten:v
verschoot	verschieten:v
verschoten	verschieten:v
verschietend	verschieten:v
achterbakser	achterbaks:a
achterbakst	achterbaks:a
achterbakse	achterbaks:a
achterbaksere	achterbaks:a
achterbakste	achterbaks:a
achterlijker	achterlijk:a
achterlijkst	achterlijk:a
achterlijke	achterlijk:a
achterlijkere	achterlijk:a
achterlijkste	achterlijk:a
achterlijken	achterlijk:n|achterlijke:n
achterlijkje	achterlijk:n
bedeesder	bedeesd:a
bedeesdst	bedeesd:a
bedeesde	bedeesd:a
bedeesdere	bedeesd:a
bedeesdste	bedeesd:a
bodemprijzen	bodemprijs:n
bodemprijsje	bodemprijs:n
voorbijgekabbelde	voorbijgekabbeld:a
charmeurs	charmeur:n
duelleer	duelleren:v
duelleerde	duelleren:v
duelleert	duelleren:v
duelleerden	duelleren:v
duellerend	duelleren:v
geduelleerd	duelleren:v
renners	renner:n
rennertje	renner:n
manschapje	manschap:n
eclectische	eclectisch:a
eclectischer	eclectisch:a
eclectischt	eclectisch:a
eclectischere	eclectisch:a
eclectischte	eclectisch:a
paraconsistente	paraconsistent:a
beniger	benig:a
benigst	benig:a
benige	benig:a
benigere	benig:a
benigste	benig:a
spaarvarkens	spaarvarken:n
spaarvarkentje	spaarvarken:n
doffers	doffer:n
doffertje	doffer:n
doffer	dof:a
bergketens	bergketen:n
bergketentje	bergketen:n
gebergten	gebergte:n
gebergtes	gebergte:n
langgerekter	langgerekt:a
langgerektst	langgerekt:a
langgerekte	langgerekt:a
langgerektere	langgerekt:a
langgerektste	langgerekt:a
rekte	rekken:v
rekt	rekken:v
rekten	rekken:v
rekkend	rekken:v
gerekt	rekken:v
portiers	portier:n
portieren	portier:n
portiertje	portier:n
dwergstaten	dwergstaat:n
dwergstaatje	dwergstaat:n
geneses	genese:n
genesen	genese:n
begeleidingen	begeleiding:n
territoria	territorium:n
territoriums	territorium:n
ruigpootuilen	ruigpootuil:n
ruigpootuiltje	ruigpootuil:n
ezelsveulens	ezelsveulen:n
ezelsveulentje	ezelsveulen:n
veulens	veulen:n
veulentje	veulen:n
hengstveulens	hengstveulen:n
hengstveulentje	hengstveulen:n
zoomde	zomen:v|zoomen:v
zoomt	zomen:v|zoomen:v
zoomden	zomen:v|zoomen:v
zomend	zomen:v
gezoomd	zomen:v|zoomen:v
haaksnavels	haaksnavel:n
haaksnaveltje	haaksnavel:n
bevederde	bevederd:a
klauw	klauwen:v
klauwde	klauwen:v
klauwt	klauwen:v
klauwden	klauwen:v
klauwend	klauwen:v
geklauwd	klauwen:v
gevederten	gevederte:n
onmiskenbaarder	onmiskenbaar:a
onmiskenbaarst	onmiskenbaar:a
onmiskenbare	onmiskenbaar:a
onmiskenbaardere	onmiskenbaar:a
onmiskenbaarste	onmiskenbaar:a
opeenvolgende	opeenvolgend:a
bosuilen	bosuil:n
bosuiltje	bosuil:n
varieer	variëren:v
varieerde	variëren:v
varieert	variëren:v
varieerden	variëren:v
variërend	variëren:v
gevarieerd	variëren:v
holten	holte:n
holtes	holte:n
holtetje	holte:n
broedseizoenen	broedseizoen:n
broedseizoentje	broedseizoen:n
broed	broeden:v
broedde	broeden:v
broedt	broeden:v
broedden	broeden:v
broedend	broeden:v
gebroed	broeden:v
dophei	dopheide:n
aanplantingen	aanplanting:n
aanplantinkje	aanplanting:n
plantsoenen	plantsoen:n
plantsoentje	plantsoen:n
trekvogels	trekvogel:n
trekvogeltje	trekvogel:n
diëten	dieet:n
dieetje	dieet:n
gewerveld	wervelen:v
ongewervelde	ongewerveld:a
geruislozer	geruisloos:a
geruisloost	geruisloos:a
geruisloze	geruisloos:a
geruislozere	geruisloos:a
geruislooste	geruisloos:a
naaldbomen	naaldboom:n
naaldboompje	naaldboom:n
leerlooi	leerlooien:v
leerlooide	leerlooien:v
leerlooit	leerlooien:v
leerlooiden	leerlooien:v
leerlooiend	leerlooien:v
geleerlooid	leerlooien:v
oppoets	oppoetsen:v
oppoetste	oppoetsen:v
oppoetst	oppoetsen:v
oppoetsten	oppoetsen:v
oppoetsend	oppoetsen:v
opgepoetst	oppoetsen:v
onderbreek	onderbreken:v
onderbrak	onderbreken:v
onderbreekt	onderbreken:v
onderbraken	onderbreken:v
onderbrekend	onderbreken:v
onderbroken	onderbreken:v
opensper	opensperren:v
opensperde	opensperren:v
openspert	opensperren:v
opensperden	opensperren:v
opensperrend	opensperren:v
opengesperd	opensperren:v
nestel	nestelen:v
nestelde	nestelen:v
nestelt	nestelen:v
nestelden	nestelen:v
nestelend	nestelen:v
genesteld	nestelen:v
verzorgder	verzorgd:a
verzorgdst	verzorgd:a
verzorgdere	verzorgd:a
verzorgdste	verzorgd:a
monofyletische	monofyletisch:a
polyfyletische	polyfyletisch:n
parafyletische	parafyletisch:a
tover	toveren:v
toverde	toveren:v
tovert	toveren:v
toverden	toveren:v
toverend	toveren:v
getoverd	toveren:v
ganzeriken	ganzerik:n
ganzerikje	ganzerik:n
fonologen	fonoloog:n
fonoloogje	fonoloog:n
schrijfmachines	schrijfmachine:n
schrijfmachientje	schrijfmachine:n
schrijfmachinetje	schrijfmachine:n
apparaten	apparaat:n
apparaatje	apparaat:n
toetsen	toets:n
toetsje	toets:n
toets	toetsen:v
toetste	toetsen:v
toetst	toetsen:v
toetsten	toetsen:v
toetsend	toetsen:v
getoetst	toetsen:v
tekstverwerkers	tekstverwerker:n
tekstverwerkertje	tekstverwerker:n
Groningser	Gronings:a
Groningst	Gronings:a
Groningse	Gronings:a
Groningsere	Gronings:a
Groningste	Gronings:a
opmaak	opmaken:v
opmaakte	opmaken:v
opmaakt	opmaken:v
opmaakten	opmaken:v
opmakend	opmaken:v
opgemaakt	opmaken:v
schrifttekens	schriftteken:n
schrifttekentje	schriftteken:n
aandoe	aandoen:v
aandeed	aandoen:v
aandoet	aandoen:v
aandeden	aandoen:v
aandoend	aandoen:v
perlemoer	parelmoer:n
paarlemoer	parelmoer:n
weekdieren	weekdier:n
weekdiertje	weekdier:n
zeekatten	zeekat:n
zeekatje	zeekat:n
zendingen	zending:n
zendinkje	zending:n
collegezalen	collegezaal:n
collegezaaltje	collegezaal:n
Bolivianen	Boliviaan:n
Boliviaantje	Boliviaan:n
standplaatsen	standplaats:n
standplaatsje	standplaats:n
onderduikers	onderduiker:n
onderduikertje	onderduiker:n
uitzie	uitzien:v
uitzag	uitzien:v
uitziet	uitzien:v
uitzagen	uitzien:v
uitziend	uitzien:v
uitgezien	uitzien:v
lettertypen	lettertype:n
lettertypes	lettertype:n
verbruikte	verbruiken:v
verbruikt	verbruiken:v
verbruikten	verbruiken:v
verbruikend	verbruiken:v
boekhoudingen	boekhouding:n
boekhoudinkje	boekhouding:n
slijtages	slijtage:n
hendels	hendel:n
hendeltje	hendel:n
afbreektekens	afbreekteken:n
afbreektekentje	afbreekteken:n
kantlijnen	kantlijn:n
kantlijntje	kantlijn:n
geheug	geheugen:v
geheugde	geheugen:v
geheugt	geheugen:v
geheugden	geheugen:v
geheugend	geheugen:v
geheugd	geheugen:v|heugen:v
geheugens	geheugen:n
geheugentje	geheugen:n
monniksgieren	monniksgier:n
monniksgiertje	monniksgier:n
aerobe	aeroob:a
strategen	strateeg:n
strateegje	strateeg:n
tactieken	tactiek:n
tactiekje	tactiek:n
obscener	obsceen:a
afwikkel	afwikkelen:v
afwikkelde	afwikkelen:v
afwikkelt	afwikkelen:v
afwikkelden	afwikkelen:v
afwikkelend	afwikkelen:v
afgewikkeld	afwikkelen:v
afwikkelingen	afwikkeling:n
verkeersafwikkelingen	verkeersafwikkeling:n
ultramarijner	ultramarijn:a
ultramarijnst	ultramarijn:a
ultramarijne	ultramarijn:a
ultramarijnere	ultramarijn:a
ultramarijnste	ultramarijn:a
zijdevlinders	zijdevlinder:n
zijdevlindertje	zijdevlinder:n
hure	huren:v
Europeser	Europees:a
Europeest	Europees:a
Europese	Europees:a
Europesere	Europees:a
Europeeste	Europees:a
Europezen	Europees:n
Europeesje	Europees:n
bemanningsleden	bemanningslid:n
bemanningslidje	bemanningslid:n
feiltje	feil:n
motorfietsen	motorfiets:n
motorfietsje	motorfiets:n
benijd	benijden:v
benijdde	benijden:v
benijdt	benijden:v
benijdden	benijden:v
benijdend	benijden:v
beneed	benijden:v
analyseer	analyseren:v
analyseerde	analyseren:v
analyseert	analyseren:v
analyseerden	analyseren:v
analyserend	analyseren:v
geanalyseerd	analyseren:v
analisten	analist:n
analistje	analist:n
nederigheden	nederigheid:n
hoofddoeken	hoofddoek:n
hoofddoekje	hoofddoek:n
regenboogvliezen	regenboogvlies:n
regenboogvliesje	regenboogvlies:n
potiger	potig:a
potigst	potig:a
potige	potig:a
potigere	potig:a
potigste	potig:a
alikruiken	alikruik:n
alikruikje	alikruik:n
rozijnen	rozijn:n
rozijntje	rozijn:n
ontroerender	ontroerend:a
ontroerendst	ontroerend:a
ontroerende	ontroerend:a
ontroerendere	ontroerend:a
ontroerendste	ontroerend:a
ontroerend	ontroeren:v
valleien	vallei:n
valleitje	vallei:n
vla's	vla:n
vlaatje	vla:n
termieten	termiet:n
termietje	termiet:n
kameleons	kameleon:n
kameleonnetje	kameleon:n
grotschilderingen	grotschildering:n
grotschilderingetje	grotschildering:n
schilderingen	schildering:n
schilderingetje	schildering:n
muurschilderingen	muurschildering:n
muurschilderingetje	muurschildering:n
toegangspoorten	toegangspoort:n
toegangspoortje	toegangspoort:n
spaarzaamer	spaarzaam:a
spaarzaamst	spaarzaam:a
spaarzamer	spaarzaam:a
spaarzame	spaarzaam:a
spaarzamere	spaarzaam:a
spaarzaamste	spaarzaam:a
importeer	importeren:v
importeerde	importeren:v
importeert	importeren:v
importeerden	importeren:v
importerend	importeren:v
geïmporteerd	importeren:v
onderschilderingen	onderschildering:n
onderschilderingetje	onderschildering:n
briljanter	briljant:a
briljantst	briljant:a
briljante	briljant:a
briljantere	briljant:a
briljantste	briljant:a
briljanten	briljant:n
briljantje	briljant:n
winnaars	winnaar:n
winnaartje	winnaar:n
zuurdampen	zuurdamp:n
zuurdampje	zuurdamp:n
wateriger	waterig:a
waterigst	waterig:a
waterige	waterig:a
waterigere	waterig:a
waterigste	waterig:a
insluitingen	insluiting:n
grijsachtiger	grijsachtig:a
grijsachtigst	grijsachtig:a
grijsachtige	grijsachtig:a
grijsachtigere	grijsachtig:a
grijsachtigste	grijsachtig:a
overwinnaars	overwinnaar:n
overwinnaartje	overwinnaar:n
zeepachtiger	zeepachtig:a
zeepachtigst	zeepachtig:a
zeepachtige	zeepachtig:a
zeepachtigere	zeepachtig:a
zeepachtigste	zeepachtig:a
handgemaakte	handgemaakt:a
kneedde	kneden:v
kneedt	kneden:v
kneedden	kneden:v
knedend	kneden:v
gekneed	kneden:v
onzuiverheden	onzuiverheid:n
onzuiverheidje	onzuiverheid:n
spontaner	spontaan:a
spontaanst	spontaan:a
spontane	spontaan:a
spontanere	spontaan:a
spontaanste	spontaan:a
kalkovens	kalkoven:n
kalkoventje	kalkoven:n
werkingen	werking:n
werkinkje	werking:n
uitloof	uitloven:v
uitloofde	uitloven:v
uitlooft	uitloven:v
uitloofden	uitloven:v
uitlovend	uitloven:v
uitgeloofd	uitloven:v
vergelingen	vergeling:n
gedempt	dempen:v
roodachtiger	roodachtig:a
roodachtigst	roodachtig:a
roodachtige	roodachtig:a
roodachtigere	roodachtig:a
roodachtigste	roodachtig:a
onschadelijker	onschadelijk:a
onschadelijkst	onschadelijk:a
onschadelijke	onschadelijk:a
onschadelijkere	onschadelijk:a
onschadelijkste	onschadelijk:a
decoratiever	decoratief:a
decoratiefst	decoratief:a
decoratieve	decoratief:a
decoratievere	decoratief:a
decoratiefste	decoratief:a
schminkje	schmink:n
achterlatingen	achterlating:n
achterlatinkje	achterlating:n
kaapte	kapen:v
kaapt	kapen:v
kaapten	kapen:v
kapend	kapen:v
gekaapt	kapen:v
beitels	beitel:n
beiteltje	beitel:n
printplaten	printplaat:n
printplaatje	printplaat:n
zeewieren	zeewier:n
zeewiertje	zeewier:n
afstandsbedieningen	afstandsbediening:n
afstandsbedieninkje	afstandsbediening:n
antieker	antiek:a
antiekst	antiek:a
antieke	antiek:a
antiekere	antiek:a
antiekste	antiek:a
besturingsbussen	besturingsbus:n
besturingsbusje	besturingsbus:n
adresbussen	adresbus:n
adresbusje	adresbus:n
scheerapparaten	scheerapparaat:n
scheerapparaatje	scheerapparaat:n
piramidale	piramidaal:a
scheertje	scheer:n
tegenkom	tegenkomen:v
tegenkwam	tegenkomen:v
tegenkomt	tegenkomen:v
tegenkwamen	tegenkomen:v
tegenkomend	tegenkomen:v
tegengekomen	tegenkomen:v
besturingssystemen	besturingssysteem:n
besturingssysteempje	besturingssysteem:n
heilbotten	heilbot:n
heilbotje	heilbot:n
depressies	depressie:n
depressietje	depressie:n
strottenhoofden	strottenhoofd:n
strottenhoofdje	strottenhoofd:n
stabieler	stabiel:a
stabielst	stabiel:a
stabiele	stabiel:a
stabielere	stabiel:a
stabielste	stabiel:a
goochelaars	goochelaar:n
goochelaartje	goochelaar:n
bakbananen	bakbanaan:n
bakbanaantje	bakbanaan:n
krokussen	krokus:n
krokusje	krokus:n
lelietjes-van-dalen	lelietje-van-dalen:n
meiklokjes	meiklokje:n
andijvies	andijvie:n
andijvietje	andijvie:n
venkels	venkel:n
venkeltje	venkel:n
motregens	motregen:n
motregentje	motregen:n
motregen	motregenen:v
pestte	pesten:v
pestten	pesten:v
pestend	pesten:v
gepest	pesten:v
wautje	wau:n
ijler	ijl:a
ijlst	ijl:a
ijle	ijl:a|ijlen:v
ijlere	ijl:a
ijlste	ijl:a
ijl	ijlen:v
jambische	jambisch:a
melanomen	melanoom:n
melanoompje	melanoom:n
zeemeerminnen	zeemeermin:n
zeemeerminnetje	zeemeermin:n
raketten	raket:n
raketje	raket:n
vaccinaties	vaccinatie:n
vaccinatietje	vaccinatie:n
dodenwaken	dodenwake:n
doodvonnissen	doodvonnis:n
doodvonnisje	doodvonnis:n
verbitterd	verbitteren:v
verbitter	verbitteren:v
verbitterde	verbitteren:v
verbittert	verbitteren:v
verbitterden	verbitteren:v
verbitterend	verbitteren:v
oud-strijders	oud-strijder:n
uitbuitingen	uitbuiting:n
afstem	afstemmen:v
afstemde	afstemmen:v
afstemt	afstemmen:v
afstemden	afstemmen:v
afstemmend	afstemmen:v
afgestemd	afstemmen:v
beweegbaarder	beweegbaar:a
beweegbaarst	beweegbaar:a
beweegbare	beweegbaar:a
beweegbaardere	beweegbaar:a
beweegbaarste	beweegbaar:a
uitbroed	uitbroeden:v
uitbroedde	uitbroeden:v
uitbroedt	uitbroeden:v
uitbroedden	uitbroeden:v
uitbroedend	uitbroeden:v
uitgebroed	uitbroeden:v
handiger	handig:a
handigst	handig:a
handige	handig:a
handigere	handig:a
handigste	handig:a
hellenistischer	hellenistisch:a
hellenistischt	hellenistisch:a
hellenistische	hellenistisch:a
hellenistischere	hellenistisch:a
hellenistischte	hellenistisch:a
dwaal	dwalen:v
dwaalde	dwalen:v
dwaalt	dwalen:v
dwaalden	dwalen:v
dwalend	dwalen:v
gedwaald	dwalen:v
dwalen	dwaal:n
hefbomen	hefboom:n
hefboompje	hefboom:n
beleef	beleven:v
beleeft	beleven:v
beleefden	beleven:v
belevend	beleven:v
boeiender	boeiend:a
boeiendst	boeiend:a
boeiende	boeiend:a
boeiendere	boeiend:a
boeiendste	boeiend:a
boeiend	boeien:v
boeide	boeien:v
boeit	boeien:v
boeiden	boeien:v
geboeid	boeien:v
ex-presidenten	ex-president:n
ex-presidentje	ex-president:n
omkoop	omkopen:v
omkocht	omkopen:v
omkoopt	omkopen:v
omkochten	omkopen:v
omkopend	omkopen:v
omgekocht	omkopen:v
intimidators	intimidator:n
intimidatortje	intimidator:n
tegenwerpingen	tegenwerping:n
tegenwerpinkje	tegenwerping:n
kloontje	kloon:n
vertroostingen	vertroosting:n
zondaars	zondaar:n
zondaren	zondaar:n
zondaartje	zondaar:n
galgen	galg:n
galgje	galg:n
geurde	geuren:v
geurt	geuren:v
geurden	geuren:v
geurend	geuren:v
gegeurd	geuren:v
inhou	inhouden:v
inhoud	inhouden:v
inhield	inhouden:v
inhoudt	inhouden:v
inhielden	inhouden:v
inhoudend	inhouden:v
ingehouden	inhouden:v
artistieker	artistiek:a
artistiekst	artistiek:a
artistieke	artistiek:a
artistiekere	artistiek:a
artistiekste	artistiek:a
watertand	watertanden:v
watertandde	watertanden:v
watertandt	watertanden:v
watertandden	watertanden:v
watertandend	watertanden:v
gewatertand	watertanden:v
nerveuzer	nerveus:a
nerveust	nerveus:a
nerveuze	nerveus:a
nerveuzere	nerveus:a
nerveuste	nerveus:a
ziekelijker	ziekelijk:a
ziekelijkst	ziekelijk:a
ziekelijke	ziekelijk:a
ziekelijkere	ziekelijk:a
ziekelijkste	ziekelijk:a
inhaliger	inhalig:a
inhaligst	inhalig:a
inhalige	inhalig:a
inhaligere	inhalig:a
inhaligste	inhalig:a
boerenkazen	boerenkaas:n
boerenkaasje	boerenkaas:n
Tataarser	Tataars:a
Tataarst	Tataars:a
Tataarse	Tataars:a
Tataarsere	Tataars:a
Tataarste	Tataars:a
lofliederen	loflied:n
lofliedje	loflied:n
gehechter	gehecht:a
gehechtst	gehecht:a
gehechte	gehecht:a
gehechtere	gehecht:a
gehechtste	gehecht:a
gehecht	hechten:v
bureaucratieën	bureaucratie:n
beeldhouwwerken	beeldhouwwerk:n
beeldhouwwerkje	beeldhouwwerk:n
cyaner	cyaan:a
cyaanst	cyaan:a
cyane	cyaan:a
cyanere	cyaan:a
cyaanste	cyaan:a
belees	belezen:v
belas	belezen:v
beleest	belezen:v
belazen	belezen:v
belezend	belezen:v
belezener	belezen:a
belezenst	belezen:a
belezenste	belezen:a
krantenpapieren	krantenpapier:n
krantenpapiertje	krantenpapier:n
locomotieven	locomotief:n
locomotiefje	locomotief:n
ontmoedig	ontmoedigen:v
ontmoedigde	ontmoedigen:v
ontmoedigt	ontmoedigen:v
ontmoedigden	ontmoedigen:v
ontmoedigend	ontmoedigen:v
ontmoedigd	ontmoedigen:v
dril	drillen:v
drilde	drillen:v
drilt	drillen:v
drilden	drillen:v
drillend	drillen:v
gedrild	drillen:v
drillen	dril:n
sculpturen	sculptuur:n
sculptuurtje	sculptuur:n
hypocrieten	hypocriet:n
hypocrietje	hypocriet:n
hypocrieter	hypocriet:a
hypocrietst	hypocriet:a
hypocriete	hypocriet:a
hypocrietere	hypocriet:a
hypocrietste	hypocriet:a
forensische	forensisch:a
blauwdrukken	blauwdruk:n
blauwdrukje	blauwdruk:n
kruipers	kruiper:n
kruipertje	kruiper:n
aambeelden	aambeeld:n
aambeeldje	aambeeld:n
aanbeeld	aambeeld:n
paasbloemen	paasbloem:n
paasbloempje	paasbloem:n
onderkaken	onderkaak:n
onderkaakje	onderkaak:n
Golgota	Golgotha:m
naoorlogse	naoorlogs:a
wouten	wout:n
woutje	wout:n
vroedvrouwen	vroedvrouw:n
vroedvrouwtje	vroedvrouw:n
bugels	bugel:n
bugeltje	bugel:n
astronomen	astronoom:n
astronoompje	astronoom:n
kweeperen	kweepeer:n
kweepeertje	kweepeer:n
universa	universum:n
microscopen	microscoop:n
microscoopje	microscoop:n
spionages	spionage:n
homeopathies	homeopathie:n
homeopathietje	homeopathie:n
rechtvaardigde	rechtvaardigen:v
rechtvaardigt	rechtvaardigen:v
rechtvaardigden	rechtvaardigen:v
rechtvaardigend	rechtvaardigen:v
gerechtvaardigd	rechtvaardigen:v
aantreed	aantreden:v
aantrad	aantreden:v
aantreedt	aantreden:v
aantraden	aantreden:v
aantredend	aantreden:v
aangetreden	aantreden:v
bakermatten	bakermat:n
bakermatje	bakermat:n
inbaker	inbakeren:v
inbakerde	inbakeren:v
inbakert	inbakeren:v
inbakerden	inbakeren:v
inbakerend	inbakeren:v
ingebakerd	inbakeren:v
bakerde	bakeren:v
bakert	bakeren:v
bakerden	bakeren:v
bakerend	bakeren:v
gebakerd	bakeren:v
vlecht	vlechten:v
vlocht	vlechten:v
vlochten	vlechten:v
vlechtend	vlechten:v
gevlochten	vlechten:v
vlechten	vlecht:n
braampje	braam:n
bijenkorven	bijenkorf:n
bijenkorfje	bijenkorf:n
sierlijker	sierlijk:a
sierlijkst	sierlijk:a
sierlijke	sierlijk:a
sierlijkere	sierlijk:a
sierlijkste	sierlijk:a
kandelaars	kandelaar:n
kandelaren	kandelaar:n
kandelaartje	kandelaar:n
hoorbaarder	hoorbaar:a
hoorbaarst	hoorbaar:a
hoorbare	hoorbaar:a
hoorbaardere	hoorbaar:a
hoorbaarste	hoorbaar:a
zichtbaarheden	zichtbaarheid:n
stoelde	stoelen:v
stoelt	stoelen:v
stoelden	stoelen:v
stoelend	stoelen:v
gestoeld	stoelen:v
pesthaarden	pesthaard:n
pesthaardje	pesthaard:n
ontroerder	ontroerd:a
ontroerdst	ontroerd:a
ontroerde	ontroerd:a|ontroeren:v
ontroerdere	ontroerd:a
ontroerdste	ontroerd:a
ontroerd	ontroeren:v
drilmeesters	drilmeester:n
drilmeestertje	drilmeester:n
hoender	hoen:n
hoendertje	hoender:n
microscopischer	microscopisch:a
microscopischt	microscopisch:a
microscopische	microscopisch:a
microscopischere	microscopisch:a
microscopischte	microscopisch:a
kweeappels	kweeappel:n
kweeappeltje	kweeappel:n
bannissementen	bannissement:n
antibioticums	antibioticum:n
antibioticumpje	antibioticum:n
kokospalmen	kokospalm:n
kokospalmpje	kokospalm:n
woordafbrekingen	woordafbreking:n
genezingen	genezing:n
genezinkje	genezing:n
olijfbomen	olijfboom:n
olijfboompje	olijfboom:n
verstik	verstikken:v
verstikte	verstikken:v
verstikt	verstikken:v
verstikten	verstikken:v
verstikkend	verstikken:v
neten	neet:n
neetje	neet:n
graafschappen	graafschap:n
graafschapje	graafschap:n
schrijfsters	schrijfster:n
schrijfstertje	schrijfster:n
blijkje	blijk:n
bleekte	bleken:v
bleekt	bleken:v|blijken:v
bleekten	bleken:v
blekend	bleken:v
gebleekt	bleken:v
gedrevener	gedreven:a
gedrevenst	gedreven:a
gedrevenste	gedreven:a
heser	hees:a
heest	hees:a|hijsen:v
hesere	hees:a
heeste	hees:a
knijpen	knijp:n
knijpje	knijp:n
rijzeren	rijs:n
rijsje	rijs:n
scheette	scheten:v
scheetten	scheten:v
schetend	scheten:v
gescheet	scheten:v
verwijten	verwijt:n
verwijtje	verwijt:n
verweesde	verwezen:v
verweest	verwezen:v|verwijzen:v
verweesden	verwezen:v
verwezend	verwezen:v
verweesd	verwezen:v
weekte	weken:v
weekt	weken:v|wijken:v
weekten	weken:v
wekend	weken:v
geweekt	weken:v
pacht	pachten:v
pachtte	pachten:v
pachtten	pachten:v
pachtend	pachten:v
gepacht	pachten:v
pachten	pacht:n
pachtje	pacht:n
aanzoeken	aanzoek:n
aanzoekje	aanzoek:n
huwelijksaanzoeken	huwelijksaanzoek:n
huwelijksaanzoekje	huwelijksaanzoek:n
formaliteiten	formaliteit:n
formaliteitje	formaliteit:n
regelde	regelen:v
regelt	regelen:v
regelden	regelen:v
regelend	regelen:v
instanties	instantie:n
instantietje	instantie:n
opgeef	opgeven:v
opgaf	opgeven:v
opgeeft	opgeven:v
opgevend	opgeven:v
opgegeven	opgeven:v
pleeggezinnen	pleeggezin:n
pleeggezinnetje	pleeggezin:n
pleegmoeders	pleegmoeder:n
pleegmoedertje	pleegmoeder:n
kinderdagverblijven	kinderdagverblijf:n
kinderdagverblijfje	kinderdagverblijf:n
stenografen	stenograaf:n
stenograafje	stenograaf:n
hospita's	hospita:n
hospitaatje	hospita:n
terughaal	terughalen:v
terughaalde	terughalen:v
terughaalt	terughalen:v
terughaalden	terughalen:v
terughalend	terughalen:v
teruggehaald	terughalen:v
uitkijk	uitkijken:v
uitkeek	uitkijken:v
uitkijkt	uitkijken:v
uitkeken	uitkijken:v
uitkijkend	uitkijken:v
uitgekeken	uitkijken:v
uitkijken	uitkijk:n
uitkijkje	uitkijk:n
vertellers	verteller:n
vertellertje	verteller:n
verstuik	verstuiken:v
verstuikte	verstuiken:v
verstuikt	verstuiken:v
verstuikten	verstuiken:v
verstuikend	verstuiken:v
speelsheden	speelsheid:n
speelsheidje	speelsheid:n
nalatenschappen	nalatenschap:n
nalatenschapje	nalatenschap:n
opsnuif	opsnuiven:v
opsnoof	opsnuiven:v
opsnuift	opsnuiven:v
opsnoven	opsnuiven:v
opsnuivend	opsnuiven:v
opgesnoven	opsnuiven:v
doms	dom:a
duffelse	duffels:a
kunstschilders	kunstschilder:n
kunstschildertje	kunstschilder:n
kunstjes	kunstje:n
gons	gonzen:v
kunststromingen	kunststroming:n
kunststrominkje	kunststroming:n
zwaarmoediger	zwaarmoedig:a
zwaarmoedigst	zwaarmoedig:a
zwaarmoedige	zwaarmoedig:a
zwaarmoedigere	zwaarmoedig:a
zwaarmoedigste	zwaarmoedig:a
zenuwziekten	zenuwziekte:n
zenuwziektes	zenuwziekte:n
predikanten	predikant:n
predikantje	predikant:n
echtparen	echtpaar:n
echtpaartje	echtpaar:n
zwijgzamer	zwijgzaam:a
zwijgzaamst	zwijgzaam:a
zwijgzame	zwijgzaam:a
zwijgzamere	zwijgzaam:a
zwijgzaamste	zwijgzaam:a
wormstekiger	wormstekig:a
wormstekigst	wormstekig:a
wormstekige	wormstekig:a
wormstekigere	wormstekig:a
wormstekigste	wormstekig:a
verliefder	verliefd:a
verliefdst	verliefd:a
verliefde	verliefd:a|verlieven:v
verliefdere	verliefd:a
verliefdste	verliefd:a
verliefd	verlieven:v
aftrekken	aftrek:n
preken	preek:n
preekje	preek:n
preek	preken:v
preekte	preken:v
preekt	preken:v
preekten	preken:v
prekend	preken:v
gepreekt	preken:v
wijt	wijten:v
wijtend	wijten:v
zendelingen	zendeling:n
zendelingetje	zendeling:n
worstel	worstelen:v
worstelde	worstelen:v
worstelt	worstelen:v
worstelden	worstelen:v
worstelend	worstelen:v
geworsteld	worstelen:v
poseerde	poseren:v
poseert	poseren:v
poseerden	poseren:v
poserend	poseren:v
geposeerd	poseren:v
gretiger	gretig:a
gretigst	gretig:a
gretige	gretig:a
gretigere	gretig:a
gretigste	gretig:a
verweerde	verweren:v
verweert	verweren:v
verweerden	verweren:v
verwerend	verweren:v
verweerd	verweren:v
onderstaande	onderstaand:a
kistte	kisten:v
kistten	kisten:v
kistend	kisten:v
gekist	kisten:v
inboedels	inboedel:n
inboedeltje	inboedel:n
vorme	vormen:v
knars	knarsen:v
blitser	blits:a
blitst	blits:a
blitse	blits:a
blitsere	blits:a
blitste	blits:a
Hollanders	Hollander:n
inniger	innig:a
innigst	innig:a
innige	innig:a
innigere	innig:a
innigste	innig:a
groenwieren	groenwier:n
blauwalgen	blauwalg:n
blauwalgje	blauwalg:n
symbiosen	symbiose:n
korstvormiger	korstvormig:a
korstvormigst	korstvormig:a
korstvormige	korstvormig:a
korstvormigere	korstvormig:a
korstvormigste	korstvormig:a
bladvormige	bladvormig:a
struikvormiger	struikvormig:a
struikvormigst	struikvormig:a
struikvormige	struikvormig:a
struikvormigere	struikvormig:a
struikvormigste	struikvormig:a
leefwijzen	leefwijze:n
zaadplanten	zaadplant:n
zaadplantje	zaadplant:n
grafstenen	grafsteen:n
grafsteentje	grafsteen:n
doordring	doordringen:v
doordrong	doordringen:v
doordringt	doordringen:v
doordrongen	doordringen:v
doordringend	doordringen:v
doorgedrongen	doordringen:v
opleef	opleven:v
opleefde	opleven:v
opleeft	opleven:v
opleefden	opleven:v
oplevend	opleven:v
opgeleefd	opleven:v
voorkomender	voorkomend:a
voorkomendst	voorkomend:a
rendiermossen	rendiermos:n
vermeerderingen	vermeerdering:n
souffleuse	souffleur:n
gebakjes	gebakje:n
tompoezen	tompoes:n
tompoesje	tompoes:n
muisknoppen	muisknop:n
muisknopje	muisknop:n
katjes	katje:n
katjen	katje:n
katjetje	katje:n
hondjes	hondje:n
eigenhandige	eigenhandig:a
schuifje	schuif:n
schoofje	schoof:n
stroever	stroef:a
stroefst	stroef:a
stroeve	stroef:a
stroevere	stroef:a
stroefste	stroef:a
poortjes	poortje:n
monteer	monteren:v
monteerde	monteren:v
monteert	monteren:v
monteerden	monteren:v
monterend	monteren:v
gemonteerd	monteren:v
oneffener	oneffen:a
oneffenst	oneffen:a
oneffenste	oneffen:a
oneffenheden	oneffenheid:n
oneffenheidje	oneffenheid:n
reflecterender	reflecterend:a
reflecterendst	reflecterend:a
reflecterende	reflecterend:a
reflecterendere	reflecterend:a
reflecterendste	reflecterend:a
reflecterend	reflecteren:v
gebruikersinterfaces	gebruikersinterface:n
klachten	klacht:n
klachtje	klacht:n
polste	polsen:v
polst	polsen:v
polsten	polsen:v
polsend	polsen:v
gepolst	polsen:v
oorkonden	oorkonde:n
oorkondes	oorkonde:n
oorkondetje	oorkonde:n
geboomtes	geboomte:n
onderscheidingen	onderscheiding:n
onderscheidinkje	onderscheiding:n
kikkerbillen	kikkerbil:n
kikkerbilletje	kikkerbil:n
heruitzendingen	heruitzending:n
heruitzendinkje	heruitzending:n
nederiger	nederig:a
nederigst	nederig:a
nederige	nederig:a
nederigere	nederig:a
nederigste	nederig:a
gezindheden	gezindheid:n
uitgangspunten	uitgangspunt:n
uitgangspuntje	uitgangspunt:n
wijsgeren	wijsgeer:n
wijsgeertje	wijsgeer:n
filosoofje	filosoof:n
levensbeschouwingen	levensbeschouwing:n
levensbeschouwinkje	levensbeschouwing:n
afwijs	afwijzen:v
afwees	afwijzen:v
afwijst	afwijzen:v
afwezen	afwijzen:v
afwijzend	afwijzen:v
afgewezen	afwijzen:v
betwistbaarder	betwistbaar:a
betwistbaarst	betwistbaar:a
betwistbare	betwistbaar:a
betwistbaardere	betwistbaar:a
betwistbaarste	betwistbaar:a
principiëler	principieel:a
principieelst	principieel:a
principiële	principieel:a
principiëlere	principieel:a
principieelste	principieel:a
vleierijen	vleierij:n
vleierijtje	vleierij:n
dekmantels	dekmantel:n
dekmanteltje	dekmantel:n
wierf	werven:v
werft	werven:v
wierven	werven:v
wervend	werven:v
geworven	werven:v
ongeletterden	ongeletterde:n
bout	bouten:v
boutte	bouten:v
boutten	bouten:v
boutend	bouten:v
gebout	bouten:v
broederschappen	broederschap:n
broederschapje	broederschap:n
broeders	broeder:n
broedertje	broeder:n
appelmoesje	appelmoes:n
palinodieën	palinodie:n
pagodes	pagode:n
biodiverse	biodivers:a
sparde	sparren:v
spart	sparren:v
sparden	sparren:v
sparrend	sparren:v
gespard	sparren:v
vernederender	vernederend:a
vernederendst	vernederend:a
vernederende	vernederend:a
vernederendere	vernederend:a
vernederendste	vernederend:a
aantrekkelijker	aantrekkelijk:a
aantrekkelijkst	aantrekkelijk:a
aantrekkelijke	aantrekkelijk:a
aantrekkelijkere	aantrekkelijk:a
aantrekkelijkste	aantrekkelijk:a
wegstop	wegstoppen:v
wegstopte	wegstoppen:v
wegstopt	wegstoppen:v
wegstopten	wegstoppen:v
wegstoppend	wegstoppen:v
weggestopt	wegstoppen:v
onwettiger	onwettig:a
onwettigst	onwettig:a
onwettige	onwettig:a
onwettigere	onwettig:a
onwettigste	onwettig:a
verdraag	verdragen:v
verdroeg	verdragen:v
verdraagt	verdragen:v
verdroegen	verdragen:v
verdragend	verdragen:v
rakkers	rakker:n
rakkertje	rakker:n
aanzet	aanzetten:v
aanzette	aanzetten:v
aanzettend	aanzetten:v
aangezet	aanzetten:v
afwacht	afwachten:v
afwachtte	afwachten:v
afwachtten	afwachten:v
afwachtend	afwachten:v
afgewacht	afwachten:v
brul	brullen:v
brulde	brullen:v
brult	brullen:v
brulden	brullen:v
brullend	brullen:v
gebruld	brullen:v
beklemtoon	beklemtonen:v
beklemtoonde	beklemtonen:v
beklemtoont	beklemtonen:v
beklemtoonden	beklemtonen:v
beklemtonend	beklemtonen:v
beklemtoond	beklemtonen:v
klemtonen	klemtoon:n
klemtoontje	klemtoon:n
knechten	knecht:n
knechts	knecht:n
knechtje	knecht:n
browsede	browsen:v
browset	browsen:v
browseden	browsen:v
browsend	browsen:v
gebrowsed	browsen:v
doorblader	doorbladeren:v
doorbladerde	doorbladeren:v
doorbladert	doorbladeren:v
doorbladerden	doorbladeren:v
doorbladerend	doorbladeren:v
doorgebladerd	doorbladeren:v
doorbladerd	doorbladeren:v
tussendoortjes	tussendoortje:n
artillerietje	artillerie:n
lijnde	lijnen:v
lijnt	lijnen:v
lijnden	lijnen:v
lijnend	lijnen:v
gelijnd	lijnen:v
mariniers	marinier:n
mariniertje	marinier:n
watertje	water:n
huiswerken	huiswerk:n
abominabeler	abominabel:a
abominabelst	abominabel:a
abominabele	abominabel:a
abominabelere	abominabel:a
abominabelste	abominabel:a
dadels	dadel:n
dadeltje	dadel:n
sporingen	sporing:n
sporinkje	sporing:n
absorpties	absorptie:n
absorptietje	absorptie:n
accumulaties	accumulatie:n
accumulatietje	accumulatie:n
sferischer	sferisch:a
sferischt	sferisch:a
sferische	sferisch:a
sferischere	sferisch:a
sferischte	sferisch:a
citaten	citaat:n
citaatje	citaat:n
septische	septisch:a
creëer	creëren:v
creëerde	creëren:v
creëert	creëren:v
creëerden	creëren:v
creërend	creëren:v
gecreëerd	creëren:v
aanbrengen	aanbreng:n
aanbrengetje	aanbreng:n
wielrenners	wielrenner:n
wielrennertje	wielrenner:n
symbolen	symbool:n
symbooltje	symbool:n
attributiever	attributief:a
attributiefst	attributief:a
attributieve	attributief:a
attributievere	attributief:a
attributiefste	attributief:a
gazons	gazon:n
gazonnetje	gazon:n
verwoeder	verwoed:a
verwoedst	verwoed:a
verwoede	verwoed:a
verwoedere	verwoed:a
verwoedste	verwoed:a
onafgewerkte	onafgewerkt:a
ontzie	ontzien:v
ontzag	ontzien:v
ontziet	ontzien:v
ontzagen	ontzien:v
ontziend	ontzien:v
opvoeringen	opvoering:n
opvoerinkje	opvoering:n
opvoer	opvoeren:v
opvoerde	opvoeren:v
opvoert	opvoeren:v
opvoerden	opvoeren:v
opvoerend	opvoeren:v
opgevoerd	opvoeren:v
inzendingen	inzending:n
inzendinkje	inzending:n
bestelletje	bestel:n
uitstapje	uitstap:n
uitstapjes	uitstapje:n
huiveringwekkender	huiveringwekkend:a
huiveringwekkendst	huiveringwekkend:a
huiveringwekkende	huiveringwekkend:a
huiveringwekkendere	huiveringwekkend:a
huiveringwekkendste	huiveringwekkend:a
doorwrochter	doorwrocht:a
doorwrochtst	doorwrocht:a
doorwrochte	doorwrocht:a
doorwrochtere	doorwrocht:a
doorwrochtste	doorwrocht:a
meerlagige	meerlagig:a
beslommeringen	beslommering:n
beslommeringetje	beslommering:n
heviger	hevig:a
hevigst	hevig:a
hevige	hevig:a
hevigere	hevig:a
hevigste	hevig:a
zint	zinnen:v
zinnend	zinnen:v
gezonnen	zinnen:v
zinde	zinnen:v
zinden	zinnen:v
gezind	zinnen:v
fascismes	fascisme:n
fascismetje	fascisme:n
chromosomen	chromosoom:n
chromosoompje	chromosoom:n
voetpaden	voetpad:n
voetpaadje	voetpad:n
snedes	snee:n
sneetje	snee:n
snee	sneeuw:n
bevreesder	bevreesd:a
bevreesdst	bevreesd:a
bevreesde	bevreesd:a
bevreesdere	bevreesd:a
bevreesdste	bevreesd:a
wankeler	wankel:a
wankelst	wankel:a
wankele	wankel:a|wankelen:v
wankelere	wankel:a
wankelste	wankel:a
begeef	begeven:v
begaf	begeven:v
begeeft	begeven:v
begaven	begeven:v
begevend	begeven:v
zegeningen	zegening:n
zegeningetje	zegening:n
teerder	teer:a
teerst	teer:a
teerdere	teer:a
teerste	teer:a
teren	teer:n
teertje	teer:n
goeds	goed:a
oplaai	oplaaien:v
oplaaide	oplaaien:v
oplaait	oplaaien:v
oplaaiden	oplaaien:v
oplaaiend	oplaaien:v
opgelaaid	oplaaien:v
ontsteek	ontsteken:v
ontstak	ontsteken:v
ontsteekt	ontsteken:v
ontstaken	ontsteken:v
ontstekend	ontsteken:v
ontstoken	ontsteken:v
bazuinen	bazuin:n
bazuintje	bazuin:n
bazuin	bazuinen:v
bazuinde	bazuinen:v
bazuint	bazuinen:v
bazuinden	bazuinen:v
bazuinend	bazuinen:v
gebazuind	bazuinen:v
verflauw	verflauwen:v
verflauwde	verflauwen:v
verflauwt	verflauwen:v
verflauwden	verflauwen:v
verflauwend	verflauwen:v
verflauwd	verflauwen:v
kerm	kermen:v
kermde	kermen:v
kermt	kermen:v
kermden	kermen:v
kermend	kermen:v
gekermd	kermen:v
opwekkingen	opwekking:n
opwekkinkje	opwekking:n
centraler	centraal:a
centraalst	centraal:a
centralere	centraal:a
centraalste	centraal:a
variabeler	variabel:a
variabelst	variabel:a
variabele	variabel:a
variabelere	variabel:a
variabelste	variabel:a
scheikundiger	scheikundig:a
scheikundigst	scheikundig:a
scheikundige	scheikundig:a
scheikundigere	scheikundig:a
scheikundigste	scheikundig:a
hoestte	hoesten:v
hoestten	hoesten:v
hoestend	hoesten:v
gehoest	hoesten:v
hoesten	hoest:n
cirkelde	cirkelen:v
cirkelt	cirkelen:v
cirkelden	cirkelen:v
cirkelend	cirkelen:v
gecirkeld	cirkelen:v
entrecôte	entrecote:n
sedentairder	sedentair:a
sedentairst	sedentair:a
sedentaire	sedentair:a
sedentairdere	sedentair:a
sedentairste	sedentair:a
contemporaine	contemporain:a
spaken	spaak:n
spaakje	spaak:n
hersentjes	hersenen:n
balansje	balans:n
opruim	opruimen:v
opruimde	opruimen:v
opruimt	opruimen:v
opruimden	opruimen:v
opruimend	opruimen:v
opgeruimd	opruimen:v
ijsjes	ijsje:n
abondanter	abondant:a
abondantst	abondant:a
abondante	abondant:a
abondantere	abondant:a
abondantste	abondant:a
hammam	hamam:n
belette	beletten:v
dialoogje	dialoog:n
smelte	smelten:v
postorders	postorder:n
afspeel	afspelen:v
afspeelde	afspelen:v
afspeelt	afspelen:v
afspeelden	afspelen:v
afspelend	afspelen:v
afgespeeld	afspelen:v
federaties	federatie:n
federatietje	federatie:n
exquiser	exquis:a
exquist	exquis:a
exquise	exquis:a
exquisere	exquis:a
exquiste	exquis:a
cilinders	cilinder:n
cilindertje	cilinder:n
merries	merrie:n
merrietje	merrie:n
baarzen	baars:n
baarsje	baars:n
Oekraïenser	Oekraïens:a
Oekraïenst	Oekraïens:a
Oekraïense	Oekraïens:a
Oekraïensere	Oekraïens:a
Oekraïenste	Oekraïens:a
rd.	rijksdaalder:n
extremiteiten	extremiteit:n
extremiteitje	extremiteit:n
steekpenningen	steekpenning:n
steekpenninkje	steekpenning:n
cycli	cyclus:n
cyclussen	cyclus:n
cyclusje	cyclus:n
perenbomen	perenboom:n
perenboompje	perenboom:n
strafschoppen	strafschop:n
strafschopje	strafschop:n
kornetten	kornet:n
kornets	kornet:n
kazakken	kazak:n
kravatten	kravat:n
kravatje	kravat:n
aftrekkingen	aftrekking:n
aftrekkinkje	aftrekking:n
sprinkhanen	sprinkhaan:n
sprinkhaantje	sprinkhaan:n
legenden	legende:n
legendes	legende:n
legendetje	legende:n
lichtreacties	lichtreactie:n
lichtreactietje	lichtreactie:n
aartshertoginnen	aartshertogin:n
aartshertoginnetje	aartshertogin:n
loyaler	loyaal:a
paradoxaler	paradoxaal:a
paradoxaalst	paradoxaal:a
paradoxale	paradoxaal:a
paradoxalere	paradoxaal:a
paradoxaalste	paradoxaal:a
zeetongen	zeetong:n
zeetongetje	zeetong:n
daaronder	onder:d
daarvandaan	vandaan:d
nominale	nominaal:a
nominalen	nominaal:n
brandweerauto's	brandweerauto:n
brandweerautootje	brandweerauto:n
brandweerwagens	brandweerwagen:n
brandweerwagentje	brandweerwagen:n
sneeuwballen	sneeuwbal:n
sneeuwballetje	sneeuwbal:n
capoeirista's	capoeirista:n
capoeiristaatje	capoeirista:n
Servischer	Servisch:a
Servischt	Servisch:a
Servische	Servisch:a
Servischere	Servisch:a
Servischte	Servisch:a
afvalligheden	afvalligheid:n
afvalligheidje	afvalligheid:n
warmtes	warmte:n
breedtes	breedte:n
breedten	breedte:n
breedtetje	breedte:n
buitenlandser	buitenlands:a
buitenlandst	buitenlands:a
buitenlandse	buitenlands:a
buitenlandsere	buitenlands:a
buitenlandste	buitenlands:a
postte	posten:v
postten	posten:v
postend	posten:v
gepost	posten:v
instel	instellen:v
instelde	instellen:v
instelt	instellen:v
instelden	instellen:v
instellend	instellen:v
ingesteld	instellen:v
afkomstige	afkomstig:a
Berberser	Berbers:a
Berberst	Berbers:a
Berberse	Berbers:a
Berbersere	Berbers:a
Berberste	Berbers:a
afstam	afstammen:v
afstamde	afstammen:v
afstamt	afstammen:v
afstamden	afstammen:v
afstammend	afstammen:v
afgestamd	afstammen:v
volbreng	volbrengen:v
volbracht	volbrengen:v
volbrengt	volbrengen:v
volbrachten	volbrengen:v
volbrengend	volbrengen:v
glossaria	glossarium:n
glossariumpje	glossarium:n
pelgrimstochten	pelgrimstocht:n
pelgrimstochtje	pelgrimstocht:n
pelgrims	pelgrim:n
pelgrimpje	pelgrim:n
struikrovers	struikrover:n
struikrovertje	struikrover:n
beginnetjes	beginnetje:n
kreeften	kreeft:n
kreeftje	kreeft:n
kreeftachtiger	kreeftachtig:a
kreeftachtigst	kreeftachtig:a
kreeftachtige	kreeftachtig:a
kreeftachtigere	kreeftachtig:a
kreeftachtigste	kreeftachtig:a
fototoestellen	fototoestel:n
fototoestelletje	fototoestel:n
Oostenrijkers	Oostenrijker:n
Oostenrijkertje	Oostenrijker:n
Kazachser	Kazachs:a
Kazachst	Kazachs:a
Kazachse	Kazachs:a
Kazachsere	Kazachs:a
Kazachste	Kazachs:a
dermatologen	dermatoloog:n
dermatoloogje	dermatoloog:n
sterretjes	sterretje:n
checkte	checken:v
checkt	checken:v
checkten	checken:v
checkend	checken:v
gecheckt	checken:v
evaluere	evalueren:v
ongehuwde	ongehuwd:a
muilezels	muilezel:n
muilezeltje	muilezel:n
hybrides	hybride:n
hybriden	hybride:n
hybridetje	hybride:n
schorpioenen	schorpioen:n
schorpioentje	schorpioen:n
noorderbreedtes	noorderbreedte:n
zuiderbreedtes	zuiderbreedte:n
fonteinen	fontein:n
fonteintje	fontein:n
huw	huwen:v
huwde	huwen:v
huwt	huwen:v
huwden	huwen:v
huwend	huwen:v
gehuwd	huwen:v
referenties	referentie:n
referentietje	referentie:n
sneeuwpoppen	sneeuwpop:n
sneeuwpopje	sneeuwpop:n
sneeuwpoppetje	sneeuwpop:n
erfgenamen	erfgenaam:n
erfgenaampje	erfgenaam:n
verheugd	verheugen:v
mokken	mok:n
mokje	mok:n
mok	mokken:v
rouwde	rouwen:v
rouwt	rouwen:v
rouwden	rouwen:v
rouwend	rouwen:v
gerouwd	rouwen:v
gruwelijker	gruwelijk:a
gruwelijkst	gruwelijk:a
gruwelijke	gruwelijk:a
gruwelijkere	gruwelijk:a
gruwelijkste	gruwelijk:a
hypothesen	hypothese:n
hypothesetje	hypothese:n
majesteiten	majesteit:n
confrontaties	confrontatie:n
confrontatietje	confrontatie:n
debatten	debat:n
debatje	debat:n
aankleed	aankleden:v
aankleedde	aankleden:v
aankleedt	aankleden:v
aankleedden	aankleden:v
aankledend	aankleden:v
zeeëgel	zee-egel:n
zeeleeuwen	zeeleeuw:n
zeeleeuwtje	zeeleeuw:n
eenhoorns	eenhoorn:n
eenhoorntje	eenhoorn:n
zeugen	zeug:n
zeugje	zeug:n
basketballen	basketbal:n
basketballetje	basketbal:n
anoniemer	anoniem:a
anoniemst	anoniem:a
anonieme	anoniem:a
anoniemere	anoniem:a
anoniemste	anoniem:a
slaperiger	slaperig:a
slaperigst	slaperig:a
slaperige	slaperig:a
slaperigere	slaperig:a
slaperigste	slaperig:a
paspoorten	paspoort:n
paspoortje	paspoort:n
geliefder	geliefd:a
geliefdst	geliefd:a
geliefdere	geliefd:a
geliefdste	geliefd:a
namiddagen	namiddag:n
namiddagje	namiddag:n
voormiddagen	voormiddag:n
voormiddagje	voormiddag:n
zonnewijzers	zonnewijzer:n
zonnewijzertje	zonnewijzer:n
behangselpapieren	behangselpapier:n
behangselpapiertje	behangselpapier:n
aartsvijanden	aartsvijand:n
aartsvijandje	aartsvijand:n
verroer	verroeren:v
verroerde	verroeren:v
verroert	verroeren:v
verroerden	verroeren:v
verroerend	verroeren:v
verroerd	verroeren:v
lidmaatschappen	lidmaatschap:n
lidmaatschapje	lidmaatschap:n
bastaarden	bastaard:n
bastaards	bastaard:n
bastaardje	bastaard:n
Keltischer	Keltisch:a
Keltischt	Keltisch:a
Keltische	Keltisch:a
Keltischere	Keltisch:a
Keltischte	Keltisch:a
nuntii	nuntius:n
medianen	mediaan:n
mediaantje	mediaan:n
voetgangers	voetganger:n
voetgangertje	voetganger:n
applicaties	applicatie:n
applicatietje	applicatie:n
leuningen	leuning:n
leuninkje	leuning:n
lichtjaren	lichtjaar:n
lichtjaartje	lichtjaar:n
aanpakken	aanpak:n
aanpakje	aanpak:n
nuntiussen	nuntius:n
aristocraten	aristocraat:n
aristocraatje	aristocraat:n
leerkrachten	leerkracht:n
leerkrachtje	leerkracht:n
verstrijk	verstrijken:v
verstreek	verstrijken:v
verstrijkt	verstrijken:v
verstreken	verstrijken:v
verstrijkend	verstrijken:v
ondervraag	ondervragen:v
ondervroeg	ondervragen:v
ondervraagt	ondervragen:v
ondervroegen	ondervragen:v
ondervragend	ondervragen:v
ondervraagd	ondervragen:v
ondervraagde	ondervragen:v
ondervraagden	ondervragen:v
meubelstukken	meubelstuk:n
meubelstukje	meubelstuk:n
wijzers	wijzer:n
wijzertje	wijzer:n
oorworm	oorwurm:n
kannibalen	kannibaal:n
kannibaaltje	kannibaal:n
parkeer	parkeren:v
parkeerde	parkeren:v
parkeert	parkeren:v
parkeerden	parkeren:v
parkerend	parkeren:v
geparkeerd	parkeren:v
litanieën	litanie:n
litanietje	litanie:n
schrijnen	schrijn:n
schrijntje	schrijn:n
stekelvarkens	stekelvarken:n
stekelvarkentje	stekelvarken:n
vleeseters	vleeseter:n
vleesetertje	vleeseter:n
cicaden	cicade:n
cicades	cicade:n
cicadetje	cicade:n
rivierkreeften	rivierkreeft:n
rivierkreeftje	rivierkreeft:n
sponsen	spons:n
sponzen	spons:n
sponsje	spons:n
zeehonden	zeehond:n
zeehondje	zeehond:n
schelde	schelden:v|schellen:v
moge	mogen:v
moerbeien	moerbei:n
moerbeitje	moerbei:n
mortaliteiten	mortaliteit:n
balies	balie:n
balietje	balie:n
zweertje	zweer:n
gote	gieten:v
polemiste	polemist:n
pappe	pappen:v
ambiguer	ambigu:a
ambigue	ambigu:a
ambiguere	ambigu:a
ambigu'ste	ambigu:a
artificiëler	artificieel:a
artificieelst	artificieel:a
artificiële	artificieel:a
artificiëlere	artificieel:a
artificieelste	artificieel:a
loodgieters	loodgieter:n
loodgietertje	loodgieter:n
slokdarmen	slokdarm:n
slokdarmpje	slokdarm:n
waterpassen	waterpas:n
waterpasje	waterpas:n
waterpasse	waterpas:a
weerleggingen	weerlegging:n
weerlegginkje	weerlegging:n
basilicums	basilicum:n
basilicumpje	basilicum:n
nietmachines	nietmachine:n
nietmachientje	nietmachine:n
nietapparaten	nietapparaat:n
nietapparaatje	nietapparaat:n
gieters	gieter:n
gietertje	gieter:n
luchtpijpen	luchtpijp:n
luchtpijpje	luchtpijp:n
blekers	bleker:n
stases	stase:n
staseke	stase:n
brasems	brasem:n
brasempje	brasem:n
hagen	haag:n
haagje	haag:n
guirlandes	guirlande:n
guirlandetje	guirlande:n
idiosyncrasieën	idiosyncrasie:n
idiosyncrasietje	idiosyncrasie:n
kinetische	kinetisch:a
lastdieren	lastdier:n
lastdiertje	lastdier:n
mathematische	mathematisch:a
intrinsieker	intrinsiek:a
intrinsiekst	intrinsiek:a
intrinsieke	intrinsiek:a
intrinsiekere	intrinsiek:a
intrinsiekste	intrinsiek:a
balsem	balsemen:v
balsemde	balsemen:v
balsemt	balsemen:v
balsemden	balsemen:v
balsemend	balsemen:v
gebalsemd	balsemen:v
snuggerder	snugger:a
snuggerst	snugger:a
snuggere	snugger:a
snuggerdere	snugger:a
snuggerste	snugger:a
laboratoria	laboratorium:n
laboratoriums	laboratorium:n
laboratoriumpje	laboratorium:n
vlegels	vlegel:n
vlegeltje	vlegel:n
vlegel	vleugel:n
refreinen	refrein:n
refreintje	refrein:n
ruimteveren	ruimteveer:n
ruimteveertje	ruimteveer:n
rectale	rectaal:a
tandenstokers	tandenstoker:n
tandenstokertje	tandenstoker:n
granaatappels	granaatappel:n
granaatappelen	granaatappel:n
granaatappeltje	granaatappel:n
granaatappelke	granaatappel:n
schrap	schrappen:v
schrapte	schrappen:v
schrapt	schrappen:v
schrapten	schrappen:v
schrappend	schrappen:v
geschrapt	schrappen:v
discipelen	discipel:n
discipels	discipel:n
discipeltje	discipel:n
alimentaties	alimentatie:n
alimentatietje	alimentatie:n
vaatwasmachines	vaatwasmachine:n
vaatwasmachientje	vaatwasmachine:n
afwassers	afwasser:n
afwassertje	afwasser:n
opstandingen	opstanding:n
opstandinkje	opstanding:n
antithesen	antithese:n
antithesetje	antithese:n
opstandingskrachten	opstandingskracht:n
infecteer	infecteren:v
infecteerde	infecteren:v
infecteert	infecteren:v
infecteerden	infecteren:v
infecterend	infecteren:v
geïnfecteerd	infecteren:v
ataxieën	ataxie:n
ataxietje	ataxie:n
moerasschildpadden	moerasschildpad:n
moerasschildpadje	moerasschildpad:n
kurkentrekkers	kurkentrekker:n
kurkentrekkertje	kurkentrekker:n
recreaties	recreatie:n
recreatietje	recreatie:n
pindakazen	pindakaas:n
pindakaasje	pindakaas:n
schelvissen	schelvis:n
schelvisje	schelvis:n
haringhaaien	haringhaai:n
haringhaaitje	haringhaai:n
Realpolitik	realpolitik:n
omnivoren	omnivoor:n
omnivoortje	omnivoor:n
alleseters	alleseter:n
allesetertje	alleseter:n
duizeliger	duizelig:a
duizeligst	duizelig:a
duizelige	duizelig:a
duizeligere	duizelig:a
duizeligste	duizelig:a
eters	eter:n
etertje	eter:n
zuiniger	zuinig:a
zuinigst	zuinig:a
zuinige	zuinig:a
zuinigere	zuinig:a
zuinigste	zuinig:a
economischer	economisch:a
economischt	economisch:a
economische	economisch:a
economischere	economisch:a
economischte	economisch:a
ethieken	ethiek:n
injecties	injectie:n
injectietje	injectie:n
belaag	belagen:v
belaagde	belagen:v
belaagt	belagen:v
belaagden	belagen:v
belagend	belagen:v
belaagd	belagen:v
meliger	melig:a
meligst	melig:a
melige	melig:a
meligere	melig:a
meligste	melig:a
kruispunten	kruispunt:n
kruispuntje	kruispunt:n
dalmatiërs	dalmatiër:n
dalmatiërtje	dalmatiër:n
kunstschaatsen	kunstschaats:n
kunstschaats	kunstschaatsen:v
kunstschaatste	kunstschaatsen:v
kunstschaatst	kunstschaatsen:v
kunstschaatsten	kunstschaatsen:v
kunstschaatsend	kunstschaatsen:v
gekunstschaatst	kunstschaatsen:v
zelfportretten	zelfportret:n
zelfportretje	zelfportret:n
vlooienmarkten	vlooienmarkt:n
vlooienmarktje	vlooienmarkt:n
consulaten	consulaat:n
consulaatje	consulaat:n
apatriden	apatride:n
anabolismetje	anabolisme:n
melassen	melasse:n
melassetje	melasse:n
floëmen	floëem:n
floëempje	floëem:n
xylemen	xyleem:n
xyleempje	xyleem:n
vaatbundels	vaatbundel:n
vaatbundeltje	vaatbundel:n
bloedheter	bloedheet:a
bloedheetst	bloedheet:a
bloedhete	bloedheet:a
bloedhetere	bloedheet:a
bloedheetste	bloedheet:a
bergtoppen	bergtop:n
bergtopje	bergtop:n
bloempotten	bloempot:n
bloempotje	bloempot:n
collagene	collageen:a
ruïnes	ruïne:n
ruïnen	ruïne:n
ruïnetje	ruïne:n
ruïneer	ruïneren:v
ruïneerde	ruïneren:v
ruïneert	ruïneren:v
ruïneerden	ruïneren:v
ruïnerend	ruïneren:v
geruïneerd	ruïneren:v
deunen	deun:n
deuntje	deun:n
bloediger	bloedig:a
bloedigst	bloedig:a
bloedige	bloedig:a
bloedigere	bloedig:a
bloedigste	bloedig:a
aardappelsalades	aardappelsalade:n
aardappelsaladetje	aardappelsalade:n
aardappelsalaadje	aardappelsalade:n
aardappelslaatje	aardappelsalade:n
gasleidingen	gasleiding:n
gasleidinkje	gasleiding:n
waterleidingen	waterleiding:n
waterleidinkje	waterleiding:n
gassend	gassen:v
gegast	gassen:v
gelegener	gelegen:a
gelegenst	gelegen:a
gelegenste	gelegen:a
riolen	riool:n
riooltje	riool:n
rioolbuizen	rioolbuis:n
rioolbuisje	rioolbuis:n
medewerkers	medewerker:n
medewerkertje	medewerker:n
veerboten	veerboot:n
veerbootje	veerboot:n
stormde	stormen:v
stormt	stormen:v
stormden	stormen:v
stormend	stormen:v
gestormd	stormen:v
kustwachten	kustwacht:n
tyfoons	tyfoon:n
tyfoontje	tyfoon:n
terugdring	terugdringen:v
terugdrong	terugdringen:v
terugdringt	terugdringen:v
terugdrongen	terugdringen:v
terugdringend	terugdringen:v
teruggedrongen	terugdringen:v
tekorten	tekort:n
tekortje	tekort:n
schaarser	schaars:a
schaarst	schaars:a
schaarse	schaars:a
schaarsere	schaars:a
schaarste	schaars:a
zuurkasten	zuurkast:n
zuurkastje	zuurkast:n
trekkasten	trekkast:n
trekkastje	trekkast:n
intoom	intomen:v
intoomde	intomen:v
intoomt	intomen:v
intoomden	intomen:v
intomend	intomen:v
ingetoomd	intomen:v
driekwarte	driekwart:a
taifoens	taifoen:n
taifoentje	taifoen:n
competenties	competentie:n
competentietje	competentie:n
tuberculeuzer	tuberculeus:a
tuberculeust	tuberculeus:a
tuberculeuze	tuberculeus:a
tuberculeuzere	tuberculeus:a
tuberculeuste	tuberculeus:a
muisjes	muisje:n
financiële	financieel:a
uitblijf	uitblijven:v
uitbleef	uitblijven:v
uitblijft	uitblijven:v
uitbleven	uitblijven:v
uitblijvend	uitblijven:v
uitgebleven	uitblijven:v
kredieten	krediet:n
kredietje	krediet:n
verlofje	verlof:n
uithou	uithouden:v
uithoud	uithouden:v
uithield	uithouden:v
uithoudt	uithouden:v
uithielden	uithouden:v
uithoudend	uithouden:v
uitgehouden	uithouden:v
verlagingen	verlaging:n
verlaginkje	verlaging:n
morenen	morene:n
morenes	morene:n
morre	morren:v
overzettingen	overzetting:n
voortschrijd	voortschrijden:v
voortschreed	voortschrijden:v
voortschrijdt	voortschrijden:v
voortschreden	voortschrijden:v
voortschrijdend	voortschrijden:v
voortgeschreden	voortschrijden:v
zalfde	zalven:v
zalft	zalven:v
zalfden	zalven:v
zalvend	zalven:v
gezalfd	zalven:v
kerststerren	kerstster:n
kerststerretje	kerstster:n
kwaadschikse	kwaadschiks:a
erfje	erf:n
weerde	weren:v
weert	weren:v
weerden	weren:v
werend	weren:v
geweerd	weren:v
arrensleeën	arrenslee:n
arrensleetje	arrenslee:n
engelachtiger	engelachtig:a
engelachtigst	engelachtig:a
engelachtige	engelachtig:a
engelachtigere	engelachtig:a
engelachtigste	engelachtig:a
sandwichmannen	sandwichman:n
sandwichmannetje	sandwichman:n
Zeeuwser	Zeeuws:a
Zeeuwst	Zeeuws:a
Zeeuwse	Zeeuws:a
Zeeuwsere	Zeeuws:a
Zeeuwste	Zeeuws:a
bos	bossen:v
boste	bossen:v
bost	bossen:v
bosten	bossen:v
bossend	bossen:v
gebost	bossen:v
zomerser	zomers:a
zomerst	zomers:a
zomerse	zomers:a
zomersere	zomers:a
zomerste	zomers:a
zomeravonden	zomeravond:n
zomeravondje	zomeravond:n
lenteavonden	lenteavond:n
lenteavondje	lenteavond:n
herfstavonden	herfstavond:n
herfstavondje	herfstavond:n
winteravonden	winteravond:n
winteravondje	winteravond:n
erlangs	langs:d
flipperspelen	flipperspel:n
ketterijen	ketterij:n
ketterijtje	ketterij:n
koolhydraten	koolhydraat:n
koolhydraatje	koolhydraat:n
analfabeten	analfabeet:n
analfabeetje	analfabeet:n
cocons	cocon:n
coconnetje	cocon:n
mokte	mokken:v
mokt	mokken:v
mokten	mokken:v
mokkend	mokken:v
gemokt	mokken:v
pistaches	pistache:n
beschuiten	beschuit:n
beschuitje	beschuit:n
bloedzuigers	bloedzuiger:n
bloedzuigertje	bloedzuiger:n
kepers	keper:n
kepertje	keper:n
kaasschaven	kaasschaaf:n
kaasschaafje	kaasschaaf:n
dreadlockje	dreadlock:n
Thailanders	Thailander:n
waterboard	waterboarden:v
makte	makken:v
zaligde	zaligen:v
zaligt	zaligen:v
zaligden	zaligen:v
zaligend	zaligen:v
gezaligd	zaligen:v
ontzeg	ontzeggen:v
ontzei	ontzeggen:v
ontzegde	ontzeggen:v
ontzegt	ontzeggen:v
ontzeiden	ontzeggen:v
ontzegden	ontzeggen:v
ontzeggend	ontzeggen:v
ontzegd	ontzeggen:v
femtocandela's	femtocandela:n
banja's	banja:n
banjaatje	banja:n
welbeminde	welbemind:a
negligés	negligé:n
negligeetje	negligé:n
captcha's	captcha:n
prenten	prent:n
prentje	prent:n
volksraden	volksraad:n
gebarentalen	gebarentaal:n
gebarentaaltje	gebarentaal:n
sleeën	slee:n
sleetje	slee:n
sleeër	slee:a
sleest	slee:a
sleeë	slee:a|sleeën:v
sleeëre	slee:a
sleeste	slee:a
slee	sleeën:v
heremietkreeften	heremietkreeft:n
heremietkreeftje	heremietkreeft:n
appelflappen	appelflap:n
appelflapje	appelflap:n
padel	padellen:v
Marokkanen	Marokkaan:n
Marokkaantje	Marokkaan:n
astronomische	astronomisch:a
ka-tzetniks	ka-tzetnik:n
spinnertje	spinner:n
obuss	obus:n
obusje	obus:n
debatteer	debatteren:v
debatteerde	debatteren:v
debatteert	debatteren:v
debatteerden	debatteren:v
debatterend	debatteren:v
gedebatteerd	debatteren:v
kortstondiger	kortstondig:a
kortstondigst	kortstondig:a
kortstondige	kortstondig:a
kortstondigere	kortstondig:a
kortstondigste	kortstondig:a
liberaler	liberaal:a
liberaalst	liberaal:a
liberalere	liberaal:a
liberaalste	liberaal:a
liberalen	liberaal:n
liberaaltje	liberaal:n
neerleg	neerleggen:v
neerlegde	neerleggen:v
neerlegt	neerleggen:v
neerlegden	neerleggen:v
neerleggend	neerleggen:v
neergelegd	neerleggen:v
bestempel	bestempelen:v
bestempelde	bestempelen:v
bestempelt	bestempelen:v
bestempelden	bestempelen:v
bestempelend	bestempelen:v
bestempeld	bestempelen:v
manipuleer	manipuleren:v
manipuleerde	manipuleren:v
manipuleert	manipuleren:v
manipuleerden	manipuleren:v
manipulerend	manipuleren:v
gemanipuleerd	manipuleren:v
splitsingen	splitsing:n
splitsingetje	splitsing:n
splitsinkje	splitsing:n
hekjes	hekje:n
inlicht	inlichten:v
inlichtte	inlichten:v
inlichtten	inlichten:v
inlichtend	inlichten:v
ingelicht	inlichten:v
redacties	redactie:n
redactietje	redactie:n
presentatoren	presentator:n
presentators	presentator:n
presentatortje	presentator:n
journaals	journaal:n
journaaltje	journaal:n
journalen	journaal:n
gedetineerde	gedetineerd:a
gedetineerd	detineren:v
overtreed	overtreden:v
overtrad	overtreden:v
overtreedt	overtreden:v
overtraden	overtreden:v
overtredend	overtreden:v
horecagelegenheden	horecagelegenheid:n
horecagelegenheidje	horecagelegenheid:n
hekkensluiters	hekkensluiter:n
hekkensluitertje	hekkensluiter:n
reuzenstappen	reuzenstap:n
veilde	veilen:v
veilt	veilen:v
veilden	veilen:v
veilend	veilen:v
geveild	veilen:v
drieluiken	drieluik:n
drieluikje	drieluik:n
afsteek	afsteken:v
afstak	afsteken:v
afsteekt	afsteken:v
afstaken	afsteken:v
afstekend	afsteken:v
afgestoken	afsteken:v
schriller	schril:a
schrilst	schril:a
schrille	schril:a
schrillere	schril:a
schrilste	schril:a
tegenval	tegenvallen:v
tegenviel	tegenvallen:v
tegenvalt	tegenvallen:v
tegenvielen	tegenvallen:v
tegenvallend	tegenvallen:v
tegengevallen	tegenvallen:v
klappers	klapper:n
klappertje	klapper:n
inkrimp	inkrimpen:v
inkromp	inkrimpen:v
inkrimpt	inkrimpen:v
inkrompen	inkrimpen:v
inkrimpend	inkrimpen:v
ingekrompen	inkrimpen:v
afluister	afluisteren:v
afluisterde	afluisteren:v
afluistert	afluisteren:v
afluisterden	afluisteren:v
afluisterend	afluisteren:v
afgeluisterd	afluisteren:v
borgtochten	borgtocht:n
borgtochtje	borgtocht:n
bezoedel	bezoedelen:v
bezoedelde	bezoedelen:v
bezoedelt	bezoedelen:v
bezoedelden	bezoedelen:v
bezoedelend	bezoedelen:v
bezoedeld	bezoedelen:v
kotse	kotsen:v
oproepen	oproep:n
oproepje	oproep:n
roodverschuivingen	roodverschuiving:n
roodverschuivinkje	roodverschuiving:n
sarcastischer	sarcastisch:a
sarcastischt	sarcastisch:a
sarcastische	sarcastisch:a
sarcastischere	sarcastisch:a
sarcastischte	sarcastisch:a
singulariteiten	singulariteit:n
singulariteitje	singulariteit:n
instort	instorten:v
instortte	instorten:v
instortten	instorten:v
instortend	instorten:v
ingestort	instorten:v
evenrediger	evenredig:a
evenredigst	evenredig:a
evenredige	evenredig:a
evenredigere	evenredig:a
evenredigste	evenredig:a
borduur	borduren:v
borduurde	borduren:v
borduurt	borduren:v
borduurden	borduren:v
bordurend	borduren:v
geborduurd	borduren:v
voortborduur	voortborduren:v
voortborduurde	voortborduren:v
voortborduurt	voortborduren:v
voortborduurden	voortborduren:v
voortbordurend	voortborduren:v
voortgeborduurd	voortborduren:v
blauwverschuivingen	blauwverschuiving:n
blauwverschuivinkje	blauwverschuiving:n
vaststellingen	vaststelling:n
aanvullingen	aanvulling:n
aanvullinkje	aanvulling:n
klusje	klus:n
chronischer	chronisch:a
chronischt	chronisch:a
chronische	chronisch:a
chronischere	chronisch:a
chronischte	chronisch:a
bieb	bibliotheek:n
roestvrijer	roestvrij:a
roestvrijst	roestvrij:a
roestvrije	roestvrij:a
roestvrijere	roestvrij:a
roestvrijste	roestvrij:a
roltrappen	roltrap:n
roltrapje	roltrap:n
drempels	drempel:n
drempeltje	drempel:n
passe-partouts	passe-partout:n
passe-partoutje	passe-partout:n
slonzen	slons:n
grimassen	grimas:n
grimasje	grimas:n
afdwaal	afdwalen:v
afdwaalde	afdwalen:v
afdwaalt	afdwalen:v
afdwaalden	afdwalen:v
afdwalend	afdwalen:v
afgedwaald	afdwalen:v
beziel	bezielen:v
bezielde	bezielen:v|bezield:a
bezielt	bezielen:v
bezielden	bezielen:v
bezielend	bezielen:v
bezield	bezielen:v
doorgrond	doorgronden:v
doorgrondde	doorgronden:v
doorgrondt	doorgronden:v
doorgrondden	doorgronden:v
doorgrondend	doorgronden:v
overvloeden	overvloed:n
overvloedje	overvloed:n
fotoreportages	fotoreportage:n
babyfaces	babyface:n
babyfaceje	babyface:n
ruspe	rups:n
macarons	macaron:n
macaronnetje	macaron:n
sterrenhopen	sterrenhoop:n
sterrenhoopje	sterrenhoop:n
sterrenbeelden	sterrenbeeld:n
sterrenbeeldje	sterrenbeeld:n
hemel	hemelen:v
hemelde	hemelen:v
hemelt	hemelen:v
hemelden	hemelen:v
hemelend	hemelen:v
gehemeld	hemelen:v
hemelse	hemels:a
hemelbollen	hemelbol:n
hemelbolletje	hemelbol:n
kroppen	krop:n
kropje	krop:n
weekbladen	weekblad:n
weekblaadje	weekblad:n
karpers	karper:n
karpertje	karper:n
liane	liaan:n
mandarijnen	mandarijn:n
mandarijntje	mandarijn:n
correcties	correctie:n
correctietje	correctie:n
bruinvissen	bruinvis:n
bruinvisje	bruinvis:n
souffleurs	souffleur:n
zwaardwalvissen	zwaardwalvis:n
zwaardwalvisje	zwaardwalvis:n
vaarzen	vaars:n
vaarsje	vaars:n
docere	doceren:v
maandbladen	maandblad:n
maandblaadje	maandblad:n
ecoterroristen	ecoterrorist:n
pleegouders	pleegouder:n
pleegoudertje	pleegouder:n
glaas	glazen:v
glaasde	glazen:v
glaast	glazen:v
glaasden	glazen:v
glazend	glazen:v
geglaasd	glazen:v
wegwijzers	wegwijzer:n
wegwijzertje	wegwijzer:n
nietjesmachines	nietjesmachine:n
nietjesmachinetje	nietjesmachine:n
slabakken	slabak:n
slabakje	slabak:n
slabak	slabakken:v
kiesmannen	kiesman:n
kiesmannetje	kiesman:n
kwabben	kwab:n
kwabje	kwab:n
scharlakens	scharlaken:n
scharlakentje	scharlaken:n
natuurkundigen	natuurkundige:n
natuurkundige	natuurkundig:a
roterende	roterend:a
roterend	roteren:v
golfde	golven:v
golft	golven:v|golfen:v
golfden	golven:v
golvend	golven:v
gegolfd	golven:v
voorspelen	voorspel:n
voorspelletje	voorspel:n
rotaties	rotatie:n
rotatietje	rotatie:n
roteer	roteren:v
roteerde	roteren:v
roteert	roteren:v
roteerden	roteren:v
geroteerd	roteren:v
deiningen	deining:n
deininkje	deining:n
tegenspreek	tegenspreken:v
tegensprak	tegenspreken:v
tegenspreekt	tegenspreken:v
tegensprekend	tegenspreken:v
tegengesproken	tegenspreken:v
gierde	gieren:v
giert	gieren:v
gierden	gieren:v
gierend	gieren:v
gegierd	gieren:v
slingerde	slingeren:v
slingert	slingeren:v
slingerden	slingeren:v
slingerend	slingeren:v
geslingerd	slingeren:v
spoeltje	spoel:n
hoeksnelheden	hoeksnelheid:n
trilholten	trilholte:n
trilholtes	trilholte:n
trilholtetje	trilholte:n
kapittelen	kapittel:n
kapittels	kapittel:n
kapitteltje	kapittel:n
proosten	proost:n
proostje	proost:n
suppo's	suppo:n
suppootje	suppo:n
grammatikers	grammatiker:n
bombardementen	bombardement:n
bombardementje	bombardement:n
deontologieën	deontologie:n
overzichtelijker	overzichtelijk:a
overzichtelijkst	overzichtelijk:a
overzichtelijke	overzichtelijk:a
overzichtelijkere	overzichtelijk:a
overzichtelijkste	overzichtelijk:a
stippels	stippel:n
stippeltje	stippel:n
zakdoeken	zakdoek:n
zakdoekje	zakdoek:n
buigingen	buiging:n
buiginkje	buiging:n
speeltuinen	speeltuin:n
speeltuintje	speeltuin:n
schreefloze	schreefloos:a
challa	challe:n
royeer	royeren:v
royeerde	royeren:v
royeert	royeren:v
royeerden	royeren:v
royerend	royeren:v
geroyeerd	royeren:v
lammerde	lammeren:v
lammert	lammeren:v
lammerden	lammeren:v
lammerend	lammeren:v
gelammerd	lammeren:v
lidmaten	lidmaat:n
lidmaatje	lidmaat:n
autisten	autist:n
autistje	autist:n
weeskinderen	weeskind:n
weeskindje	weeskind:n
trilogieën	trilogie:n
trilogietje	trilogie:n
hypocrisieën	hypocrisie:n
hypocrisietje	hypocrisie:n
volslanker	volslank:a
volslankst	volslank:a
volslanke	volslank:a
volslankere	volslank:a
volslankste	volslank:a
leverworsten	leverworst:n
leverworstje	leverworst:n
meeneem	meenemen:v
meenam	meenemen:v
meeneemt	meenemen:v
meenamen	meenemen:v
meenemend	meenemen:v
meegenomen	meenemen:v
billenkoeken	billenkoek:n
billenkoekje	billenkoek:n
zins	zin:n
kookhokken	kookhok:n
kookhokje	kookhok:n
zeide	zeggen:v
dankzeggingen	dankzegging:n
dankzegginkje	dankzegging:n
bemoedig	bemoedigen:v
bemoedigde	bemoedigen:v
bemoedigt	bemoedigen:v
bemoedigden	bemoedigen:v
bemoedigend	bemoedigen:v
bemoedigd	bemoedigen:v
waarachtiger	waarachtig:a
waarachtigst	waarachtig:a
waarachtige	waarachtig:a
waarachtigere	waarachtig:a
waarachtigste	waarachtig:a
farizeeërs	farizeeër:n
farizeeën	farizeeër:n
farizeeërtje	farizeeër:n
waaide	waaien:v
waait	waaien:v
waaiden	waaien:v
waaiend	waaien:v
gewaaid	waaien:v
woei	waaien:v
woeien	waaien:v
velde	vellen:v|veld:n
velt	vellen:v
vellend	vellen:v
geveld	vellen:v
zaaiers	zaaier:n
zaaiertje	zaaier:n
maaiers	maaier:n
maaiertje	maaier:n
consumeer	consumeren:v
consumeerde	consumeren:v
consumeert	consumeren:v
consumeerden	consumeren:v
consumerend	consumeren:v
geconsumeerd	consumeren:v
gastvrijer	gastvrij:a
gastvrijst	gastvrij:a
gastvrije	gastvrij:a
gastvrijere	gastvrij:a
gastvrijste	gastvrij:a
hovelingen	hoveling:n
hovelingetje	hoveling:n
typischer	typisch:a
typischt	typisch:a
typische	typisch:a
typischere	typisch:a
typischte	typisch:a
tegemoetkom	tegemoetkomen:v
tegemoetkwam	tegemoetkomen:v
tegemoetkomt	tegemoetkomen:v
tegemoetkwamen	tegemoetkomen:v
tegemoetkomend	tegemoetkomen:v
tegemoetgekomen	tegemoetkomen:v
huisgenoten	huisgenoot:n
huisgenootje	huisgenoot:n
wondertekenen	wonderteken:n
wondertekens	wonderteken:n
wondertekentje	wonderteken:n
erdoor	door:d
voorrechten	voorrecht:n
voorrechtje	voorrecht:n
goedheden	goedheid:n
grootheden	grootheid:n
grootheidje	grootheid:n
overstelp	overstelpen:v
overstelpte	overstelpen:v
overstelpt	overstelpen:v
overstelpten	overstelpen:v
overstelpend	overstelpen:v
aarzel	aarzelen:v
aarzelde	aarzelen:v
aarzelt	aarzelen:v
aarzelden	aarzelen:v
aarzelend	aarzelen:v
geaarzeld	aarzelen:v
logeer	logeren:v
logeerde	logeren:v
logeert	logeren:v
logeerden	logeren:v
logerend	logeren:v
gelogeerd	logeren:v
bovengemiddelde	bovengemiddeld:a
videoclips	videoclip:n
videoclipje	videoclip:n
naamborden	naambord:n
naambordje	naambord:n
Catalaanser	Catalaans:a
Catalaanst	Catalaans:a
Catalaanse	Catalaans:a|Catalaan:n
Catalaansere	Catalaans:a
Catalaanste	Catalaans:a
ansjovissen	ansjovis:n
ansjovisje	ansjovis:n
vloeistoffen	vloeistof:n
vloeistofje	vloeistof:n
seksueler	seksueel:a
seksueelst	seksueel:a
seksuele	seksueel:a
seksuelere	seksueel:a
seksueelste	seksueel:a
doorsneden	doorsnede:n|doorsnijden:v|doorsnee:n
doorsnedes	doorsnede:n
doorsneetje	doorsnede:n|doorsnee:n
doorsnede	doorsnijden:v
laders	lader:n
repen	reep:n
reepje	reep:n
klokke	klok:n|klokken:v
mank	manken:v
mankte	manken:v
mankt	manken:v
mankten	manken:v
mankend	manken:v
gemankt	manken:v
kluister	kluisteren:v
kluisterde	kluisteren:v
kluistert	kluisteren:v
kluisterden	kluisteren:v
kluisterend	kluisteren:v
gekluisterd	kluisteren:v
abstrahere	abstraheren:v
waarlangs	langs:d
wisselspanningen	wisselspanning:n
wisselspanninkje	wisselspanning:n
gelijkspanningen	gelijkspanning:n
gelijkspanninkje	gelijkspanning:n
wisselstromen	wisselstroom:n
wisselstroompje	wisselstroom:n
gelijkstromen	gelijkstroom:n
gelijkstroompje	gelijkstroom:n
monovolumes	monovolume:n
patés	paté:n
pateetje	paté:n
dage	dagen:v|dag:n
pikke	pikken:v
onderbuiken	onderbuik:n
onderbuikje	onderbuik:n
ijdeler	ijdel:a
ijdelst	ijdel:a
ijdele	ijdel:a
ijdelere	ijdel:a
ijdelste	ijdel:a
snurk	snurken:v
snurkte	snurken:v
snurkt	snurken:v
snurkten	snurken:v
snurkend	snurken:v
gesnurkt	snurken:v
strande	stranden:v
maaltekens	maalteken:n
maaltekentje	maalteken:n
huurlingen	huurling:n
huurlingetje	huurling:n
vrijgezellen	vrijgezel:n
vrijgezelletje	vrijgezel:n
vrijgezelle	vrijgezel:a
fysische	fysisch:a
steelser	steels:a
steelst	steels:a
steelse	steels:a
steelsere	steels:a
steelste	steels:a
rechtvaardigheden	rechtvaardigheid:n
bolletjes	bolletje:n
pittoresque	pittoresk:a
amnesieën	amnesie:n
amnesietje	amnesie:n
snorde	snorren:v
snorden	snorren:v
snorrend	snorren:v
gesnord	snorren:v
viseer	viseren:v
viseerde	viseren:v
viseert	viseren:v
viseerden	viseren:v
viserend	viseren:v
geviseerd	viseren:v
boutades	boutade:n
stratovulkanen	stratovulkaan:n
bloemisten	bloemist:n
bloemistje	bloemist:n
tolk	tolken:v
tolkte	tolken:v
tolkt	tolken:v
tolkten	tolken:v
tolkend	tolken:v
getolkt	tolken:v
kagen	kaag:n
colberts	colbert:n
antifibrinolyticums	antifibrinolyticum:n
antifibrinolytica	antifibrinolyticum:n
antifibrinolyticumpje	antifibrinolyticum:n
riddere	ridderen:v
accusativi	accusativus:n
accusativussen	accusativus:n
ener	een:t
gnomen	gnoom:n
kalfde	kalven:v
kalft	kalven:v
kalfden	kalven:v
kalvend	kalven:v
gekalfd	kalven:v
kalve	kalven:v
prijskaartjes	prijskaartje:n
jubilea	jubileum:n
jubileumpje	jubileum:n
bom	bommen:v
bomde	bommen:v
bomt	bommen:v
bomden	bommen:v
bommend	bommen:v
gebomd	bommen:v
airconditionings	airconditioning:n
verzette	verzetten:v
verzettend	verzetten:v
schijtlaarzen	schijtlaars:n
schijtlaarsje	schijtlaars:n
laarsde	laarzen:v
laarst	laarzen:v|laar:a
laarsden	laarzen:v
laarzend	laarzen:v
gelaarsd	laarzen:v
gelaarsde	gelaarsd:a
ageer	ageren:v
ageerde	ageren:v
ageert	ageren:v
ageerden	ageren:v
agerend	ageren:v
geageerd	ageren:v
borstels	borstel:n
borsteltje	borstel:n
papegaai	papegaaien:v
papegaaide	papegaaien:v
papegaait	papegaaien:v
papegaaiden	papegaaien:v
papegaaiend	papegaaien:v
gepapegaaid	papegaaien:v
damme	dammen:v
mot	motten:v
motte	motten:v
mottend	motten:v
gemot	motten:v
epifanieën	epifanie:n
epifanietje	epifanie:n
dasspelden	dasspeld:n
dasspeldje	dasspeld:n
wenskaarten	wenskaart:n
zwaantjes	zwaantje:n
verdovingen	verdoving:n
verdovinkje	verdoving:n
baders	bader:n
badertje	bader:n
fysici	fysicus:n
fysicusje	fysicus:n
vrachtkonvooien	vrachtkonvooi:n
vrachtkonvooitje	vrachtkonvooi:n
verpest	verpesten:v
verpestte	verpesten:v
verpestten	verpesten:v
verpestend	verpesten:v
brandstichters	brandstichter:n
brandstichtertje	brandstichter:n
banketten	banket:n
banketje	banket:n
bengel	bengelen:v
bengelde	bengelen:v
bengelt	bengelen:v
bengelden	bengelen:v
bengelend	bengelen:v
gebengeld	bengelen:v
blenderde	blenderen:v
blendert	blenderen:v
blenderden	blenderen:v
blenderend	blenderen:v
geblenderd	blenderen:v
anesthesieën	anesthesie:n
superclusters	supercluster:n
drammers	drammer:n
drammertje	drammer:n
bonsde	bonzen:v
bonst	bonzen:v
bonsden	bonzen:v
bonzend	bonzen:v
gebonsd	bonzen:v
zweepslagen	zweepslag:n
zweepslagje	zweepslag:n
schaal	schalen:v
schaalde	schalen:v
schaalt	schalen:v
schaalden	schalen:v
schalend	schalen:v
geschaald	schalen:v
aardewerken	aardewerk:n
kruiken	kruik:n
kruikje	kruik:n
breekbaarder	breekbaar:a
breekbaarst	breekbaar:a
breekbare	breekbaar:a
breekbaardere	breekbaar:a
breekbaarste	breekbaar:a
glasachtiger	glasachtig:a
glasachtigst	glasachtig:a
glasachtige	glasachtig:a
glasachtigere	glasachtig:a
glasachtigste	glasachtig:a
weegje	weeg:n
grassprieten	grasspriet:n
grassprietje	grasspriet:n
kwantoren	kwantor:n
kwantortje	kwantor:n
deelverzamelingen	deelverzameling:n
deelverzamelingetje	deelverzameling:n
böreks	börek:n
börekje	börek:n
waarschijnlijkheden	waarschijnlijkheid:n
waarschijnlijkheidje	waarschijnlijkheid:n
dobbel	dobbelen:v
dobbelde	dobbelen:v
dobbelt	dobbelen:v
dobbelden	dobbelen:v
dobbelend	dobbelen:v
gedobbeld	dobbelen:v
kansrekeningen	kansrekening:n
kansrekeningetje	kansrekening:n
resp.	respectievelijk:a
vlechtje	vlecht:n
drogredenen	drogreden:n
drogredentje	drogreden:n
driehoekiger	driehoekig:a
driehoekigst	driehoekig:a
driehoekige	driehoekig:a
driehoekigere	driehoekig:a
driehoekigste	driehoekig:a
stopborden	stopbord:n
stopbordje	stopbord:n
verkeersborden	verkeersbord:n
verkeersbordje	verkeersbord:n
schoolborden	schoolbord:n
schoolbordje	schoolbord:n
bordenwissers	bordenwisser:n
bordenwissertje	bordenwisser:n
wissers	wisser:n
wissertje	wisser:n
ruitenwissers	ruitenwisser:n
ruitenwissertje	ruitenwisser:n
ruitens	ruiten:n
ruitentje	ruiten:n
klemborden	klembord:n
klembordje	klembord:n
Egyptischer	Egyptisch:a
Egyptischt	Egyptisch:a
Egyptische	Egyptisch:a
Egyptischere	Egyptisch:a
Egyptischte	Egyptisch:a
aftrappen	aftrap:n
aftrapje	aftrap:n
aanmeer	aanmeren:v
aanmeerde	aanmeren:v
aanmeert	aanmeren:v
aanmeerden	aanmeren:v
aanmerend	aanmeren:v
aangemeerd	aanmeren:v
feestelijkheden	feestelijkheid:n
feestelijkheidje	feestelijkheid:n
honingbijen	honingbij:n
honingbijtje	honingbij:n
voorgaande	voorgaand:a
voorgaand	voorgaan:v
deplorabeler	deplorabel:a
deplorabelst	deplorabel:a
deplorabele	deplorabel:a
deplorabelere	deplorabel:a
deplorabelste	deplorabel:a
trekvaarten	trekvaart:n
trekvaartje	trekvaart:n
ongerepter	ongerept:a
ongereptst	ongerept:a
ongerepte	ongerept:a
ongereptere	ongerept:a
ongereptste	ongerept:a
valkeniers	valkenier:n
valkeniertje	valkenier:n
destillaties	destillatie:n
aaseters	aaseter:n
aasetertje	aaseter:n
zelfgemaakte	zelfgemaakt:a
officieuzer	officieus:a
officieust	officieus:a
officieuze	officieus:a
officieuzere	officieus:a
officieuste	officieus:a
gitaristen	gitarist:n
gitaristje	gitarist:n
toetsenisten	toetsenist:n
toetsenistje	toetsenist:n
onbegeleide	onbegeleid:a
stuwende	stuwend:a
eendjes	eendje:n
geuzennamen	geuzennaam:n
geuzennaampje	geuzennaam:n
cabrio's	cabrio:n
cabriootje	cabrio:n
gaad	gaden:v
gaadde	gaden:v
gaadt	gaden:v
gaadden	gaden:v
gadend	gaden:v
gegaad	gaden:v
nekte	nekken:v
nekt	nekken:v
nekten	nekken:v
nekkend	nekken:v
genekt	nekken:v
coryfeeën	coryfee:n
coryfeetje	coryfee:n
tuchtig	tuchtigen:v
tuchtigde	tuchtigen:v
tuchtigt	tuchtigen:v
tuchtigden	tuchtigen:v
tuchtigend	tuchtigen:v
getuchtigd	tuchtigen:v
uitnodigingen	uitnodiging:n
uitnodigingetje	uitnodiging:n
nagellakken	nagellak:n
nagellakje	nagellak:n
versterkers	versterker:n
versterkertje	versterker:n
booglampen	booglamp:n
booglampje	booglamp:n
noordelingen	noordeling:n
noordelingetje	noordeling:n
Noords	Noors:a|noords:a
aartshertogen	aartshertog:n
aartshertogje	aartshertog:n
aartshertogdommen	aartshertogdom:n
aartshertogdommetje	aartshertogdom:n
hertogdommen	hertogdom:n
hertogdommetje	hertogdom:n
nestelingen	nesteling:n
nestelingetje	nesteling:n
werkmannen	werkman:n
werklieden	werkman:n
werklui	werkman:n
werkmannetje	werkman:n
burggraven	burggraaf:n
burggraafje	burggraaf:n
obsessieve	obsessief:a
hop	hoppen:v
hopte	hoppen:v
hopt	hoppen:v
hopten	hoppen:v
hoppend	hoppen:v
gehopt	hoppen:v
overgrootouders	overgrootouder:n
overgrootoudertje	overgrootouder:n
overgrootvaders	overgrootvader:n
overgrootvadertje	overgrootvader:n
overgrootmoeders	overgrootmoeder:n
overgrootmoedertje	overgrootmoeder:n
vetzuren	vetzuur:n
vetzuurtje	vetzuur:n
begeleid	begeleiden:v
begeleidde	begeleiden:v
begeleidt	begeleiden:v
begeleidden	begeleiden:v
begeleidend	begeleiden:v
opleid	opleiden:v
opleidde	opleiden:v
opleidt	opleiden:v
opleidden	opleiden:v
opleidend	opleiden:v
opgeleid	opleiden:v
touchscreens	touchscreen:n
touchscreentje	touchscreen:n
ergerde	ergeren:v
ergert	ergeren:v
ergerden	ergeren:v
ergerend	ergeren:v
geërgerd	ergeren:v
brandpuntsafstanden	brandpuntsafstand:n
wasmanden	wasmand:n
wasmandje	wasmand:n
gamede	gamen:v
gamet	gamen:v
gameden	gamen:v
gamend	gamen:v
gegamed	gamen:v
kinderloze	kinderloos:a
korsetten	korset:n
korsets	korset:n
korsetje	korset:n
gematigden	gematigde:n
martelaressen	martelares:n
martelaresje	martelares:n
losbandiger	losbandig:a
losbandigst	losbandig:a
losbandige	losbandig:a
losbandigere	losbandig:a
losbandigste	losbandig:a
bordelen	bordeel:n
bordeeltje	bordeel:n
labbere	labber:a
levere	leveren:v
toneellaarzen	toneellaars:n
toneellaarsje	toneellaars:n
tonelen	toneel:n
toneeltje	toneel:n
toneelknechten	toneelknecht:n
toneelknechtje	toneelknecht:n
veeknechten	veeknecht:n
veeknechtje	veeknecht:n
maarde	maren:v
maarden	maren:v
marend	maren:v
gemaard	maren:v
lustte	lusten:v
lustten	lusten:v
lustend	lusten:v
gelust	lusten:v
valenties	valentie:n
pils	pilsen:v
pilste	pilsen:v
pilst	pilsen:v
pilsten	pilsen:v
pilsend	pilsen:v
gepilst	pilsen:v
plaggen	plag:n
plagje	plag:n
e-readers	e-reader:n
humeuriger	humeurig:a
humeurigst	humeurig:a
humeurige	humeurig:a
humeurigere	humeurig:a
humeurigste	humeurig:a
dynastieën	dynastie:n
dynastietje	dynastie:n
peranakans	peranakan:n
peranakantje	peranakan:n
gonze	gonzen:v
skeerder	skeer:a
skeerst	skeer:a
skere	skeer:a
skeerdere	skeer:a
skeerste	skeer:a
celstraffen	celstraf:n
celstrafje	celstraf:n
ontsluier	ontsluieren:v
ontsluierde	ontsluieren:v
ontsluiert	ontsluieren:v
ontsluierden	ontsluieren:v
ontsluierend	ontsluieren:v
ontsluierd	ontsluieren:v
defilés	defilé:n
defileetje	defilé:n
tirannieker	tiranniek:a
tiranniekst	tiranniek:a
tirannieke	tiranniek:a
tiranniekere	tiranniek:a
tiranniekste	tiranniek:a
broekschijters	broekschijter:n
broekschijtertje	broekschijter:n
stang	stangen:v
stangde	stangen:v
stangt	stangen:v
stangden	stangen:v
stangend	stangen:v
gestangd	stangen:v
strop	stroppen:v
stropte	stroppen:v
stropt	stroppen:v
stropten	stroppen:v
stroppend	stroppen:v
gestropt	stroppen:v
topte	toppen:v
topt	toppen:v
topten	toppen:v
toppend	toppen:v
getopt	toppen:v
dioxyde	dioxide:n
wentel	wentelen:v
wentelde	wentelen:v
wentelt	wentelen:v
wentelden	wentelen:v
wentelend	wentelen:v
gewenteld	wentelen:v
hokken	hok:n
hok	hokken:v
vand	vanden:v
vandde	vanden:v
vandt	vanden:v
vandden	vanden:v
vandend	vanden:v
gevand	vanden:v
dorstte	dorsten:v
dorstten	dorsten:v
dorstend	dorsten:v
gedorst	dorsten:v|dorsen:v
dorsten	dorst:n|dorsen:v|durven:v
vest	vesten:v
vestte	vesten:v
vestten	vesten:v
vestend	vesten:v
gevest	vesten:v
veteranen	veteraan:n
hommages	hommage:n
sintels	sintel:n
sinteltje	sintel:n
molochs	moloch:n
molochje	moloch:n
illustratrice	illustrator:n
liftte	liften:v
liftten	liften:v
liftend	liften:v
gelift	liften:v
nieuwsbrieven	nieuwsbrief:n
nieuwsbriefje	nieuwsbrief:n
terugbel	terugbellen:v
terugbelde	terugbellen:v
terugbelt	terugbellen:v
terugbelden	terugbellen:v
terugbellend	terugbellen:v
teruggebeld	terugbellen:v
meuren	meur:n
meurtje	meur:n
meur	meuren:v
milonga's	milonga:n
milongaatje	milonga:n
poolsterren	poolster:n
poolsterretje	poolster:n
geothermen	geotherm:n
onderdanen	onderdaan:n
onderdaantje	onderdaan:n
verzink	verzinken:v
verzonk	verzinken:v
verzinkt	verzinken:v
verzonken	verzinken:v
verzinkend	verzinken:v
verzinkte	verzinken:v
verzinkten	verzinken:v
nazaten	nazaat:n
nazaatje	nazaat:n
kariger	karig:a
karigst	karig:a
karige	karig:a
karigere	karig:a
karigste	karig:a
versierselen	versiersel:n
versiersels	versiersel:n
versierseltje	versiersel:n
losten	lossen:v
lossend	lossen:v
gelost	lossen:v
fraaier	fraai:a
fraaist	fraai:a
fraaie	fraai:a
fraaiere	fraai:a
fraaiste	fraai:a
tweetallen	tweetal:n
tweetalletje	tweetal:n
inluid	inluiden:v
inluidde	inluiden:v
inluidt	inluiden:v
inluidden	inluiden:v
inluidend	inluiden:v
ingeluid	inluiden:v
voorga	voorgaan:v
voorging	voorgaan:v
voorgaat	voorgaan:v
voorgingen	voorgaan:v
voorgegaan	voorgaan:v
recensies	recensie:n
recensietje	recensie:n
onachtzaamheden	onachtzaamheid:n
onachtzaamheidje	onachtzaamheid:n
aandring	aandringen:v
aandrong	aandringen:v
aandringt	aandringen:v
aandrongen	aandringen:v
aandringend	aandringen:v
aangedrongen	aandringen:v
kettinglijnen	kettinglijn:n
kettinglijntje	kettinglijn:n
onuitrekbaarder	onuitrekbaar:a
onuitrekbaarst	onuitrekbaar:a
onuitrekbare	onuitrekbaar:a
onuitrekbaardere	onuitrekbaar:a
onuitrekbaarste	onuitrekbaar:a
proefschriften	proefschrift:n
proefschriftje	proefschrift:n
verhevener	verheven:a
verhevenst	verheven:a
verhevenste	verheven:a
luchtiger	luchtig:a
luchtigst	luchtig:a
luchtige	luchtig:a
luchtigere	luchtig:a
luchtigste	luchtig:a
fluitketels	fluitketel:n
fluitketeltje	fluitketel:n
dystopieën	dystopie:n
dystopietje	dystopie:n
consumenten	consument:n
consumentje	consument:n
doelverdedigers	doelverdediger:n
almachtiger	almachtig:a
almachtigst	almachtig:a
almachtige	almachtig:a
almachtigere	almachtig:a
almachtigste	almachtig:a
repetere	repeteren:v
betalers	betaler:n
vampiers	vampier:n
vampiertje	vampier:n
vrijwilligers	vrijwilliger:n
vrijwilligertje	vrijwilliger:n
vrijwilliger	vrijwillig:a
vrijwillige	vrijwillig:a
centralisten	centralist:n
atleten	atleet:n
onthoofd	onthoofden:v
onthoofdde	onthoofden:v
onthoofdt	onthoofden:v
onthoofdden	onthoofden:v
onthoofdend	onthoofden:v
bilnaden	bilnaad:n
bilnaadje	bilnaad:n
naadje	naad:n
weeshuizen	weeshuis:n
weeshuisje	weeshuis:n
knapte	knappen:v
knapt	knappen:v
knapten	knappen:v
knappend	knappen:v
geknapt	knappen:v
dalers	daler:n
daler	daalder:n
nok	nokken:v
nokte	nokken:v
nokt	nokken:v
nokten	nokken:v
nokkend	nokken:v
genokt	nokken:v
profeten	profeet:n
blussers	blusser:n
blussertje	blusser:n
redende	redenen:v
redent	redenen:v
redenden	redenen:v
redenend	redenen:v
geredend	redenen:v
akten	akte:n
maatstrepen	maatstreep:n
maatstreepje	maatstreep:n
monturen	montuur:n
montuurtje	montuur:n
hunnen	hun:t
denkbeelden	denkbeeld:n
denkbeeldje	denkbeeld:n
stafje	staf:n
boeke	boeken:v
boeketten	boeket:n
boeketje	boeket:n
kindermishandelingen	kindermishandeling:n
huia's	huia:n
volleyballers	volleyballer:n
volleyballertje	volleyballer:n
popsterren	popster:n
popsterretje	popster:n
troeteldieren	troeteldier:n
troeteldiertje	troeteldier:n
webloggers	weblogger:n
maile	mailen:v
remde	remmen:v
remt	remmen:v
remden	remmen:v
remmend	remmen:v
geremd	remmen:v
remme	remmen:v
bitter	bitteren:v
bitterde	bitteren:v
bittert	bitteren:v
bitterden	bitteren:v
bitterend	bitteren:v
gebitterd	bitteren:v
adembenemender	adembenemend:a
adembenemendst	adembenemend:a
adembenemende	adembenemend:a
adembenemendere	adembenemend:a
adembenemendste	adembenemend:a
bestolen	bestelen:v
onzekerheden	onzekerheid:n
onzekerheidje	onzekerheid:n
onveiligheden	onveiligheid:n
geven	geef:n
terugkijk	terugkijken:v
terugkeek	terugkijken:v
terugkijkt	terugkijken:v
terugkeken	terugkijken:v
terugkijkend	terugkijken:v
teruggekeken	terugkijken:v
korhanen	korhaan:n
schuiten	schuit:n
schuitje	schuit:n
bussend	bussen:v
gebust	bussen:v
bestudeer	bestuderen:v
bestudeerde	bestuderen:v
bestudeert	bestuderen:v
bestudeerden	bestuderen:v
bestuderend	bestuderen:v
bestudeerd	bestuderen:v
doorvallende	doorvallend:a
technieken	techniek:n
techniekje	techniek:n
dinosauriërs	dinosauriër:n
dinosauriërtje	dinosauriër:n
verduidelijk	verduidelijken:v
verduidelijkte	verduidelijken:v
verduidelijkt	verduidelijken:v
verduidelijkten	verduidelijken:v
verduidelijkend	verduidelijken:v
bedelf	bedelven:v
bedolf	bedelven:v
bedelft	bedelven:v
bedolven	bedelven:v
bedelvend	bedelven:v
omklem	omklemmen:v
omklemde	omklemmen:v
omklemt	omklemmen:v
omklemden	omklemmen:v
omklemmend	omklemmen:v
omklemd	omklemmen:v
vogelachtiger	vogelachtig:a
vogelachtigst	vogelachtig:a
vogelachtige	vogelachtig:a
vogelachtigere	vogelachtig:a
vogelachtigste	vogelachtig:a
borstbeenderen	borstbeen:n
borstbenen	borstbeen:n
borstbeentje	borstbeen:n
schaambeenderen	schaambeen:n
schaambenen	schaambeen:n
schaambeentje	schaambeen:n
mattend	matten:v
gemat	matten:v
edelen	edele:n
zegens	zegen:n
zegentje	zegen:n
herfstmaanden	herfstmaand:n
herfstmaandje	herfstmaand:n
fiskaal	fiscaal:a|fiscaal:n
schermen	scherm:n
schermpje	scherm:n
scherm	schermen:v
emoji's	emoji:n
caserne	kazerne:n
kussengevechten	kussengevecht:n
kussengevechtje	kussengevecht:n
vors	vorsen:v
vorste	vorsen:v
vorsend	vorsen:v
gevorst	vorsen:v
vorsen	vors:n
traande	tranen:v
traant	tranen:v
traanden	tranen:v
tranend	tranen:v
getraand	tranen:v
godheden	godheid:n
godheidje	godheid:n
dapperheden	dapperheid:n
decodeer	decoderen:v
decodeerde	decoderen:v
decodeert	decoderen:v
decodeerden	decoderen:v
decoderend	decoderen:v
gedecodeerd	decoderen:v
dilettantischer	dilettantisch:a
dilettantischt	dilettantisch:a
dilettantische	dilettantisch:a
dilettantischere	dilettantisch:a
dilettantischte	dilettantisch:a
gildes	gilde:n
gilde	gillen:v
strammer	stram:a
stramst	stram:a
stramme	stram:a
strammere	stram:a
stramste	stram:a
zinkje	zink:n
gerechtelijker	gerechtelijk:a
gerechtelijkst	gerechtelijk:a
gerechtelijke	gerechtelijk:a
gerechtelijkere	gerechtelijk:a
gerechtelijkste	gerechtelijk:a
doorsnij	doorsnijden:v
doorsnijd	doorsnijden:v
doorsneed	doorsnijden:v
doorsnijdt	doorsnijden:v
doorsnijdend	doorsnijden:v
doorgesneden	doorsnijden:v
opkalefater	opkalefateren:v
opkalefaterde	opkalefateren:v
opkalefatert	opkalefateren:v
opkalefaterden	opkalefateren:v
opkalefaterend	opkalefateren:v
opgekalefaterd	opkalefateren:v
tuur	turen:v
tuurde	turen:v
tuurt	turen:v
tuurden	turen:v
turend	turen:v
getuurd	turen:v
kalke	kalken:v
synergetischer	synergetisch:a
synergetischt	synergetisch:a
Perzischer	Perzisch:a
Perzischt	Perzisch:a
Perzische	Perzisch:a
Perzischere	Perzisch:a
Perzischte	Perzisch:a
akoestischer	akoestisch:a
akoestischt	akoestisch:a
akoestische	akoestisch:a
akoestischere	akoestisch:a
akoestischte	akoestisch:a
thermale	thermaal:a
thermostaten	thermostaat:n
thermostaatje	thermostaat:n
subsidieer	subsidiëren:v
subsidieerde	subsidiëren:v
subsidieert	subsidiëren:v
subsidieerden	subsidiëren:v
subsidiërend	subsidiëren:v
gesubsidieerd	subsidiëren:v
allegorieën	allegorie:n
allegorietje	allegorie:n
lezers	lezer:n
lezertje	lezer:n
antwoordnummers	antwoordnummer:n
antwoordnummertje	antwoordnummer:n
bijtgrager	bijtgraag:a
bijtgraagst	bijtgraag:a
bijtgrage	bijtgraag:a
bijtgragere	bijtgraag:a
bijtgraagste	bijtgraag:a
biljarden	biljard:n
biljardje	biljard:n
biljard	biljart:n
takahe's	takahe:n
diplomaten	diplomaat:n
hindes	hinde:n
hindetje	hinde:n
pruim	pruimen:v
pruimde	pruimen:v
pruimt	pruimen:v
pruimden	pruimen:v
pruimend	pruimen:v
gepruimd	pruimen:v
peer	peren:v
peerde	peren:v
peert	peren:v
peerden	peren:v
perend	peren:v
gepeerd	peren:v
traneriger	tranerig:a
tranerigst	tranerig:a
tranerige	tranerig:a
tranerigere	tranerig:a
tranerigste	tranerig:a
nekslagen	nekslag:n
nekslagje	nekslag:n
beweegredenen	beweegreden:n
beweegredentje	beweegreden:n
rancunes	rancune:n
boelen	boel:n
boeltje	boel:n
balkte	balken:v
balkt	balken:v
balkten	balken:v
balkend	balken:v
gebalkt	balken:v
huilebalkte	huilebalken:v
huilebalkt	huilebalken:v
huilebalkten	huilebalken:v
huilebalkend	huilebalken:v
gehuilebalkt	huilebalken:v
ontkleeden	ontkleden:v
ontkleed	ontkleden:v
ontkleedde	ontkleden:v
ontkleedt	ontkleden:v
ontkleedden	ontkleden:v
ontkleedend	ontkleden:v
obsessiever	obsessief:a
obsessiefst	obsessief:a
obsessievere	obsessief:a
obsessiefste	obsessief:a
lagunes	lagune:n
lagunen	lagune:n
lagunetje	lagune:n
rucolaatje	rucola:n
trappe	trappen:v
compartimenten	compartiment:n
compartimentje	compartiment:n
aanbouwen	aanbouw:n
aanbouwtje	aanbouw:n
aangord	aangorden:v
aangordde	aangorden:v
aangordt	aangorden:v
aangordden	aangorden:v
aangordend	aangorden:v
aangegord	aangorden:v
aangroei	aangroeien:v
aangroeide	aangroeien:v
aangroeit	aangroeien:v
aangroeiden	aangroeien:v
aangroeiend	aangroeien:v
aangegroeid	aangroeien:v
aanheb	aanhebben:v
aanhad	aanhebben:v
aanhebt	aanhebben:v
aanheeft	aanhebben:v
aanhadden	aanhebben:v
aanhebbend	aanhebben:v
aangehad	aanhebben:v
enken	enk:n
squashers	squasher:n
squashertje	squasher:n
korpsen	korps:n
korpsje	korps:n
statischer	statisch:a
statischt	statisch:a
statische	statisch:a
statischere	statisch:a
statischte	statisch:a
industriëler	industrieel:a
industrieelst	industrieel:a
industriële	industrieel:a
industriëlere	industrieel:a
industrieelste	industrieel:a
industriëlen	industrieel:n
industrieeltje	industrieel:n
knuffels	knuffel:n
knuffeltje	knuffel:n
nulliteiten	nulliteit:n
nulliteitje	nulliteit:n
belegener	belegen:a
belegenst	belegen:a
belegenste	belegen:a
boge	buigen:v|bogen:v
teleologische	teleologisch:a
vernissen	vernis:n
vernisje	vernis:n
aanhits	aanhitsen:v
aanhitste	aanhitsen:v
aanhitst	aanhitsen:v
aanhitsten	aanhitsen:v
aanhitsend	aanhitsen:v
aangehitst	aanhitsen:v
aanknoop	aanknopen:v
aanknoopte	aanknopen:v
aanknoopt	aanknopen:v
aanknoopten	aanknopen:v
aanknopend	aanknopen:v
aangeknoopt	aanknopen:v
aanlach	aanlachen:v
aanlachte	aanlachen:v
aanlacht	aanlachen:v
aanlachten	aanlachen:v
aanlachend	aanlachen:v
aangelachen	aanlachen:v
aanlokkelijkheden	aanlokkelijkheid:n
aanlokkelijkheidje	aanlokkelijkheid:n
aanmatigingen	aanmatiging:n
aanmatiginkje	aanmatiging:n
aanmerkelijker	aanmerkelijk:a
aanmerkelijkst	aanmerkelijk:a
aanmerkelijke	aanmerkelijk:a
aanmerkelijkere	aanmerkelijk:a
aanmerkelijkste	aanmerkelijk:a
aanneembaarder	aanneembaar:a
aanneembaarst	aanneembaar:a
aanneembare	aanneembaar:a
aanneembaardere	aanneembaar:a
aanneembaarste	aanneembaar:a
aansprakelijke	aansprakelijk:a
aanstaande	aanstaand:a
aanwend	aanwenden:v
aanwendde	aanwenden:v
aanwendt	aanwenden:v
aanwendden	aanwenden:v
aanwendend	aanwenden:v
aangewend	aanwenden:v
achteropkom	achteropkomen:v
achteropkwam	achteropkomen:v
achteropkomt	achteropkomen:v
achteropkwamen	achteropkomen:v
achteropkomend	achteropkomen:v
achteropgekomen	achteropkomen:v
adelbrieven	adelbrief:n
adelbriefje	adelbrief:n
afdoende	afdoend:a
afhandel	afhandelen:v
afhandelde	afhandelen:v
afhandelt	afhandelen:v
afhandelden	afhandelen:v
afhandelend	afhandelen:v
afgehandeld	afhandelen:v
afschilder	afschilderen:v
afschilderde	afschilderen:v
afschildert	afschilderen:v
afschilderden	afschilderen:v
afschilderend	afschilderen:v
afgeschilderd	afschilderen:v
Amsterdammers	Amsterdammer:n
Amsterdammertje	Amsterdammer:n
anjelieren	anjelier:n
anjeliertje	anjelier:n
anjers	anjer:n
anjertje	anjer:n
apothekers	apotheker:n
apothekertje	apotheker:n
argelozer	argeloos:a
argeloost	argeloos:a
argeloze	argeloos:a
argelozere	argeloos:a
argelooste	argeloos:a
armoe	armoede:n
balsems	balsem:n
balsempje	balsem:n
banaalst	banaal:a
banale	banaal:a
banalere	banaal:a
banaalste	banaal:a
beangstig	beangstigen:v
beangstigde	beangstigen:v
beangstigt	beangstigen:v
beangstigden	beangstigen:v
beangstigend	beangstigen:v
beangstigd	beangstigen:v
bedroefder	bedroefd:a
bedroefdst	bedroefd:a
bedroefde	bedroefd:a|bedroeven:v
bedroefdere	bedroefd:a
bedroefdste	bedroefd:a
bedroefd	bedroeven:v
beeld	beelden:v
beeldde	beelden:v
beeldt	beelden:v
beeldden	beelden:v
beeldend	beelden:v
gebeeld	beelden:v
beeldjes	beeldje:n
beging	begaan:v
begaat	begaan:v
begingen	begaan:v
begaand	begaan:v
behaaglijkheden	behaaglijkheid:n
behaaglijkheidje	behaaglijkheid:n
behendigheden	behendigheid:n
bejaag	bejagen:v
bejoeg	bejagen:v
bejaagt	bejagen:v
bejoegen	bejagen:v
bejagend	bejagen:v
bejaagd	bejagen:v
bejaagde	bejagen:v
bejaagden	bejagen:v
bekentenissen	bekentenis:n
bekentenisje	bekentenis:n
bekleed	bekleden:v
bekleedde	bekleden:v
bekleedt	bekleden:v
bekleedden	bekleden:v
bekledend	bekleden:v
bekom	bekomen:v
bekwam	bekomen:v
bekomt	bekomen:v
bekomend	bekomen:v
bekoor	bekoren:v
bekoorde	bekoren:v
bekoort	bekoren:v
bekoorden	bekoren:v
bekorend	bekoren:v
bekoord	bekoren:v
bekort	bekorten:v
bekortte	bekorten:v
bekortten	bekorten:v
bekortend	bekorten:v
bekwamer	bekwaam:a
bekwaamst	bekwaam:a
bekwame	bekwaam:a|bekomen:v|bekwamen:v
bekwamere	bekwaam:a
bekwaamste	bekwaam:a
beleefdheden	beleefdheid:n
beleefdheidje	beleefdheid:n
belemmeringen	belemmering:n
belemmerinkje	belemmering:n
belet	beletten:v
belettend	beletten:v
beliefde	believen:v
belieft	believen:v
beliefden	believen:v
believend	believen:v
beliefd	believen:v
beminnelijker	beminnelijk:a
beminnelijkst	beminnelijk:a
beminnelijke	beminnelijk:a
beminnelijkere	beminnelijk:a
beminnelijkste	beminnelijk:a
bemin	beminnen:v
beminde	beminnen:v
bemint	beminnen:v
beminden	beminnen:v|beminde:n
beminnend	beminnen:v
bemind	beminnen:v
stokte	stokken:v
stokt	stokken:v
stokten	stokken:v
stokkend	stokken:v
gestokt	stokken:v
stokjes	stokje:n
schorten	schort:n
schortje	schort:n
ontzilt	ontzilten:v
ontziltte	ontzilten:v
ontziltten	ontzilten:v
ontziltend	ontzilten:v
babyboomers	babyboomer:n
babyboomertje	babyboomer:n
proletaries	proletarisch:a
verzure	verzuren:v
copyshops	copyshop:n
piren	pireng:n
coupuren	coupure:n
coupuretje	coupure:n
idyllen	idylle:n
bepraat	bepraten:v
bepraatte	bepraten:v
bepraatten	bepraten:v
bepratend	bepraten:v
onderlichamen	onderlichaam:n
onderlichaampje	onderlichaam:n
berisp	berispen:v
berispte	berispen:v
berispt	berispen:v
berispten	berispen:v
berispend	berispen:v
beroer	beroeren:v
beroerde	beroeren:v|beroerd:a
beroert	beroeren:v
beroerden	beroeren:v
beroerend	beroeren:v
beroerd	beroeren:v
berokken	berokkenen:v
berokkende	berokkenen:v
berokkent	berokkenen:v
berokkenden	berokkenen:v
berokkenend	berokkenen:v
berokkend	berokkenen:v
beschaamder	beschaamd:a
beschaamdst	beschaamd:a
beschaamde	beschaamd:a|beschamen:v
beschaamdere	beschaamd:a
beschaamdste	beschaamd:a
besterf	besterven:v
bestierf	besterven:v
besterft	besterven:v
bestierven	besterven:v
bestervend	besterven:v
bestorven	besterven:v
bestieren	besturen:v
bestijg	bestijgen:v
besteeg	bestijgen:v
bestijgt	bestijgen:v
bestegen	bestijgen:v
bestijgend	bestijgen:v
bestraal	bestralen:v
bestraalde	bestralen:v
bestraalt	bestralen:v
bestraalden	bestralen:v
bestralend	bestralen:v
bestraald	bestralen:v
betover	betoveren:v
betoverde	betoveren:v
betovert	betoveren:v
betoverden	betoveren:v
betoverd	betoveren:v
betracht	betrachten:v
betrachtte	betrachten:v
betrachtten	betrachten:v
betrachtend	betrachten:v
beurtelingse	beurtelings:a
bevalliger	bevallig:a
bevalligst	bevallig:a
bevallige	bevallig:a
bevalligere	bevallig:a
bevalligste	bevallig:a
bevorderaars	bevorderaar:n
bewaak	bewaken:v
bewaakte	bewaken:v
bewaakt	bewaken:v
bewaakten	bewaken:v
bewakend	bewaken:v
beweeglijker	beweeglijk:a
beweeglijkst	beweeglijk:a
beweeglijke	beweeglijk:a
beweeglijkere	beweeglijk:a
beweeglijkste	beweeglijk:a
bewierook	bewieroken:v
bewierookte	bewieroken:v
bewierookt	bewieroken:v
bewierookten	bewieroken:v
bewierokend	bewieroken:v
bewoon	bewonen:v
bewoont	bewonen:v
bewoonden	bewonen:v
bewonend	bewonen:v
bezin	bezinnen:v
bezon	bezinnen:v
bezint	bezinnen:v
bezonnen	bezinnen:v
bezinnend	bezinnen:v
bezwaarde	bezwaren:v
bezwaart	bezwaren:v
bezwaarden	bezwaren:v
bezwarend	bezwaren:v
bezwaard	bezwaren:v
bijvoeg	bijvoegen:v
bijvoegde	bijvoegen:v
bijvoegt	bijvoegen:v
bijvoegden	bijvoegen:v
bijvoegend	bijvoegen:v
bijgevoegd	bijvoegen:v
doornen	doorn:n
doorns	doorn:n
doorntje	doorn:n
uitblaas	uitblazen:v
uitblies	uitblazen:v
uitblaast	uitblazen:v
uitbliezen	uitblazen:v
uitblazend	uitblazen:v
uitgeblazen	uitblazen:v
jogge	joggen:v
stadiger	stadig:a
stadigst	stadig:a
stadige	stadig:a
stadigere	stadig:a
stadigste	stadig:a
Maltesetje	Maltese:n
nege	nijgen:v
beeldpunten	beeldpunt:n
beeldpuntje	beeldpunt:n
alternatieve	alternatief:a
alternatieven	alternatief:n
alternatiefje	alternatief:n
weliger	welig:a
weligst	welig:a
welige	welig:a
weligere	welig:a
weligste	welig:a
versierders	versierder:n
versierdertje	versierder:n
nihilismes	nihilisme:n
nihilismethe	nihilisme:n
dorsend	dorsen:v
ongelovigen	ongelovige:n
ongelovige	ongelovig:a
nekvellen	nekvel:n
nekvelletje	nekvel:n
bloedarmoedes	bloedarmoede:n
telegrafen	telegraaf:n
kiste	kisten:v
zont	zonnen:v|zinnen:v
zonnend	zonnen:v
kauw	kauwen:v
kauwde	kauwen:v
kauwt	kauwen:v
kauwden	kauwen:v
kauwend	kauwen:v
gekauwd	kauwen:v
kauwen	kauw:n
slordiger	slordig:a
slordigst	slordig:a
slordige	slordig:a
slordigere	slordig:a
slordigste	slordig:a
briefomslagen	briefomslag:n
briefomslagje	briefomslag:n
onzes	wij:r
tams	tam:a
salpen	salp:n
salpje	salp:n
feuten	feut:n
feutje	feut:n
faaltje	faal:n
organogram	organigram:n
voortzettingen	voortzetting:n
voortzettinkje	voortzetting:n
kwetsuren	kwetsuur:n
kwetsuurtje	kwetsuur:n
despoten	despoot:n
schaamharen	schaamhaar:n
schaamhaartje	schaamhaar:n
meditaties	meditatie:n
meditatietje	meditatie:n
plombes	plombe:n
plomben	plombe:n
plombetje	plombe:n
paleontologen	paleontoloog:n
paleontoloogje	paleontoloog:n
materiële	materieel:a
religiositeiten	religiositeit:n
verdedigbaarder	verdedigbaar:a
verdedigbaarst	verdedigbaar:a
verdedigbare	verdedigbaar:a
verdedigbaardere	verdedigbaar:a
verdedigbaarste	verdedigbaar:a
antropologische	antropologisch:a
bezweringen	bezwering:n
bezwerinkje	bezwering:n
tovenarijen	tovenarij:n
tovenarijtje	tovenarij:n
houtsneden	houtsnede:n
houtsnedes	houtsnede:n
fluiters	fluiter:n
fluitertje	fluiter:n
herdenkingen	herdenking:n
herdenkinkje	herdenking:n
kapitaalmarkten	kapitaalmarkt:n
geldmarkten	geldmarkt:n
rommelmarkten	rommelmarkt:n
rommelmarktje	rommelmarkt:n
pakke	pakken:v
pakketten	pakket:n
pakketje	pakket:n
adverteerders	adverteerder:n
adverteerdertje	adverteerder:n
gedwongener	gedwongen:a
gedwongenst	gedwongen:a
gedwongenste	gedwongen:a
zwarten	zwarte:n
facebookers	facebooker:n
kwartieren	kwartier:n
kwartiertje	kwartier:n
geografische	geografisch:a
herontdekkingen	herontdekking:n
herontdekkinkje	herontdekking:n
20e	twintigste:a
dekselse	deksels:a
xenofobieën	xenofobie:n
xenofobietje	xenofobie:n
boosts	boost:n
verrijzenissen	verrijzenis:n
predikingen	prediking:n
evangeliën	evangelie:n
evangelies	evangelie:n
belijd	belijden:v
beleed	belijden:v
belijdt	belijden:v
beleden	belijden:v
belijdend	belijden:v
monotheïstische	monotheïstisch:a
aankondigingen	aankondiging:n
aankondiginkje	aankondiging:n
protestantismen	protestantisme:n
epidemiologische	epidemiologisch:a
neteliger	netelig:a
neteligst	netelig:a
netelige	netelig:a
neteligere	netelig:a
neteligste	netelig:a
geloften	gelofte:n
geloftes	gelofte:n
geloftetje	gelofte:n
wispelturiger	wispelturig:a
wispelturigst	wispelturig:a
wispelturige	wispelturig:a
wispelturigere	wispelturig:a
wispelturigste	wispelturig:a
sacharosen	sacharose:n
doorschijnender	doorschijnend:a
doorschijnendst	doorschijnend:a
doorschijnende	doorschijnend:a
doorschijnendere	doorschijnend:a
doorschijnendste	doorschijnend:a
deernissen	deernis:n
deerniswekkender	deerniswekkend:a
deerniswekkendst	deerniswekkend:a
deerniswekkende	deerniswekkend:a
deerniswekkendere	deerniswekkend:a
deerniswekkendste	deerniswekkend:a
meelijwekkender	meelijwekkend:a
meelijwekkendst	meelijwekkend:a
meelijwekkende	meelijwekkend:a
meelijwekkendere	meelijwekkend:a
meelijwekkendste	meelijwekkend:a
verplichtte	verplichten:v
verplichtten	verplichten:v
verplichtend	verplichten:v
gehoorzamer	gehoorzaam:a
gehoorzaamst	gehoorzaam:a
gehoorzame	gehoorzaam:a|gehoorzamen:v
gehoorzamere	gehoorzaam:a
gehoorzaamste	gehoorzaam:a
controversiëler	controversieel:a
controversieelst	controversieel:a
controversiële	controversieel:a
controversiëlere	controversieel:a
controversieelste	controversieel:a
verschuldigde	verschuldigd:a
leerstellingen	leerstelling:n
leerstellinkje	leerstelling:n
ultieme	ultiem:a
stielen	stiel:n
stieltje	stiel:n
schildknapen	schildknaap:n
schildknaapje	schildknaap:n
inhoudsopgaven	inhoudsopgave:n
inhoudsopgavetje	inhoudsopgave:n
boxplots	boxplot:n
boxplotje	boxplot:n
ketterser	ketters:a
ketterst	ketters:a
ketterse	ketters:a
kettersere	ketters:a
ketterste	ketters:a
katholieken	katholiek:n
katholiekje	katholiek:n
katholieker	katholiek:a
katholiekst	katholiek:a
katholieke	katholiek:a
katholiekere	katholiek:a
katholiekste	katholiek:a
tradities	traditie:n
traditietje	traditie:n
religieuzer	religieus:a
religieust	religieus:a
religieuze	religieus:a
religieuzere	religieus:a
religieuste	religieus:a
perspectieven	perspectief:n
perspectiefje	perspectief:n
spiritueler	spiritueel:a
spiritueelst	spiritueel:a
spirituele	spiritueel:a
spirituelere	spiritueel:a
spiritueelste	spiritueel:a
onbeteugelder	onbeteugeld:a
onbeteugeldst	onbeteugeld:a
onbeteugelde	onbeteugeld:a
onbeteugeldere	onbeteugeld:a
onbeteugeldste	onbeteugeld:a
goddelijker	goddelijk:a
goddelijkst	goddelijk:a
goddelijke	goddelijk:a
goddelijkere	goddelijk:a
goddelijkste	goddelijk:a
rituele	ritueel:a
rituelen	ritueel:n
ritueeltje	ritueel:n
verstandelijker	verstandelijk:a
verstandelijkst	verstandelijk:a
verstandelijke	verstandelijk:a
verstandelijkere	verstandelijk:a
verstandelijkste	verstandelijk:a
instemmingen	instemming:n
samenwerk	samenwerken:v
samenwerkte	samenwerken:v
samenwerkt	samenwerken:v
samenwerkten	samenwerken:v
samengewerkt	samenwerken:v
gelovigen	gelovige:n
gelovige	gelovig:a
geloviger	gelovig:a
gelovigst	gelovig:a
gelovigere	gelovig:a
gelovigste	gelovig:a
gunde	gunnen:v
gunt	gunnen:v
gunden	gunnen:v
gunnend	gunnen:v
gegund	gunnen:v
misbruikers	misbruiker:n
misbruikertje	misbruiker:n
misbruiksters	misbruikster:n
misbruikstertje	misbruikster:n
wiri's	wiri:n
wirietje	wiri:n
bestelwagens	bestelwagen:n
bestelwagentje	bestelwagen:n
rechtsgeleerden	rechtsgeleerde:n
theologische	theologisch:a
verhandelingen	verhandeling:n
verhandelinkje	verhandeling:n
twist	twisten:v
twistte	twisten:v
twistten	twisten:v
twistend	twisten:v
getwist	twisten:v
twisten	twist:n
vermaarder	vermaard:a
vermaardst	vermaard:a
vermaarde	vermaard:a|vermaren:v
vermaardere	vermaard:a
vermaardste	vermaard:a
vermaard	vermaren:v
ets	etsen:v
etste	etsen:v
etst	etsen:v
etsten	etsen:v
etsend	etsen:v
geëtst	etsen:v
juridischer	juridisch:a
juridischt	juridisch:a
juridische	juridisch:a
juridischere	juridisch:a
juridischte	juridisch:a
terugvind	terugvinden:v
terugvond	terugvinden:v
terugvindt	terugvinden:v
terugvonden	terugvinden:v
terugvindend	terugvinden:v
teruggevonden	terugvinden:v
rechtsgeschiedkundigen	rechtsgeschiedkundige:n
publiekrechten	publiekrecht:n
bepleit	bepleiten:v
bepleitte	bepleiten:v
bepleitten	bepleiten:v
bepleitend	bepleiten:v
durf	durven:v
durfde	durven:v
durft	durven:v
durfden	durven:v
durvend	durven:v
gedurfd	durven:v
natuurrechten	natuurrecht:n
autonomer	autonoom:a
autonoomst	autonoom:a
autonomere	autonoom:a
autonoomste	autonoom:a
pensionarissen	pensionaris:n
begaafdheden	begaafdheid:n
begaafdheidje	begaafdheid:n
leermeesters	leermeester:n
leermeestertje	leermeester:n
filologen	filoloog:n
filoloogje	filoloog:n
gezantschappen	gezantschap:n
gezantschapje	gezantschap:n
onderhoudender	onderhoudend:a
onderhoudendst	onderhoudend:a
onderhoudende	onderhoudend:a
onderhoudendere	onderhoudend:a
onderhoudendste	onderhoudend:a
correspondeer	corresponderen:v
correspondeerde	corresponderen:v
correspondeert	corresponderen:v
correspondeerden	corresponderen:v
corresponderend	corresponderen:v
gecorrespondeerd	corresponderen:v
verdienstelijker	verdienstelijk:a
verdienstelijkst	verdienstelijk:a
verdienstelijke	verdienstelijk:a
verdienstelijkere	verdienstelijk:a
verdienstelijkste	verdienstelijk:a
onverdienstelijker	onverdienstelijk:a
onverdienstelijkst	onverdienstelijk:a
onverdienstelijke	onverdienstelijk:a
onverdienstelijkere	onverdienstelijk:a
onverdienstelijkste	onverdienstelijk:a
moeilijkheden	moeilijkheid:n
moeilijkheidje	moeilijkheid:n
verenigbaarder	verenigbaar:a
verenigbaarst	verenigbaar:a
verenigbare	verenigbaar:a
verenigbaardere	verenigbaar:a
verenigbaarste	verenigbaar:a
predestinaties	predestinatie:n
onovertroffener	onovertroffen:a
onovertroffenst	onovertroffen:a
onovertroffenste	onovertroffen:a
huwelijksnachten	huwelijksnacht:n
huwelijksnachtje	huwelijksnacht:n
zinnelijkheden	zinnelijkheid:n
zinnelijker	zinnelijk:a
zinnelijkst	zinnelijk:a
zinnelijke	zinnelijk:a
zinnelijkere	zinnelijk:a
zinnelijkste	zinnelijk:a
gestaltes	gestalte:n
gestaltetje	gestalte:n
ijver	ijveren:v
ijverde	ijveren:v
ijvert	ijveren:v
ijverden	ijveren:v
ijverend	ijveren:v
geijverd	ijveren:v
omzettingen	omzetting:n
omzettinkje	omzetting:n
beslecht	beslechten:v
beslechtte	beslechten:v
beslechtten	beslechten:v
beslechtend	beslechten:v
roemruchter	roemrucht:a
roemruchtst	roemrucht:a
roemruchte	roemrucht:a
roemruchtere	roemrucht:a
roemruchtste	roemrucht:a
toelagen	toelage:n
toelages	toelage:n
toelagetje	toelage:n
bekostigingen	bekostiging:n
stelten	stelt:n
steltje	stelt:n
wettige	wettig:a
wrokken	wrok:n
wrokje	wrok:n
verteer	verteren:v
verteerde	verteren:v
verteert	verteren:v
verteerden	verteren:v
verterend	verteren:v
verteerd	verteren:v
vroomheden	vroomheid:n
bestellers	besteller:n
bestellertje	besteller:n
zuipschuiten	zuipschuit:n
zuipschuitje	zuipschuit:n
frakken	frak:n
frakje	frak:n
fraksken	frak:n
brod	brodden:v
brodde	brodden:v
brodt	brodden:v
brodend	brodden:v
gebrod	brodden:v
rotsiger	rotsig:a
rotsigst	rotsig:a
rotsige	rotsig:a
rotsigere	rotsig:a
rotsigste	rotsig:a
spreid	spreiden:v
spreidde	spreiden:v
spreidt	spreiden:v
spreidden	spreiden:v
spreidend	spreiden:v
gespreid	spreiden:v
heks	heksen:v
hekste	heksen:v
hekst	heksen:v
heksten	heksen:v
heksend	heksen:v
gehekst	heksen:v
katapulten	katapult:n
katapultje	katapult:n
voorvaders	voorvader:n
voorvadertje	voorvader:n
Gelder	Gelre:m|Gelderen:m
toeten	toet:n
gejaagder	gejaagd:a
gejaagdst	gejaagd:a
schuw	schuwen:v
schuwde	schuwen:v
schuwt	schuwen:v
schuwden	schuwen:v
schuwend	schuwen:v
geschuwd	schuwen:v
klimatologen	klimatoloog:n
klimatoloogje	klimatoloog:n
klimatologische	klimatologisch:a
broeikasgassen	broeikasgas:n
voortkom	voortkomen:v
voortkwam	voortkomen:v
voortkomt	voortkomen:v
voortkwamen	voortkomen:v
voortkomend	voortkomen:v
voortgekomen	voortkomen:v
aquatische	aquatisch:a
vorsje	vors:n
tranendalen	tranendal:n
tranendalletje	tranendal:n
elektro-encefalogrammen	elektro-encefalogram:n
elektro-encefalogrammetje	elektro-encefalogram:n
arcere	arceren:v
exercere	exerceren:v
tarieven	tarief:n
tariefje	tarief:n
voorwoorden	voorwoord:n
voorwoordje	voorwoord:n
eenvormiger	eenvormig:a
eenvormigst	eenvormig:a
eenvormige	eenvormig:a
eenvormigere	eenvormig:a
eenvormigste	eenvormig:a
oprichtingen	oprichting:n
oprichtingetje	oprichting:n
oprichtinkje	oprichting:n
doeleinden	doeleinde:n
doeleindes	doeleinde:n
doeleindje	doeleinde:n
doelde	doelen:v
doelt	doelen:v
doelden	doelen:v
doelend	doelen:v
gedoeld	doelen:v
fuseer	fuseren:v
fuseerde	fuseren:v
fuseert	fuseren:v
fuseerden	fuseren:v
fuserend	fuseren:v
gefuseerd	fuseren:v
hoogleraars	hoogleraar:n
hoogleraren	hoogleraar:n
hoogleraartje	hoogleraar:n
gerechtsbodes	gerechtsbode:n
gerechtsboden	gerechtsbode:n
gerechtsbodetje	gerechtsbode:n
bibliografieën	bibliografie:n
bibliografietje	bibliografie:n
vege	vegen:v|veeg:a
schematischer	schematisch:a
schematischt	schematisch:a
schematische	schematisch:a
schematischere	schematisch:a
schematischte	schematisch:a
giecheltjes	giecheltje:n
vreetmolens	vreetmolen:n
vreetmolentje	vreetmolen:n
vreet	vreten:v|vrijen:v
vraten	vreten:v|vraat:n
vretend	vreten:v
gevreten	vreten:v
smalsporen	smalspoor:n
smalspoortje	smalspoor:n
spoor	sporen:v
spoorde	sporen:v
spoort	sporen:v
spoorden	sporen:v
sporend	sporen:v
gespoord	sporen:v
veelvraten	veelvraat:n
veelvraatje	veelvraat:n
coauteurs	coauteur:n
coauteurtje	coauteur:n
passies	passie:n
passietje	passie:n
administrateurs	administrateur:n
evangelisaties	evangelisatie:n
jarenlange	jarenlang:a
genootschappen	genootschap:n
genootschapje	genootschap:n
emiraten	emiraat:n
emiraatje	emiraat:n
omzeil	omzeilen:v
omzeilde	omzeilen:v
omzeilt	omzeilen:v
omzeilden	omzeilen:v
omzeilend	omzeilen:v
omzeild	omzeilen:v
omgezeild	omzeilen:v
resulteer	resulteren:v
resulteerde	resulteren:v
resulteert	resulteren:v
resulteerden	resulteren:v
resulterend	resulteren:v
geresulteerd	resulteren:v
telefoonlijnen	telefoonlijn:n
telefoonlijntje	telefoonlijn:n
comprimeer	comprimeren:v
comprimeerde	comprimeren:v
comprimeert	comprimeren:v
comprimeerden	comprimeren:v
comprimerend	comprimeren:v
gecomprimeerd	comprimeren:v
vreed	vreden:v
vreedde	vreden:v
vreedt	vreden:v
vreedden	vreden:v
vredend	vreden:v
gevreed	vreden:v
vreden	vrede:n
hossend	hossen:v
bergères	bergère:n
faxte	faxen:v
faxt	faxen:v
faxten	faxen:v
faxend	faxen:v
gefaxt	faxen:v
telefacsimiles	telefacsimile:n
uurwerken	uurwerk:n
uurwerkje	uurwerk:n
polshorloges	polshorloge:n
polshorlogetje	polshorloge:n
compressies	compressie:n
compressietje	compressie:n
optische	optisch:a
zenuwen	zenuw:n
zenuwtje	zenuw:n
zenuwstelsels	zenuwstelsel:n
zenuwstelseltje	zenuwstelsel:n
stelsels	stelsel:n
stelseltje	stelsel:n
bloedvatenstelsels	bloedvatenstelsel:n
luchtwegstelsels	luchtwegstelsel:n
luchtwegstelseltje	luchtwegstelsel:n
maag-darmstelsels	maag-darmstelsel:n
maag-darmstelseltje	maag-darmstelsel:n
verveel	vervelen:v
verveelde	vervelen:v|verveeld:a
verveelt	vervelen:v
verveelden	vervelen:v
vervelend	vervelen:v
verveeld	vervelen:v
verveelder	verveeld:a
verveeldst	verveeld:a
verveeldere	verveeld:a
verveeldste	verveeld:a
codeer	coderen:v
codeerde	coderen:v
codeert	coderen:v
codeerden	coderen:v
coderend	coderen:v
gecodeerd	coderen:v
coderingen	codering:n
coderinkje	codering:n
doorstuur	doorsturen:v
doorstuurde	doorsturen:v
doorstuurt	doorsturen:v
doorstuurden	doorsturen:v
doorsturend	doorsturen:v
doorgestuurd	doorsturen:v
telex	telexen:v
telexte	telexen:v
telext	telexen:v
telexten	telexen:v
telexend	telexen:v
getelext	telexen:v
telefaxen	telefax:n
telefaxje	telefax:n
slingerklokken	slingerklok:n
slingerklokje	slingerklok:n
klokjes	klokje:n
torsies	torsie:n
infrastructuren	infrastructuur:n
infrastructuurtje	infrastructuur:n
drogers	droger:n
drogertje	droger:n
roere	roeren:v
lokke	lokken:v
kunsthallen	kunsthal:n
kunsthalletje	kunsthal:n
prins-gemalen	prins-gemaal:n
prins-gemaaltje	prins-gemaal:n
gemaals	gemaal:n
gemaaltje	gemaal:n
weerspiegelingen	weerspiegeling:n
weerspiegelingetje	weerspiegeling:n
verrijs	verrijzen:v
verrees	verrijzen:v
verrijst	verrijzen:v
verrezen	verrijzen:v
verrijzend	verrijzen:v
voltooiingen	voltooiing:n
concertzalen	concertzaal:n
concertzaaltje	concertzaal:n
aanvaardbaarder	aanvaardbaar:a
aanvaardbaarst	aanvaardbaar:a
aanvaardbare	aanvaardbaar:a
aanvaardbaardere	aanvaardbaar:a
aanvaardbaarste	aanvaardbaar:a
akoestieken	akoestiek:n
akoestiekje	akoestiek:n
nagalmen	nagalm:n
nagalmpje	nagalm:n
mompel	mompelen:v
mompelde	mompelen:v
mompelt	mompelen:v
mompelden	mompelen:v
mompelend	mompelen:v
gemompeld	mompelen:v
constructiever	constructief:a
constructiefst	constructief:a
constructieve	constructief:a
constructievere	constructief:a
constructiefste	constructief:a
isoleer	isoleren:v
isoleerde	isoleren:v
isoleert	isoleren:v
isoleerden	isoleren:v
isolerend	isoleren:v
geïsoleerd	isoleren:v
wiskundigen	wiskundige:n
wiskundige	wiskundig:a
wiskundiger	wiskundig:a
wiskundigst	wiskundig:a
wiskundigere	wiskundig:a
wiskundigste	wiskundig:a
levenslopen	levensloop:n
overdrevener	overdreven:a
overdrevenst	overdreven:a
overdrevenste	overdreven:a
overdreven	overdrijven:v
romantiseer	romantiseren:v
romantiseerde	romantiseren:v
romantiseert	romantiseren:v
romantiseerden	romantiseren:v
romantiserend	romantiseren:v
geromantiseerd	romantiseren:v
overnames	overname:n
overnametje	overname:n
prestigieuzer	prestigieus:a
prestigieust	prestigieus:a
prestigieuze	prestigieus:a
prestigieuzere	prestigieus:a
prestigieuste	prestigieus:a
onderwijskundige	onderwijskundig:a
rebellieën	rebellie:n
rebellietje	rebellie:n
bezetener	bezeten:a
bezetenst	bezeten:a
bezetenste	bezeten:a
onvoldoenden	onvoldoende:n
onvoldoendetje	onvoldoende:n
retorieken	retoriek:n
retoriekje	retoriek:n
overdoe	overdoen:v
overdeed	overdoen:v
overdoet	overdoen:v
overdeden	overdoen:v
overdoend	overdoen:v
overgedaan	overdoen:v
overdaan	overdoen:v
onderken	onderkennen:v
onderkende	onderkennen:v
onderkent	onderkennen:v
onderkenden	onderkennen:v
onderkennend	onderkennen:v
onderkend	onderkennen:v
hartslagen	hartslag:n
hartslagje	hartslag:n
kussers	kusser:n
kussertje	kusser:n
bagatellen	bagatel:n
bagatelletje	bagatel:n
klederen	kleed:n
kleedje	kleed:n
gelijken	gelijke:n
lipiden	lipide:n
avontuurlijker	avontuurlijk:a
avontuurlijkst	avontuurlijk:a
avontuurlijke	avontuurlijk:a
avontuurlijkere	avontuurlijk:a
avontuurlijkste	avontuurlijk:a
schouwde	schouwen:v
schouwt	schouwen:v
schouwden	schouwen:v
schouwend	schouwen:v
geschouwd	schouwen:v
onbekenden	onbekende:n
onbekendetje	onbekende:n
periodieken	periodiek:n
periodiekje	periodiek:n
periodieke	periodiek:a
levensverzekeringen	levensverzekering:n
levensverzekeringetje	levensverzekering:n
lijfrenteverzekeringen	lijfrenteverzekering:n
lijfrenteverzekeringetje	lijfrenteverzekering:n
lijfrenteverzekerinkje	lijfrenteverzekering:n
begunstigden	begunstigde:n|begunstigen:v
begunstigde	begunstigen:v
luchtfoto's	luchtfoto:n
luchtfotootje	luchtfoto:n
veerlieden	veerman:n
veerlui	veerman:n
veermannetje	veerman:n
afgedamd	afdammen:v
verzandingen	verzanding:n
knapzakken	knapzak:n
knapzakje	knapzak:n
snoges	snoge:n
snogetje	snoge:n
lief	lieven:v
liefde	lieven:v
lieft	lieven:v
lievend	lieven:v
zwijn	zwijnen:v
zwijnde	zwijnen:v
zwijnt	zwijnen:v
zwijnden	zwijnen:v
zwijnend	zwijnen:v
gezwijnd	zwijnen:v
schaduwpje	schaduw:n
lichtte	lichten:v
lichtten	lichten:v
lichtend	lichten:v
gelicht	lichten:v
buurt	buurten:v
buurtte	buurten:v
buurtten	buurten:v
buurtend	buurten:v
gebuurt	buurten:v
fragmenteer	fragmenteren:v
fragmenteerde	fragmenteren:v
fragmenteert	fragmenteren:v
fragmenteerden	fragmenteren:v
fragmenterend	fragmenteren:v
gefragmenteerd	fragmenteren:v
vensterbanken	vensterbank:n
vensterbankje	vensterbank:n
luchtruimen	luchtruim:n
luchtruimpje	luchtruim:n
ruimde	ruimen:v
ruimt	ruimen:v
ruimden	ruimen:v
ruimend	ruimen:v
geruimd	ruimen:v
luchtdrukken	luchtdruk:n
drukkers	drukker:n
drukkertje	drukker:n
capaciteiten	capaciteit:n
capaciteitje	capaciteit:n
keuringen	keuring:n
keurinkje	keuring:n
fragmentaties	fragmentatie:n
moderniseringen	modernisering:n
moderniserinkje	modernisering:n
commissies	commissie:n
commissietje	commissie:n
implementaties	implementatie:n
implementatietje	implementatie:n
reflecteer	reflecteren:v
reflecteerde	reflecteren:v
reflecteert	reflecteren:v
reflecteerden	reflecteren:v
gereflecteerd	reflecteren:v
consultaties	consultatie:n
consultatietje	consultatie:n
optimaliseer	optimaliseren:v
optimaliseerde	optimaliseren:v
optimaliseert	optimaliseren:v
optimaliseerden	optimaliseren:v
optimaliserend	optimaliseren:v
geoptimaliseerd	optimaliseren:v
sjofeler	sjofel:a
sjofelst	sjofel:a
sjofele	sjofel:a
sjofelere	sjofel:a
sjofelste	sjofel:a
fabelen	fabel:n
fabels	fabel:n
fabeltje	fabel:n
stof	stoffen:v
stofte	stoffen:v
stoft	stoffen:v
stoften	stoffen:v
stoffend	stoffen:v
gestoft	stoffen:v
discussies	discussie:n
discussietje	discussie:n
mondialer	mondiaal:a
mondiaalst	mondiaal:a
mondialere	mondiaal:a
mondiaalste	mondiaal:a
klimaten	klimaat:n
klimaatje	klimaat:n
inademingen	inademing:n
inademingetje	inademing:n
toxicologische	toxicologisch:a
morbiditeiten	morbiditeit:n
diagonalen	diagonaal:n
fossielen	fossiel:n
fossiliën	fossiel:n
fossieltje	fossiel:n
fossiele	fossiel:a
zwaveldioxides	zwaveldioxide:n
verzuur	verzuren:v
verzuurde	verzuren:v
verzuurt	verzuren:v
verzuurden	verzuren:v
verzurend	verzuren:v
verzuurd	verzuren:v
zuurtjes	zuurtje:n
vluchtiger	vluchtig:a
vluchtigst	vluchtig:a
vluchtige	vluchtig:a
vluchtigere	vluchtig:a
vluchtigste	vluchtig:a
hecht	hechten:v
hechtte	hechten:v
hechtten	hechten:v
hechtend	hechten:v
wegdekken	wegdek:n
wegdekje	wegdek:n
gedroogde	gedroogd:a
houtkachels	houtkachel:n
houtkacheltje	houtkachel:n
opstel	opstellen:v
opstelde	opstellen:v
opstelt	opstellen:v
opstelden	opstellen:v
opstellend	opstellen:v
opgesteld	opstellen:v
opstellen	opstel:n
betwiste	betwist:a|betwisten:v
toezichten	toezicht:n
vuurwerken	vuurwerk:n
vuurwerkje	vuurwerk:n
hyponiemen	hyponiem:n
bestrijk	bestrijken:v
bestreek	bestrijken:v
bestrijkt	bestrijken:v
bestreken	bestrijken:v
bestrijkend	bestrijken:v
uitersten	uiterste:n
Iberischer	Iberisch:a
Iberischt	Iberisch:a
Iberische	Iberisch:a
Iberischere	Iberisch:a
Iberischte	Iberisch:a
industrialiseer	industrialiseren:v
industrialiseerde	industrialiseren:v
industrialiseert	industrialiseren:v
industrialiseerden	industrialiseren:v
industrialiserend	industrialiseren:v
geïndustrialiseerd	industrialiseren:v
bliksemschichten	bliksemschicht:n
bliksemschichtje	bliksemschicht:n
glasheldere	glashelder:a
eendekkers	eendekker:n
eendekkertje	eendekker:n
Poolsen	Poolse:n
hangijzers	hangijzer:n
hangijzertje	hangijzer:n
dorsers	dorser:n
dorsertje	dorser:n
gelovers	gelover:n
gelovertje	gelover:n
naaktheden	naaktheid:n
chylus	chijl:n
wijen	wijden:v
gelaatskleuren	gelaatskleur:n
gelaatskleurtje	gelaatskleur:n
paardenkrachten	paardenkracht:n
bete	bijten:v
gessen	ges:n
gesje	ges:n
kaakslagen	kaakslag:n
kaakslagje	kaakslag:n
gasthuizen	gasthuis:n
gasthuisje	gasthuis:n
klinieken	kliniek:n
kliniekje	kliniek:n
schokte	schokken:v
schokt	schokken:v
schokten	schokken:v
schokkend	schokken:v
geschokt	schokken:v
flitspalen	flitspaal:n
flitspaaltje	flitspaal:n
kaneelstokje	kaneelstok:n
kaneelstokjes	kaneelstokje:n
nuchterder	nuchter:a
nuchterst	nuchter:a
nuchtere	nuchter:a
nuchterdere	nuchter:a
nuchterste	nuchter:a
Negerhollandse	Negerhollands:a
oratoriums	oratorium:n
oratoriumpje	oratorium:n
kansspelen	kansspel:n
kansspelletje	kansspel:n
kolke	kolken:v
verdrink	verdrinken:v
verdronk	verdrinken:v
verdrinkt	verdrinken:v
verdronken	verdrinken:v
verdrinkend	verdrinken:v
jodelde	jodelen:v
jodelt	jodelen:v
jodelden	jodelen:v
jodelend	jodelen:v
gejodeld	jodelen:v
kerkelijker	kerkelijk:a
kerkelijkst	kerkelijk:a
kerkelijke	kerkelijk:a
kerkelijkere	kerkelijk:a
kerkelijkste	kerkelijk:a
orken	ork:n
orkje	ork:n
orks	ork:n
pikketanissie	pikketanis:n
besnij	besnijden:v
besnijd	besnijden:v
besneed	besnijden:v
besnijdt	besnijden:v
besneden	besnijden:v
besnijdend	besnijden:v
waterhonden	waterhond:n
waterhondje	waterhond:n
sleutelhangers	sleutelhanger:n
sleutelhangertje	sleutelhanger:n
abdissen	abdis:n
abdisje	abdis:n
masseer	masseren:v
masseerde	masseren:v
masseert	masseren:v
masseerden	masseren:v
masserend	masseren:v
gemasseerd	masseren:v
aftelbare	aftelbaar:a
ongedwongener	ongedwongen:a
ongedwongenst	ongedwongen:a
ongedwongenste	ongedwongen:a
biechtvaders	biechtvader:n
biechtvadertje	biechtvader:n
overaftelbare	overaftelbaar:a
verdik	verdikken:v
omhalen	omhaal:n
omhaaltje	omhaal:n
datere	dateren:v
ingewijden	ingewijde:n
worstelingen	worsteling:n
worstelingetje	worsteling:n
gastheren	gastheer:n
gastheertje	gastheer:n
schorsingen	schorsing:n
schorsinkje	schorsing:n
demagogen	demagoog:n
demagoogje	demagoog:n
verdichtingspunten	verdichtingspunt:n
verdichtingspuntje	verdichtingspunt:n
bijecties	bijectie:n
surjectieve	surjectief:a
voetbalde	voetballen:v
voetbalt	voetballen:v
voetbalden	voetballen:v
voetballend	voetballen:v
gevoetbald	voetballen:v
gelijkwaardiger	gelijkwaardig:a
gelijkwaardigst	gelijkwaardig:a
gelijkwaardige	gelijkwaardig:a
gelijkwaardigere	gelijkwaardig:a
gelijkwaardigste	gelijkwaardig:a
decomposities	decompositie:n
welordeningen	welordening:n
strikter	strikt:a
striktst	strikt:a
strikte	strikt:a|strikken:v
striktere	strikt:a
striktste	strikt:a
strikt	strikken:v
Koreaanser	Koreaans:a
Koreaanst	Koreaans:a
Koreaanse	Koreaans:a
Koreaansere	Koreaans:a
Koreaanste	Koreaans:a
hemisferen	hemisfeer:n
hemisfeertje	hemisfeer:n
polyglottes	polyglotte:n
dierbaarder	dierbaar:a
dierbaarst	dierbaar:a
dierbare	dierbaar:a
dierbaardere	dierbaar:a
dierbaarste	dierbaar:a
Spanjaarden	Spanjaard:n
Spanjaardje	Spanjaard:n
vrijbrieven	vrijbrief:n
vrijbriefje	vrijbrief:n
lakeien	lakei:n
lakeitje	lakei:n
slaafjes	slaafje:n
ringvingers	ringvinger:n
ringvingertje	ringvinger:n
bestelformulieren	bestelformulier:n
bestelformuliertje	bestelformulier:n
formulieren	formulier:n
formuliertje	formulier:n
oudsten	oudste:n
gordijnen	gordijn:n
Zwitserser	Zwitsers:a
Zwitserst	Zwitsers:a
Zwitserse	Zwitsers:a
Zwitsersere	Zwitsers:a
Zwitserste	Zwitsers:a
Zwitsers	Zwitser:n
Ieren	Ier:n
Walen	Waal:n
Brusselaars	Brusselaar:n
koralen	koraal:n
koraaltje	koraal:n
Iertje	Ier:n
geit	geiten:v|geien:v
geitte	geiten:v
geitten	geiten:v
geitend	geiten:v
gegeit	geiten:v
Zuid-Afrikaanser	Zuid-Afrikaans:a
Zuid-Afrikaanst	Zuid-Afrikaans:a
Zuid-Afrikaanse	Zuid-Afrikaans:a
Zuid-Afrikaansere	Zuid-Afrikaans:a
Zuid-Afrikaanste	Zuid-Afrikaans:a
weende	wenen:v
weent	wenen:v
weenden	wenen:v
wenend	wenen:v
geweend	wenen:v
scheur	scheuren:v
scheurde	scheuren:v
scheurt	scheuren:v
scheurden	scheuren:v
scheurend	scheuren:v
gescheurd	scheuren:v
scheuren	scheur:n
spinne	spinnen:v
clausules	clausule:n
clausuletje	clausule:n
Belgischen	Belgische:n
staal	stalen:v
staalde	stalen:v
staalt	stalen:v|stelen:v
staalden	stalen:v
stalend	stalen:v
gestaald	stalen:v
constructies	constructie:n
constructietje	constructie:n
opbouw	opbouwen:v
opbouwde	opbouwen:v
opbouwt	opbouwen:v
opbouwden	opbouwen:v
opbouwend	opbouwen:v
opgebouwd	opbouwen:v
uitvergroot	uitvergroten:v
uitvergrootte	uitvergroten:v
uitvergrootten	uitvergroten:v
uitvergrotend	uitvergroten:v
stommelingen	stommeling:n
stommelingetje	stommeling:n
gehuwde	gehuwd:a
gehuwden	gehuwde:n
onderdaniger	onderdanig:a
onderdanigst	onderdanig:a
onderdanige	onderdanig:a
onderdanigere	onderdanig:a
onderdanigste	onderdanig:a
hondser	honds:a
hondst	honds:a
hondse	honds:a
hondsere	honds:a
hondste	honds:a
wetstenen	wetsteen:n
wetsteentje	wetsteen:n
programmabladen	programmablad:n
programmablaadje	programmablad:n
uitbeeld	uitbeelden:v
uitbeeldde	uitbeelden:v
uitbeeldt	uitbeelden:v
uitbeeldden	uitbeelden:v
uitbeeldend	uitbeelden:v
uitgebeeld	uitbeelden:v
paviljoenen	paviljoen:n
paviljoens	paviljoen:n
paviljoentje	paviljoen:n
Amazonen	Amazone:n
Amazones	Amazone:n
Argentijnen	Argentijn:n
Argentijntje	Argentijn:n
attracties	attractie:n
attractietje	attractie:n
Arubanen	Arubaan:n
Arubaantje	Arubaan:n
iconen	icoon:n
icoontje	icoon:n
ruimtevaarttijdperken	ruimtevaarttijdperk:n
ruimtevaarttijdperkje	ruimtevaarttijdperk:n
geaaide	geaaid:a
futuristischer	futuristisch:a
futuristischt	futuristisch:a
futuristische	futuristisch:a
futuristischere	futuristisch:a
futuristischte	futuristisch:a
bouwwerken	bouwwerk:n
bouwwerkje	bouwwerk:n
spectakel	spektakel:n
buige	buigen:v
spektakels	spektakel:n
spektakeltje	spektakel:n
restaureer	restaureren:v
restaureerde	restaureren:v
restaureert	restaureren:v
restaureerden	restaureren:v
restaurerend	restaureren:v
gerestaureerd	restaureren:v
trekpleisters	trekpleister:n
trekpleistertje	trekpleister:n
toeristischer	toeristisch:a
toeristischt	toeristisch:a
toeristische	toeristisch:a
toeristischere	toeristisch:a
toeristischte	toeristisch:a
vormgevingen	vormgeving:n
vormgevinkje	vormgeving:n
dynamiteer	dynamiteren:v
dynamiteerde	dynamiteren:v
dynamiteert	dynamiteren:v
dynamiteerden	dynamiteren:v
dynamiterend	dynamiteren:v
gedynamiteerd	dynamiteren:v
achtelozer	achteloos:a
achteloost	achteloos:a
achteloze	achteloos:a
achtelozere	achteloos:a
achtelooste	achteloos:a
achteloosheden	achteloosheid:n
achteloosheidje	achteloosheid:n
niemendallen	niemendal:n
niemendalletje	niemendal:n
brisants	brisant:a
perfectioneer	perfectioneren:v
perfectioneerde	perfectioneren:v
perfectioneert	perfectioneren:v
perfectioneerden	perfectioneren:v
perfectionerend	perfectioneren:v
geperfectioneerd	perfectioneren:v
zakenlieden	zakenman:n
zakenlui	zakenman:n
zakenmannen	zakenman:n
zakenmannetje	zakenman:n
trainde	trainen:v
traint	trainen:v
trainden	trainen:v
trainend	trainen:v
getraind	trainen:v
verbrand	verbranden:v
verbrandde	verbranden:v
verbrandt	verbranden:v
verbrandden	verbranden:v
verbrandend	verbranden:v
vervangbaarder	vervangbaar:a
vervangbaarst	vervangbaar:a
vervangbare	vervangbaar:a
vervangbaardere	vervangbaar:a
vervangbaarste	vervangbaar:a
uitneembare	uitneembaar:a
uitneem	uitnemen:v
uitnam	uitnemen:v
uitneemt	uitnemen:v
uitnamen	uitnemen:v
uitnemend	uitnemen:v
uitgenomen	uitnemen:v
inktpatronen	inktpatroon:n
inktpatroontje	inktpatroon:n
hulzen	huls:n
hulsje	huls:n
vlied	vlieden:v
vlood	vlieden:v
vliedt	vlieden:v
vloden	vlieden:v
vliedend	vlieden:v
gevloden	vlieden:v
achterkanten	achterkant:n
achterkantje	achterkant:n
optellingen	optelling:n
optellinkje	optelling:n
aluinen	aluin:n
interessere	interesseren:v
opwind	opwinden:v
opwond	opwinden:v
opwindt	opwinden:v
opwonden	opwinden:v
opwindend	opwinden:v
opgewonden	opwinden:v
paterje	pater:n
Cornische	Cornisch:a
lijne	lijnen:v
opklaar	opklaren:v
opklaarde	opklaren:v
opklaart	opklaren:v
opklaarden	opklaren:v
opklarend	opklaren:v
opgeklaard	opklaren:v
kauwtje	kauw:n
hiërarchieën	hiërarchie:n
hiërarchietje	hiërarchie:n
kuiser	kuis:a
kuist	kuis:a|kuisen:v
kuise	kuis:a|kuisen:v
kuisere	kuis:a
kuiste	kuis:a|kuisen:v
kuizen	kuis:n
kuisje	kuis:n
kuis	kuisen:v
kuisten	kuisen:v
kuisend	kuisen:v
gekuist	kuisen:v
kuisen	kuis:n|kuise:n
steenbokken	steenbok:n
steenbokje	steenbok:n
Kanaänitische	Kanaänitisch:a
mythen	mythe:n
mythes	mythe:n
mythetje	mythe:n
archaïscher	archaïsch:a
archaïscht	archaïsch:a
archaïsche	archaïsch:a
archaïschere	archaïsch:a
archaïschte	archaïsch:a
Mesopotamischer	Mesopotamisch:a
Mesopotamischt	Mesopotamisch:a
Mesopotamische	Mesopotamisch:a
Mesopotamischere	Mesopotamisch:a
Mesopotamischte	Mesopotamisch:a
cruiseschepen	cruiseschip:n
cruisescheepje	cruiseschip:n
gehandicapten	gehandicapte:n
geleiders	geleider:n
geleidertje	geleider:n
ecologen	ecoloog:n
ecoloogje	ecoloog:n
smartelijker	smartelijk:a
smartelijkst	smartelijk:a
smartelijke	smartelijk:a
smartelijkere	smartelijk:a
smartelijkste	smartelijk:a
ekkies	ekkie:n
Anatolischer	Anatolisch:a
Anatolischt	Anatolisch:a
Anatolische	Anatolisch:a
Anatolischere	Anatolisch:a
Anatolischte	Anatolisch:a
beïnvloed	beïnvloeden:v
beïnvloedde	beïnvloeden:v
beïnvloedt	beïnvloeden:v
beïnvloedden	beïnvloeden:v
beïnvloedend	beïnvloeden:v
oeroude	oeroud:a
geaxeerder	geaxeerd:a
geaxeerdst	geaxeerd:a
geaxeerde	geaxeerd:a
geaxeerdere	geaxeerd:a
geaxeerdste	geaxeerd:a
polytheïsmen	polytheïsme:n
voorouders	voorouder:n
voorouderen	voorouder:n
vooroudertje	voorouder:n
voorgeschiedenissen	voorgeschiedenis:n
voorgeschiedenisje	voorgeschiedenis:n
kunstschaatsje	kunstschaats:n
bedriegers	bedrieger:n
bedriegertje	bedrieger:n
fraudeurs	fraudeur:n
fraudeurtje	fraudeur:n
fraudeer	frauderen:v
fraudeerde	frauderen:v
fraudeert	frauderen:v
fraudeerden	frauderen:v
frauderend	frauderen:v
gefraudeerd	frauderen:v
frauduleuzer	frauduleus:a
frauduleust	frauduleus:a
frauduleuze	frauduleus:a
frauduleuzere	frauduleus:a
frauduleuste	frauduleus:a
microscopieën	microscopie:n
rela's	rela:n
relaatje	rela:n
encyclopedies	encyclopedie:n
voetballers	voetballer:n
voetballertje	voetballer:n
kikvorsen	kikvors:n
kikvorsje	kikvors:n
kikvorsmannen	kikvorsman:n
kikvorsmannetje	kikvorsman:n
finalissen	finalis:n
schillen	schil:n
schilletje	schil:n
schil	schillen:v
hertoginnen	hertogin:n
hertoginnetje	hertogin:n
versnellingsbakken	versnellingsbak:n
versnellingsbakje	versnellingsbak:n
uitlaten	uitlaat:n
uitlaatje	uitlaat:n
dieverijen	dieverij:n
dieverijtje	dieverij:n
puntiger	puntig:a
puntigst	puntig:a
puntige	puntig:a
puntigere	puntig:a
puntigste	puntig:a
aanhaal	aanhalen:v
aanhaalde	aanhalen:v
aanhaalt	aanhalen:v
aanhaalden	aanhalen:v
aanhalend	aanhalen:v
aangehaald	aanhalen:v
citeer	citeren:v
citeerde	citeren:v
citeert	citeren:v
citeerden	citeren:v
citerend	citeren:v
geciteerd	citeren:v
schoolmeesters	schoolmeester:n
schoolmeestertje	schoolmeester:n
zwabbers	zwabber:n
zwabbertje	zwabber:n
zwabber	zwabberen:v
hertogelijke	hertogelijk:a
volwassenen	volwassene:n
mayonaises	mayonaise:n
mayonaisetje	mayonaise:n
postulere	postuleren:v
iglo's	iglo:n
iglootje	iglo:n
universums	universum:n
universumpje	universum:n
Koerdischer	Koerdisch:a
Koerdischt	Koerdisch:a
Koerdische	Koerdisch:a
Koerdischere	Koerdisch:a
Koerdischte	Koerdisch:a
atoomnummers	atoomnummer:n
atoomnummertje	atoomnummer:n
atoomkernen	atoomkern:n
atoomkerntje	atoomkern:n
toneelschrijvers	toneelschrijver:n
toneelschrijvertje	toneelschrijver:n
metrische	metrisch:a
literairder	literair:a
literairst	literair:a
literaire	literair:a
literairdere	literair:a
literairste	literair:a
sponsorde	sponsoren:v
sponsort	sponsoren:v
sponsorden	sponsoren:v
sponsorend	sponsoren:v
gesponsord	sponsoren:v
kiekens	kieken:n|kiek:n
kiekentje	kieken:n
kiek	kieken:v|kiekendief:n
kiekte	kieken:v
kiekt	kieken:v
kiekten	kieken:v
kiekend	kieken:v
gekiekt	kieken:v
kieken	kijken:v|kiek:n
procedeer	procederen:v
procedeerde	procederen:v
procedeert	procederen:v
procedeerden	procederen:v
procederend	procederen:v
geprocedeerd	procederen:v
ogers	oger:n
ogertje	oger:n
Epiroten	Epiroot:n
boorzuren	boorzuur:n
condooms	condoom:n
condoompje	condoom:n
martyria	martyrium:n
loeven	loef:n
loefje	loef:n
androïden	androïde:n
androïdes	androïde:n
logarithme	logaritme:n
afasieën	afasie:n
afasietje	afasie:n
griepje	griep:n
Oezbeekser	Oezbeeks:a
Oezbeekst	Oezbeeks:a
Oezbeekse	Oezbeeks:a
Oezbeeksere	Oezbeeks:a
Oezbeekste	Oezbeeks:a
Libanese	Libanees:a
Libanesen	Libanese:n
executieve	executief:a
executieven	executieve:n
executiever	executief:a
executiefst	executief:a
executievere	executief:a
executiefste	executief:a
ijsmannen	ijsman:n
ijsmannetje	ijsman:n
spaakbeenderen	spaakbeen:n
spaakbenen	spaakbeen:n
spaakbeentje	spaakbeen:n
blootjes	blootje:n
pluimde	pluimen:v
pluimt	pluimen:v
pluimden	pluimen:v
pluimend	pluimen:v
gepluimd	pluimen:v
testamentaire	testamentair:a
verlammingen	verlamming:n
verlamminkje	verlamming:n
nootmuskaten	nootmuskaat:n
nootmuskaatje	nootmuskaat:n
castraten	castraat:n
castraatje	castraat:n
schaaldieren	schaaldier:n
schaaldiertje	schaaldier:n
castraties	castratie:n
castratietje	castratie:n
mierikswortels	mierikswortel:n
mierikswortellen	mierikswortel:n
mieriksworteltje	mierikswortel:n
mensapen	mensaap:n
mensaapje	mensaap:n
anglicismen	anglicisme:n
sortere	sorteren:v
mijnwerkers	mijnwerker:n
mijnwerkertje	mijnwerker:n
vervoertje	vervoer:n
aardnoten	aardnoot:n
aardnootje	aardnoot:n
opritten	oprit:n
opritje	oprit:n
giste	gissen:v|gisten:v
gissend	gissen:v
yamswortels	yamswortel:n
yamsworteltje	yamswortel:n
piraten	piraat:n
piraatje	piraat:n
bloedworsten	bloedworst:n
bloedworstje	bloedworst:n
geb.	geboren:a|gebonden:a
blaat	blaten:v
blaatte	blaten:v
blaatten	blaten:v
blatend	blaten:v
geblaat	blaten:v
vervoerders	vervoerder:n
vervoerdertje	vervoerder:n
niesde	niezen:v
niest	niezen:v
niesden	niezen:v
niezend	niezen:v
geniesd	niezen:v
revelaties	revelatie:n
revelatietje	revelatie:n
bijzaken	bijzaak:n
bijzaakje	bijzaak:n
hoofdzaken	hoofdzaak:n
hoofdzaakje	hoofdzaak:n
membranen	membraan:n
membraantje	membraan:n
rakels	rakel:n
rakeltje	rakel:n
omkopingen	omkoping:n
omkopinkje	omkoping:n
bewonderenswaardiger	bewonderenswaardig:a
bewonderenswaardigst	bewonderenswaardig:a
bewonderenswaardige	bewonderenswaardig:a
bewonderenswaardigere	bewonderenswaardig:a
bewonderenswaardigste	bewonderenswaardig:a
adviseurs	adviseur:n
adviseurtje	adviseur:n
tegenzinnen	tegenzin:n
tegenzinnetje	tegenzin:n
directrice	directeur:n
alarmsignalen	alarmsignaal:n
alarmsignaaltje	alarmsignaal:n
archipels	archipel:n
archipelletje	archipel:n
kakofonies	kakofonie:n
kakofonietje	kakofonie:n
anatomische	anatomisch:a
doodsangsten	doodsangst:n
doodsangstje	doodsangst:n
vervelender	vervelend:a
vervelendst	vervelend:a
vervelende	vervelend:a
vervelendere	vervelend:a
vervelendste	vervelend:a
doodsbange	doodsbang:a
rukkers	rukker:n
rukkertje	rukker:n
rukker	ruk:a
antropomorfe	antropomorf:a
nierstenen	niersteen:n
niersteentje	niersteen:n
kroonprinsen	kroonprins:n
kroonprinsje	kroonprins:n
overeenstem	overeenstemmen:v
overeenstemde	overeenstemmen:v
overeenstemt	overeenstemmen:v
overeenstemden	overeenstemmen:v
overeenstemmend	overeenstemmen:v
overeengestemd	overeenstemmen:v
teckels	teckel:n
teckeltje	teckel:n
mechanische	mechanisch:a
vechtscheidingen	vechtscheiding:n
vechtscheidinkje	vechtscheiding:n
toeters	toeter:n
toetertje	toeter:n
toeterder	toeter:a
toeterst	toeter:a
toetere	toeter:a|toeteren:v
toeterdere	toeter:a
toeterste	toeter:a
toeter	toeteren:v
toevluchten	toevlucht:n
dolde	dollen:v
dolden	dollen:v
dollend	dollen:v
gedold	dollen:v
schouwtonelen	schouwtoneel:n
schouwtoneeltje	schouwtoneel:n
metaaldetectoren	metaaldetector:n
metaaldetectors	metaaldetector:n
metaaldetectortje	metaaldetector:n
manchetten	manchet:n
manchetje	manchet:n
brandweerkazernes	brandweerkazerne:n
brandweerkazernen	brandweerkazerne:n
brandweerkazernetje	brandweerkazerne:n
atoomdeeltjes	atoomdeeltje:n
vergate	vergeten:v
hoofdcommissarissen	hoofdcommissaris:n
hoofdcommissarisje	hoofdcommissaris:n
broekventen	broekvent:n
broekventje	broekvent:n
verkwisters	verkwister:n
verkwistertje	verkwister:n
muziekkorpsen	muziekkorps:n
muziekkorpsje	muziekkorps:n
verchroom	verchromen:v
verchroomde	verchromen:v
verchroomt	verchromen:v
verchroomden	verchromen:v
verchromend	verchromen:v
verchroomd	verchromen:v
pandemische	pandemisch:a
schoolslagen	schoolslag:n
schoolslagje	schoolslag:n
pandemieën	pandemie:n
pandemies	pandemie:n
pandemietje	pandemie:n
aftellingen	aftelling:n
aftellinkje	aftelling:n
farmaceutische	farmaceutisch:a
nationaler	nationaal:a
nationaalst	nationaal:a
nationalere	nationaal:a
nationaalste	nationaal:a
Koninginnedagen	Koninginnedag:n
Koninginnedagje	Koninginnedag:n
festiviteiten	festiviteit:n
festiviteitje	festiviteit:n
vrijmarkten	vrijmarkt:n
vrijmarktje	vrijmarkt:n
inhuldigingen	inhuldiging:n
inhuldigingetje	inhuldiging:n
vorstinnen	vorstin:n
vorstinnetje	vorstin:n
vloerde	vloeren:v
vloert	vloeren:v
vloerden	vloeren:v
vloerend	vloeren:v
gevloerd	vloeren:v
vloerwerken	vloerwerk:n
vloerwerkje	vloerwerk:n
vloerders	vloerder:n
vloerdertje	vloerder:n
vieringen	viering:n
vierinkje	viering:n
eigentijdser	eigentijds:a
eigentijdst	eigentijds:a
eigentijdse	eigentijds:a
eigentijdsere	eigentijds:a
eigentijdste	eigentijds:a
ventte	venten:v
ventten	venten:v
ventend	venten:v
gevent	venten:v
zeemannen	zeeman:n
zeelui	zeeman:n
zeelieden	zeeman:n
zeemannetje	zeeman:n
directoraten	directoraat:n
directoraatje	directoraat:n
middeleeuwers	middeleeuwer:n
middeleeuwertje	middeleeuwer:n
dakpannen	dakpan:n
dakpannetje	dakpan:n
stinkdieren	stinkdier:n
stinkdiertje	stinkdier:n
officiëler	officieel:a
officieelst	officieel:a
officiële	officieel:a
officiëlere	officieel:a
officieelste	officieel:a
communistischer	communistisch:a
communistischt	communistisch:a
communistische	communistisch:a
communistischere	communistisch:a
communistischte	communistisch:a
gehore	gehoor:n
immuunsystemen	immuunsysteem:n
immuunsysteempje	immuunsysteem:n
verantwoordelijkheden	verantwoordelijkheid:n
archeologische	archeologisch:a
archeologen	archeoloog:n
archeoloogje	archeoloog:n
pedagogen	pedagoog:n
pedagoogje	pedagoog:n
hypnotiseer	hypnotiseren:v
hypnotiseerde	hypnotiseren:v
hypnotiseert	hypnotiseren:v
hypnotiseerden	hypnotiseren:v
hypnotiserend	hypnotiseren:v
gehypnotiseerd	hypnotiseren:v
presentatrices	presentatrice:n
dopte	doppen:v
dopt	doppen:v
dopten	doppen:v
doppend	doppen:v
gedopt	doppen:v
batste	batsen:v
batst	batsen:v
batsten	batsen:v
batsend	batsen:v
gebatst	batsen:v
minbars	minbar:n
minbartje	minbar:n
uitwegen	uitweg:n
uitweggetje	uitweg:n
uitwegje	uitweg:n
sacoches	sacoche:n
sacocheje	sacoche:n
sacocheken	sacoche:n
hoederechten	hoederecht:n
strijdliederen	strijdlied:n
strijdliedje	strijdlied:n
volksliederen	volkslied:n
volksliedje	volkslied:n
betogingen	betoging:n
betoginkje	betoging:n
ritmen	ritme:n
ritmes	ritme:n
ritmetje	ritme:n
tekenaars	tekenaar:n
tekenaartje	tekenaar:n
motieven	motief:n
motiefje	motief:n
socialismes	socialisme:n
Australischen	Australische:n
opschrik	opschrikken:v
opschrikte	opschrikken:v
opschrikt	opschrikken:v
opschrikten	opschrikken:v
opschrikkend	opschrikken:v
opgeschrikt	opschrikken:v
griepachtiger	griepachtig:a
griepachtigst	griepachtig:a
griepachtige	griepachtig:a
griepachtigere	griepachtig:a
griepachtigste	griepachtig:a
adviseer	adviseren:v
adviseerde	adviseren:v
adviseert	adviseren:v
adviseerden	adviseren:v
adviserend	adviseren:v
geadviseerd	adviseren:v
bezwijk	bezwijken:v
bezweek	bezwijken:v
bezwijkt	bezwijken:v
bezweken	bezwijken:v
bezwijkend	bezwijken:v
krijgshaftiger	krijgshaftig:a
krijgshaftigst	krijgshaftig:a
krijgshaftige	krijgshaftig:a
krijgshaftigere	krijgshaftig:a
krijgshaftigste	krijgshaftig:a
Grieksen	Griekse:n
nageslachten	nageslacht:n
voortbesta	voortbestaan:v
voortbestond	voortbestaan:v
voortbestaat	voortbestaan:v
voortbestonden	voortbestaan:v
voortbestaand	voortbestaan:v
terugstuur	terugsturen:v
terugstuurde	terugsturen:v
terugstuurt	terugsturen:v
terugstuurden	terugsturen:v
terugsturend	terugsturen:v
teruggestuurd	terugsturen:v
verwekkers	verwekker:n
grafheuvels	grafheuvel:n
grafheuveltje	grafheuvel:n
godslasteringen	godslastering:n
godslasteringetje	godslastering:n
traliën	tralie:n
tralies	tralie:n
tralietje	tralie:n
tralie	traliën:v
nationalismes	nationalisme:n
wandelstokken	wandelstok:n
wandelstokje	wandelstok:n
siderische	siderisch:a
Faeröerser	Faeröers:a
Faeröerst	Faeröers:a
Faeröerse	Faeröers:a
Faeröersere	Faeröers:a
Faeröerste	Faeröers:a
mastodonten	mastodont:n
mastodontje	mastodont:n
nostalgischer	nostalgisch:a
nostalgischt	nostalgisch:a
nostalgische	nostalgisch:a
nostalgischere	nostalgisch:a
nostalgischte	nostalgisch:a
Tsjetsjeenser	Tsjetsjeens:a
Tsjetsjeenst	Tsjetsjeens:a
Tsjetsjeense	Tsjetsjeens:a
Tsjetsjeensere	Tsjetsjeens:a
Tsjetsjeenste	Tsjetsjeens:a
carnivoren	carnivoor:n
carnivoortje	carnivoor:n
carnivore	carnivoor:a
buideldieren	buideldier:n
buideldiertje	buideldier:n
zeekreeften	zeekreeft:n
zeekreeftje	zeekreeft:n
dierenartsen	dierenarts:n
dierenartsje	dierenarts:n
veeartsen	veearts:n
veeartsje	veearts:n
stambomen	stamboom:n
stamboompje	stamboom:n
populaties	populatie:n
populatietje	populatie:n
kletskoppen	kletskop:n
kletskopje	kletskop:n
verzetjes	verzetje:n
maagdelijkheden	maagdelijkheid:n
universitaire	universitair:a
weesgegroeten	weesgegroet:n
weesgegroetje	weesgegroet:n
inheemsen	inheemse:n
verkeerslichten	verkeerslicht:n
verkeerslichtje	verkeerslicht:n
misbaksels	misbaksel:n
misbakseltje	misbaksel:n
geworteld	wortelen:v
connotaties	connotatie:n
connotatietje	connotatie:n
tendensen	tendens:n
tendensje	tendens:n
patriarchaten	patriarchaat:n
matriarchaten	matriarchaat:n
matriarchaler	matriarchaal:a
matriarchaalst	matriarchaal:a
matriarchale	matriarchaal:a
matriarchalere	matriarchaal:a
matriarchaalste	matriarchaal:a
pantheïstische	pantheïstisch:a
patriarchaler	patriarchaal:a
patriarchaalst	patriarchaal:a
patriarchale	patriarchaal:a
patriarchalere	patriarchaal:a
patriarchaalste	patriarchaal:a
aanhangwagens	aanhangwagen:n
aanhangwagentje	aanhangwagen:n
trekhaken	trekhaak:n
trekhaakje	trekhaak:n
monteurs	monteur:n
monteurtje	monteur:n
zandkastelen	zandkasteel:n
zandkasteeltje	zandkasteel:n
ondertitels	ondertitel:n
ondertiteltje	ondertitel:n
poldermolens	poldermolen:n
poldermolentje	poldermolen:n
excusen	excuus:n
excuusje	excuus:n
teruggeef	teruggeven:v
teruggaf	teruggeven:v
teruggeeft	teruggeven:v
teruggaven	teruggeven:v|teruggave:n
teruggevend	teruggeven:v
teruggegeven	teruggeven:v
overhaal	overhalen:v
overhaalde	overhalen:v
overhaalt	overhalen:v
overhaalden	overhalen:v
overhalend	overhalen:v
overgehaald	overhalen:v
kunsttalen	kunsttaal:n
kunsttaaltje	kunsttaal:n
luchtkastelen	luchtkasteel:n
luchtkasteeltje	luchtkasteel:n
kwartetten	kwartet:n
kwartetje	kwartet:n
kwartet	kwartetten:v
toverdranken	toverdrank:n
toverdrankje	toverdrank:n
toverspreuken	toverspreuk:n
toverspreukje	toverspreuk:n
Palestijnser	Palestijns:a
Palestijnst	Palestijns:a
Palestijnse	Palestijns:a
Palestijnsere	Palestijns:a
Palestijnste	Palestijns:a
ondervoorzitters	ondervoorzitter:n
ondervoorzittertje	ondervoorzitter:n
pluches	pluche:n
pluchetje	pluche:n
fluweeltje	fluweel:n
synthesen	synthese:n
synthesetje	synthese:n
eidereenden	eidereend:n
eidereendje	eidereend:n
maagdenvliezen	maagdenvlies:n
maagdenvliesje	maagdenvlies:n
ontmaagd	ontmaagden:v
ontmaagdde	ontmaagden:v
ontmaagdt	ontmaagden:v
ontmaagdden	ontmaagden:v
ontmaagdend	ontmaagden:v
pyrieten	pyriet:n
pyrietje	pyriet:n
trilhaardiertjes	trilhaardiertje:n
paardenbloemen	paardenbloem:n
paardenbloempje	paardenbloem:n
paardenbloemetje	paardenbloem:n
kroningen	kroning:n
kroninkje	kroning:n
meiosen	meiose:n
puinhopen	puinhoop:n
puinhoopje	puinhoop:n
herleef	herleven:v
herleefde	herleven:v
herleeft	herleven:v
herleefden	herleven:v
herlevend	herleven:v
herleefd	herleven:v
Staatse	Staats:a
peddels	peddel:n
peddeltje	peddel:n
struikel	struikelen:v
struikelde	struikelen:v
struikelt	struikelen:v
struikelden	struikelen:v
struikelend	struikelen:v
gestruikeld	struikelen:v
inerties	inertie:n
parasieten	parasiet:n
parasietje	parasiet:n
boycot	boycotten:v
boycottend	boycotten:v
geboycot	boycotten:v
boycotten	boycot:n
ontbied	ontbieden:v
ontbood	ontbieden:v
ontbiedt	ontbieden:v
ontboden	ontbieden:v
ontbiedend	ontbieden:v
skiërs	skiër:n
skiërtje	skiër:n
wintersporters	wintersporter:n
wintersportertje	wintersporter:n
wintersporten	wintersport:n
wintersport	wintersporten:v
wintersportte	wintersporten:v
wintersportten	wintersporten:v
wintersportend	wintersporten:v
gewintersport	wintersporten:v
wintersportje	wintersport:n
sms	sms'en:v
sms'te	sms'en:v
sms't	sms'en:v
sms'ten	sms'en:v
sms'end	sms'en:v
ge-sms't	sms'en:v
sms'en	sms:n
neutraler	neutraal:a
neutraalst	neutraal:a
neutralere	neutraal:a
neutraalste	neutraal:a
eentoniger	eentonig:a
eentonigst	eentonig:a
eentonige	eentonig:a
eentonigere	eentonig:a
eentonigste	eentonig:a
privé-post	privépost:n
petrochemies	petrochemie:n
petrochemietje	petrochemie:n
takszegels	takszegel:n
takszegeltje	takszegel:n
zegelwassen	zegelwas:n
zegelringen	zegelring:n
zegelringetje	zegelring:n
capuchons	capuchon:n
capuchonnetje	capuchon:n
teweegbreng	teweegbrengen:v
teweegbracht	teweegbrengen:v
teweegbrengt	teweegbrengen:v
teweegbrachten	teweegbrengen:v
teweegbrengend	teweegbrengen:v
teweeggebracht	teweegbrengen:v
biep	biepen:v
biepte	biepen:v
biept	biepen:v
biepten	biepen:v
biepend	biepen:v
gebiept	biepen:v
biepen	biep:n
parasitaire	parasitair:a
doedelzakken	doedelzak:n
doedelzakje	doedelzak:n
moleculen	molecuul:n
molecuultje	molecuul:n
kerfde	kerven:v
kerft	kerven:v
kerfden	kerven:v
kervend	kerven:v
gekerfd	kerven:v
gekorven	kerven:v
optimale	optimaal:a
tocht	tochten:v
tochtte	tochten:v
tochtten	tochten:v
tochtend	tochten:v
getocht	tochten:v
vocabulaires	vocabulaire:n
terugtochten	terugtocht:n
terugtochtje	terugtocht:n
composities	compositie:n
compositietje	compositie:n
ondergeschikten	ondergeschikte:n
ondergeschikte	ondergeschikt:a
ondergeschikter	ondergeschikt:a
ondergeschiktst	ondergeschikt:a
ondergeschiktere	ondergeschikt:a
ondergeschiktste	ondergeschikt:a
vuurstenen	vuursteen:n
vuursteentje	vuursteen:n
metgezellen	metgezel:n
metgezelletje	metgezel:n
expedities	expeditie:n
expeditietje	expeditie:n
doedelzakspelers	doedelzakspeler:n
juristes	juriste:n
omkeer	omkeren:v
omkeerde	omkeren:v
omkeert	omkeren:v
omkeerden	omkeren:v
omkerend	omkeren:v
omgekeerd	omkeren:v
adelborsten	adelborst:n
adelborstje	adelborst:n
boycots	boycot:n
boycotje	boycot:n
censureer	censureren:v
censureerde	censureren:v
censureert	censureren:v
censureerden	censureren:v
censurerend	censureren:v
gecensureerd	censureren:v
overschrijvingen	overschrijving:n
overschrijvinkje	overschrijving:n
jaloersheden	jaloersheid:n
jaloersheidje	jaloersheid:n
halsbanden	halsband:n
halsbandje	halsband:n
kostwinners	kostwinner:n
kostwinnertje	kostwinner:n
voorbereidende	voorbereidend:a
toelatingsexamens	toelatingsexamen:n
toelatingsexamentje	toelatingsexamen:n
opleidingsschepen	opleidingsschip:n
opleidingsscheepje	opleidingsschip:n
assisteer	assisteren:v
assisteerde	assisteren:v
assisteert	assisteren:v
assisteerden	assisteren:v
assisterend	assisteren:v
geassisteerd	assisteren:v
stationeringen	stationering:n
stationnering	stationering:n
secretarissen	secretaris:n
secretarisje	secretaris:n
geologische	geologisch:a
compagnons	compagnon:n
compagnonnetje	compagnon:n
hypertensies	hypertensie:n
hypertensietje	hypertensie:n
hypotensies	hypotensie:n
hypotensietje	hypotensie:n
glaucomen	glaucoom:n
glaucoompje	glaucoom:n
jongeren	jongere:n
torpedoboten	torpedoboot:n
torpedobootje	torpedoboot:n
promoties	promotie:n
promotietje	promotie:n
golfballen	golfbal:n
golfballetje	golfbal:n
uitrustingen	uitrusting:n
uitrustinkje	uitrusting:n
sledetochten	sledetocht:n
sledetochtje	sledetocht:n
theedoeken	theedoek:n
theedoekje	theedoek:n
hersenschuddingen	hersenschudding:n
hersenschuddinkje	hersenschudding:n
ijsplateaus	ijsplateau:n
ijsplateautje	ijsplateau:n
vogelverschrikkers	vogelverschrikker:n
vogelverschrikkertje	vogelverschrikker:n
gesprekspartners	gesprekspartner:n
gesprekspartnertje	gesprekspartner:n
stoelgangen	stoelgang:n
stoelgangetje	stoelgang:n
spuitgasten	spuitgast:n
spuitgastje	spuitgast:n
Avestische	Avestisch:a
zakenpartners	zakenpartner:n
zakenpartnertje	zakenpartner:n
wedders	wedder:n
weddertje	wedder:n
salpeterzuren	salpeterzuur:n
kleurlozer	kleurloos:a
kleurloost	kleurloos:a
kleurloze	kleurloos:a
kleurlozere	kleurloos:a
kleurlooste	kleurloos:a
compositorische	compositorisch:a
rechtsgebieden	rechtsgebied:n
rechtsgebiedje	rechtsgebied:n
procreaties	procreatie:n
procreatietje	procreatie:n
aandachtiger	aandachtig:a
aandachtigst	aandachtig:a
aandachtige	aandachtig:a
aandachtigere	aandachtig:a
aandachtigste	aandachtig:a
bommetjes	bommetje:n
watertorens	watertoren:n
watertorentje	watertoren:n
Javaanser	Javaans:a
Javaanst	Javaans:a
Javaanse	Javaans:a
Javaansere	Javaans:a
Javaanste	Javaans:a
farmacologische	farmacologisch:a
longontstekingen	longontsteking:n
longontstekingetje	longontsteking:n
longontstekinkje	longontsteking:n
vaderlijker	vaderlijk:a
vaderlijkst	vaderlijk:a
vaderlijke	vaderlijk:a
vaderlijkere	vaderlijk:a
vaderlijkste	vaderlijk:a
coïncideer	coïncideren:v
coïncideerde	coïncideren:v
coïncideert	coïncideren:v
coïncideerden	coïncideren:v
coïnciderend	coïncideren:v
gecoïncideerd	coïncideren:v
elektromagnetische	elektromagnetisch:a
magnetischer	magnetisch:a
magnetischt	magnetisch:a
magnetische	magnetisch:a
magnetischere	magnetisch:a
magnetischte	magnetisch:a
pijnappels	pijnappel:n
pijnappeltje	pijnappel:n
moddergevechten	moddergevecht:n
moddergevechtje	moddergevecht:n
vaatdoeken	vaatdoek:n
vaatdoekje	vaatdoek:n
germanisten	germanist:n
germanistje	germanist:n
suikerbieten	suikerbiet:n
suikerbietje	suikerbiet:n
zadel	zadelen:v
zadelde	zadelen:v
zadelt	zadelen:v
zadelden	zadelen:v
zadelend	zadelen:v
gezadeld	zadelen:v
suikerboeren	suikerboer:n
suikerboertje	suikerboer:n
schijtlijsters	schijtlijster:n
schijtlijstertje	schijtlijster:n
tegenvallers	tegenvaller:n
tegenvallertje	tegenvaller:n
kompressen	kompres:n
kompresje	kompres:n
kompresser	kompres:a
komprest	kompres:a
kompresse	kompres:a
kompressere	kompres:a
kompreste	kompres:a
jonko's	jonko:n
jonkootje	jonko:n
kokmeeuwen	kokmeeuw:n
kokmeeuwtje	kokmeeuw:n
glycogenen	glycogeen:n
glycogeentje	glycogeen:n
oudtantes	oudtante:n
oudtantetje	oudtante:n
Canadezen	Canadees:n
Canadeesje	Canadees:n
Canadeser	Canadees:a
Canadeest	Canadees:a
Canadese	Canadees:a
Canadesere	Canadees:a
Canadeeste	Canadees:a
Canadesen	Canadese:n
tjiftjaffen	tjiftjaf:n
tjiftjafs	tjiftjaf:n
tjiftjafje	tjiftjaf:n
fokkenmasten	fokkenmast:n
fokkenmastje	fokkenmast:n
oncologen	oncoloog:n|oncologe:n
oncoloogje	oncoloog:n
rozenkransen	rozenkrans:n
rozenkransje	rozenkrans:n
afkalf	afkalven:v
afkalfde	afkalven:v
afkalft	afkalven:v
afkalfden	afkalven:v
afkalvend	afkalven:v
afgekalfd	afkalven:v
bereidingen	bereiding:n
huisvest	huisvesten:v
huisvestte	huisvesten:v
huisvestten	huisvesten:v
huisvestend	huisvesten:v
bijgenaamde	bijgenaamd:a
autoriteiten	autoriteit:n
autoriteitje	autoriteit:n
opga	opgaan:v
opging	opgaan:v
opgaat	opgaan:v
opgingen	opgaan:v
opgaand	opgaan:v
opgegaan	opgaan:v
porseleinen	porselein:n
porseleintje	porselein:n
houders	houder:n
houdertje	houder:n
identificeer	identificeren:v
identificeerde	identificeren:v
identificeert	identificeren:v
identificeerden	identificeren:v
identificerend	identificeren:v
geïdentificeerd	identificeren:v
identiteiten	identiteit:n
voorlopers	voorloper:n
voorlopertje	voorloper:n
ingeef	ingeven:v
ingaf	ingeven:v
ingeeft	ingeven:v
ingaven	ingeven:v
ingevend	ingeven:v
ingegeven	ingeven:v
aandenkens	aandenken:n
aandenkentje	aandenken:n
aandenk	aandenken:v
aandacht	aandenken:v
aandenkt	aandenken:v
aandachten	aandenken:v|aandacht:n
aandenkend	aandenken:v
opkijk	opkijken:v
opkeek	opkijken:v
opkijkt	opkijken:v
opkeken	opkijken:v
opkijkend	opkijken:v
opgekeken	opkijken:v
initiatieven	initiatief:n
initiatiefje	initiatief:n
onderarmen	onderarm:n
onderarmpje	onderarm:n
sluiters	sluiter:n
sluitertje	sluiter:n
projecteer	projecteren:v
projecteerde	projecteren:v
projecteert	projecteren:v
projecteerden	projecteren:v
projecterend	projecteren:v
geprojecteerd	projecteren:v
handboeien	handboei:n
handboeitje	handboei:n
heterogener	heterogeen:a
heterogeenst	heterogeen:a
heterogene	heterogeen:a
heterogenere	heterogeen:a
heterogeenste	heterogeen:a
oudomen	oudoom:n
oudoompje	oudoom:n
suïcidaler	suïcidaal:a
suïcidaalst	suïcidaal:a
suïcidale	suïcidaal:a
suïcidalere	suïcidaal:a
suïcidaalste	suïcidaal:a
wandaden	wandaad:n
wandaadje	wandaad:n
tekenender	tekenend:a
tekenendst	tekenend:a
tekenende	tekenend:a
tekenendere	tekenend:a
tekenendste	tekenend:a
stabiliteiten	stabiliteit:n
instabiliteiten	instabiliteit:n
kandidaturen	kandidatuur:n
kandidatuurtje	kandidatuur:n
inwerkingtredingen	inwerkingtreding:n
massaler	massaal:a
massaalst	massaal:a
massale	massaal:a
massalere	massaal:a
massaalste	massaal:a
locaties	locatie:n
locatietje	locatie:n
ratificaties	ratificatie:n
wachtenden	wachtende:n
schermde	schermen:v
schermt	schermen:v
schermden	schermen:v
schermend	schermen:v
geschermd	schermen:v
afwisselender	afwisselend:a
afwisselendst	afwisselend:a
afwisselende	afwisselend:a
afwisselendere	afwisselend:a
afwisselendste	afwisselend:a
hoofdkwartieren	hoofdkwartier:n
hoofdkwartiertje	hoofdkwartier:n
samenkom	samenkomen:v
samenkwam	samenkomen:v
samenkomt	samenkomen:v
samenkwamen	samenkomen:v
samenkomend	samenkomen:v
samengekomen	samenkomen:v
presiderende	presiderend:a
exclusiever	exclusief:a
exclusiefst	exclusief:a
exclusieve	exclusief:a
exclusievere	exclusief:a
exclusiefste	exclusief:a
verstrek	verstrekken:v
verstrekte	verstrekken:v
verstrekt	verstrekken:v
verstrekten	verstrekken:v
verstrekkend	verstrekken:v
spreidingen	spreiding:n
centralisaties	centralisatie:n
betogers	betoger:n
betogertje	betoger:n
concentraties	concentratie:n
concentratietje	concentratie:n
financierde	financieren:v
financiert	financieren:v
financierden	financieren:v
financierend	financieren:v
gefinancierd	financieren:v
ambitieuzer	ambitieus:a
ambitieust	ambitieus:a
ambitieuze	ambitieus:a
ambitieuzere	ambitieus:a
ambitieuste	ambitieus:a
meta-analyses	meta-analyse:n
renovaties	renovatie:n
renovatietje	renovatie:n
toetredingen	toetreding:n
regendruppels	regendruppel:n
regendruppeltje	regendruppel:n
tektonischer	tektonisch:a
tektonischt	tektonisch:a
tektonische	tektonisch:a
tektonischere	tektonisch:a
tektonischte	tektonisch:a
herbergde	herbergen:v
herbergt	herbergen:v
herbergden	herbergen:v
herbergend	herbergen:v
geherbergd	herbergen:v
secretariaten	secretariaat:n
secretariaatje	secretariaat:n
collectivismen	collectivisme:n
collectivismes	collectivisme:n
collectivismetje	collectivisme:n
stoomlocomotieven	stoomlocomotief:n
stoomlocomotiefje	stoomlocomotief:n
favoriete	favoriet:a
favorieten	favoriet:n
favorietje	favoriet:n
mutagener	mutageen:a
mutageenst	mutageen:a
mutagene	mutageen:a
mutagenere	mutageen:a
mutageenste	mutageen:a
mutagenen	mutageen:n
mutageentje	mutageen:n
fopspenen	fopspeen:n
fopspeentje	fopspeen:n
bezorgdheden	bezorgdheid:n
bezorgdheidje	bezorgdheid:n
decentraliseer	decentraliseren:v
decentraliseerde	decentraliseren:v
decentraliseert	decentraliseren:v
decentraliseerden	decentraliseren:v
decentraliserend	decentraliseren:v
gedecentraliseerd	decentraliseren:v
centraliseer	centraliseren:v
centraliseerde	centraliseren:v
centraliseert	centraliseren:v
centraliseerden	centraliseren:v
centraliserend	centraliseren:v
gecentraliseerd	centraliseren:v
uitwijk	uitwijken:v
uitweek	uitwijken:v
uitwijkt	uitwijken:v
uitweken	uitwijken:v
uitwijkend	uitwijken:v
uitgeweken	uitwijken:v
slakkengangen	slakkengang:n
slakkengangetje	slakkengang:n
Kazak	Kazach:n
plenaire	plenair:a
pluviografen	pluviograaf:n
pluviograafje	pluviograaf:n
zittingen	zitting:n
zittinkje	zitting:n
administratieve	administratief:a
commissarissen	commissaris:n
commissarisje	commissaris:n
stedelijker	stedelijk:a
stedelijkst	stedelijk:a
stedelijke	stedelijk:a
stedelijkere	stedelijk:a
stedelijkste	stedelijk:a
dienstverleningen	dienstverlening:n
concentreer	concentreren:v
concentreerde	concentreren:v
concentreert	concentreren:v
concentreerden	concentreren:v
concentrerend	concentreren:v
geconcentreerd	concentreren:v
voetafdrukken	voetafdruk:n
voetafdrukje	voetafdruk:n
overdek	overdekken:v
overdekte	overdekken:v
overdekt	overdekken:v
overdekten	overdekken:v
overdekkend	overdekken:v
onttrek	onttrekken:v
onttrok	onttrekken:v
onttrekt	onttrekken:v
onttrokken	onttrekken:v
onttrekkend	onttrekken:v
visueler	visueel:a
visueelst	visueel:a
visuele	visueel:a
visuelere	visueel:a
visueelste	visueel:a
faciliteiten	faciliteit:n
faciliteitje	faciliteit:n
emblemen	embleem:n
embleempje	embleem:n
emblemata	embleem:n
polemieken	polemiek:n
polemiekje	polemiek:n
vermelde	vermelden:v
grondleggers	grondlegger:n
grondleggertje	grondlegger:n
gedetailleerder	gedetailleerd:a
gedetailleerdst	gedetailleerd:a
gedetailleerde	gedetailleerd:a
gedetailleerdere	gedetailleerd:a
gedetailleerdste	gedetailleerd:a
eeuwwendes	eeuwwende:n
eeuwwenden	eeuwwende:n
seismografen	seismograaf:n
seismograafje	seismograaf:n
bacteriële	bacterieel:a
authentieker	authentiek:a
authentiekst	authentiek:a
authentieke	authentiek:a
authentiekere	authentiek:a
authentiekste	authentiek:a
havelozer	haveloos:a
haveloost	haveloos:a
haveloze	haveloos:a
havelozere	haveloos:a
havelooste	haveloos:a
bliksemde	bliksemen:v
bliksemt	bliksemen:v
bliksemden	bliksemen:v
bliksemend	bliksemen:v
gebliksemd	bliksemen:v
geniepiger	geniepig:a
geniepigst	geniepig:a
geniepige	geniepig:a
geniepigere	geniepig:a
geniepigste	geniepig:a
paardenlullen	paardenlul:n
paardenlulletje	paardenlul:n
herderinnen	herderin:n
herderinnetje	herderin:n
kerkstukken	kerkstuk:n
kerkstukje	kerkstuk:n
onheilspellender	onheilspellend:a
onheilspellendst	onheilspellend:a
onheilspellende	onheilspellend:a
onheilspellendere	onheilspellend:a
onheilspellendste	onheilspellend:a
vertwijfelde	vertwijfeld:a|vertwijfelen:v
sletteriger	sletterig:a
sletterigst	sletterig:a
sletterige	sletterig:a
sletterigere	sletterig:a
sletterigste	sletterig:a
sletten	slet:n
sletje	slet:n
frivoler	frivool:a
frivoolst	frivool:a
frivole	frivool:a
frivolere	frivool:a
frivoolste	frivool:a
verrekte	verrekt:a|verrekken:v
verrekt	verrekken:v
matelozer	mateloos:a
mateloost	mateloos:a
mateloze	mateloos:a
matelozere	mateloos:a
matelooste	mateloos:a
fictieve	fictief:a
redevoeringen	redevoering:n
redevoerinkje	redevoering:n
Helleenser	Helleens:a
Helleenst	Helleens:a
Helleense	Helleens:a
Helleensere	Helleens:a
Helleenste	Helleens:a
inhoudelijke	inhoudelijk:a
Atheenser	Atheens:a
Atheenst	Atheens:a
Atheense	Atheens:a
Atheensere	Atheens:a
Atheenste	Atheens:a
uitvaarten	uitvaart:n
uitvaartjes	uitvaart:n
gezinde	gezind:a
uitzonderlijkheden	uitzonderlijkheid:n
onverholener	onverholen:a
onverholenst	onverholen:a
onverholenste	onverholen:a
documenteer	documenteren:v
documenteerde	documenteren:v
documenteert	documenteren:v
documenteerden	documenteren:v
documenterend	documenteren:v
gedocumenteerd	documenteren:v
biografischer	biografisch:a
biografischt	biografisch:a
biografische	biografisch:a
biografischere	biografisch:a
biografischte	biografisch:a
overlever	overleveren:v
overleverde	overleveren:v
overlevert	overleveren:v
overleverden	overleveren:v
overleverend	overleveren:v
overgeleverd	overleveren:v
scherpzinniger	scherpzinnig:a
scherpzinnigst	scherpzinnig:a
scherpzinnige	scherpzinnig:a
scherpzinnigere	scherpzinnig:a
scherpzinnigste	scherpzinnig:a
speculaties	speculatie:n
speculatietje	speculatie:n
sterfjaren	sterfjaar:n
holbewoners	holbewoner:n
holbewonertje	holbewoner:n
knofloken	knoflook:n
knoflookje	knoflook:n
trompettisten	trompettist:n
trompettistje	trompettist:n
omloopje	omloop:n
overlopen	overloop:n
overloopje	overloop:n
overlevende	overleven:v
overlevenden	overlevende:n
melancholieker	melancholiek:a
melancholiekst	melancholiek:a
melancholieke	melancholiek:a
melancholiekere	melancholiek:a
melancholiekste	melancholiek:a
gebaarde	gebaren:v|gebaard:a
gebaart	gebaren:v
gebaarden	gebaren:v|gebaarde:n
gebarend	gebaren:v
manuele	manueel:a
genereer	genereren:v
genereerde	genereren:v
genereert	genereren:v
genereerden	genereren:v
genererend	genereren:v
gegenereerd	genereren:v
driedimensionale	driedimensionaal:a
universeler	universeel:a
universeelst	universeel:a
universele	universeel:a
universelere	universeel:a
universeelste	universeel:a
mijlpalen	mijlpaal:n
mijlpaaltje	mijlpaal:n
verdrukkingen	verdrukking:n
combineer	combineren:v
combineerde	combineren:v
combineert	combineren:v
combineerden	combineren:v
combinerend	combineren:v
gecombineerd	combineren:v
21e	eenentwintigste:a
21ste	eenentwintigste:a
beknopter	beknopt:a
beknoptst	beknopt:a
beknopte	beknopt:a
beknoptere	beknopt:a
beknoptste	beknopt:a
memoriseer	memoriseren:v
memoriseerde	memoriseren:v
memoriseert	memoriseren:v
memoriseerden	memoriseren:v
memoriserend	memoriseren:v
gememoriseerd	memoriseren:v
onderrichters	onderrichter:n
onderrichtertje	onderrichter:n
accurater	accuraat:a
accuraatst	accuraat:a
accuratere	accuraat:a
accuraatste	accuraat:a
doorzet	doorzetten:v
doorzette	doorzetten:v
doorzettend	doorzetten:v
doorgezet	doorzetten:v
aanreik	aanreiken:v
aanreikte	aanreiken:v
aanreikt	aanreiken:v
aanreikten	aanreiken:v
aanreikend	aanreiken:v
aangereikt	aanreiken:v
overleveringen	overlevering:n
overleveringetje	overlevering:n
overleverinkje	overlevering:n
boedels	boedel:n
boedeltje	boedel:n
adellijker	adellijk:a
adellijkst	adellijk:a
adellijke	adellijk:a
adellijkere	adellijk:a
adellijkste	adellijk:a
aanleer	aanleren:v
aanleerde	aanleren:v
aanleert	aanleren:v
aanleerden	aanleren:v
aanlerend	aanleren:v
aangeleerd	aanleren:v
opmarsen	opmars:n
implantaten	implantaat:n
implantaatje	implantaat:n
verwervingen	verwerving:n
auditiever	auditief:a
auditiefst	auditief:a
auditieve	auditief:a
auditievere	auditief:a
auditiefste	auditief:a
lokalisaties	lokalisatie:n
lokalisatietje	lokalisatie:n
erfelijke	erfelijk:a
sociolinguïstische	sociolinguïstisch:a
dovenscholen	dovenschool:n
dovenschooltje	dovenschool:n
omgekeerde	omgekeerd:a
denominaties	denominatie:n
denominatietje	denominatie:n
stokbewaarders	stokbewaarder:n
stokbewaardertje	stokbewaarder:n
Brusselaartje	Brusselaar:n
halfbroers	halfbroer:n
halfbroertje	halfbroer:n
stiefbroers	stiefbroer:n
stiefbroertje	stiefbroer:n
mangoesten	mangoeste:n
mangoestje	mangoeste:n
afwerkingen	afwerking:n
afwerkinkje	afwerking:n
antidepressiva	antidepressivum:n
wetsbrekers	wetsbreker:n
wetsbrekertje	wetsbreker:n
gehandicapte	gehandicapt:a
smake	smaken:v
dynastieke	dynastiek:a
dynastieker	dynastiek:a
dynastiekst	dynastiek:a
dynastiekere	dynastiek:a
dynastiekste	dynastiek:a
chansonniers	chansonnier:n
dictaturen	dictatuur:n
dictatuurtje	dictatuur:n
Caraïbischer	Caraïbisch:a
Caraïbischt	Caraïbisch:a
Caraïbische	Caraïbisch:a
Caraïbischere	Caraïbisch:a
Caraïbischte	Caraïbisch:a
Caribischer	Caribisch:a
Caribischt	Caribisch:a
Caribische	Caribisch:a
Caribischere	Caribisch:a
Caribischte	Caribisch:a
kiekje	kiek:n
kieks	kiek:n
pluimages	pluimage:n
pluimagetje	pluimage:n
mogendheden	mogendheid:n
mogendheidje	mogendheid:n
precolumbiaanse	precolumbiaans:a
behoudender	behoudend:a
behoudendst	behoudend:a
behoudende	behoudend:a
behoudendere	behoudend:a
behoudendste	behoudend:a
protectoraten	protectoraat:n
protectoraatje	protectoraat:n
revolutionairen	revolutionair:n
revolutionairtje	revolutionair:n
revolutionairder	revolutionair:a
revolutionairst	revolutionair:a
revolutionaire	revolutionair:a
revolutionairdere	revolutionair:a
revolutionairste	revolutionair:a
mislukter	mislukt:a
misluktst	mislukt:a
misluktere	mislukt:a
misluktste	mislukt:a
getrouwen	getrouwe:n
savannen	savanne:n
savannes	savanne:n
savannetje	savanne:n
kasuarissen	kasuaris:n
kasuarisje	kasuaris:n
geleedpotigen	geleedpotige:n
geleedpotige	geleedpotig:a
idd	inderdaad:d
lendendoeken	lendendoek:n
lendendoekje	lendendoek:n
cassaves	cassave:n
zitjes	zitje:n
kalebassen	kalebas:n
kalebasje	kalebas:n
afdek	afdekken:v
afdekte	afdekken:v
afdekt	afdekken:v
afdekten	afdekken:v
afdekkend	afdekken:v
afgedekt	afdekken:v
oorlogvoerende	oorlogvoerend:a
splenectomieën	splenectomie:n
splenectomietje	splenectomie:n
onbetwister	onbetwist:a
onbetwistst	onbetwist:a
onbetwiste	onbetwist:a
onbetwistere	onbetwist:a
onbetwistste	onbetwist:a
zirkonen	zirkoon:n
zirkoontje	zirkoon:n
schaam	schamen:v
tweelingen	tweeling:n
tweelingetje	tweeling:n
euhs	euh:n
technici	technicus:n
grasvelden	grasveld:n
grasveldje	grasveld:n
origineler	origineel:a
origineelst	origineel:a
originele	origineel:a
originelere	origineel:a
origineelste	origineel:a
gietingen	gieting:n
gietinkje	gieting:n
beiaarden	beiaard:n
beiaards	beiaard:n
beiaardje	beiaard:n
gieterijen	gieterij:n
gieterijtje	gieterij:n
violistes	violiste:n
bakkesen	bakkes:n
bakkesje	bakkes:n
volgzamer	volgzaam:a
volgzaamst	volgzaam:a
volgzame	volgzaam:a
volgzamere	volgzaam:a
volgzaamste	volgzaam:a
omzichtigheden	omzichtigheid:n
alpenhoorns	alpenhoorn:n
alpenhoorntje	alpenhoorn:n
heilstaten	heilstaat:n
heilstaatje	heilstaat:n
koningspinguïns	koningspinguïn:n
koningspinguïntje	koningspinguïn:n
koningspinguïnnetje	koningspinguïn:n
ezelspinguïns	ezelspinguïn:n
ezelspinguïntje	ezelspinguïn:n
ezelspinguïnnetje	ezelspinguïn:n
keizerspinguïns	keizerspinguïn:n
keizerspinguïntje	keizerspinguïn:n
keizerspinguïnnetje	keizerspinguïn:n
sociologen	socioloog:n|sociologe:n
socioloogje	socioloog:n
filosofischer	filosofisch:a
filosofischt	filosofisch:a
filosofische	filosofisch:a
filosofischere	filosofisch:a
filosofischte	filosofisch:a
onverenigbaarder	onverenigbaar:a
onverenigbaarst	onverenigbaar:a
onverenigbare	onverenigbaar:a
onverenigbaardere	onverenigbaar:a
onverenigbaarste	onverenigbaar:a
rotsvaster	rotsvast:a
rotsvastst	rotsvast:a
rotsvaste	rotsvast:a
rotsvastere	rotsvast:a
rotsvastste	rotsvast:a
onlosmakelijke	onlosmakelijk:a
verbondje	verbond:n
volgelingen	volgeling:n
volgelingetje	volgeling:n
diepgaander	diepgaand:a
diepgaandst	diepgaand:a
diepgaande	diepgaand:a
diepgaandere	diepgaand:a
diepgaandste	diepgaand:a
diepergaand	diepgaand:a
diepergaande	diepgaand:a
diepstgaande	diepgaand:a
hebzuchtiger	hebzuchtig:a
hebzuchtigst	hebzuchtig:a
hebzuchtige	hebzuchtig:a
hebzuchtigere	hebzuchtig:a
hebzuchtigste	hebzuchtig:a
goldrushes	goldrush:n
bovenkleden	bovenkleed:n
bovenkleedje	bovenkleed:n
academischer	academisch:a
academischt	academisch:a
academische	academisch:a
academischere	academisch:a
academischte	academisch:a
trommelaars	trommelaar:n
trommelaartje	trommelaar:n
zwabbergasten	zwabbergast:n
zwabbergastje	zwabbergast:n
gynocides	gynocide:n
gynocidetje	gynocide:n
abortoria	abortorium:n
abortoriumpje	abortorium:n
herkenbare	herkenbaar:a
geleidde	geleiden:v
geleidt	geleiden:v
geleidden	geleiden:v
geleidend	geleiden:v
elastischer	elastisch:a
elastischt	elastisch:a
elastische	elastisch:a
elastischere	elastisch:a
elastischte	elastisch:a
weetjes	weetje:n
onverschilliger	onverschillig:a
onverschilligst	onverschillig:a
onverschillige	onverschillig:a
onverschilligere	onverschillig:a
onverschilligste	onverschillig:a
dagenlange	dagenlang:a
goddelijkheden	goddelijkheid:n
vormlozer	vormloos:a
vormloost	vormloos:a
vormloze	vormloos:a
vormlozere	vormloos:a
vormlooste	vormloos:a
heelallen	heelal:n
heelalletje	heelal:n
octaven	octaaf:n
octaafje	octaaf:n
deelbaarder	deelbaar:a
deelbaarst	deelbaar:a
deelbare	deelbaar:a
deelbaardere	deelbaar:a
deelbaarste	deelbaar:a
Ardenne	Ardennen:m
activeer	activeren:v
activeerde	activeren:v
activeert	activeren:v
activeerden	activeren:v
activerend	activeren:v
geactiveerd	activeren:v
distributies	distributie:n
distributietje	distributie:n
rukbunkers	rukbunker:n
rukbunkertje	rukbunker:n
planetoïden	planetoïde:n
planetoïdetje	planetoïde:n
zeerovers	zeerover:n
zeerovertje	zeerover:n
wandtapijten	wandtapijt:n
wandtapijtje	wandtapijt:n
zee-egels	zee-egel:n
zee-egeltje	zee-egel:n
miauw	miauwen:v
miauwde	miauwen:v
miauwt	miauwen:v
miauwden	miauwen:v
miauwend	miauwen:v
gemiauwd	miauwen:v
koningsmoorden	koningsmoord:n
koningsmoordje	koningsmoord:n
toeristes	toeriste:n
toeristetje	toeriste:n
luzernes	luzerne:n
luzernen	luzerne:n
klinische	klinisch:a
fregatten	fregat:n
fregatje	fregat:n
Ripuarischer	Ripuarisch:a
Ripuarischt	Ripuarisch:a
Ripuarische	Ripuarisch:a
Ripuarischere	Ripuarisch:a
Ripuarischte	Ripuarisch:a
kruisridders	kruisridder:n
kruisriddertje	kruisridder:n
tempelridders	tempelridder:n
tempelriddertje	tempelridder:n
Filistijnen	Filistijn:n
Filistijntje	Filistijn:n
fluweelzachter	fluweelzacht:a
fluweelzachtst	fluweelzacht:a
fluweelzachte	fluweelzacht:a
fluweelzachtere	fluweelzacht:a
fluweelzachtste	fluweelzacht:a
synthetiseer	synthetiseren:v
synthetiseerde	synthetiseren:v
synthetiseert	synthetiseren:v
synthetiseerden	synthetiseren:v
synthetiserend	synthetiseren:v
gesynthetiseerd	synthetiseren:v
omwentelingslichamen	omwentelingslichaam:n
ineffectiever	ineffectief:a
ineffectiefst	ineffectief:a
ineffectieve	ineffectief:a
ineffectievere	ineffectief:a
ineffectiefste	ineffectief:a
Kazachen	Kazach:n
Kazachje	Kazach:n
fregatvogels	fregatvogel:n
fregatvogeltje	fregatvogel:n
zeevogels	zeevogel:n
zeevogeltje	zeevogel:n
brandsticht	brandstichten:v
brandstichtte	brandstichten:v
brandstichtten	brandstichten:v
brandstichtend	brandstichten:v
brandgesticht	brandstichten:v
Dalmatiërs	Dalmatiër:n
Dalmatiërtje	Dalmatiër:n
tijgerhaaien	tijgerhaai:n
tijgerhaaitje	tijgerhaai:n
steenezels	steenezel:n
steenezeltje	steenezel:n
psychologische	psychologisch:a
psychischer	psychisch:a
psychischt	psychisch:a
psychische	psychisch:a
psychischere	psychisch:a
psychischte	psychisch:a
inwoners	inwoner:n
inwonertje	inwoner:n
Sovjet-Unie	Sovjetunie:m
Georgischer	Georgisch:a
Georgischt	Georgisch:a
Georgische	Georgisch:a
Georgischere	Georgisch:a
Georgischte	Georgisch:a
hernieuw	hernieuwen:v
hernieuwde	hernieuwen:v
hernieuwt	hernieuwen:v
hernieuwden	hernieuwen:v
hernieuwend	hernieuwen:v
hernieuwd	hernieuwen:v
buurlanden	buurland:n
buurlandje	buurland:n
fitties	fittie:n
fittietje	fittie:n
Finsen	Finse:n
ouderen	oudere:n
vazalstaten	vazalstaat:n
vazalstaatje	vazalstaat:n
koningschappen	koningschap:n
koningschapje	koningschap:n
Georgiërs	Georgiër:n
Georgiërtje	Georgiër:n
anarchismen	anarchisme:n
anarchismes	anarchisme:n
anarchismetje	anarchisme:n
spaarzegels	spaarzegel:n
spaarzegeltje	spaarzegel:n
vingerringen	vingerring:n
vingerringetje	vingerring:n
bieps	biep:n
biepje	biep:n
zegelde	zegelen:v
zegelt	zegelen:v
zegelden	zegelen:v
zegelend	zegelen:v
gezegeld	zegelen:v
vuurvaster	vuurvast:a
vuurvastst	vuurvast:a
vuurvaste	vuurvast:a
vuurvastere	vuurvast:a
vuurvastste	vuurvast:a
Oost-Vlaamser	Oost-Vlaams:a
Oost-Vlaamst	Oost-Vlaams:a
Oost-Vlaamse	Oost-Vlaams:a
Oost-Vlaamsere	Oost-Vlaams:a
Oost-Vlaamste	Oost-Vlaams:a
schuddingen	schudding:n
schuddinkje	schudding:n
kwartette	kwartetten:v
kwartettend	kwartetten:v
gekwartet	kwartetten:v
denkfouten	denkfout:n
denkfoutje	denkfout:n
gevoelens	gevoel:n|gevoelen:n
gevoelen	gevoel:n
gevoel	gevoelen:v
koningser	konings:a
koningst	konings:a
koningse	konings:a
koningsere	konings:a
koningste	konings:a
theorema's	theorema:n
theoremaatje	theorema:n
Assameser	Assamees:a
Assameest	Assamees:a
Assamese	Assamees:a
Assamesere	Assamees:a
Assameeste	Assamees:a
Assamezen	Assamees:n
pontificale	pontificaal:a
perverser	pervers:a
perverst	pervers:a
perversere	pervers:a
perverste	pervers:a
Luxemburgerder	Luxemburger:a
Luxemburgerdere	Luxemburger:a
Luxemburgerste	Luxemburger:a
hondelijn	hondenlijn:n
opdaag	opdagen:v
opdaagde	opdagen:v
opdaagt	opdagen:v
opdaagden	opdagen:v
opdagend	opdagen:v
opgedaagd	opdagen:v
eikenbomen	eikenboom:n
eikenboompje	eikenboom:n
notenbomen	notenboom:n
notenboompje	notenboom:n
akeliger	akelig:a
akeligst	akelig:a
akelige	akelig:a
akeligere	akelig:a
akeligste	akelig:a
klooi	klooien:v
klooide	klooien:v
klooit	klooien:v
klooiden	klooien:v
klooiend	klooien:v
geklooid	klooien:v
klooien	klooi:n
klooitje	klooi:n
wroet	wroeten:v
wroette	wroeten:v
wroetten	wroeten:v
wroetend	wroeten:v
gewroet	wroeten:v
glunder	glunderen:v
glunderde	glunderen:v
glundert	glunderen:v
glunderden	glunderen:v
glunderend	glunderen:v
geglunderd	glunderen:v
waterhoenen	waterhoen:n
waterhoenders	waterhoen:n
waterhoentje	waterhoen:n
wonderkinderen	wonderkind:n
wonderkindje	wonderkind:n
acrylzuren	acrylzuur:n
acrylzuurtje	acrylzuur:n
zwavelzuren	zwavelzuur:n
puntmutsen	puntmuts:n
puntmutsje	puntmuts:n
idealismes	idealisme:n
idealismetje	idealisme:n
aarsmaden	aarsmade:n
aarsmadetje	aarsmade:n
kietelbeurten	kietelbeurt:n
kietelbeurtje	kietelbeurt:n
zwangere	zwanger:a
comateuzer	comateus:a
comateust	comateus:a
comateuze	comateus:a
comateuzere	comateus:a
comateuste	comateus:a
co-enzymen	co-enzym:n
coënzym	co-enzym:n
cursiefjes	cursiefje:n
sjabrakken	sjabrak:n
sjabrakje	sjabrak:n
schabrak	sjabrak:n
storax	styrax:n
geestdodender	geestdodend:a
geestdodendst	geestdodend:a
geestdodende	geestdodend:a
geestdodendere	geestdodend:a
geestdodendste	geestdodend:a
dodender	dodend:a
dodendst	dodend:a
dodende	dodend:a
dodendere	dodend:a
dodendste	dodend:a
gluiperiger	gluiperig:a
gluiperigst	gluiperig:a
gluiperige	gluiperig:a
gluiperigere	gluiperig:a
gluiperigste	gluiperig:a
micronaties	micronatie:n
micronatietje	micronatie:n
ministaten	ministaat:n
ministaatje	ministaat:n
herlevingen	herleving:n
soevereine	soeverein:a
simulaties	simulatie:n
simulatietje	simulatie:n
recommandaties	recommandatie:n
belicht	belichten:v
belichtte	belichten:v
belichtten	belichten:v
belichtend	belichten:v
stichten	sticht:n
humoristischer	humoristisch:a
humoristischt	humoristisch:a
humoristische	humoristisch:a
humoristischere	humoristisch:a
humoristischte	humoristisch:a
gradaties	gradatie:n
gradatietje	gradatie:n
wedijver	wedijveren:v
wedijverde	wedijveren:v
wedijvert	wedijveren:v
wedijverden	wedijveren:v
wedijverend	wedijveren:v
gewedijverd	wedijveren:v
diplomatieker	diplomatiek:a
diplomatiekst	diplomatiek:a
diplomatieke	diplomatiek:a
diplomatiekere	diplomatiek:a
diplomatiekste	diplomatiek:a
geraak	geraken:v
geraakte	geraken:v
geraakten	geraken:v
gerakend	geraken:v
redemptoristen	redemptorist:n
redemptoristje	redemptorist:n
monnikskappen	monnikskap:n
monnikskapje	monnikskap:n
naleef	naleven:v
naleefde	naleven:v
naleeft	naleven:v
naleefden	naleven:v
nalevend	naleven:v
nageleefd	naleven:v
nalevens	naleven:n
vragelijker	vragelijk:a
vragelijkst	vragelijk:a
vragelijke	vragelijk:a
vragelijkere	vragelijk:a
vragelijkste	vragelijk:a
kiesdistricten	kiesdistrict:n
kiesdistrictje	kiesdistrict:n
lichaamstalen	lichaamstaal:n
lichaamstaaltje	lichaamstaal:n
lichaamshoudingen	lichaamshouding:n
lichaamshoudinkje	lichaamshouding:n
binnenlandse	binnenlands:a
kunstbenen	kunstbeen:n
kunstbeentje	kunstbeen:n
overleve	overleven:v
tittels	tittel:n
titteltje	tittel:n
Oekraïensen	Oekraïense:n
aanwezens	aanwezen:n
voorronden	voorronde:n
voorrondes	voorronde:n
voorrondetje	voorronde:n
gedaagden	gedaagde:n
daggetje	dagge:n
dagge	dag:n
veldofficieren	veldofficier:n
veldofficiertje	veldofficier:n
vlegelsmannen	vlegelsman:n
vlegelsmannetje	vlegelsman:n
Romanen	Romaan:n
Romaantje	Romaan:n
verleningen	verlening:n
verleninkje	verlening:n
foutenmarge	foutmarge:n
foutmarges	foutmarge:n
foutmargetje	foutmarge:n
streef	streven:v
streefde	streven:v
streeft	streven:v
streefden	streven:v
strevend	streven:v
gestreefd	streven:v
ondeugdelijker	ondeugdelijk:a
ondeugdelijkst	ondeugdelijk:a
ondeugdelijke	ondeugdelijk:a
ondeugdelijkere	ondeugdelijk:a
ondeugdelijkste	ondeugdelijk:a
dienstroosters	dienstrooster:n
dienstroostertje	dienstrooster:n
toezeg	toezeggen:v
toezei	toezeggen:v
toezegde	toezeggen:v
toezegt	toezeggen:v
toezeiden	toezeggen:v
toezegden	toezeggen:v
toezeggend	toezeggen:v
toegezegd	toezeggen:v
pachters	pachter:n
pachtertje	pachter:n
onderaannemers	onderaannemer:n
onderaannemertje	onderaannemer:n
strottehoofd	strottenhoofd:n
schoolbussen	schoolbus:n
schoolbusje	schoolbus:n
pendelaars	pendelaar:n
pendelaartje	pendelaar:n
forensen	forens:n
forenzen	forens:n
forensje	forens:n
exploitaties	exploitatie:n
exploitatietje	exploitatie:n
exploiteer	exploiteren:v
exploiteerde	exploiteren:v
exploiteert	exploiteren:v
exploiteerden	exploiteren:v
exploiterend	exploiteren:v
geëxploiteerd	exploiteren:v
z.g.	zogenaamd:a
gedeputeerde	gedeputeerd:a
aanblijf	aanblijven:v
aanbleef	aanblijven:v
aanblijft	aanblijven:v
aanbleven	aanblijven:v
aanblijvend	aanblijven:v
aangebleven	aanblijven:v
spaarrekeningen	spaarrekening:n
spaarrekeningetje	spaarrekening:n
marginaler	marginaal:a
marginaalst	marginaal:a
marginalere	marginaal:a
marginaalste	marginaal:a
marginalen	marginaal:n
marginaaltje	marginaal:n
kape	kapen:v
speelsteden	speelstad:n
speelstadje	speelstad:n
treurigmakender	treurigmakend:a
treurigmakendst	treurigmakend:a
treurigmakende	treurigmakend:a
treurigmakendere	treurigmakend:a
treurigmakendste	treurigmakend:a
warboelen	warboel:n
warboeltje	warboel:n
inlegzolen	inlegzool:n
inlegzooltje	inlegzool:n
jazzzangers	jazzzanger:n
jazzzangertje	jazzzanger:n
jazzzangeressen	jazzzangeres:n
jazzzangerestje	jazzzangeres:n
jazz-zanger	jazzzanger:n
kyste	cyste:n
zigeunerfamilies	zigeunerfamilie:n
zigeunerfamilietje	zigeunerfamilie:n
vierkantswortels	vierkantswortel:n
vierkantsworteltje	vierkantswortel:n
desastreuzer	desastreus:a
desastreust	desastreus:a
desastreuze	desastreus:a
desastreuzere	desastreus:a
desastreuste	desastreus:a
afgekeurde	afgekeurd:a
gokte	gokken:v
gokt	gokken:v
gokten	gokken:v
gokkend	gokken:v
gegokt	gokken:v
culmineer	culmineren:v
culmineerde	culmineren:v
culmineert	culmineren:v
culmineerden	culmineren:v
culminerend	culmineren:v
geculmineerd	culmineren:v
regelmaten	regelmaat:n
regelmaatje	regelmaat:n
Parijsen	Parijse:n
scandaleuzer	scandaleus:a
scandaleust	scandaleus:a
scandaleuze	scandaleus:a
scandaleuzere	scandaleus:a
scandaleuste	scandaleus:a
liederlijker	liederlijk:a
liederlijkst	liederlijk:a
liederlijke	liederlijk:a
liederlijkere	liederlijk:a
liederlijkste	liederlijk:a
berooider	berooid:a
berooidst	berooid:a
berooide	berooid:a
berooidere	berooid:a
berooidste	berooid:a
uitputtingen	uitputting:n
combinaties	combinatie:n
combinatietje	combinatie:n
roepnamen	roepnaam:n
roepnaampje	roepnaam:n
flikflooi	flikflooien:v
flikflooide	flikflooien:v
flikflooit	flikflooien:v
flikflooiden	flikflooien:v
flikflooiend	flikflooien:v
geflikflooid	flikflooien:v
vlooide	vlooien:v
vlooit	vlooien:v
vlooiden	vlooien:v
vlooiend	vlooien:v
gevlooid	vlooien:v
snelde	snellen:v
snelt	snellen:v
snelden	snellen:v
snellend	snellen:v
gesneld	snellen:v
verbintenissen	verbintenis:n
verbintenisje	verbintenis:n
losbollen	losbol:n
losbolletje	losbol:n
grootvorstinnen	grootvorstin:n
grootvorstinnetje	grootvorstin:n
variabiliteiten	variabiliteit:n
zeepbomen	zeepboom:n
zeepboompje	zeepboom:n
lexicografen	lexicograaf:n
lexicograafje	lexicograaf:n
stokslagen	stokslag:n
stokslagje	stokslag:n
janhagels	janhagel:n
janhageltje	janhagel:n
gokschulden	gokschuld:n
gokschuldje	gokschuld:n
goktenten	goktent:n
goktentje	goktent:n
kontneuk	kontneuken:v
kontneukte	kontneuken:v
kontneukt	kontneuken:v
kontneukten	kontneuken:v
kontneukend	kontneuken:v
gekontneukt	kontneuken:v
kontekletsers	kontekletser:n
kontekletsertje	kontekletser:n
kontkletsers	kontekletser:n
kontkletsertje	kontekletser:n
kletsregen	kletsregenen:v
kletsregende	kletsregenen:v
kletsregent	kletsregenen:v
kletsregenden	kletsregenen:v
kletsregenend	kletsregenen:v
gekletsregend	kletsregenen:v
wijnhandelaars	wijnhandelaar:n
wijnhandelaartje	wijnhandelaar:n
doodbidders	doodbidder:n
doodbiddertje	doodbidder:n
dichtbundels	dichtbundel:n
dichtbundeltje	dichtbundel:n
plooien	plooi:n
plooitje	plooi:n
plooi	plooien:v
plooide	plooien:v
plooit	plooien:v
plooiden	plooien:v
plooiend	plooien:v
geplooid	plooien:v
grimlachen	grimlach:n
grimlachje	grimlach:n
snikte	snikken:v
snikt	snikken:v
snikten	snikken:v
snikkend	snikken:v
gesnikt	snikken:v
cynischer	cynisch:a
cynischt	cynisch:a
cynische	cynisch:a
cynischere	cynisch:a
cynischte	cynisch:a
zandzakken	zandzak:n
zandzakje	zandzak:n
verdwijningen	verdwijning:n
borstbeelden	borstbeeld:n
borstbeeldje	borstbeeld:n
mystificaties	mystificatie:n
mystificatietje	mystificatie:n
depressiviteiten	depressiviteit:n
piekte	pieken:v
piekt	pieken:v
piekten	pieken:v
piekend	pieken:v
gepiekt	pieken:v
knikkers	knikker:n
knikkertje	knikker:n
dolheden	dolheid:n
dolheidje	dolheid:n
kerkgangers	kerkganger:n
kerkgangertje	kerkganger:n
bedsteden	bedstee:n
bedstedes	bedstee:n
bedsteetje	bedstee:n
bedstede	bedstee:n
biografen	biograaf:n
biograafje	biograaf:n
rillen	ril:n
worging	wurging:n
worgen	wurgen:v
teloorga	teloorgaan:v
teloorging	teloorgaan:v
teloorgaat	teloorgaan:v
teloorgingen	teloorgaan:v
teloorgaand	teloorgaan:v
teloorgegaan	teloorgaan:v
uitdelg	uitdelgen:v
uitdelgde	uitdelgen:v
uitdelgt	uitdelgen:v
uitdelgden	uitdelgen:v
uitdelgend	uitdelgen:v
uitgedelgd	uitdelgen:v
liegers	lieger:n
liegertje	lieger:n
binnenzakken	binnenzak:n
binnenzakje	binnenzak:n
rijpte	rijpen:v
rijpt	rijpen:v
rijpten	rijpen:v
rijpend	rijpen:v
gerijpt	rijpen:v
huiselijker	huiselijk:a
huiselijkst	huiselijk:a
huiselijke	huiselijk:a
huiselijkere	huiselijk:a
huiselijkste	huiselijk:a
handschriften	handschrift:n
handschriftje	handschrift:n
verkort	verkorten:v
verkorte	verkorten:v
ongebruikelijker	ongebruikelijk:a
ongebruikelijkst	ongebruikelijk:a
ongebruikelijke	ongebruikelijk:a
ongebruikelijkere	ongebruikelijk:a
ongebruikelijkste	ongebruikelijk:a
krachtpatsers	krachtpatser:n
krachtpatsertje	krachtpatser:n
schilde	schillen:v
schilt	schillen:v
schillend	schillen:v
geschild	schillen:v
zakmessen	zakmes:n
zakmesje	zakmes:n
41e	eenenveertigste:a
refereer	refereren:v
refereerde	refereren:v
refereert	refereren:v
refereerden	refereren:v
refererend	refereren:v
gerefereerd	refereren:v
Babylonischer	Babylonisch:a
Babylonischt	Babylonisch:a
Babylonische	Babylonisch:a
Babylonischere	Babylonisch:a
Babylonischte	Babylonisch:a
ziggoerats	ziggoerat:n
terugloop	teruglopen:v
terugliep	teruglopen:v
terugloopt	teruglopen:v
terugliepen	teruglopen:v
teruglopend	teruglopen:v
teruggelopen	teruglopen:v
ongedeelde	ongedeeld:a
kiesrechten	kiesrecht:n
kiesrechtje	kiesrecht:n
adoptiefzoon	adoptiezoon:n
geadopteerden	geadopteerde:n
adoptieouders	adoptieouder:n
adoptieoudertje	adoptieouder:n
ouderschappen	ouderschap:n
ouderschapje	ouderschap:n
ouderplichten	ouderplicht:n
ouderplichtje	ouderplicht:n
schuifdaken	schuifdak:n
schuifdakje	schuifdak:n
adoptieve	adoptief:a
gojse	gojs:a
gojimse	gojims:a
gojims	goj:n
gojim	goj:n
gojtje	goj:n
grootvorsten	grootvorst:n
grootvorstje	grootvorst:n
karne	karnen:v
Leidser	Leids:a
Leidst	Leids:a
Leidse	Leids:a
Leidsere	Leids:a
Leidste	Leids:a
exter	ekster:n
ezelsoren	ezelsoor:n
ezelsoortje	ezelsoor:n
tokkel	tokkelen:v
tokkelde	tokkelen:v
tokkelt	tokkelen:v
tokkelden	tokkelen:v
tokkelend	tokkelen:v
getokkeld	tokkelen:v
bikkels	bikkel:n
bikkeltje	bikkel:n
kardinaalschappen	kardinaalschap:n
stationsromans	stationsroman:n
stationsromannetje	stationsroman:n
stamhoofden	stamhoofd:n
stamhoofdje	stamhoofd:n
stamoudsten	stamoudste:n
intensivisten	intensivist:n
grootbreng	grootbrengen:v
grootbracht	grootbrengen:v
grootbrengt	grootbrengen:v
grootbrachten	grootbrengen:v
grootbrengend	grootbrengen:v
grootgebracht	grootbrengen:v
kraanmannen	kraanman:n
kraanmannetje	kraanman:n
verbrandingskamers	verbrandingskamer:n
verbrandingskamertje	verbrandingskamer:n
goudzoekers	goudzoeker:n
goudzoekertje	goudzoeker:n
goudmijnen	goudmijn:n
goudmijntje	goudmijn:n
goudkoortsje	goudkoorts:n
koortsiger	koortsig:a
koortsigst	koortsig:a
koortsige	koortsig:a
koortsigere	koortsig:a
koortsigste	koortsig:a
koortsachtiger	koortsachtig:a
koortsachtigst	koortsachtig:a
koortsachtige	koortsachtig:a
koortsachtigere	koortsachtig:a
koortsachtigste	koortsachtig:a
koortslijders	koortslijder:n
koortslijdertje	koortslijder:n
tronken	tronk:n
tronkje	tronk:n
schatrijker	schatrijk:a
schatrijkst	schatrijk:a
schatrijke	schatrijk:a
schatrijkere	schatrijk:a
schatrijkste	schatrijk:a
gefortuneerder	gefortuneerd:a
gefortuneerdst	gefortuneerd:a
gefortuneerde	gefortuneerd:a
gefortuneerdere	gefortuneerd:a
gefortuneerdste	gefortuneerd:a
vestalen	vestale:n
schatplichtiger	schatplichtig:a
schatplichtigst	schatplichtig:a
schatplichtige	schatplichtig:a
schatplichtigere	schatplichtig:a
schatplichtigste	schatplichtig:a
kaulo	kaolo:a
radja's	radja:n
radjaatje	radja:n
echtmannen	echtman:n
echtelieden	echtman:n
echtmannetje	echtman:n
philosophisch	filosofisch:a
reike	reiken:v
rijkaarden	rijkaard:n
rijkaards	rijkaard:n
rijkaardje	rijkaard:n
rijkbedeelder	rijkbedeeld:a
rijkbedeeldst	rijkbedeeld:a
rijkbedeelde	rijkbedeeld:a
rijkbedeeldere	rijkbedeeld:a
rijkbedeeldste	rijkbedeeld:a
janmaats	janmaat:n
janmaatje	janmaat:n
koksmaats	koksmaat:n
koksmaten	koksmaat:n
koksmaatje	koksmaat:n
landrassen	landras:n
bedoeïenen	bedoeïen:n
bedoeïentje	bedoeïen:n
waterdragers	waterdrager:n
waterdragertje	waterdrager:n
veulendragende	veulendragend:a
trouvères	trouvère:n
trouvèretje	trouvère:n
stokstijve	stokstijf:a
uurroosters	uurrooster:n
uurroostertje	uurrooster:n
faillissementen	faillissement:n
faillissementje	faillissement:n
stadjers	stadjer:n
hiërogliefen	hiëroglief:n
hiërogliefje	hiëroglief:n
maalstenen	maalsteen:n
maalsteentje	maalsteen:n
molenstenen	molensteen:n
molensteentje	molensteen:n
wastafels	wastafel:n
wastafeltje	wastafel:n
damassés	damassé:n
damasseetje	damassé:n
vlijmscherper	vlijmscherp:a
vlijmscherpst	vlijmscherp:a
vlijmscherpe	vlijmscherp:a
vlijmscherpere	vlijmscherp:a
vlijmscherpste	vlijmscherp:a
vlijmen	vlijm:n
vlijmpje	vlijm:n
helpe	helpen:v
damasten	damast:n
damastachtiger	damastachtig:a
damastachtigst	damastachtig:a
damastachtige	damastachtig:a
damastachtigere	damastachtig:a
damastachtigste	damastachtig:a
toonbeelden	toonbeeld:n
toonbeeldje	toonbeeld:n
begrafenisondernemers	begrafenisondernemer:n
begrafenisondernemertje	begrafenisondernemer:n
superhelden	superheld:n
superheldje	superheld:n
mehari's	mehari:n
brandstapels	brandstapel:n
brandstapeltje	brandstapel:n
sluikstorten	sluikstort:n
sluikstortje	sluikstort:n
sluikstort	sluikstorten:v
sluikstortte	sluikstorten:v
sluikstortten	sluikstorten:v
sluikstortend	sluikstorten:v
gesluikstort	sluikstorten:v
Surinamers	Surinamer:n
Surinamertje	Surinamer:n
negenvouden	negenvoud:n
negenvoudiger	negenvoudig:a
negenvoudigst	negenvoudig:a
negenvoudige	negenvoudig:a
negenvoudigere	negenvoudig:a
negenvoudigste	negenvoudig:a
enkelvoudiger	enkelvoudig:a
enkelvoudigst	enkelvoudig:a
enkelvoudige	enkelvoudig:a
enkelvoudigere	enkelvoudig:a
enkelvoudigste	enkelvoudig:a
dromers	dromer:n
dromertje	dromer:n
peulschil	peulenschil:n
akkefietjes	akkefietje:n
proefballonnen	proefballon:n
proefballonnetje	proefballon:n
huzaren	huzaar:n
huzaartje	huzaar:n
opcentiemen	opcentiem:n
opcentiempje	opcentiem:n
centiemen	centiem:n
centiempje	centiem:n
ongetrouwde	ongetrouwd:a
tweevoeten	tweevoet:n
tweevoetje	tweevoet:n
muismatten	muismat:n
muismatje	muismat:n
tritsen	trits:n
tweevoeters	tweevoeter:n
tweevoetertje	tweevoeter:n
tweevoetse	tweevoets:a
tweepoten	tweepoot:n
tweepootje	tweepoot:n
tweepotige	tweepotig:a
tweevoetiger	tweevoetig:a
tweevoetigst	tweevoetig:a
tweevoetige	tweevoetig:a
tweevoetigere	tweevoetig:a
tweevoetigste	tweevoetig:a
tussenpausen	tussenpaus:n
tussenpausje	tussenpaus:n
interreges	interrex:n
interrexen	interrex:n
interrexje	interrex:n
poppenkasten	poppenkast:n
poppenkastje	poppenkast:n
poppenspelen	poppenspel:n
poppenspellen	poppenspel:n
poppenspelletje	poppenspel:n
verklik	verklikken:v
verklikte	verklikken:v
verklikt	verklikken:v
verklikten	verklikken:v
verklikkend	verklikken:v
uitdos	uitdossen:v
uitdoste	uitdossen:v
uitdost	uitdossen:v
uitdosten	uitdossen:v
uitdossend	uitdossen:v
uitgedost	uitdossen:v
kernkabinetten	kernkabinet:n
kernkabinetje	kernkabinet:n
kraakbeenderen	kraakbeen:n
kraakbenen	kraakbeen:n
kraakbeentje	kraakbeen:n
verbeterhuizen	verbeterhuis:n
onverbeterlijker	onverbeterlijk:a
onverbeterlijkst	onverbeterlijk:a
onverbeterlijke	onverbeterlijk:a
onverbeterlijkere	onverbeterlijk:a
onverbeterlijkste	onverbeterlijk:a
hessen	hes:n
hesje	hes:n
hatelijker	hatelijk:a
hatelijkst	hatelijk:a
hatelijke	hatelijk:a
hatelijkere	hatelijk:a
hatelijkste	hatelijk:a
correcteurs	correcteur:n
correcteurtje	correcteur:n
toestem	toestemmen:v
toestemde	toestemmen:v
toestemt	toestemmen:v
toestemden	toestemmen:v
toestemmend	toestemmen:v
toegestemd	toestemmen:v
dirigeer	dirigeren:v
dirigeerde	dirigeren:v
dirigeert	dirigeren:v
dirigeerden	dirigeren:v
dirigerend	dirigeren:v
gedirigeerd	dirigeren:v
formalismes	formalisme:n
formalismen	formalisme:n
formalismetje	formalisme:n
dagschotels	dagschotel:n
dagschoteltje	dagschotel:n
daglonen	dagloon:n
dagloontje	dagloon:n
dagloners	dagloner:n
voetsoldaten	voetsoldaat:n
voetsoldaatje	voetsoldaat:n
infanteristen	infanterist:n
infanteristje	infanterist:n
infanteries	infanterie:n
tweeklanken	tweeklank:n
tweeklankje	tweeklank:n
dankwoorden	dankwoord:n
dankwoordje	dankwoord:n
ranglijsten	ranglijst:n
ranglijstje	ranglijst:n
loonlijsten	loonlijst:n
loonlijstje	loonlijst:n
huiszoekingsbevelen	huiszoekingsbevel:n
huiszoekingsbevelletje	huiszoekingsbevel:n
hermeneutische	hermeneutisch:a
loyale	loyaal:a
melkmuilen	melkmuil:n
melkmuiltje	melkmuil:n
melkmannen	melkman:n
melkmannetje	melkman:n
pratatiever	pratatief:a
pratatiefst	pratatief:a
pratatieve	pratatief:a
pratatievere	pratatief:a
pratatiefste	pratatief:a
spaargelden	spaargeld:n
spaargeldje	spaargeld:n
spaarders	spaarder:n
spaardertje	spaarder:n
oorvijgen	oorvijg:n
oorvijgje	oorvijg:n
oorveegde	oorvegen:v
oorveegt	oorvegen:v
oorveegden	oorvegen:v
oorvegend	oorvegen:v
geoorveegd	oorvegen:v
parenthesen	parenthese:n
parentheses	parenthese:n
parenthesetje	parenthese:n
voertje	voer:n
vegen	veeg:n
veegje	veeg:n
veger	veeg:a
veegst	veeg:a
vegere	veeg:a
veegste	veeg:a
registrators	registrator:n
registratortje	registrator:n
registraties	registratie:n
registratietje	registratie:n
knapenliefdes	knapenliefde:n
knapenliefdetje	knapenliefde:n
knapenschennissen	knapenschennis:n
majesteitsschennissen	majesteitsschennis:n
majesteitsschennisje	majesteitsschennis:n
nagrassen	nagras:n
bestuurstalen	bestuurstaal:n
bestuurstaaltje	bestuurstaal:n
Groenlandser	Groenlands:a
Groenlandst	Groenlands:a
Groenlandse	Groenlands:a
Groenlandsere	Groenlands:a
Groenlandste	Groenlands:a
meisjesnamen	meisjesnaam:n
meisjesnaampje	meisjesnaam:n
familienamen	familienaam:n
familienaampje	familienaam:n
geslachtsnamen	geslachtsnaam:n
geslachtsnaampje	geslachtsnaam:n
doopnamen	doopnaam:n
doopnaampje	doopnaam:n
persoonsnamen	persoonsnaam:n
persoonsnaampje	persoonsnaam:n
jongensnamen	jongensnaam:n
jongensnaampje	jongensnaam:n
vleinamen	vleinaam:n
vleinaampje	vleinaam:n
afgelegener	afgelegen:a
afgelegenst	afgelegen:a
afgelegenste	afgelegen:a
middelnamen	middelnaam:n
middelnaampje	middelnaam:n
meteorieten	meteoriet:n
meteorietje	meteoriet:n
verwoestingen	verwoesting:n
verwoestinkje	verwoesting:n
schattebouten	schattebout:n
schatteboutje	schattebout:n
Amstelse	Amstels:a
heldendichten	heldendicht:n
heldendichtje	heldendicht:n
heldendaden	heldendaad:n
heldendaadje	heldendaad:n
miauweriken	miauwerik:n
miauwerikje	miauwerik:n
mauwers	mauwer:n
mauwertje	mauwer:n
mauwer	malder:n
flensen	flens:n
flensje	flens:n
foutenrapportages	foutenrapportage:n
foutenrapportagetje	foutenrapportage:n
kipfilets	kipfilet:n
kipfiletje	kipfilet:n
optiefen	optyfen:v
plompzak	plompzakken:v
plompzakte	plompzakken:v
plompzakt	plompzakken:v
plompzakten	plompzakken:v
plompzakkend	plompzakken:v
geplompzakt	plompzakken:v
stemgeluiden	stemgeluid:n
stemgeluidje	stemgeluid:n
woordgroepen	woordgroep:n
woordgroepje	woordgroep:n
wrik	wrikken:v
wrikte	wrikken:v
wrikt	wrikken:v
wrikten	wrikken:v
wrikkend	wrikken:v
gewrikt	wrikken:v
rustieker	rustiek:a
rustiekst	rustiek:a
rustieke	rustiek:a
rustiekere	rustiek:a
rustiekste	rustiek:a
trekdieren	trekdier:n
trekdiertje	trekdier:n
werkdieren	werkdier:n
werkdiertje	werkdier:n
rijdieren	rijdier:n
rijdiertje	rijdier:n
berijders	berijder:n
berijdertje	berijder:n
ploegjongens	ploegjongen:n
ploegjongetje	ploegjongen:n
biepers	bieper:n
biepertje	bieper:n
opbiep	opbiepen:v
opbiepte	opbiepen:v
opbiept	opbiepen:v
opbiepten	opbiepen:v
opbiepend	opbiepen:v
opgebiept	opbiepen:v
Oosten	oosten:n
dalmatieken	dalmatiek:n
dalmatiekje	dalmatiek:n
Ripuariërs	Ripuariër:n
Ripuariërtje	Ripuariër:n
Oudnoors	Oudnoords:a
Oudnoorse	Oudnoors:a
deminutivum	diminutivum:n
pantoffels	pantoffel:n
pantoffeltje	pantoffel:n
beeldmontages	beeldmontage:n
beeldmontagetje	beeldmontage:n
nabuurschappen	nabuurschap:n
nabuurschapje	nabuurschap:n
naburen	nabuur:n
nabuurtje	nabuur:n
Dalmatischer	Dalmatisch:a
Dalmatischt	Dalmatisch:a
Dalmatische	Dalmatisch:a
Dalmatischere	Dalmatisch:a
Dalmatischte	Dalmatisch:a
roskoppen	roskop:n
roskopje	roskop:n
weersverwachtingen	weersverwachting:n
weersverwachtinkje	weersverwachting:n
krachttermen	krachtterm:n
krachttermpje	krachtterm:n
retentoren	retentor:n
retentors	retentor:n
retentores	retentor:n
retentortje	retentor:n
ploegmannen	ploegman:n
ploegmannetje	ploegman:n
klauter	klauteren:v
klauterde	klauteren:v
klautert	klauteren:v
klauterden	klauteren:v
klauterend	klauteren:v
geklauterd	klauteren:v
ploegers	ploeger:n
ploegertje	ploeger:n
ploegossen	ploegos:n
ploegosje	ploegos:n
crisettes	crisette:n
zenuwinstortingen	zenuwinstorting:n
zenuwinstortinkje	zenuwinstorting:n
koperde	koperen:v
kopert	koperen:v
koperden	koperen:v
koperend	koperen:v
gekoperd	koperen:v
ouderloze	ouderloos:a
vaderloze	vaderloos:a
overheers	overheersen:v
overheerste	overheersen:v
overheerst	overheersen:v
overheersten	overheersen:v
overheersend	overheersen:v
gesmeerder	gesmeerd:a
gesmeerdst	gesmeerd:a
gesmeerde	gesmeerd:a
gesmeerdere	gesmeerd:a
gesmeerdste	gesmeerd:a
fluvioglaciale	fluvioglaciaal:a
theeventers	theeventer:n
theeventertje	theeventer:n
puntschoenen	puntschoen:n
puntschoentje	puntschoen:n
wetgevers	wetgever:n
wetgeveren	wetgever:n
wetgevertje	wetgever:n
stuntels	stuntel:n
stunteltje	stuntel:n
boerenstanden	boerenstand:n
verbloemingen	verbloeming:n
verbloemingetje	verbloeming:n
brilslangen	brilslang:n
brilslangetje	brilslang:n
gifslangen	gifslang:n
gifslangetje	gifslang:n
slangengiffen	slangengif:n
standenvergaderingen	standenvergadering:n
standenvergaderingetje	standenvergadering:n
paternalismen	paternalisme:n
paternalismes	paternalisme:n
paternalismetje	paternalisme:n
adelstanden	adelstand:n
adelstandje	adelstand:n
aristocratieën	aristocratie:n
aristocraties	aristocratie:n
aristocratietje	aristocratie:n
rouwkleuren	rouwkleur:n
rouwkleurtje	rouwkleur:n
tijdvakken	tijdvak:n
tijdvakje	tijdvak:n
parkere	parkeren:v
bouwvakken	bouwvak:n
vakwerken	vakwerk:n
vakwerkje	vakwerk:n
pleisterwerken	pleisterwerk:n
pleisterwerkje	pleisterwerk:n
pleister	pleisteren:v
pleisterde	pleisteren:v
pleistert	pleisteren:v
pleisterden	pleisteren:v
pleisterend	pleisteren:v
gepleisterd	pleisteren:v
watervogels	watervogel:n
watervogeltje	watervogel:n
pechvogels	pechvogel:n
pechvogeltje	pechvogel:n
ongeluksvogels	ongeluksvogel:n
ongeluksvogeltje	ongeluksvogel:n
vogeldragers	vogeldrager:n
vogeldragertje	vogeldrager:n
lastdragers	lastdrager:n
lastdragertje	lastdrager:n
schoothonden	schoothond:n
schoothondje	schoothond:n
schootkinderen	schootkind:n
schootkindje	schootkind:n
zorgenkinderen	zorgenkind:n
zorgenkindje	zorgenkind:n
probleemkinderen	probleemkind:n
probleemkindje	probleemkind:n
profi's	profi:n
schoenmakers	schoenmaker:n
schoenmakertje	schoenmaker:n
paswoorden	paswoord:n
paswoordje	paswoord:n
sproot	spruiten:v
sproten	spruiten:v
spruitend	spruiten:v
gesproten	spruiten:v
catastrofaler	catastrofaal:a
catastrofaalst	catastrofaal:a
catastrofale	catastrofaal:a
catastrofalere	catastrofaal:a
catastrofaalste	catastrofaal:a
oekazen	oekaze:n
oekazes	oekaze:n
oekazetje	oekaze:n
dwergsterren	dwergster:n
dwergsterretje	dwergster:n
melkwegstelsels	melkwegstelsel:n
melkwegstelseltje	melkwegstelsel:n
Oekraïners	Oekraïner:n
Oekraïnertje	Oekraïner:n
wildelingen	wildeling:n
wildelingetje	wildeling:n
dorpelingen	dorpeling:n
dorpelingetje	dorpeling:n
versleutel	versleutelen:v
versleutelde	versleutelen:v
versleutelt	versleutelen:v
versleutelden	versleutelen:v
versleutelend	versleutelen:v
versleuteld	versleutelen:v
widlelingetje	wildeling:n
nijdassen	nijdas:n
nijdasje	nijdas:n
Praagser	Praags:a
Praagst	Praags:a
Praagse	Praags:a
Praagsere	Praags:a
Praagste	Praags:a
vleide	vleien:v
vleit	vleien:v
vleiden	vleien:v
vleiend	vleien:v
gevleid	vleien:v
vleien	vlijen:v
jantjes	jantje:n
zeepbessen	zeepbes:n
zeepbesje	zeepbes:n
zeepnoten	zeepnoot:n
zeepnootje	zeepnoot:n
zeep-appels	zeep-appel:n
zeep-appelen	zeep-appel:n
zeep-appeltje	zeep-appel:n
eetappelen	eetappel:n
eetappels	eetappel:n
eetappeltje	eetappel:n
kookappelen	kookappel:n
kookappels	kookappel:n
kookappeltje	kookappel:n
inspiratoren	inspirator:n
inspirators	inspirator:n
inspiratortje	inspirator:n
zandlopers	zandloper:n
zandlopertje	zandloper:n
uurglazen	uurglas:n
zeedieren	zeedier:n
zeediertje	zeedier:n
pugiliste	pugilist:n
opdien	opdienen:v
opdiende	opdienen:v
opdient	opdienen:v
opdienden	opdienen:v
opdienend	opdienen:v
opgediend	opdienen:v
uitleen	uitlenen:v
uitleende	uitlenen:v
uitleent	uitlenen:v
uitleenden	uitlenen:v
uitlenend	uitlenen:v
uitgeleend	uitlenen:v
oogstje	oogst:n
ontregel	ontregelen:v
ontregelde	ontregelen:v
ontregelt	ontregelen:v
ontregelden	ontregelen:v
ontregelend	ontregelen:v
ontregeld	ontregelen:v
zinne	zinnen:v
kuisvrouwen	kuisvrouw:n
kuisvrouwtje	kuisvrouw:n
kuisploegen	kuisploeg:n
kuisploegje	kuisploeg:n
tegenploegen	tegenploeg:n
tegenploegje	tegenploeg:n
opslagen	opslag:n
opslagje	opslag:n
lukraker	lukraak:a
lukraakst	lukraak:a
lukrake	lukraak:a
lukrakere	lukraak:a
lukraakste	lukraak:a
looppassen	looppas:n
looppasje	looppas:n
sultanshoenders	sultanshoen:n
sultanshoentje	sultanshoen:n
sultanaten	sultanaat:n
sultanaatje	sultanaat:n
leenhulden	leenhulde:n
leenheren	leenheer:n
leenheertje	leenheer:n
baanderheren	baanderheer:n
baanderheertje	baanderheer:n
panamahoeden	panamahoed:n
panamahoedje	panamahoed:n
Panameser	Panamees:a
Panameest	Panamees:a
Panamese	Panamees:a
Panamesere	Panamees:a
Panameeste	Panamees:a
Panamezen	Panamees:n
Panameesje	Panamees:n
klossen	klos:n
klosje	klos:n
afstraffingen	afstraffing:n
afstraffinkje	afstraffing:n
tekenapen	tekenaap:n
tekenaapje	tekenaap:n
apenstreken	apenstreek:n
apenstreekje	apenstreek:n
oortjes	oortje:n
kloosterorden	kloosterorde:n
kloosterordes	kloosterorde:n
kloosterordetje	kloosterorde:n
kloosterlingen	kloosterling:n
kloosterlingetje	kloosterling:n
grootsteden	grootstad:n
grootstadje	grootstad:n
binnensteden	binnenstad:n
binnenstadje	binnenstad:n
leengoederen	leengoed:n
leenrechten	leenrecht:n
onleengoederen	onleengoed:n
dok	dokken:v
dokte	dokken:v
dokt	dokken:v
dokten	dokken:v
dokkend	dokken:v
gedokt	dokken:v
dokjes	dok:n
esculapen	esculaap:n
esculaapje	esculaap:n
connétables	connétable:n
drinkrietjes	drinkrietje:n
Katangeser	Katangees:a
Katangeest	Katangees:a
Katangese	Katangees:a
Katangesere	Katangees:a
Katangeeste	Katangees:a
Katangezen	Katangees:n
Katangeesje	Katangees:n
radjahs	radjah:n
radjaahtje	radjah:n
fiscaliteiten	fiscaliteit:n
belastbaarder	belastbaar:a
belastbaarst	belastbaar:a
belastbare	belastbaar:a
belastbaardere	belastbaar:a
belastbaarste	belastbaar:a
jankte	janken:v
jankt	janken:v
jankten	janken:v
jankend	janken:v
gejankt	janken:v
agrimonies	agrimonie:n
lijfeigenen	lijfeigene:n
lijfeigener	lijfeigen:a
lijfeigenst	lijfeigen:a
lijfeigenste	lijfeigen:a
lijfeigen	lijfeigene:n
aflijviger	aflijvig:a
aflijvigst	aflijvig:a
aflijvige	aflijvig:a
aflijvigere	aflijvig:a
aflijvigste	aflijvig:a
aflijf	aflijven:v
aflijfde	aflijven:v
aflijft	aflijven:v
aflijfden	aflijven:v
aflijvend	aflijven:v
afgelijfd	aflijven:v
Texanen	Texaan:n
Texaantje	Texaan:n
wisselstukken	wisselstuk:n
wisselstukje	wisselstuk:n
muntstukken	muntstuk:n
muntstukje	muntstuk:n
muntslagen	muntslag:n
dodecaphonist	dodecafonist:n
cotyledonen	cotyledo:n
cotyledones	cotyledo:n
cotyledootje	cotyledo:n
zeevissen	zeevis:n
zeevisje	zeevis:n
maanogen	maanoog:n
maanoogje	maanoog:n
pinda's	pinda:n
pindaatje	pinda:n
wonderknapen	wonderknaap:n
wonderknaapje	wonderknaap:n
titulairder	titulair:a
titulairst	titulair:a
titulaire	titulair:a
titulairdere	titulair:a
titulairste	titulair:a
damastrozen	damastroos:n
damastroosje	damastroos:n
rozenwaters	rozenwater:n
rozenwatertje	rozenwater:n
reukwaters	reukwater:n
reukwatertje	reukwater:n
supermachten	supermacht:n
supermachtje	supermacht:n
superkrachten	superkracht:n
krachtproeven	krachtproef:n
krachtproefje	krachtproef:n
aartsvaders	aartsvader:n
aartsvaderen	aartsvader:n
aartsvadertje	aartsvader:n
aartsvaderlijker	aartsvaderlijk:a
aartsvaderlijkst	aartsvaderlijk:a
aartsvaderlijke	aartsvaderlijk:a
aartsvaderlijkere	aartsvaderlijk:a
aartsvaderlijkste	aartsvaderlijk:a
voorvaderlijker	voorvaderlijk:a
voorvaderlijkst	voorvaderlijk:a
voorvaderlijke	voorvaderlijk:a
voorvaderlijkere	voorvaderlijk:a
voorvaderlijkste	voorvaderlijk:a
posthuum	postuum:a
steenuilen	steenuil:n
steenuiltje	steenuil:n
landdieren	landdier:n
landdiertje	landdier:n
waterdieren	waterdier:n
waterdiertje	waterdier:n
fricatieve	fricatief:a
fricatieven	fricatief:n
fricatiefje	fricatief:n
wrijfklanken	wrijfklank:n
wrijfklankje	wrijfklank:n
gaaien	gaai:n
gaaitje	gaai:n
gaaike	gaai:n
gaai	gei:a
kwarkje	kwark:n
naamgenoten	naamgenoot:n
naamgenootje	naamgenoot:n
muntjaks	muntjak:n
lotgenoten	lotgenoot:n
lotgenootje	lotgenoot:n
stamgenoten	stamgenoot:n
stamgenootje	stamgenoot:n
bedgenoten	bedgenoot:n
bedgenootje	bedgenoot:n
bruinachtiger	bruinachtig:a
bruinachtigst	bruinachtig:a
bruinachtige	bruinachtig:a
bruinachtigere	bruinachtig:a
bruinachtigste	bruinachtig:a
makkers	makker:n
makkertje	makker:n
kerstbomen	kerstboom:n
kerstboompje	kerstboom:n
scheepsgenoten	scheepsgenoot:n
scheepsgenootje	scheepsgenoot:n
reisgenoten	reisgenoot:n
reisgenootje	reisgenoot:n
koolrapen	koolraap:n
koolraapje	koolraap:n
disgenoten	disgenoot:n
disgenootje	disgenoot:n
voskleuriger	voskleurig:a
voskleurigst	voskleurig:a
voskleurige	voskleurig:a
voskleurigere	voskleurig:a
voskleurigste	voskleurig:a
Marshalleser	Marshallees:a
Marshalleest	Marshallees:a
Marshallese	Marshallees:a
Marshallesere	Marshallees:a
Marshalleeste	Marshallees:a
Marshallezen	Marshallees:n
Marshalleesje	Marshallees:n
volières	volière:n
volièretje	volière:n
schoolde	scholen:v
schoolt	scholen:v|schuilen:v
schoolden	scholen:v
scholend	scholen:v
geschoold	scholen:v
glottisslagen	glottisslag:n
glottisslagje	glottisslag:n
statieven	statief:n
statiefje	statief:n
pilipili	piri-piri:n
slagvelden	slagveld:n
slagveldje	slagveld:n
binnenga	binnengaan:v
binnenging	binnengaan:v
binnengaat	binnengaan:v
binnengingen	binnengaan:v
binnengaand	binnengaan:v
binnengegaan	binnengaan:v
cardiologen	cardioloog:n
cardioloogje	cardioloog:n
sep	september:n
mathematici	mathematicus:n
mathematicussen	mathematicus:n
mathematicusje	mathematicus:n
haarstukken	haarstuk:n
haarstukje	haarstuk:n
dankbaarheden	dankbaarheid:n
dankbaarheidje	dankbaarheid:n
kledingstukken	kledingstuk:n
kledingstukje	kledingstuk:n
bima's	bima:n
bimaatje	bima:n
Sorbischer	Sorbisch:a
Sorbischt	Sorbisch:a
Sorbische	Sorbisch:a
Sorbischere	Sorbisch:a
Sorbischte	Sorbisch:a
gecompliceerder	gecompliceerd:a
gecompliceerdst	gecompliceerd:a
gecompliceerde	gecompliceerd:a
gecompliceerdere	gecompliceerd:a
gecompliceerdste	gecompliceerd:a
gecompliceerd	compliceren:v
mijters	mijter:n
mijtertje	mijter:n
klokhuizen	klokhuis:n
klokhuisje	klokhuis:n
kalverkoppen	kalverkop:n
kalverkopje	kalverkop:n
schel	schellen:v
schelt	schellen:v
schellend	schellen:v
schellen	schel:n
drievoeten	drievoet:n
drievoetje	drievoet:n
koevoeten	koevoet:n
koevoetje	koevoet:n
voetkussen	voetkus:n
voetkusje	voetkus:n
oppositieleden	oppositielid:n
oppositielidje	oppositielid:n
ereleden	erelid:n
erelidje	erelid:n
erelonen	ereloon:n
ereloontje	ereloon:n
weeklonen	weekloon:n
weekloontje	weekloon:n
befte	beffen:v
beft	beffen:v
beften	beffen:v
beffend	beffen:v
gebeft	beffen:v
sopranen	sopraan:n
sopraantje	sopraan:n
huidartsen	huidarts:n
huidartsje	huidarts:n
lijfartsen	lijfarts:n
lijfartsje	lijfarts:n
doodsoorzaken	doodsoorzaak:n
doodshoofden	doodshoofd:n
doodshoofdje	doodshoofd:n
hoofddeksels	hoofddeksel:n
hoofddekseltje	hoofddeksel:n
aanhalingstekens	aanhalingsteken:n
aanhalingstekentje	aanhalingsteken:n
gebieders	gebieder:n
gebiedertje	gebieder:n
bruikbaarheden	bruikbaarheid:n
zusterschappen	zusterschap:n
troffels	troffel:n
troffeltje	troffel:n
camoufleer	camoufleren:v
camoufleerde	camoufleren:v
camoufleert	camoufleren:v
camoufleerden	camoufleren:v
camouflerend	camoufleren:v
gecamoufleerd	camoufleren:v
hollend	hollen:v
gehold	hollen:v
fagottistes	fagottiste:n
ontkurk	ontkurken:v
ontkurkte	ontkurken:v
ontkurkt	ontkurken:v
ontkurkten	ontkurken:v
ontkurkend	ontkurken:v
vauxhalls	vauxhall:n
vauxhalletje	vauxhall:n
infanteriste	infanterist:n
rangordes	rangorde:n
rangorden	rangorde:n
rangordetje	rangorde:n
rangtelwoorden	rangtelwoord:n
rangtelwoordje	rangtelwoord:n
telbaarder	telbaar:a
telbaarst	telbaar:a
telbare	telbaar:a
telbaardere	telbaar:a
telbaarste	telbaar:a
ontelbare	ontelbaar:a
altviolen	altviool:n
altviooltje	altviool:n
huiszoekingen	huiszoeking:n
huiszoekinkje	huiszoeking:n
huiszoekingetje	huiszoeking:n
huiszoekingetjes	huiszoeking:n
Waaltje	Waal:n
Waalser	Waals:a
Waalst	Waals:a
Waalse	Waals:a
Waalsere	Waals:a
Waalste	Waals:a
Roemeensen	Roemeense:n
Deensen	Deense:n
Bulgaarsen	Bulgaarse:n
mangelde	mangelen:v
mangelt	mangelen:v
mangelden	mangelen:v
mangelend	mangelen:v
gemangeld	mangelen:v
lippenstiften	lippenstift:n
lippenstiftje	lippenstift:n
genadiger	genadig:a
genadigst	genadig:a
genadige	genadig:a
genadigere	genadig:a
genadigste	genadig:a
orbitale	orbitaal:a
orbitalen	orbitaal:n
orbitaaltje	orbitaal:n
brunchte	brunchen:v
bruncht	brunchen:v
brunchten	brunchen:v
brunchend	brunchen:v
gebruncht	brunchen:v
lunchte	lunchen:v
luncht	lunchen:v
lunchten	lunchen:v
lunchend	lunchen:v
geluncht	lunchen:v
overgewichten	overgewicht:n
overgewichtje	overgewicht:n
kneusje	kneus:n
danklozer	dankloos:a
dankloost	dankloos:a
dankloze	dankloos:a
danklozere	dankloos:a
danklooste	dankloos:a
ondankbaarder	ondankbaar:a
ondankbaarst	ondankbaar:a
ondankbare	ondankbaar:a
ondankbaardere	ondankbaar:a
ondankbaarste	ondankbaar:a
klokkenluiders	klokkenluider:n
klokkenluidertje	klokkenluider:n
klokkentorens	klokkentoren:n
klokkentorentje	klokkentoren:n
wachttorens	wachttoren:n
wachttorentje	wachttoren:n
wachthuisjes	wachthuisje:n
tbs	terbeschikkingstelling:n
biechtstoelen	biechtstoel:n
biechtstoeltje	biechtstoel:n
sjablonen	sjabloon:n
sjabloontje	sjabloon:n
symfonieën	symfonie:n
symfonietje	symfonie:n
schaatste	schaatsen:v
schaatst	schaatsen:v
schaatsten	schaatsen:v
schaatsend	schaatsen:v
geschaatst	schaatsen:v
huisschilders	huisschilder:n
huisschildertje	huisschilder:n
balpennen	balpen:n
balpennetje	balpen:n
hijg	hijgen:v
hijgde	hijgen:v
hijgt	hijgen:v
hijgden	hijgen:v
hijgend	hijgen:v
gehijgd	hijgen:v
heeg	hijgen:v
hegen	hijgen:v
gehegen	hijgen:v
bergruggen	bergrug:n
bergruggetje	bergrug:n
keelklanken	keelklank:n
keelklankje	keelklank:n
keelgaten	keelgat:n
keelgaatje	keelgat:n
neusgaten	neusgat:n
neusgaatje	neusgat:n
neusbeenderen	neusbeen:n
neusbeentje	neusbeen:n
boemerangs	boemerang:n
boemerangetje	boemerang:n
studiebeurzen	studiebeurs:n
studiebeursje	studiebeurs:n
neusgangen	neusgang:n
neusgangetje	neusgang:n
terpentijnen	terpentijn:n
terpentijntje	terpentijn:n
ontneem	ontnemen:v
ontnam	ontnemen:v
ontneemt	ontnemen:v
ontnamen	ontnemen:v
ontnemend	ontnemen:v
ontnomen	ontnemen:v
reddingsboten	reddingsboot:n
reddingsbootje	reddingsboot:n
vingertoppen	vingertop:n
vingertopje	vingertop:n
affricaten	affricaat:n
affricaatje	affricaat:n
Beierser	Beiers:a
Beierst	Beiers:a
Beierse	Beiers:a
Beiersere	Beiers:a
Beierste	Beiers:a
balspelen	balspel:n
balspellen	balspel:n
balspelletje	balspel:n
Siciliaanser	Siciliaans:a
Siciliaanst	Siciliaans:a
Siciliaanse	Siciliaans:a
Siciliaansere	Siciliaans:a
Siciliaanste	Siciliaans:a
ballenspelen	ballenspel:n
ballenspelletje	ballenspel:n
ballenjongens	ballenjongen:n
ballenjongetje	ballenjongen:n
leerjongens	leerjongen:n
leerjongetje	leerjongen:n
schooljongens	schooljongen:n
schooljongetje	schooljongen:n
prothesen	prothese:n
prothesetje	prothese:n
onwelle	onwel:a
maximaler	maximaal:a
maximaalst	maximaal:a
maximale	maximaal:a
maximalere	maximaal:a
maximaalste	maximaal:a
minimaler	minimaal:a
minimaalst	minimaal:a
minimalere	minimaal:a
minimaalste	minimaal:a
hooibergen	hooiberg:n
hooibergje	hooiberg:n
roeiboten	roeiboot:n
roeibootje	roeiboot:n
bedlegeriger	bedlegerig:a
bedlegerigst	bedlegerig:a
bedlegerige	bedlegerig:a
bedlegerigere	bedlegerig:a
bedlegerigste	bedlegerig:a
glijbanen	glijbaan:n
glijbaantje	glijbaan:n
glijmiddelen	glijmiddel:n
glijmiddeltje	glijmiddel:n
paardenmiddelen	paardenmiddel:n
paardenmiddeltje	paardenmiddel:n
paardenstaarten	paardenstaart:n
paardenstaartje	paardenstaart:n
tolken-ambtenaren	tolk-ambtenaar:n
tolkje-ambtenaartje	tolk-ambtenaar:n
milieuambtenaren	milieuambtenaar:n
milieuambtenaartje	milieuambtenaar:n
rijksambtenaren	rijksambtenaar:n
rijksambtenaartje	rijksambtenaar:n
rijksappels	rijksappel:n
rijksappeltje	rijksappel:n
rijksdagen	rijksdag:n
meikevers	meikever:n
meikevertje	meikever:n
wereldrijken	wereldrijk:n
wereldrijkje	wereldrijk:n
rijksdagje	rijksdag:n
mestkevers	mestkever:n
mestkevertje	mestkever:n
scholeksters	scholekster:n
scholekstertje	scholekster:n
retenties	retentie:n
retentietje	retentie:n
nonnetjes	nonnetje:n
barbelen	barbeel:n
barbeeltje	barbeel:n
zeilstenen	zeilsteen:n
zeilsteentje	zeilsteen:n
elasticiteiten	elasticiteit:n
beenvissen	beenvis:n
beenvisje	beenvis:n
kraakbeenvissen	kraakbeenvis:n
kraakbeenvisje	kraakbeenvis:n
visvijvers	visvijver:n
visvijvertje	visvijver:n
heupprotheses	heupprothese:n
heupprothesen	heupprothese:n
heupprothesetje	heupprothese:n
zeilschepen	zeilschip:n
zeilscheepje	zeilschip:n
publiciteitsagenten	publiciteitsagent:n
publiciteitsagentje	publiciteitsagent:n
stoomschepen	stoomschip:n
stoomscheepje	stoomschip:n
huisgoden	huisgod:n
huisgodje	huisgod:n
oppergoden	oppergod:n
oppergodje	oppergod:n
regenbuien	regenbui:n
regenbuitje	regenbui:n
regenachtiger	regenachtig:a
regenachtigst	regenachtig:a
regenachtige	regenachtig:a
regenachtigere	regenachtig:a
regenachtigste	regenachtig:a
gelijkzijdige	gelijkzijdig:a
axiologieën	axiologie:n
ludieker	ludiek:a
ludiekst	ludiek:a
ludieke	ludiek:a
ludiekere	ludiek:a
ludiekste	ludiek:a
zwartmaak	zwartmaken:v
zwartmaakte	zwartmaken:v
zwartmaakt	zwartmaken:v
zwartmaakten	zwartmaken:v
zwartmakend	zwartmaken:v
zwartgemaakt	zwartmaken:v
criticasters	criticaster:n
criticastertje	criticaster:n
rugzaktoeristen	rugzaktoerist:n
rugzaktoeristje	rugzaktoerist:n
reukwerken	reukwerk:n
reukwerkje	reukwerk:n
reukwerkbranders	reukwerkbrander:n
reukwerkbrandertje	reukwerkbrander:n
Noren	Noor:n
Noortje	Noor:n
IJslanders	IJslander:n
IJslandertje	IJslander:n
instortingen	instorting:n
instortinkje	instorting:n
instorters	instorter:n
instortertje	instorter:n
waarnemingshorizonnen	waarnemingshorizon:n
schennissen	schennis:n
afmot	afmotten:v
afmotte	afmotten:v
afmottend	afmotten:v
afgemot	afmotten:v
verkeringen	verkering:n
verkerinkje	verkering:n
winkelhaken	winkelhaak:n
winkelhaakje	winkelhaak:n
verkoperde	verkoperen:v
verkopert	verkoperen:v
verkoperden	verkoperen:v
verkoperend	verkoperen:v
verkoperd	verkoperen:v
ongekoperder	ongekoperd:a
ongekoperdst	ongekoperd:a
ongekoperde	ongekoperd:a
ongekoperdere	ongekoperd:a
ongekoperdste	ongekoperd:a
wervers	werver:n
wervertje	werver:n
mankeer	mankeren:v
mankeerde	mankeren:v
mankeert	mankeren:v
mankeerden	mankeren:v
mankerend	mankeren:v
gemankeerd	mankeren:v
inburgeringen	inburgering:n
inburgeringetje	inburgering:n
spiere	spieren:v
muziekleraren	muziekleraar:n
muziekleraars	muziekleraar:n
muziekleraartje	muziekleraar:n
hebbe	hebben:v
liepe	lopen:v
neuronauten	neuronaut:n
neuronautje	neuronaut:n
activiste	activist:n
moederschappen	moederschap:n
vogelspinnen	vogelspin:n
vogelspinnetje	vogelspin:n
cacaobomen	cacaoboom:n
cacaoboompje	cacaoboom:n
hospikken	hospik:n
hospikje	hospik:n
hospik	hospikken:v
hospikte	hospikken:v
hospikt	hospikken:v
hospikten	hospikken:v
hospikkend	hospikken:v
gehospikt	hospikken:v
kruisspinnen	kruisspin:n
kruisspinnetje	kruisspin:n
confraters	confrater:n
confratertje	confrater:n
tafelkleden	tafelkleed:n
tafelkleedje	tafelkleed:n
verenkleden	verenkleed:n
verenkleedje	verenkleed:n
Orientals	Oriental:n
zalingen	zaling:n
zalings	zaling:n
zalingetje	zaling:n
zalinkje	zaling:n
glazeniers	glazenier:n
glazeniertje	glazenier:n
glasblazers	glasblazer:n
hoornblazers	hoornblazer:n
hoornblazertje	hoornblazer:n
graatmagere	graatmager:a
centrifugeer	centrifugeren:v
centrifugeerde	centrifugeren:v
centrifugeert	centrifugeren:v
centrifugeerden	centrifugeren:v
centrifugerend	centrifugeren:v
gecentrifugeerd	centrifugeren:v
drieklanken	drieklank:n
drieklankje	drieklank:n
triftongen	triftong:n
triftongetje	triftong:n
fagottisten	fagottist:n
fagottistje	fagottist:n
Pohnpeiaanser	Pohnpeiaans:a
Pohnpeiaanst	Pohnpeiaans:a
Pohnpeiaanse	Pohnpeiaans:a
Pohnpeiaansere	Pohnpeiaans:a
Pohnpeiaanste	Pohnpeiaans:a
natuurkrachten	natuurkracht:n
natuurkrachtje	natuurkracht:n
blaarde	blaren:v
blaart	blaren:v
blaarden	blaren:v
blarend	blaren:v
geblaard	blaren:v
nalevers	nalever:n
nalevertje	nalever:n
blootvoets	blootsvoets:a
kaalaarzen	kaalaars:n
kaalaarsje	kaalaars:n
aarswolven	aarswolf:n
aarswolfje	aarswolf:n
wervelkolommen	wervelkolom:n
wervelkolommetje	wervelkolom:n
kakwangetjes	kakwangen:n
onthoofdingen	onthoofding:n
onthoofdinkje	onthoofding:n
lichts	licht:a
muilpeerde	muilperen:v
muilpeert	muilperen:v
muilpeerden	muilperen:v
muilperend	muilperen:v
gemuilpeerd	muilperen:v
empyemen	empyeem:n
atypischer	atypisch:a
atypischt	atypisch:a
atypische	atypisch:a
atypischere	atypisch:a
atypischte	atypisch:a
slangengift	slangengif:n
tegengiften	tegengift:n
tegengiftje	tegengift:n
tegengift	tegengif:n
giftslang	gifslang:n
wurgslangen	wurgslang:n
wurgslangetje	wurgslang:n
belagers	belager:n
belagertje	belager:n
verbloem	verbloemen:v
verbloemde	verbloemen:v
verbloemt	verbloemen:v
verbloemden	verbloemen:v
verbloemend	verbloemen:v
verbloemd	verbloemen:v
bouwvakkers	bouwvakker:n
bouwvakkertje	bouwvakker:n
bouwvakarbeiders	bouwvakarbeider:n
bouwvakarbeidertje	bouwvakarbeider:n
pleegkinderen	pleegkind:n
pleegkindje	pleegkind:n
pleegzonen	pleegzoon:n
pleegzoons	pleegzoon:n
pleegzoontje	pleegzoon:n
pleegzorgen	pleegzorg:n
loipes	loipe:n
loipen	loipe:n
damspellen	damspel:n
damspelletje	damspel:n
bordspelen	bordspel:n
bordspellen	bordspel:n
bordspelletje	bordspel:n
uitlaat	uitlaten:v
uitliet	uitlaten:v
uitlieten	uitlaten:v
uitlatend	uitlaten:v
uitgelaten	uitlaten:v
zuigers	zuiger:n
verstijf	verstijven:v
verstijfde	verstijven:v
verstijft	verstijven:v
verstijfden	verstijven:v
verstijvend	verstijven:v
verstijfd	verstijven:v
bukte	bukken:v
bukt	bukken:v
bukten	bukken:v
bukkend	bukken:v
woestelingen	woesteling:n
woestelingetje	woesteling:n
toekijk	toekijken:v
toekeek	toekijken:v
toekijkt	toekijken:v
toekeken	toekijken:v
toekijkend	toekijken:v
toegekeken	toekijken:v
kippevel	kippenvel:n
gesmoorder	gesmoord:a
gesmoordst	gesmoord:a
gesmoorde	gesmoord:a
gesmoordere	gesmoord:a
gesmoordste	gesmoord:a
gesmoord	smoren:v
beddegoed	beddengoed:n
weddes	wedde:n
weddetje	wedde:n
heksenjachten	heksenjacht:n
heksenjachtje	heksenjacht:n
geruite	geruit:a
beamende	beamenen:v
beament	beamenen:v
beamenden	beamenen:v
beamenend	beamenen:v
betonneer	betonneren:v
betonneerde	betonneren:v
betonneert	betonneren:v
betonneerden	betonneren:v
betonnerend	betonneren:v
gebetonneerd	betonneren:v
sierkussens	sierkussen:n
sierkussentje	sierkussen:n
sleephopperzuigers	sleephopperzuiger:n
sleephopperzuigertje	sleephopperzuiger:n
uitwaaier	uitwaaieren:v
uitwaaierde	uitwaaieren:v
uitwaaiert	uitwaaieren:v
uitwaaierden	uitwaaieren:v
uitwaaierend	uitwaaieren:v
uitgewaaierd	uitwaaieren:v
tennisbanen	tennisbaan:n
tennisbaantje	tennisbaan:n
bonkte	bonken:v
bonkt	bonken:v
bonkten	bonken:v
bonkend	bonken:v
gebonkt	bonken:v
proefkonijnen	proefkonijn:n
proefkonijntje	proefkonijn:n
besmettingen	besmetting:n
besmettinkje	besmetting:n
gebruiksaanwijzingen	gebruiksaanwijzing:n
gebruiksaanwijzinkje	gebruiksaanwijzing:n
anthologieën	anthologie:n
anthologietje	anthologie:n
onzuiverder	onzuiver:a
onzuiverst	onzuiver:a
onzuivere	onzuiver:a
onzuiverdere	onzuiver:a
onzuiverste	onzuiver:a
bibliobussen	bibliobus:n
bibliobusje	bibliobus:n
vrilles	vrille:n
werveldieren	werveldier:n
werveldiertje	werveldier:n
blikte	blikken:v
blikt	blikken:v
blikten	blikken:v
blikkend	blikken:v
geblikt	blikken:v
kruisbogen	kruisboog:n
kruisboogje	kruisboog:n
leenverheffen	leenverhef:n
luisde	luizen:v
luisden	luizen:v
luizend	luizen:v
geluisd	luizen:v
genadelozer	genadeloos:a
genadeloost	genadeloos:a
genadeloze	genadeloos:a
genadelozere	genadeloos:a
genadelooste	genadeloos:a
voorsteden	voorstad:n
voorstadje	voorstad:n
knokploegen	knokploeg:n
knokploegje	knokploeg:n
knokkers	knokker:n
knokkertje	knokker:n
baziger	bazig:a
bazigst	bazig:a
bazige	bazig:a
bazigere	bazig:a
bazigste	bazig:a
stadsranden	stadsrand:n
stadsrandje	stadsrand:n
randgevallen	randgeval:n
randgevalletje	randgeval:n
menroeden	menroede:n
menroedes	menroede:n
menroedetje	menroede:n
afgestudeerden	afgestudeerde:n
onbelastbaarder	onbelastbaar:a
onbelastbaarst	onbelastbaar:a
onbelastbare	onbelastbaar:a
onbelastbaardere	onbelastbaar:a
onbelastbaarste	onbelastbaar:a
lijfeigenschappen	lijfeigenschap:n
aanvaringen	aanvaring:n
aanvarinkje	aanvaring:n
machthebbers	machthebber:n
machthebbertje	machthebber:n
onderlijven	onderlijf:n
onderlijfje	onderlijf:n
bovenlijven	bovenlijf:n
bovenlijfje	bovenlijf:n
misselijkheden	misselijkheid:n
misselijkheidje	misselijkheid:n
irritaties	irritatie:n
irritatietje	irritatie:n
vrijstaten	vrijstaat:n
geslachtsroeden	geslachtsroede:n
geslachtsroedetje	geslachtsroede:n
toverkrachten	toverkracht:n
boerenknechten	boerenknecht:n
boerenknechtje	boerenknecht:n
afblaas	afblazen:v
afblies	afblazen:v
afblaast	afblazen:v
afbliezen	afblazen:v
afblazend	afblazen:v
afgeblazen	afblazen:v
boerenlevens	boerenleven:n
boerenleventje	boerenleven:n
dreun	dreunen:v
dreunde	dreunen:v
dreunt	dreunen:v
dreunden	dreunen:v
dreunend	dreunen:v
gedreund	dreunen:v
dreunen	dreun:n
heuvelruggen	heuvelrug:n
heuvelruggetje	heuvelrug:n
buitenlevens	buitenleven:n
buitenleventje	buitenleven:n
woestenijen	woestenij:n
woestenijtje	woestenij:n
pikzwarter	pikzwart:a
pikzwartst	pikzwart:a
pikzwarte	pikzwart:a
pikzwartere	pikzwart:a
pikzwartste	pikzwart:a
sidder	sidderen:v
sidderde	sidderen:v
siddert	sidderen:v
sidderden	sidderen:v
sidderend	sidderen:v
gesidderd	sidderen:v
zolderingen	zoldering:n
zolderingetje	zoldering:n
avondmalen	avondmaal:n
avondmaaltje	avondmaal:n
crematies	crematie:n
crematietje	crematie:n
berispingen	berisping:n
berispinkje	berisping:n
daders	dader:n
dadertje	dader:n
dronkaards	dronkaard:n
dronkaardje	dronkaard:n
zeebodems	zeebodem:n
handtekeningen	handtekening:n
handtekeningetje	handtekening:n
hoveniers	hovenier:n
hoveniertje	hovenier:n
vervalsingen	vervalsing:n
vervalsinkje	vervalsing:n
onderzoekers	onderzoeker:n
onderzoekertje	onderzoeker:n
Egeïsche	Egeïsch:a
maanzaden	maanzaad:n
maanzaadje	maanzaad:n
gebefter	gebeft:a
gebeftst	gebeft:a
gebefte	gebeft:a
gebeftere	gebeft:a
gebeftste	gebeft:a
beffers	beffer:n
beffertje	beffer:n
maanogiger	maanogig:a
maanogigst	maanogig:a
maanogige	maanogig:a
maanogigere	maanogig:a
maanogigste	maanogig:a
nachtponnen	nachtpon:n
nachtponnetje	nachtpon:n
hurk	hurken:v
hurkte	hurken:v
hurkt	hurken:v
hurkten	hurken:v
hurkend	hurken:v
gehurkt	hurken:v
ruggegraat	ruggengraat:n
peuzel	peuzelen:v
peuzelde	peuzelen:v
peuzelt	peuzelen:v
peuzelden	peuzelen:v
peuzelend	peuzelen:v
gepeuzeld	peuzelen:v
braders	brader:n
omreken	omrekenen:v
omrekende	omrekenen:v
omrekent	omrekenen:v
omrekenden	omrekenen:v
omrekenend	omrekenen:v
omgerekend	omrekenen:v
vuurgevechten	vuurgevecht:n
vuurgevechtje	vuurgevecht:n
gebedsdiensten	gebedsdienst:n
gebedsdienstje	gebedsdienst:n
vuurwaters	vuurwater:n
vuurwatertje	vuurwater:n
kampvuren	kampvuur:n
kampvuurtje	kampvuur:n
legerkampen	legerkamp:n
legerkampje	legerkamp:n
luilakken	luilak:n
luilakje	luilak:n
wantrouw	wantrouwen:v
wantrouwde	wantrouwen:v
wantrouwt	wantrouwen:v
wantrouwden	wantrouwen:v
wantrouwd	wantrouwen:v
volmaaktheden	volmaaktheid:n
volmaaktheidje	volmaaktheid:n
schrikbeelden	schrikbeeld:n
schrikbeeldje	schrikbeeld:n
huiskamers	huiskamer:n
huiskamertje	huiskamer:n
eetkamers	eetkamer:n
eetkamertje	eetkamer:n
gastvrouwen	gastvrouw:n
gastvrouwtje	gastvrouw:n
brompotten	brompot:n
brompotje	brompot:n
cavaleries	cavalerie:n
tosti-ijzers	tosti-ijzer:n
tosti-ijzertje	tosti-ijzer:n
ome	oom:n
heidukken	heiduk:n
heidukje	heiduk:n
klasgenoten	klasgenoot:n
klasgenootje	klasgenoot:n
macrokosmossen	macrokosmos:n
macrokosmosje	macrokosmos:n
scheepsjongens	scheepsjongen:n
scheepsjongetje	scheepsjongen:n
kostleerlingen	kostleerling:n
kostleerlingetje	kostleerling:n
oudleerlingen	oudleerling:n
oudleerlingetje	oudleerling:n
alarmeer	alarmeren:v
alarmeerde	alarmeren:v
alarmeert	alarmeren:v
alarmeerden	alarmeren:v
alarmerend	alarmeren:v
gealarmeerd	alarmeren:v
Maleiers	Maleier:n
Maleiertje	Maleier:n
galjoenen	galjoen:n
galjoentje	galjoen:n
spiegelbeelden	spiegelbeeld:n
spiegelbeeldje	spiegelbeeld:n
dakterrassen	dakterras:n
dakterrasje	dakterras:n
samenzweerders	samenzweerder:n
samenzweerdertje	samenzweerder:n
blindedarmen	blindedarm:n
blindedarmpje	blindedarm:n
samendruk	samendrukken:v
samendrukte	samendrukken:v
samendrukt	samendrukken:v
samendrukten	samendrukken:v
samendrukkend	samendrukken:v
samengedrukt	samendrukken:v
zinniger	zinnig:a
zinnigst	zinnig:a
zinnige	zinnig:a|zinnigen:v
zinnigere	zinnig:a
zinnigste	zinnig:a
zinnig	zinnigen:v
schele	scheel:a|schelen:v
djembés	djembé:n
djembeetje	djembé:n
scheler	scheel:a
scheelst	scheel:a
schelere	scheel:a
scheelste	scheel:a
schelen	scheel:n
scheeltje	scheel:n
Moskoviërs	Moskoviër:n
Moskoviërtje	Moskoviër:n
Moskovischer	Moskovisch:a
Moskovischt	Moskovisch:a
Moskovische	Moskovisch:a
Moskovischere	Moskovisch:a
Moskovischte	Moskovisch:a
Moskovischen	Moskovische:n
consideransen	considerans:n
considerantia	considerans:n
consideransje	considerans:n
openbaringen	openbaring:n
openbarinkje	openbaring:n
revoluties	revolutie:n
revolutietje	revolutie:n
allemachtig	almachtig:a
verbijster	verbijsteren:v
verbijsterde	verbijsteren:v|verbijsterd:a
verbijstert	verbijsteren:v
verbijsterden	verbijsteren:v
verbijsterend	verbijsteren:v
verbijsterd	verbijsteren:v
polsbreuken	polsbreuk:n
polsbreukje	polsbreuk:n
steekproeven	steekproef:n
steekproefje	steekproef:n
zinnigde	zinnigen:v
zinnigt	zinnigen:v
zinnigden	zinnigen:v
zinnigend	zinnigen:v
gezinnigd	zinnigen:v
zinnigheden	zinnigheid:n
zinnigheidje	zinnigheid:n
haardossen	haardos:n
haardosje	haardos:n
vederdossen	vederdos:n
vederdosje	vederdos:n
feestdossen	feestdos:n
feestdosje	feestdos:n
modegrillen	modegril:n
modegrilletje	modegril:n
modegekken	modegek:n
modegekje	modegek:n
gekkenhuizen	gekkenhuis:n
gekkenhuisje	gekkenhuis:n
gekhuis	gekkenhuis:n
lummel	lummelen:v
lummelde	lummelen:v
lummelt	lummelen:v
lummelden	lummelen:v
lummelend	lummelen:v
gelummeld	lummelen:v
zothuizen	zothuis:n
zothuisje	zothuis:n
schrans	schranzen:v|schransen:v
schransde	schranzen:v
schranst	schranzen:v|schransen:v
schransden	schranzen:v
schranzend	schranzen:v
geschransd	schranzen:v
smoes	smoezen:v
smoesde	smoezen:v
smoest	smoezen:v
smoesden	smoezen:v
smoezend	smoezen:v
gesmoesd	smoezen:v
schandelijker	schandelijk:a
schandelijkst	schandelijk:a
schandelijke	schandelijk:a
schandelijkere	schandelijk:a
schandelijkste	schandelijk:a
tuchthuizen	tuchthuis:n
tuchthuisje	tuchthuis:n
verderaf	veraf:a
verstaf	veraf:a
onderkruipsels	onderkruipsel:n
onderkruipseltje	onderkruipsel:n
walgelijker	walgelijk:a
walgelijkst	walgelijk:a
walgelijke	walgelijk:a
walgelijkere	walgelijk:a
walgelijkste	walgelijk:a
tuchthuisregenten	tuchthuisregent:n
tuchthuisregentje	tuchthuisregent:n
instituteurs	instituteur:n
droever	droef:a
droefst	droef:a
droeve	droef:a|droeven:v
droevere	droef:a
droefste	droef:a
droef	droeven:v
rondscharrel	rondscharrelen:v
rondscharrelde	rondscharrelen:v
rondscharrelt	rondscharrelen:v
rondscharrelden	rondscharrelen:v
rondscharrelend	rondscharrelen:v
rondgescharreld	rondscharrelen:v
plonsen	plons:n
plonzen	plons:n
plonsje	plons:n
bedachtzamer	bedachtzaam:a
bedachtzaamst	bedachtzaam:a
bedachtzame	bedachtzaam:a
bedachtzamere	bedachtzaam:a
bedachtzaamste	bedachtzaam:a
sozen	soos:n
soosje	soos:n
spillen	spil:n
spilletje	spil:n
staatsvijanden	staatsvijand:n
staatsvijandje	staatsvijand:n
heiligdommen	heiligdom:n
heiligdommetje	heiligdom:n
zoeklichten	zoeklicht:n
zoeklichtje	zoeklicht:n
rijtjeshuizen	rijtjeshuis:n
rijtjeshuisje	rijtjeshuis:n
machinegeweren	machinegeweer:n
machinegeweertje	machinegeweer:n
winkeldieven	winkeldief:n
winkeldiefje	winkeldief:n
prinsdommen	prinsdom:n
prinsdommetje	prinsdom:n
opperwezens	opperwezen:n
opperwezentje	opperwezen:n
kwellingen	kwelling:n
kwellinkje	kwelling:n
vermommingen	vermomming:n
vermomminkje	vermomming:n
sesams	sesam:n
sesammetje	sesam:n
googel	googelen:v
googelde	googelen:v
googelt	googelen:v
googelden	googelen:v
googelend	googelen:v
gegoogeld	googelen:v
milliseconden	milliseconde:n
millisecondes	milliseconde:n
zichtrekeningen	zichtrekening:n
zichtrekeningetje	zichtrekening:n
vergiften	vergift:n
vergiftje	vergift:n
biels	biel:n
bieltje	biel:n
indicatiever	indicatief:a
indicatiefst	indicatief:a
indicatieve	indicatief:a
indicatievere	indicatief:a
indicatiefste	indicatief:a
indicatieven	indicatief:n
hoofdtelwoorden	hoofdtelwoord:n
hoofdtelwoordje	hoofdtelwoord:n
bewoonbaarder	bewoonbaar:a
bewoonbaarst	bewoonbaar:a
bewoonbare	bewoonbaar:a
bewoonbaardere	bewoonbaar:a
bewoonbaarste	bewoonbaar:a
lavendels	lavendel:n
lavendeltje	lavendel:n
hazelnoten	hazelnoot:n
hazelnootje	hazelnoot:n
vlaskleuriger	vlaskleurig:a
vlaskleurigst	vlaskleurig:a
vlaskleurige	vlaskleurig:a
vlaskleurigere	vlaskleurig:a
vlaskleurigste	vlaskleurig:a
kniel	knielen:v
knielde	knielen:v
knielt	knielen:v
knielden	knielen:v
knielend	knielen:v
geknield	knielen:v
donderde	donderen:v
dondert	donderen:v
donderden	donderen:v
donderend	donderen:v
gedonderd	donderen:v
florissante	florissant:a
kromde	krommen:v
kromt	krommen:v
kromden	krommen:v
krommend	krommen:v
gekromd	krommen:v
wakvlaktes	wakvlakte:n
wakvlakten	wakvlakte:n
klavers	klaver:n
klavertje	klaver:n
uitzendingen	uitzending:n
uitzendinkje	uitzending:n
onderbouwingen	onderbouwing:n
onderbouwinkje	onderbouwing:n
kerkuilen	kerkuil:n
kerkuiltje	kerkuil:n
onderstromen	onderstroom:n
onderstroompje	onderstroom:n
doelpunten	doelpunt:n
doelpuntje	doelpunt:n
veilinghuizen	veilinghuis:n
veilinghuisje	veilinghuis:n
haltes	halte:n
haltetje	halte:n
voorbijga	voorbijgaan:v
voorbijging	voorbijgaan:v
voorbijgaat	voorbijgaan:v
voorbijgingen	voorbijgaan:v
voorbijgaand	voorbijgaan:v
voorbijgegaan	voorbijgaan:v
faxe	faxen:v
zoölogieën	zoölogie:n
zoölogietje	zoölogie:n
Corsicaanser	Corsicaans:a
Corsicaanst	Corsicaans:a
Corsicaanse	Corsicaans:a
Corsicaansere	Corsicaans:a
Corsicaanste	Corsicaans:a
onwerkelijker	onwerkelijk:a
onwerkelijkst	onwerkelijk:a
onwerkelijke	onwerkelijk:a
onwerkelijkere	onwerkelijk:a
onwerkelijkste	onwerkelijk:a
essentiëler	essentieel:a
essentieelst	essentieel:a
essentiële	essentieel:a
essentiëlere	essentieel:a
essentieelste	essentieel:a
doolhoven	doolhof:n
doolhofje	doolhof:n
ariteiten	ariteit:n
cognitieve	cognitief:a
strijkstokken	strijkstok:n
strijkstokje	strijkstok:n
simultane	simultaan:a
dodenmissen	dodenmis:n
dodenmisje	dodenmis:n
Amhaarse	Amhaars:a
Amharische	Amharisch:a
klanknabootsingen	klanknabootsing:n
klanknabootsingetje	klanknabootsing:n
klanknabootsinkje	klanknabootsing:n
nieuwelingen	nieuweling:n
nieuwelingetje	nieuweling:n
terrassen	terras:n
zeshoeken	zeshoek:n
zeshoekje	zeshoek:n
bevallingen	bevalling:n
bevallinkje	bevalling:n
wereldbeelden	wereldbeeld:n
wereldbeeldje	wereldbeeld:n
kippenhokken	kippenhok:n
kippenhokje	kippenhok:n
keizerinnen	keizerin:n
keizerinnetje	keizerin:n
vingerhoeden	vingerhoed:n
vingerhoedje	vingerhoed:n
admiralen	admiraal:n
admiraaltje	admiraal:n
tafellakens	tafellaken:n
tafellakentje	tafellaken:n
schaakborden	schaakbord:n
schaakbordje	schaakbord:n
schatkisten	schatkist:n
schatkistje	schatkist:n
participeer	participeren:v
participeerde	participeren:v
participeert	participeren:v
participeerden	participeren:v
participerend	participeren:v
geparticipeerd	participeren:v
overdrijf	overdrijven:v
overdreef	overdrijven:v
overdrijft	overdrijven:v
overdrijvend	overdrijven:v
overgedreven	overdrijven:v
diafragma's	diafragma:n
diafragmaatje	diafragma:n
machtiger	machtig:a
machtigst	machtig:a
machtige	machtig:a|machtigen:v
machtigere	machtig:a
machtigste	machtig:a
meetinstrumenten	meetinstrument:n
meetinstrumentje	meetinstrument:n
genialer	geniaal:a
geniaalst	geniaal:a
genialere	geniaal:a
geniaalste	geniaal:a
fenotypen	fenotype:n
fenotypes	fenotype:n
bisschoppelijker	bisschoppelijk:a
bisschoppelijkst	bisschoppelijk:a
bisschoppelijke	bisschoppelijk:a
bisschoppelijkere	bisschoppelijk:a
bisschoppelijkste	bisschoppelijk:a
necrologieën	necrologie:n
necrologietje	necrologie:n
schoffels	schoffel:n
schoffeltje	schoffel:n
schoffel	schoffelen:v
breekijzers	breekijzer:n
breekijzertje	breekijzer:n
dashonden	dashond:n
dashondje	dashond:n
computerspellen	computerspel:n
computerspelletje	computerspel:n
zapte	zappen:v
zapt	zappen:v
zapten	zappen:v
zappend	zappen:v
gezapt	zappen:v
klutsen	kluts:n
klutsje	kluts:n
kluts	klutsen:v
koppelingen	koppeling:n
koppelingetje	koppeling:n
koppelinkje	koppeling:n
cumulatieve	cumulatief:a
computervirussen	computervirus:n
computervirusje	computervirus:n
krabbe	krabben:v
Oudengelse	Oudengels:a
Karelischer	Karelisch:a
Karelischt	Karelisch:a
Karelische	Karelisch:a
Karelischere	Karelisch:a
Karelischte	Karelisch:a
lijnzaden	lijnzaad:n
lijnzaadje	lijnzaad:n
blauwiger	blauwig:a
blauwigst	blauwig:a
blauwige	blauwig:a
blauwigere	blauwig:a
blauwigste	blauwig:a
paarsiger	paarsig:a
paarsigst	paarsig:a
paarsige	paarsig:a
paarsigere	paarsig:a
paarsigste	paarsig:a
betalingen	betaling:n
betalinkje	betaling:n
draal	dralen:v
draalde	dralen:v
draalt	dralen:v
draalden	dralen:v
dralend	dralen:v
gedraald	dralen:v
keukenprinsen	keukenprins:n
keukenprinsje	keukenprins:n
keukenprinsessen	keukenprinses:n
keukenprinsesje	keukenprinses:n
bumperklevers	bumperklever:n
bumperklevertje	bumperklever:n
saillanter	saillant:a
saillantst	saillant:a
saillante	saillant:a
saillantere	saillant:a
saillantste	saillant:a
saillanten	saillant:n
praktijken	praktijk:n
debiteuren	debiteur:n
debiteurs	debiteur:n
debiteurtje	debiteur:n
zekeringen	zekering:n
zekeringetje	zekering:n
fataler	fataal:a
fataalst	fataal:a
fatale	fataal:a
fatalere	fataal:a
fataalste	fataal:a
lijkwagens	lijkwagen:n
lijkwagentje	lijkwagen:n
inoculaties	inoculatie:n
inoculatietje	inoculatie:n
herkauwers	herkauwer:n
herkauwertje	herkauwer:n
diabolischer	diabolisch:a
diabolische	diabolisch:a
diabolischere	diabolisch:a
holistischer	holistisch:a
holistischt	holistisch:a
holistische	holistisch:a
holistischere	holistisch:a
holistischte	holistisch:a
hysterectomieën	hysterectomie:n
hysterectomietje	hysterectomie:n
vulle	vullen:v
schijne	schijnen:v
Israëlischer	Israëlisch:a
Israëlischt	Israëlisch:a
Israëlische	Israëlisch:a
Israëlischere	Israëlisch:a
Israëlischte	Israëlisch:a
Israëlischen	Israëlische:n
lijzijdes	lijzijde:n|lijzij:n
lijzijden	lijzijde:n|lijzij:n
lijzijdetje	lijzijde:n|lijzij:n
zeilers	zeiler:n
zeilertje	zeiler:n
rassenscheidingen	rassenscheiding:n
alleeën	allee:n
alleetje	allee:n
betakelingen	betakeling:n
mottenballen	mottenbal:n
mottenballetje	mottenbal:n
sporadischer	sporadisch:a
sporadischt	sporadisch:a
sporadische	sporadisch:a
sporadischere	sporadisch:a
sporadischte	sporadisch:a
massademonstraties	massademonstratie:n
baptistischer	baptistisch:a
baptistischt	baptistisch:a
baptistische	baptistisch:a
baptistischere	baptistisch:a
baptistischte	baptistisch:a
verbaler	verbaal:a
verbaalst	verbaal:a
verbalere	verbaal:a
verbaalste	verbaal:a
verbaal	proces-verbaal:n
verbalen	verbaal:n
retorische	retorisch:a
eczemen	eczeem:n
eczemata	eczeem:n
eczeempje	eczeem:n
encefalopathieën	encefalopathie:n
aansprakelijkheden	aansprakelijkheid:n
boterbloemen	boterbloem:n
boterbloempje	boterbloem:n
aanroep	aanroepen:v
aanriep	aanroepen:v
aanroept	aanroepen:v
aanriepen	aanroepen:v
aanroepend	aanroepen:v
aangeroepen	aanroepen:v
parallellepipeda	parallellepipedum:n
parallellepipedumpje	parallellepipedum:n
zeelten	zeelt:n
zeeltje	zeelt:n|zeel:n
houtwormen	houtworm:n
houtwormpje	houtworm:n
lepelaars	lepelaar:n
lepelaartje	lepelaar:n
symptomatische	symptomatisch:a
menora's	menora:n
gebruike	gebruiken:v
zoeke	zoeken:v
bezwijm	bezwijmen:v
bezwijmde	bezwijmen:v
bezwijmt	bezwijmen:v
bezwijmden	bezwijmen:v
bezwijmend	bezwijmen:v
bezwijmd	bezwijmen:v
lokaler	lokaal:a
lokaalst	lokaal:a
lokale	lokaal:a
lokalere	lokaal:a
lokaalste	lokaal:a
lokalen	lokaal:n
lokaaltje	lokaal:n
makaken	makaak:n
makaakje	makaak:n
manusjes-van-alles	manusje-van-alles:n
gooie	gooien:v
oproer	oproeren:v
oproerde	oproeren:v
oproert	oproeren:v
oproerden	oproeren:v
oproerend	oproeren:v
opgeroerd	oproeren:v
duizel	duizelen:v
duizelde	duizelen:v
duizelt	duizelen:v
duizelden	duizelen:v
duizelend	duizelen:v
geduizeld	duizelen:v
ongehoorzamer	ongehoorzaam:a
ongehoorzaamst	ongehoorzaam:a
ongehoorzame	ongehoorzaam:a
ongehoorzamere	ongehoorzaam:a
ongehoorzaamste	ongehoorzaam:a
afbetalingen	afbetaling:n
afbetalinkje	afbetaling:n
gokkertje	gokker:n
Vaderdagen	Vaderdag:n
salmiakken	salmiak:n
salmiakje	salmiak:n
interdisciplinaire	interdisciplinair:a
stickies	stickie:n
veldslaatje	veldsla:n
treuriger	treurig:a
treurigst	treurig:a
treurige	treurig:a
treurigere	treurig:a
treurigste	treurig:a
bulder	bulderen:v
bulderde	bulderen:v
buldert	bulderen:v
bulderden	bulderen:v
bulderend	bulderen:v
gebulderd	bulderen:v
voeder	voer:n|voederen:v
voederde	voederen:v
voedert	voederen:v
voederden	voederen:v
voederend	voederen:v
gevoederd	voederen:v
markeringen	markering:n
markerinkje	markering:n
ellepijpen	ellepijp:n
ellepijpje	ellepijp:n
blindedarmontstekingen	blindedarmontsteking:n
blindedarmontstekinkje	blindedarmontsteking:n
opaker	opaak:a
opaakst	opaak:a
opake	opaak:a
opakere	opaak:a
opaakste	opaak:a
pessaria	pessarium:n
pessariums	pessarium:n
pessariumpje	pessarium:n
gootstenen	gootsteen:n
gootsteentje	gootsteen:n
parabolen	parabool:n
parabooltje	parabool:n
schilderkunsten	schilderkunst:n
netvliezen	netvlies:n
netvliesje	netvlies:n
preutser	preuts:a
preutst	preuts:a
preutse	preuts:a
preutsere	preuts:a
preutste	preuts:a
infecties	infectie:n
infectietje	infectie:n
bruiniger	bruinig:a
bruinigst	bruinig:a
bruinige	bruinig:a
bruinigere	bruinig:a
bruinigste	bruinig:a
kuitbenen	kuitbeen:n
kuitbeenderen	kuitbeen:n
kuitbeentje	kuitbeen:n
onvoorzichtigheden	onvoorzichtigheid:n
onvoorzichtigheidje	onvoorzichtigheid:n
peterselies	peterselie:n
peterselietje	peterselie:n
escortes	escorte:n
cryptes	crypte:n
cryptetje	crypte:n
griste	grissen:v
gristen	grissen:v|christen:n
grissend	grissen:v
gegrist	grissen:v
tillend	tillen:v
getild	tillen:v
slijmeriger	slijmerig:a
slijmerigst	slijmerig:a
slijmerige	slijmerig:a
slijmerigere	slijmerig:a
slijmerigste	slijmerig:a
besluitelozer	besluiteloos:a
besluiteloost	besluiteloos:a
besluiteloze	besluiteloos:a
besluitelozere	besluiteloos:a
besluitelooste	besluiteloos:a
flauwer	flauw:a
flauwst	flauw:a
flauwe	flauw:a
flauwere	flauw:a
flauwste	flauw:a
deegrollers	deegroller:n
deegrollertje	deegroller:n
kavels	kavel:n
kavelen	kavel:n
wanhopiger	wanhopig:a
wanhopigst	wanhopig:a
wanhopigere	wanhopig:a
wanhopigste	wanhopig:a
sappiger	sappig:a
sappigst	sappig:a
sappige	sappig:a
sappigere	sappig:a
sappigste	sappig:a
woedender	woedend:a
woedendst	woedend:a
woedende	woedend:a
woedendere	woedend:a
woedendste	woedend:a
vernietige	vernietigen:v
anderhalve	anderhalf:u
verbazingwekkender	verbazingwekkend:a
verbazingwekkendst	verbazingwekkend:a
verbazingwekkende	verbazingwekkend:a
verbazingwekkendere	verbazingwekkend:a
verbazingwekkendste	verbazingwekkend:a
wekke	wekken:v
annaaltjes	annalen:n
smeul	smeulen:v
smeulde	smeulen:v
smeult	smeulen:v
smeulden	smeulen:v
smeulend	smeulen:v
gesmeuld	smeulen:v
asresten	asrest:n
asrestje	asrest:n
uitschijn	uitschijnen:v
uitscheen	uitschijnen:v
uitschijnt	uitschijnen:v
uitschenen	uitschijnen:v
uitschijnend	uitschijnen:v
uitgeschenen	uitschijnen:v
benedenhuizen	benedenhuis:n
benedenhuisje	benedenhuis:n
aanschouwende	aanschouwend:a
kleinigheden	kleinigheid:n
kleinigheidje	kleinigheid:n
walg	walgen:v
walgde	walgen:v
walgt	walgen:v
walgden	walgen:v
walgend	walgen:v
gewalgd	walgen:v
tederder	teder:a
tederst	teder:a
tedere	teder:a
tederdere	teder:a
tederste	teder:a
bruis	bruisen:v
bruiste	bruisen:v
bruist	bruisen:v
bruisten	bruisen:v
bruisend	bruisen:v
gebruist	bruisen:v
protofascisten	protofascist:n
protofascistje	protofascist:n
verfris	verfrissen:v
verfriste	verfrissen:v
verfrist	verfrissen:v
verfristen	verfrissen:v
verfrissend	verfrissen:v
weergalm	weergalmen:v
weergalmde	weergalmen:v
weergalmt	weergalmen:v
weergalmden	weergalmen:v
weergalmend	weergalmen:v
weergalmd	weergalmen:v
weergalmen	weergalm:n
belevenissen	belevenis:n
belevenisje	belevenis:n
oversla	overslaan:v
oversloeg	overslaan:v
overslaat	overslaan:v
oversloegen	overslaan:v
overslaand	overslaan:v
overgeslagen	overslaan:v
convenanten	convenant:n
convenantje	convenant:n
langspeelplaten	langspeelplaat:n
langspeelplaatje	langspeelplaat:n
langspeelplaaten	langspeelplaat:n
informatiesystemen	informatiesysteem:n
informatiesysteempje	informatiesysteem:n
scheikundigen	scheikundige:n
natuurkundiger	natuurkundig:a
natuurkundigst	natuurkundig:a
natuurkundigere	natuurkundig:a
natuurkundigste	natuurkundig:a
Nobelprijzen	Nobelprijs:n
Nobelprijsje	Nobelprijs:n
ontvange	ontvangen:v
krijge	krijgen:v
radioactiviteiten	radioactiviteit:n
ontdekke	ontdekken:v
retoucheer	retoucheren:v
retoucheerde	retoucheren:v
retoucheert	retoucheren:v
retoucheerden	retoucheren:v
retoucherend	retoucheren:v
geretoucheerd	retoucheren:v
noeme	noemen:v
typeer	typeren:v
typeerde	typeren:v
typeert	typeren:v
typeerden	typeren:v
getypeerd	typeren:v
delieren	delier:n
deliertje	delier:n
ontmoete	ontmoeten:v
röntgenapparaten	röntgenapparaat:n
röntgenapparaatje	röntgenapparaat:n
stralingsdoses	stralingsdosis:n
stralingsdosissen	stralingsdosis:n
schrijve	schrijven:v
radioactiever	radioactief:a
radioactiefst	radioactief:a
radioactieve	radioactief:a
radioactievere	radioactief:a
radioactiefste	radioactief:a
uraniumertsen	uraniumerts:n
logischer	logisch:a
logischt	logisch:a
logische	logisch:a
logischere	logisch:a
logischte	logisch:a
stralingen	straling:n
stralinkje	straling:n
onophoudelijker	onophoudelijk:a
onophoudelijkst	onophoudelijk:a
onophoudelijke	onophoudelijk:a
onophoudelijkere	onophoudelijk:a
onophoudelijkste	onophoudelijk:a
onderdrukter	onderdrukt:a
onderdruktst	onderdrukt:a
intenst	intens:a
intensere	intens:a
intenste	intens:a
gerede	gereed:a
verdiensten	verdienste:n
bijzet	bijzetten:v
bijzette	bijzetten:v
bijzettend	bijzetten:v
bijgezet	bijzetten:v
bankbiljetten	bankbiljet:n
bankbiljetje	bankbiljet:n
pincetten	pincet:n
pincetje	pincet:n
draagvlakken	draagvlak:n
draagvlakje	draagvlak:n
gaafrandiger	gaafrandig:a
gaafrandigst	gaafrandig:a
gaafrandige	gaafrandig:a
gaafrandigere	gaafrandig:a
gaafrandigste	gaafrandig:a
gekartelder	gekarteld:a
gekarteldst	gekarteld:a
gekartelde	gekarteld:a
gekarteldere	gekarteld:a
gekarteldste	gekarteld:a
klingen	kling:n
klingetje	kling:n
geneesmiddelenvergoedingssystemen	geneesmiddelenvergoedingssysteem:n
voorkome	voorkomen:v
soortje	soort:n
dateringen	datering:n
daterinkje	datering:n
woonplaatsen	woonplaats:n
woonplaatsje	woonplaats:n
zuurstofrijker	zuurstofrijk:a
zuurstofrijkst	zuurstofrijk:a
zuurstofrijke	zuurstofrijk:a
zuurstofrijkere	zuurstofrijk:a
zuurstofrijkste	zuurstofrijk:a
biosferen	biosfeer:n
biosfeertje	biosfeer:n
bedekke	bedekken:v
meurriger	meurrig:a
meurrigst	meurrig:a
meurrige	meurrig:a
meurrigere	meurrig:a
meurrigste	meurrig:a
lithosferen	lithosfeer:n
buitenste	buitenst:a
levensvormen	levensvorm:n
levensvormpje	levensvorm:n
tijdschalen	tijdschaal:n
bewege	bewegen:v
convecterender	convecterend:a
convecterendst	convecterend:a
convecterende	convecterend:a
convecterendere	convecterend:a
convecterendste	convecterend:a
binnenkernen	binnenkern:n
binnenkerntje	binnenkern:n
buitenkernen	buitenkern:n
buitenkerntje	buitenkern:n
zonnewinden	zonnewind:n
zonnewindje	zonnewind:n
bescherme	beschermen:v
draaie	draaien:v
bidsprinkhanen	bidsprinkhaan:n
bidsprinkhaantje	bidsprinkhaan:n
satellieten	satelliet:n
satellietje	satelliet:n
aantrekkingskrachten	aantrekkingskracht:n
aantrekkingskrachtje	aantrekkingskracht:n
hellingshoeken	hellingshoek:n
hellingshoekje	hellingshoek:n
rotatiesnelheden	rotatiesnelheid:n
afstoten	afstoot:n
afstotender	afstotend:a
afstotendst	afstotend:a
afstotende	afstotend:a
afstotendere	afstotend:a
afstotendste	afstotend:a
gemiddeldes	gemiddelde:n
gemiddelden	gemiddelde:n
invang	invangen:v
inving	invangen:v
invangt	invangen:v
invingen	invangen:v
invangend	invangen:v
ingevangen	invangen:v
gravitatievelden	gravitatieveld:n
gravitatieveldje	gravitatieveld:n
opvangen	opvang:n
opvangetje	opvang:n
onherbergzamer	onherbergzaam:a
onherbergzaamst	onherbergzaam:a
onherbergzame	onherbergzaam:a
onherbergzamere	onherbergzaam:a
onherbergzaamste	onherbergzaam:a
aarzelingen	aarzeling:n
aarzelingetje	aarzeling:n
rechercheurs	rechercheur:n
rechercheurtje	rechercheur:n
knik	knikken:v
knikte	knikken:v
knikt	knikken:v
knikten	knikken:v
knikkend	knikken:v
geknikt	knikken:v
valer	vaal:a
vaalst	vaal:a
valere	vaal:a
vaalste	vaal:a
achterklapje	achterklap:n
vrijheidsstrijders	vrijheidsstrijder:n
vrijheidsstrijdertje	vrijheidsstrijder:n
drugsverslaafden	drugsverslaafde:n
grijnzen	grijns:n
grijns	grijnzen:v
grijnsde	grijnzen:v
grijnst	grijnzen:v
grijnsden	grijnzen:v
grijnzend	grijnzen:v
gegrijnsd	grijnzen:v
bezie	bezien:v
bezag	bezien:v
beziet	bezien:v
bezagen	bezien:v
beziend	bezien:v
puntgaver	puntgaaf:a
puntgaafst	puntgaaf:a
puntgave	puntgaaf:a
puntgavere	puntgaaf:a
puntgaafste	puntgaaf:a
bedekkingen	bedekking:n
bedekkinkje	bedekking:n
opdraaf	opdraven:v
opdraafde	opdraven:v
opdraaft	opdraven:v
opdraafden	opdraven:v
opdravend	opdraven:v
opgedraafd	opdraven:v
hoogpolige	hoogpolig:a
grijshariger	grijsharig:a
grijsharigst	grijsharig:a
grijsharige	grijsharig:a
grijsharigere	grijsharig:a
grijsharigste	grijsharig:a
ambtelijker	ambtelijk:a
ambtelijkst	ambtelijk:a
ambtelijke	ambtelijk:a
ambtelijkere	ambtelijk:a
ambtelijkste	ambtelijk:a
Vogelaartjes	Vogelaartje:n
dactyloscopieën	dactyloscopie:n
dactyloscopietje	dactyloscopie:n
dactyloscopische	dactyloscopisch:a
lijkschouwers	lijkschouwer:n
lijkschouwertje	lijkschouwer:n
knollen	knol:n
knolletje	knol:n
wuif	wuiven:v
wuifde	wuiven:v
wuift	wuiven:v
wuifden	wuiven:v
wuivend	wuiven:v
gewuifd	wuiven:v
jees	jee:i
brancards	brancard:n
brancardje	brancard:n
mailde	mailen:v
mailt	mailen:v
mailden	mailen:v
mailend	mailen:v
gemaild	mailen:v
superettes	superette:n
superetje	superette:n
politicusje	politicus:n
Joodser	Joods:a
Joodst	Joods:a
Joodse	Joods:a
Joodsere	Joods:a
Joodste	Joods:a
bleinen	blein:n
bleintje	blein:n
hoofdrollen	hoofdrol:n
hoofdrolletje	hoofdrol:n
ontwikkelaars	ontwikkelaar:n
ontwikkelaartje	ontwikkelaar:n
dwergplaneten	dwergplaneet:n
dwergplaneetje	dwergplaneet:n
glooi	glooien:v
glooide	glooien:v
glooit	glooien:v
glooiden	glooien:v
glooiend	glooien:v
geglooid	glooien:v
glooiingen	glooiing:n
glooiinkje	glooiing:n
glooiingshoeken	glooiingshoek:n
glooiingshoekje	glooiingshoek:n
aanmaak	aanmaken:v
aanmaakte	aanmaken:v
aanmaakt	aanmaken:v
aanmaakten	aanmaken:v
aanmakend	aanmaken:v
aangemaakt	aanmaken:v
toek	toeken:v
toekte	toeken:v
toekt	toeken:v
toekten	toeken:v
toekend	toeken:v
getoekt	toeken:v
onderzoeke	onderzoeken:v
karakteristieken	karakteristiek:n
karakteristiekje	karakteristiek:n
karakteristieker	karakteristiek:a
karakteristiekst	karakteristiek:a
karakteristieke	karakteristiek:a
karakteristiekere	karakteristiek:a
karakteristiekste	karakteristiek:a
verdamp	verdampen:v
verdampte	verdampen:v
verdampt	verdampen:v
verdampten	verdampen:v
verdampend	verdampen:v
excentriciteiten	excentriciteit:n
mitosen	mitose:n
dwarszit	dwarszitten:v
dwarszat	dwarszitten:v
dwarszaten	dwarszitten:v
dwarszittend	dwarszitten:v
dwarsgezeten	dwarszitten:v
afzuigkappen	afzuigkap:n
afzuigkapje	afzuigkap:n
afkom	afkomen:v
afkwam	afkomen:v
afkomt	afkomen:v
afkwamen	afkomen:v
afkomend	afkomen:v
afgekomen	afkomen:v
isolere	isoleren:v
artilleristen	artillerist:n
artilleristje	artillerist:n
kluchten	klucht:n
kluchtje	klucht:n
slagvaardiger	slagvaardig:a
slagvaardigst	slagvaardig:a
slagvaardige	slagvaardig:a
slagvaardigere	slagvaardig:a
slagvaardigste	slagvaardig:a
marktleiders	marktleider:n
marktleidertje	marktleider:n
dommel	dommelen:v
dommelde	dommelen:v
dommelt	dommelen:v
dommelden	dommelen:v
dommelend	dommelen:v
gedommeld	dommelen:v
kinderboeken	kinderboek:n
kinderboekje	kinderboek:n
volksverhalen	volksverhaal:n
volksverhaaltje	volksverhaal:n
uitsla	uitslaan:v
uitsloeg	uitslaan:v
uitslaat	uitslaan:v
uitsloegen	uitslaan:v
uitslaand	uitslaan:v
uitgeslagen	uitslaan:v
schappelijker	schappelijk:a
schappelijkst	schappelijk:a
schappelijke	schappelijk:a
schappelijkere	schappelijk:a
schappelijkste	schappelijk:a
middel	middelen:v
middelde	middelen:v
middelt	middelen:v
middelden	middelen:v
middelend	middelen:v
relativiteitstheorieën	relativiteitstheorie:n
relativiteitstheorietje	relativiteitstheorie:n
elliptischer	elliptisch:a
elliptischt	elliptisch:a
elliptische	elliptisch:a
elliptischere	elliptisch:a
elliptischte	elliptisch:a
denke	denken:v
verwaarloze	verwaarlozen:v
impliceer	impliceren:v
impliceerde	impliceren:v
impliceert	impliceren:v
impliceerden	impliceren:v
implicerend	impliceren:v
geïmpliceerd	impliceren:v
subatomaire	subatomair:a
observaties	observatie:n
observatietje	observatie:n
spiraalstelsels	spiraalstelsel:n
spiraalstelseltje	spiraalstelsel:n
zwaartekrachtsvelden	zwaartekrachtsveld:n
bijw.	bijwoord:n
inconsistenties	inconsistentie:n
inconsistentietje	inconsistentie:n
postuleer	postuleren:v
postuleerde	postuleren:v
postuleert	postuleren:v
postuleerden	postuleren:v
postulerend	postuleren:v
gepostuleerd	postuleren:v
instituten	instituut:n
instituutje	instituut:n
zonnemassa's	zonnemassa:n
planetaire	planetair:a
spectrografen	spectrograaf:n
spectrograafje	spectrograaf:n
veralgemeender	veralgemeend:a
veralgemeendst	veralgemeend:a
veralgemeende	veralgemeend:a|veralgemenen:v
veralgemeendere	veralgemeend:a
veralgemeendste	veralgemeend:a
germanismen	germanisme:n
germanismetje	germanisme:n
cosmogonie	kosmogonie:n
rabbijnen	rabbijn:n
rabbijntje	rabbijn:n
herziene	herzien:v
ouwels	ouwel:n
ouweltje	ouwel:n
franjes	franje:n
franjetje	franje:n
roeie	roeien:v
ontbrand	ontbranden:v
ontbrandde	ontbranden:v
ontbrandt	ontbranden:v
ontbrandden	ontbranden:v
ontbrandend	ontbranden:v
verlossers	verlosser:n
verlossertje	verlosser:n
onaanvaardbaarder	onaanvaardbaar:a
onaanvaardbaarst	onaanvaardbaar:a
onaanvaardbare	onaanvaardbaar:a
onaanvaardbaardere	onaanvaardbaar:a
onaanvaardbaarste	onaanvaardbaar:a
toe-eigen	toe-eigenen:v
toe-eigende	toe-eigenen:v
toe-eigent	toe-eigenen:v
toe-eigenden	toe-eigenen:v
toe-eigenend	toe-eigenen:v
toegeëigend	toe-eigenen:v
toeëigenen	toe-eigenen:v
opdring	opdringen:v
opdrong	opdringen:v
opdringt	opdringen:v
opdrongen	opdringen:v
opdringend	opdringen:v
opgedrongen	opdringen:v
bekijke	bekijken:v
betegelingen	betegeling:n
betegel	betegelen:v
betegelde	betegelen:v
betegelt	betegelen:v
betegelden	betegelen:v
betegelend	betegelen:v
betegeld	betegelen:v
vijfvoudige	vijfvoudig:a
millicandela's	millicandela:n
voorruiten	voorruit:n
voorruitje	voorruit:n
vettiger	vettig:a
vettigst	vettig:a
vettige	vettig:a
vettigere	vettig:a
vettigste	vettig:a
zwiep	zwiepen:v
zwiepte	zwiepen:v
zwiept	zwiepen:v
zwiepten	zwiepen:v
zwiepend	zwiepen:v
gezwiept	zwiepen:v
struin	struinen:v
struinde	struinen:v
struint	struinen:v
struinden	struinen:v
struinend	struinen:v
gestruind	struinen:v
bromde	brommen:v
bromt	brommen:v
bromden	brommen:v
brommend	brommen:v
gebromd	brommen:v
opjut	opjutten:v
opjutte	opjutten:v
opjuttend	opjutten:v
opgejut	opjutten:v
benzinestations	benzinestation:n
benzinestationnetje	benzinestation:n
avondspitsen	avondspits:n
selfies	selfie:n
selfietje	selfie:n
knooppunten	knooppunt:n
knooppuntje	knooppunt:n
vogelaars	vogelaar:n
vogelaartje	vogelaar:n
keerkringen	keerkring:n
keerkringetje	keerkring:n
territorialer	territoriaal:a
territoriaalst	territoriaal:a
territorialere	territoriaal:a
territoriaalste	territoriaal:a
vreemd	vreemden:v
vreemdde	vreemden:v
vreemdt	vreemden:v
vreemdden	vreemden:v
vreemdend	vreemden:v
gevreemd	vreemden:v
woel	woelen:v
woelde	woelen:v
woelt	woelen:v
woelden	woelen:v
woelend	woelen:v
gewoeld	woelen:v
ondoordachter	ondoordacht:a
ondoordachtst	ondoordacht:a
ondoordachte	ondoordacht:a
ondoordachtere	ondoordacht:a
ondoordachtste	ondoordacht:a
balladen	ballade:n
ballades	ballade:n
balladetje	ballade:n
stofstormen	stofstorm:n
stofstormpje	stofstorm:n
putschisten	putschist:n
neerkijk	neerkijken:v
neerkeek	neerkijken:v
neerkijkt	neerkijken:v
neerkeken	neerkijken:v
neerkijkend	neerkijken:v
neergekeken	neerkijken:v
Veluwse	Veluws:a
entrecotes	entrecote:n
entrecoteje	entrecote:n
refertes	referte:n
bevoogdender	bevoogdend:a
bevoogdendst	bevoogdend:a
bevoogdende	bevoogdend:a
bevoogdendere	bevoogdend:a
bevoogdendste	bevoogdend:a
breedtesporters	breedtesporter:n
breedtesportertje	breedtesporter:n
onbezonnener	onbezonnen:a
onbezonnenst	onbezonnen:a
onbezonnenste	onbezonnen:a
scandere	scanderen:v
criticusje	criticus:n
singularissen	singularis:n
singularia	singularis:n
e-mailtje	e-mail:n
debuutalbums	debuutalbum:n
debuutalbumpje	debuutalbum:n
debuutje	debuut:n
debuteer	debuteren:v
debuteerde	debuteren:v
debuteert	debuteren:v
debuteerden	debuteren:v
debuterend	debuteren:v
gedebuteerd	debuteren:v
viezeriken	viezerik:n
viezerikje	viezerik:n
transcendenties	transcendentie:n
immanenties	immanentie:n
vrijspraakje	vrijspraak:n
peinsde	peinzen:v
peinst	peinzen:v
peinsden	peinzen:v
peinzend	peinzen:v
gepeinsd	peinzen:v
luisteraars	luisteraar:n
luisteraartje	luisteraar:n
antwoorde	antwoorden:v
beantwoorde	beantwoorden:v
omwind	omwinden:v
omwond	omwinden:v
omwindt	omwinden:v
omwonden	omwinden:v
omwindend	omwinden:v
omgewonden	omwinden:v
verlate	verlaten:v
producties	productie:n
productietje	productie:n
gebeure	gebeuren:v
voere	varen:v|voeren:v
begrotingskorten	begrotingskort:n
begrotingskortje	begrotingskort:n
inspirerender	inspirerend:a
inspirerendst	inspirerend:a
inspirerende	inspirerend:a
inspirerendere	inspirerend:a
inspirerendste	inspirerend:a
ziektekostenverzekeringen	ziektekostenverzekering:n
ziektekostenverzekeringetje	ziektekostenverzekering:n
ontwikkelingslanden	ontwikkelingsland:n
ontwikkelingslandje	ontwikkelingsland:n
westwaartser	westwaarts:a
westwaartst	westwaarts:a
westwaartse	westwaarts:a
westwaartsere	westwaarts:a
westwaartste	westwaarts:a
metropolen	metropool:n
metropooltje	metropool:n
kantons	kanton:n
kantonnetje	kanton:n
beduidend	beduiden:v
beduidender	beduidend:a
beduidendst	beduidend:a
beduidende	beduidend:a
beduidendere	beduidend:a
beduidendste	beduidend:a
perifeerder	perifeer:a
perifeerst	perifeer:a
perifere	perifeer:a
perifeerdere	perifeer:a
perifeerste	perifeer:a
agglomeraties	agglomeratie:n
agglomeratietje	agglomeratie:n
bondskanseliers	bondskanselier:n
bondskanseliertje	bondskanselier:n
massaproducties	massaproductie:n
bandwerkers	bandwerker:n
bandwerkertje	bandwerker:n
regenjassen	regenjas:n
regenjasje	regenjas:n
regenjacks	regenjack:n
regenjackje	regenjack:n
slof	sloffen:v
slofte	sloffen:v
sloft	sloffen:v
sloften	sloffen:v
sloffend	sloffen:v
gesloft	sloffen:v
sloffen	slof:n
sloofje	sloof:n
sjokte	sjokken:v
sjokt	sjokken:v
sjokten	sjokken:v
sjokkend	sjokken:v
gesjokt	sjokken:v
versimpelingen	versimpeling:n
speurders	speurder:n
speurdertje	speurder:n
versimpel	versimpelen:v
versimpelde	versimpelen:v
versimpelt	versimpelen:v
versimpelden	versimpelen:v
versimpelend	versimpelen:v
versimpeld	versimpelen:v
etensresten	etensrest:n
etensrestje	etensrest:n
plasje	plas:n
beluister	beluisteren:v
beluisterde	beluisteren:v
beluistert	beluisteren:v
beluisterden	beluisteren:v
beluisterend	beluisteren:v
beluisterd	beluisteren:v
marteltuigen	marteltuig:n
marteltuigje	marteltuig:n
uitraas	uitrazen:v
uitraasde	uitrazen:v
uitraast	uitrazen:v
uitraasden	uitrazen:v
uitrazend	uitrazen:v
uitgeraasd	uitrazen:v
salarissen	salaris:n
salarisje	salaris:n
vernieuw	vernieuwen:v
vernieuwde	vernieuwen:v
vernieuwt	vernieuwen:v
vernieuwden	vernieuwen:v
vernieuwend	vernieuwen:v
vernieuwd	vernieuwen:v
ontvoogdingen	ontvoogding:n
bockbieren	bockbier:n
bockbiertje	bockbier:n
ovaties	ovatie:n
ovatietje	ovatie:n
zwezeriken	zwezerik:n
zwezerikje	zwezerik:n
schaafwonden	schaafwond:n
schaafwondje	schaafwond:n
dampe	dampen:v
onderlippen	onderlip:n
onderlipje	onderlip:n
bovenlippen	bovenlip:n
bovenlipje	bovenlip:n
verhoorkamers	verhoorkamer:n
verhoorkamertje	verhoorkamer:n
lipvissen	lipvis:n
lipvisje	lipvis:n
schaamlippen	schaamlip:n
schaamlipje	schaamlip:n
loslippiger	loslippig:a
loslippigst	loslippig:a
loslippige	loslippig:a
loslippigere	loslippig:a
loslippigste	loslippig:a
fouilleer	fouilleren:v
fouilleerde	fouilleren:v
fouilleert	fouilleren:v
fouilleerden	fouilleren:v
fouillerend	fouilleren:v
gefouilleerd	fouilleren:v
vreugdelozer	vreugdeloos:a
vreugdeloost	vreugdeloos:a
vreugdeloze	vreugdeloos:a
vreugdelozere	vreugdeloos:a
vreugdelooste	vreugdeloos:a
hartstochtelijker	hartstochtelijk:a
hartstochtelijkst	hartstochtelijk:a
hartstochtelijke	hartstochtelijk:a
hartstochtelijkere	hartstochtelijk:a
hartstochtelijkste	hartstochtelijk:a
bonke	bonken:v
digitaliseer	digitaliseren:v
digitaliseerde	digitaliseren:v
digitaliseert	digitaliseren:v
digitaliseerden	digitaliseren:v
digitaliserend	digitaliseren:v
gedigitaliseerd	digitaliseren:v
Etruskische	Etruskisch:a
subjectiever	subjectief:a
subjectiefst	subjectief:a
subjectieve	subjectief:a
subjectievere	subjectief:a
subjectiefste	subjectief:a
creatiever	creatief:a
creatiefst	creatief:a
creatieve	creatief:a
creatievere	creatief:a
creatiefste	creatief:a
categoriseer	categoriseren:v
categoriseerde	categoriseren:v
categoriseert	categoriseren:v
categoriseerden	categoriseren:v
categoriserend	categoriseren:v
gecategoriseerd	categoriseren:v
structureler	structureel:a
structureelst	structureel:a
structurele	structureel:a
structurelere	structureel:a
structureelste	structureel:a
toetse	toetsen:v
ingewortelder	ingeworteld:a
ingeworteldst	ingeworteld:a
ingewortelde	ingeworteld:a
ingeworteldere	ingeworteld:a
ingeworteldste	ingeworteld:a
journalistieker	journalistiek:a
journalistiekst	journalistiek:a
journalistieke	journalistiek:a
journalistiekere	journalistiek:a
journalistiekste	journalistiek:a
hoorspelen	hoorspel:n
hoorspelletje	hoorspel:n
klaagliederen	klaaglied:n
klaagliedje	klaaglied:n
moederlijker	moederlijk:a
moederlijkst	moederlijk:a
moederlijke	moederlijk:a
moederlijkere	moederlijk:a
moederlijkste	moederlijk:a
Braziliaansen	Braziliaanse:n
zeebevingen	zeebeving:n
zeebevinkje	zeebeving:n
verplaatse	verplaatsen:v
gromde	grommen:v
gromt	grommen:v
gromden	grommen:v
grommend	grommen:v
gegromd	grommen:v
lippendiensten	lippendienst:n
lippendienstje	lippendienst:n
liplees	liplezen:v
liplas	liplezen:v
lipleest	liplezen:v
liplazen	liplezen:v
liplezend	liplezen:v
lipgelezen	liplezen:v
lipklanken	lipklank:n
lipklankje	lipklank:n
bewijsvoeringen	bewijsvoering:n
voeringen	voering:n
voerinkje	voering:n
mistroostiger	mistroostig:a
mistroostigst	mistroostig:a
mistroostige	mistroostig:a
mistroostigere	mistroostig:a
mistroostigste	mistroostig:a
proletarischer	proletarisch:a
proletarischt	proletarisch:a
proletarische	proletarisch:a
proletarischere	proletarisch:a
proletarischte	proletarisch:a
braderieën	braderie:n
spermatozoa	spermatozoön:n
introduceer	introduceren:v
introduceerde	introduceren:v
introduceert	introduceren:v
introduceerden	introduceren:v
introducerend	introduceren:v
geïntroduceerd	introduceren:v
standaarden	standaard:n
standaards	standaard:n
standaardje	standaard:n
bouwe	bouwen:v
gehandicapter	gehandicapt:a
gehandicaptst	gehandicapt:a
gehandicaptere	gehandicapt:a
gehandicaptste	gehandicapt:a
wense	wensen:v
leze	lezen:v
draaiingen	draaiing:n
draaiinkje	draaiing:n
behels	behelzen:v
behelsde	behelzen:v
behelst	behelzen:v
behelsden	behelzen:v
behelzend	behelzen:v
behelsd	behelzen:v
spreke	spreken:v
brandstofcellen	brandstofcel:n
brandstofcelletje	brandstofcel:n
gelaagder	gelaagd:a
gelaagdst	gelaagd:a
gelaagde	gelaagd:a
gelaagdere	gelaagd:a
gelaagdste	gelaagd:a
ankerde	ankeren:v
ankert	ankeren:v
ankerden	ankeren:v
ankerend	ankeren:v
geankerd	ankeren:v
obstakels	obstakel:n
obstakeltje	obstakel:n
eenmanszaken	eenmanszaak:n
eenmanszaakje	eenmanszaak:n
teers	teer:a
roodborsten	roodborst:n
prairiehonden	prairiehond:n
prairiehondje	prairiehond:n
ranziger	ranzig:a
ranzigst	ranzig:a
ranzige	ranzig:a
ranzigere	ranzig:a
ranzigste	ranzig:a
vermaak	vermaken:v
vermaakte	vermaken:v
vermaakt	vermaken:v
vermaakten	vermaken:v
vermakend	vermaken:v
vermaken	vermaak:n
ijskoude	ijskoud:a
dryaden	dryade:n
dryades	dryade:n
asla's	asla:n
aslaatje	asla:n
winnaressen	winnares:n
winnaresje	winnares:n
lugt	lucht:n
harst	harsten:v|hars:n
harstte	harsten:v
harstten	harsten:v
harstend	harsten:v
geharst	harsten:v
meuk	meuken:v
meukte	meuken:v
meukt	meuken:v
meukten	meuken:v
meukend	meuken:v
gemeukt	meuken:v
sudder	sudderen:v
sudderde	sudderen:v
suddert	sudderen:v
sudderden	sudderen:v
sudderend	sudderen:v
gesudderd	sudderen:v
stikke	stikken:v
veldslagen	veldslag:n
veldslagje	veldslag:n
sture	sturen:v
stadhouders	stadhouder:n
stadhoudertje	stadhouder:n
handelsvloten	handelsvloot:n
handelsvlootje	handelsvloot:n
operere	opereren:v
toebreng	toebrengen:v
toebracht	toebrengen:v
toebrengt	toebrengen:v
toebrachten	toebrengen:v
toebrengend	toebrengen:v
toegebracht	toebrengen:v
leide	leiden:v
winne	winnen:v
beslisse	beslissen:v
situeer	situeren:v
situeerde	situeren:v
situeert	situeren:v
situeerden	situeren:v
situerend	situeren:v
gesitueerd	situeren:v
allianties	alliantie:n
alliantietje	alliantie:n
ondertekene	ondertekenen:v
vechte	vechten:v
onderhandele	onderhandelen:v
bruidsschatten	bruidsschat:n
bruidsschatje	bruidsschat:n
huwe	huwen:v
opteken	optekenen:v
optekende	optekenen:v
optekent	optekenen:v
optekenden	optekenen:v
optekenend	optekenen:v
opgetekend	optekenen:v
handhave	handhaven:v
schiete	schieten:v
kinderlozen	kinderloze:n
verovere	veroveren:v
stuitje	stuit:n
stuite	stuiten:v
intrek	intrekken:v
introk	intrekken:v
intrekt	intrekken:v
introkken	intrekken:v
intrekkend	intrekken:v
ingetrokken	intrekken:v
offensieven	offensief:n
offensiefje	offensief:n
offensiever	offensief:a
offensiefst	offensief:a
offensieve	offensief:a
offensievere	offensief:a
offensiefste	offensief:a
kaperbrieven	kaperbrief:n
kaperbriefje	kaperbrief:n
zetele	zetelen:v
waarvandaan	vandaan:d
kapers	kaper:n
kapertje	kaper:n
geblokkeerd	blokkeren:v
vlooteskaders	vlooteskader:n
eskaders	eskader:n
eskadertje	eskader:n
kapingen	kaping:n
kapinkje	kaping:n
raadpensionaris	raadspensionaris:n
muit	muiten:v
muitte	muiten:v
muitend	muiten:v
gemuit	muiten:v
uitbetalingen	uitbetaling:n
uitbetalinkje	uitbetaling:n
waardevoller	waardevol:a
waardevolst	waardevol:a
waardevolle	waardevol:a
waardevollere	waardevol:a
waardevolste	waardevol:a
aanvallender	aanvallend:a
aanvallendst	aanvallend:a
aanvallende	aanvallend:a
aanvallendere	aanvallend:a
aanvallendste	aanvallend:a
muiters	muiter:n
muitertje	muiter:n
innames	inname:n
stamme	stammen:v
lams	lam:n
gniffel	gniffelen:v
gniffelde	gniffelen:v
gniffelt	gniffelen:v
gniffelden	gniffelen:v
gniffelend	gniffelen:v
gegniffeld	gniffelen:v
epigrafieën	epigrafie:n
denkrimpels	denkrimpel:n
denkrimpeltje	denkrimpel:n
palaver	palaveren:v
palaverde	palaveren:v
palavert	palaveren:v
palaverden	palaveren:v
palaverend	palaveren:v
gepalaverd	palaveren:v
smeriger	smerig:a
smerigst	smerig:a
smerige	smerig:a
smerigere	smerig:a
smerigste	smerig:a
negatiever	negatief:a
negatiefst	negatief:a
negatieve	negatief:a
negatievere	negatief:a
negatiefste	negatief:a
negatieven	negatief:n
negatiefje	negatief:n
zwakten	zwakte:n|zwakken:v
zwaktes	zwakte:n
zwaktetje	zwakte:n
kegels	kegel:n
kegeltje	kegel:n
trombosen	trombose:n
tromboses	trombose:n
ralletje	ral:n
scheerzepen	scheerzeep:n
scheerzeepje	scheerzeep:n
oplichters	oplichter:n
oplichtertje	oplichter:n
onaangeroerde	onaangeroerd:a
juwelen	juweel:n
juweeltje	juweel:n
hoekiger	hoekig:a
hoekigst	hoekig:a
hoekige	hoekig:a
hoekigere	hoekig:a
hoekigste	hoekig:a
omschrijvingen	omschrijving:n
omschrijvinkje	omschrijving:n
herkenbaarder	herkenbaar:a
herkenbaarst	herkenbaar:a
herkenbaardere	herkenbaar:a
herkenbaarste	herkenbaar:a
pleegzorgje	pleegzorg:n
zwavelzuurtje	zwavelzuur:n
engelsen	engels:n
engelsje	engels:n
engels	engel:n
middags	middag:n
huns	hun:t|zij:r
zoekers	zoeker:n
zoekertje	zoeker:n
mountainbikes	mountainbike:n
testikels	testikel:n
testikeltje	testikel:n
vrijstaatje	vrijstaat:n
vrijers	vrijer:n
vrijertje	vrijer:n
senaten	senaat:n
senaatje	senaat:n
groepeer	groeperen:v
groepeerde	groeperen:v
groepeert	groeperen:v
groepeerden	groeperen:v
groeperend	groeperen:v
gegroepeerd	groeperen:v
annexeer	annexeren:v
annexeerde	annexeren:v
annexeert	annexeren:v
annexeerden	annexeren:v
annexerend	annexeren:v
geannexeerd	annexeren:v
karbonkels	karbonkel:n
karbonkeltje	karbonkel:n
aanklachten	aanklacht:n
aanklachtje	aanklacht:n
heuser	heus:a
heust	heus:a
heuse	heus:a
heusere	heus:a
heuste	heus:a
ensceneer	ensceneren:v
ensceneerde	ensceneren:v
ensceneert	ensceneren:v
ensceneerden	ensceneren:v
enscenerend	ensceneren:v
geënsceneerd	ensceneren:v
babysit	babysitten:v
babysitte	babysitten:v
babysittend	babysitten:v
gebabysit	babysitten:v
sensaties	sensatie:n
sensatietje	sensatie:n
ongeloviger	ongelovig:a
ongelovigst	ongelovig:a
ongelovigere	ongelovig:a
ongelovigste	ongelovig:a
meesmuil	meesmuilen:v
meesmuilde	meesmuilen:v
meesmuilt	meesmuilen:v
meesmuilden	meesmuilen:v
meesmuilend	meesmuilen:v
gemeesmuild	meesmuilen:v
beëdigingen	beëdiging:n
herkrijg	herkrijgen:v
herkreeg	herkrijgen:v
herkrijgt	herkrijgen:v
herkregen	herkrijgen:v
herkrijgend	herkrijgen:v
LHBT	lhbt:n
waterkokers	waterkoker:n
waterkokertje	waterkoker:n
nietjes	nietje:n
harer	haar:t|zij:r
Semitischer	Semitisch:a
Semitischt	Semitisch:a
Semitische	Semitisch:a
Semitischere	Semitisch:a
Semitischte	Semitisch:a
noordoostelijker	noordoostelijk:a
noordoostelijkst	noordoostelijk:a
noordoostelijke	noordoostelijk:a
noordoostelijkere	noordoostelijk:a
noordoostelijkste	noordoostelijk:a
rockbands	rockband:n
rockbandje	rockband:n
verkope	verkopen:v
sommigen	sommige:r
uitgebrachte	uitgebracht:a
schildere	schilderen:v
experimentere	experimenteren:v
doorbreek	doorbreken:v
doorbrak	doorbreken:v
doorbreekt	doorbreken:v
doorbrekend	doorbreken:v
doorgebroken	doorbreken:v
doorbroken	doorbreken:v
breke	breken:v
glorieuzer	glorieus:a
glorieust	glorieus:a
glorieuze	glorieus:a
glorieuzere	glorieus:a
glorieuste	glorieus:a
muzikaler	muzikaal:a
muzikaalst	muzikaal:a
muzikale	muzikaal:a
muzikalere	muzikaal:a
muzikaalste	muzikaal:a
frustraties	frustratie:n
frustratietje	frustratie:n
platencontracten	platencontract:n
platencontractje	platencontract:n
overtuige	overtuigen:v
dwaalgasten	dwaalgast:n
dwaalgastje	dwaalgast:n
eentonigheden	eentonigheid:n
verandere	veranderen:v
wijzige	wijzigen:v
modificere	modificeren:v
blijve	blijven:v
platenlabels	platenlabel:n
platenlabeltje	platenlabel:n
vicevoorzitters	vicevoorzitter:n
bederve	bederven:v
verkochte	verkopen:v
nominaties	nominatie:n
nominatietje	nominatie:n
optredes	optrede:n
optreden	optrede:n
optredetje	optrede:n
belone	belonen:v
toeren	toer:n
toertje	toer:n
toer	toeren:v
toerde	toeren:v
toert	toeren:v
toerden	toeren:v
toerend	toeren:v
getoerd	toeren:v
vergissingen	vergissing:n
vergissinkje	vergissing:n
mislukke	mislukken:v
ontlene	ontlenen:v
spele	spelen:v
plege	plegen:v
slage	slagen:v
vergeefser	vergeefs:a
vergeefst	vergeefs:a
vergeefse	vergeefs:a
vergeefsere	vergeefs:a
vergeefste	vergeefs:a
tille	tillen:v
blondines	blondine:n
blondinetje	blondine:n
beenmergen	beenmerg:n
beenmergje	beenmerg:n
ruimtetuigen	ruimtetuig:n
ruimtetuigje	ruimtetuig:n
misprijs	misprijzen:v
misprees	misprijzen:v
misprijst	misprijzen:v
misprezen	misprijzen:v
misprijzend	misprijzen:v
opbel	opbellen:v
opbelde	opbellen:v
opbelt	opbellen:v
opbelden	opbellen:v
opbellend	opbellen:v
opgebeld	opbellen:v
goedlachser	goedlachs:a
goedlachst	goedlachs:a
goedlachse	goedlachs:a
goedlachsere	goedlachs:a
goedlachste	goedlachs:a
lesbische	lesbisch:a
directies	directie:n
directietje	directie:n
dienders	diender:n
diendertje	diender:n
stuurprogramma's	stuurprogramma:n
stuurprogrammaatje	stuurprogramma:n
opdraag	opdragen:v
opdroeg	opdragen:v
opdraagt	opdragen:v
opdroegen	opdragen:v
opdragend	opdragen:v
opgedragen	opdragen:v
ejaculaties	ejaculatie:n
ejaculatietje	ejaculatie:n
tomatenketchups	tomatenketchup:n
tomatenketchupje	tomatenketchup:n
harpoenen	harpoen:n
harpoentje	harpoen:n
eierstokken	eierstok:n
eierstokje	eierstok:n
eeuwenlange	eeuwenlang:a
waterplaatsen	waterplaats:n
waterplaatsje	waterplaats:n
ongenaakbaarder	ongenaakbaar:a
ongenaakbaarst	ongenaakbaar:a
ongenaakbare	ongenaakbaar:a
ongenaakbaardere	ongenaakbaar:a
ongenaakbaarste	ongenaakbaar:a
roestiger	roestig:a
roestigst	roestig:a
roestige	roestig:a
roestigere	roestig:a
roestigste	roestig:a
spijlen	spijl:n
spijltje	spijl:n
vlonders	vlonder:n
vlondertje	vlonder:n
vervaarlijker	vervaarlijk:a
vervaarlijkst	vervaarlijk:a
vervaarlijke	vervaarlijk:a
vervaarlijkere	vervaarlijk:a
vervaarlijkste	vervaarlijk:a
ensceneringen	enscenering:n
enscenerinkje	enscenering:n
artiestennamen	artiestennaam:n
artiestennaampje	artiestennaam:n
ontga	ontgaan:v
ontging	ontgaan:v
ontgaat	ontgaan:v
ontgingen	ontgaan:v
ontgaand	ontgaan:v
uitbouwen	uitbouw:n
uitbouwtje	uitbouw:n
muurvaster	muurvast:a
muurvastst	muurvast:a
muurvaste	muurvast:a
muurvastere	muurvast:a
muurvastste	muurvast:a
piekeriger	piekerig:a
piekerigst	piekerig:a
piekerige	piekerig:a
piekerigere	piekerig:a
piekerigste	piekerig:a
onbehoorlijker	onbehoorlijk:a
onbehoorlijkst	onbehoorlijk:a
onbehoorlijke	onbehoorlijk:a
onbehoorlijkere	onbehoorlijk:a
onbehoorlijkste	onbehoorlijk:a
Hongaren	Hongaar:n
Hongaartje	Hongaar:n
grijziger	grijzig:a
grijzigst	grijzig:a
grijzige	grijzig:a
grijzigere	grijzig:a
grijzigste	grijzig:a
groeniger	groenig:a
groenigst	groenig:a
groenige	groenig:a
groenigere	groenig:a
groenigste	groenig:a
slobkousen	slobkous:n
slobkousje	slobkous:n
schuifel	schuifelen:v
schuifelde	schuifelen:v
schuifelt	schuifelen:v
schuifelden	schuifelen:v
schuifelend	schuifelen:v
geschuifeld	schuifelen:v
plechtiger	plechtig:a
plechtigst	plechtig:a
plechtige	plechtig:a
plechtigere	plechtig:a
plechtigste	plechtig:a
statiger	statig:a
statigst	statig:a
statige	statig:a
statigere	statig:a
statigste	statig:a
laconieker	laconiek:a
laconiekst	laconiek:a
laconieke	laconiek:a
laconiekere	laconiek:a
laconiekste	laconiek:a
doodkalme	doodkalm:a
blikke	blikken:v
toonkunsten	toonkunst:n
deskundiger	deskundig:a
deskundigst	deskundig:a
deskundigere	deskundig:a
deskundigste	deskundig:a
rokeer	rokeren:v
rokeerde	rokeren:v
rokeert	rokeren:v
rokeerden	rokeren:v
rokerend	rokeren:v
gerokeerd	rokeren:v
achterdekken	achterdek:n
achterdekje	achterdek:n
toonkunstenaars	toonkunstenaar:n
toonkunstenaartje	toonkunstenaar:n
tokkele	tokkelen:v
kwinten	kwint:n
kwintje	kwint:n
vioolbouwers	vioolbouwer:n
altviolisten	altviolist:n
altviolistje	altviolist:n
verblijd	verblijden:v
verblijdde	verblijden:v
verblijdt	verblijden:v
verblijdden	verblijden:v
verblijdend	verblijden:v
zwaardvissen	zwaardvis:n
zwaardvisje	zwaardvis:n
vundiger	vundig:a
vundigst	vundig:a
vundige	vundig:a
vundigere	vundig:a
vundigste	vundig:a
etalages	etalage:n
etalagetje	etalage:n
mysterietje	mysterie:n
dreuntje	dreun:n
weifel	weifelen:v
weifelde	weifelen:v
weifelt	weifelen:v
weifelden	weifelen:v
weifelend	weifelen:v
geweifeld	weifelen:v
werpmessen	werpmes:n
werpmesje	werpmes:n
kordater	kordaat:a
kordaatst	kordaat:a
kordate	kordaat:a
kordatere	kordaat:a
kordaatste	kordaat:a
spookachtiger	spookachtig:a
spookachtigst	spookachtig:a
spookachtige	spookachtig:a
spookachtigere	spookachtig:a
spookachtigste	spookachtig:a
versomber	versomberen:v
versomberde	versomberen:v
versombert	versomberen:v
versomberden	versomberen:v
versomberend	versomberen:v
versomberd	versomberen:v
exoplaneten	exoplaneet:n
exoplaneetje	exoplaneet:n
binnenplaneten	binnenplaneet:n
binnenplaneetje	binnenplaneet:n
certificaten	certificaat:n
certificaatje	certificaat:n
buitenplaneten	buitenplaneet:n
buitenplaneetje	buitenplaneet:n
resoluties	resolutie:n
resolutietje	resolutie:n
postduiven	postduif:n
postduifje	postduif:n
hartkamers	hartkamer:n
hartkamertje	hartkamer:n
ventrikels	ventrikel:n
ventrikelen	ventrikel:n
ventrikeltje	ventrikel:n
noemers	noemer:n
noemertje	noemer:n
kookvissen	kookvis:n
kookvisje	kookvis:n
zoetwatervissen	zoetwatervis:n
zoetwatervisje	zoetwatervis:n
puberteiten	puberteit:n
puberteitje	puberteit:n
gesels	gesel:n
geselen	gesel:n
gesel	geselen:v
onpartijdiger	onpartijdig:a
onpartijdigst	onpartijdig:a
onpartijdige	onpartijdig:a
onpartijdigere	onpartijdig:a
onpartijdigste	onpartijdig:a
roodborstlijsters	roodborstlijster:n
roodborstlijstertje	roodborstlijster:n
vaatwassers	vaatwasser:n
vaatwassertje	vaatwasser:n
klankkasten	klankkast:n
klankkastje	klankkast:n
vingerde	vingeren:v
vingert	vingeren:v
vingerden	vingeren:v
vingerend	vingeren:v
gevingerd	vingeren:v
bespeel	bespelen:v
bespeelde	bespelen:v
bespeelt	bespelen:v
bespeelden	bespelen:v
bespelend	bespelen:v
bespeeld	bespelen:v
weerbarstiger	weerbarstig:a
weerbarstigst	weerbarstig:a
weerbarstige	weerbarstig:a
weerbarstigere	weerbarstig:a
weerbarstigste	weerbarstig:a
jariger	jarig:a
jarigst	jarig:a
jarigere	jarig:a
jarigste	jarig:a
vlinderde	vlinderen:v
vlindert	vlinderen:v
vlinderden	vlinderen:v
vlinderend	vlinderen:v
gevlinderd	vlinderen:v
vlindermachines	vlindermachine:n
bigendere	bigender:a
bigenders	bigender:n
bloemenveilingen	bloemenveiling:n
bloemenveilinkje	bloemenveiling:n
peervormiger	peervormig:a
peervormigst	peervormig:a
peervormige	peervormig:a
peervormigere	peervormig:a
peervormigste	peervormig:a
strijke	strijken:v
ezelsbruggetje	ezelsbrug:n
aapjes	aapje:n
vervaardige	vervaardigen:v
massiever	massief:a
massiefst	massief:a
massieve	massief:a
massievere	massief:a
massiefste	massief:a
massieven	massief:n
massiefje	massief:n
gebrekkiger	gebrekkig:a
gebrekkigst	gebrekkig:a
gebrekkige	gebrekkig:a
gebrekkigere	gebrekkig:a
gebrekkigste	gebrekkig:a
beïnvloede	beïnvloeden:v
ontstem	ontstemmen:v
ontstemde	ontstemmen:v
ontstemt	ontstemmen:v
ontstemden	ontstemmen:v
ontstemmend	ontstemmen:v
ontstemd	ontstemmen:v
verzacht	verzachten:v
verzachtte	verzachten:v
verzachtten	verzachten:v
verzachtend	verzachten:v
melodieuzer	melodieus:a
melodieust	melodieus:a
melodieuze	melodieus:a
melodieuzere	melodieus:a
melodieuste	melodieus:a
dempers	demper:n
dempertje	demper:n
krullen	krul:n
krulletje	krul:n
kinstukken	kinstuk:n
kinstukje	kinstuk:n
bespelers	bespeler:n
bespelertje	bespeler:n
staartstukken	staartstuk:n
staartstukje	staartstuk:n
fijnstemmers	fijnstemmer:n
fijnstemmertje	fijnstemmer:n
galm	galmen:v
galmde	galmen:v
galmt	galmen:v
galmden	galmen:v
galmend	galmen:v
gegalmd	galmen:v
galmen	galm:n
klankgaten	klankgat:n
klankgaatje	klankgat:n
stemknoppen	stemknop:n
stemknopje	stemknop:n
ontrafel	ontrafelen:v
ontrafelde	ontrafelen:v
ontrafelt	ontrafelen:v
ontrafelden	ontrafelen:v
ontrafelend	ontrafelen:v
ontrafeld	ontrafelen:v
velgen	velg:n
velgje	velg:n
plakkaten	plakkaat:n
plakkaatje	plakkaat:n
zuidwestelijker	zuidwestelijk:a
zuidwestelijkst	zuidwestelijk:a
zuidwestelijke	zuidwestelijk:a
zuidwestelijkere	zuidwestelijk:a
zuidwestelijkste	zuidwestelijk:a
vooraanstaander	vooraanstaand:a
vooraanstaandst	vooraanstaand:a
vooraanstaande	vooraanstaand:a
vooraanstaandere	vooraanstaand:a
vooraanstaandste	vooraanstaand:a
debieten	debiet:n
voege	voegen:v|voeg:n
omzoom	omzomen:v
omzoomde	omzomen:v
omzoomt	omzomen:v
omzoomden	omzomen:v
omzomend	omzomen:v
omgezoomd	omzomen:v
omzoomd	omzomen:v
wijnhellingen	wijnhelling:n
wijnhellinkje	wijnhelling:n
brijen	brij:n
brijtje	brij:n
charmetje	charme:n
draaiorgels	draaiorgel:n
draaiorgeltje	draaiorgel:n
rept	reppen:v
reppend	reppen:v
gerept	reppen:v
waziger	wazig:a
wazigst	wazig:a
wazige	wazig:a
wazigere	wazig:a
wazigste	wazig:a
diefstallen	diefstal:n
diefstalletje	diefstal:n
jaloerser	jaloers:a
jaloerst	jaloers:a
jaloerse	jaloers:a
jaloersere	jaloers:a
jaloerste	jaloers:a
blog	bloggen:v
blogde	bloggen:v
blogt	bloggen:v
blogden	bloggen:v
bloggend	bloggen:v
geblogd	bloggen:v
dormitoria	dormitorium:n
dormitoriums	dormitorium:n
dormitoriumpje	dormitorium:n
dijbenen	dijbeen:n
dijbeentje	dijbeen:n
lijtje	lij:n
bewustelozer	bewusteloos:a
bewusteloost	bewusteloos:a
bewusteloze	bewusteloos:a
bewustelozere	bewusteloos:a
bewustelooste	bewusteloos:a
hypofysen	hypofyse:n
hypofyses	hypofyse:n
hypofysetje	hypofyse:n
verzoekschriften	verzoekschrift:n
verzoekschriftje	verzoekschrift:n
zuidoostelijker	zuidoostelijk:a
zuidoostelijkst	zuidoostelijk:a
zuidoostelijke	zuidoostelijk:a
zuidoostelijkere	zuidoostelijk:a
zuidoostelijkste	zuidoostelijk:a
spelle	spellen:v
historici	historicus:n
historicusje	historicus:n
geschiedkundigen	geschiedkundige:n
suggereer	suggereren:v
suggereerde	suggereren:v
suggereert	suggereren:v
suggereerden	suggereren:v
suggererend	suggereren:v
gesuggereerd	suggereren:v
aftakkingen	aftakking:n
aftakkinkje	aftakking:n
telexberichten	telexbericht:n
telexberichtje	telexbericht:n
ambassadrices	ambassadrice:n
ambassadricetje	ambassadrice:n
verzot	verzotten:v
verzotter	verzot:a
verzotst	verzot:a
verzotte	verzot:a|verzotten:v
verzottere	verzot:a
verzotste	verzot:a
blossen	blos:n
blosje	blos:n
doorslagen	doorslag:n
doorslagje	doorslag:n
doorslaggevender	doorslaggevend:a
doorslaggevendst	doorslaggevend:a
doorslaggevende	doorslaggevend:a
doorslaggevendere	doorslaggevend:a
doorslaggevendste	doorslaggevend:a
ontmaskere	ontmaskeren:v
maskeer	maskeren:v
maskeerde	maskeren:v
maskeert	maskeren:v
maskeerden	maskeren:v
maskerend	maskeren:v
gemaskeerd	maskeren:v
beletsels	beletsel:n
beletselen	beletsel:n
verpletter	verpletteren:v
verpletterde	verpletteren:v
verplettert	verpletteren:v
verpletterden	verpletteren:v
verpletterend	verpletteren:v
verpletterd	verpletteren:v
mokerslagen	mokerslag:n
mokerslagje	mokerslag:n
miniaturen	miniatuur:n
miniatuurtje	miniatuur:n
tafelbladen	tafelblad:n
tafelblaadje	tafelblad:n
siste	sissen:v
sisten	sissen:v
sissend	sissen:v
gesist	sissen:v
secties	sectie:n
sectiën	sectie:n
sectietje	sectie:n
uitwerkingen	uitwerking:n
uitwerk	uitwerken:v
uitwerkte	uitwerken:v
uitwerkt	uitwerken:v
uitwerkten	uitwerken:v
uitwerkend	uitwerken:v
uitgewerkt	uitwerken:v
vinniger	vinnig:a
vinnigst	vinnig:a
vinnige	vinnig:a
vinnigere	vinnig:a
vinnigste	vinnig:a
bolronder	bolrond:a
bolrondst	bolrond:a
bolronde	bolrond:a
bolrondere	bolrond:a
bolrondste	bolrond:a
borsteliger	borstelig:a
borsteligst	borstelig:a
borstelige	borstelig:a
borsteligere	borstelig:a
borsteligste	borstelig:a
rukje	ruk:n
rukst	ruk:a
ebbenhouten	ebbenhout:n
frêler	frêle:a
frêlest	frêle:a
frêlere	frêle:a
frêleste	frêle:a
trommelremmen	trommelrem:n
trommelremmetje	trommelrem:n
devoter	devoot:a
devootst	devoot:a
devotere	devoot:a
devootste	devoot:a
helers	heler:n
helertje	heler:n
keurde	keuren:v
keurt	keuren:v
keurden	keuren:v
keurend	keuren:v
gekeurd	keuren:v
vaandrigs	vaandrig:n
vaandrigje	vaandrig:n
overbied	overbieden:v
overbood	overbieden:v
overbiedt	overbieden:v
overboden	overbieden:v
overbiedend	overbieden:v
overgeboden	overbieden:v
explosies	explosie:n
explosietje	explosie:n
benadere	benaderen:v
razender	razend:a
razendst	razend:a
razende	razend:a
razendere	razend:a
razendste	razend:a
razend	razen:v
razendsneller	razendsnel:a
razendsnelst	razendsnel:a
razendsnelle	razendsnel:a
razendsnellere	razendsnel:a
razendsnelste	razendsnel:a
neme	nemen:v
onderneme	ondernemen:v
arrestaties	arrestatie:n
arrestatietje	arrestatie:n
uitnemender	uitnemend:a
uitnemendst	uitnemend:a
uitnemende	uitnemend:a
uitnemendere	uitnemend:a
uitnemendste	uitnemend:a
intimideer	intimideren:v
intimideerde	intimideren:v
intimideert	intimideren:v
intimideerden	intimideren:v
intimiderend	intimideren:v
geïntimideerd	intimideren:v
lapt	lappen:v
lapten	lappen:v
lappend	lappen:v
gelapt	lappen:v
uitzendbureaus	uitzendbureau:n
uitzendbureautje	uitzendbureau:n
knipoog	knipogen:v
knipoogde	knipogen:v
knipoogt	knipogen:v
knipoogden	knipogen:v
knipogend	knipogen:v
geknipoogd	knipogen:v
knipogen	knipoog:n
kasteleins	kastelein:n
kasteleintje	kastelein:n
verslik	verslikken:v
verslikte	verslikken:v
verslikt	verslikken:v
verslikten	verslikken:v
verslikkend	verslikken:v
miezeriger	miezerig:a
miezerigst	miezerig:a
miezerige	miezerig:a
miezerigere	miezerig:a
miezerigste	miezerig:a
biologen	bioloog:n
bioloogje	bioloog:n
spelfouten	spelfout:n
spelfoutje	spelfout:n
opknap	opknappen:v
opknapte	opknappen:v
opknapt	opknappen:v
opknapten	opknappen:v
opknappend	opknappen:v
opgeknapt	opknappen:v
basilieken	basiliek:n
basiliekje	basiliek:n
barokker	barok:a
barokst	barok:a
barokke	barok:a
barokkere	barok:a
barokste	barok:a
kruisige	kruisigen:v
bedevaartsoorden	bedevaartsoord:n
bedevaartsoordje	bedevaartsoord:n
doorvoer	doorvoeren:v|doorvaren:v
doorvoerde	doorvoeren:v
doorvoert	doorvoeren:v
doorvoerden	doorvoeren:v
doorvoerend	doorvoeren:v
doorgevoerd	doorvoeren:v
metsel	metselen:v
metselde	metselen:v
metselt	metselen:v
metselden	metselen:v
metselend	metselen:v
gemetseld	metselen:v
tutjes	tutje:n
pedofielen	pedofiel:n
pedofieltje	pedofiel:n
pedofieler	pedofiel:a
pedofielst	pedofiel:a
pedofiele	pedofiel:a
pedofielere	pedofiel:a
pedofielste	pedofiel:a
pedoseksuelen	pedoseksueel:n
pedoseksueeltje	pedoseksueel:n
meetlatten	meetlat:n
meetlatje	meetlat:n
hydrostatische	hydrostatisch:a
zoome	zoomen:v
wartels	wartel:n
warteltje	wartel:n
meemaak	meemaken:v
meemaakte	meemaken:v
meemaakt	meemaken:v
meemaakten	meemaken:v
meemakend	meemaken:v
meegemaakt	meemaken:v
slagaders	slagader:n
slagadertje	slagader:n
geluidstapes	geluidstape:n
geluidstapeje	geluidstape:n
kennismakingen	kennismaking:n
kennismakinkje	kennismaking:n
fetisjistischer	fetisjistisch:a
fetisjistischt	fetisjistisch:a
fetisjistische	fetisjistisch:a
fetisjistischere	fetisjistisch:a
fetisjistischte	fetisjistisch:a
prae	pre:n
versnellingspoken	versnellingspook:n
versnellingspookje	versnellingspook:n
beraden	beraad:n
beraadje	beraad:n
beraad	beraden:v
brandewijnen	brandewijn:n
brandewijntje	brandewijn:n
blafje	blaf:n
instructeurs	instructeur:n
instructeurtje	instructeur:n
vuurbollen	vuurbol:n
vuurbolletje	vuurbol:n
vuurbolen	vuurbol:n
kapoenen	kapoen:n
kapoentje	kapoen:n
scheepswerven	scheepswerf:n
scheepswerfje	scheepswerf:n
horrorfilms	horrorfilm:n
horrorfilmpje	horrorfilm:n
keurmerken	keurmerk:n
keurmerkje	keurmerk:n
basketbal	basketballen:v
basketbalde	basketballen:v
basketbalt	basketballen:v
basketbalden	basketballen:v
basketballend	basketballen:v
gebasketbald	basketballen:v
koekjes	koekje:n
versteen	verstenen:v
versteende	verstenen:v
versteent	verstenen:v
versteenden	verstenen:v
verstenend	verstenen:v
versteend	verstenen:v
verkwik	verkwikken:v
verkwikte	verkwikken:v
verkwikt	verkwikken:v
verkwikten	verkwikken:v
verkwikkend	verkwikken:v
droeviger	droevig:a
droevigst	droevig:a
droevige	droevig:a
droevigere	droevig:a
droevigste	droevig:a
verstar	verstarren:v
verstarde	verstarren:v
verstart	verstarren:v
verstarden	verstarren:v
verstarrend	verstarren:v
verstard	verstarren:v
narriger	narrig:a
narrigst	narrig:a
narrige	narrig:a
narrigere	narrig:a
narrigste	narrig:a
uitrek	uitrekken:v
uitrekte	uitrekken:v
uitrekt	uitrekken:v
uitrekten	uitrekken:v
uitrekkend	uitrekken:v
uitgerekt	uitrekken:v
cadansen	cadans:n
cadansje	cadans:n
stutten	stut:n
stutje	stut:n
stut	stutten:v
verheug	verheugen:v
verheugde	verheugen:v
verheugt	verheugen:v
verheugden	verheugen:v
verheugend	verheugen:v
geaffecteerder	geaffecteerd:a
geaffecteerdst	geaffecteerd:a
geaffecteerde	geaffecteerd:a
geaffecteerdere	geaffecteerd:a
geaffecteerdste	geaffecteerd:a
klutste	klutsen:v
klutst	klutsen:v
klutsten	klutsen:v
klutsend	klutsen:v
geklutst	klutsen:v
hussel	husselen:v
husselde	husselen:v
husselt	husselen:v
husselden	husselen:v
husselend	husselen:v
gehusseld	husselen:v
ervarene	ervaren:a
telefoongidsen	telefoongids:n
telefoongidsje	telefoongids:n
telefoonboeken	telefoonboek:n
telefoonboekje	telefoonboek:n
onuitwisbaarder	onuitwisbaar:a
onuitwisbaarst	onuitwisbaar:a
onuitwisbare	onuitwisbaar:a
onuitwisbaardere	onuitwisbaar:a
onuitwisbaarste	onuitwisbaar:a
psychotherapieën	psychotherapie:n
discontinuïteiten	discontinuïteit:n
grenslagen	grenslaag:n
grenslaagje	grenslaag:n
uitsluitsels	uitsluitsel:n
eindiger	eindig:a
eindigst	eindig:a
eindige	eindig:a|eindigen:v
eindigere	eindig:a
eindigste	eindig:a
staatsmannen	staatsman:n
staatslieden	staatsman:n
staatslui	staatsman:n
staatsmannetje	staatsman:n
hexagonale	hexagonaal:a
zonnecellen	zonnecel:n
zonnecelletje	zonnecel:n
oversteken	oversteek:n
oversteekje	oversteek:n
proclameer	proclameren:v
proclameerde	proclameren:v
proclameert	proclameren:v
proclameerden	proclameren:v
proclamerend	proclameren:v
geproclameerd	proclameren:v
toernooien	toernooi:n
toernooitje	toernooi:n
lederen	leren:a
modernistische	modernistisch:a
realiseer	realiseren:v
realiseerde	realiseren:v
realiseert	realiseren:v
realiseerden	realiseren:v
realiserend	realiseren:v
gerealiseerd	realiseren:v
staatsburgers	staatsburger:n
staatsburgertje	staatsburger:n
geestelijken	geestelijke:n
raamwerken	raamwerk:n
raamwerkje	raamwerk:n
terugbreng	terugbrengen:v
terugbracht	terugbrengen:v
terugbrengt	terugbrengen:v
terugbrachten	terugbrengen:v
terugbrengend	terugbrengen:v
teruggebracht	terugbrengen:v
relativeer	relativeren:v
relativeerde	relativeren:v
relativeert	relativeren:v
relativeerden	relativeren:v
relativerend	relativeren:v
gerelativeerd	relativeren:v
tuinbroeken	tuinbroek:n
tuinbroekje	tuinbroek:n
ecosystemen	ecosysteem:n
ecosysteempje	ecosysteem:n
traliede	traliën:v
traliet	traliën:v
tralieden	traliën:v
traliënd	traliën:v
getralied	traliën:v
getraliede	getralied:a
stiefvaders	stiefvader:n
stiefvadertje	stiefvader:n
wersten	werst:n
werstje	werst:n
doelbewuster	doelbewust:a
doelbewustst	doelbewust:a
doelbewuste	doelbewust:a
doelbewustere	doelbewust:a
doelbewustste	doelbewust:a
speelschulden	speelschuld:n
speelschuldje	speelschuld:n
wreveliger	wrevelig:a
wreveligst	wrevelig:a
wrevelige	wrevelig:a
wreveligere	wrevelig:a
wreveligste	wrevelig:a
wrevels	wrevel:n
wreveltje	wrevel:n
soepeler	soepel:a
soepelst	soepel:a
soepele	soepel:a
soepelere	soepel:a
soepelste	soepel:a
wip	wippen:v
wipte	wippen:v
wipt	wippen:v
wipten	wippen:v
wippend	wippen:v
gewipt	wippen:v
wippen	wip:n
wipje	wip:n
definitiever	definitief:a
definitiefst	definitief:a
definitieve	definitief:a
definitievere	definitief:a
definitiefste	definitief:a
betalingstermijnen	betalingstermijn:n
sleutelbaarden	sleutelbaard:n
sleutelbaardje	sleutelbaard:n
morrel	morrelen:v
morrelde	morrelen:v
morrelt	morrelen:v
morrelden	morrelen:v
morrelend	morrelen:v
gemorreld	morrelen:v
omzichtiger	omzichtig:a
omzichtigst	omzichtig:a
omzichtige	omzichtig:a
omzichtigere	omzichtig:a
omzichtigste	omzichtig:a
onbeschrijfelijker	onbeschrijfelijk:a
onbeschrijfelijkst	onbeschrijfelijk:a
onbeschrijfelijke	onbeschrijfelijk:a
onbeschrijfelijkere	onbeschrijfelijk:a
onbeschrijfelijkste	onbeschrijfelijk:a
wanordes	wanorde:n
espagnoletsluiting	spanjoletsluiting:n
spanjoletsluitingen	spanjoletsluiting:n
spanjoletsluitinkje	spanjoletsluiting:n
goudblonder	goudblond:a
goudblondst	goudblond:a
goudblonde	goudblond:a
goudblondere	goudblond:a
goudblondste	goudblond:a
ontworstel	ontworstelen:v
ontworstelde	ontworstelen:v
ontworstelt	ontworstelen:v
ontworstelden	ontworstelen:v
ontworstelend	ontworstelen:v
ontworsteld	ontworstelen:v
stunteliger	stuntelig:a
stunteligst	stuntelig:a
stuntelige	stuntelig:a
stunteligere	stuntelig:a
stunteligste	stuntelig:a
indicativi	indicativus:n
indicativussen	indicativus:n
indicativusje	indicativus:n
droefheden	droefheid:n
strijdvaardiger	strijdvaardig:a
strijdvaardigst	strijdvaardig:a
strijdvaardige	strijdvaardig:a
strijdvaardigere	strijdvaardig:a
strijdvaardigste	strijdvaardig:a
minzamer	minzaam:a
minzaamst	minzaam:a
minzame	minzaam:a
minzamere	minzaam:a
minzaamste	minzaam:a
boomstammen	boomstam:n
boomstammetje	boomstam:n
kinderverhalen	kinderverhaal:n
kinderverhaaltje	kinderverhaal:n
schrijverschappen	schrijverschap:n
wereldberoemde	wereldberoemd:a
pompoenen	pompoen:n
pompoentje	pompoen:n
pompoen	pompon:n
weerwolven	weerwolf:n
weerwolfje	weerwolf:n
kostuums	kostuum:n
kostuumpje	kostuum:n
zuurzakken	zuurzak:n
zuurzakje	zuurzak:n
puitebloter	puitebloot:a
puiteblootst	puitebloot:a
puiteblote	puitebloot:a
puiteblotere	puitebloot:a
puiteblootste	puitebloot:a
halfnaakter	halfnaakt:a
halfnaaktst	halfnaakt:a
halfnaakte	halfnaakt:a
halfnaaktere	halfnaakt:a
halfnaaktste	halfnaakt:a
naaktloperijen	naaktloperij:n
naaktloperijtje	naaktloperij:n
naaktstranden	naaktstrand:n
naaktstrandje	naaktstrand:n
waakzamer	waakzaam:a
waakzaamst	waakzaam:a
waakzame	waakzaam:a
waakzamere	waakzaam:a
waakzaamste	waakzaam:a
pijnbanken	pijnbank:n
pijnbankje	pijnbank:n
geselde	geselen:v
geselt	geselen:v
geselden	geselen:v
geselend	geselen:v
gegeseld	geselen:v
folter	folteren:v
folterde	folteren:v
foltert	folteren:v
folterden	folteren:v
folterend	folteren:v
gefolterd	folteren:v
beerputten	beerput:n
beerputje	beerput:n
minnaars	minnaar:n
minnaren	minnaar:n
minnaartje	minnaar:n
berouwvoller	berouwvol:a
berouwvolst	berouwvol:a
berouwvolle	berouwvol:a
berouwvollere	berouwvol:a
berouwvolste	berouwvol:a
opgetogener	opgetogen:a
opgetogenst	opgetogen:a
opgetogenste	opgetogen:a
zandstranden	zandstrand:n
zandstrandje	zandstrand:n
gedachtenissen	gedachtenis:n
gedachtenisje	gedachtenis:n
interieurs	interieur:n
interieurtje	interieur:n
lijnrijderijen	lijnrijderij:n
lijnrijderijtje	lijnrijderij:n
19de	negentiende:a
kunsthandelaars	kunsthandelaar:n
kunsthandelaartje	kunsthandelaar:n
kunsthandels	kunsthandel:n
kunsthandeltje	kunsthandel:n
kostgangers	kostganger:n
kostgangertje	kostganger:n
verlove	verloven:v
aanrandingen	aanranding:n
rabarbers	rabarber:n
rabarbertje	rabarber:n
rechtspraken	rechtspraak:n
plaatsvervangers	plaatsvervanger:n
plaatsvervangertje	plaatsvervanger:n
symbolisere	symboliseren:v
inbezitnemingen	inbezitneming:n
hoogmissen	hoogmis:n
hoogmisje	hoogmis:n
pontificaler	pontificaal:a
pontificaalst	pontificaal:a
pontificalere	pontificaal:a
pontificaalste	pontificaal:a
aartsbisschoppen	aartsbisschop:n
aartsbisschopje	aartsbisschop:n
tertsen	terts:n
tertsje	terts:n
vissersringen	vissersring:n
bisschopsringen	bisschopsring:n
bisschopsringetje	bisschopsring:n
verzegel	verzegelen:v
verzegelde	verzegelen:v
verzegelt	verzegelen:v
verzegelden	verzegelen:v
verzegelend	verzegelen:v
verzegeld	verzegelen:v
meldes	melde:n
melde	melden:v
privébrieven	privébrief:n
privébriefje	privébrief:n
pauselijker	pauselijk:a
pauselijkst	pauselijk:a
pauselijke	pauselijk:a
pauselijkere	pauselijk:a
pauselijkste	pauselijk:a
schuive	schuiven:v
beeltenissen	beeltenis:n
beeltenisje	beeltenis:n
commerçanten	commerçant:n
verbrijzel	verbrijzelen:v
verbrijzelde	verbrijzelen:v
verbrijzelt	verbrijzelen:v
verbrijzelden	verbrijzelen:v
verbrijzelend	verbrijzelen:v
verbrijzeld	verbrijzelen:v
antedateer	antedateren:v
antedateerde	antedateren:v
antedateert	antedateren:v
antedateerden	antedateren:v
antedaterend	antedateren:v
geantedateerd	antedateren:v
vervalse	vervalsen:v
plaatsbekleders	plaatsbekleder:n
aanvaarde	aanvaarden:v
conclaven	conclaaf:n
conclaafje	conclaaf:n
grendels	grendel:n
grendeltje	grendel:n
grendel	grendelen:v
verwijdere	verwijderen:v
gerechtigden	gerechtigde:n
stemplichtige	stemplichtig:a
heraldieken	heraldiek:n
heraldiekje	heraldiek:n
zwaarwegender	zwaarwegend:a
zwaarwegendst	zwaarwegend:a
zwaarwegende	zwaarwegend:a
zwaarwegendere	zwaarwegend:a
zwaarwegendste	zwaarwegend:a
beoordelingen	beoordeling:n
beoordelinkje	beoordeling:n
wasgelegenheden	wasgelegenheid:n
wasgelegenheidje	wasgelegenheid:n
gastenverblijven	gastenverblijf:n
gastenverblijfje	gastenverblijf:n
eidetischer	eidetisch:a
eidetischt	eidetisch:a
eidetische	eidetisch:a
eidetischere	eidetisch:a
eidetischte	eidetisch:a
prikkel	prikkelen:v
prikkelde	prikkelen:v
prikkelt	prikkelen:v
prikkelden	prikkelen:v
prikkelend	prikkelen:v
geprikkeld	prikkelen:v
helderderziend	helderziend:a
helderstziend	helderziend:a
helderderziender	helderziend:a
helderderziendere	helderziend:a
helderziendste	helderziend:a
monsterde	monsteren:v
monstert	monsteren:v
monsterden	monsteren:v
monsterend	monsteren:v
gemonsterd	monsteren:v
poefen	poef:n
poefs	poef:n
poefje	poef:n
morrend	morren:v
gemord	morren:v
kombuizen	kombuis:n
kombuisje	kombuis:n
geintje	gein:n
soortgelijker	soortgelijk:a
soortgelijkst	soortgelijk:a
soortgelijke	soortgelijk:a
soortgelijkere	soortgelijk:a
soortgelijkste	soortgelijk:a
verontschuldig	verontschuldigen:v
verontschuldigde	verontschuldigen:v
verontschuldigt	verontschuldigen:v
verontschuldigden	verontschuldigen:v
verontschuldigend	verontschuldigen:v
verontschuldigd	verontschuldigen:v
tierde	tieren:v
tiert	tieren:v
tierden	tieren:v
tierend	tieren:v
getierd	tieren:v
betaam	betamen:v
betaamde	betamen:v
betaamt	betamen:v
betaamden	betamen:v
betamend	betamen:v
betaamd	betamen:v
wegval	wegvallen:v
wegviel	wegvallen:v
wegvalt	wegvallen:v
wegvielen	wegvallen:v
wegvallend	wegvallen:v
weggevallen	wegvallen:v
neuro's	neuro:n
neurootje	neuro:n
coreopsissen	coreopsis:n
zoölogen	zoöloog:n
zoöloogje	zoöloog:n
episcopaler	episcopaal:a
episcopaalst	episcopaal:a
episcopale	episcopaal:a
episcopalere	episcopaal:a
episcopaalste	episcopaal:a
verslind	verslinden:v
verslond	verslinden:v
verslindt	verslinden:v
verslonden	verslinden:v
verslindend	verslinden:v
kenne	kennen:v
grossiers	grossier:n
grossiertje	grossier:n
sardien	sardine:n
kommunisme	communisme:n
volhard	volharden:v
volhardde	volharden:v
volhardt	volharden:v
volhardden	volharden:v
volhardend	volharden:v
verkas	verkassen:v
beduid	beduiden:v|bedied:n
beduidde	beduiden:v
beduidt	beduiden:v
beduidden	beduiden:v
kurassen	kuras:n
kurasje	kuras:n
sjagerijnig	sacherijnig:a
gesticuleer	gesticuleren:v
gesticuleerde	gesticuleren:v
gesticuleert	gesticuleren:v
gesticuleerden	gesticuleren:v
gesticulerend	gesticuleren:v
gegesticuleerd	gesticuleren:v
pisnijdiger	pisnijdig:a
pisnijdigst	pisnijdig:a
pisnijdige	pisnijdig:a
pisnijdigere	pisnijdig:a
pisnijdigste	pisnijdig:a
olijfkleuriger	olijfkleurig:a
olijfkleurigst	olijfkleurig:a
olijfkleurige	olijfkleurig:a
olijfkleurigere	olijfkleurig:a
olijfkleurigste	olijfkleurig:a
angstiger	angstig:a
angstigst	angstig:a
angstige	angstig:a
angstigere	angstig:a
angstigste	angstig:a
stommeriken	stommerik:n
stommerikje	stommerik:n
hersenkronkels	hersenkronkel:n
hersenkronkelen	hersenkronkel:n
hersenkronkeltje	hersenkronkel:n
geneugten	geneugte:n
geneugtes	geneugte:n
superplies	superplie:n
superplietje	superplie:n
bedroef	bedroeven:v
bedroeft	bedroeven:v
bedroefden	bedroeven:v
bedroevend	bedroeven:v
snuiters	snuiter:n
snuitertje	snuiter:n
piekfijner	piekfijn:a
piekfijnst	piekfijn:a
piekfijne	piekfijn:a
piekfijnere	piekfijn:a
piekfijnste	piekfijn:a
uitadem	uitademen:v
uitademde	uitademen:v
uitademt	uitademen:v
uitademden	uitademen:v
uitademend	uitademen:v
uitgeademd	uitademen:v
dofst	dof:a
doffe	dof:a
doffere	dof:a
dofste	dof:a
doffen	dof:n
dofje	dof:n
behaaglijker	behaaglijk:a
behaaglijkst	behaaglijk:a
behaaglijke	behaaglijk:a
behaaglijkere	behaaglijk:a
behaaglijkste	behaaglijk:a
tintelingen	tinteling:n
tintelingetje	tinteling:n
spijbel	spijbelen:v
spijbelde	spijbelen:v
spijbelt	spijbelen:v
spijbelden	spijbelen:v
spijbelend	spijbelen:v
gespijbeld	spijbelen:v
tieners	tiener:n
tienertje	tiener:n
meewariger	meewarig:a
meewarigst	meewarig:a
meewarige	meewarig:a
meewarigere	meewarig:a
meewarigste	meewarig:a
prettiger	prettig:a
prettigst	prettig:a
prettige	prettig:a
prettigere	prettig:a
prettigste	prettig:a
inzichten	inzicht:n
inzichtje	inzicht:n
geëmotioneerder	geëmotioneerd:a
geëmotioneerdst	geëmotioneerd:a
geëmotioneerde	geëmotioneerd:a
geëmotioneerdere	geëmotioneerd:a
geëmotioneerdste	geëmotioneerd:a
geëmotioneerd	emotioneren:v
aanrechten	aanrecht:n
aanrechtje	aanrecht:n
aanrecht	aanrechten:v
aanrechtte	aanrechten:v
aanrechtten	aanrechten:v
aanrechtend	aanrechten:v
aangerecht	aanrechten:v
hoogstandje	hoogstand:n
bugru	boegroe:n
Chilenen	Chileen:n
frontons	fronton:n
frontonnetje	fronton:n
vileiner	vilein:a
vileinst	vilein:a
vileine	vilein:a
vileinere	vilein:a
vileinste	vilein:a
vileinen	vilein:n
biologeer	biologeren:v
biologeerde	biologeren:v
biologeert	biologeren:v
biologeerden	biologeren:v
biologerend	biologeren:v
gebiologeerd	biologeren:v
etaleer	etaleren:v
etaleerde	etaleren:v
etaleert	etaleren:v
etaleerden	etaleren:v
etalerend	etaleren:v
geëtaleerd	etaleren:v
stilletje	stille:n
percelen	perceel:n
perceeltje	perceel:n
meidoorns	meidoorn:n
meidoorntje	meidoorn:n
kentekenplaten	kentekenplaat:n
kentekenplaatje	kentekenplaat:n
kentekens	kenteken:n
kentekenen	kenteken:n
kentekentje	kenteken:n
wegvaag	wegvagen:v
wegvaagde	wegvagen:v
wegvaagt	wegvagen:v
wegvaagden	wegvagen:v
wegvagend	wegvagen:v
weggevaagd	wegvagen:v
specialiseer	specialiseren:v
specialiseerde	specialiseren:v
specialiseert	specialiseren:v
specialiseerden	specialiseren:v
specialiserend	specialiseren:v
gespecialiseerd	specialiseren:v
aardbodems	aardbodem:n
aardbodempje	aardbodem:n
grijnsje	grijns:n
heibels	heibel:n
heibeltje	heibel:n
ongeoorloofder	ongeoorloofd:a
ongeoorloofdst	ongeoorloofd:a
ongeoorloofde	ongeoorloofd:a
ongeoorloofdere	ongeoorloofd:a
ongeoorloofdste	ongeoorloofd:a
onthutster	onthutst:a
onthutstst	onthutst:a
onthutste	onthutst:a|onthutsen:v
onthutstere	onthutst:a
onthutstste	onthutst:a
onthutst	onthutsen:v
bekritiseer	bekritiseren:v
bekritiseerde	bekritiseren:v
bekritiseert	bekritiseren:v
bekritiseerden	bekritiseren:v
bekritiserend	bekritiseren:v
bekritiseerd	bekritiseren:v
dompteurs	dompteur:n
dompteurtje	dompteur:n
kofferbakken	kofferbak:n
kofferbakje	kofferbak:n
hondenriemen	hondenriem:n
hondenriempje	hondenriem:n
genotes	genote:n
genote	genieten:v
plaatsgenoten	plaatsgenoot:n
plaatsgenootje	plaatsgenoot:n
plaatsgenote	plaatsgenoot:n
radijzen	radijs:n
radijsje	radijs:n
snak	snakken:v
bedieningen	bediening:n
bedieninkje	bediening:n
ingreepje	ingreep:n
zenuwartsen	zenuwarts:n
zenuwartsje	zenuwarts:n
besnijdenissen	besnijdenis:n
halsslagaders	halsslagader:n
halsslagadertje	halsslagader:n
verzuim	verzuimen:v
verzuimde	verzuimen:v
verzuimt	verzuimen:v
verzuimden	verzuimen:v
verzuimend	verzuimen:v
verzuimd	verzuimen:v
vouwtje	vouw:n
lofwaardiger	lofwaardig:a
lofwaardigst	lofwaardig:a
lofwaardige	lofwaardig:a
lofwaardigere	lofwaardig:a
lofwaardigste	lofwaardig:a
Atlantische	Atlantisch:a
veranker	verankeren:v
verankerde	verankeren:v
verankert	verankeren:v
verankerden	verankeren:v
verankerend	verankeren:v
verankerd	verankeren:v
overzeese	overzees:a
gelijknamige	gelijknamig:a
verwantschappen	verwantschap:n
beschouwe	beschouwen:v
kolonisaties	kolonisatie:n
afzaag	afzagen:v
afzaagde	afzagen:v
afzaagt	afzagen:v
afzaagden	afzagen:v
afzagend	afzagen:v
afgezaagd	afzagen:v
teruggaves	teruggave:n
buitenbanden	buitenband:n
buitenbandje	buitenband:n
toezeggingen	toezegging:n
toezegginkje	toezegging:n
verhuize	verhuizen:v
sociëteiten	sociëteit:n
sociëteitje	sociëteit:n
belanghebbender	belanghebbend:a
belanghebbendst	belanghebbend:a
belanghebbende	belanghebbend:a
belanghebbendere	belanghebbend:a
belanghebbendste	belanghebbend:a
belanghebbenden	belanghebbende:n
koloniseer	koloniseren:v
koloniseerde	koloniseren:v
koloniseert	koloniseren:v
koloniseerden	koloniseren:v
koloniserend	koloniseren:v
gekoloniseerd	koloniseren:v
afkoop	afkopen:v
afkocht	afkopen:v
afkoopt	afkopen:v
afkochten	afkopen:v
afkopend	afkopen:v
afgekocht	afkopen:v
verkrijge	verkrijgen:v
slavinnen	slavin:n
slavinnetje	slavin:n
aoristi	aoristus:n
intochten	intocht:n
intochtje	intocht:n
godver	godverdomme:i
legerleiders	legerleider:n
legerleidertje	legerleider:n
regenvallen	regenval:n
regenvalletje	regenval:n
omgangen	omgang:n
omgangetje	omgang:n
galerijen	galerij:n
galerijtje	galerij:n
onfatsoenlijker	onfatsoenlijk:a
onfatsoenlijkst	onfatsoenlijk:a
onfatsoenlijke	onfatsoenlijk:a
onfatsoenlijkere	onfatsoenlijk:a
onfatsoenlijkste	onfatsoenlijk:a
doordacht	doordenken:v
naadlozer	naadloos:a
naadloost	naadloos:a
naadloze	naadloos:a
naadlozere	naadloos:a
naadlooste	naadloos:a
onstuimiger	onstuimig:a
onstuimigst	onstuimig:a
onstuimige	onstuimig:a
onstuimigere	onstuimig:a
onstuimigste	onstuimig:a
zoutwatervissen	zoutwatervis:n
zoutwatervisje	zoutwatervis:n
omikrons	omikron:n
omikronnetje	omikron:n
meelwormen	meelworm:n
meelwormpje	meelworm:n
lintwormen	lintworm:n
lintwormpje	lintworm:n
behoed	behoeden:v
behoedde	behoeden:v
behoedt	behoeden:v
behoedden	behoeden:v
behoedend	behoeden:v
bakvissen	bakvis:n
bakvisje	bakvis:n
suspensoirs	suspensoir:n
jachtte	jachten:v
jachtten	jachten:v
jachtend	jachten:v
gejacht	jachten:v
verniel	vernielen:v
vernielde	vernielen:v
vernielt	vernielen:v
vernielden	vernielen:v
vernielend	vernielen:v
vernield	vernielen:v
versper	versperren:v
versperde	versperren:v
verspert	versperren:v
versperden	versperren:v
versperrend	versperren:v
versperd	versperren:v
boksers	bokser:n
sympathisanten	sympathisant:n
sympathisantje	sympathisant:n
operacomponisten	operacomponist:n
operacomponistje	operacomponist:n
afbuig	afbuigen:v
afboog	afbuigen:v
afbuigt	afbuigen:v
afbogen	afbuigen:v
afbuigend	afbuigen:v
afgebogen	afbuigen:v
Zwitsersen	Zwitserse:n
werklozen	werkloze:n
vaarwegen	vaarweg:n
vaarwegje	vaarweg:n
vaarweggetje	vaarweg:n
velds	veld:n
walnoten	walnoot:n
walnootje	walnoot:n
strubbelingen	strubbeling:n
strubbelingetje	strubbeling:n
verachtelijker	verachtelijk:a
verachtelijkst	verachtelijk:a
verachtelijke	verachtelijk:a
verachtelijkere	verachtelijk:a
verachtelijkste	verachtelijk:a
strubbelingtje	strubbeling:n
toelopen	toeloop:n
toeloopje	toeloop:n
toeloop	toelopen:v
toeliep	toelopen:v
toeloopt	toelopen:v
toeliepen	toelopen:v
toelopend	toelopen:v
toegelopen	toelopen:v
voorsta	voorstaan:v
voorstond	voorstaan:v
voorstaat	voorstaan:v
voorstonden	voorstaan:v
voorstaand	voorstaan:v
voorgestaan	voorstaan:v
schemeriger	schemerig:a
schemerigst	schemerig:a
schemerige	schemerig:a
schemerigere	schemerig:a
schemerigste	schemerig:a
intiemer	intiem:a
intiemst	intiem:a
intieme	intiem:a
intiemere	intiem:a
intiemste	intiem:a
twijfelachtiger	twijfelachtig:a
twijfelachtigst	twijfelachtig:a
twijfelachtige	twijfelachtig:a
twijfelachtigere	twijfelachtig:a
twijfelachtigste	twijfelachtig:a
echtbrekers	echtbreker:n
echtbrekertje	echtbreker:n
parafasieën	parafasie:n
parafasietje	parafasie:n
retweets	retweet:n
retweetje	retweet:n
ijsbrekers	ijsbreker:n
ijsbrekertje	ijsbreker:n
bapao's	bapao:n
bapaotje	bapao:n
bename	benemen:v
gadingen	gading:n
gadinkje	gading:n
aborteer	aborteren:v
aborteerde	aborteren:v
aborteert	aborteren:v
aborteerden	aborteren:v
aborterend	aborteren:v
geaborteerd	aborteren:v
kofferschrijfmachines	kofferschrijfmachine:n
kofferschrijfmachientje	kofferschrijfmachine:n
meetbaarder	meetbaar:a
meetbaarst	meetbaar:a
meetbare	meetbaar:a
meetbaardere	meetbaar:a
meetbaarste	meetbaar:a
ouvreuses	ouvreuse:n
ouvreusetje	ouvreuse:n
vervormingen	vervorming:n
vervorminkje	vervorming:n
uitgroeisels	uitgroeisel:n
uitgroeiseltje	uitgroeisel:n
oriëntaties	oriëntatie:n
georiënteerdheden	georiënteerdheid:n
samenhangetje	samenhang:n
graas	grazen:v
graasde	grazen:v
graast	grazen:v
graasden	grazen:v
grazend	grazen:v
gegraasd	grazen:v
noties	notie:n
notietje	notie:n
homotopische	homotopisch:a
fundamenteler	fundamenteel:a
fundamenteelst	fundamenteel:a
fundamentele	fundamenteel:a
fundamentelere	fundamenteel:a
fundamenteelste	fundamenteel:a
samenhangendheden	samenhangendheid:n
compactheden	compactheid:n
algebraïscher	algebraïsch:a
algebraïscht	algebraïsch:a
algebraïsche	algebraïsch:a
algebraïschere	algebraïsch:a
algebraïschte	algebraïsch:a
inverteerbare	inverteerbaar:a
bijectieve	bijectief:a
kruinen	kruin:n
kruintje	kruin:n
variëteiten	variëteit:n
variëteitje	variëteit:n
coördinaten	coördinaat:n
coördinaatje	coördinaat:n
kruiwagens	kruiwagen:n
kruiwagentje	kruiwagen:n
nift	nicht:n
plasmiden	plasmide:n
filou's	filou:n
toebehoor	toebehoren:v
toebehoorde	toebehoren:v
toebehoort	toebehoren:v
toebehoorden	toebehoren:v
toebehorend	toebehoren:v
toebehoord	toebehoren:v
boegsprieten	boegspriet:n
boegsprietje	boegspriet:n
onsamenhangender	onsamenhangend:a
onsamenhangendst	onsamenhangend:a
onsamenhangende	onsamenhangend:a
onsamenhangendere	onsamenhangend:a
onsamenhangendste	onsamenhangend:a
afkondig	afkondigen:v
afkondigde	afkondigen:v
afkondigt	afkondigen:v
afkondigden	afkondigen:v
afkondigend	afkondigen:v
afgekondigd	afkondigen:v
Filipijnser	Filipijns:a
Filipijnst	Filipijns:a
Filipijnse	Filipijns:a
nachtclubs	nachtclub:n
nachtclubje	nachtclub:n
portaaltje	portaal:n
pakhuizen	pakhuis:n
pakhuisje	pakhuis:n
cabaretiers	cabaretier:n
cabaretiertje	cabaretier:n
gelagen	gelag:n
tennisspelers	tennisspeler:n
tennisspelertje	tennisspeler:n
magneetvelden	magneetveld:n
magneetveldje	magneetveld:n
sacraaler	sacraal:a
sacraalst	sacraal:a
sacraale	sacraal:a
sacraalere	sacraal:a
sacraalste	sacraal:a
behoedzamer	behoedzaam:a
behoedzaamst	behoedzaam:a
behoedzame	behoedzaam:a
behoedzamere	behoedzaam:a
behoedzaamste	behoedzaam:a
verrukkingen	verrukking:n
verrukkinkje	verrukking:n
groefje	groef:n
autocratieën	autocratie:n
autocratietje	autocratie:n
groevetje	groeve:n
groeve	graven:v|groeven:v
steengroeven	steengroeve:n
steengroevetje	steengroeve:n
groefde	groeven:v
groeft	groeven:v|graven:v
groefden	groeven:v
groevend	groeven:v
gegroefd	groeven:v
slokken	slok:n
slokje	slok:n
slok	slokken:v
slokte	slokken:v
slokt	slokken:v
slokten	slokken:v
slokkend	slokken:v
geslokt	slokken:v
geografen	geograaf:n
geograafje	geograaf:n
gulziger	gulzig:a
gulzigst	gulzig:a
gulzige	gulzig:a
gulzigere	gulzig:a
gulzigste	gulzig:a
toosten	toost:n
toostje	toost:n
toost	toosten:v
toostte	toosten:v
toostten	toosten:v
toostend	toosten:v
getoost	toosten:v
toostjes	toostje:n
gruwelijkheden	gruwelijkheid:n
machtelozer	machteloos:a
machteloost	machteloos:a
machteloze	machteloos:a
machtelozere	machteloos:a
machtelooste	machteloos:a
frustreer	frustreren:v
frustreerde	frustreren:v
frustreert	frustreren:v
frustreerden	frustreren:v
frustrerend	frustreren:v
gefrustreerd	frustreren:v
meeval	meevallen:v
meeviel	meevallen:v
meevalt	meevallen:v
meevielen	meevallen:v
meevallend	meevallen:v
meegevallen	meevallen:v
joliger	jolig:a
joligst	jolig:a
jolige	jolig:a
joligere	jolig:a
joligste	jolig:a
welwillendheden	welwillendheid:n
vakkundiger	vakkundig:a
vakkundigst	vakkundig:a
vakkundige	vakkundig:a
vakkundigere	vakkundig:a
vakkundigste	vakkundig:a
terugval	terugvallen:v
terugviel	terugvallen:v
terugvalt	terugvallen:v
terugvielen	terugvallen:v
terugvallend	terugvallen:v
teruggevallen	terugvallen:v
terugvallen	terugval:n
terugvalletje	terugval:n
recessies	recessie:n
recessietje	recessie:n
knetter	knettergek:a|knetteren:v
atmosferischer	atmosferisch:a
atmosferischt	atmosferisch:a
atmosferische	atmosferisch:a
atmosferischere	atmosferisch:a
atmosferischte	atmosferisch:a
gradenbogen	gradenboog:n
gradenboogje	gradenboog:n
gebbetjes	gebbetje:n
betrap	betrappen:v
betrapte	betrappen:v
betrapt	betrappen:v
betrapten	betrappen:v
betrappend	betrappen:v
peesde	pezen:v
peest	pezen:v
peesden	pezen:v
pezend	pezen:v
gepeesd	pezen:v
verbaas	verbazen:v
verbaast	verbazen:v
verbaasden	verbazen:v
verbazend	verbazen:v
minkukels	minkukel:n
minkukeltje	minkukel:n
porde	porren:v
porden	porren:v
porrend	porren:v
gepord	porren:v
topografische	topografisch:a
koolrabi's	koolrabi:n
koolrabietje	koolrabi:n
kerstballen	kerstbal:n
kerstballetje	kerstbal:n
kwijte	kwijt:a|kwijten:v
broodwinningen	broodwinning:n
broodwinninkje	broodwinning:n
broodwinners	broodwinner:n
broodwinnertje	broodwinner:n
behendiger	behendig:a
behendigst	behendig:a
behendige	behendig:a
behendigere	behendig:a
behendigste	behendig:a
schamperder	schamper:a
schamperst	schamper:a
schampere	schamper:a
schamperdere	schamper:a
schamperste	schamper:a
deftiger	deftig:a
deftigst	deftig:a
deftige	deftig:a
deftigere	deftig:a
deftigste	deftig:a
smeekbeden	smeekbede:n
smeekbedes	smeekbede:n
zaklantaarns	zaklantaarn:n
zaklantaarntje	zaklantaarn:n
walmen	walm:n
walmpje	walm:n
walm	walmen:v
walmde	walmen:v
walmt	walmen:v
walmden	walmen:v
walmend	walmen:v
gewalmd	walmen:v
stijlen	stijl:n
stijltje	stijl:n
smaakvoller	smaakvol:a
smaakvolst	smaakvol:a
smaakvolle	smaakvol:a
smaakvollere	smaakvol:a
smaakvolste	smaakvol:a
meubileer	meubileren:v
meubileerde	meubileren:v
meubileert	meubileren:v
meubileerden	meubileren:v
meubilerend	meubileren:v
gemeubileerd	meubileren:v
schuimkragen	schuimkraag:n
schuimkraagje	schuimkraag:n
impulsje	impuls:n
achthoekiger	achthoekig:a
achthoekigst	achthoekig:a
achthoekige	achthoekig:a
achthoekigere	achthoekig:a
achthoekigste	achthoekig:a
overledenen	overledene:n
schouten	schout:n
schoutje	schout:n
emigreer	emigreren:v
emigreerde	emigreren:v
emigreert	emigreren:v
emigreerden	emigreren:v
emigrerend	emigreren:v
geëmigreerd	emigreren:v
greeploze	greeploos:a
emmert	emmeren:v
emmerden	emmeren:v
emmerend	emmeren:v
geëmmerd	emmeren:v
ambtseden	ambtseed:n
benadeel	benadelen:v
benadeelde	benadelen:v
benadeelt	benadelen:v
benadeelden	benadelen:v
benadelend	benadelen:v
benadeeld	benadelen:v
frituurpannen	frituurpan:n
frituurpannetje	frituurpan:n
jubel	jubelen:v
jubelde	jubelen:v
jubelt	jubelen:v
jubelden	jubelen:v
jubelend	jubelen:v
gejubeld	jubelen:v
afzeg	afzeggen:v
afzei	afzeggen:v
afzegde	afzeggen:v
afzegt	afzeggen:v
afzeiden	afzeggen:v
afzegden	afzeggen:v
afzeggend	afzeggen:v
afgezegd	afzeggen:v
zakelijker	zakelijk:a
zakelijkst	zakelijk:a
zakelijke	zakelijk:a
zakelijkere	zakelijk:a
zakelijkste	zakelijk:a
hydraten	hydraat:n
pathologen	patholoog:n
patholoogje	patholoog:n
dubbelsterren	dubbelster:n
dubbelsterretje	dubbelster:n
voorbeeldiger	voorbeeldig:a
voorbeeldigst	voorbeeldig:a
voorbeeldige	voorbeeldig:a
voorbeeldigere	voorbeeldig:a
voorbeeldigste	voorbeeldig:a
stiefouders	stiefouder:n
stiefoudertje	stiefouder:n
foutiever	foutief:a
foutiefst	foutief:a
foutieve	foutief:a
foutievere	foutief:a
foutiefste	foutief:a
onjuister	onjuist:a
onjuistst	onjuist:a
onjuiste	onjuist:a
onjuistere	onjuist:a
onjuistste	onjuist:a
polsslagaders	polsslagader:n
polsslagadertje	polsslagader:n
spaakbeenslagaders	spaakbeenslagader:n
spaakbeenslagadertje	spaakbeenslagader:n
secretaires	secretaire:n
secretairetje	secretaire:n
tuitten	tuiten:v
tuitend	tuiten:v
getuit	tuiten:v
gillend	gillen:v
gegild	gillen:v
kwieker	kwiek:a
kwiekst	kwiek:a
kwieke	kwiek:a
kwiekere	kwiek:a
kwiekste	kwiek:a
verbreek	verbreken:v
verbrak	verbreken:v
verbreekt	verbreken:v
verbraken	verbreken:v
verbrekend	verbreken:v
verbroken	verbreken:v
sproeten	sproet:n
sproetje	sproet:n
stompkaarsen	stompkaars:n
stompkaarsje	stompkaars:n
rododendrons	rododendron:n
rododendronnetje	rododendron:n
afleer	afleren:v
afleerde	afleren:v
afleert	afleren:v
afleerden	afleren:v
aflerend	afleren:v
afgeleerd	afleren:v
boute	boud:a|bouten:v
grasmodderpaarden	grasmodderpaard:n
grasmodderpaardje	grasmodderpaard:n
hematomen	hematoom:n
hematoompje	hematoom:n
bloeduitstortingen	bloeduitstorting:n
bloeduitstortinkje	bloeduitstorting:n
paalsteken	paalsteek:n
paalsteekje	paalsteek:n
geprononceerder	geprononceerd:a
geprononceerdst	geprononceerd:a
geprononceerde	geprononceerd:a
geprononceerdere	geprononceerd:a
geprononceerdste	geprononceerd:a
geprononceerd	prononceren:v
prononceer	prononceren:v
prononceerde	prononceren:v
prononceert	prononceren:v
prononceerden	prononceren:v
prononcerend	prononceren:v
peuterde	peuteren:v
peutert	peuteren:v
peuterden	peuteren:v
peuterend	peuteren:v
gepeuterd	peuteren:v
friemel	friemelen:v
friemelde	friemelen:v
friemelt	friemelen:v
friemelden	friemelen:v
friemelend	friemelen:v
gefriemeld	friemelen:v
frunnik	frunniken:v
frunnikte	frunniken:v
frunnikt	frunniken:v
frunnikten	frunniken:v
frunnikend	frunniken:v
gefrunnikt	frunniken:v
plausibeler	plausibel:a
plausibelst	plausibel:a
plausibele	plausibel:a
plausibelere	plausibel:a
plausibelste	plausibel:a
traine	trainen:v
geneigder	geneigd:a
geneigdst	geneigd:a
geneigde	geneigd:a
geneigdere	geneigd:a
geneigdste	geneigd:a
participia	participium:n
bezweeter	bezweet:a
bezweetst	bezweet:a
bezweete	bezweet:a
bezweetere	bezweet:a
bezweetste	bezweet:a
massavernietigingswapens	massavernietigingswapen:n
massavernietigingswapentje	massavernietigingswapen:n
Vietnameser	Vietnamees:a
Vietnameest	Vietnamees:a
Vietnamesere	Vietnamees:a
Vietnameeste	Vietnamees:a
Vietnamezen	Vietnamees:n
Vietnameesje	Vietnamees:n
Aroemeenser	Aroemeens:a
Aroemeenst	Aroemeens:a
Aroemeense	Aroemeens:a
Aroemeensere	Aroemeens:a
Aroemeenste	Aroemeens:a
Surinaamser	Surinaams:a
Surinaamst	Surinaams:a
Surinaamse	Surinaams:a
Surinaamsere	Surinaams:a
Surinaamste	Surinaams:a
Vandaalse	Vandaals:a
Luxemburgser	Luxemburgs:a
Luxemburgst	Luxemburgs:a
Luxemburgse	Luxemburgs:a
Luxemburgsere	Luxemburgs:a
Luxemburgste	Luxemburgs:a
Schotser	Schots:a
Schotst	Schots:a
Schotse	Schots:a
Schotsere	Schots:a
Schotste	Schots:a
Aramese	Aramees:a
Ingrischer	Ingrisch:a
Ingrischt	Ingrisch:a
Ingrische	Ingrisch:a
Ingrischere	Ingrisch:a
Ingrischte	Ingrisch:a
Fenicische	Fenicisch:a
Dacische	Dacisch:a
Frygische	Frygisch:a
Hawaïaanser	Hawaïaans:a
Hawaïaanst	Hawaïaans:a
Hawaïaanse	Hawaïaans:a
Hawaïaansere	Hawaïaans:a
Hawaïaanste	Hawaïaans:a
Oudgriekse	Oudgrieks:a
Oudnederlandse	Oudnederlands:a
teleurgestelder	teleurgesteld:a
teleurgesteldst	teleurgesteld:a
teleurgestelde	teleurgesteld:a
teleurgesteldere	teleurgesteld:a
teleurgesteldste	teleurgesteld:a
fosforescere	fosforesceren:v
vlokken	vlok:n
vlokje	vlok:n
kanttekeningen	kanttekening:n
kanttekeningetje	kanttekening:n
genereuzer	genereus:a
genereust	genereus:a
genereuze	genereus:a
genereuzere	genereus:a
genereuste	genereus:a
bekeringen	bekering:n
bekerinkje	bekering:n
interrumpeer	interrumperen:v
interrumpeerde	interrumperen:v
interrumpeert	interrumperen:v
interrumpeerden	interrumperen:v
interrumperend	interrumperen:v
geïnterrumpeerd	interrumperen:v
vermors	vermorsen:v
vermorste	vermorsen:v
vermorst	vermorsen:v
vermorsten	vermorsen:v
vermorsend	vermorsen:v
bazel	bazelen:v
bazelde	bazelen:v
bazelt	bazelen:v
bazelden	bazelen:v
bazelend	bazelen:v
gebazeld	bazelen:v
onbewogener	onbewogen:a
onbewogenst	onbewogen:a
onbewogenste	onbewogen:a
biochemici	biochemicus:n
biochemicusje	biochemicus:n
diploïde	diploïd:a
signaleer	signaleren:v
signaleerde	signaleren:v
signaleert	signaleren:v
signaleerden	signaleren:v
signalerend	signaleren:v
gesignaleerd	signaleren:v
uitbarstingen	uitbarsting:n
uitbarstinkje	uitbarsting:n
uitbarst	uitbarsten:v
uitbarstte	uitbarsten:v
uitbarstten	uitbarsten:v
uitbarstend	uitbarsten:v
uitgebarst	uitbarsten:v
verdoezel	verdoezelen:v
verdoezelde	verdoezelen:v
verdoezelt	verdoezelen:v
verdoezelden	verdoezelen:v
verdoezelend	verdoezelen:v
verdoezeld	verdoezelen:v
verantwoord	verantwoorden:v
verantwoordde	verantwoorden:v
verantwoordt	verantwoorden:v
verantwoordden	verantwoorden:v
verantwoordend	verantwoorden:v
strafmaten	strafmaat:n
strafmaatje	strafmaat:n
verminkingen	verminking:n
verminkinkje	verminking:n
relde	rellen:v
relt	rellen:v
relden	rellen:v
rellend	rellen:v
gereld	rellen:v
smeltpunten	smeltpunt:n
smeltpuntje	smeltpunt:n
karmische	karmisch:a
agitaties	agitatie:n
agitatietje	agitatie:n
kraaiennesten	kraaiennest:n
kraaiennestje	kraaiennest:n
zijner	zijn:t|hij:r
ongeremder	ongeremd:a
ongeremdst	ongeremd:a
ongeremde	ongeremd:a
ongeremdere	ongeremd:a
ongeremdste	ongeremd:a
begiftig	begiftigen:v
begiftigde	begiftigen:v
begiftigt	begiftigen:v
begiftigden	begiftigen:v
begiftigend	begiftigen:v
begiftigd	begiftigen:v
boenders	boender:n
boendertje	boender:n
uitlach	uitlachen:v
uitlachte	uitlachen:v
uitlacht	uitlachen:v
uitlachten	uitlachen:v
uitlachend	uitlachen:v
uitgelachen	uitlachen:v
woordvoersters	woordvoerster:n
woordvoerstertje	woordvoerster:n
boere	boeren:v
bibberde	bibberen:v
bibbert	bibberen:v
bibberden	bibberen:v
bibberend	bibberen:v
gebibberd	bibberen:v
visarenden	visarend:n
visarendje	visarend:n
uitsmijters	uitsmijter:n
uitsmijtertje	uitsmijter:n
uitlatingen	uitlating:n
uitlatinkje	uitlating:n
rechtsplegingen	rechtspleging:n
futiliteiten	futiliteit:n
futiliteitje	futiliteit:n
afjaag	afjagen:v
afjoeg	afjagen:v
afjaagt	afjagen:v
afjoegen	afjagen:v
afjagend	afjagen:v
afgejaagd	afjagen:v
afjaagde	afjagen:v
afjaagden	afjagen:v
ouwe	oud:a
ouwen	ouwe:n
ouwetje	ouwe:n
zeilsters	zeilster:n
zeilstertje	zeilster:n
begaanbaarder	begaanbaar:a
begaanbaarst	begaanbaar:a
begaanbare	begaanbaar:a
begaanbaardere	begaanbaar:a
begaanbaarste	begaanbaar:a
jasmijnen	jasmijn:n
jasmijntje	jasmijn:n
drugsbaronnen	drugsbaron:n
drugsbarons	drugsbaron:n
drugsbaronnetje	drugsbaron:n
hersenbalken	hersenbalk:n
hersenbalkje	hersenbalk:n
fotografische	fotografisch:a
ontbreke	ontbreken:v
alpineski	alpineskiën:v
alpineskiede	alpineskiën:v
alpineskiet	alpineskiën:v
alpineskieden	alpineskiën:v
alpineskiënd	alpineskiën:v
gealpineskied	alpineskiën:v
afdalingen	afdaling:n
afdalinkje	afdaling:n
afdaal	afdalen:v
afdaalde	afdalen:v
afdaalt	afdalen:v
afdaalden	afdalen:v
afdalend	afdalen:v
afgedaald	afdalen:v
overvleugel	overvleugelen:v
overvleugelde	overvleugelen:v
overvleugelt	overvleugelen:v
overvleugelden	overvleugelen:v
overvleugelend	overvleugelen:v
overvleugeld	overvleugelen:v
prepareer	prepareren:v
prepareerde	prepareren:v
prepareert	prepareren:v
prepareerden	prepareren:v
preparerend	prepareren:v
geprepareerd	prepareren:v
lawines	lawine:n
lawinen	lawine:n
lawinetje	lawine:n
afzichtelijker	afzichtelijk:a
afzichtelijkst	afzichtelijk:a
afzichtelijke	afzichtelijk:a
afzichtelijkere	afzichtelijk:a
afzichtelijkste	afzichtelijk:a
dompel	dompelen:v
dompelde	dompelen:v
dompelt	dompelen:v
dompelden	dompelen:v
dompelend	dompelen:v
gedompeld	dompelen:v
slungels	slungel:n
slungeltje	slungel:n
slungelachtiger	slungelachtig:a
slungelachtigst	slungelachtig:a
slungelachtige	slungelachtig:a
slungelachtigere	slungelachtig:a
slungelachtigste	slungelachtig:a
onuitstaanbaarder	onuitstaanbaar:a
onuitstaanbaarst	onuitstaanbaar:a
onuitstaanbare	onuitstaanbaar:a
onuitstaanbaardere	onuitstaanbaar:a
onuitstaanbaarste	onuitstaanbaar:a
ontroer	ontroeren:v
ontroert	ontroeren:v
ontroerden	ontroeren:v
steiger	steigeren:v
steigerde	steigeren:v
steigert	steigeren:v
steigerden	steigeren:v
steigerend	steigeren:v
gesteigerd	steigeren:v
donderbussen	donderbus:n
donderbusje	donderbus:n
zuurkolen	zuurkool:n
zuurkooltje	zuurkool:n
brieste	briesen:v
briest	briesen:v
briesten	briesen:v
briesend	briesen:v
gebriest	briesen:v
zeurtje	zeur:n
uitroei	uitroeien:v
uitroeide	uitroeien:v
uitroeit	uitroeien:v
uitroeiden	uitroeien:v
uitroeiend	uitroeien:v
uitgeroeid	uitroeien:v
treurnissen	treurnis:n
treurnisje	treurnis:n
verslagenheden	verslagenheid:n
Samoaanse	Samoaans:a
versies	versie:n
versietje	versie:n
tippel	tippelen:v
tippelde	tippelen:v
tippelt	tippelen:v
tippelden	tippelen:v
tippelend	tippelen:v
getippeld	tippelen:v
verkleur	verkleuren:v
verkleurde	verkleuren:v
verkleurt	verkleuren:v
verkleurden	verkleuren:v
verkleurend	verkleuren:v
verkleurd	verkleuren:v
verkleuringen	verkleuring:n
verkleurinkje	verkleuring:n
kerstliederen	kerstlied:n
kerstliedje	kerstlied:n
pornografischer	pornografisch:a
pornografischt	pornografisch:a
pornografische	pornografisch:a
pornografischere	pornografisch:a
pornografischte	pornografisch:a
raderstoomboten	raderstoomboot:n
raderstoombootje	raderstoomboot:n
lettergrepen	lettergreep:n
lettergreepje	lettergreep:n
reputaties	reputatie:n
reputatietje	reputatie:n
huiver	huiveren:v
huiverde	huiveren:v
huivert	huiveren:v
huiverden	huiveren:v
huiverend	huiveren:v
gehuiverd	huiveren:v
bespied	bespieden:v
bespiedde	bespieden:v
bespiedt	bespieden:v
bespiedden	bespieden:v
bespiedend	bespieden:v
bespioneer	bespioneren:v
bespioneerde	bespioneren:v
bespioneert	bespioneren:v
bespioneerden	bespioneren:v
bespionerend	bespioneren:v
bespioneerd	bespioneren:v
spioneer	spioneren:v
spioneerde	spioneren:v
spioneert	spioneren:v
spioneerden	spioneren:v
spionerend	spioneren:v
gespioneerd	spioneren:v
bungelen	bengelen:v
kerstdagen	kerstdag:n
gerwen	gerw:n
nipte	nippen:v|nipt:a
nipt	nippen:v
nipten	nippen:v
nippend	nippen:v
genipt	nippen:v
homofielen	homofiel:n
homofieltje	homofiel:n
homofieler	homofiel:a
homofielst	homofiel:a
homofiele	homofiel:a
homofielere	homofiel:a
homofielste	homofiel:a
gangpaden	gangpad:n
gangpaadje	gangpad:n
verhoortje	verhoor:n
Argentijnser	Argentijns:a
Argentijnst	Argentijns:a
Argentijnse	Argentijns:a
Argentijnsere	Argentijns:a
Argentijnste	Argentijns:a
Argentijnsen	Argentijnse:n
sneeuwvallen	sneeuwval:n
sneeuwvalletje	sneeuwval:n
Tanzaniaanser	Tanzaniaans:a
Tanzaniaanst	Tanzaniaans:a
Tanzaniaanse	Tanzaniaans:a
Tanzaniaansere	Tanzaniaans:a
Tanzaniaanste	Tanzaniaans:a
dwaalsporen	dwaalspoor:n
dwaalspoortje	dwaalspoor:n
bacillen	bacil:n
bacilletje	bacil:n
spionnetjes	spionnetje:n
communiceer	communiceren:v
communiceerde	communiceren:v
communiceert	communiceren:v
communiceerden	communiceren:v
communicerend	communiceren:v
gecommuniceerd	communiceren:v
heterofieler	heterofiel:a
heterofielst	heterofiel:a
heterofiele	heterofiel:a
heterofielere	heterofiel:a
heterofielste	heterofiel:a
heterofielen	heterofiel:n
heterofieltje	heterofiel:n
heteroseksueler	heteroseksueel:a
heteroseksueelst	heteroseksueel:a
heteroseksuele	heteroseksueel:a
heteroseksuelere	heteroseksueel:a
heteroseksueelste	heteroseksueel:a
heteroseksuelen	heteroseksueel:n
heteroseksueeltje	heteroseksueel:n
overmeester	overmeesteren:v
overmeesterde	overmeesteren:v
overmeestert	overmeesteren:v
overmeesterden	overmeesteren:v
overmeesterend	overmeesteren:v
overmeesterd	overmeesteren:v
knalde	knallen:v
knalt	knallen:v
knalden	knallen:v
knallend	knallen:v
geknald	knallen:v
onbeweeglijker	onbeweeglijk:a
onbeweeglijkst	onbeweeglijk:a
onbeweeglijke	onbeweeglijk:a
onbeweeglijkere	onbeweeglijk:a
onbeweeglijkste	onbeweeglijk:a
idealiteiten	idealiteit:n
idealiteitje	idealiteit:n
Nigeriaanser	Nigeriaans:a
Nigeriaanst	Nigeriaans:a
Nigeriaanse	Nigeriaans:a
Nigeriaansere	Nigeriaans:a
Nigeriaanste	Nigeriaans:a
Nigeriaansen	Nigeriaanse:n
stiefmoeders	stiefmoeder:n
stiefmoedertje	stiefmoeder:n
stiefzoons	stiefzoon:n
stiefzonen	stiefzoon:n
stiefzoontje	stiefzoon:n
stiefdochters	stiefdochter:n
stiefdochtertje	stiefdochter:n
nahou	nahouden:v
nahoud	nahouden:v
nahield	nahouden:v
nahoudt	nahouden:v
nahielden	nahouden:v
nahoudend	nahouden:v
nagehouden	nahouden:v
scholieren	scholier:n
scholiertje	scholier:n
scholiere	scholier:n
kittelaars	kittelaar:n
kittelaartje	kittelaar:n
stiefzussen	stiefzus:n
stiefzusje	stiefzus:n
knuppels	knuppel:n
knuppeltje	knuppel:n
knuppel	knuppelen:v
grootzwaarden	grootzwaard:n
grootzwaardje	grootzwaard:n
woordsoorten	woordsoort:n
woordsoortje	woordsoort:n
onverslaanbaarder	onverslaanbaar:a
onverslaanbaarst	onverslaanbaar:a
onverslaanbare	onverslaanbaar:a
onverslaanbaardere	onverslaanbaar:a
onverslaanbaarste	onverslaanbaar:a
oliebollen	oliebol:n
oliebolletje	oliebol:n
onsmakelijker	onsmakelijk:a
onsmakelijkst	onsmakelijk:a
onsmakelijke	onsmakelijk:a
onsmakelijkere	onsmakelijk:a
onsmakelijkste	onsmakelijk:a
verteerbaarder	verteerbaar:a
verteerbaarst	verteerbaar:a
verteerbare	verteerbaar:a
verteerbaardere	verteerbaar:a
verteerbaarste	verteerbaar:a
onverteerbaarder	onverteerbaar:a
onverteerbaarst	onverteerbaar:a
onverteerbare	onverteerbaar:a
onverteerbaardere	onverteerbaar:a
onverteerbaarste	onverteerbaar:a
bokalen	bokaal:n
bokaaltje	bokaal:n
stembanden	stemband:n
stembandje	stemband:n
verzuringen	verzuring:n
gipsverbanden	gipsverband:n
gipsverbandje	gipsverband:n
kersten	kerstenen:v|kerst:n
kerstende	kerstenen:v
kerstent	kerstenen:v
kerstenden	kerstenen:v
kerstenend	kerstenen:v
gekerstend	kerstenen:v
oliede	oliën:v
oliet	oliën:v
olieden	oliën:v
oliënd	oliën:v
geolied	oliën:v
rapporteer	rapporteren:v
rapporteerde	rapporteren:v
rapporteert	rapporteren:v
rapporteerden	rapporteren:v
rapporterend	rapporteren:v
gerapporteerd	rapporteren:v
verlaag	verlagen:v
verlaagde	verlagen:v
verlaagt	verlagen:v
verlaagden	verlagen:v
verlagend	verlagen:v
verlaagd	verlagen:v
overstap	overstappen:v
overstapte	overstappen:v
overstapt	overstappen:v
overstapten	overstappen:v
overstappend	overstappen:v
overgestapt	overstappen:v
miskramen	miskraam:n
miskraampje	miskraam:n
terugblikken	terugblik:n
terugblikje	terugblik:n
biechtte	biechten:v
biechtten	biechten:v
biechtend	biechten:v
gebiecht	biechten:v
belijdenissen	belijdenis:n
belijdenisje	belijdenis:n
prille	pril:a
priller	pril:a
prilst	pril:a
leerlinge	leerling:n
struikgewassen	struikgewas:n
struikgewasje	struikgewas:n
taksen	taks:n
taksje	taks:n
oudejaarsavonden	oudejaarsavond:n
oudejaarsavondje	oudejaarsavond:n
inlanders	inlander:n
citere	citeren:v
vlaszaden	vlaszaad:n
vlaszaadje	vlaszaad:n
lijnoliën	lijnolie:n
lijnolietje	lijnolie:n
olijfoliën	olijfolie:n
spijzen	spijs:n
spijsje	spijs:n
spijsoliën	spijsolie:n
dieseloliën	dieselolie:n
gasoliën	gasolie:n
gasolietje	gasolie:n
smeeroliën	smeerolie:n
smeerolietje	smeerolie:n
motoroliën	motorolie:n
motorolies	motorolie:n
kuiven	kuif:n
kuifje	kuif:n
togen	toog:n|tijgen:v
toogje	toog:n
scheurtje	scheur:n
kinderartsen	kinderarts:n
kinderartsje	kinderarts:n
BV's	BV:n
BV'tje	BV:n
Hollandser	Hollands:a
Hollandst	Hollands:a
Hollandse	Hollands:a|Hollander:n
Hollandsere	Hollands:a
Hollandste	Hollands:a
betrouwbaarheidsintervallen	betrouwbaarheidsinterval:n
betrouwbaarheidsintervalletje	betrouwbaarheidsinterval:n
tarw	tarwe:n
vinders	vinder:n
vindertje	vinder:n
griesmelen	griesmeel:n
griesmeeltje	griesmeel:n
gentherapieën	gentherapie:n
gneisen	gneis:n
kinderlijker	kinderlijk:a
kinderlijkst	kinderlijk:a
kinderlijke	kinderlijk:a
kinderlijkere	kinderlijk:a
kinderlijkste	kinderlijk:a
kinderlijken	kinderlijk:n
kinderlijkje	kinderlijk:n
dagverblijven	dagverblijf:n
dagverblijfje	dagverblijf:n
viado	fiadu:n
kinderkamers	kinderkamer:n
kinderkamertje	kinderkamer:n
brommers	brommer:n
brommertje	brommer:n
fletser	flets:a
fletst	flets:a
fletse	flets:a
fletsere	flets:a
fletste	flets:a
buikvliesontstekingen	buikvliesontsteking:n
buikvliesontstekinkje	buikvliesontsteking:n
krabbel	krabbelen:v
krabbelde	krabbelen:v
krabbelt	krabbelen:v
krabbelden	krabbelen:v
krabbelend	krabbelen:v
gekrabbeld	krabbelen:v
dartel	dartelen:v
dartelde	dartelen:v
dartelt	dartelen:v
dartelden	dartelen:v
dartelend	dartelen:v
gedarteld	dartelen:v
lekstokken	lekstok:n
lekstokje	lekstok:n
kolonisten	kolonist:n
kolonistje	kolonist:n
stofzuig	stofzuigen:v
stofzuigde	stofzuigen:v
stofzuigt	stofzuigen:v
stofzuigden	stofzuigen:v
stofzuigend	stofzuigen:v
gestofzuigd	stofzuigen:v
geaardheden	geaardheid:n
verloeder	verloederen:v
verloederde	verloederen:v
verloedert	verloederen:v
verloederden	verloederen:v
verloederend	verloederen:v
verloederd	verloederen:v
wellevender	wellevend:a
wellevendst	wellevend:a
wellevende	wellevend:a
wellevendere	wellevend:a
wellevendste	wellevend:a
wellevendheden	wellevendheid:n
overvoller	overvol:a
overvolst	overvol:a
overvolle	overvol:a
overvollere	overvol:a
overvolste	overvol:a
schutters	schutter:n
schuttertje	schutter:n
neerslachtiger	neerslachtig:a
neerslachtigst	neerslachtig:a
neerslachtige	neerslachtig:a
neerslachtigere	neerslachtig:a
neerslachtigste	neerslachtig:a
moedeloosheden	moedeloosheid:n
veerponten	veerpont:n
veerpontje	veerpont:n
verbreed	verbreden:v
verbreedde	verbreden:v
verbreedt	verbreden:v
verbreedden	verbreden:v
verbredend	verbreden:v
toedenk	toedenken:v
toedacht	toedenken:v
toedenkt	toedenken:v
toedachten	toedenken:v
toedenkend	toedenken:v
toegedacht	toedenken:v
profeetje	profeet:n
waarzeggers	waarzegger:n
waarzeggertje	waarzegger:n
waarzeggerijen	waarzeggerij:n
wijlen	wijl:n
mengelingen	mengeling:n
mengelingetje	mengeling:n
verglij	verglijden:v
verglijd	verglijden:v
vergleed	verglijden:v
verglijdt	verglijden:v
vergleden	verglijden:v
verglijdend	verglijden:v
bedriegerijen	bedriegerij:n
bedriegerijtje	bedriegerij:n
gewaarwordingen	gewaarwording:n
gewaarwordinkje	gewaarwording:n
opbiecht	opbiechten:v
opbiechtte	opbiechten:v
opbiechtten	opbiechten:v
opbiechtend	opbiechten:v
opgebiecht	opbiechten:v
knäckebrödje	knäckebröd:n
synergieën	synergie:n
bant	bannen:v
bannend	bannen:v
gebannen	bannen:v
geband	bannen:v
vertrouwelingen	vertrouweling:n
vertrouwelingetje	vertrouweling:n
vertrouwelinge	vertrouweling:n
betrouw	betrouwen:v
betrouwde	betrouwen:v
betrouwt	betrouwen:v
betrouwden	betrouwen:v
betrouwend	betrouwen:v
betrouwd	betrouwen:v
aandien	aandienen:v
aandiende	aandienen:v
aandient	aandienen:v
aandienden	aandienen:v
aandienend	aandienen:v
aangediend	aandienen:v
huurmoordenaars	huurmoordenaar:n
huurmoordenaartje	huurmoordenaar:n
chanteer	chanteren:v
chanteerde	chanteren:v
chanteert	chanteren:v
chanteerden	chanteren:v
chanterend	chanteren:v
gechanteerd	chanteren:v
belaster	belasteren:v
belasterde	belasteren:v
belastert	belasteren:v
belasterden	belasteren:v
belasterend	belasteren:v
belasterd	belasteren:v
huldig	huldigen:v
huldigde	huldigen:v
huldigt	huldigen:v
huldigden	huldigen:v
huldigend	huldigen:v
gehuldigd	huldigen:v
fosforesceer	fosforesceren:v
fosforesceerde	fosforesceren:v
fosforesceert	fosforesceren:v
fosforesceerden	fosforesceren:v
fosforescerend	fosforesceren:v
gefosforesceerd	fosforesceren:v
neusgatje	neusgat:n
schorder	schor:a
schorre	schor:a
schordere	schor:a
schorren	schor:n
schorretje	schor:n
heesheden	heesheid:n
heur	haar:t
hoopvoller	hoopvol:a
hoopvolst	hoopvol:a
hoopvolle	hoopvol:a
hoopvollere	hoopvol:a
hoopvolste	hoopvol:a
wurmde	wurmen:v
wurmt	wurmen:v
wurmden	wurmen:v
wurmend	wurmen:v
gewurmd	wurmen:v
steigers	steiger:n
steigertje	steiger:n
bedompter	bedompt:a
bedomptst	bedompt:a
bedompte	bedompt:a
bedomptere	bedompt:a
bedomptste	bedompt:a
sluipwegen	sluipweg:n
sluipweggetje	sluipweg:n
wegsluip	wegsluipen:v
wegsloop	wegsluipen:v
wegsluipt	wegsluipen:v
wegslopen	wegsluipen:v
wegsluipend	wegsluipen:v
weggeslopen	wegsluipen:v
imperativi	imperativus:n
imperativussen	imperativus:n
imperativusje	imperativus:n
Arische	Arisch:a
jak	jakken:v
jakte	jakken:v
jakt	jakken:v
jakten	jakken:v
jakkend	jakken:v
gejakt	jakken:v
halsgevels	halsgevel:n
halsgeveltje	halsgevel:n
festoenen	festoen:n
festoentje	festoen:n
kunstiger	kunstig:a
kunstigst	kunstig:a
kunstige	kunstig:a
kunstigere	kunstig:a
kunstigste	kunstig:a
kenners	kenner:n
kennertje	kenner:n
piepte	piepen:v
piepten	piepen:v
piepend	piepen:v
gepiept	piepen:v
stijfheden	stijfheid:n
marmerde	marmeren:v
marmert	marmeren:v
marmerden	marmeren:v
marmerend	marmeren:v
gemarmerd	marmeren:v
wulpser	wulps:a
wulpst	wulps:a
wulpse	wulps:a
wulpsere	wulps:a
wulpste	wulps:a
taxussen	taxus:n
taxusje	taxus:n
lambriseringen	lambrisering:n
lambriserinkje	lambrisering:n
lambriseer	lambriseren:v
lambriseerde	lambriseren:v
lambriseert	lambriseren:v
lambriseerden	lambriseren:v
lambriserend	lambriseren:v
gelambriseerd	lambriseren:v
wenteltrappen	wenteltrap:n
wenteltrapje	wenteltrap:n
wurgstokjes	wurgstokje:n
wurg	wurgen:v
wurgde	wurgen:v
wurgt	wurgen:v
wurgden	wurgen:v
wurgend	wurgen:v
gewurgd	wurgen:v
nuchterheden	nuchterheid:n
nuchterheidje	nuchterheid:n
spatte	spatten:v
spattend	spatten:v
gespat	spatten:v
zooien	zooi:n
zooitje	zooi:n
zooi	zooien:v
zooide	zooien:v
zooit	zooien:v
zooiden	zooien:v
zooiend	zooien:v
gezooid	zooien:v
kopij	kopie:n
kopijen	kopij:n
kopijtje	kopij:n
deugdelijker	deugdelijk:a
deugdelijkst	deugdelijk:a
deugdelijke	deugdelijk:a
deugdelijkere	deugdelijk:a
deugdelijkste	deugdelijk:a
vluchtwegen	vluchtweg:n
vluchtweggetje	vluchtweg:n
doseer	doseren:v
doseerde	doseren:v
doseert	doseren:v
doseerden	doseren:v
doserend	doseren:v
gedoseerd	doseren:v
beroep	beroepen:v
beriep	beroepen:v
beroept	beroepen:v
beriepen	beroepen:v
beroepend	beroepen:v
geijkter	geijkt:a
geijktst	geijkt:a
geijkte	geijkt:a
geijktere	geijkt:a
geijktste	geijkt:a
geijkt	ijken:v
ijkte	ijken:v
ijkt	ijken:v
ijkten	ijken:v
ijkend	ijken:v
verfomfaaider	verfomfaaid:a
verfomfaaidst	verfomfaaid:a
verfomfaaide	verfomfaaid:a|verfomfaaien:v
verfomfaaidere	verfomfaaid:a
verfomfaaidste	verfomfaaid:a
verfomfaaid	verfomfaaien:v
garibaldihoeden	garibaldihoed:n
garibaldihoedje	garibaldihoed:n
laxeermiddelen	laxeermiddel:n
laxeermiddeltje	laxeermiddel:n
jichtje	jicht:n
jichtiger	jichtig:a
jichtigst	jichtig:a
jichtige	jichtig:a
jichtigere	jichtig:a
jichtigste	jichtig:a
aanstaar	aanstaren:v
aanstaarde	aanstaren:v
aanstaart	aanstaren:v
aanstaarden	aanstaren:v
aanstarend	aanstaren:v
aangestaard	aanstaren:v
intreed	intreden:v
intrad	intreden:v
intreedt	intreden:v
intraden	intreden:v
intredend	intreden:v
ingetreden	intreden:v
wijzerplaten	wijzerplaat:n
wijzerplaatje	wijzerplaat:n
glansde	glanzen:v
glanst	glanzen:v
glansden	glanzen:v
glanzend	glanzen:v
geglansd	glanzen:v
overbelast	overbelasten:v
overbelastte	overbelasten:v
overbelastten	overbelasten:v
overbelastend	overbelasten:v
geroutineerder	geroutineerd:a
geroutineerdst	geroutineerd:a
geroutineerde	geroutineerd:a
geroutineerdere	geroutineerd:a
geroutineerdste	geroutineerd:a
wolliger	wollig:a
wolligst	wollig:a
wollige	wollig:a
wolligere	wollig:a
wolligste	wollig:a
ommisbaarder	onmisbaar:a
werkloosheden	werkloosheid:n
moffen	mof:n
mofje	mof:n
nakkies	nakkie:n
immigreer	immigreren:v
immigreerde	immigreren:v
immigreert	immigreren:v
immigreerden	immigreren:v
immigrerend	immigreren:v
geïmmigreerd	immigreren:v
dweperiger	dweperig:a
dweperigst	dweperig:a
dweperige	dweperig:a
dweperigere	dweperig:a
dweperigste	dweperig:a
pubers	puber:n
pubertje	puber:n
puber	puberen:v
puberde	puberen:v
pubert	puberen:v
puberden	puberen:v
puberend	puberen:v
gepuberd	puberen:v
strooi	strooien:v
strooide	strooien:v
strooit	strooien:v
strooiden	strooien:v
strooiend	strooien:v
gestrooid	strooien:v
knaapjes	knaapje:n
voltalliger	voltallig:a
voltalligst	voltallig:a
voltallige	voltallig:a
voltalligere	voltallig:a
voltalligste	voltallig:a
botels	botel:n
botelletje	botel:n
halfbloeden	halfbloed:n
halfbloedje	halfbloed:n
kwel	kwellen:v
kwelde	kwellen:v
kwelt	kwellen:v
kwelden	kwellen:v
kwellend	kwellen:v
gekweld	kwellen:v
houdbaarder	houdbaar:a
houdbaarst	houdbaar:a
houdbare	houdbaar:a
houdbaardere	houdbaar:a
houdbaarste	houdbaar:a
verfomfaai	verfomfaaien:v
verfomfaait	verfomfaaien:v
verfomfaaiden	verfomfaaien:v
verfomfaaiend	verfomfaaien:v
morgensterren	morgenster:n
morgensterretje	morgenster:n
pufte	puffen:v
puft	puffen:v
puften	puffen:v
puffend	puffen:v
gepuft	puffen:v
vergrendel	vergrendelen:v
vergrendelde	vergrendelen:v
vergrendelt	vergrendelen:v
vergrendelden	vergrendelen:v
vergrendelend	vergrendelen:v
vergrendeld	vergrendelen:v
vacatures	vacature:n
vacaturetje	vacature:n
stichtelijker	stichtelijk:a
stichtelijkst	stichtelijk:a
stichtelijke	stichtelijk:a
stichtelijkere	stichtelijk:a
stichtelijkste	stichtelijk:a
correspondenties	correspondentie:n
vergaar	vergaren:v
vergaarde	vergaren:v
vergaart	vergaren:v
vergaarden	vergaren:v
vergarend	vergaren:v
vergaard	vergaren:v
poelen	poel:n
poeltje	poel:n
tooi	tooien:v
tooide	tooien:v
tooit	tooien:v
tooiden	tooien:v
tooiend	tooien:v
getooid	tooien:v
tooien	tooi:n
tooitje	tooi:n
flegmonen	flegmone:n
fietsers	fietser:n
fietsertje	fietser:n
rijwielen	rijwiel:n
rijwieltje	rijwiel:n
motorrijwielen	motorrijwiel:n
motorrijwieltje	motorrijwiel:n
predik	prediken:v
predikte	prediken:v
predikt	prediken:v
predikten	prediken:v
predikend	prediken:v
gepredikt	prediken:v
verdraagzaamheden	verdraagzaamheid:n
onverdraagzamer	onverdraagzaam:a
onverdraagzaamst	onverdraagzaam:a
onverdraagzame	onverdraagzaam:a
onverdraagzamere	onverdraagzaam:a
onverdraagzaamste	onverdraagzaam:a
onverdraagzaamheden	onverdraagzaamheid:n
onverdraagzaamheidje	onverdraagzaamheid:n
gevoelde	gevoelen:v
gevoelt	gevoelen:v
gevoelden	gevoelen:v
gevoelend	gevoelen:v
gevoelentje	gevoelen:n
lispel	lispelen:v
lispelde	lispelen:v
lispelt	lispelen:v
lispelden	lispelen:v
lispelend	lispelen:v
gelispeld	lispelen:v
toebijt	toebijten:v
toebeet	toebijten:v
toebeten	toebijten:v
toebijtend	toebijten:v
toegebeten	toebijten:v
zwabberde	zwabberen:v
zwabbert	zwabberen:v
zwabberden	zwabberen:v
zwabberend	zwabberen:v
gezwabberd	zwabberen:v
viespeuken	viespeuk:n
viespeukje	viespeuk:n
uitsta	uitstaan:v
uitstond	uitstaan:v
uitstaat	uitstaan:v
uitstonden	uitstaan:v
uitstaand	uitstaan:v
uitgestaan	uitstaan:v
uitstaande	uitstaand:a
ijzervreters	ijzervreter:n
ijzervretertje	ijzervreter:n
keiharde	keihard:a
doorzetters	doorzetter:n
doorzettertje	doorzetter:n
onverschrokkener	onverschrokken:a
onverschrokkenst	onverschrokken:a
onverschrokkenste	onverschrokken:a
griezeliger	griezelig:a
griezeligst	griezelig:a
griezelige	griezelig:a
griezeligere	griezelig:a
griezeligste	griezelig:a
stipter	stipt:a
stiptst	stipt:a
stipte	stipt:a
stiptere	stipt:a
stiptste	stipt:a
strafbladen	strafblad:n
strafblaadje	strafblad:n
strafbladje	strafblad:n
beledigingen	belediging:n
beledigingetje	belediging:n
smaden	smaad:n
smaad	smaden:v
smaadde	smaden:v
smaadt	smaden:v
smaadden	smaden:v
smadend	smaden:v
gesmaad	smaden:v
fysiologieën	fysiologie:n
fysiologen	fysioloog:n
fysioloogje	fysioloog:n
spiert	spieren:v
hokte	hokken:v
hokt	hokken:v
hokten	hokken:v
hokkend	hokken:v
gehokt	hokken:v
visotters	visotter:n
visottertje	visotter:n
fijngevoeliger	fijngevoelig:a
fijngevoeligst	fijngevoelig:a
fijngevoelige	fijngevoelig:a
fijngevoeligere	fijngevoelig:a
fijngevoeligste	fijngevoelig:a
tactvoller	tactvol:a
tactvolst	tactvol:a
tactvolle	tactvol:a
tactvollere	tactvol:a
tactvolste	tactvol:a
hofdames	hofdame:n
hofdametje	hofdame:n
gewaden	gewaad:n
gewaadje	gewaad:n
gewaad	waden:v
gonsde	gonzen:v
gonst	gonzen:v
gonsden	gonzen:v
gonzend	gonzen:v
gegonsd	gonzen:v
suisde	suizen:v
suist	suizen:v
suisden	suizen:v
suizend	suizen:v
gesuisd	suizen:v
stortbaden	stortbad:n
stortbadje	stortbad:n
domheden	domheid:n
domheidje	domheid:n
kwaadheden	kwaadheid:n
bemoei	bemoeien:v
bemoeide	bemoeien:v
bemoeit	bemoeien:v
bemoeiden	bemoeien:v
bemoeiend	bemoeien:v
bemoeid	bemoeien:v
leerzamer	leerzaam:a
leerzaamst	leerzaam:a
leerzame	leerzaam:a
leerzamere	leerzaam:a
leerzaamste	leerzaam:a
tussendeuren	tussendeur:n
tussendeurtje	tussendeur:n
vlijtiger	vlijtig:a
vlijtigst	vlijtig:a
vlijtige	vlijtig:a
vlijtigere	vlijtig:a
vlijtigste	vlijtig:a
verwring	verwringen:v
verwrong	verwringen:v
verwringt	verwringen:v
verwrongen	verwringen:v
verwringend	verwringen:v
verwrongener	verwrongen:a
verwrongenst	verwrongen:a
verwrongenste	verwrongen:a
wegeb	wegebben:v
wegebde	wegebben:v
wegebt	wegebben:v
wegebden	wegebben:v
wegebbend	wegebben:v
weggeëbd	wegebben:v
inlichtinkje	inlichting:n
opgewondener	opgewonden:a
opgewondenst	opgewonden:a
opgewondenste	opgewonden:a
travesties	travestie:n
meermannen	meerman:n
meermannetje	meerman:n
meerminnen	meermin:n
meerminnetje	meermin:n
sclerosen	sclerose:n
maskesvlezen	maskesvlees:n
maskesvleesje	maskesvlees:n
gezellinnen	gezellin:n
gezellinnetje	gezellin:n
vriendinen	vriendin:n
gezellinen	gezellin:n
schemeringen	schemering:n
ongeduldiger	ongeduldig:a
ongeduldigst	ongeduldig:a
ongeduldige	ongeduldig:a
ongeduldigere	ongeduldig:a
ongeduldigste	ongeduldig:a
zachtzinniger	zachtzinnig:a
zachtzinnigst	zachtzinnig:a
zachtzinnige	zachtzinnig:a
zachtzinnigere	zachtzinnig:a
zachtzinnigste	zachtzinnig:a
onwillekeuriger	onwillekeurig:a
onwillekeurigst	onwillekeurig:a
onwillekeurige	onwillekeurig:a
onwillekeurigere	onwillekeurig:a
onwillekeurigste	onwillekeurig:a
zwakheden	zwakheid:n
zwakheidje	zwakheid:n
wanen	waan:n
waantje	waan:n
waan	wanen:v
waande	wanen:v
waant	wanen:v
waanden	wanen:v
wanend	wanen:v
gewaand	wanen:v
textiele	textiel:a
textieltje	textiel:n
ergernissen	ergernis:n
ergernisje	ergernis:n
afgezanten	afgezant:n
afgezantje	afgezant:n
afzend	afzenden:v
afzond	afzenden:v
afzendt	afzenden:v
afzonden	afzenden:v
afzendend	afzenden:v
afgezonden	afzenden:v
afzenders	afzender:n
afzendertje	afzender:n
conversaties	conversatie:n
conversatietje	conversatie:n
converseer	converseren:v
converseerde	converseren:v
converseert	converseren:v
converseerden	converseren:v
converserend	converseren:v
geconverseerd	converseren:v
flapuiten	flapuit:n
flapuits	flapuit:n
flapuitje	flapuit:n
uitflap	uitflappen:v
uitflapte	uitflappen:v
uitflapt	uitflappen:v
uitflapten	uitflappen:v
uitflappend	uitflappen:v
uitgeflapt	uitflappen:v
conventioneler	conventioneel:a
conventioneelst	conventioneel:a
conventionele	conventioneel:a
conventionelere	conventioneel:a
conventioneelste	conventioneel:a
conventies	conventie:n
conventietje	conventie:n
dansvloeren	dansvloer:n
dansvloertje	dansvloer:n
afdwing	afdwingen:v
afdwong	afdwingen:v
afdwingt	afdwingen:v
afdwongen	afdwingen:v
afdwingend	afdwingen:v
afgedwongen	afdwingen:v
dwingeriger	dwingerig:a
dwingerigst	dwingerig:a
dwingerige	dwingerig:a
dwingerigere	dwingerig:a
dwingerigste	dwingerig:a
aangelegenheden	aangelegenheid:n
aangelegenheidje	aangelegenheid:n
aangelegen	aanliggen:v
overkom	overkomen:v
overkwam	overkomen:v
overkomt	overkomen:v
overkwamen	overkomen:v
overkomend	overkomen:v
overgekomen	overkomen:v
biesloken	bieslook:n
bieslookje	bieslook:n
boosaardiger	boosaardig:a
boosaardigst	boosaardig:a
boosaardige	boosaardig:a
boosaardigere	boosaardig:a
boosaardigste	boosaardig:a
boosaardigheden	boosaardigheid:n
boosaardigheidje	boosaardigheid:n
borstweringen	borstwering:n
borstwerinkje	borstwering:n
weringen	wering:n
werinkje	wering:n
minzaamheden	minzaamheid:n
chirurgijns	chirurgijn:n
chirurgijnen	chirurgijn:n
chirurgijntje	chirurgijn:n
boomhutten	boomhut:n
boomhutje	boomhut:n
leiderschappen	leiderschap:n
beslagje	beslag:n
koeriersters	koerierster:n
koerierstertje	koerierster:n
gedweeër	gedwee:a
gedweest	gedwee:a
gedweeë	gedwee:a
gedweeëre	gedwee:a
gedweeste	gedwee:a
fonkel	fonkelen:v
fonkelde	fonkelen:v
fonkelt	fonkelen:v
fonkelden	fonkelen:v
fonkelend	fonkelen:v
gefonkeld	fonkelen:v
bruusker	bruusk:a
bruuskst	bruusk:a
bruuske	bruusk:a
bruuskere	bruusk:a
bruuskste	bruusk:a
demonstratiever	demonstratief:a
demonstratiefst	demonstratief:a
demonstratieve	demonstratief:a
demonstratievere	demonstratief:a
demonstratiefste	demonstratief:a
katheters	katheter:n
kathetertje	katheter:n
wegga	weggaan:v
wegging	weggaan:v
weggaat	weggaan:v
weggingen	weggaan:v
weggaand	weggaan:v
weggegaan	weggaan:v
gerstenatten	gerstenat:n
gerstenatje	gerstenat:n
plof	ploffen:v
plofte	ploffen:v
ploft	ploffen:v
ploften	ploffen:v
ploffend	ploffen:v
geploft	ploffen:v
hartinfarcten	hartinfarct:n
hartinfarctje	hartinfarct:n
perikeltje	perikel:n
herberge	herbergen:v
beding	bedingen:v
bedong	bedingen:v
bedingt	bedingen:v
bedongen	bedingen:v
bedingend	bedingen:v
uitschrijf	uitschrijven:v
uitschreef	uitschrijven:v
uitschrijft	uitschrijven:v
uitschreven	uitschrijven:v
uitschrijvend	uitschrijven:v
uitgeschreven	uitschrijven:v
overschrijf	overschrijven:v
overschreef	overschrijven:v
overschrijft	overschrijven:v
overschreven	overschrijven:v
overschrijvend	overschrijven:v
overgeschreven	overschrijven:v
voedsters	voedster:n
voedstertje	voedster:n
wittend	witten:v
gewit	witten:v
gastarbeiders	gastarbeider:n
gastarbeidertje	gastarbeider:n
witwas	witwassen:v
witwaste	witwassen:v
witwast	witwassen:v
witwasten	witwassen:v
witwassend	witwassen:v
witgewassen	witwassen:v
schoonwas	schoonwassen:v
schoonwaste	schoonwassen:v
schoonwast	schoonwassen:v
schoonwasten	schoonwassen:v
schoonwassend	schoonwassen:v
schoongewassen	schoonwassen:v
demiurgen	demiurg:n
banenpools	banenpool:n
banenpooltje	banenpool:n
arbeidspools	arbeidspool:n
arbeidspooltje	arbeidspool:n
gegadigde	gegadigd:a
gegadigden	gegadigde:n
zwartverdiende	zwartverdiend:a
rehabiliteer	rehabiliteren:v
rehabiliteerde	rehabiliteren:v
rehabiliteert	rehabiliteren:v
rehabiliteerden	rehabiliteren:v
rehabiliterend	rehabiliteren:v
gerehabiliteerd	rehabiliteren:v
bijeenroep	bijeenroepen:v
bijeenriep	bijeenroepen:v
bijeenroept	bijeenroepen:v
bijeenriepen	bijeenroepen:v
bijeenroepend	bijeenroepen:v
bijeengeroepen	bijeenroepen:v
samenroep	samenroepen:v
samenriep	samenroepen:v
samenroept	samenroepen:v
samenriepen	samenroepen:v
samenroepend	samenroepen:v
samengeroepen	samenroepen:v
vrijpleit	vrijpleiten:v
vrijpleitte	vrijpleiten:v
vrijpleitten	vrijpleiten:v
vrijpleitend	vrijpleiten:v
vrijgepleit	vrijpleiten:v
weesgegroetjes	weesgegroetje:n
zakkenrollerijen	zakkenrollerij:n
zakkenrollerijtje	zakkenrollerij:n
uitdenk	uitdenken:v
uitdacht	uitdenken:v
uitdenkt	uitdenken:v
uitdachten	uitdenken:v
uitdenkend	uitdenken:v
uitgedacht	uitdenken:v
tiere	tieren:v
arteriogrammen	arteriogram:n
beters	beter:a
zwemen	zweem:n
zweempje	zweem:n
zorgzamer	zorgzaam:a
zorgzaamst	zorgzaam:a
zorgzame	zorgzaam:a
zorgzamere	zorgzaam:a
zorgzaamste	zorgzaam:a
verwissel	verwisselen:v
verwisselde	verwisselen:v
verwisselt	verwisselen:v
verwisselden	verwisselen:v
verwisselend	verwisselen:v
verwisseld	verwisselen:v
bewusteloosheden	bewusteloosheid:n
Turkmeenser	Turkmeens:a
Turkmeenst	Turkmeens:a
Turkmeense	Turkmeens:a
Turkmeensere	Turkmeens:a
Turkmeenste	Turkmeens:a
Turkmenen	Turkmeen:n
bezuinigingen	bezuiniging:n
beknibbel	beknibbelen:v
beknibbelde	beknibbelen:v
beknibbelt	beknibbelen:v
beknibbelden	beknibbelen:v
beknibbelend	beknibbelen:v
beknibbeld	beknibbelen:v
kleingeestiger	kleingeestig:a
kleingeestigst	kleingeestig:a
kleingeestige	kleingeestig:a
kleingeestigere	kleingeestig:a
kleingeestigste	kleingeestig:a
capriolen	capriool:n
capriooltje	capriool:n
maagzweren	maagzweer:n
maagzweertje	maagzweer:n
foeter	foeteren:v
foeterde	foeteren:v
foetert	foeteren:v
foeterden	foeteren:v
foeterend	foeteren:v
gefoeterd	foeteren:v
opschiet	opschieten:v
opschoot	opschieten:v
opschoten	opschieten:v
opschietend	opschieten:v
opgeschoten	opschieten:v
pyknische	pyknisch:a
pycnisch	pyknisch:a
kleins	klein:a
grootser	groots:a
grootse	groots:a
grootsere	groots:a
groots	groot:a
raars	raar:a
bezorgds	bezorgd:a
bedrevens	bedreven:a
huidigs	huidig:a
houthakkers	houthakker:n
houthakkertje	houthakker:n
flauwten	flauwte:n
flauwtes	flauwte:n
flauwtetje	flauwte:n
haastiger	haastig:a
haastigst	haastig:a
haastige	haastig:a
haastigere	haastig:a
haastigste	haastig:a
jachtiger	jachtig:a
jachtigst	jachtig:a
jachtige	jachtig:a
jachtigere	jachtig:a
jachtigste	jachtig:a
schielijker	schielijk:a
schielijkst	schielijk:a
schielijke	schielijk:a
schielijkere	schielijk:a
schielijkste	schielijk:a
gecontroleerder	gecontroleerd:a
gecontroleerdst	gecontroleerd:a
gecontroleerde	gecontroleerd:a
gecontroleerdere	gecontroleerd:a
gecontroleerdste	gecontroleerd:a
ongecontroleerder	ongecontroleerd:a
ongecontroleerdst	ongecontroleerd:a
ongecontroleerde	ongecontroleerd:a
ongecontroleerdere	ongecontroleerd:a
ongecontroleerdste	ongecontroleerd:a
draagstoelen	draagstoel:n
draagstoeltje	draagstoel:n
draagstoeltjes	draagstoeltje:n
stilsta	stilstaan:v
stilstond	stilstaan:v
stilstaat	stilstaan:v
stilstonden	stilstaan:v
stilstaand	stilstaan:v
stilgestaan	stilstaan:v
aanstaanden	aanstaande:n
afdroog	afdrogen:v
afdroogde	afdrogen:v
afdroogt	afdrogen:v
afdroogden	afdrogen:v
afdrogend	afdrogen:v
afgedroogd	afdrogen:v
muilde	muilen:v
muilt	muilen:v
muilden	muilen:v
muilend	muilen:v
gemuild	muilen:v
afwasmiddelen	afwasmiddel:n
afwasmiddeltje	afwasmiddel:n
autowegen	autoweg:n
autoweggetje	autoweg:n
bankbediendes	bankbediende:n
bankbedienden	bankbediende:n
bankstellen	bankstel:n
bankstelletje	bankstel:n
bustehouders	bustehouder:n
bustehoudertje	bustehouder:n
beha	bh:n
broodbelegsels	broodbelegsel:n
beviel	bevallen:v
bevalt	bevallen:v
bevielen	bevallen:v
bevallend	bevallen:v
biljetten	biljet:n
biljetje	biljet:n
binnenkom	binnenkomen:v
binnenkwam	binnenkomen:v
binnenkomt	binnenkomen:v
binnenkwamen	binnenkomen:v
binnenkomend	binnenkomen:v
binnengekomen	binnenkomen:v
bofte	boffen:v
boft	boffen:v
boften	boffen:v
boffend	boffen:v
geboft	boffen:v
borrels	borrel:n
borreltje	borrel:n
bovenzijden	bovenzijde:n
braafst	braaf:a
brave	braaf:a
bravere	braaf:a
braafste	braaf:a
brievenbussen	brievenbus:n
brievenbusje	brievenbus:n
sleepwagens	sleepwagen:n
sleepwagentje	sleepwagen:n
installaties	installatie:n
installatietje	installatie:n
hefinstallaties	hefinstallatie:n
hefinstallatietje	hefinstallatie:n
hemelhoge	hemelhoog:a
wenken	wenk:n
wenkje	wenk:n
wenk	wenken:v
wenkte	wenken:v
wenkt	wenken:v
wenkten	wenken:v
wenkend	wenken:v
gewenkt	wenken:v
opzoek	opzoeken:v
opzocht	opzoeken:v
opzoekt	opzoeken:v
opzochten	opzoeken:v
opzoekend	opzoeken:v
opgezocht	opzoeken:v
duidelijkheden	duidelijkheid:n
ruwheden	ruwheid:n
ruwheidje	ruwheid:n
middelvingers	middelvinger:n
middelvingertje	middelvinger:n
opposities	oppositie:n
oppositietje	oppositie:n
bevlek	bevlekken:v
bevlekte	bevlekken:v
bevlekt	bevlekken:v
bevlekten	bevlekken:v
bevlekkend	bevlekken:v
wambuizen	wambuis:n
wambuisje	wambuis:n
verkrachtingen	verkrachting:n
verkrachtingetje	verkrachting:n
verkrachtinkje	verkrachting:n
aktetassen	aktetas:n
aktetasje	aktetas:n
aktetje	akte:n
aktes	akte:n
eventjes	even:d
sabbele	sabbelen:v
sabbel	sabbelen:v
sabbelt	sabbelen:v
handele	handelen:v
googele	googelen:v
pendele	pendelen:v
weidser	weids:a
weidst	weids:a
weidse	weids:a
weidsere	weids:a
weidste	weids:a
uitvloeisels	uitvloeisel:n
uitvloeiselen	uitvloeisel:n
uitvloeiseltje	uitvloeisel:n
uitvloei	uitvloeien:v
uitvloeide	uitvloeien:v
uitvloeit	uitvloeien:v
uitvloeiden	uitvloeien:v
uitvloeiend	uitvloeien:v
uitgevloeid	uitvloeien:v
snikhete	snikheet:a
verkoel	verkoelen:v
verkoelde	verkoelen:v
verkoelt	verkoelen:v
verkoelden	verkoelen:v
verkoelend	verkoelen:v
verkoeld	verkoelen:v
verkoelingen	verkoeling:n
verkoelinkje	verkoeling:n
persconferenties	persconferentie:n
persconferentietje	persconferentie:n
conferenties	conferentie:n
conferentietje	conferentie:n
hoorntjes	hoorntje:n
feeërieker	feeëriek:a
feeëriekst	feeëriek:a
feeërieke	feeëriek:a
feeëriekere	feeëriek:a
feeëriekste	feeëriek:a
bloedmooier	bloedmooi:a
bloedmooist	bloedmooi:a
bloedmooie	bloedmooi:a
bloedmooiere	bloedmooi:a
bloedmooiste	bloedmooi:a
lichtvoetiger	lichtvoetig:a
lichtvoetigst	lichtvoetig:a
lichtvoetige	lichtvoetig:a
lichtvoetigere	lichtvoetig:a
lichtvoetigste	lichtvoetig:a
danige	danig:a
slobberiger	slobberig:a
slobberigst	slobberig:a
slobberige	slobberig:a
slobberigere	slobberig:a
slobberigste	slobberig:a
vergistte	vergisten:v
vergistten	vergisten:v
vergistend	vergisten:v
vergistingen	vergisting:n
bladwijzers	bladwijzer:n
bladwijzertje	bladwijzer:n
virtuele	virtueel:a
knettergekke	knettergek:a
ambraske	ambras:n
onbeperkter	onbeperkt:a
onbeperktst	onbeperkt:a
onbeperkte	onbeperkt:a
onbeperktere	onbeperkt:a
onbeperktste	onbeperkt:a
pejoratieven	pejoratief:n
pejoratiefje	pejoratief:n
pejoratiever	pejoratief:a
pejoratiefst	pejoratief:a
pejoratieve	pejoratief:a
pejoratievere	pejoratief:a
pejoratiefste	pejoratief:a
hagele	hagelen:v
hagelt	hagelen:v
jodele	jodelen:v
kapsels	kapsel:n
kapseltje	kapsel:n
krabbele	krabbelen:v
krabbels	krabbel:n
krabbeltje	krabbel:n
mangele	mangelen:v
veinsde	veinzen:v
veinst	veinzen:v
veinsden	veinzen:v
veinzend	veinzen:v
geveinsd	veinzen:v
bezwendel	bezwendelen:v
bezwendelde	bezwendelen:v
bezwendelt	bezwendelen:v
bezwendelden	bezwendelen:v
bezwendelend	bezwendelen:v
bezwendeld	bezwendelen:v
payot	pagnot:n
plosieven	plosief:n
plosiefje	plosief:n
ploziever	plosief:a
plosiefst	plosief:a
plozieve	plosief:a
plozievere	plosief:a
plosiefste	plosief:a
plofklanken	plofklank:n
plofklankje	plofklank:n
huissleutels	huissleutel:n
huissleuteltje	huissleutel:n
Brabanders	Brabander:n
Brabandertje	Brabander:n
jije	jijen:v
knarste	knarsen:v
knarst	knarsen:v
knarsten	knarsen:v
knarsend	knarsen:v
geknarst	knarsen:v
kunstgebitten	kunstgebit:n
kunstgebitje	kunstgebit:n
melkgebitten	melkgebit:n
melkgebitje	melkgebit:n
iteraties	iteratie:n
iteratietje	iteratie:n
blauwgroenen	blauwgroen:n
blauwgroener	blauwgroen:a
blauwgroenst	blauwgroen:a
blauwgroene	blauwgroen:a
blauwgroenere	blauwgroen:a
blauwgroenste	blauwgroen:a
vuurroder	vuurrood:a
vuurroodst	vuurrood:a
vuurrode	vuurrood:a
vuurrodere	vuurrood:a
vuurroodste	vuurrood:a
lichtblauwer	lichtblauw:a
lichtblauwst	lichtblauw:a
lichtblauwe	lichtblauw:a
lichtblauwere	lichtblauw:a
lichtblauwste	lichtblauw:a
donkerblauwer	donkerblauw:a
donkerblauwst	donkerblauw:a
donkerblauwe	donkerblauw:a
donkerblauwere	donkerblauw:a
donkerblauwste	donkerblauw:a
lichtroder	lichtrood:a
lichtroodst	lichtrood:a
lichtrode	lichtrood:a
lichtrodere	lichtrood:a
lichtroodste	lichtrood:a
donkerroder	donkerrood:a
donkerroodst	donkerrood:a
donkerrode	donkerrood:a
donkerrodere	donkerrood:a
donkerroodste	donkerrood:a
lichtgroener	lichtgroen:a
lichtgroenst	lichtgroen:a
lichtgroene	lichtgroen:a
lichtgroenere	lichtgroen:a
lichtgroenste	lichtgroen:a
donkergroener	donkergroen:a
donkergroenst	donkergroen:a
donkergroene	donkergroen:a
donkergroenere	donkergroen:a
donkergroenste	donkergroen:a
geelgroener	geelgroen:a
geelgroenst	geelgroen:a
geelgroene	geelgroen:a
geelgroenere	geelgroen:a
geelgroenste	geelgroen:a
geelgroenen	geelgroen:n
lichtgeler	lichtgeel:a
lichtgeelst	lichtgeel:a
lichtgele	lichtgeel:a
lichtgelere	lichtgeel:a
lichtgeelste	lichtgeel:a
donkergeler	donkergeel:a
donkergeelst	donkergeel:a
donkergele	donkergeel:a
donkergelere	donkergeel:a
donkergeelste	donkergeel:a
lichtbruiner	lichtbruin:a
lichtbruinst	lichtbruin:a
lichtbruine	lichtbruin:a
lichtbruinere	lichtbruin:a
lichtbruinste	lichtbruin:a
donkerbruiner	donkerbruin:a
donkerbruinst	donkerbruin:a
donkerbruine	donkerbruin:a
donkerbruinere	donkerbruin:a
donkerbruinste	donkerbruin:a
lichtgrijzer	lichtgrijs:a
lichtgrijst	lichtgrijs:a
lichtgrijze	lichtgrijs:a
lichtgrijzere	lichtgrijs:a
lichtgrijste	lichtgrijs:a
donkergrijzer	donkergrijs:a
donkergrijst	donkergrijs:a
donkergrijze	donkergrijs:a
donkergrijzere	donkergrijs:a
donkergrijste	donkergrijs:a
spierwitte	spierwit:a
grasgroener	grasgroen:a
grasgroenst	grasgroen:a
grasgroene	grasgroen:a
grasgroenere	grasgroen:a
grasgroenste	grasgroen:a
hemelblauwer	hemelblauw:a
hemelblauwst	hemelblauw:a
hemelblauwe	hemelblauw:a
hemelblauwere	hemelblauw:a
hemelblauwste	hemelblauw:a
dijkwachten	dijkwacht:n
dijkbewakingen	dijkbewaking:n
droogleg	droogleggen:v
drooglegde	droogleggen:v
drooglegt	droogleggen:v
drooglegden	droogleggen:v
droogleggend	droogleggen:v
drooggelegd	droogleggen:v
droogleggingen	drooglegging:n
nuttigde	nuttigen:v
nuttigt	nuttigen:v
nuttigden	nuttigen:v
nuttigend	nuttigen:v
genuttigd	nuttigen:v
eetcafés	eetcafé:n
eetcafeetje	eetcafé:n
evangelische	evangelisch:a
fietspaden	fietspad:n
fietspadje	fietspad:n
firmatje	firma:n
frisdranken	frisdrank:n
frisdrankje	frisdrank:n
condoleer	condoleren:v
condoleerde	condoleren:v
condoleert	condoleren:v
condoleerden	condoleren:v
condolerend	condoleren:v
gecondoleerd	condoleren:v
hagelde	hagelen:v
hagelden	hagelen:v
hagelend	hagelen:v
gehageld	hagelen:v
hoofdpunten	hoofdpunt:n
hoofdpuntje	hoofdpunt:n
inpak	inpakken:v
inpakte	inpakken:v
inpakt	inpakken:v
inpakten	inpakken:v
inpakkend	inpakken:v
ingepakt	inpakken:v
koekenpannen	koekenpan:n
koekenpannetje	koekenpan:n
koffiepotten	koffiepot:n
koffiepotje	koffiepot:n
koffiekannen	koffiekan:n
koffiekannetje	koffiekan:n
woordenstromen	woordenstroom:n
woordenstroompje	woordenstroom:n
advocaturen	advocatuur:n
pasklare	pasklaar:a
Oudhoogduitse	Oudhoogduits:a
blijspelen	blijspel:n
blijspelletje	blijspel:n
trimsalons	trimsalon:n
trimsalonnetje	trimsalon:n
keeshonden	keeshond:n
keeshondje	keeshond:n
keuterboeren	keuterboer:n
keuterboertje	keuterboer:n
keuterijen	keuterij:n
keuterijtje	keuterij:n
dwazer	dwaas:a
dwaast	dwaas:a
dwaze	dwaas:a
dwazere	dwaas:a
dwaaste	dwaas:a
dwazen	dwaas:n
dwaasje	dwaas:n
huisraden	huisraad:n
huisraadje	huisraad:n
katrollen	katrol:n
katrolletje	katrol:n
katrolschijven	katrolschijf:n
katrolschijfje	katrolschijf:n
geesteskinderen	geesteskind:n
geesteskindje	geesteskind:n
stuwadoren	stuwadoor:n
stuwadoortje	stuwadoor:n
constituere	constitueren:v
negorijen	negorij:n
negorijtje	negorij:n
verbleek	verbleken:v
verbleekte	verbleken:v
verbleekt	verbleken:v
verbleekten	verbleken:v
verblekend	verbleken:v
juffers	juffer:n
jufferen	juffer:n
juffertje	juffer:n
waterjuffers	waterjuffer:n
waterjuffertje	waterjuffer:n
snuifdozen	snuifdoos:n
snuifdoosje	snuifdoos:n
snuiftabakje	snuiftabak:n
mineralogen	mineraloog:n
mineraloogje	mineraloog:n
liefhebberijen	liefhebberij:n
liefhebberijtje	liefhebberij:n
bespeur	bespeuren:v
bespeurde	bespeuren:v
bespeurt	bespeuren:v
bespeurden	bespeuren:v
bespeurend	bespeuren:v
bespeurd	bespeuren:v
houteriger	houterig:a
houterigst	houterig:a
houterige	houterig:a
houterigere	houterig:a
houterigste	houterig:a
doorzie	doorzien:v
doorzag	doorzien:v
doorziet	doorzien:v
doorzagen	doorzien:v
doorziend	doorzien:v
kwaadspreek	kwaadspreken:v
kwaadsprak	kwaadspreken:v
kwaadspreekt	kwaadspreken:v
kwaadspraken	kwaadspreken:v
kwaadsprekend	kwaadspreken:v
kwaadgesproken	kwaadspreken:v
kwaadsprekers	kwaadspreker:n
kwaadsprekertje	kwaadspreker:n
kwaadspreeksters	kwaadspreekster:n
kwaadspreekstertje	kwaadspreekster:n
nijverder	nijver:a
nijverst	nijver:a
nijvere	nijver:a
nijverdere	nijver:a
nijverste	nijver:a
zape	zappen:v
uitricht	uitrichten:v
uitrichtte	uitrichten:v
uitrichtten	uitrichten:v
uitrichtend	uitrichten:v
uitgericht	uitrichten:v
kousjes	kousje:n
gloeikousen	gloeikous:n
gloeikousje	gloeikous:n
kwalijker	kwalijk:a
kwalijkst	kwalijk:a
kwalijke	kwalijk:a
kwalijkere	kwalijk:a
kwalijkste	kwalijk:a
ladenkast	ladekast:n
huiscavia's	huiscavia:n
huiscaviaatje	huiscavia:n
meekom	meekomen:v
meekwam	meekomen:v
meekomt	meekomen:v
meekwamen	meekomen:v
meekomend	meekomen:v
meegekomen	meekomen:v
bijhou	bijhouden:v
bijhoud	bijhouden:v
bijhield	bijhouden:v
bijhoudt	bijhouden:v
bijhielden	bijhouden:v
bijhoudend	bijhouden:v
bijgehouden	bijhouden:v
meebreng	meebrengen:v
meebracht	meebrengen:v
meebrengt	meebrengen:v
meebrachten	meebrengen:v
meebrengend	meebrengen:v
meegebracht	meebrengen:v
uitstelletje	uitstel:n
respijten	respijt:n
overdaden	overdaad:n
overdaadje	overdaad:n
egodocumenten	egodocument:n
egodocumentje	egodocument:n
middelbaarder	middelbaar:a
middelbaarst	middelbaar:a
middelbare	middelbaar:a
middelbaardere	middelbaar:a
middelbaarste	middelbaar:a
omkleed	omkleden:v
omkleedde	omkleden:v
omkleedt	omkleden:v
omkleedden	omkleden:v
omkledend	omkleden:v
omgekleed	omkleden:v
onoplettender	onoplettend:a
onoplettendst	onoplettend:a
onoplettende	onoplettend:a
onoplettendere	onoplettend:a
onoplettendste	onoplettend:a
onweerde	onweren:v
onweert	onweren:v
onweerden	onweren:v
onwerend	onweren:v
geonweerd	onweren:v
opendoe	opendoen:v
opendeed	opendoen:v
opendoet	opendoen:v
opendeden	opendoen:v
opendoend	opendoen:v
opengedaan	opendoen:v
mentaliteiten	mentaliteit:n
mentaliteitje	mentaliteit:n
proest	proesten:v
proestte	proesten:v
proestten	proesten:v
proestend	proesten:v
geproest	proesten:v
winkeliers	winkelier:n
winkeliertje	winkelier:n
voorhangen	voorhang:n
voorhangetje	voorhang:n
voorhangsels	voorhangsel:n
voorhangselen	voorhangsel:n
voorhang	voorhangen:v
voorhing	voorhangen:v
voorhangt	voorhangen:v
voorhingen	voorhangen:v
voorhangend	voorhangen:v
voorgehangen	voorhangen:v
voorhangers	voorhanger:n
voorhangertje	voorhanger:n
bloembakken	bloembak:n
bloembakje	bloembak:n
toeristenvallen	toeristenval:n
toeristenvalletje	toeristenval:n
woelwaters	woelwater:n
woelwatertje	woelwater:n
parkeerterreinen	parkeerterrein:n
parkeerterreintje	parkeerterrein:n
veroorloof	veroorloven:v
veroorloofde	veroorloven:v
veroorlooft	veroorloven:v
veroorloofden	veroorloven:v
veroorlovend	veroorloven:v
veroorloofd	veroorloven:v
piepkleiner	piepklein:a
piepkleinst	piepklein:a
piepkleine	piepklein:a
piepkleinere	piepklein:a
piepkleinste	piepklein:a
reisbureaus	reisbureau:n
reisbureautje	reisbureau:n
reischeques	reischeque:n
reischequeje	reischeque:n
schouwburgen	schouwburg:n
schouwburgje	schouwburg:n
sjekkies	sjekkie:n
snufje	snuf:n
snufjes	snufje:n
spaarboekjes	spaarboekje:n
spaarbankboekjes	spaarbankboekje:n
speelfilms	speelfilm:n
speelfilmpje	speelfilm:n
tekenfilms	tekenfilm:n
tekenfilmpje	tekenfilm:n
spijkerbroeken	spijkerbroek:n
spijkerbroekje	spijkerbroek:n
stouten	stout:n
stoutje	stout:n
treinstellen	treinstel:n
treinstelletje	treinstel:n
verkleed	verkleden:v
verkleedde	verkleden:v
verkleedt	verkleden:v
verkleedden	verkleden:v
verkledend	verkleden:v
uitstap	uitstappen:v
uitstapte	uitstappen:v
uitstapt	uitstappen:v
uitstapten	uitstappen:v
uitstappend	uitstappen:v
uitgestapt	uitstappen:v
uittrek	uittrekken:v
uittrok	uittrekken:v
uittrekt	uittrekken:v
uittrokken	uittrekken:v
uittrekkend	uittrekken:v
uitgetrokken	uittrekken:v
uitdoe	uitdoen:v
uitdeed	uitdoen:v
uitdoet	uitdoen:v
uitdeden	uitdoen:v
uitdoend	uitdoen:v
uitgedaan	uitdoen:v
uitval	uitvallen:v
uitviel	uitvallen:v
uitvalt	uitvallen:v
uitvielen	uitvallen:v
uitvallend	uitvallen:v
uitgevallen	uitvallen:v
verrukkelijker	verrukkelijk:a
verrukkelijkst	verrukkelijk:a
verrukkelijke	verrukkelijk:a
verrukkelijkere	verrukkelijk:a
verrukkelijkste	verrukkelijk:a
verruk	verrukken:v
verrukte	verrukken:v
verrukt	verrukken:v
verrukten	verrukken:v
verrukkend	verrukken:v
verstandigst	verstandig:a
verstandiger	verstandig:a
verstandige	verstandig:a
verstandigere	verstandig:a
verstandigste	verstandig:a
onverstandiger	onverstandig:a
onverstandigst	onverstandig:a
onverstandige	onverstandig:a
onverstandigere	onverstandig:a
onverstandigste	onverstandig:a
Victoriaanser	Victoriaans:a
Victoriaanst	Victoriaans:a
Victoriaanse	Victoriaans:a
Victoriaansere	Victoriaans:a
Victoriaanste	Victoriaans:a
perkamenten	perkament:n
perkamentje	perkament:n
voorlees	voorlezen:v
voorlas	voorlezen:v
voorleest	voorlezen:v
voorlazen	voorlezen:v
voorlezend	voorlezen:v
voorgelezen	voorlezen:v
vriespunten	vriespunt:n
vriespuntje	vriespunt:n
vriezers	vriezer:n
vriezertje	vriezer:n
diepvriezen	diepvries:n
diepvriesje	diepvries:n
diepvriezers	diepvriezer:n
diepvriezertje	diepvriezer:n
diepvries	diepvriezen:v
diepvroor	diepvriezen:v
diepvriest	diepvriezen:v
diepvroren	diepvriezen:v
diepvriezend	diepvriezen:v
diepgevroren	diepvriezen:v
diepvrieskasten	diepvrieskast:n
diepvrieskastje	diepvrieskast:n
vriesvakken	vriesvak:n
vriesvakje	vriesvak:n
expandere	expanderen:v
vulpennen	vulpen:n
vulpennetje	vulpen:n
weerberichten	weerbericht:n
weerberichtje	weerbericht:n
weerkaarten	weerkaart:n
weerkaartje	weerkaart:n
misleid	misleiden:v
misleidde	misleiden:v
misleidt	misleiden:v
misleidden	misleiden:v
misleidend	misleiden:v
wegdoe	wegdoen:v
wegdeed	wegdoen:v
wegdoet	wegdoen:v
wegdeden	wegdoen:v
wegdoend	wegdoen:v
weggedaan	wegdoen:v
wisselkoersen	wisselkoers:n
wisselkoersje	wisselkoers:n
rookworsten	rookworst:n
rookworstje	rookworst:n
waarachtigheden	waarachtigheid:n
formaliseer	formaliseren:v
formaliseerde	formaliseren:v
formaliseert	formaliseren:v
formaliseerden	formaliseren:v
formaliserend	formaliseren:v
geformaliseerd	formaliseren:v
toewijd	toewijden:v
toewijdde	toewijden:v
toewijdt	toewijden:v
toewijdden	toewijden:v
toewijdend	toewijden:v
toegewijd	toewijden:v
grendelde	grendelen:v
grendelt	grendelen:v
grendelden	grendelen:v
grendelend	grendelen:v
gegrendeld	grendelen:v
verstram	verstrammen:v
verstramde	verstrammen:v
verstramt	verstrammen:v
verstramden	verstrammen:v
verstrammend	verstrammen:v
verstramd	verstrammen:v
kleerhangers	kleerhanger:n
kleerhangertje	kleerhanger:n
vergrootglazen	vergrootglas:n
vergrootglasje	vergrootglas:n
koetswerken	koetswerk:n
koetswerkje	koetswerk:n
blinddoeken	blinddoek:n
blinddoekje	blinddoek:n
blinddoek	blinddoeken:v
blinddoekte	blinddoeken:v
blinddoekt	blinddoeken:v
blinddoekten	blinddoeken:v
blinddoekend	blinddoeken:v
geblinddoekt	blinddoeken:v
remkabels	remkabel:n
remkabeltje	remkabel:n
verleidelijker	verleidelijk:a
verleidelijkst	verleidelijk:a
verleidelijke	verleidelijk:a
verleidelijkere	verleidelijk:a
verleidelijkste	verleidelijk:a
afkeurenswaardiger	afkeurenswaardig:a
afkeurenswaardigst	afkeurenswaardig:a
afkeurenswaardige	afkeurenswaardig:a
afkeurenswaardigere	afkeurenswaardig:a
afkeurenswaardigste	afkeurenswaardig:a
zadels	zadel:n
zadeltje	zadel:n
besparingen	besparing:n
besparinkje	besparing:n
lichaamsbewegingen	lichaamsbeweging:n
lichaamsbeweginkje	lichaamsbeweging:n
zelfrijzende	zelfrijzend:a
sleutelbenen	sleutelbeen:n
sleutelbeentje	sleutelbeen:n
hunkerde	hunkeren:v
hunkert	hunkeren:v
hunkerden	hunkeren:v
hunkerend	hunkeren:v
gehunkerd	hunkeren:v
rustelozer	rusteloos:a
rusteloost	rusteloos:a
rusteloze	rusteloos:a
rustelozere	rusteloos:a
rustelooste	rusteloos:a
voormannen	voorman:n
voorlieden	voorman:n
voormannetje	voorman:n
opzichters	opzichter:n
opzichtertje	opzichter:n
onderbazen	onderbaas:n
onderbaasje	onderbaas:n
ploegbazen	ploegbaas:n
ploegbaasje	ploegbaas:n
kritiseer	kritiseren:v
kritiseerde	kritiseren:v
kritiseert	kritiseren:v
kritiseerden	kritiseren:v
kritiserend	kritiseren:v
gekritiseerd	kritiseren:v
mistiger	mistig:a
mistigst	mistig:a
mistige	mistig:a
mistigere	mistig:a
mistigste	mistig:a
mistigheden	mistigheid:n
mistte	misten:v
mistten	misten:v
mistend	misten:v
babybooms	babyboom:n
babyboompje	babyboom:n
makakken	makak:n
makakje	makak:n
porems	porem:n
porempje	porem:n
ponems	ponem:n
ponempje	ponem:n
bollebozen	bolleboos:n
bolleboosje	bolleboos:n
gannefen	gannef:n
ganneven	gannef:n
gannefje	gannef:n
gapte	gappen:v
gapt	gappen:v
gapten	gappen:v
gappend	gappen:v
gegapt	gappen:v
goochemer	goochem:a
goochemst	goochem:a
goocheme	goochem:a
goochemere	goochem:a
goochemste	goochem:a
jajems	jajem:n
jajempje	jajem:n
jajempie	jajem:n
immigrere	immigreren:v
gasturbines	gasturbine:n
koosjere	koosjer:a
intimidaties	intimidatie:n
intimidatietje	intimidatie:n
emancipaties	emancipatie:n
emancipeer	emanciperen:v
emancipeerde	emanciperen:v
emancipeert	emanciperen:v
emancipeerden	emanciperen:v
emanciperend	emanciperen:v
geëmancipeerd	emanciperen:v
compenseer	compenseren:v
compenseerde	compenseren:v
compenseert	compenseren:v
compenseerden	compenseren:v
compenserend	compenseren:v
gecompenseerd	compenseren:v
overgooi	overgooien:v
overgooide	overgooien:v
overgooit	overgooien:v
overgooiden	overgooien:v
overgooiend	overgooien:v
overgegooid	overgooien:v
vergooi	vergooien:v
vergooide	vergooien:v
vergooit	vergooien:v
vergooiden	vergooien:v
vergooiend	vergooien:v
vergooid	vergooien:v
black-outs	black-out:n
black-outje	black-out:n
oöcyten	oöcyt:n
oöcytje	oöcyt:n
martelingen	marteling:n
martelinkje	marteling:n
duellere	duelleren:v
voortreffelijker	voortreffelijk:a
voortreffelijkst	voortreffelijk:a
voortreffelijke	voortreffelijk:a
voortreffelijkere	voortreffelijk:a
voortreffelijkste	voortreffelijk:a
voortreffelijkheden	voortreffelijkheid:n
bouwdozen	bouwdoos:n
bouwdoosje	bouwdoos:n
genegener	genegen:a
genegenst	genegen:a
genegen	nijgen:v
genegenste	genegen:a
genegenheden	genegenheid:n
gedoetje	gedoe:n
waakhonden	waakhond:n
waakhondje	waakhond:n
verwonder	verwonderen:v
verwonderde	verwonderen:v
verwondert	verwonderen:v
verwonderden	verwonderen:v
verwonderend	verwonderen:v
verwonderd	verwonderen:v
vergeetachtiger	vergeetachtig:a
vergeetachtigst	vergeetachtig:a
vergeetachtige	vergeetachtig:a
vergeetachtigere	vergeetachtig:a
vergeetachtigste	vergeetachtig:a
kinderachtiger	kinderachtig:a
kinderachtigst	kinderachtig:a
kinderachtige	kinderachtig:a
kinderachtigere	kinderachtig:a
kinderachtigste	kinderachtig:a
slaapmiddelen	slaapmiddel:n
slaapmiddeltje	slaapmiddel:n
straatwegen	straatweg:n
straatweggetje	straatweg:n
verhard	verharden:v
verhardde	verharden:v
verhardt	verharden:v
verhardden	verharden:v
verhardend	verharden:v
duizelingwekkender	duizelingwekkend:a
duizelingwekkendst	duizelingwekkend:a
duizelingwekkende	duizelingwekkend:a
duizelingwekkendere	duizelingwekkend:a
duizelingwekkendste	duizelingwekkend:a
duizelingen	duizeling:n
duizelingetje	duizeling:n
draaieriger	draaierig:a
draaierigst	draaierig:a
draaierige	draaierig:a
draaierigere	draaierig:a
draaierigste	draaierig:a
draaierigheden	draaierigheid:n
docu	documentaire:n
cabaretières	cabaretière:n
luidruchtiger	luidruchtig:a
luidruchtigst	luidruchtig:a
luidruchtige	luidruchtig:a
luidruchtigere	luidruchtig:a
luidruchtigste	luidruchtig:a
lawaaieriger	lawaaierig:a
lawaaierigst	lawaaierig:a
lawaaierige	lawaaierig:a
lawaaierigere	lawaaierig:a
lawaaierigste	lawaaierig:a
gevaarten	gevaarte:n
gevaartes	gevaarte:n
gevaartetje	gevaarte:n
lasteraars	lasteraar:n
lasteraartje	lasteraar:n
rijde	rijen:v|rijden:v
rijt	rijen:v|rijten:v
rijend	rijen:v
gerijd	rijen:v
groothertogdommen	groothertogdom:n
groothertogdommetje	groothertogdom:n
groothertogen	groothertog:n
groothertogje	groothertog:n
groothertoginnen	groothertogin:n
groothertoginnetje	groothertogin:n
inleid	inleiden:v
inleidde	inleiden:v
inleidt	inleiden:v
inleidden	inleiden:v
inleidend	inleiden:v
ingeleid	inleiden:v
aanbeland	aanbelanden:v
aanbelandde	aanbelanden:v
aanbelandt	aanbelanden:v
aanbelandden	aanbelanden:v
aanbelandend	aanbelanden:v
stagneer	stagneren:v
stagneerde	stagneren:v
stagneert	stagneren:v
stagneerden	stagneren:v
stagnerend	stagneren:v
gestagneerd	stagneren:v
verontrust	verontrusten:v
verontrustte	verontrusten:v
verontrustten	verontrusten:v
verontrustend	verontrusten:v
moerde	moeren:v
moert	moeren:v
moerden	moeren:v
moerend	moeren:v
gemoerd	moeren:v
tortelduiven	tortelduif:n
tortelduifje	tortelduif:n
tortels	tortel:n
torteltje	tortel:n
verklap	verklappen:v
verklapte	verklappen:v
verklapt	verklappen:v
verklapten	verklappen:v
verklappend	verklappen:v
portieken	portiek:n
portiekje	portiek:n
ritmischer	ritmisch:a
ritmischt	ritmisch:a
ritmische	ritmisch:a
ritmischere	ritmisch:a
ritmischte	ritmisch:a
fantasten	fantast:n
fantastje	fantast:n
samenleef	samenleven:v
samenleefde	samenleven:v
samenleeft	samenleven:v
samenleefden	samenleven:v
samenlevend	samenleven:v
samengeleefd	samenleven:v
walsje	wals:n
stakers	staker:n
stakertje	staker:n
versletener	versleten:a
versletenst	versleten:a
versletenste	versleten:a
versleten	verslijten:v
verslijt	verslijten:v
versleet	verslijten:v
verslijtend	verslijten:v
plagerijen	plagerij:n
plagerijtje	plagerij:n
behaagzieker	behaagziek:a
behaagziekst	behaagziek:a
behaagzieke	behaagziek:a
behaagziekere	behaagziek:a
behaagziekste	behaagziek:a
koketst	koket:a
kokettere	koket:a
koketste	koket:a
verkreukel	verkreukelen:v
verkreukelde	verkreukelen:v
verkreukelt	verkreukelen:v
verkreukelden	verkreukelen:v
verkreukelend	verkreukelen:v
verkreukeld	verkreukelen:v
kreukel	kreukelen:v
kreukelde	kreukelen:v
kreukelt	kreukelen:v
kreukelden	kreukelen:v
kreukelend	kreukelen:v
gekreukeld	kreukelen:v
kreuk	kreuken:v
kreukte	kreuken:v
kreukt	kreuken:v
kreukten	kreuken:v
kreukend	kreuken:v
gekreukt	kreuken:v
kreuken	kreuk:n
kreukje	kreuk:n
afrol	afrollen:v
afrolde	afrollen:v
afrolt	afrollen:v
afrolden	afrollen:v
afrollend	afrollen:v
afgerold	afrollen:v
doodeenvoudiger	doodeenvoudig:a
doodeenvoudigst	doodeenvoudig:a
doodeenvoudige	doodeenvoudig:a
doodeenvoudigere	doodeenvoudig:a
doodeenvoudigste	doodeenvoudig:a
vibreer	vibreren:v
vibreerde	vibreren:v
vibreert	vibreren:v
vibreerden	vibreren:v
vibrerend	vibreren:v
gevibreerd	vibreren:v
bijkomstigheden	bijkomstigheid:n
bijkomstigheidje	bijkomstigheid:n
bijkomstiger	bijkomstig:a
bijkomstigst	bijkomstig:a
engageer	engageren:v
engageerde	engageren:v
engageert	engageren:v
engageerden	engageren:v
engagerend	engageren:v
geëngageerd	engageren:v
luste	lusten:v
vulgairder	vulgair:a
vulgairst	vulgair:a
vulgairdere	vulgair:a
vulgairste	vulgair:a
smakelozer	smakeloos:a
smakeloost	smakeloos:a
smakeloze	smakeloos:a
smakelozere	smakeloos:a
smakelooste	smakeloos:a
obsceenst	obsceen:a
obscene	obsceen:a
obscenere	obsceen:a
obsceenste	obsceen:a
schunniger	schunnig:a
schunnigst	schunnig:a
schunnige	schunnig:a
schunnigere	schunnig:a
schunnigste	schunnig:a
tuinkabouters	tuinkabouter:n
tuinkaboutertje	tuinkabouter:n
ongevoeliger	ongevoelig:a
ongevoeligst	ongevoelig:a
ongevoelige	ongevoelig:a
ongevoeligere	ongevoelig:a
ongevoeligste	ongevoelig:a
insensibeler	insensibel:a
insensibele	insensibel:a
insensibelere	insensibel:a
insensibelste	insensibel:a
bokjes	bokje:n
zondebokken	zondebok:n
zondebokje	zondebok:n
vooruitblik	vooruitblikken:v
vooruitblikte	vooruitblikken:v
vooruitblikt	vooruitblikken:v
vooruitblikten	vooruitblikken:v
vooruitblikkend	vooruitblikken:v
vooruitgeblikt	vooruitblikken:v
vooruitblikken	vooruitblik:n
vooruitblikje	vooruitblik:n
hoera's	hoera:n
hoeraatje	hoera:n
planmatiger	planmatig:a
planmatigst	planmatig:a
planmatige	planmatig:a
planmatigere	planmatig:a
planmatigste	planmatig:a
langdradiger	langdradig:a
langdradigst	langdradig:a
langdradige	langdradig:a
langdradigere	langdradig:a
langdradigste	langdradig:a
langdradigheden	langdradigheid:n
steeneiken	steeneik:n
steeneikje	steeneik:n
ellendiger	ellendig:a
ellendigst	ellendig:a
ellendige	ellendig:a
ellendigere	ellendig:a
ellendigste	ellendig:a
erbarmelijker	erbarmelijk:a
erbarmelijkst	erbarmelijk:a
erbarmelijke	erbarmelijk:a
erbarmelijkere	erbarmelijk:a
erbarmelijkste	erbarmelijk:a
erbarmingen	erbarming:n
beklagenswaardiger	beklagenswaardig:a
beklagenswaardigst	beklagenswaardig:a
beklagenswaardige	beklagenswaardig:a
beklagenswaardigere	beklagenswaardig:a
beklagenswaardigste	beklagenswaardig:a
deviezen	devies:n
deviesje	devies:n
geldswaardige	geldswaardig:a
hekel	hekelen:v
hekelde	hekelen:v
hekelt	hekelen:v
hekelden	hekelen:v
hekelend	hekelen:v
gehekeld	hekelen:v
vermoeidheden	vermoeidheid:n
vermoeidheidje	vermoeidheid:n
vangsten	vangst:n
vangstje	vangst:n
dolke	dolken:v
schameler	schamel:a
schamelst	schamel:a
schamele	schamel:a
schamelere	schamel:a
schamelste	schamel:a
verschans	verschansen:v
verschanste	verschansen:v
verschanst	verschansen:v
verschansten	verschansen:v
verschansend	verschansen:v
schansen	schans:n
schansje	schans:n
springschansen	springschans:n
springschansje	springschans:n
barbiers	barbier:n
barbiertje	barbier:n
digter	dichter:n
kansels	kansel:n
kanseltje	kansel:n
dubbelzinnigheden	dubbelzinnigheid:n
dubbelzinnigheidje	dubbelzinnigheid:n
dubbelzinniger	dubbelzinnig:a
dubbelzinnigst	dubbelzinnig:a
dubbelzinnige	dubbelzinnig:a
dubbelzinnigere	dubbelzinnig:a
dubbelzinnigste	dubbelzinnig:a
manifestaties	manifestatie:n
manifestatietje	manifestatie:n
kreupeler	kreupel:a
kreupelst	kreupel:a
kreupele	kreupel:a
kreupelere	kreupel:a
kreupelste	kreupel:a
kreupelhouten	kreupelhout:n
kreupelhoutje	kreupelhout:n
spasmen	spasme:n
spasmes	spasme:n
spasmetje	spasme:n
leunstoelen	leunstoel:n
leunstoeltje	leunstoel:n
milieuvriendelijker	milieuvriendelijk:a
milieuvriendelijkst	milieuvriendelijk:a
milieuvriendelijke	milieuvriendelijk:a
milieuvriendelijkere	milieuvriendelijk:a
milieuvriendelijkste	milieuvriendelijk:a
soepelheden	soepelheid:n
verkortte	verkorten:v
verkortten	verkorten:v
verkortend	verkorten:v
verkortingen	verkorting:n
verkortinkje	verkorting:n
bekrompener	bekrompen:a
bekrompenst	bekrompen:a
bekrompenste	bekrompen:a
emfatischer	emfatisch:a
emfatische	emfatisch:a
emfatischere	emfatisch:a
frikken	frik:n
frikje	frik:n
inlas	inlassen:v
inlaste	inlassen:v
inlast	inlassen:v
inlasten	inlassen:v
inlassend	inlassen:v
ingelast	inlassen:v
flikje	flik:n
litho's	litho:n
lithootje	litho:n
caritatief	charitatief:a
schrob	schrobben:v
schrobde	schrobben:v
schrobt	schrobben:v
schrobden	schrobben:v
schrobbend	schrobben:v
geschrobd	schrobben:v
straatarmer	straatarm:a
straatarmst	straatarm:a
straatarme	straatarm:a
straatarmere	straatarm:a
straatarmste	straatarm:a
ontwen	ontwennen:v
ontwende	ontwennen:v
ontwent	ontwennen:v
ontwenden	ontwennen:v
ontwennend	ontwennen:v
ontwend	ontwennen:v
verwilder	verwilderen:v
verwilderde	verwilderen:v|verwilderd:a
verwildert	verwilderen:v
verwilderden	verwilderen:v
verwilderend	verwilderen:v
verwilderd	verwilderen:v
verwilderder	verwilderd:a
verwilderdst	verwilderd:a
verwilderdere	verwilderd:a
verwilderdste	verwilderd:a
zorgwekkender	zorgwekkend:a
zorgwekkendst	zorgwekkend:a
zorgwekkende	zorgwekkend:a
zorgwekkendere	zorgwekkend:a
zorgwekkendste	zorgwekkend:a
tem	temmen:v
temde	temmen:v
temt	temmen:v
temden	temmen:v
temmend	temmen:v
getemd	temmen:v
vitrages	vitrage:n
logiesje	logies:n
wegversperringen	wegversperring:n
wegversperrinkje	wegversperring:n
versperringen	versperring:n
versperrinkje	versperring:n
nachtschaden	nachtschade:n
nachtschades	nachtschade:n
wolfskersen	wolfskers:n
wolfskersje	wolfskers:n
kermistenten	kermistent:n
kermistentje	kermistent:n
circustenten	circustent:n
circustentje	circustent:n
dinge	dingen:v
klaarblijkelijker	klaarblijkelijk:a
klaarblijkelijkst	klaarblijkelijk:a
klaarblijkelijke	klaarblijkelijk:a
klaarblijkelijkere	klaarblijkelijk:a
klaarblijkelijkste	klaarblijkelijk:a
ethica's	ethica:n
zeden	zede:n
ethischer	ethisch:a
ethischt	ethisch:a
ethische	ethisch:a
ethischere	ethisch:a
ethischte	ethisch:a
onethischer	onethisch:a
onethischt	onethisch:a
onethische	onethisch:a
onethischere	onethisch:a
onethischte	onethisch:a
etherische	etherisch:a
guilen	guil:n
guiltje	guil:n
isohypsen	isohypse:n
vangrails	vangrail:n
vangrailtje	vangrail:n
theebladeren	theeblad:n
theeblaadje	theeblad:n
theebladen	theeblad:n
schouwspelen	schouwspel:n
schouwspelletje	schouwspel:n
vertoningen	vertoning:n
vertoninkje	vertoning:n
watersnoden	watersnood:n
watersnoodje	watersnood:n
inundaties	inundatie:n
inundeer	inunderen:v
inundeerde	inunderen:v
inundeert	inunderen:v
inundeerden	inunderen:v
inunderend	inunderen:v
geïnundeerd	inunderen:v
sjagerijn	sacherijnig:a
pittiger	pittig:a
pittigst	pittig:a
pittige	pittig:a
pittigere	pittig:a
pittigste	pittig:a
nutje	nut:n
nut	nutten:v
nuttend	nutten:v
genut	nutten:v
nutten	nut:n
nuttelozer	nutteloos:a
nutteloost	nutteloos:a
nutteloze	nutteloos:a
nuttelozere	nutteloos:a
nuttelooste	nutteloos:a
onveranderlijker	onveranderlijk:a
onveranderlijkst	onveranderlijk:a
onveranderlijke	onveranderlijk:a
onveranderlijkere	onveranderlijk:a
onveranderlijkste	onveranderlijk:a
respectieve	respectief:a
foeilelijker	foeilelijk:a
foeilelijkst	foeilelijk:a
foeilelijke	foeilelijk:a
foeilelijkere	foeilelijk:a
foeilelijkste	foeilelijk:a
verfoei	verfoeien:v
verfoeide	verfoeien:v
verfoeit	verfoeien:v
verfoeiden	verfoeien:v
verfoeiend	verfoeien:v
verfoeid	verfoeien:v
saltaties	saltatie:n
rubrieken	rubriek:n
rubriekje	rubriek:n
rubriceer	rubriceren:v
rubriceerde	rubriceren:v
rubriceert	rubriceren:v
rubriceerden	rubriceren:v
rubricerend	rubriceren:v
gerubriceerd	rubriceren:v
besmuikter	besmuikt:a
besmuiktst	besmuikt:a
besmuikte	besmuikt:a
besmuiktere	besmuikt:a
besmuiktste	besmuikt:a
dwaalgeesten	dwaalgeest:n
dwaalgeestje	dwaalgeest:n
ontspanningen	ontspanning:n
ontspanninkje	ontspanning:n
vinkte	vinken:v
vinkt	vinken:v
vinkten	vinken:v
vinkend	vinken:v
gevinkt	vinken:v
selectievakjes	selectievakje:n
bedieningspanelen	bedieningspaneel:n
bedieningspaneeltje	bedieningspaneel:n
panelen	paneel:n
paneeltje	paneel:n
terugzet	terugzetten:v
terugzette	terugzetten:v
terugzettend	terugzetten:v
teruggezet	terugzetten:v
stokouder	stokoud:a
stokoudst	stokoud:a
stokoude	stokoud:a
stokoudere	stokoud:a
stokoudste	stokoud:a
hoekstenen	hoeksteen:n
hoeksteentje	hoeksteen:n
polygame	polygaam:a
fanaten	fanaat:n
fanaatje	fanaat:n
fanatieker	fanatiek:a
fanatiekst	fanatiek:a
fanatieke	fanatiek:a
fanatiekere	fanatiek:a
fanatiekste	fanatiek:a
geneeslijker	geneeslijk:a
geneeslijkst	geneeslijk:a
geneeslijke	geneeslijk:a
geneeslijkere	geneeslijk:a
geneeslijkste	geneeslijk:a
ongeneeslijker	ongeneeslijk:a
ongeneeslijkst	ongeneeslijk:a
ongeneeslijke	ongeneeslijk:a
ongeneeslijkere	ongeneeslijk:a
ongeneeslijkste	ongeneeslijk:a
bladzij	bladzijde:n
Engelsmannen	Engelsman:n
Engelsmannetje	Engelsman:n
koortsuitslagen	koortsuitslag:n
huiduitslagen	huiduitslag:n
huiduitslagje	huiduitslag:n
koortslippen	koortslip:n
koortslipje	koortslip:n
jeetje	jee:i
nippe	nippen:v
stuc	stuken:v
fingeer	fingeren:v
fingeerde	fingeren:v
fingeert	fingeren:v
fingeerden	fingeren:v
fingerend	fingeren:v
gefingeerd	fingeren:v
snoepjes	snoepje:n
gewelven	gewelf:n
gewelfje	gewelf:n
wijnkelders	wijnkelder:n
wijnkeldertje	wijnkelder:n
onderaardse	onderaards:a
tweeloopse	tweeloops:a
knapperds	knapperd:n
knapperdje	knapperd:n
schuwer	schuw:a
schuwst	schuw:a
schuwe	schuw:a|schuwen:v
schuwere	schuw:a
schuwste	schuw:a
kloothommels	kloothommel:n
kloothommeltje	kloothommel:n
opscheep	opschepen:v
opscheepte	opschepen:v
opscheept	opschepen:v
opscheepten	opschepen:v
opschepend	opschepen:v
opgescheept	opschepen:v
opgescheepte	opgescheept:a
reumatische	reumatisch:a
opstapel	opstapelen:v
opstapelde	opstapelen:v
opstapelt	opstapelen:v
opstapelden	opstapelen:v
opstapelend	opstapelen:v
opgestapeld	opstapelen:v
verdraaglijker	verdraaglijk:a
verdraaglijkst	verdraaglijk:a
verdraaglijke	verdraaglijk:a
verdraaglijkere	verdraaglijk:a
verdraaglijkste	verdraaglijk:a
onverdraaglijker	onverdraaglijk:a
onverdraaglijkst	onverdraaglijk:a
onverdraaglijke	onverdraaglijk:a
onverdraaglijkere	onverdraaglijk:a
onverdraaglijkste	onverdraaglijk:a
sjouw	sjouwen:v
sjouwde	sjouwen:v
sjouwt	sjouwen:v
sjouwden	sjouwen:v
sjouwend	sjouwen:v
gesjouwd	sjouwen:v
gelukskoekjes	gelukskoekje:n
reducere	reduceren:v
arrogants	arrogant:a
bloembladeren	bloemblad:n
bloembladen	bloemblad:n
bloemblaadje	bloemblad:n
volslagener	volslagen:a
volslagenst	volslagen:a
volslagenste	volslagen:a
nomenclaturen	nomenclatuur:n
boekenwurmen	boekenwurm:n
boekenwurmpje	boekenwurm:n
aanpap	aanpappen:v
aanpapte	aanpappen:v
aanpapt	aanpappen:v
aanpapten	aanpappen:v
aanpappend	aanpappen:v
aangepapt	aanpappen:v
papte	pappen:v
papt	pappen:v
papten	pappen:v
pappend	pappen:v
gepapt	pappen:v
armoedzaaiers	armoedzaaier:n
armoedzaaiertje	armoedzaaier:n
ongehoorder	ongehoord:a
ongehoordst	ongehoord:a
ongehoorde	ongehoord:a
ongehoordere	ongehoord:a
ongehoordste	ongehoord:a
egoïsten	egoïst:n
egoïstje	egoïst:n
egoïstischer	egoïstisch:a
egoïstischt	egoïstisch:a
egoïstische	egoïstisch:a
egoïstischere	egoïstisch:a
egoïstischte	egoïstisch:a
blaak	blaken:v
blaakte	blaken:v
blaakt	blaken:v
blaakten	blaken:v
blakend	blaken:v
geblaakt	blaken:v
bedingen	beding:n
opticiens	opticien:n
alcoholisten	alcoholist:n
alcoholistje	alcoholist:n
diabetici	diabeticus:n
diabeticusje	diabeticus:n
diabeten	diabeet:n
diabeetje	diabeet:n
gozers	gozer:n
gozertje	gozer:n
atleetje	atleet:n
automatismen	automatisme:n
automatismetje	automatisme:n
zied	zieden:v
zood	zieden:v
ziedt	zieden:v
zoden	zieden:v|zode:n
ziedend	zieden:v
gezoden	zieden:v
ziedde	zieden:v
ziedden	zieden:v
gezied	zieden:v
coloradokevers	coloradokever:n
coloradokevertje	coloradokever:n
moraalwetenschappen	moraalwetenschap:n
moraliteiten	moraliteit:n
moraliteitje	moraliteit:n
ontgas	ontgassen:v
ontgaste	ontgassen:v
ontgast	ontgassen:v
ontgasten	ontgassen:v
ontgassend	ontgassen:v
Hagenezen	Hagenees:n
Hageneesje	Hagenees:n
muteer	muteren:v
muteerde	muteren:v
muteert	muteren:v
muteerden	muteren:v
muterend	muteren:v
gemuteerd	muteren:v
mutaties	mutatie:n
mutatietje	mutatie:n
bunders	bunder:n
isogene	isogeen:a
huidtransplantaties	huidtransplantatie:n
transplantaties	transplantatie:n
transplantatietje	transplantatie:n
transplanteer	transplanteren:v
transplanteerde	transplanteren:v
transplanteert	transplanteren:v
transplanteerden	transplanteren:v
transplanterend	transplanteren:v
getransplanteerd	transplanteren:v
renegeer	renegeren:v
renegeerde	renegeren:v
renegeert	renegeren:v
renegeerden	renegeren:v
renegerend	renegeren:v
gerenegeerd	renegeren:v
renegaten	renegaat:n
renegaatje	renegaat:n
afval	afvallen:v
afviel	afvallen:v
afvalt	afvallen:v
afvielen	afvallen:v
afvallend	afvallen:v
afgevallen	afvallen:v
fysiotherapieën	fysiotherapie:n
fysiotherapeuten	fysiotherapeut:n
fysiotherapeutje	fysiotherapeut:n
stapele	stapelen:v
kinesisten	kinesist:n
kinesistje	kinesist:n
heilgymnasten	heilgymnast:n
heilgymnastje	heilgymnast:n
trommele	trommelen:v
trommelt	trommelen:v
vertone	vertonen:v
parketten	parket:n
parketje	parket:n
tippe	tippen:v
beschuldige	beschuldigen:v
inboet	inboeten:v
inboette	inboeten:v
inboetten	inboeten:v
inboetend	inboeten:v
ingeboet	inboeten:v
constitueer	constitueren:v
constitueerde	constitueren:v
constitueert	constitueren:v
constitueerden	constitueren:v
constituerend	constitueren:v
geconstitueerd	constitueren:v
manifesteer	manifesteren:v
manifesteerde	manifesteren:v
manifesteert	manifesteren:v
manifesteerden	manifesteren:v
manifesterend	manifesteren:v
gemanifesteerd	manifesteren:v
calorische	calorisch:a
aristocratischer	aristocratisch:a
aristocratischt	aristocratisch:a
aristocratische	aristocratisch:a
aristocratischere	aristocratisch:a
aristocratischte	aristocratisch:a
wasserijen	wasserij:n
wasserijtje	wasserij:n
huichelaars	huichelaar:n
huichelaartje	huichelaar:n
huichel	huichelen:v
huichelde	huichelen:v
huichelt	huichelen:v
huichelden	huichelen:v
huichelend	huichelen:v
gehuicheld	huichelen:v
schijnheiligen	schijnheilige:n
bedanke	bedanken:v
beklage	beklagen:v
hilarischer	hilarisch:a
hilarischt	hilarisch:a
hilarische	hilarisch:a
hilarischere	hilarisch:a
hilarischte	hilarisch:a
vrolijkheden	vrolijkheid:n
vrolijkheidje	vrolijkheid:n
homologaties	homologatie:n
glaciologen	glacioloog:n
glacioloogje	glacioloog:n
glaciale	glaciaal:a
glacialen	glaciaal:n
glaciaties	glaciatie:n
glaceer	glaceren:v
glaceerde	glaceren:v
glaceert	glaceren:v
glaceerden	glaceren:v
glacerend	glaceren:v
geglaceerd	glaceren:v
moppe	moppen:v
reguliere	regulier:a
verwelke	verwelken:v
kerkgebruiken	kerkgebruik:n
nikkelstukken	nikkelstuk:n
nikkelstukje	nikkelstuk:n
bouwwerven	bouwwerf:n
bouwwerfje	bouwwerf:n
bouwterreinen	bouwterrein:n
bouwterreintje	bouwterrein:n
bouwplaatsen	bouwplaats:n
bouwplaatsje	bouwplaats:n
bondskisten	bondskist:n
bondskistje	bondskist:n
verbondsarken	verbondsark:n
verbondsarkje	verbondsark:n
vacaturebanken	vacaturebank:n
vacaturebankje	vacaturebank:n
soporatieve	soporatief:a
soporatieven	soporatief:n
soporatiefje	soporatief:n
soporeuse	soporeus:a
traceer	traceren:v
traceerde	traceren:v
traceert	traceren:v
traceerden	traceren:v
tracerend	traceren:v
getraceerd	traceren:v
slijterijen	slijterij:n
slijterijtje	slijterij:n
slijters	slijter:n
slijtertje	slijter:n
exposeer	exposeren:v
exposeerde	exposeren:v
exposeert	exposeren:v
exposeerden	exposeren:v
exposerend	exposeren:v
geëxposeerd	exposeren:v
toegankelijkheden	toegankelijkheid:n
toegankelijkheidje	toegankelijkheid:n
ambachtslieden	ambachtsman:n
ambachtslui	ambachtsman:n
ambachtsmannen	ambachtsman:n
ambachtsmannetje	ambachtsman:n
abonneer	abonneren:v
abonneerde	abonneren:v
abonneert	abonneren:v
abonneerden	abonneren:v
abonnerend	abonneren:v
geabonneerd	abonneren:v
prof.	professor:n
tobbers	tobber:n
tobbertje	tobber:n
tobberd	tobber:n
risees	risee:n
riseetje	risee:n
finishte	finishen:v
finisht	finishen:v
finishten	finishen:v
finishend	finishen:v
gefinisht	finishen:v
Wankelmotoren	Wankelmotor:n
Wankelmotors	Wankelmotor:n
Wankelmotortje	Wankelmotor:n
aandrijflijnen	aandrijflijn:n
aandrijflijntje	aandrijflijn:n
turboladers	turbolader:n
turboladertje	turbolader:n
luchtkoelers	luchtkoeler:n
luchtkoelertje	luchtkoeler:n
vliegwielen	vliegwiel:n
vliegwieltje	vliegwiel:n
veiligheidskooien	veiligheidskooi:n
veiligheidskooitje	veiligheidskooi:n
cardanassen	cardanas:n
cardanasje	cardanas:n
motorkappen	motorkap:n
motorkapje	motorkap:n
douairières	douairière:n
producere	produceren:v
kokers	koker:n
kokertje	koker:n
niete	nieten:v
verdichte	verdichten:v
chromosomale	chromosomaal:a
puntkomma's	puntkomma:n
puntkommaatje	puntkomma:n
paashazen	paashaas:n
paashaasje	paashaas:n
pruttel	pruttelen:v
pruttelde	pruttelen:v
pruttelt	pruttelen:v
pruttelden	pruttelen:v
pruttelend	pruttelen:v
geprutteld	pruttelen:v
rollerbanken	rollerbank:n
rollerbankje	rollerbank:n
gestellen	gestel:n
gestelletje	gestel:n
zenuwgestellen	zenuwgestel:n
zenuwgestelletje	zenuwgestel:n
taxatiën	taxatie:n
taxaties	taxatie:n
taxatietje	taxatie:n
taxeer	taxeren:v
taxeerde	taxeren:v
taxeert	taxeren:v
taxeerden	taxeren:v
taxerend	taxeren:v
getaxeerd	taxeren:v
sfeervoller	sfeervol:a
sfeervolst	sfeervol:a
sfeervolle	sfeervol:a
sfeervollere	sfeervol:a
sfeervolste	sfeervol:a
paardmensen	paardmens:n
paardmensje	paardmens:n
smacht	smachten:v
smachtte	smachten:v
smachtten	smachten:v
smachtend	smachten:v
gesmacht	smachten:v
cardiologische	cardiologisch:a
drammeriger	drammerig:a
drammerigst	drammerig:a
drammerige	drammerig:a
drammerigere	drammerig:a
drammerigste	drammerig:a
tijdgeesten	tijdgeest:n
tijdsgeest	tijdgeest:n
apoplexieën	apoplexie:n
bejubel	bejubelen:v
bejubelde	bejubelen:v
bejubelt	bejubelen:v
bejubelden	bejubelen:v
bejubelend	bejubelen:v
bejubeld	bejubelen:v
verguis	verguizen:v
verguisde	verguizen:v
verguist	verguizen:v
verguisden	verguizen:v
verguizend	verguizen:v
verguisd	verguizen:v
mesjogger	mesjogge:a
mesjoggest	mesjogge:a
mesjoggere	mesjogge:a
mesjoggeste	mesjogge:a
triomfanter	triomfant:a
triomfantst	triomfant:a
triomfante	triomfant:a
triomfantere	triomfant:a
triomfantste	triomfant:a
triomfantelijker	triomfantelijk:a
triomfantelijkst	triomfantelijk:a
triomfantelijke	triomfantelijk:a
triomfantelijkere	triomfantelijk:a
triomfantelijkste	triomfantelijk:a
triomfen	triomf:n
triomfje	triomf:n
triomfeer	triomferen:v
triomfeerde	triomferen:v
triomfeert	triomferen:v
triomfeerden	triomferen:v
triomferend	triomferen:v
getriomfeerd	triomferen:v
triomfbogen	triomfboog:n
triomfboogje	triomfboog:n
zuigertje	zuiger:n
vermolm	vermolmen:v
vermolmde	vermolmen:v
vermolmt	vermolmen:v
vermolmden	vermolmen:v
vermolmend	vermolmen:v
vermolmd	vermolmen:v
kattengaten	kattengat:n
kattengaatje	kattengat:n
conservatoriums	conservatorium:n
conservatoria	conservatorium:n
conservatoriumpje	conservatorium:n
arroseer	arroseren:v
arroseerde	arroseren:v
arroseert	arroseren:v
arroseerden	arroseren:v
arroserend	arroseren:v
gearroseerd	arroseren:v
omfloers	omfloersen:v
omfloerste	omfloersen:v
omfloerst	omfloersen:v
omfloersten	omfloersen:v
omfloersend	omfloersen:v
floersen	floers:n
floersje	floers:n
oogschaduwen	oogschaduw:n
oogschaduwtje	oogschaduw:n
wespentailles	wespentaille:n
wespentailletje	wespentaille:n
poolberen	poolbeer:n
poolbeertje	poolbeer:n
horizontaler	horizontaal:a
horizontaalst	horizontaal:a
horizontale	horizontaal:a
horizontalere	horizontaal:a
horizontaalste	horizontaal:a
spijkertje	spijker:n
Haarlemmers	Haarlemmer:n|Haarlemmer:a
Haarlemmertje	Haarlemmer:n
fielten	fielt:n
fieltje	fielt:n
raasde	razen:v
raast	razen:v
raasden	razen:v
geraasd	razen:v
cacaobonen	cacaoboon:n
cacaoboontje	cacaoboon:n
vadermoorden	vadermoord:n
vadermoordje	vadermoord:n
lobotomieën	lobotomie:n
lobotomietje	lobotomie:n
leukotomieën	leukotomie:n
waad	waden:v
waadde	waden:v
waadt	waden:v
waadden	waden:v
wadend	waden:v
doorwaadbaarder	doorwaadbaar:a
doorwaadbaarst	doorwaadbaar:a
doorwaadbare	doorwaadbaar:a
doorwaadbaardere	doorwaadbaar:a
doorwaadbaarste	doorwaadbaar:a
amfotere	amfoteer:a
amforen	amfoor:n
amfoortje	amfoor:n
piepa's	piepa:n
piepaatje	piepa:n
capituleer	capituleren:v
capituleerde	capituleren:v
capituleert	capituleren:v
capituleerden	capituleren:v
capitulerend	capituleren:v
gecapituleerd	capituleren:v
laadschoppen	laadschop:n
laadschopje	laadschop:n
bijschriften	bijschrift:n
bijschriftje	bijschrift:n
kratsen	krats:n
kratsje	krats:n
paasfeesten	paasfeest:n
paasfeestje	paasfeest:n
paasdagen	paasdag:n
paasdagje	paasdag:n
manicuur	manicuren:v
manicuurde	manicuren:v
manicuurt	manicuren:v
manicuurden	manicuren:v
manicurend	manicuren:v
gemanicuurd	manicuren:v
incongruenties	incongruentie:n
congruenties	congruentie:n
onderbrekingen	onderbreking:n
onderbrekinkje	onderbreking:n
toilettassen	toilettas:n
toilettasje	toilettas:n
zymogene	zymogeen:a
degustaties	degustatie:n
degustatietje	degustatie:n
moedermoorden	moedermoord:n
moedermoordje	moedermoord:n
parricidia	parricidium:n
parricidiums	parricidium:n
liefdadiger	liefdadig:a
liefdadigst	liefdadig:a
liefdadige	liefdadig:a
liefdadigere	liefdadig:a
liefdadigste	liefdadig:a
fabrieksmatiger	fabrieksmatig:a
fabrieksmatigst	fabrieksmatig:a
fabrieksmatige	fabrieksmatig:a
fabrieksmatigere	fabrieksmatig:a
fabrieksmatigste	fabrieksmatig:a
draagkoetsen	draagkoets:n
draagkoetsje	draagkoets:n
uitvoerbaarder	uitvoerbaar:a
uitvoerbaarst	uitvoerbaar:a
uitvoerbare	uitvoerbaar:a
uitvoerbaardere	uitvoerbaar:a
uitvoerbaarste	uitvoerbaar:a
aanlig	aanliggen:v
aanlag	aanliggen:v
aanligt	aanliggen:v
aanlagen	aanliggen:v
aanliggend	aanliggen:v
gemoet	gemoeten:v
gemoette	gemoeten:v
gemoetten	gemoeten:v
gemoetend	gemoeten:v
bezweer	bezweren:v
bezwoer	bezweren:v
bezweert	bezweren:v
bezwoeren	bezweren:v
bezwerend	bezweren:v
bezworen	bezweren:v
ingraaf	ingraven:v
ingroef	ingraven:v
ingraaft	ingraven:v
ingroeven	ingraven:v
ingravend	ingraven:v
ingegraven	ingraven:v
inslaap	inslapen:v
insliep	inslapen:v
inslaapt	inslapen:v
insliepen	inslapen:v
inslapend	inslapen:v
ingeslapen	inslapen:v
uitslaap	uitslapen:v
uitsliep	uitslapen:v
uitslaapt	uitslapen:v
uitsliepen	uitslapen:v
uitslapend	uitslapen:v
uitgeslapen	uitslapen:v
overspan	overspannen:v
overspande	overspannen:v
overspant	overspannen:v
overspanden	overspannen:v
overspannend	overspannen:v
overspannener	overspannen:a
overspannenst	overspannen:a
overspannenste	overspannen:a
overspanningen	overspanning:n
overspanninkje	overspanning:n
uitblink	uitblinken:v
uitblonk	uitblinken:v
uitblinkt	uitblinken:v
uitblonken	uitblinken:v
uitblinkend	uitblinken:v
uitgeblonken	uitblinken:v
instink	instinken:v
instonk	instinken:v
instinkt	instinken:v
instonken	instinken:v
instinkend	instinken:v
ingestonken	instinken:v
bekoop	bekopen:v
bekocht	bekopen:v
bekoopt	bekopen:v
bekochten	bekopen:v
bekopend	bekopen:v
Austronesische	Austronesisch:a
muskietennetten	muskietennet:n
muskietennetje	muskietennet:n
muskieten	muskiet:n
muskietje	muskiet:n
uitput	uitputten:v
uitputte	uitputten:v
uitputtend	uitputten:v
uitgeput	uitputten:v
Saksen	Saks:n
lempers	lemper:n
lempertje	lemper:n
berichte	berichten:v
onderzeeërs	onderzeeër:n
onderzeeërtje	onderzeeër:n
boogschutters	boogschutter:n
boogschuttertje	boogschutter:n
scandeer	scanderen:v
scandeerde	scanderen:v
scandeert	scanderen:v
scandeerden	scanderen:v
scanderend	scanderen:v
gescandeerd	scanderen:v
najaag	najagen:v
najoeg	najagen:v
najaagt	najagen:v
najoegen	najagen:v
najagend	najagen:v
nagejaagd	najagen:v
najaagde	najagen:v
najaagden	najagen:v
epigrammatisten	epigrammatist:n
doorboor	doorboren:v
doorboorde	doorboren:v
doorboort	doorboren:v
doorboorden	doorboren:v
doorborend	doorboren:v
doorboord	doorboren:v
doorgeboord	doorboren:v
belhamels	belhamel:n
belhameltje	belhamel:n
rolle	rollen:v
lulle	lullen:v
amuseer	amuseren:v
amuseerde	amuseren:v
amuseert	amuseren:v
amuseerden	amuseren:v
amuserend	amuseren:v
geamuseerd	amuseren:v
'r	haar:r
d'r	haar:r|er:d
openga	opengaan:v
openging	opengaan:v
opengaat	opengaan:v
opengingen	opengaan:v
opengaand	opengaan:v
opengegaan	opengaan:v
spaties	spatie:n
spatietje	spatie:n
spatiebalken	spatiebalk:n
spatiebalkje	spatiebalk:n
metamorfosen	metamorfose:n
metamorfoses	metamorfose:n
metamorfosetje	metamorfose:n
schietloden	schietlood:n
schietloodje	schietlood:n
krijtend	krijten:v
gekreten	krijten:v
krijtte	krijten:v
krijtten	krijten:v
gekrijt	krijten:v
strik	strikken:v
strikten	strikken:v
strikkend	strikken:v
gestrikt	strikken:v
strikken	strik:n
logaritmen	logaritme:n
logaritmetje	logaritme:n
asymptomatische	asymptomatisch:a
pimpelmezen	pimpelmees:n
pimpelmeesje	pimpelmees:n
infantieler	infantiel:a
infantielst	infantiel:a
infantiele	infantiel:a
infantielere	infantiel:a
infantielste	infantiel:a
liept	lopen:v
uitzetten	uitzet:n
uitzetje	uitzet:n
doorloop	doorlopen:v
doorliep	doorlopen:v
doorloopt	doorlopen:v
doorliepen	doorlopen:v
doorlopend	doorlopen:v
doorgelopen	doorlopen:v
doorliepe	doorlopen:v
doorlopen	doorloop:n
doorloopje	doorloop:n
doorlope	doorlopen:v
doorliept	doorlopen:v
alledaagsheden	alledaagsheid:n
alledaagsheidje	alledaagsheid:n
Here	Heer:m
sms'je	sms:n
farmde	farmen:v
farmt	farmen:v
farmden	farmen:v
farmend	farmen:v
gefarmd	farmen:v
interviewe	interviewen:v
verkoudener	verkouden:a
verkoudenst	verkouden:a
verkoudenste	verkouden:a
verkoud	verkouden:v
verkoudde	verkouden:v
verkoudt	verkouden:v
verkoudden	verkouden:v
verkoudend	verkouden:v
woordspelingen	woordspeling:n
woordspelinkje	woordspeling:n
wapper	wapperen:v
wapperde	wapperen:v
wappert	wapperen:v
wapperden	wapperen:v
wapperend	wapperen:v
gewapperd	wapperen:v
wappere	wapperen:v
aanpak	aanpakken:v
aanpakte	aanpakken:v
aanpakt	aanpakken:v
aanpakten	aanpakken:v
aanpakkend	aanpakken:v
aangepakt	aanpakken:v
Slavischer	Slavisch:a
Slavischt	Slavisch:a
Slavischere	Slavisch:a
Slavischte	Slavisch:a
oelewappers	oelewapper:n
oelewappertje	oelewapper:n
bekke	bekken:v
nijg	nijgen:v
neeg	nijgen:v
nijgt	nijgen:v
nijgend	nijgen:v
nijger	nijg:a
nijgst	nijg:a
neegt	nijgen:v
nijge	nijgen:v
amazones	amazone:n
proflecteer	proflecteren:v
proflecteerde	proflecteren:v
proflecteert	proflecteren:v
proflecteerden	proflecteren:v
proflecterend	proflecteren:v
geproflecteerd	proflecteren:v
zijg	zijgen:v
zeeg	zijgen:v
zijgt	zijgen:v
zijgend	zijgen:v
gezegen	zijgen:v
zeegt	zijgen:v
zijge	zijgen:v
opene	openen:v
roddelde	roddelen:v
roddelt	roddelen:v
roddelden	roddelen:v
roddelend	roddelen:v
geroddeld	roddelen:v
schokkender	schokkend:a
schokkendst	schokkend:a
schokkendere	schokkend:a
schokkendste	schokkend:a
taalkundiger	taalkundig:a
taalkundigst	taalkundig:a
taalkundigere	taalkundig:a
taalkundigste	taalkundig:a
trommelde	trommelen:v
trommelden	trommelen:v
trommelend	trommelen:v
getrommeld	trommelen:v
groete	groeten:v
verhoge	verhogen:v
vielt	vallen:v
noop	nopen:v
noopte	nopen:v
noopt	nopen:v
noopten	nopen:v
nopend	nopen:v
genoopt	nopen:v
intervenieer	interveniëren:v
intervenieerde	interveniëren:v
intervenieert	interveniëren:v
intervenieerden	interveniëren:v
interveniërend	interveniëren:v
geïntervenieerd	interveniëren:v
deelgenoten	deelgenoot:n
deelgenootje	deelgenoot:n
Mongooltje	Mongool:n
agogieken	agogiek:n
ijlde	ijlen:v
ijlt	ijlen:v
ijlden	ijlen:v
ijlend	ijlen:v
geijld	ijlen:v
prolongeer	prolongeren:v
prolongeerde	prolongeren:v
prolongeert	prolongeren:v
prolongeerden	prolongeren:v
prolongerend	prolongeren:v
geprolongeerd	prolongeren:v
prolongaties	prolongatie:n
waarschuwe	waarschuwen:v
sneeuwe	sneeuwen:v
regene	regenen:v
gevatter	gevat:a
gevatst	gevat:a
gevatte	gevat:a
gevattere	gevat:a
gevatste	gevat:a
tijgerinnen	tijgerin:n
tijgerinnetje	tijgerin:n
prolongere	prolongeren:v
smeed	smeden:v
smeedde	smeden:v
smeedt	smeden:v
smeedden	smeden:v
smedend	smeden:v
gesmeed	smeden:v
begiftige	begiftigen:v
oefene	oefenen:v
beoefene	beoefenen:v
vrete	vreten:v
vrate	vreten:v
aaie	aaien:v
vermoei	vermoeien:v
vermoeit	vermoeien:v
vermoeiden	vermoeien:v
vermoeiend	vermoeien:v
vermoeie	vermoeien:v
zate	zitten:v
luistere	luisteren:v
bespele	bespelen:v
voele	voelen:v
kanslozer	kansloos:a
kansloost	kansloos:a
kansloze	kansloos:a
kanslozere	kansloos:a
kanslooste	kansloos:a
onomkeerbaarder	onomkeerbaar:a
onomkeerbaarst	onomkeerbaar:a
onomkeerbare	onomkeerbaar:a
onomkeerbaardere	onomkeerbaar:a
onomkeerbaarste	onomkeerbaar:a
bewondere	bewonderen:v
ontferm	ontfermen:v
ontfermde	ontfermen:v
ontfermt	ontfermen:v
ontfermden	ontfermen:v
ontfermend	ontfermen:v
ontfermd	ontfermen:v
ongeziene	ongezien:a
algehele	algeheel:a
reize	reizen:v
hoepels	hoepel:n
hoepeltje	hoepel:n
hoepel	hoepelen:v
uitsparingen	uitsparing:n
uitsparinkje	uitsparing:n
rioleer	rioleren:v
rioleerde	rioleren:v
rioleert	rioleren:v
rioleerden	rioleren:v
riolerend	rioleren:v
gerioleerd	rioleren:v
smede	smeden:v
riolere	rioleren:v
boodt	bieden:v
vondt	vinden:v
vonde	vinden:v
schonke	schenken:v
schonkt	schenken:v
schenke	schenken:v
verbrande	verbranden:v|verbrand:v
verbondt	verbinden:v
verbinde	verbinden:v
verbonde	verbinden:v
verhale	verhalen:v
hielpe	helpen:v
hielpt	helpen:v
splinternieuwer	splinternieuw:a
splinternieuwe	splinternieuw:a
splinternieuwere	splinternieuw:a
splinternieuwste	splinternieuw:a
baanbrekende	baanbrekend:a
beschrijve	beschrijven:v
achterplannen	achterplan:n
achterplannetje	achterplan:n
Roomser	Rooms:a
Roomse	Rooms:a
Roomsere	Rooms:a
Roomste	Rooms:a
margrieten	margriet:n
margrietje	margriet:n
madelieven	madelief:n
madeliefje	madelief:n
glimwormen	glimworm:n
glimwormpje	glimworm:n
glimme	glimmen:v
glomt	glimmen:v
maatbekers	maatbeker:n
maatbekertje	maatbeker:n
vlootvoogden	vlootvoogd:n
doofpotten	doofpot:n
doofpotje	doofpot:n
kijkers	kijker:n
kijkertje	kijker:n
luierde	luieren:v
luiert	luieren:v
luierden	luieren:v
luierend	luieren:v
geluierd	luieren:v
keure	keur:n|keuren:v
herover	heroveren:v
heroverde	heroveren:v
herovert	heroveren:v
heroverden	heroveren:v
heroverend	heroveren:v
heroverd	heroveren:v
aanspoel	aanspoelen:v
aanspoelde	aanspoelen:v
aanspoelt	aanspoelen:v
aanspoelden	aanspoelen:v
aanspoelend	aanspoelen:v
aangespoeld	aanspoelen:v
wolvinnen	wolvin:n
wolvinnetje	wolvin:n
schaapsherders	schaapsherder:n
schaapsherdertje	schaapsherder:n
staatkundiger	staatkundig:a
staatkundigst	staatkundig:a
staatkundige	staatkundig:a
staatkundigere	staatkundig:a
staatkundigste	staatkundig:a
richte	richten:v
ontwierpt	ontwerpen:v
ontwerpe	ontwerpen:v
ontwierpe	ontwerpen:v
aftast	aftasten:v
aftastte	aftasten:v
aftastten	aftasten:v
aftastend	aftasten:v
afgetast	aftasten:v
geleien	gelei:n
geleitje	gelei:n
kochte	kopen:v
Sabijnen	Sabijn:n
Sabijntje	Sabijn:n
vredesverdragen	vredesverdrag:n
vredesverdragje	vredesverdrag:n
godvruchtiger	godvruchtig:a
godvruchtigst	godvruchtig:a
godvruchtige	godvruchtig:a
godvruchtigere	godvruchtig:a
godvruchtigste	godvruchtig:a
oorlogszuchtiger	oorlogszuchtig:a
oorlogszuchtigst	oorlogszuchtig:a
oorlogszuchtige	oorlogszuchtig:a
oorlogszuchtigere	oorlogszuchtig:a
oorlogszuchtigste	oorlogszuchtig:a
oorlogszuchtigheden	oorlogszuchtigheid:n
Trojanen	Trojaan:n
Trojaantje	Trojaan:n
Trojaanse	Trojaans:a
Romeinen	Romein:n
Romeintje	Romein:n
Romeinsen	Romeinse:n
herovere	heroveren:v
spoele	spoelen:v
afzetten	afzet:n
farmacologen	farmacoloog:n
farmacoloogje	farmacoloog:n
zoge	zuigen:v|zogen:v
voede	voeden:v
plaatse	plaatsen:v|plaats:n
ontsteke	ontsteken:v
ontstaakt	ontsteken:v
ontstake	ontsteken:v
vermoorde	vermoorden:v
markere	markeren:v
beklede	bekleden:v
bestede	besteden:v
behage	behagen:v
verniele	vernielen:v
bemoeie	bemoeien:v
dronke	drinken:v
dronkt	drinken:v
sjouwe	sjouwen:v
verwierve	verwerven:v
verwierft	verwerven:v
verwerve	verwerven:v
verwekke	verwekken:v
verwierpe	verwerpen:v
verwerpe	verwerpen:v
verwierpt	verwerpen:v
sperre	sperren:v
versperre	versperren:v
farme	farmen:v
schakers	schaker:n
schakertje	schaker:n
vrooms	vroom:a
etalagepoppen	etalagepop:n
etalagepopje	etalagepop:n
hadt	hebben:v
zulle	zullen:v
zullen	zulle:n
zulletje	zulle:n
zoudt	zullen:v
zoude	zullen:v
konde	kunnen:v|kunde:n|kond:a
wandelpaden	wandelpad:n
wandelpaadje	wandelpad:n
mondharmonica's	mondharmonica:n
mondharmonicaatje	mondharmonica:n
rondjes	rondje:n
baarmoederhalzen	baarmoederhals:n
baarmoederhalsje	baarmoederhals:n
sterrenwichelaars	sterrenwichelaar:n
sterrenwichelaartje	sterrenwichelaar:n
sterrenwichelarijen	sterrenwichelarij:n
wichelaars	wichelaar:n
astrologen	astroloog:n
astroloogje	astroloog:n
schranste	schransen:v
schransten	schransen:v
schransend	schransen:v
geschranst	schransen:v
wandele	wandelen:v
schranze	schranzen:v
schranse	schransen:v
IP-adressen	IP-adres:n
IP-adresje	IP-adres:n
poëtischer	poëtisch:a
poëtische	poëtisch:a
poëtischere	poëtisch:a
briefopeners	briefopener:n
briefopenertje	briefopener:n
islamitischer	islamitisch:a
islamitischt	islamitisch:a
islamitische	islamitisch:a
islamitischere	islamitisch:a
islamitischte	islamitisch:a
zwavelzuurhydraten	zwavelzuurhydraat:n
uitgroei	uitgroeien:v
uitgroeide	uitgroeien:v
uitgroeit	uitgroeien:v
uitgroeiden	uitgroeien:v
uitgroeiend	uitgroeien:v
uitgegroeid	uitgroeien:v
verwaarloosde	verwaarlozen:v
verwaarloost	verwaarlozen:v
verwaarloosden	verwaarlozen:v
verwaarlozend	verwaarlozen:v
verwaarloosd	verwaarlozen:v
hervorm	hervormen:v
hervormde	hervormen:v|hervormd:a
hervormt	hervormen:v
hervormden	hervormen:v
hervormend	hervormen:v
hervormd	hervormen:v
patriciërs	patriciër:n
patriciërtje	patriciër:n
plebejers	plebejer:n
plebejertje	plebejer:n
expansiever	expansief:a
expansiefst	expansief:a
expansieve	expansief:a
expansievere	expansief:a
expansiefste	expansief:a
oorloog	oorlogen:v
oorloogde	oorlogen:v
oorloogt	oorlogen:v
oorloogden	oorlogen:v
oorlogend	oorlogen:v
geoorloogd	oorlogen:v
patricische	patricisch:a
soldijen	soldij:n
soldijtje	soldij:n
uitbetaal	uitbetalen:v
uitbetaalde	uitbetalen:v
uitbetaalt	uitbetalen:v
uitbetaalden	uitbetalen:v
uitbetalend	uitbetalen:v
uitbetaald	uitbetalen:v
Galliërs	Galliër:n
Galliërtje	Galliër:n
Gallischer	Gallisch:a
Gallischt	Gallisch:a
Gallische	Gallisch:a
Gallischere	Gallisch:a
Gallischte	Gallisch:a
tegenslagen	tegenslag:n
tegenslagje	tegenslag:n
pyrrhusoverwinning	pyrrusoverwinning:n
spreekgestoelten	spreekgestoelte:n
spreekgestoeltes	spreekgestoelte:n
spreekgestoeltje	spreekgestoelte:n
afgezaagder	afgezaagd:a
afgezaagdst	afgezaagd:a
afgezaagde	afgezaagd:a
afgezaagdere	afgezaagd:a
afgezaagdste	afgezaagd:a
ramstevens	ramsteven:n
buitmaak	buitmaken:v
buitmaakte	buitmaken:v
buitmaakt	buitmaken:v
buitmaakten	buitmaken:v
buitmakend	buitmaken:v
buitgemaakt	buitmaken:v
Carthaagse	Carthaags:a
Feniciërs	Feniciër:n
Feniciërtje	Feniciër:n
Phoeniciër	Feniciër:n
Carthagers	Carthager:n
Carthagertje	Carthager:n
Numidiërs	Numidiër:n
Numidiërtje	Numidiër:n
Numidische	Numidisch:a
legioenen	legioen:n
legioentje	legioen:n
hervormingen	hervorming:n
hervorminkje	hervorming:n
legionairs	legionair:n
legionairtje	legionair:n
legionaire	legionair:a
ondermijn	ondermijnen:v
ondermijnde	ondermijnen:v
ondermijnt	ondermijnen:v
ondermijnden	ondermijnen:v
ondermijnend	ondermijnen:v
ondermijnd	ondermijnen:v
ondergraaf	ondergraven:v
ondergroef	ondergraven:v
ondergraaft	ondergraven:v
ondergroeven	ondergraven:v
ondergravend	ondergraven:v
imkers	imker:n
imkertje	imker:n
imker	imkeren:v
bevolke	bevolken:v
huisveste	huisvesten:v
adoptere	adopteren:v
beheerse	beheersen:v
hervorme	hervormen:v
advisere	adviseren:v
plundere	plunderen:v
verloort	verliezen:v
verlieze	verliezen:v
verlore	verliezen:v
verplettere	verpletteren:v
belegere	belegeren:v
overwont	overwinnen:v
overwonne	overwinnen:v
overwinne	overwinnen:v
ondermijne	ondermijnen:v
ondergroeft	ondergraven:v
ondergroeve	ondergraven:v
ondergrave	ondergraven:v
sloegt	slaan:v
sloege	slaan:v
gingt	gaan:v
woudt	willen:v
woude	willen:v
zeggetje	zegge:n
zegge	zeggen:v
zeidt	zeggen:v
mochte	mogen:v
houde	houden:v
hieldt	houden:v
hielde	houden:v
stondt	staan:v
stonde	staan:v
wezend	wezen:v
pyrrusoverwinningen	pyrrusoverwinning:n
pyrrusoverwinninkje	pyrrusoverwinning:n
gvd'e	gvd'en:v
versloegt	verslaan:v
versloege	verslaan:v
besloegt	beslaan:v
besloege	beslaan:v
ontsloegt	ontslaan:v
ontsloege	ontslaan:v
vermoogt	vermogen:v
vermochte	vermogen:v
vermoge	vermogen:v
echoë	echoën:v
skië	skiën:v
ontzegge	ontzeggen:v
ontzeidt	ontzeggen:v
ontzeide	ontzeggen:v
sms'e	sms'en:v
alpineskië	alpineskiën:v
bestondt	bestaan:v
bestonde	bestaan:v
verstonde	verstaan:v
verstondt	verstaan:v
ontstondt	ontstaan:v
ontstonde	ontstaan:v
doorstondt	doorstaan:v
doorstonde	doorstaan:v
volstondt	volstaan:v
volstonde	volstaan:v
weerstondt	weerstaan:v
weerstonde	weerstaan:v
ondergingt	ondergaan:v
onderginge	ondergaan:v
vergingt	vergaan:v
verginge	vergaan:v
begingt	begaan:v
beginge	begaan:v
ontgingt	ontgaan:v
ontginge	ontgaan:v
onderhoude	onderhouden:v
onderhieldt	onderhouden:v
onderhielde	onderhouden:v
weerhoude	weerhouden:v
weerhieldt	weerhouden:v
weerhielde	weerhouden:v
onthoude	onthouden:v
onthieldt	onthouden:v
onthielde	onthouden:v
stadse	stads:a
livreien	livrei:n
behieldt	behouden:v
behoude	behouden:v
behielde	behouden:v
voorwassen	voorwas:n
voorwasje	voorwas:n
voorzij	voorzijde:n
bekome	bekomen:v
bezaagt	bezien:v
bezage	bezien:v
bezies	bezie:n
beziën	bezie:n
bezietje	bezie:n
deedt	doen:v
doorzage	doorzien:v
doorzaagt	doorzien:v
herzage	herzien:v
herzaagt	herzien:v
inzages	inzage:n
moete	moeten:v
plebeïscher	plebeïsch:a
plebeïscht	plebeïsch:a
plebeïsche	plebeïsch:a
plebeïschere	plebeïsch:a
plebeïschte	plebeïsch:a
ontkwame	ontkomen:v
ontkwaamt	ontkomen:v
ontkome	ontkomen:v
ontzaagt	ontzien:v
ontzage	ontzien:v
overkwame	overkomen:v
overkwaamt	overkomen:v
overkome	overkomen:v
schrikbewinden	schrikbewind:n
schrikbewindje	schrikbewind:n
ruilde	ruilen:v
ruilt	ruilen:v
ruilden	ruilen:v
ruilend	ruilen:v
geruild	ruilen:v
voldeedt	voldoen:v
voldede	voldoen:v
voorkwaamt	voorkomen:v
voorkwame	voorkomen:v
voorzaagt	voorzien:v
voorzage	voorzien:v
wete	weten:v|wijten:v
zage	zien:v|zagen:v
uithuwelijk	uithuwelijken:v
uithuwelijkte	uithuwelijken:v
uithuwelijkt	uithuwelijken:v
uithuwelijkten	uithuwelijken:v
uithuwelijkend	uithuwelijken:v
uitgehuwelijkt	uithuwelijken:v
uithuwen	uithuwelijken:v
bedroege	bedragen:v
bedroegt	bedragen:v
begrave	begraven:v
begroeft	begraven:v
begroeve	begraven:v
droegt	dragen:v
droege	dragen:v
ervoert	ervaren:v
ervoere	ervaren:v
ervare	ervaren:v
heersers	heerser:n
heersertje	heerser:n
verdroege	verdragen:v
verdrage	verdragen:v
verdroegt	verdragen:v
heerseres	heerser:n
bedrage	bedragen:v|bedrag:n
slabakte	slabakken:v
slabakt	slabakken:v
slabakten	slabakken:v
slabakkend	slabakken:v
geslabakt	slabakken:v
aanbidde	aanbidden:v
aanbade	aanbidden:v
aanbaadt	aanbidden:v
aantredes	aantrede:n
aantreden	aantrede:n
aantredetje	aantrede:n
begaaft	begeven:v
begave	begeven:v
begeve	begeven:v
belaast	belezen:v
beleze	belezen:v
belaze	belezen:v
betrede	betreden:v
betrade	betreden:v
betraadt	betreden:v
bezitte	bezitten:v
bezate	bezitten:v
bidde	bidden:v
genaze	genezen:v
geneze	genezen:v
genaast	genezen:v|naasten:v
verbeuzel	verbeuzelen:v
verbeuzelde	verbeuzelen:v
verbeuzelt	verbeuzelen:v
verbeuzelden	verbeuzelen:v
verbeuzelend	verbeuzelen:v
verbeuzeld	verbeuzelen:v
verenige	verenigen:v
schrokt	schrikken:v|schrokken:v
schrokke	schrikken:v
schrokte	schrokken:v
schrokten	schrokken:v
schrokkend	schrokken:v
geschrokt	schrokken:v
schrikke	schrikken:v
ruile	ruilen:v
wissele	wisselen:v
verwissele	verwisselen:v
verslechtere	verslechteren:v
sneuvele	sneuvelen:v
eise	eisen:v
achtervolge	achtervolgen:v
heerse	heersen:v
overheerse	overheersen:v
slabakke	slabakken:v
vergezelle	vergezellen:v
verbeuzele	verbeuzelen:v
verspille	verspillen:v
traadt	treden:v
vergete	vergeten:v
vergaaft	vergeven:v
vergeve	vergeven:v
vergave	vergeven:v
besterve	besterven:v
bestierve	besterven:v
bestierft	besterven:v
bewoge	bewegen:v
bewoogt	bewegen:v
bezwoere	bezweren:v
bezwoert	bezweren:v
bezwere	bezweren:v
hieve	heffen:v
hieft	heffen:v
heffe	heffen:v
omzworven	omzwerven:v
omzwerve	omzwerven:v
omzwierft	omzwerven:v
omzwierve	omzwerven:v
onderwierpt	onderwerpen:v
onderwerpe	onderwerpen:v
onderwierpe	onderwerpen:v
overwoge	overwegen:v
overwoogt	overwegen:v
overwege	overwegen:v
schiepe	scheppen:v
scheppe	scheppen:v
schiept	scheppen:v
schere	scheren:v
schore	scheren:v
schoort	scheren:v
stierft	sterven:v
stierve	sterven:v
sterve	sterven:v
verhieve	verheffen:v
verhieft	verheffen:v
verheffe	verheffen:v
woge	wegen:v
woogt	wegen:v
wege	wegen:v|weg:n
wierpe	werpen:v
werpe	werpen:v
wierpt	werpen:v
werve	werven:v
wierve	werven:v
wierft	werven:v
werdt	worden:v
zeike	zeiken:v
zeekt	zeiken:v
zeke	zeiken:v
zwere	zweren:v
zwoert	zweren:v
zwoere	zweren:v
zwoort	zweren:v
zwore	zweren:v
zwierft	zwerven:v
zwierve	zwerven:v
zwerve	zwerven:v
aanroepen	aanroep:n
aanroepje	aanroep:n
behinge	behangen:v
behingt	behangen:v
behangetje	behang:n
behange	behangen:v
bevielt	bevallen:v
bevalle	bevallen:v
beviele	bevallen:v
bliest	blazen:v
blieze	blazen:v
hingt	hangen:v
hieuwt	houwen:v
houwe	houwen:v
hieuwe	houwen:v
ontliepe	ontlopen:v
ontliept	ontlopen:v
ontlope	ontlopen:v
ontvinge	ontvangen:v
ontvingt	ontvangen:v
oplopen	oploop:n
oploopje	oploop:n
overviele	overvallen:v
overvielt	overvallen:v
overvalletje	overval:n
overvalle	overvallen:v
riede	raden:v
riedt	raden:v
riepe	roepen:v
roepe	roepen:v
riept	roepen:v
sliepe	slapen:v
sliept	slapen:v
slape	slapen:v
stote	stoten:v
stiete	stoten:v
uitgelatener	uitgelaten:a
uitgelatenst	uitgelaten:a
uitroepje	uitroep:n
uitvallen	uitval:n
uitvalletje	uitval:n
vange	vangen:v
verliete	verlaten:v
verliepe	verlopen:v
verlope	verlopen:v
verliept	verlopen:v
verriede	verraden:v
verrade	verraden:v
verriedt	verraden:v
verstote	verstoten:v
verstiete	verstoten:v
vervielt	vervallen:v
verviele	vervallen:v
vervalle	vervallen:v
vervange	vervangen:v
vervingt	vervangen:v
vervinge	vervangen:v
vrijlaten	vrijlaat:n
wasse	wassen:v
wiest	wassen:v|wiezen:v
wiese	wassen:v
gevangetje	gevang:n
bespraakte	bespraakt:a
bespraakt	bespreken:v
besprake	bespreken:v
bespreke	bespreken:v
bevaalt	bevelen:v
bevale	bevelen:v
bevele	bevelen:v
doorbraakt	doorbreken:v
doorbreke	doorbreken:v
doorbrake	doorbreken:v
naamt	nemen:v
onderbraakt	onderbreken:v
onderbrake	onderbreken:v
onderbreke	onderbreken:v
ondername	ondernemen:v
ondernaamt	ondernemen:v
ontbrake	ontbreken:v
ontbraakt	ontbreken:v
ontnaamt	ontnemen:v
ontneme	ontnemen:v
ontname	ontnemen:v
spraakt	spreken:v
sprake	spraak:n|spreken:v
steke	steken:v
verbreke	verbreken:v
verbrake	verbreken:v
verbraakt	verbreken:v
vernaamt	vernemen:v
verneme	vernemen:v
vername	vernemen:v
zelfingenomener	zelfingenomen:a
zelfingenomenst	zelfingenomen:a
zelfingenomenste	zelfingenomen:a
bedroge	bedriegen:v
bedroogt	bedriegen:v
bedriege	bedriegen:v
bekroopt	bekruipen:v
bekrope	bekruipen:v
bekruipe	bekruipen:v
besluite	besluiten:v|besluit:n
beslote	besluiten:v
bevroort	bevriezen:v
bevrieze	bevriezen:v
bevrore	bevriezen:v
drope	druipen:v
droopt	druipen:v
druipe	druipen:v
duike	duiken:v
doke	duiken:v
dookt	duiken:v
gebiede	gebieden:v
geboodt	gebieden:v
gebode	gebieden:v
geniete	genieten:v
giete	gieten:v
koost	kiezen:v
koze	kiezen:v
kruipe	kruipen:v
krope	kruipen:v
kroopt	kruipen:v
gebodje	gebod:n
loogde	logen:v
loogt	logen:v|liegen:v
loogden	logen:v
logend	logen:v
geloogd	logen:v
omslote	omsluiten:v
omsluite	omsluiten:v
ontbode	ontbieden:v
ontbiede	ontbieden:v
ontboodt	ontbieden:v
ontduike	ontduiken:v
ontdookt	ontduiken:v
ontdoke	ontduiken:v
ontslote	ontsluiten:v
ontsluite	ontsluiten:v
ontsprote	ontspruiten:v
ontspruite	ontspruiten:v
roke	ruiken:v|rieken:v|roken:v
rieken	riek:n
riekje	riek:n
rieke	rieken:v
ruike	ruiken:v
schote	schieten:v
schuile	schuilen:v
schole	schuilen:v|scholen:v
schove	schuiven:v
schooft	schuiven:v
sluipe	sluipen:v
slote	sluiten:v
sluite	sluiten:v
snuite	snuiten:v
snote	snuiten:v
snooft	snuiven:v
snuive	snuiven:v
snove	snuiven:v
spruite	spruiten:v
spote	spuiten:v
spuite	spuiten:v
stuive	stuiven:v
stoofje	stoof:n
verbode	verbieden:v
verbiede	verbieden:v
verboodt	verbieden:v
verboogt	verbuigen:v
verbuige	verbuigen:v
verboge	verbuigen:v
verkieze	verkiezen:v
verkoze	verkiezen:v
verkoost	verkiezen:v
verschote	verschieten:v
verschiete	verschieten:v
verschuile	verschuilen:v
verschoolt	verschuilen:v
verschole	verschuilen:v
verschuive	verschuiven:v
verschove	verschuiven:v
verschooft	verschuiven:v
vliede	vlieden:v
vlode	vlieden:v
vloodt	vlieden:v
vloogt	vliegen:v
vliege	vliegen:v
vloge	vliegen:v
vlote	vlieten:v
vliete	vlieten:v
vlietje	vliet:n
vrore	vriezen:v
vrieze	vriezen:v
vroort	vriezen:v
wooft	wuiven:v
gewoven	wuiven:v
wuive	wuiven:v
ziedender	ziedend:a
ziedendst	ziedend:a
ziedende	ziedend:a
ziedendere	ziedend:a
ziedendste	ziedend:a
zoodt	zieden:v
zodetje	zode:n
zode	zieden:v
ziede	zieden:v
zuige	zuigen:v
zuipe	zuipen:v
zoopt	zuipen:v
potentaten	potentaat:n
buikpijnen	buikpijn:n
buikpijntje	buikpijn:n
moduleer	moduleren:v
moduleerde	moduleren:v
moduleert	moduleren:v
moduleerden	moduleren:v
modulerend	moduleren:v
gemoduleerd	moduleren:v
gulheden	gulheid:n
gulheidje	gulheid:n
royaliteiten	royaliteit:n
loyaliteiten	loyaliteit:n
royaler	royaal:a
royaalst	royaal:a
royale	royaal:a
royalere	royaal:a
royaalste	royaal:a
vrijgeviger	vrijgevig:a
vrijgevigst	vrijgevig:a
vrijgevige	vrijgevig:a
vrijgevigere	vrijgevig:a
vrijgevigste	vrijgevig:a
loyaalst	loyaal:a
loyalere	loyaal:a
loyaalste	loyaal:a
hockeyers	hockeyer:n
hockeyertje	hockeyer:n
hagiografieën	hagiografie:n
hagiografietje	hagiografie:n
faseer	faseren:v
faseerde	faseren:v
faseert	faseren:v
faseerden	faseren:v
faserend	faseren:v
gefaseerd	faseren:v
onbekwamer	onbekwaam:a
onbekwaamst	onbekwaam:a
onbekwame	onbekwaam:a
onbekwamere	onbekwaam:a
onbekwaamste	onbekwaam:a
accelereer	accelereren:v
accelereerde	accelereren:v
accelereert	accelereren:v
accelereerden	accelereren:v
accelererend	accelereren:v
geaccelereerd	accelereren:v
tekene	tekenen:v
verklare	verklaren:v
belijders	belijder:n
belijdertje	belijder:n
associeer	associëren:v
associeerde	associëren:v
associeert	associëren:v
associeerden	associëren:v
associërend	associëren:v
geassocieerd	associëren:v
axiologische	axiologisch:a
overwichtje	overwicht:n
prevalenties	prevalentie:n
Angelsaksische	Angelsaksisch:a
behoeders	behoeder:n
behoedertje	behoeder:n
kerme	kermen:v
treffender	treffend:a
treffendst	treffend:a
treffende	treffend:a
troft	treffen:v
troffe	treffen:v
treffe	treffen:v
modulere	moduleren:v
accelerere	accelereren:v
fasere	faseren:v
beame	beamen:v
versnelle	versnellen:v
bevrijders	bevrijder:n
bevrijdertje	bevrijder:n
vreze	vrezen:v
bevrijde	bevrijden:v
onthale	onthalen:v
onthalen	onthaal:n
onthaaltje	onthaal:n
bedolve	bedelven:v
bedelve	bedelven:v
bedolft	bedelven:v
bedierft	bederven:v
bedorve	bederven:v
bedonge	bedingen:v
bedinge	bedingen:v
bedongt	bedingen:v
bedwongt	bedwingen:v
bedwinge	bedwingen:v
bedwonge	bedwingen:v
begonne	beginnen:v
begont	beginnen:v
beklomme	beklimmen:v
beklimme	beklimmen:v
beklomt	beklimmen:v
borge	bergen:v|borgen:v
besprongt	bespringen:v
bespringe	bespringen:v
bespronge	bespringen:v
betroft	betreffen:v
betreffe	betreffen:v
betroffe	betreffen:v
betrokke	betrekken:v
betrekke	betrekken:v
betrokt	betrekken:v
bevonde	bevinden:v
ruide	ruien:v
ruiden	ruien:v
ruiend	ruien:v
geruid	ruien:v
bevondt	bevinden:v
bevinde	bevinden:v
bezont	bezinnen:v
bezonne	bezinnen:v
bezinne	bezinnen:v
bondt	binden:v
blonkt	blinken:v
blonke	blinken:v
blinke	blinken:v
ruie	ruien:v
dolft	delven:v
dolve	delven:v
donge	dingen:v
dongt	dingen:v
doordrongt	doordringen:v
doordringe	doordringen:v
doordronge	doordringen:v
dringe	dringen:v
drongt	dringen:v
dronge	dringen:v
dwongt	dwingen:v
dwonge	dwingen:v
dwinge	dwingen:v
goldt	gelden:v
leniger	lenig:a
lenigst	lenig:a
lenige	lenig:a
lenigere	lenig:a
lenigste	lenig:a
trokke	trekken:v
trokt	trekken:v
kerve	kerven:v
korve	kerven:v
korft	kerven:v
klimme	klimmen:v
klomt	klimmen:v
klomme	klimmen:v
klinkje	klink:n
klonkt	klinken:v
klinke	klinken:v
klonke	klinken:v
krompt	krimpen:v
krompe	krimpen:v
krimpe	krimpen:v
krompje	kromp:n
molkt	melken:v
repetities	repetitie:n
repetitietje	repetitie:n
vergezichten	vergezicht:n
vergezichtje	vergezicht:n
keizerlijker	keizerlijk:a
keizerlijkst	keizerlijk:a
keizerlijke	keizerlijk:a
keizerlijkere	keizerlijk:a
keizerlijkste	keizerlijk:a
repeteer	repeteren:v
repeteerde	repeteren:v
repeteert	repeteren:v
repeteerden	repeteren:v
repeterend	repeteren:v
gerepeteerd	repeteren:v
instudeer	instuderen:v
instudeerde	instuderen:v
instudeert	instuderen:v
instudeerden	instuderen:v
instuderend	instuderen:v
ingestudeerd	instuderen:v
gezagsdragers	gezagsdrager:n
gezagsdragertje	gezagsdrager:n
gezagdrager	gezagsdrager:n
fundeer	funderen:v
fundeerde	funderen:v
fundeert	funderen:v
fundeerden	funderen:v
funderend	funderen:v
gefundeerd	funderen:v
levensmoeër	levensmoe:a
levensmoest	levensmoe:a
levensmoeë	levensmoe:a
levensmoeëre	levensmoe:a
levensmoeste	levensmoe:a
adstrueer	adstrueren:v
adstrueerde	adstrueren:v
adstrueert	adstrueren:v
adstrueerden	adstrueren:v
adstruerend	adstrueren:v
geadstrueerd	adstrueren:v
toelicht	toelichten:v
toelichtte	toelichten:v
toelichtten	toelichten:v
toelichtend	toelichten:v
toegelicht	toelichten:v
asferische	asferisch:a
lijmeriger	lijmerig:a
lijmerigst	lijmerig:a
lijmerige	lijmerig:a
lijmerigere	lijmerig:a
lijmerigste	lijmerig:a
huisgemaakte	huisgemaakt:a
slapeloosheden	slapeloosheid:n
mandrillen	mandril:n
herhale	herhalen:v
adstruere	adstrueren:v
winde	winden:v
wonne	winnen:v
wronge	wringen:v
wringe	wringen:v
wrongt	wringen:v
zondt	zenden:v
zende	zenden:v
zonge	zingen:v
zinge	zingen:v
zongt	zingen:v
zonke	zinken:v
zinke	zinken:v
zonkt	zinken:v
zwolle	zwellen:v
zwolt	zwellen:v|zwelten:v
zwelle	zwellen:v
zwomme	zwemmen:v
zwemme	zwemmen:v
zwomt	zwemmen:v
verborgt	verbergen:v
verborge	verbergen:v
verberge	verbergen:v
verdronge	verdringen:v
verdringe	verdringen:v
verdrongt	verdringen:v
verdronkt	verdrinken:v
verdrinke	verdrinken:v
verdronke	verdrinken:v
verschrikke	verschrikken:v
verschrokke	verschrikken:v
verschrokt	verschrikken:v
verslinde	verslinden:v
verslonde	verslinden:v
verslondt	verslinden:v
versmolte	versmelten:v
versmelte	versmelten:v
versmoltt	versmelten:v
versmeltt	versmelten:v
vertrokt	vertrekken:v
vertrokke	vertrekken:v
vertrekke	vertrekken:v
verwringe	verwringen:v
verwrongt	verwringen:v
verwronge	verwringen:v
verzondt	verzenden:v
verzonde	verzenden:v
verzende	verzenden:v
verzonkt	verzinken:v
verzonke	verzinken:v
verzinke	verzinken:v
verzont	verzinnen:v
verzonne	verzinnen:v
verzinne	verzinnen:v
vlochte	vlechten:v
vlechte	vlechten:v
voltrokt	voltrekken:v
voltrekke	voltrekken:v
voltrokke	voltrekken:v
aanblijfen	aanblijven:v
aangrijpender	aangrijpend:a
aangrijpendst	aangrijpend:a
aangrijpende	aangrijpend:a
aangrijpendere	aangrijpend:a
aangrijpendste	aangrijpend:a
bedrijve	bedrijven:v
bedreeft	bedrijven:v
bedreve	bedrijven:v
begrepe	begrijpen:v
begrijpe	begrijpen:v
begreept	begrijpen:v
bekeke	bekijken:v
bekeekt	bekijken:v
belijde	belijden:v
beleedt	belijden:v
belede	belijden:v
beneedt	benijden:v
benijde	benijden:v
benede	benijden:v
beschene	beschijnen:v
bescheent	beschijnen:v
beschijne	beschijnen:v
beschreve	beschrijven:v
beschreeft	beschrijven:v
besteegt	bestijgen:v
bestege	bestijgen:v
bestijge	bestijgen:v
bestrede	bestrijden:v
bestreedt	bestrijden:v
bestrijde	bestrijden:v
bestreke	bestrijken:v
bestreekt	bestrijken:v
bestrijke	bestrijken:v
beweest	bewijzen:v
bewijze	bewijzen:v
beweze	bewijzen:v
bezwijke	bezwijken:v
bezweke	bezwijken:v
bezweekt	bezwijken:v
bijte	bijten:v
bijtender	bijtend:a
bijtendst	bijtend:a
bijtende	bijtend:a
bijtendere	bijtend:a
bijtendste	bijtend:a
blijke	blijken:v
bleve	blijven:v
bleeft	blijven:v
doorsnijde	doorsnijden:v
doorsneedt	doorsnijden:v
dreve	drijven:v
drijve	drijven:v
dreeft	drijven:v
geleekt	gelijken:v
geleke	gelijken:v
glijde	glijden:v
gleedt	glijden:v
grepe	grijpen:v
grijpe	grijpen:v
greept	grijpen:v
herkrege	herkrijgen:v
herkrijge	herkrijgen:v
herkreegt	herkrijgen:v
hijse	hijsen:v
ingrijpender	ingrijpend:a
ingrijpendst	ingrijpend:a
ingrijpende	ingrijpend:a
ingrijpendere	ingrijpend:a
ingrijpendste	ingrijpend:a
keekt	kijken:v
keke	kijken:v
kijke	kijken:v
knijpe	knijpen:v
kneept	knijpen:v
knepe	knijpen:v
kreegt	krijgen:v
krege	krijgen:v
kreest	krijsen:v
krijse	krijsen:v
krese	krijsen:v
krete	krijten:v
krijte	krijten:v
kwete	kwijten:v
lijde	lijden:v
leedt	lijden:v
lijke	lijken:v
leekt	lijken:v
mijde	mijden:v
meedt	mijden:v
misprijze	misprijzen:v
mispreest	misprijzen:v
mispreze	misprijzen:v
omschrijve	omschrijven:v
omschreve	omschrijven:v
omschreeft	omschrijven:v
onderweest	onderwijzen:v
onderwijze	onderwijzen:v
onderweze	onderwijzen:v
ontbijte	ontbijten:v
ontbete	ontbijten:v
ontweekt	ontwijken:v
ontwijke	ontwijken:v
ontweke	ontwijken:v
overdrijve	overdrijven:v
overdreeft	overdrijven:v
overdreve	overdrijven:v
overlede	overlijden:v
overleedt	overlijden:v
overlijde	overlijden:v
overschrede	overschrijden:v
overschreedt	overschrijden:v
overschrijde	overschrijden:v
overstijge	overstijgen:v
overstege	overstijgen:v
oversteegt	overstijgen:v
prijze	prijzen:v
preest	prijzen:v
preze	prijzen:v
reest	rijzen:v
reze	rijzen:v
rijze	rijzen:v
schene	schijnen:v
scheent	schijnen:v
schijte	schijten:v
schete	schijten:v
schreetje	schrede:n
schrede	schrijden:v
schrijde	schrijden:v
schreedt	schrijden:v
schreve	schrijven:v
schreeft	schrijven:v
slepe	slijpen:v|slepen:v
slijpe	slijpen:v
slijte	slijten:v
slete	slijten:v
smijte	smijten:v
smete	smijten:v
sneedt	snijden:v
snijde	snijden:v
spijte	spijten:v
spete	spijten:v
splijte	splijten:v
splete	splijten:v
stijge	stijgen:v
steegt	stijgen:v
strijde	strijden:v
streedt	strijden:v
strede	strijden:v
streke	strijken:v
streekt	strijken:v
multilaterale	multilateraal:a
rogen	roge:n
verbleve	verblijven:v
verblijve	verblijven:v
verbleeft	verblijven:v
verdreve	verdrijven:v
verdrijve	verdrijven:v
verdreeft	verdrijven:v
verdweent	verdwijnen:v
verdwijne	verdwijnen:v
verdwene	verdwijnen:v
vergeleekt	vergelijken:v
vergeleke	vergelijken:v
vergelijke	vergelijken:v
verglede	verglijden:v
vergleedt	verglijden:v
verglijde	verglijden:v
vergreept	vergrijpen:v
vergrepe	vergrijpen:v
vergrijpe	vergrijpen:v
verkreegt	verkrijgen:v
verkrege	verkrijgen:v
vermede	vermijden:v
vermijde	vermijden:v
vermeedt	vermijden:v
verrijze	verrijzen:v
verreest	verrijzen:v
verreze	verrijzen:v
verscheent	verschijnen:v
verschijne	verschijnen:v
verschene	verschijnen:v
verslijte	verslijten:v
verslete	verslijten:v
verstreke	verstrijken:v
verstreekt	verstrijken:v
verstrijke	verstrijken:v
verwijte	verwijten:v
verwete	verwijten:v
verwijze	verwijzen:v
verweze	verwijzen:v
vreeë	vrijen:v
wijke	wijken:v
wijte	wijten:v
weze	wijzen:v
wreve	wrijven:v
wrijve	wrijven:v
wreeft	wrijven:v
zwege	zwijgen:v
zwijge	zwijgen:v
zweegt	zwijgen:v
bejoegt	bejagen:v
bejoege	bejagen:v
bejage	bejagen:v
brouwe	brouwen:v
joege	jagen:v
joegt	jagen:v
lache	lachen:v
onderscheide	onderscheiden:v
ondervroege	ondervragen:v
ondervrage	ondervragen:v
ondervroegt	ondervragen:v
ontspanne	ontspannen:v
overspanne	overspannen:v
scheide	scheiden:v
verbanne	verbannen:v
verjoegt	verjagen:v
verjoege	verjagen:v
verjage	verjagen:v
vrage	vragen:v|vraag:n
vroegt	vragen:v
waaie	waaien:v
woeie	waaien:v
woeit	waaien:v
welvaarde	welvaren:v
welvaarden	welvaren:v
weve	weven:v
bedachte	bedenken:v
bedenke	bedenken:v
bekope	bekopen:v
bekochte	bekopen:v
bezochte	bezoeken:v
bezoeke	bezoeken:v
brenge	brengen:v
dachte	denken:v
gedenke	gedenken:v
herdachte	herdenken:v
herdenke	herdenken:v
kope	kopen:v
onderzochte	onderzoeken:v
plachte	plegen:v
uitverkoopje	uitverkoop:n
verdenke	verdenken:v
verzoeke	verzoeken:v
verzochte	verzoeken:v
volbrachte	volbrengen:v
volbrenge	volbrengen:v
zochte	zoeken:v
vaselines	vaseline:n
naging	nagaan:v
nagaat	nagaan:v
nagingen	nagaan:v
nagaand	nagaan:v
nagegaan	nagaan:v
Glagolitische	Glagolitisch:a
academicussen	academicus:n
academici	academicus:n
academicusje	academicus:n
cheffinnen	cheffin:n
cheffinnetje	cheffin:n
cheffins	cheffin:n
aanzit	aanzitten:v
aanzat	aanzitten:v
aanzaten	aanzitten:v
aanzittend	aanzitten:v
aangezeten	aanzitten:v
overdadiger	overdadig:a
overdadigst	overdadig:a
overdadige	overdadig:a
overdadigere	overdadig:a
overdadigste	overdadig:a
kleerkasten	kleerkast:n
kleerkastje	kleerkast:n
klerenkast	kleerkast:n
springplanken	springplank:n
springplankje	springplank:n
kluiven	kluif:n
kluifje	kluif:n
kluif	kluiven:v
kluift	kluiven:v
kluivend	kluiven:v
gekloven	kluiven:v|klieven:v
wemel	wemelen:v
wemelde	wemelen:v
wemelt	wemelen:v
wemelden	wemelen:v
wemelend	wemelen:v
gewemeld	wemelen:v
muurbloemen	muurbloem:n
muurbloempje	muurbloem:n
verorber	verorberen:v
verorberde	verorberen:v
verorbert	verorberen:v
verorberden	verorberen:v
verorberend	verorberen:v
verorberd	verorberen:v
promovere	promoveren:v
personaliseer	personaliseren:v
personaliseerde	personaliseren:v
personaliseert	personaliseren:v
personaliseerden	personaliseren:v
personaliserend	personaliseren:v
gepersonaliseerd	personaliseren:v
profielen	profiel:n
profieltje	profiel:n
drasser	dras:a
drast	dras:a
drasse	dras:a
drassere	dras:a
draste	dras:a
residenties	residentie:n
residentietje	residentie:n
verleide	verleiden:v
berove	beroven:v
aanzetten	aanzet:n
aanzetje	aanzet:n
ontspringe	ontspringen:v
ontspronge	ontspringen:v
ontsprongt	ontspringen:v
kluive	kluiven:v
klove	klieven:v|kluiven:v|kloven:v
wemele	wemelen:v
verorbere	verorberen:v
personalisere	personaliseren:v
omwinde	omwinden:v
omwondt	omwinden:v
omwonde	omwinden:v
ondervinde	ondervinden:v
ondervonde	ondervinden:v
ondervondt	ondervinden:v
ontbondt	ontbinden:v
ontbinde	ontbinden:v
ontbonde	ontbinden:v
ontgonne	ontginnen:v
ontgont	ontginnen:v
ontginne	ontginnen:v
onttrokke	onttrekken:v
onttrekke	onttrekken:v
onttrokt	onttrekken:v
optrekje	optrek:n
opwindender	opwindend:a
opwindendst	opwindend:a
opwindende	opwindend:a
opwindendere	opwindend:a
opwindendste	opwindend:a
opwinden	opwind:n
opwindje	opwind:n
overtroffe	overtreffen:v
overtreffe	overtreffen:v
overtroft	overtreffen:v
scholdt	schelden:v
scholde	schelden:v
schende	schenden:v
schonde	schenden:v
schondt	schenden:v
slonkt	slinken:v
slinke	slinken:v
slonke	slinken:v
smolte	smelten:v
spont	spinnen:v
sponne	spinnen:v
sponnetje	spon:n
sprongt	springen:v
spronge	springen:v
stonkt	stinken:v
stinke	stinken:v
stonke	stinken:v
kofschepen	kofschip:n
kofscheepje	kofschip:n
multiculti	multicultureel:a
selecteer	selecteren:v
selecteerde	selecteren:v
selecteert	selecteren:v
selecteerden	selecteren:v
selecterend	selecteren:v
geselecteerd	selecteren:v
meelever	meeleveren:v
meeleverde	meeleveren:v
meelevert	meeleveren:v
meeleverden	meeleveren:v
meeleverend	meeleveren:v
meegeleverd	meeleveren:v
selectere	selecteren:v
schikke	schikken:v
rangschikke	rangschikken:v
achte	achten:v
afdrukken	afdruk:n
afdrukje	afdruk:n
baatje	baat:n
batse	batsen:v
beboete	beboeten:v
bebosse	bebossen:v
bedrukke	bedrukken:v
begroete	begroeten:v
bekorte	bekorten:v
belichte	belichten:v
bemerke	bemerken:v
benadrukke	benadrukken:v
beperke	beperken:v
bepleite	bepleiten:v
beprate	bepraten:v
berechte	berechten:v
bereike	bereiken:v
berispe	berispen:v
beruste	berusten:v
beschikke	beschikken:v
beschimpe	beschimpen:v
beseffe	beseffen:v
beslechte	beslechten:v
bestraffe	bestraffen:v
betaste	betasten:v
betrachte	betrachten:v
betrappe	betrappen:v
bevlekke	bevlekken:v
bevoorrechte	bevoorrechten:v
bewake	bewaken:v
bewerke	bewerken:v
bewieroke	bewieroken:v
biechte	biechten:v
biepe	biepen:v
blaffe	blaffen:v
blokke	blokken:v
geblokter	geblokt:a
gebloktst	geblokt:a
geblokte	geblokt:a
boffe	boffen:v
bokke	bokken:v
botse	botsen:v
briese	briesen:v
brunche	brunchen:v
bukke	bukken:v
checke	checken:v
dekke	dekken:v
doorkruise	doorkruisen:v
doppe	doppen:v
dorse	dorsen:v
instructies	instructie:n
instructietje	instructie:n
blokkeer	blokkeren:v
blokkeerde	blokkeren:v
blokkeert	blokkeren:v
blokkeerden	blokkeren:v
blokkerend	blokkeren:v
ventilaties	ventilatie:n
ventilatietje	ventilatie:n
ventileer	ventileren:v
ventileerde	ventileren:v
ventileert	ventileren:v
ventileerden	ventileren:v
ventilerend	ventileren:v
geventileerd	ventileren:v
zoomend	zoomen:v
zoomen	zomen:v
inzoom	inzoomen:v
inzoomde	inzoomen:v
inzoomt	inzoomen:v
inzoomden	inzoomen:v
inzoomend	inzoomen:v
ingezoomd	inzoomen:v
uitzoom	uitzoomen:v
uitzoomde	uitzoomen:v
uitzoomt	uitzoomen:v
uitzoomden	uitzoomen:v
uitzoomend	uitzoomen:v
uitgezoomd	uitzoomen:v
fabrikanten	fabrikant:n
fabrikantje	fabrikant:n
hulpbronnen	hulpbron:n
hulpbronnetje	hulpbron:n
evolueer	evolueren:v
evolueerde	evolueren:v
evolueert	evolueren:v
evolueerden	evolueren:v
evoluerend	evolueren:v
geëvolueerd	evolueren:v
polariseer	polariseren:v
polariseerde	polariseren:v
polariseert	polariseren:v
polariseerden	polariseren:v
polariserend	polariseren:v
gepolariseerd	polariseren:v
scharnierpennen	scharnierpen:n
scharnierpennetje	scharnierpen:n
truste	welterusten:i
nachtjaponnen	nachtjapon:n
nachtjaponnetje	nachtjapon:n
blokkere	blokkeren:v
ventilere	ventileren:v
ondersteune	ondersteunen:v
steune	steunen:v
fabricere	fabriceren:v
evoluere	evolueren:v
polarisere	polariseren:v
zome	zomen:v
verflens	verflensen:v
verflenste	verflensen:v
verflenst	verflensen:v
verflensten	verflensen:v
verflensend	verflensen:v
verflense	verflensen:v
floppe	floppen:v
feeste	feesten:v
fietse	fietsen:v
fikke	fikken:v
finishe	finishen:v
flikke	flikken:v
fokke	fokken:v
frunnike	frunniken:v
gappe	gappen:v
gemoete	gemoeten:v
gerake	geraken:v
gisse	gissen:v
glimlache	glimlachen:v
gokke	gokken:v
grisse	grissen:v
gristennen	gristen:n
gristentje	gristen:n
gutse	gutsen:v
opfok	opfokken:v
opfokte	opfokken:v
opfokt	opfokken:v
opfokten	opfokken:v
opfokkend	opfokken:v
opgefokt	opfokken:v
hakke	hakken:v
harste	harsten:v
harsten	harst:n
hechter	hecht:a
hechtst	hecht:a
hechte	hecht:a|hechten:v
hechtere	hecht:a
hechtste	hecht:a
hinke	hinken:v
hoeste	hoesten:v
hokke	hokken:v
hospikke	hospikken:v
houte	houten:v
huilebalke	huilebalken:v
hurke	hurken:v
ijke	ijken:v
jachte	jachten:v
jasse	jassen:v
jeuke	jeuken:v
juiche	juichen:v
oplicht	oplichten:v
oplichtte	oplichten:v
oplichtten	oplichten:v
oplichtend	oplichten:v
opgelicht	oplichten:v
kaarte	kaarten:v
kaatse	kaatsen:v
kampe	kampen:v
kenmerke	kenmerken:v
kieke	kieken:v
klappe	klappen:v
kletse	kletsen:v
klikke	klikken:v
kloppe	kloppen:v
klusse	klussen:v
klutse	klutsen:v
knarse	knarsen:v
bekak	bekakken:v
bekakten	bekakken:v
bekakkend	bekakken:v
bekakke	bekakken:v
knikke	knikken:v
knippe	knippen:v
knope	knopen:v
koke	koken:v
kontneuke	kontneuken:v
koppe	koppen:v
krake	kraken:v
kreuke	kreuken:v
kruise	kruisen:v
krukke	krukken:v
kuche	kuchen:v
kunstschaatse	kunstschaatsen:v
kusse	kussen:v
kwake	kwaken:v
kwetse	kwetsen:v
laakje	laak:n
lappe	lappen:v
gelikte	gelikt:a
likke	likken:v
lonke	lonken:v
loodse	loodsen:v
luchte	luchten:v
lukke	lukken:v
lunche	lunchen:v
makkes	makke:n
makketje	makke:n
makke	mak:a
makkend	makken:v
gemakt	makken:v
mepje	mep:n
meppe	meppen:v
merke	merken:v
meukje	meuk:n
meuke	meuken:v
misbruike	misbruiken:v
mokke	mokken:v
muiten	muit:n
muite	muit:n|muiten:v
gaaft	geven:v
geve	geven:v
laast	lezen:v
laagt	liggen:v
omgaaft	omgeven:v
omgeve	omgeven:v
omgave	omgeven:v
overete	overeten:v
overgeten	overeten:v
overtraadt	overtreden:v
overtrede	overtreden:v
overtrade	overtreden:v
nake	naken:v
nekke	nekken:v
neuke	neuken:v
omfloerse	omfloersen:v
onderdrukke	onderdrukken:v
onderscheppe	onderscheppen:v
onderstrepe	onderstrepen:v
ontblote	ontbloten:v
ontgasse	ontgassen:v
ontkrachte	ontkrachten:v
ontkurke	ontkurken:v
ontlokke	ontlokken:v
ontploffe	ontploffen:v
ontsnappe	ontsnappen:v
ontvluchte	ontvluchten:v
ontvolke	ontvolken:v
ontwake	ontwaken:v
ontzilte	ontzilten:v
oogste	oogsten:v
oppassen	oppas:n
oppasje	oppas:n
kosmopolieten	kosmopoliet:n
kosmopolietje	kosmopoliet:n
overbelaste	overbelasten:v
overdekke	overdekken:v
overnachte	overnachten:v
overstelpe	overstelpen:v
pachte	pachten:v
pakkender	pakkend:a
pakkendst	pakkend:a
pakkende	pakkend:a
pakkendere	pakkend:a
pakkendste	pakkend:a
pieke	pieken:v
piepe	piepen:v
pijpe	pijpen:v
kosmopolitischer	kosmopolitisch:a
kosmopolitische	kosmopolitisch:a
kosmopolitischere	kosmopolitisch:a
kosmopolitischte	kosmopolitisch:a
plakke	plakken:v
kosmopolissen	kosmopolis:n
kosmopolisje	kosmopolis:n
plasse	plassen:v
ploffe	ploffen:v
plompzakke	plompzakken:v
plukke	plukken:v
poepe	poepen:v
poetse	poetsen:v
polijste	polijsten:v
predike	prediken:v
prikke	prikken:v
printe	printen:v
proeste	proesten:v
puffe	puffen:v
saneer	saneren:v
saneerde	saneren:v
saneert	saneren:v
saneerden	saneren:v
sanerend	saneren:v
gesaneerd	saneren:v
redetwiste	redetwisten:v
rekke	rekken:v
reppe	reppen:v
roeste	roesten:v
concipieer	concipiëren:v
concipieerde	concipiëren:v
concipieert	concipiëren:v
concipieerden	concipiëren:v
concipiërend	concipiëren:v
geconcipieerd	concipiëren:v
rukke	rukken:v
geruster	gerust:a
gerustst	gerust:a
geruste	gerust:a
gerustere	gerust:a
gerustste	gerust:a
ruste	rusten:v
arceer	arceren:v
arceerde	arceren:v
arceert	arceren:v
arceerden	arceren:v
arcerend	arceren:v
gearceerd	arceren:v
veinze	veinzen:v
huichele	huichelen:v
sanere	saneren:v
concipiëre	concipiëren:v
schaatse	schaatsen:v
schake	schaken:v
schetse	schetsen:v
schokke	schokken:v
schoonmaakje	schoonmaak:n
schoppe	schoppen:v
schorse	schorsen:v
schrappe	schrappen:v
sisse	sissen:v
sjokke	sjokken:v
slachte	slachten:v
slikke	slikken:v
slippe	slippen:v
sloffe	sloffen:v
slofje	slof:n
slokke	slokken:v
smachte	smachten:v
smeke	smeken:v
snappe	snappen:v
snikke	snikken:v
snurke	snurken:v
spekke	spekken:v
verhandele	verhandelen:v
splitse	splitsen:v
stappe	stappen:v
starte	starten:v
stichte	stichten:v
stifte	stiften:v
stiftje	stift:n
hindere	hinderen:v
strekke	strekken:v
strikje	strik:n
strikke	strikken:v
strippe	strippen:v
tennisse	tennissen:v
testritten	testrit:n
testritje	testrit:n
tikke	tikken:v
getinter	getint:a
getintst	getint:a
getinte	getint:a
getintere	getint:a
getintste	getint:a
tooste	toosten:v
trachte	trachten:v
trooste	troosten:v
tuite	tuiten:v
tölte	tölten:v
uitdrukkender	uitdrukkend:a
uitdrukkendst	uitdrukkend:a
uitdrukkende	uitdrukkend:a
uitdrukkendere	uitdrukkend:a
uitdrukkendste	uitdrukkend:a
uite	uiten:v
geuit	uiten:v
uitstappen	uitstap:n
verachte	verachten:v
verasse	verassen:v
verbleke	verbleken:v
verbruike	verbruiken:v
verdampe	verdampen:v
verdiepen	verdiep:n
verdiepje	verdiep:n
verdiepe	verdiepen:v
verduidelijke	verduidelijken:v
vereise	vereisen:v
verfrisse	verfrissen:v
vergemakkelijke	vergemakkelijken:v
vergrote	vergroten:v
verhapstukke	verhapstukken:v
verhoute	verhouten:v
verklappe	verklappen:v
verklikke	verklikken:v
verkrachte	verkrachten:v
verkwikke	verkwikken:v
verkwiste	verkwisten:v
herstelle	herstellen:v
verlichte	verlichten:v
verlokke	verlokken:v
verlosse	verlossen:v
vermaakje	vermaak:n
vermake	vermaken:v
verminke	verminken:v
vermisse	vermissen:v
vermorse	vermorsen:v
verneuke	verneuken:v
verongelukke	verongelukken:v
verontrustender	verontrustend:a
verontrustendst	verontrustend:a
verontrustende	verontrustend:a
verontrustendere	verontrustend:a
verontrustendste	verontrustend:a
verontruste	verontrusten:v
veroorzake	veroorzaken:v
verpeste	verpesten:v
bestelle	bestellen:v
verrasse	verrassen:v
verrichte	verrichten:v
verrijke	verrijken:v
verrukke	verrukken:v
verschaffe	verschaffen:v
verschanse	verschansen:v
verschepe	verschepen:v
versterke	versterken:v
verstikke	verstikken:v
verstoppe	verstoppen:v
verstrekkender	verstrekkend:a
verstrekkendst	verstrekkend:a
verstrekkende	verstrekkend:a
verstrekkendere	verstrekkend:a
verstrekkendste	verstrekkend:a
verstrekke	verstrekken:v
verstuike	verstuiken:v
vertakke	vertakken:v
verwachte	verwachten:v
verwerke	verwerken:v
verwezenlijke	verwezenlijken:v
verwoeste	verwoesten:v
verzachte	verzachten:v
verzachtender	verzachtend:a
verzachtendst	verzachtend:a
verzake	verzaken:v
verzwakke	verzwakken:v
vloeke	vloeken:v
vluchte	vluchten:v
voorzetten	voorzet:n
voorzetje	voorzet:n
vorse	vorsen:v
vuiste	vuisten:v
wachte	wachten:v
walse	walsen:v
weerkaatse	weerkaatsen:v
wenke	wenken:v
werke	werken:v
wintersporte	wintersporten:v
wippe	wippen:v
wrikke	wrikken:v
wroete	wroeten:v
zakke	zakken:v
zapend	zappen:v
zapen	zappen:v
zuchte	zuchten:v
zwepe	zwepen:v
zwete	zweten:v
zwichte	zwichten:v
zwiepe	zwiepen:v
aanklagen	aanklage:n
aanschouwe	aanschouwen:v
aarzele	aarzelen:v
abortere	aborteren:v
acceptere	accepteren:v
achterhale	achterhalen:v
activere	activeren:v
ademe	ademen:v
alarmere	alarmeren:v
ambiëre	ambiëren:v
amusere	amuseren:v
ankere	ankeren:v
annexere	annexeren:v
annulere	annuleren:v
arrestere	arresteren:v
arrivere	arriveren:v
arrosere	arroseren:v
associëre	associëren:v
auditere	auditeren:v
avancere	avanceren:v
babbele	babbelen:v
babbels	babbel:n
babbeltje	babbel:n
balseme	balsemen:v
basere	baseren:v
bazele	bazelen:v
beamene	beamenen:v
beangstige	beangstigen:v
bebouwe	bebouwen:v
bedele	bedelen:v
bedeelen	bedelen:v
bediene	bedienen:v
bedoele	bedoelen:v
bedreige	bedreigen:v
bedroeve	bedroeven:v
beduide	beduiden:v
bedwelme	bedwelmen:v
beeldhouwe	beeldhouwen:v
begeleide	begeleiden:v
begere	begeren:v
begrenze	begrenzen:v
begroeie	begroeien:v
behale	behalen:v
behandele	behandelen:v
behartige	behartigen:v
behelze	behelzen:v
behere	beheren:v
behoede	behoeden:v
behoeve	behoeven:v|behoef:n
behore	behoren:v
bejubele	bejubelen:v
bekenne	bekennen:v
bekere	bekeren:v
verhindere	verhinderen:v
filtere	filteren:v
filtert	filteren:v
beklemtone	beklemtonen:v
beknibbele	beknibbelen:v
bekogele	bekogelen:v
bekore	bekoren:v
bekrachtige	bekrachtigen:v
bekritisere	bekritiseren:v
bekrone	bekronen:v
belage	belagen:v
belande	belanden:v
belastere	belasteren:v
beledige	beledigen:v
belegge	beleggen:v
belemmere	belemmeren:v
beleve	beleven:v
belove	beloven:v
beluistere	beluisteren:v
bemachtige	bemachtigen:v
bemanne	bemannen:v
beminne	beminnen:v
bemoedige	bemoedigen:v
benadele	benadelen:v
benauwe	benauwen:v
benoeme	benoemen:v
beoge	beogen:v
beoordele	beoordelen:v
bepale	bepalen:v
berekene	berekenen:v
beroerder	beroerd:a
beroerdst	beroerd:a
beroerdere	beroerd:a
beroerdste	beroerd:a
beroere	beroeren:v
berokkene	berokkenen:v
berouwe	berouwen:v
beschadige	beschadigen:v
beschave	beschaven:v
beschildere	beschilderen:v
bespare	besparen:v
bespeure	bespeuren:v
bespiede	bespieden:v
bespionere	bespioneren:v
bestemme	bestemmen:v
bestempele	bestempelen:v
bestrale	bestralen:v
bestudere	bestuderen:v
besture	besturen:v
betame	betamen:v
betegele	betegelen:v
betekene	betekenen:v
beteugele	beteugelen:v
betone	betonen:v
betonne	betonnen:v
betonnere	betonneren:v
betovere	betoveren:v
betreure	betreuren:v
betrouwe	betrouwen:v
betuige	betuigen:v
betwijfele	betwijfelen:v
beveilige	beveiligen:v
bevestige	bevestigen:v
bevoordele	bevoordelen:v
bevordere	bevorderen:v
bewapene	bewapenen:v
beweide	beweiden:v
bewere	beweren:v
bewerkstellige	bewerkstelligen:v
bewone	bewonen:v
bezaaie	bezaaien:v
bezere	bezeren:v
bezichtige	bezichtigen:v
beziele	bezielen:v
bezoedele	bezoedelen:v
bezorge	bezorgen:v
bezuinige	bezuinigen:v
bezware	bezwaren:v
bezwendele	bezwendelen:v
bezwijme	bezwijmen:v
beëdige	beëdigen:v
beëindige	beëindigen:v
bibbere	bibberen:v
biologere	biologeren:v
blikseme	bliksemen:v
bloede	bloeden:v|bloed:n
bloeie	bloeien:v
bloze	blozen:v
boeie	boeien:v
boene	boenen:v
boerten	boert:n
bomberderen	bombarderen:v
bomberderend	bombarderen:v
bomberdere	bombarderen:v
borduren	borduur:n
borduurtje	borduur:n
borstele	borstelen:v
brandschildere	brandschilderen:v
breie	breien:v
broede	broeden:v
bromme	brommen:v
brullen	brul:n
brulletje	brul:n
buize	buizen:v
buldere	bulderen:v
knel	knellen:v
knelde	knellen:v
knelden	knellen:v
knellend	knellen:v
gekneld	knellen:v
beklem	beklemmen:v
beklemde	beklemmen:v
beklemt	beklemmen:v
beklemden	beklemmen:v
beklemmend	beklemmen:v
beklemd	beklemmen:v
opprimeer	opprimeren:v
opprimeerde	opprimeren:v
opprimeert	opprimeren:v
opprimeerden	opprimeren:v
opprimerend	opprimeren:v
geopprimeerd	opprimeren:v
dimensionale	dimensionaal:a
dimensioneel	dimensionaal:a
plezanter	plezant:a
plezantst	plezant:a
plezante	plezant:a
plezantere	plezant:a
plezantste	plezant:a
plezieriger	plezierig:a
plezierigst	plezierig:a
plezierige	plezierig:a
plezierigere	plezierig:a
plezierigste	plezierig:a
tegenstanden	tegenstand:n
tegenstandje	tegenstand:n
winkelpassages	winkelpassage:n
onvoorzichtiger	onvoorzichtig:a
onvoorzichtigst	onvoorzichtig:a
onvoorzichtige	onvoorzichtig:a
onvoorzichtigere	onvoorzichtig:a
onvoorzichtigste	onvoorzichtig:a
knelle	knellen:v
beklemme	beklemmen:v
wantrouwe	wantrouwen:v
gewantrouwd	wantrouwen:v
camouflere	camoufleren:v
capitulere	capituleren:v
castrere	castreren:v
censurere	censureren:v
centralisere	centraliseren:v
centrifugere	centrifugeren:v
chantere	chanteren:v
cijfere	cijferen:v
cirkele	cirkelen:v
codere	coderen:v
combinere	combineren:v
communicere	communiceren:v
compensere	compenseren:v
compromittere	compromitteren:v
computere	computeren:v
condolere	condoleren:v
confisquere	confisqueren:v
confrontere	confronteren:v
conservere	conserveren:v
constatere	constateren:v
controlere	controleren:v
conversere	converseren:v
correspondere	corresponderen:v
corrigere	corrigeren:v
coïncidere	coïncideren:v
creëre	creëren:v
culminere	culmineren:v
categorisere	categoriseren:v
concentrere	concentreren:v
hamstert	hamsteren:v
hamstere	hamsteren:v
darteler	dartel:a
dartelst	dartel:a
dartelere	dartel:a
dartelste	dartel:a
debattere	debatteren:v
debutere	debuteren:v
decentralisere	decentraliseren:v
decodere	decoderen:v
definiëre	definiëren:v
demonstrere	demonstreren:v
desertere	deserteren:v
detectere	detecteren:v
deuge	deugen:v
diagnosticere	diagnosticeren:v
differentiëre	differentiëren:v
digerere	digereren:v
digitalisere	digitaliseren:v
dinere	dineren:v
discriminere	discrimineren:v
dobbele	dobbelen:v
documentere	documenteren:v
doele	doelen:v
doezele	doezelen:v
dommele	dommelen:v
dompele	dompelen:v
dondere	donderen:v
donere	doneren:v
dooie	dood:a|dode:n|dooien:v
doorbladere	doorbladeren:v
doorbore	doorboren:v
doorgronde	doorgronden:v
dosere	doseren:v
downloade	downloaden:v
drale	dralen:v
dreige	dreigen:v
dreune	dreunen:v
drome	dromen:v
druppele	druppelen:v
duide	duiden:v
duime	duimen:v
duizele	duizelen:v
durve	durven:v
dwaaltje	dwaal:n
dynamitere	dynamiteren:v
e-maile	e-mailen:v
egges	egge:n
eggetje	egge:n
egge	eggen:v
emancipere	emanciperen:v
emigrere	emigreren:v
emmere	emmeren:v
engagere	engageren:v
enscenere	ensceneren:v
erbarme	erbarmen:v
erkenne	erkennen:v
erve	erven:v
etalere	etaleren:v
exploitere	exploiteren:v
exposere	exposeren:v
felicitere	feliciteren:v
financiere	financieren:v
fixere	fixeren:v
fladdere	fladderen:v
flikflooie	flikflooien:v
flikkere	flikkeren:v
fluistere	fluisteren:v
foetere	foeteren:v
foltere	folteren:v
fonkele	fonkelen:v
formalisere	formaliseren:v
formere	formeren:v
formulere	formuleren:v
fotografere	fotograferen:v
fouillere	fouilleren:v
fragmentere	fragmenteren:v
fraudere	frauderen:v
friemele	friemelen:v
frituurtje	frituur:n
friture	frituur:n|frituren:v
frustrere	frustreren:v
functionere	functioneren:v
fusere	fuseren:v
galme	galmen:v
galmpje	galm:n
garandere	garanderen:v
gebare	gebaren:v
gedoge	gedogen:v
geeuwe	geeuwen:v
geleide	geleiden:v
gelieve	gelieven:v
gelove	geloven:v
generere	genereren:v
geschiede	geschieden:v
gesele	geselen:v
gesticulere	gesticuleren:v
geure	geuren:v
gevoele	gevoelen:v
giechels	giechel:n
giecheltje	giechel:n
giechele	giechelen:v
giere	gieren:v
gijzels	gijzel:n
gijzeltje	gijzel:n
gijzele	gijzelen:v
glacere	glaceren:v
glanze	glanzen:v
gloeie	gloeien:v
glooie	glooien:v
glundere	glunderen:v
gniffele	gniffelen:v
golve	golven:v
gorgele	gorgelen:v
gorgels	gorgel:n
gorgeltje	gorgel:n
grendele	grendelen:v
grenze	grenzen:v
grijnze	grijnzen:v
groeie	groeien:v
groepere	groeperen:v
gromme	grommen:v
gunne	gunnen:v
golfte	golfen:v
golften	golfen:v
golfend	golfen:v
gegolft	golfen:v
hamere	hameren:v
hantere	hanteren:v
hengele	hengelen:v
herbouwe	herbouwen:v
herformuleerd	herformuleren:v
herformulere	herformuleren:v
herinnere	herinneren:v
herkenne	herkennen:v
herleide	herleiden:v
herleve	herleven:v
hernieuwe	hernieuwen:v
hertrouwe	hertrouwen:v
hijge	hijgen:v
gehoefd	hoeven:v
hongere	hongeren:v
huivere	huiveren:v
huivers	huiver:n
huivertje	huiver:n
huize	huizen:v|huis:n
huldige	huldigen:v
hunkere	hunkeren:v
hussele	husselen:v
identificere	identificeren:v
ijsbere	ijsberen:v
ijvere	ijveren:v
implicere	impliceren:v
importere	importeren:v
industrialisere	industrialiseren:v
infectere	infecteren:v
informere	informeren:v
inspirere	inspireren:v
installere	installeren:v
interagere	interageren:v
interrumpere	interrumperen:v
interveniëre	interveniëren:v
intimidere	intimideren:v
intrigere	intrigeren:v
inundere	inunderen:v
jubele	jubelen:v
kamme	kammen:v
kampere	kamperen:v
kapseize	kapseizen:v
kauwe	kauwen:v
keldere	kelderen:v
kerstene	kerstenen:v
keuvele	keuvelen:v
kietele	kietelen:v
kirre	kirren:v
klautere	klauteren:v
klede	kleden:v
klemme	klemmen:v
kletsregene	kletsregenen:v
kleure	kleuren:v
kleve	kleven:v
kliere	klieren:v
klooie	klooien:v
kluistere	kluisteren:v
kluisters	kluister:n
kluistertje	kluister:n
knabbele	knabbelen:v
knabbels	knabbel:n
knabbeltje	knabbel:n
knede	kneden:v
kneuze	kneuzen:v
kniele	knielen:v
knipoge	knipogen:v
knipoogje	knipoog:n
knuffele	knuffelen:v
kolonisere	koloniseren:v
kopere	koperen:v
kopiëre	kopiëren:v
koppele	koppelen:v
kraaie	kraaien:v
kreukels	kreukel:n
kreukeltje	kreukel:n
kreukele	kreukelen:v
kreune	kreunen:v
kriebele	kriebelen:v
kritisere	kritiseren:v
kronkele	kronkelen:v
kwelle	kwellen:v
kwellen	kwel:n
kwelletje	kwel:n
kwijne	kwijnen:v
klief	klieven:v
kliefde	klieven:v
klieft	klieven:v
kliefden	klieven:v
klievend	klieven:v
gekliefd	klieven:v
kloofen	klieven:v
klieve	klieven:v
lambrisere	lambriseren:v
laarze	laarzen:v
lancere	lanceren:v
lastere	lasteren:v
leerlooie	leerlooien:v
leune	leunen:v
lijme	lijmen:v
lispele	lispelen:v
loeie	loeien:v
logere	logeren:v
luize	luizen:v
lummele	lummelen:v
lummels	lummel:n
lummeltje	lummel:n
manifestere	manifesteren:v
manipulere	manipuleren:v
marchere	marcheren:v
marmere	marmeren:v
martele	martelen:v
maskere	maskeren:v
massere	masseren:v
meesmuile	meesmuilen:v
memorisere	memoriseren:v
metsele	metselen:v
meubilere	meubileren:v
miauwe	miauwen:v
mijmere	mijmeren:v
mishandele	mishandelen:v
misleide	misleiden:v
mompele	mompelen:v
monstere	monsteren:v
moorde	moorden:v
moppere	mopperen:v
morrele	morrelen:v
muile	muilen:v
muilpere	muilperen:v
mutere	muteren:v
naaie	naaien:v
nestele	nestelen:v
nestels	nestel:n
nesteltje	nestel:n
nieze	niezen:v
nominere	nomineren:v
notulere	notuleren:v
offere	offeren:v
oge	oog:n|ogen:v
olië	oliën:v
omarme	omarmen:v
omhelze	omhelzen:v
omklede	omkleden:v
omklemme	omklemmen:v
ommure	ommuren:v
omringe	omringen:v
omzeile	omzeilen:v
omzome	omzomen:v
onderkenne	onderkennen:v
ontbere	ontberen:v
ontbrande	ontbranden:v
ontcijfere	ontcijferen:v
ontere	onteren:v
onterve	onterven:v
ontferme	ontfermen:v
onthoofde	onthoofden:v
onthulle	onthullen:v
ontkenne	ontkennen:v
ontkleede	ontkleden:v
ontlede	ontleden:v
ontmaagde	ontmaagden:v
ontmoedige	ontmoedigen:v
ontrafele	ontrafelen:v
ontregele	ontregelen:v
ontroere	ontroeren:v
ontruime	ontruimen:v
ontsluiere	ontsluieren:v
ontspore	ontsporen:v
ontstemme	ontstemmen:v
ontvoere	ontvoeren:v
ontvreemde	ontvreemden:v
ontwatere	ontwateren:v
ontwenne	ontwennen:v
ontwikkele	ontwikkelen:v
ontworstele	ontworstelen:v
onwere	onweren:v
oordele	oordelen:v
oorvege	oorvegen:v
opbouwen	opbouw:n
oppere	opperen:v
opgeruimder	opgeruimd:a
opgeruimdst	opgeruimd:a
opgeruimde	opgeruimd:a
opstelletje	opstel:n
optimalisere	optimaliseren:v
organisere	organiseren:v
orgele	orgelen:v
overhalen	overhaal:n
overhaaltje	overhaal:n
overhandige	overhandigen:v
overlegge	overleggen:v
overgeleverde	overgeleverd:a
overmeestere	overmeesteren:v
overstrome	overstromen:v
overvleugele	overvleugelen:v
overweldige	overweldigen:v
pandoerden	pandoeren:v
pandoert	pandoeren:v
gepandoerd	pandoeren:v
pandoerend	pandoeren:v
pandoere	pandoeren:v
pandoerde	pandoeren:v
participere	participeren:v
patrouillere	patrouilleren:v
peile	peilen:v
peinze	peinzen:v
perfectionere	perfectioneren:v
peutere	peuteren:v
peuzele	peuzelen:v
peze	pezen:v
pikolle	pikollen:v
planne	plannen:v
plaveie	plaveien:v
pleistere	pleisteren:v
pleisters	pleister:n
pleistertje	pleister:n
ploege	ploegen:v
plooie	plooien:v
pluime	pluimen:v
poge	pogen:v
posere	poseren:v
preparere	prepareren:v
prikkels	prikkel:n
prikkeltje	prikkel:n
prikkele	prikkelen:v
probere	proberen:v
proclamere	proclameren:v
proeve	proeven:v
proflectere	proflecteren:v
projectere	projecteren:v
prononcere	prononceren:v
pruttele	pruttelen:v
pubere	puberen:v
publicere	publiceren:v
onplezieriger	onplezierig:a
onplezierigst	onplezierig:a
onplezierige	onplezierig:a
onplezierigere	onplezierig:a
onplezierigste	onplezierig:a
raadplege	raadplegen:v
ramme	rammen:v
rapportere	rapporteren:v
reagere	reageren:v
realisere	realiseren:v
redenere	redeneren:v
referere	refereren:v
reflectere	reflecteren:v
regissere	regisseren:v
registrere	registreren:v
rehabilitere	rehabiliteren:v
reinige	reinigen:v
rekene	rekenen:v
relatere	relateren:v
relativere	relativeren:v
geremder	geremd:a
geremdst	geremd:a
renegere	renegeren:v
reparere	repareren:v
representere	representeren:v
restaurere	restaureren:v
resultere	resulteren:v
retouchere	retoucheren:v
roddele	roddelen:v
rokere	rokeren:v
romantisere	romantiseren:v
rooie	rood:a|rooien:v
rotere	roteren:v
rouwe	rouwen:v
rubricere	rubriceren:v
ruïnere	ruïneren:v
capricieuzer	capricieus:a
capricieust	capricieus:a
capricieuze	capricieus:a
capricieuzere	capricieus:a
capricieuste	capricieus:a
koloniale	koloniaal:a
kolonialen	koloniaal:n
Spartanen	Spartaan:n
Spartaantje	Spartaan:n
Spartaanser	Spartaans:a
Spartaanst	Spartaans:a
Spartaanse	Spartaans:a
Spartaansere	Spartaans:a
Spartaanste	Spartaans:a
wekelijker	wekelijk:a
wekelijkst	wekelijk:a
wekelijke	wekelijk:a
wekelijkere	wekelijk:a
wekelijkste	wekelijk:a
verwijf	verwijven:v
verwijfde	verwijven:v
verwijft	verwijven:v
verwijfden	verwijven:v
verwijvend	verwijven:v
verwijfd	verwijven:v
hegemonieën	hegemonie:n
facties	factie:n
factiën	factie:n
factietje	factie:n
klieken	kliek:n
kliekje	kliek:n
uitvecht	uitvechten:v
uitvocht	uitvechten:v
uitvochten	uitvechten:v
uitvechtend	uitvechten:v
uitgevochten	uitvechten:v
grondbezitters	grondbezitter:n
grondbezittertje	grondbezitter:n
welstanden	welstand:n
verwijve	verwijven:v
eendere	eender:a
schaduwe	schaduwen:v
schakele	schakelen:v
schakels	schakel:n
schakeltje	schakel:n
schelle	schellen:v|schel:a
scheller	schel:a
schelst	schel:a
schellere	schel:a
schelste	schel:a
schelletje	schel:n
scheure	scheuren:v
schille	schillen:v
schittere	schitteren:v
schitterender	schitterend:a
schitterendst	schitterend:a
schitterende	schitterend:a
schitterendere	schitterend:a
schitterendste	schitterend:a
schoeie	schoeien:v
geschoolder	geschoold:a
geschooldst	geschoold:a
geschoolde	geschoold:a
geschooldere	geschoold:a
geschooldste	geschoold:a
schommele	schommelen:v
schouwe	schouwen:v
schreeuwe	schreeuwen:v
schrobbe	schrobben:v
schroeve	schroeven:v
schrome	schromen:v
schuifele	schuifelen:v
geschuinder	geschuind:a
geschuindst	geschuind:a
scande	scannen:v
scant	scannen:v
scanden	scannen:v
scannend	scannen:v
gescand	scannen:v
schure	schuren:v
servere	serveren:v
siddere	sidderen:v
siere	sieren:v
signalere	signaleren:v
situere	situeren:v
sjorre	sjorren:v
skeelere	skeeleren:v
slentere	slenteren:v
sleutele	sleutelen:v
slingere	slingeren:v
sluimere	sluimeren:v
smade	smaden:v
smere	smeren:v
smeule	smeulen:v
smoezen	smoes:n
smoesje	smoes:n
smoeze	smoezen:v
smokkele	smokkelen:v
smuile	smuilen:v
snoere	snoeren:v
snorre	snorren:v
snuffele	snuffelen:v
spettere	spetteren:v
spetters	spetter:n
spettertje	spetter:n
spijbele	spijbelen:v
spijkere	spijkeren:v
spionere	spioneren:v
sponsore	sponsoren:v
spreide	spreiden:v
sproeie	sproeien:v
spuge	spugen:v
spuwe	spuwen:v
stabilisere	stabiliseren:v
stagnere	stagneren:v
steigere	steigeren:v
stoele	stoelen:v
stoffere	stofferen:v
stofzuige	stofzuigen:v
stolle	stollen:v
strele	strelen:v
streve	streven:v
strieme	striemen:v
strome	stromen:v
strooie	strooien:v
struikele	struikelen:v
struine	struinen:v
stuitere	stuiteren:v
stuwe	stuwen:v
subsidiëre	subsidiëren:v
suddere	sudderen:v
suggerere	suggereren:v
suize	suizen:v
synthetisere	synthetiseren:v
tafele	tafelen:v
tatoeëre	tatoeëren:v
taxere	taxeren:v
telefonere	telefoneren:v
teelde	telen:v
teel	telen:v
geteeld	telen:v
telend	telen:v
teelden	telen:v
temme	temmen:v
tippele	tippelen:v
toegewijder	toegewijd:a
toegewijdst	toegewijd:a
toegewijde	toegewijd:a
toegewijdere	toegewijd:a
toegewijdste	toegewijd:a
tongzoene	tongzoenen:v
tongzoenen	tongzoen:n
tongzoentje	tongzoen:n
tooie	tooien:v
touchere	toucheren:v
tovere	toveren:v
tracere	traceren:v
tralië	traliën:v
trane	tranen:v
transplantere	transplanteren:v
transportere	transporteren:v
trimme	trimmen:v
triomfere	triomferen:v
tuchtige	tuchtigen:v
tuige	tuigen:v
tuiniere	tuinieren:v
ture	turen:v
twijfele	twijfelen:v
typere	typeren:v
urinere	urineren:v
variëre	variëren:v
verafschuwe	verafschuwen:v
verankere	verankeren:v
verantwoorde	verantwoorden:v
verbastere	verbasteren:v
verbaze	verbazen:v
verbetere	verbeteren:v
verbijstere	verbijsteren:v
verbijsterder	verbijsterd:a
verbijsterdst	verbijsterd:a
verbijsterdere	verbijsterd:a
verbijsterdste	verbijsterd:a
verbittere	verbitteren:v
verblijde	verblijden:v
verbloeme	verbloemen:v
verbouwe	verbouwen:v
verbrede	verbreden:v
verbrijzele	verbrijzelen:v
verchrome	verchromen:v
verdedige	verdedigen:v
verdele	verdelen:v
verdiene	verdienen:v
verdoezele	verdoezelen:v
verdove	verdoven:v
verdrievoudige	verdrievoudigen:v
verdubbele	verdubbelen:v
verduistere	verduisteren:v
verdunne	verdunnen:v
verdwale	verdwalen:v
vereenvoudige	vereenvoudigen:v
vereeuwige	vereeuwigen:v
verere	vereren:v
verergere	verergeren:v
verfijne	verfijnen:v
verfilme	verfilmen:v
verflauwe	verflauwen:v
verfoeie	verfoeien:v
verfomfaaie	verfomfaaien:v
verfraaie	verfraaien:v
vergadere	vergaderen:v
vergare	vergaren:v
vergiftige	vergiftigen:v
vergoede	vergoeden:v
vergooie	vergooien:v
vergrendele	vergrendelen:v
verguize	verguizen:v
verharde	verharden:v
verheuge	verheugen:v
verhongere	verhongeren:v
verhore	verhoren:v
verkenne	verkennen:v
verkere	verkeren:v
verkleine	verkleinen:v
verkleure	verkleuren:v
verkoele	verkoelen:v
verkondige	verkondigen:v
verkopere	verkoperen:v
verkreukele	verkreukelen:v
verlage	verlagen:v
verlange	verlangen:v
verlene	verlenen:v
verlenge	verlengen:v
verloedere	verloederen:v
verloochene	verloochenen:v
vermagere	vermageren:v
vermenge	vermengen:v
vermenigvuldige	vermenigvuldigen:v
vermindere	verminderen:v
vermoede	vermoeden:v
vermolme	vermolmen:v
vermomme	vermommen:v
vernedere	vernederen:v
vernieuwe	vernieuwen:v
vernoeme	vernoemen:v
veronderstelle	veronderstellen:v
verontreinige	verontreinigen:v
verontschuldige	verontschuldigen:v
veroordele	veroordelen:v
veropenbare	veropenbaren:v
verordonnere	verordonneren:v
veroudere	verouderen:v
verouderder	verouderd:a
verouderdst	verouderd:a
verouderdere	verouderd:a
verouderdste	verouderd:a
verpande	verpanden:v
verplege	verplegen:v
verroere	verroeren:v
verscheure	verscheuren:v
verschille	verschillen:v
verschone	verschonen:v
versiere	versieren:v
versimpele	versimpelen:v
versjtere	versjteren:v
versleutele	versleutelen:v
versmalle	versmallen:v
versombere	versomberen:v
verspreide	verspreiden:v
verstarre	verstarren:v
verstelle	verstellen:v
verstene	verstenen:v
verstijve	verstijven:v
verstore	verstoren:v
verstramme	verstrammen:v
versture	versturen:v
vertale	vertalen:v
vertegenwoordige	vertegenwoordigen:v
vertelle	vertellen:v
vertrouwe	vertrouwen:v
vervage	vervagen:v
vervele	vervelen:v
vervoege	vervoegen:v
vervoere	vervoeren:v
vervolge	vervolgen:v
vervuile	vervuilen:v
vervulle	vervullen:v
verwarme	verwarmen:v
verwarre	verwarren:v
verwelkome	verwelkomen:v
verwenne	verwennen:v
verwere	verweren:v
verwijde	verwijden:v
verwikkele	verwikkelen:v
verwildere	verwilderen:v
verwonde	verwonden:v
verwondere	verwonderen:v
verwoorde	verwoorden:v
verzadige	verzadigen:v
verzamele	verzamelen:v
verzegele	verzegelen:v
verzekere	verzekeren:v
verzoene	verzoenen:v
verzorge	verzorgen:v
verzuime	verzuimen:v
vibrere	vibreren:v
vlamme	vlammen:v
vleie	vleien:v
vlindere	vlinderen:v
vloeie	vloeien:v
vloere	vloeren:v
vlooie	vlooien:v
voedere	voederen:v
voetballe	voetballen:v
volharde	volharden:v
voltooie	voltooien:v
voorgebereid	voorbereiden:v
voorspelle	voorspellen:v
vouwe	vouwen:v
vure	vuren:v
waardere	waarderen:v
walge	walgen:v
walme	walmen:v
watertande	watertanden:v
wedijvere	wedijveren:v
weergalme	weergalmen:v
weerspiegele	weerspiegelen:v
weifele	weifelen:v
weigere	weigeren:v
wendes	wende:n
wene	wenen:v
wenne	wennen:v
wentele	wentelen:v
wijden	wijde:n
wijdetje	wijde:n
wikkele	wikkelen:v
winkele	winkelen:v
woele	woelen:v
worstele	worstelen:v
wurge	wurgen:v
zaaie	zaaien:v
zadele	zadelen:v
zalvender	zalvend:a
zalvendst	zalvend:a
zalvende	zalvend:a
zalvendere	zalvend:a
zalvendste	zalvend:a
zalve	zalven:v
zegele	zegelen:v
zegene	zegenen:v
zegeviere	zegevieren:v
zeile	zeilen:v
zeure	zeuren:v
zeve	zeven:v
zoeme	zoemen:v
zoene	zoenen:v
zole	zolen:v
zonne	zon:n|zonnen:v|zinnen:v
zorge	zorgen:v
zwaaie	zwaaien:v
zwabbere	zwabberen:v
zweefvliege	zweefvliegen:v
zweefvliegje	zweefvlieg:n
zweve	zweven:v
sceptischer	sceptisch:a
sceptischt	sceptisch:a
sceptische	sceptisch:a
sceptischere	sceptisch:a
sceptischte	sceptisch:a
besnede	besnijden:v
besnijde	besnijden:v
besneedt	besnijden:v
terugstel	terugstellen:v
terugstelde	terugstellen:v
terugstelt	terugstellen:v
terugstelden	terugstellen:v
terugstellend	terugstellen:v
teruggesteld	terugstellen:v
roodharige	roodharig:a
roodharigen	roodharige:n
hinnik	hinniken:v
hinnikte	hinniken:v
hinnikt	hinniken:v
hinnikten	hinniken:v
hinnikend	hinniken:v
gehinnikt	hinniken:v
hinnike	hinniken:v
janke	janken:v
kwame	komen:v
kwaamt	komen:v
knoei	knoeien:v
knoeide	knoeien:v
knoeit	knoeien:v
knoeiden	knoeien:v
knoeiend	knoeien:v
geknoeid	knoeien:v
knoeie	knoeien:v
benodig	benodigen:v
benodigt	benodigen:v
benodigden	benodigen:v
benodigend	benodigen:v
benodige	benodigen:v
verschalk	verschalken:v
verschalkte	verschalken:v
verschalkt	verschalken:v
verschalkten	verschalken:v
verschalkend	verschalken:v
verschalke	verschalken:v
bedot	bedotten:v
bedotte	bedotten:v
bedottend	bedotten:v
belazer	belazeren:v
belazerde	belazeren:v
belazert	belazeren:v
belazerden	belazeren:v
belazerend	belazeren:v
belazerd	belazeren:v
belazere	belazeren:v
beduvel	beduvelen:v
beduvelde	beduvelen:v|beduveld:a
beduvelt	beduvelen:v
beduvelden	beduvelen:v
beduvelend	beduvelen:v
beduveld	beduvelen:v
beduvele	beduvelen:v
ziele	ziel:n
intyp	intypen:v
intypte	intypen:v
intypt	intypen:v
intypten	intypen:v
intypend	intypen:v
ingetypt	intypen:v
intik	intikken:v
intikte	intikken:v
intikt	intikken:v
intikten	intikken:v
intikkend	intikken:v
ingetikt	intikken:v
uittik	uittikken:v
uittikte	uittikken:v
uittikt	uittikken:v
uittikten	uittikken:v
uittikkend	uittikken:v
uitgetikt	uittikken:v
doortik	doortikken:v
doortikte	doortikken:v
doortikt	doortikken:v
doortikten	doortikken:v
doortikkend	doortikken:v
doorgetikt	doortikken:v
typmachines	typmachine:n
typmachinetje	typmachine:n
typmachientje	typmachine:n
typemachine	typmachine:n
uitlees	uitlezen:v
uitlas	uitlezen:v
uitleest	uitlezen:v
uitlazen	uitlezen:v
uitlezend	uitlezen:v
uitgelezen	uitlezen:v
uitgelezener	uitgelezen:a
uitgelezenst	uitgelezen:a
uitgelezenste	uitgelezen:a
insmeer	insmeren:v
insmeerde	insmeren:v
insmeert	insmeren:v
insmeerden	insmeren:v
insmerend	insmeren:v
ingesmeerd	insmeren:v
verhang	verhangen:v
verhing	verhangen:v
verhangt	verhangen:v
verhingen	verhangen:v
verhangend	verhangen:v
verhangen	verhang:n
verhangetje	verhang:n
verhinge	verhangen:v
verhingt	verhangen:v
verhange	verhangen:v
verpruts	verprutsen:v
verprutste	verprutsen:v
verprutst	verprutsen:v
verprutsten	verprutsen:v
verprutsend	verprutsen:v
verprutse	verprutsen:v
pruts	prutsen:v
prutste	prutsen:v
prutst	prutsen:v
prutsten	prutsen:v
prutsend	prutsen:v
geprutst	prutsen:v
prutse	prutsen:v
verknoei	verknoeien:v
verknoeide	verknoeien:v
verknoeit	verknoeien:v
verknoeiden	verknoeien:v
verknoeiend	verknoeien:v
verknoeid	verknoeien:v
verknoeie	verknoeien:v
snackbars	snackbar:n
snackbarretje	snackbar:n
automatieken	automatiek:n
automatiekje	automatiek:n
verkoopautomaten	verkoopautomaat:n
verkoopautomaatje	verkoopautomaat:n
automaten	automaat:n
automaatje	automaat:n
geldautomaten	geldautomaat:n
geldautomaatje	geldautomaat:n
overboodt	overbieden:v
overbode	overbieden:v
overbiede	overbieden:v
bouwmeesters	bouwmeester:n
bouwmeestertje	bouwmeester:n
benut	benutten:v
benutte	benutten:v
benuttend	benutten:v
bruik	bruiken:v
bruikte	bruiken:v
bruikt	bruiken:v
bruikten	bruiken:v
bruikend	bruiken:v
concertgebouwen	concertgebouw:n
concertgebouwtje	concertgebouw:n
bruike	bruiken:v
spreekwoordelijker	spreekwoordelijk:a
spreekwoordelijkst	spreekwoordelijk:a
spreekwoordelijke	spreekwoordelijk:a
spreekwoordelijkere	spreekwoordelijk:a
spreekwoordelijkste	spreekwoordelijk:a
riskeer	riskeren:v
riskeerde	riskeren:v
riskeert	riskeren:v
riskeerden	riskeren:v
riskerend	riskeren:v
geriskeerd	riskeren:v
bot	botten:v
bottend	botten:v
gebot	botten:v
uitbot	uitbotten:v
uitbotte	uitbotten:v
uitbottend	uitbotten:v
uitgebot	uitbotten:v
geiniger	geinig:a
geinigst	geinig:a
geinige	geinig:a
geinigere	geinig:a
geinigste	geinig:a
verbondenheden	verbondenheid:n
afslacht	afslachten:v
afslachtte	afslachten:v
afslachtten	afslachten:v
afslachtend	afslachten:v
afgeslacht	afslachten:v
onderworpenheden	onderworpenheid:n
defensieve	defensief:a
defensiever	defensief:a
defensiefst	defensief:a
defensievere	defensief:a
defensiefste	defensief:a
verblind	verblinden:v
verblindde	verblinden:v
verblindt	verblinden:v
verblindden	verblinden:v
verblindend	verblinden:v
jammerde	jammeren:v
jammert	jammeren:v
jammerden	jammeren:v
jammerend	jammeren:v
gejammerd	jammeren:v
weeklaag	weeklagen:v
weeklaagde	weeklagen:v
weeklaagt	weeklagen:v
weeklaagden	weeklagen:v
weeklagend	weeklagen:v
geweeklaagd	weeklagen:v
lamenteer	lamenteren:v
lamenteerde	lamenteren:v
lamenteert	lamenteren:v
lamenteerden	lamenteren:v
lamenterend	lamenteren:v
gelamenteerd	lamenteren:v
geiliger	geilig:a
geiligst	geilig:a
geilige	geilig:a
geiligere	geilig:a
geiligste	geilig:a
likdoorns	likdoorn:n
likdoorntje	likdoorn:n
likdoren	likdoorn:n
eksterogen	eksteroog:n
eksteroogje	eksteroog:n
verdikte	verdikken:v
verdikt	verdikken:v
verdikten	verdikken:v
verdikkend	verdikken:v
vindiceer	vindiceren:v
vindiceerde	vindiceren:v
vindiceert	vindiceren:v
vindiceerden	vindiceren:v
vindicerend	vindiceren:v
gevindiceerd	vindiceren:v
revindiceer	revindiceren:v
revindiceerde	revindiceren:v
revindiceert	revindiceren:v
revindiceerden	revindiceren:v
revindicerend	revindiceren:v
gerevindiceerd	revindiceren:v
Dafne	Daphne:m
verafgood	verafgoden:v
verafgoodde	verafgoden:v
verafgoodt	verafgoden:v
verafgoodden	verafgoden:v
verafgodend	verafgoden:v
adoreer	adoreren:v
adoreerde	adoreren:v
adoreert	adoreren:v
adoreerden	adoreren:v
adorerend	adoreren:v
geadoreerd	adoreren:v
consolideer	consolideren:v
consolideerde	consolideren:v
consolideert	consolideren:v
consolideerden	consolideren:v
consoliderend	consolideren:v
geconsolideerd	consolideren:v
consolidaties	consolidatie:n
gwn	gewoon:d
knipper	knipperen:v
knipperde	knipperen:v
knippert	knipperen:v
knipperden	knipperen:v
knipperend	knipperen:v
geknipperd	knipperen:v
rondhang	rondhangen:v
rondhing	rondhangen:v
rondhangt	rondhangen:v
rondhingen	rondhangen:v
rondhangend	rondhangen:v
rondgehangen	rondhangen:v
ploeter	ploeteren:v
ploeterde	ploeteren:v
ploetert	ploeteren:v
ploeterden	ploeteren:v
ploeterend	ploeteren:v
geploeterd	ploeteren:v
contactlenzen	contactlens:n
contactlensje	contactlens:n
zwoeg	zwoegen:v
zwoegde	zwoegen:v
zwoegt	zwoegen:v
zwoegden	zwoegen:v
zwoegend	zwoegen:v
gezwoegd	zwoegen:v
toesla	toeslaan:v
toesloeg	toeslaan:v
toeslaat	toeslaan:v
toesloegen	toeslaan:v
toeslaand	toeslaan:v
toegeslagen	toeslaan:v
ontwricht	ontwrichten:v
ontwrichtte	ontwrichten:v
ontwrichtten	ontwrichten:v
ontwrichtend	ontwrichten:v
abstraheer	abstraheren:v
abstraheerde	abstraheren:v
abstraheert	abstraheren:v
abstraheerden	abstraheren:v
abstraherend	abstraheren:v
geabstraheerd	abstraheren:v
riskere	riskeren:v
verblinde	verblinden:v
weeklage	weeklagen:v
lamentere	lamenteren:v
verdikke	verdikken:v
vindicere	vindiceren:v
revindicere	revindiceren:v
verafgode	verafgoden:v
adorere	adoreren:v
consolidere	consolideren:v
knippere	knipperen:v
ploetere	ploeteren:v
zwoege	zwoegen:v
ontwrichte	ontwrichten:v
seksverslaafden	seksverslaafde:n
eenarmige	eenarmig:a
verzuip	verzuipen:v
verzoop	verzuipen:v
verzuipt	verzuipen:v
verzopen	verzuipen:v
verzuipend	verzuipen:v
verzope	verzuipen:v
verzuipe	verzuipen:v
verzoopt	verzuipen:v
verzwind	verzwinden:v
verzwond	verzwinden:v
verzwindt	verzwinden:v
verzwonden	verzwinden:v
verzwindend	verzwinden:v
verzwonde	verzwinden:v
verzwinde	verzwinden:v
verzwondt	verzwinden:v
zwind	zwinden:v
zwond	zwinden:v
zwindt	zwinden:v
zwonden	zwinden:v
zwindend	zwinden:v
gezwonden	zwinden:v
zwonde	zwinden:v
zwondt	zwinden:v
zwinde	zwinden:v
omwikkel	omwikkelen:v
omwikkelde	omwikkelen:v
omwikkelt	omwikkelen:v
omwikkelden	omwikkelen:v
omwikkelend	omwikkelen:v
omwikkeld	omwikkelen:v
omwikkele	omwikkelen:v
vergrijs	vergrijzen:v
vergrijsde	vergrijzen:v
vergrijst	vergrijzen:v
vergrijsden	vergrijzen:v
vergrijzend	vergrijzen:v
vergrijsd	vergrijzen:v
vergrijze	vergrijzen:v
verjong	verjongen:v
verjongde	verjongen:v
verjongt	verjongen:v
verjongden	verjongen:v
verjongend	verjongen:v
verjongd	verjongen:v
verjonge	verjongen:v
onderbouwde	onderbouwen:v
onderbouwt	onderbouwen:v
onderbouwden	onderbouwen:v
onderbouwend	onderbouwen:v
onderbouwd	onderbouwen:v
ondergebouwd	onderbouwen:v
onderbouwe	onderbouwen:v
verrek	verrekken:v
verrekten	verrekken:v
verrekkend	verrekken:v
verrekke	verrekken:v
verdom	verdommen:v
verdomt	verdommen:v
verdomden	verdommen:v
verdommend	verdommen:v
verdomme	verdommen:v
vertik	vertikken:v
vertikte	vertikken:v
vertikt	vertikken:v
vertikten	vertikken:v
vertikkend	vertikken:v
vertikke	vertikken:v
verschrans	verschranzen:v
verschransde	verschranzen:v
verschranst	verschranzen:v
verschransden	verschranzen:v
verschranzend	verschranzen:v
verschransd	verschranzen:v
verschranze	verschranzen:v
verschrijf	verschrijven:v
verschreef	verschrijven:v
verschrijft	verschrijven:v
verschreven	verschrijven:v
verschrijvend	verschrijven:v
beplaat	beplaten:v
beplaatte	beplaten:v
beplaatten	beplaten:v
beplatend	beplaten:v
beplate	beplaten:v
vernederlands	vernederlandsen:v
vernederlandste	vernederlandsen:v
vernederlandst	vernederlandsen:v
vernederlandsten	vernederlandsen:v
vernederlandsend	vernederlandsen:v
vernederlandse	vernederlandsen:v
uitbesteed	uitbesteden:v
uitbesteedde	uitbesteden:v
uitbesteedt	uitbesteden:v
uitbesteedden	uitbesteden:v
uitbestedend	uitbesteden:v
klimaatregelingen	klimaatregeling:n
klimaatregelinkje	klimaatregeling:n
botsballonnen	botsballon:n
botsballons	botsballon:n
botsballonnetje	botsballon:n
blikvangers	blikvanger:n
blikvangertje	blikvanger:n
gegevensbestanden	gegevensbestand:n
gegevensbestandje	gegevensbestand:n
hebbedingen	hebbeding:n
hebbedingetje	hebbeding:n
luchtkussens	luchtkussen:n
luchtkussentje	luchtkussen:n
meerkeuzevragen	meerkeuzevraag:n
meerkeuzevraagje	meerkeuzevraag:n
stroopwafels	stroopwafel:n
stroopwafeltje	stroopwafel:n
krachtbronnen	krachtbron:n
krachtbronnetje	krachtbron:n
energiebronnen	energiebron:n
energiebronnetje	energiebron:n
spanningsbronnen	spanningsbron:n
spanningsbronnetje	spanningsbron:n
kortsluit	kortsluiten:v
kortsloot	kortsluiten:v
kortsloten	kortsluiten:v
kortsluitend	kortsluiten:v
kortgesloten	kortsluiten:v
verpieter	verpieteren:v
verpieterde	verpieteren:v
verpietert	verpieteren:v
verpieterden	verpieteren:v
verpieterend	verpieteren:v
verpieterd	verpieteren:v
verpietere	verpieteren:v
integreer	integreren:v
integreerde	integreren:v
integreert	integreren:v
integreerden	integreren:v
integrerend	integreren:v
geïntegreerd	integreren:v
integrere	integreren:v
wagenzieker	wagenziek:a
wagenziekst	wagenziek:a
wagenzieke	wagenziek:a
wagenziekere	wagenziek:a
wagenziekste	wagenziek:a
luchtzieker	luchtziek:a
luchtziekst	luchtziek:a
luchtzieke	luchtziek:a
luchtziekere	luchtziek:a
luchtziekste	luchtziek:a
ruimtezieker	ruimteziek:a
ruimteziekst	ruimteziek:a
ruimtezieke	ruimteziek:a
ruimteziekere	ruimteziek:a
ruimteziekste	ruimteziek:a
zeezieker	zeeziek:a
zeeziekst	zeeziek:a
zeezieke	zeeziek:a
zeeziekere	zeeziek:a
zeeziekste	zeeziek:a
zonnebaad	zonnebaden:v
zonnebaadde	zonnebaden:v
zonnebaadt	zonnebaden:v
zonnebaadden	zonnebaden:v
zonnebadend	zonnebaden:v
gezonnebaad	zonnebaden:v
zonnebade	zonnebaden:v
verpot	verpotten:v
verpotte	verpotten:v
verpottend	verpotten:v
verplant	verplanten:v
verplantte	verplanten:v
verplantten	verplanten:v
verplantend	verplanten:v
verplante	verplanten:v
schoffelde	schoffelen:v
schoffelt	schoffelen:v
schoffelden	schoffelen:v
schoffelend	schoffelen:v
geschoffeld	schoffelen:v
schoffele	schoffelen:v
vlinderstruiken	vlinderstruik:n
vlinderstruikje	vlinderstruik:n
maagdenpalmen	maagdenpalm:n
maagdenpalmpje	maagdenpalm:n
nasiballen	nasibal:n
nasiballetje	nasibal:n
kroketten	kroket:n
kroketje	kroket:n
frieten	friet:n
frietje	friet:n
patatten	patat:n
patatje	patat:n
erwtensoepen	erwtensoep:n
erwtensoepje	erwtensoep:n
blaker	blakeren:v
blakerde	blakeren:v
blakert	blakeren:v
blakerden	blakeren:v
blakerend	blakeren:v
geblakerd	blakeren:v
blakers	blaker:n
blakere	blakeren:v
schroei	schroeien:v
schroeide	schroeien:v
schroeit	schroeien:v
schroeiden	schroeien:v
schroeiend	schroeien:v
geschroeid	schroeien:v
schroeie	schroeien:v
zengde	zengen:v
zengt	zengen:v
zengden	zengen:v
zengend	zengen:v
gezengd	zengen:v
zenge	zengen:v
verzeng	verzengen:v
verzengde	verzengen:v
verzengt	verzengen:v
verzengden	verzengen:v
verzengend	verzengen:v
verzengd	verzengen:v
verschroei	verschroeien:v
verschroeide	verschroeien:v
verschroeit	verschroeien:v
verschroeiden	verschroeien:v
verschroeiend	verschroeien:v
verschroeid	verschroeien:v
verzenge	verzengen:v
verschroeie	verschroeien:v
verkool	verkolen:v
verkoolde	verkolen:v
verkoolt	verkolen:v
verkoolden	verkolen:v
verkolend	verkolen:v
verkoold	verkolen:v
verkole	verkolen:v
uitkuur	uitkuren:v
uitkuurde	uitkuren:v
uitkuurt	uitkuren:v
uitkuurden	uitkuren:v
uitkurend	uitkuren:v
uitgekuurd	uitkuren:v
spamde	spammen:v
spamt	spammen:v
spamden	spammen:v
spammend	spammen:v
gespamd	spammen:v
spamme	spammen:v
herstart	herstarten:v
herstartte	herstarten:v
herstartten	herstarten:v
herstartend	herstarten:v
herstarte	herstarten:v
zwets	zwetsen:v
zwetste	zwetsen:v
zwetst	zwetsen:v
zwetsten	zwetsen:v
zwetsend	zwetsen:v
gezwetst	zwetsen:v
zwetse	zwetsen:v
kalde	kallen:v
kalden	kallen:v
kallend	kallen:v
gekald	kallen:v
raaskal	raaskallen:v
raaskalde	raaskallen:v
raaskalt	raaskallen:v
raaskalden	raaskallen:v
raaskallend	raaskallen:v
geraaskald	raaskallen:v
raaskalle	raaskallen:v
gekscheer	gekscheren:v
gekscheerde	gekscheren:v
gekscheert	gekscheren:v
gekscheerden	gekscheren:v
gekscherend	gekscheren:v
gegekscheerd	gekscheren:v
gekschere	gekscheren:v
inklok	inklokken:v
inklokte	inklokken:v
inklokt	inklokken:v
inklokten	inklokken:v
inklokkend	inklokken:v
ingeklokt	inklokken:v
sleede	sleeën:v
sleeden	sleeën:v
sleeënd	sleeën:v
gesleed	sleeën:v
haspels	haspel:n
haspeltje	haspel:n
verhaspel	verhaspelen:v
verhaspelde	verhaspelen:v
verhaspelt	verhaspelen:v
verhaspelden	verhaspelen:v
verhaspelend	verhaspelen:v
verhaspeld	verhaspelen:v
verhaspele	verhaspelen:v
afspoel	afspoelen:v
afspoelde	afspoelen:v
afspoelt	afspoelen:v
afspoelden	afspoelen:v
afspoelend	afspoelen:v
afgespoeld	afspoelen:v
doorspoel	doorspoelen:v
doorspoelde	doorspoelen:v
doorspoelt	doorspoelen:v
doorspoelden	doorspoelen:v
doorspoelend	doorspoelen:v
doorspoeld	doorspoelen:v
doorgespoeld	doorspoelen:v
overspoel	overspoelen:v
overspoelde	overspoelen:v
overspoelt	overspoelen:v
overspoelden	overspoelen:v
overspoelend	overspoelen:v
overspoeld	overspoelen:v
overspoele	overspoelen:v
uitspoel	uitspoelen:v
uitspoelde	uitspoelen:v
uitspoelt	uitspoelen:v
uitspoelden	uitspoelen:v
uitspoelend	uitspoelen:v
uitgespoeld	uitspoelen:v
terugspoel	terugspoelen:v
terugspoelde	terugspoelen:v
terugspoelt	terugspoelen:v
terugspoelden	terugspoelen:v
terugspoelend	terugspoelen:v
teruggespoeld	terugspoelen:v
vooruitspoel	vooruitspoelen:v
vooruitspoelde	vooruitspoelen:v
vooruitspoelt	vooruitspoelen:v
vooruitspoelden	vooruitspoelen:v
vooruitspoelend	vooruitspoelen:v
vooruitgespoeld	vooruitspoelen:v
tegenwerk	tegenwerken:v
tegenwerkte	tegenwerken:v
tegenwerkt	tegenwerken:v
tegenwerkten	tegenwerken:v
tegenwerkend	tegenwerken:v
tegengewerkt	tegenwerken:v
indenk	indenken:v
indacht	indenken:v
indenkt	indenken:v
indachten	indenken:v
indenkend	indenken:v
ingedacht	indenken:v
tegenwichten	tegenwicht:n
tegenwichtje	tegenwicht:n
doordenk	doordenken:v
doordenkt	doordenken:v
doordachten	doordenken:v
doordenkend	doordenken:v
doorgedacht	doordenken:v
doordachte	doordenken:v
doordenke	doordenken:v
tegenaanvallen	tegenaanval:n
tegenaanvalletje	tegenaanval:n
vernieuwers	vernieuwer:n
Hongaarsen	Hongaarse:n
travestieten	travestiet:n
travestietje	travestiet:n
expandeer	expanderen:v
expandeerde	expanderen:v
expandeert	expanderen:v
expandeerden	expanderen:v
expanderend	expanderen:v
geëxpandeerd	expanderen:v
expansies	expansie:n
minimaliseer	minimaliseren:v
minimaliseerde	minimaliseren:v
minimaliseert	minimaliseren:v
minimaliseerden	minimaliseren:v
minimaliserend	minimaliseren:v
geminimaliseerd	minimaliseren:v
maximaliseer	maximaliseren:v
maximaliseerde	maximaliseren:v
maximaliseert	maximaliseren:v
maximaliseerden	maximaliseren:v
maximaliserend	maximaliseren:v
gemaximaliseerd	maximaliseren:v
minimalisere	minimaliseren:v
maximalisere	maximaliseren:v
generaliseer	generaliseren:v
generaliseerde	generaliseren:v
generaliseert	generaliseren:v
generaliseerden	generaliseren:v
generaliserend	generaliseren:v
gegeneraliseerd	generaliseren:v
specificeer	specificeren:v
specificeerde	specificeren:v
specificeert	specificeren:v
specificeerden	specificeren:v
specificerend	specificeren:v
gespecificeerd	specificeren:v
generalisere	generaliseren:v
specificere	specificeren:v
snelkoppelingen	snelkoppeling:n
snelkoppelingetje	snelkoppeling:n
snelkoppelinkje	snelkoppeling:n
gaspedalen	gaspedaal:n
gaspedaaltje	gaspedaal:n
pedalen	pedaal:n
pedaaltje	pedaal:n
koppelingspedalen	koppelingspedaal:n
koppelingspedaaltje	koppelingspedaal:n
rempedalen	rempedaal:n
rempedaaltje	rempedaal:n
uploadde	uploaden:v
uploadt	uploaden:v
uploadden	uploaden:v
uploadend	uploaden:v
geüpload	uploaden:v
upgeload	uploaden:v
uploade	uploaden:v
bandbreedtes	bandbreedte:n
draaggolven	draaggolf:n
demoduleer	demoduleren:v
demoduleerde	demoduleren:v
demoduleert	demoduleren:v
demoduleerden	demoduleren:v
demodulerend	demoduleren:v
gedemoduleerd	demoduleren:v
demodulere	demoduleren:v
zijbanden	zijband:n
zijbandje	zijband:n
amplitudemodulaties	amplitudemodulatie:n
amplitudemodulatietje	amplitudemodulatie:n
frequentiemodulaties	frequentiemodulatie:n
frequentiemodulatietje	frequentiemodulatie:n
modulaties	modulatie:n
modulatietje	modulatie:n
enkelzijbandmodulaties	enkelzijbandmodulatie:n
lostrek	lostrekken:v
lostrok	lostrekken:v
lostrekt	lostrekken:v
lostrokken	lostrekken:v
lostrekkend	lostrekken:v
losgetrokken	lostrekken:v
vastplak	vastplakken:v
vastplakte	vastplakken:v
vastplakt	vastplakken:v
vastplakten	vastplakken:v
vastplakkend	vastplakken:v
vastgeplakt	vastplakken:v
inlog	inloggen:v
inlogde	inloggen:v
inlogt	inloggen:v
inlogden	inloggen:v
inloggend	inloggen:v
ingelogd	inloggen:v
uitlog	uitloggen:v
uitlogde	uitloggen:v
uitlogt	uitloggen:v
uitlogden	uitloggen:v
uitloggend	uitloggen:v
uitgelogd	uitloggen:v
crashte	crashen:v
crasht	crashen:v
crashten	crashen:v
crashend	crashen:v
gecrasht	crashen:v
schommelstoelen	schommelstoel:n
schommelstoeltje	schommelstoel:n
componere	componeren:v
rivalen	rivaal:n
rivaaltje	rivaal:n
oprol	oprollen:v
oprolde	oprollen:v
oprolt	oprollen:v
oprolden	oprollen:v
oprollend	oprollen:v
opgerold	oprollen:v
vadersteden	vaderstad:n
vaderstadje	vaderstad:n
dubieuzer	dubieus:a
dubieust	dubieus:a
dubieuze	dubieus:a
dubieuzere	dubieus:a
dubieuste	dubieus:a
docht	dunken:v
dunkt	dunken:v
dochten	dunken:v
dunkend	dunken:v
gedocht	dunken:v
dunkte	dunken:v
dunkten	dunken:v
gedunkt	dunken:v
dochte	dunken:v
dunke	dunken:v
boemannen	boeman:n
boemannetje	boeman:n
rivaliteiten	rivaliteit:n
rivaliteitje	rivaliteit:n
uitbuit	uitbuiten:v
uitbuitte	uitbuiten:v
uitbuitten	uitbuiten:v
uitbuitend	uitbuiten:v
uitgebuit	uitbuiten:v
volksstammen	volksstam:n
volksstammetje	volksstam:n
troepen	troep:n
troepje	troep:n
maritieme	maritiem:a
vergeld	vergelden:v
vergold	vergelden:v
vergeldt	vergelden:v
vergolden	vergelden:v
vergeldend	vergelden:v
falanxen	falanx:n
falanxje	falanx:n
bestorm	bestormen:v
bestormde	bestormen:v
bestormt	bestormen:v
bestormden	bestormen:v
bestormend	bestormen:v
bestormd	bestormen:v
bestormingen	bestorming:n
bestorminkje	bestorming:n
vergelde	vergelden:v
vergoldt	vergelden:v
vergolde	vergelden:v
bestorme	bestormen:v
abdicaties	abdicatie:n
abdicatietje	abdicatie:n
troonsafstanden	troonsafstand:n
abdiceer	abdiceren:v
abdiceerde	abdiceren:v
abdiceert	abdiceren:v
abdiceerden	abdiceren:v
abdicerend	abdiceren:v
geabdiceerd	abdiceren:v
opklim	opklimmen:v
opklom	opklimmen:v
opklimt	opklimmen:v
opklommen	opklimmen:v
opklimmend	opklimmen:v
opgeklommen	opklimmen:v
conservatiever	conservatief:a
conservatiefst	conservatief:a
conservatieve	conservatief:a
conservatievere	conservatief:a
conservatiefste	conservatief:a
conservatieven	conservatief:n
rasechter	rasecht:a
rasechtst	rasecht:a
rasechte	rasecht:a
rasechtere	rasecht:a
rasechtste	rasecht:a
constitutionele	constitutioneel:a
smadelijker	smadelijk:a
smadelijkst	smadelijk:a
smadelijke	smadelijk:a
smadelijkere	smadelijk:a
smadelijkste	smadelijk:a
Pruisische	Pruisisch:a
annexaties	annexatie:n
annexatietje	annexatie:n
proclamaties	proclamatie:n
proclamatietje	proclamatie:n
autoritairder	autoritair:a
autoritairst	autoritair:a
autoritaire	autoritair:a
autoritairdere	autoritair:a
autoritairste	autoritair:a
bijtank	bijtanken:v
bijtankte	bijtanken:v
bijtankt	bijtanken:v
bijtankten	bijtanken:v
bijtankend	bijtanken:v
bijgetankt	bijtanken:v
equipeer	equiperen:v
equipeerde	equiperen:v
equipeert	equiperen:v
equipeerden	equiperen:v
equiperend	equiperen:v
geëquipeerd	equiperen:v
breidel	breidelen:v
breidelde	breidelen:v
breidelt	breidelen:v
breidelden	breidelen:v
breidelend	breidelen:v
gebreideld	breidelen:v
distilleer	distilleren:v
distilleerde	distilleren:v
distilleert	distilleren:v
distilleerden	distilleren:v
distillerend	distilleren:v
gedistilleerd	distilleren:v
destilleren	distilleren:v
augmenteer	augmenteren:v
augmenteerde	augmenteren:v
augmenteert	augmenteren:v
augmenteerden	augmenteren:v
augmenterend	augmenteren:v
geaugmenteerd	augmenteren:v
vermeerder	vermeerderen:v
vermeerderde	vermeerderen:v
vermeerdert	vermeerderen:v
vermeerderden	vermeerderen:v
vermeerderend	vermeerderen:v
vermeerderd	vermeerderen:v
equipere	equiperen:v
breidels	breidel:n
breideltje	breidel:n
breidele	breidelen:v
distillere	distilleren:v
augmentere	augmenteren:v
vermeerdere	vermeerderen:v
versnipper	versnipperen:v
versnipperde	versnipperen:v
versnippert	versnipperen:v
versnipperden	versnipperen:v
versnipperend	versnipperen:v
versnipperd	versnipperen:v
versnippere	versnipperen:v
verhaar	verharen:v
verhaarde	verharen:v
verhaart	verharen:v
verhaarden	verharen:v
verharend	verharen:v
verhaard	verharen:v
verhare	verharen:v
vervel	vervellen:v
vervelde	vervellen:v
vervelt	vervellen:v
vervelden	vervellen:v
vervellend	vervellen:v
verveld	vervellen:v
vervelle	vervellen:v
vergroei	vergroeien:v
vergroeide	vergroeien:v
vergroeit	vergroeien:v
vergroeiden	vergroeien:v
vergroeiend	vergroeien:v
vergroeid	vergroeien:v
vergroeie	vergroeien:v
bekeur	bekeuren:v
bekeurde	bekeuren:v
bekeurt	bekeuren:v
bekeurden	bekeuren:v
bekeurend	bekeuren:v
bekeurd	bekeuren:v
bekeure	bekeuren:v
inlaad	inladen:v
inlaadde	inladen:v
inlaadt	inladen:v
inlaadden	inladen:v
inladend	inladen:v
ingeladen	inladen:v
uitlaad	uitladen:v
uitlaadde	uitladen:v
uitlaadt	uitladen:v
uitlaadden	uitladen:v
uitladend	uitladen:v
uitgeladen	uitladen:v
verlaad	verladen:v
verlaadde	verladen:v
verlaadt	verladen:v
verlaadden	verladen:v
verladend	verladen:v
verlade	verladen:v
uitpak	uitpakken:v
uitpakte	uitpakken:v
uitpakt	uitpakken:v
uitpakten	uitpakken:v
uitpakkend	uitpakken:v
uitgepakt	uitpakken:v
executeer	executeren:v
executeerde	executeren:v
executeert	executeren:v
executeerden	executeren:v
executerend	executeren:v
geëxecuteerd	executeren:v
executere	executeren:v
uitdeel	uitdelen:v
uitdeelde	uitdelen:v
uitdeelt	uitdelen:v
uitdeelden	uitdelen:v
uitdelend	uitdelen:v
uitgedeeld	uitdelen:v
plotte	plotten:v
plottend	plotten:v
geplot	plotten:v
trakteer	trakteren:v
trakteerde	trakteren:v
trakteert	trakteren:v
trakteerden	trakteren:v
trakterend	trakteren:v
getrakteerd	trakteren:v
traktere	trakteren:v
opfris	opfrissen:v
opfriste	opfrissen:v
opfrist	opfrissen:v
opfristen	opfrissen:v
opfrissend	opfrissen:v
opgefrist	opfrissen:v
ververs	verversen:v
ververste	verversen:v
ververst	verversen:v
verversten	verversen:v
verversend	verversen:v
ververse	verversen:v
aviateurs	aviateur:n
aviateurtje	aviateur:n
inparkeer	inparkeren:v
inparkeerde	inparkeren:v
inparkeert	inparkeren:v
inparkeerden	inparkeren:v
inparkerend	inparkeren:v
ingeparkeerd	inparkeren:v
conjugeer	conjugeren:v
conjugeerde	conjugeren:v
conjugeert	conjugeren:v
conjugeerden	conjugeren:v
conjugerend	conjugeren:v
geconjugeerd	conjugeren:v
declineer	declineren:v
declineerde	declineren:v
declineert	declineren:v
declineerden	declineren:v
declinerend	declineren:v
gedeclineerd	declineren:v
conjugere	conjugeren:v
declinere	declineren:v
reviseer	reviseren:v
reviseerde	reviseren:v
reviseert	reviseren:v
reviseerden	reviseren:v
reviserend	reviseren:v
gereviseerd	reviseren:v
revisere	reviseren:v
indexeer	indexeren:v
indexeerde	indexeren:v
indexeert	indexeren:v
indexeerden	indexeren:v
indexerend	indexeren:v
geïndexeerd	indexeren:v
indexere	indexeren:v
ratelde	ratelen:v
ratelt	ratelen:v
ratelden	ratelen:v
ratelend	ratelen:v
gerateld	ratelen:v
ratele	ratelen:v
rammel	rammelen:v
rammelde	rammelen:v
rammelt	rammelen:v
rammelden	rammelen:v
rammelend	rammelen:v
gerammeld	rammelen:v
rammele	rammelen:v
rammels	rammel:n
rammeltje	rammel:n
zeepkisten	zeepkist:n
zeepkistje	zeepkist:n
indruk	indrukken:v
indrukte	indrukken:v
indrukt	indrukken:v
indrukten	indrukken:v
indrukkend	indrukken:v
ingedrukt	indrukken:v
verdruk	verdrukken:v
verdrukte	verdrukken:v
verdrukt	verdrukken:v
verdrukten	verdrukken:v
verdrukkend	verdrukken:v
verdrukke	verdrukken:v
inklap	inklappen:v
inklapte	inklappen:v
inklapt	inklappen:v
inklapten	inklappen:v
inklappend	inklappen:v
ingeklapt	inklappen:v
uitklap	uitklappen:v
uitklapte	uitklappen:v
uitklapt	uitklappen:v
uitklapten	uitklappen:v
uitklappend	uitklappen:v
uitgeklapt	uitklappen:v
applaudisseer	applaudisseren:v
applaudisseerde	applaudisseren:v
applaudisseert	applaudisseren:v
applaudisseerden	applaudisseren:v
applaudisserend	applaudisseren:v
geapplaudisseerd	applaudisseren:v
applaudissere	applaudisseren:v
navigeer	navigeren:v
navigeerde	navigeren:v
navigeert	navigeren:v
navigeerden	navigeren:v
navigerend	navigeren:v
genavigeerd	navigeren:v
navigaties	navigatie:n
navigatietje	navigatie:n
klep	kleppen:v
klepte	kleppen:v
klept	kleppen:v
klepten	kleppen:v
kleppend	kleppen:v
geklept	kleppen:v
kleppen	klep:n
klepje	klep:n
kleppe	kleppen:v
mafte	maffen:v
maft	maffen:v
maften	maffen:v
maffend	maffen:v
gemaft	maffen:v
duikel	duikelen:v
duikelde	duikelen:v
duikelt	duikelen:v
duikelden	duikelen:v
duikelend	duikelen:v
geduikeld	duikelen:v
duikele	duikelen:v
buitel	buitelen:v
buitelde	buitelen:v
buitelt	buitelen:v
buitelden	buitelen:v
buitelend	buitelen:v
gebuiteld	buitelen:v
buitele	buitelen:v
ontrol	ontrollen:v
ontrolde	ontrollen:v
ontrolt	ontrollen:v
ontrolden	ontrollen:v
ontrollend	ontrollen:v
ontrold	ontrollen:v
ontrolle	ontrollen:v
uitrol	uitrollen:v
uitrolde	uitrollen:v
uitrolt	uitrollen:v
uitrolden	uitrollen:v
uitrollend	uitrollen:v
uitgerold	uitrollen:v
uitrollen	uitrol:n
uitruk	uitrukken:v
uitrukte	uitrukken:v
uitrukt	uitrukken:v
uitrukten	uitrukken:v
uitrukkend	uitrukken:v
uitgerukt	uitrukken:v
uitloop	uitlopen:v
uitliep	uitlopen:v
uitloopt	uitlopen:v
uitliepen	uitlopen:v
uitlopend	uitlopen:v
uitgelopen	uitlopen:v
capitulaties	capitulatie:n
capitulatiën	capitulatie:n
omtover	omtoveren:v
omtoverde	omtoveren:v
omtovert	omtoveren:v
omtoverden	omtoveren:v
omtoverend	omtoveren:v
omgetoverd	omtoveren:v
aaneendraai	aaneendraaien:v
aaneendraaide	aaneendraaien:v
aaneendraait	aaneendraaien:v
aaneendraaiden	aaneendraaien:v
aaneendraaiend	aaneendraaien:v
geels	geel:a
wereldtentoonstellingen	wereldtentoonstelling:n
wereldtentoonstellinkje	wereldtentoonstelling:n
socialer	sociaal:a
sociaalst	sociaal:a
socialere	sociaal:a
sociaalste	sociaal:a
concertmeesters	concertmeester:n
concertmeestertje	concertmeester:n
resteer	resteren:v
resteerde	resteren:v
resteert	resteren:v
resteerden	resteren:v
geresteerd	resteren:v
platenspelers	platenspeler:n
platenspelertje	platenspeler:n
contragewichten	contragewicht:n
contragewichtje	contragewicht:n
restere	resteren:v
regelbare	regelbaar:a
vindingen	vinding:n
vindinkje	vinding:n
handelsbetrekkingen	handelsbetrekking:n
propageer	propageren:v
propageerde	propageren:v
propageert	propageren:v
propageerden	propageren:v
propagerend	propageren:v
gepropageerd	propageren:v
architecturen	architectuur:n
eeuwwisselingen	eeuwwisseling:n
meesterwerken	meesterwerk:n
meesterwerkje	meesterwerk:n
bijklanken	bijklank:n
bijklankje	bijklank:n
verspreiders	verspreider:n
verspreidertje	verspreider:n
identiteitsbewijzen	identiteitsbewijs:n
identiteitsbewijsje	identiteitsbewijs:n
juistheden	juistheid:n
platenwinkels	platenwinkel:n
platenwinkeltje	platenwinkel:n
verhuur	verhuren:v
verhuurde	verhuren:v
verhuurt	verhuren:v
verhuurden	verhuren:v
verhurend	verhuren:v
verhuurd	verhuren:v
videotheken	videotheek:n
videotheekje	videotheek:n
oprichters	oprichter:n
oprichtertje	oprichter:n
legaliseer	legaliseren:v
legaliseerde	legaliseren:v
legaliseert	legaliseren:v
legaliseerden	legaliseren:v
legaliserend	legaliseren:v
gelegaliseerd	legaliseren:v
minderjarigen	minderjarige:n
minderjarige	minderjarig:a
ondoorzichtige	ondoorzichtig:a
IJslandsen	IJslandse:n
levensstijlen	levensstijl:n
votieve	votief:a
inscripties	inscriptie:n
inscriptietje	inscriptie:n
graveer	graveren:v
graveerde	graveren:v
graveert	graveren:v
graveerden	graveren:v
graverend	graveren:v
gegraveerd	graveren:v
inkervingen	inkerving:n
inkervinkje	inkerving:n
songteksten	songtekst:n
songtekstje	songtekst:n
attesteer	attesteren:v
attesteerde	attesteren:v
attesteert	attesteren:v
attesteerden	attesteren:v
attesterend	attesteren:v
geattesteerd	attesteren:v
verbreid	verbreiden:v|verbreien:v
verbreidde	verbreiden:v
verbreidt	verbreiden:v
verbreidden	verbreiden:v
verbreidend	verbreiden:v
uitzweet	uitzweten:v
uitzweette	uitzweten:v
uitzweetten	uitzweten:v
uitzwetend	uitzweten:v
uitgezweet	uitzweten:v
exsudaties	exsudatie:n
exsudaten	exsudaat:n
exsudaatje	exsudaat:n
kuipte	kuipen:v
kuipt	kuipen:v
kuipten	kuipen:v
kuipend	kuipen:v
gekuipt	kuipen:v
overrulede	overrulen:v
overrulet	overrulen:v
overruleden	overrulen:v
overrulend	overrulen:v
vooraanzichten	vooraanzicht:n
vooraanzichtje	vooraanzicht:n
afkus	afkussen:v
afkuste	afkussen:v
afkust	afkussen:v
afkusten	afkussen:v
afkussend	afkussen:v
afgekust	afkussen:v
disputeer	disputeren:v
disputeerde	disputeren:v
disputeert	disputeren:v
disputeerden	disputeren:v
disputerend	disputeren:v
gedisputeerd	disputeren:v
disputaties	disputatie:n
disputatietje	disputatie:n
kibbel	kibbelen:v
kibbelde	kibbelen:v
kibbelt	kibbelen:v
kibbelden	kibbelen:v
kibbelend	kibbelen:v
gekibbeld	kibbelen:v
bakkelei	bakkeleien:v
bakkeleide	bakkeleien:v
bakkeleit	bakkeleien:v
bakkeleiden	bakkeleien:v
bakkeleiend	bakkeleien:v
gebakkeleid	bakkeleien:v
kissebis	kissebissen:v
kissebiste	kissebissen:v
kissebist	kissebissen:v
kissebisten	kissebissen:v
kissebissend	kissebissen:v
gekissebist	kissebissen:v
ruziede	ruziën:v
ruziet	ruziën:v
ruzieden	ruziën:v
ruziënd	ruziën:v
geruzied	ruziën:v
fruitmanden	fruitmand:n
fruitmandje	fruitmand:n
ontnuchter	ontnuchteren:v
ontnuchterde	ontnuchteren:v
ontnuchtert	ontnuchteren:v
ontnuchterden	ontnuchteren:v
ontnuchterend	ontnuchteren:v
ontnuchterd	ontnuchteren:v
ontgoochel	ontgoochelen:v
ontgoochelde	ontgoochelen:v
ontgoochelt	ontgoochelen:v
ontgoochelden	ontgoochelen:v
ontgoochelend	ontgoochelen:v
ontgoocheld	ontgoochelen:v
sluisde	sluizen:v
sluist	sluizen:v
sluisden	sluizen:v
sluizend	sluizen:v
gesluisd	sluizen:v
goochel	goochelen:v
goochelde	goochelen:v
goochelt	goochelen:v
goochelden	goochelen:v
goochelend	goochelen:v
gegoocheld	goochelen:v
ontkoppel	ontkoppelen:v
ontkoppelde	ontkoppelen:v
ontkoppelt	ontkoppelen:v
ontkoppelden	ontkoppelen:v
ontkoppelend	ontkoppelen:v
ontkoppeld	ontkoppelen:v
attributen	attribuut:n
attribuutje	attribuut:n
middenste	middenst:a
aanwin	aanwinnen:v
aanwon	aanwinnen:v
aanwint	aanwinnen:v
aanwonnen	aanwinnen:v
aanwinnend	aanwinnen:v
aangewonnen	aanwinnen:v
bovenste	bovenst:a
dunde	dunnen:v
dunden	dunnen:v
dunnend	dunnen:v
gedund	dunnen:v
onderste	onderst:a
decimeer	decimeren:v
decimeerde	decimeren:v
decimeert	decimeren:v
decimeerden	decimeren:v
decimerend	decimeren:v
gedecimeerd	decimeren:v
declareer	declareren:v
declareerde	declareren:v
declareert	declareren:v
declareerden	declareren:v
declarerend	declareren:v
gedeclareerd	declareren:v
heropen	heropenen:v
heropende	heropenen:v
heropent	heropenen:v
heropenden	heropenen:v
heropenend	heropenen:v
heropend	heropenen:v
moois	mooi:a
evasies	evasie:n
evasiever	evasief:a
evasiefst	evasief:a
evasieve	evasief:a
evasievere	evasief:a
evasiefste	evasief:a
ecraseer	ecraseren:v
ecraseerde	ecraseren:v
ecraseert	ecraseren:v
ecraseerden	ecraseren:v
ecraserend	ecraseren:v
geëcraseerd	ecraseren:v
ontwijkingen	ontwijking:n
weerleg	weerleggen:v
weerlegde	weerleggen:v
weerlegt	weerleggen:v
weerlegden	weerleggen:v
weerleggend	weerleggen:v
weerlegd	weerleggen:v
refuteer	refuteren:v
refuteerde	refuteren:v
refuteert	refuteren:v
refuteerden	refuteren:v
refuterend	refuteren:v
gerefuteerd	refuteren:v
ruimteschepen	ruimteschip:n
ruimtescheepje	ruimteschip:n
evacueer	evacueren:v
evacueerde	evacueren:v
evacueert	evacueren:v
evacueerden	evacueren:v
evacuerend	evacueren:v
geëvacueerd	evacueren:v
evaluaties	evaluatie:n
evaluatietje	evaluatie:n
daver	daveren:v
daverde	daveren:v
davert	daveren:v
daverden	daveren:v
daverend	daveren:v
gedaverd	daveren:v
dender	denderen:v
denderde	denderen:v
dendert	denderen:v
denderden	denderen:v
denderend	denderen:v
gedenderd	denderen:v
haakse	haaks:a
perinatale	perinataal:a
defecaties	defecatie:n
ontlastinkje	ontlasting:n
ontlast	ontlasten:v
ontlastte	ontlasten:v
ontlastten	ontlasten:v
ontlastend	ontlasten:v
tutoyeer	tutoyeren:v
tutoyeerde	tutoyeren:v
tutoyeert	tutoyeren:v
tutoyeerden	tutoyeren:v
tutoyerend	tutoyeren:v
getutoyeerd	tutoyeren:v
jouen	jijen:v
jijde	jijen:v
jijt	jijen:v
jijden	jijen:v
jijend	jijen:v
gejijd	jijen:v
vousvoyeer	vousvoyeren:v
vousvoyeerde	vousvoyeren:v
vousvoyeert	vousvoyeren:v
vousvoyeerden	vousvoyeren:v
vousvoyerend	vousvoyeren:v
gevousvoyeerd	vousvoyeren:v
overwelf	overwelven:v
overwelfde	overwelven:v
overwelft	overwelven:v
overwelfden	overwelven:v
overwelvend	overwelven:v
overwelfd	overwelven:v
welf	welven:v
welfde	welven:v
welft	welven:v
welfden	welven:v
welvend	welven:v
gewelfd	welven:v
verdoem	verdoemen:v
verdoemde	verdoemen:v
verdoemt	verdoemen:v
verdoemden	verdoemen:v
verdoemend	verdoemen:v
verdoemd	verdoemen:v
doem	doemen:v
doemde	doemen:v
doemt	doemen:v
doemden	doemen:v
doemend	doemen:v
gedoemd	doemen:v
propagere	propageren:v
verhure	verhuren:v
legalisere	legaliseren:v
gravere	graveren:v
attestere	attesteren:v
verbreide	verbreiden:v|verbreien:v
kuipe	kuipen:v
kissebisse	kissebissen:v
disputere	disputeren:v
kibbele	kibbelen:v
ruzië	ruziën:v
bakkeleie	bakkeleien:v
goochele	goochelen:v
ontgoochele	ontgoochelen:v
sluize	sluizen:v
ontkoppele	ontkoppelen:v
ontnuchtere	ontnuchteren:v
decimere	decimeren:v
declarere	declareren:v
heropene	heropenen:v
weerlegge	weerleggen:v
evacuere	evacueren:v
refutere	refuteren:v
dendere	denderen:v
davere	daveren:v
daverender	daverend:a
daverendst	daverend:a
daverende	daverend:a
daverendere	daverend:a
daverendste	daverend:a
ontlaste	ontlasten:v
tutoyere	tutoyeren:v
vousvoyere	vousvoyeren:v
overwelve	overwelven:v
welve	welven:v
doeme	doemen:v
verdoeme	verdoemen:v
biatlons	biatlon:n
flagellen	flagel:n
flagelletje	flagel:n
methoden	methode:n
methodes	methode:n
methodetje	methode:n
versoepel	versoepelen:v
versoepelde	versoepelen:v
versoepelt	versoepelen:v
versoepelden	versoepelen:v
versoepelend	versoepelen:v
versoepeld	versoepelen:v
plooibaarder	plooibaar:a
plooibaarst	plooibaar:a
plooibare	plooibaar:a
plooibaardere	plooibaar:a
plooibaarste	plooibaar:a
voleindig	voleindigen:v
voleindigde	voleindigen:v
voleindigt	voleindigen:v
voleindigden	voleindigen:v
voleindigend	voleindigen:v
voleindigd	voleindigen:v
malverseer	malverseren:v
malverseerde	malverseren:v
malverseert	malverseren:v
malverseerden	malverseren:v
malverserend	malverseren:v
gemalverseerd	malverseren:v
onbezielder	onbezield:a
onbezieldst	onbezield:a
onbezielde	onbezield:a
onbezieldere	onbezield:a
onbezieldste	onbezield:a
luxeer	luxeren:v
luxeerde	luxeren:v
luxeert	luxeren:v
luxeerden	luxeren:v
luxerend	luxeren:v
geluxeerd	luxeren:v
bewindslieden	bewindsman:n
bewindsmannen	bewindsman:n
bewindslui	bewindsman:n
bewindsmannetje	bewindsman:n
Egyptenaren	Egyptenaar:n
Egyptenaartje	Egyptenaar:n
kruislingse	kruislings:a
kruiselingse	kruiselings:a
vereringen	verering:n
tamboerijnen	tamboerijn:n
tamboerijntje	tamboerijn:n
tempel	tempelen:v
tempelde	tempelen:v
tempelt	tempelen:v
tempelden	tempelen:v
tempelend	tempelen:v
getempeld	tempelen:v
werkplaatsen	werkplaats:n
werkplaatsje	werkplaats:n
getalenteerde	getalenteerd:a
respecteer	respecteren:v
respecteerde	respecteren:v
respecteert	respecteren:v
respecteerden	respecteren:v
respecterend	respecteren:v
gerespecteerd	respecteren:v
musicologen	musicoloog:n
musicoloogje	musicoloog:n
heptatonische	heptatonisch:a
idiofonen	idiofoon:n
idiofoontje	idiofoon:n
fluitjes	fluitje:n
castagnetten	castagnet:n
castagnetje	castagnet:n
luchtstromen	luchtstroom:n
luchtstroompje	luchtstroom:n
aerofonen	aerofoon:n
aerofoontje	aerofoon:n
speelsters	speelster:n
speelstertje	speelster:n
bloedstromen	bloedstroom:n
bloedstroompje	bloedstroom:n
inschat	inschatten:v
inschatte	inschatten:v
inschattend	inschatten:v
ingeschat	inschatten:v
schromelijker	schromelijk:a
schromelijkst	schromelijk:a
schromelijke	schromelijk:a
schromelijkere	schromelijk:a
schromelijkste	schromelijk:a
waterstaten	waterstaat:n
toeverlaten	toeverlaat:n
toeverlaatje	toeverlaat:n
snelwegen	snelweg:n
snelwegje	snelweg:n
autosnelwegen	autosnelweg:n
versoepele	versoepelen:v
malversere	malverseren:v
voleindige	voleindigen:v
respectere	respecteren:v
A'dam	Amsterdam:m
R'dam	Rotterdam:m
kalkte	kalken:v
kalkt	kalken:v
kalkten	kalken:v
kalkend	kalken:v
gekalkt	kalken:v
opstuur	opsturen:v
opstuurde	opsturen:v
opstuurt	opsturen:v
opstuurden	opsturen:v
opsturend	opsturen:v
opgestuurd	opsturen:v
voorschiet	voorschieten:v
voorschoot	voorschieten:v
voorschoten	voorschieten:v
voorschietend	voorschieten:v
voorgeschoten	voorschieten:v
neersteek	neersteken:v
neerstak	neersteken:v
neersteekt	neersteken:v
neerstaken	neersteken:v
neerstekend	neersteken:v
neergestoken	neersteken:v
adverteer	adverteren:v
adverteerde	adverteren:v
adverteert	adverteren:v
adverteerden	adverteren:v
adverterend	adverteren:v
geadverteerd	adverteren:v
biochemische	biochemisch:a
varianties	variantie:n
insteek	insteken:v
instak	insteken:v
insteekt	insteken:v
instaken	insteken:v
instekend	insteken:v
ingestoken	insteken:v
glazenmakers	glazenmaker:n
glazenmakertje	glazenmaker:n
glaszetters	glaszetter:n
glaszettertje	glaszetter:n
P.L.O.R.K.	plork:n
condoléance	condoleance:n
straalstromen	straalstroom:n
straalstroompje	straalstroom:n
advertere	adverteren:v
insteken	insteek:n
insteekje	insteek:n
emoties	emotie:n
emotietje	emotie:n
cliënten	cliënt:n
cliëntje	cliënt:n
derogeer	derogeren:v
derogeerde	derogeren:v
derogeert	derogeren:v
derogeerden	derogeren:v
derogerend	derogeren:v
gederogeerd	derogeren:v
derogaties	derogatie:n
eierdooier	eidooier:n
eidooiers	eidooier:n
eidooiertje	eidooier:n
embryonale	embryonaal:a
priesteressen	priesteres:n
priesteresje	priesteres:n
moedergodinnen	moedergodin:n
moedergodinnetje	moedergodin:n
slachthuizen	slachthuis:n
slachthuisje	slachthuis:n
proteïnen	proteïne:n
proteïnes	proteïne:n
proteïntje	proteïne:n
dieet	diëten:v
dieette	diëten:v
dieetten	diëten:v
diëtend	diëten:v
gedieet	diëten:v
halssnoeren	halssnoer:n
halssnoertje	halssnoer:n
verlovingsringen	verlovingsring:n
verlovingsringetje	verlovingsring:n
trouwringen	trouwring:n
trouwringetje	trouwring:n
dienstiger	dienstig:a
dienstigst	dienstig:a
dienstige	dienstig:a
dienstigere	dienstig:a
dienstigste	dienstig:a
oorringen	oorring:n
oorringetje	oorring:n
halskettingen	halsketting:n
halskettinkje	halsketting:n
hartvormiger	hartvormig:a
hartvormigst	hartvormig:a
hartvormige	hartvormig:a
hartvormigere	hartvormig:a
hartvormigste	hartvormig:a
e-mailadressen	e-mailadres:n
e-mailadresje	e-mailadres:n
condenseer	condenseren:v
condenseerde	condenseren:v
condenseert	condenseren:v
condenseerden	condenseren:v
condenserend	condenseren:v
gecondenseerd	condenseren:v
Myceense	Myceens:a
Minoïsche	Minoïsch:a
derogere	derogeren:v
condensere	condenseren:v
blauwtjes	blauwtje:n
eetlepels	eetlepel:n
eetlepeltje	eetlepel:n
soeplepels	soeplepel:n
soeplepeltje	soeplepel:n
groentesoepen	groentesoep:n
groentesoepje	groentesoep:n
maatlepels	maatlepel:n
maatlepeltje	maatlepel:n
theelepels	theelepel:n
theeglazen	theeglas:n
theeglaasje	theeglas:n
geboortehuizen	geboortehuis:n
geboortehuisje	geboortehuis:n
elizabethaanse	elizabethaans:a
wethouders	wethouder:n
wethoudertje	wethouder:n
geboorteplaatsen	geboorteplaats:n
geboorteplaatsje	geboorteplaats:n
doodzonden	doodzonde:n
doodzondetje	doodzonde:n
fatische	fatisch:a
hoofdzonden	hoofdzonde:n
hoofdzondes	hoofdzonde:n
oscilleer	oscilleren:v
oscilleerde	oscilleren:v
oscilleert	oscilleren:v
oscilleerden	oscilleren:v
oscillerend	oscilleren:v
geoscilleerd	oscilleren:v
oscillaties	oscillatie:n
oscillatietje	oscillatie:n
oscillere	oscilleren:v
schulp	schulpen:v
schulpte	schulpen:v
schulpt	schulpen:v
schulpten	schulpen:v
schulpend	schulpen:v
geschulpt	schulpen:v
repercussies	repercussie:n
caronades	caronade:n
foerageer	foerageren:v
foerageerde	foerageren:v
foerageert	foerageren:v
foerageerden	foerageren:v
foeragerend	foerageren:v
gefoerageerd	foerageren:v
annoteer	annoteren:v
annoteerde	annoteren:v
annoteert	annoteren:v
annoteerden	annoteren:v
annoterend	annoteren:v
geannoteerd	annoteren:v
schulpe	schulpen:v
foeragere	foerageren:v
annotere	annoteren:v
uitwerp	uitwerpen:v
uitwierp	uitwerpen:v
uitwerpt	uitwerpen:v
uitwierpen	uitwerpen:v
uitwerpend	uitwerpen:v
uitgeworpen	uitwerpen:v
inschakel	inschakelen:v
inschakelde	inschakelen:v
inschakelt	inschakelen:v
inschakelden	inschakelen:v
inschakelend	inschakelen:v
ingeschakeld	inschakelen:v
doorschakel	doorschakelen:v
doorschakelde	doorschakelen:v
doorschakelt	doorschakelen:v
doorschakelden	doorschakelen:v
doorschakelend	doorschakelen:v
doorgeschakeld	doorschakelen:v
sommeer	sommeren:v
sommeerde	sommeren:v
sommeert	sommeren:v
sommeerden	sommeren:v
sommerend	sommeren:v
gesommeerd	sommeren:v
kalibreer	kalibreren:v
kalibreerde	kalibreren:v
kalibreert	kalibreren:v
kalibreerden	kalibreren:v
kalibrerend	kalibreren:v
gekalibreerd	kalibreren:v
ontsnappingssnelheden	ontsnappingssnelheid:n
dongels	dongel:n
loopplanken	loopplank:n
loopplankje	loopplank:n
prognosticeer	prognosticeren:v
prognosticeerde	prognosticeren:v
prognosticeert	prognosticeren:v
prognosticeerden	prognosticeren:v
prognosticerend	prognosticeren:v
geprognosticeerd	prognosticeren:v
wagenmenners	wagenmenner:n
wagenmennertje	wagenmenner:n
bedaar	bedaren:v
bedaart	bedaren:v
bedaarden	bedaren:v
bedarend	bedaren:v
retardeer	retarderen:v
retardeerde	retarderen:v
retardeert	retarderen:v
retardeerden	retarderen:v
retarderend	retarderen:v
geretardeerd	retarderen:v
systematiseer	systematiseren:v
systematiseerde	systematiseren:v
systematiseert	systematiseren:v
systematiseerden	systematiseren:v
systematiserend	systematiseren:v
gesystematiseerd	systematiseren:v
kalmeer	kalmeren:v
kalmeerde	kalmeren:v
kalmeert	kalmeren:v
kalmeerden	kalmeren:v
kalmerend	kalmeren:v
gekalmeerd	kalmeren:v
sommere	sommeren:v
kalibrere	kalibreren:v
prognosticere	prognosticeren:v
bedare	bedaren:v
retardere	retarderen:v
systematisere	systematiseren:v
inwerp	inwerpen:v
inwierp	inwerpen:v
inwerpt	inwerpen:v
inwierpen	inwerpen:v
inwerpend	inwerpen:v
ingeworpen	inwerpen:v
ecrasere	ecraseren:v
Esmée	Esmee:m
senieler	seniel:a
senielst	seniel:a
seniele	seniel:a
senielere	seniel:a
senielste	seniel:a
maatschappelijke	maatschappelijk:a
standaardafwijkingen	standaardafwijking:n
standaardafwijkinkje	standaardafwijking:n
standaarddeviaties	standaarddeviatie:n
standaarddeviatietje	standaarddeviatie:n
voorprogramma's	voorprogramma:n
voorprogrammaatje	voorprogramma:n
duivelser	duivels:a
duivelst	duivels:a
duivelse	duivels:a
duivelsere	duivels:a
duivelste	duivels:a
duivelachtiger	duivelachtig:a
duivelachtigst	duivelachtig:a
duivelachtige	duivelachtig:a
duivelachtigere	duivelachtig:a
duivelachtigste	duivelachtig:a
doortrapter	doortrapt:a
doortraptst	doortrapt:a
doortrapte	doortrapt:a
doortraptere	doortrapt:a
doortraptste	doortrapt:a
schandaliger	schandalig:a
schandaligst	schandalig:a
schandalige	schandalig:a
schandaligere	schandalig:a
schandaligste	schandalig:a
teister	teisteren:v
teisterde	teisteren:v
teistert	teisteren:v
teisterden	teisteren:v
teisterend	teisteren:v
geteisterd	teisteren:v
emotioneer	emotioneren:v
emotioneerde	emotioneren:v
emotioneert	emotioneren:v
emotioneerden	emotioneren:v
emotionerend	emotioneren:v
emotionaliteiten	emotionaliteit:n
emotioneler	emotioneel:a
emotioneelst	emotioneel:a
emotionele	emotioneel:a
emotionelere	emotioneel:a
emotioneelste	emotioneel:a
middenwegen	middenweg:n
middenweggetje	middenweg:n
problematieken	problematiek:n
problematiekje	problematiek:n
problematieker	problematiek:a
problematiekst	problematiek:a
problematieke	problematiek:a
problematiekere	problematiek:a
problematiekste	problematiek:a
vergevingen	vergeving:n
vergevinkje	vergeving:n
vergiffenissen	vergiffenis:n
barmhartigheden	barmhartigheid:n
bevredig	bevredigen:v
bevredigde	bevredigen:v
bevredigt	bevredigen:v
bevredigden	bevredigen:v
bevredigend	bevredigen:v
bevredigd	bevredigen:v
misdienaars	misdienaar:n
misdienaartje	misdienaar:n
misdienettes	misdienette:n
misdienetten	misdienette:n
misdienettetje	misdienette:n
werkgroepen	werkgroep:n
werkgroepje	werkgroep:n
priesterschappen	priesterschap:n
priesterlijke	priesterlijk:a
beraadde	beraden:v
beraadt	beraden:v
beraadden	beraden:v
beradend	beraden:v
beried	beraden:v
berieden	beraden:v
beradener	beraden:a
beradenst	beraden:a
beradenste	beraden:a
Peruaanse	Peruaans:a
Peruanen	Peruaan:n
Peruaantje	Peruaan:n
teistere	teisteren:v
emotionere	emotioneren:v
bevredige	bevredigen:v
standjes	standje:n
boks	boksen:v
bokste	boksen:v
bokst	boksen:v
boksten	boksen:v
boksend	boksen:v
gebokst	boksen:v
consequenties	consequentie:n
consequentietje	consequentie:n
stimuleer	stimuleren:v
stimuleerde	stimuleren:v
stimuleert	stimuleren:v
stimuleerden	stimuleren:v
stimulerend	stimuleren:v
gestimuleerd	stimuleren:v
desoxyribonucleïnezuren	desoxyribonucleïnezuur:n
lijfspreuken	lijfspreuk:n
lijfspreukje	lijfspreuk:n
aanmerkingen	aanmerking:n
aanmerkinkje	aanmerking:n
ontrafelingen	ontrafeling:n
maansverduisteringen	maansverduistering:n
maansverduisteringetje	maansverduistering:n
maansverduisterinkje	maansverduistering:n
vervroeg	vervroegen:v
vervroegde	vervroegen:v
vervroegt	vervroegen:v
vervroegden	vervroegen:v
vervroegend	vervroegen:v
vervroegd	vervroegen:v
fusilleer	fusilleren:v
fusilleerde	fusilleren:v
fusilleert	fusilleren:v
fusilleerden	fusilleren:v
fusillerend	fusilleren:v
gefusilleerd	fusilleren:v
onkuisheden	onkuisheid:n
onkuisheidje	onkuisheid:n
chemici	chemicus:n
chemicusje	chemicus:n
vervroege	vervroegen:v
fusillere	fusilleren:v
onjuistheden	onjuistheid:n
onjuistheidje	onjuistheid:n
urinoirs	urinoir:n
urinoirtje	urinoir:n
curiositeiten	curiositeit:n
curiositeitje	curiositeit:n
curieuzer	curieus:a
curieust	curieus:a
curieuze	curieus:a
curieuzere	curieus:a
curieuste	curieus:a
dumpte	dumpen:v
dumpt	dumpen:v
dumpten	dumpen:v
dumpend	dumpen:v
gedumpt	dumpen:v
bekostig	bekostigen:v
bekostigde	bekostigen:v
bekostigt	bekostigen:v
bekostigden	bekostigen:v
bekostigend	bekostigen:v
bekostigd	bekostigen:v
financierders	financierder:n
financierdertje	financierder:n
onbewoonde	onbewoond:a
vaandels	vaandel:n
vaandeltje	vaandel:n
correlaties	correlatie:n
correlatietje	correlatie:n
beredeneer	beredeneren:v
beredeneerde	beredeneren:v
beredeneert	beredeneren:v
beredeneerden	beredeneren:v
beredenerend	beredeneren:v
beredeneerd	beredeneren:v
Turksen	Turkse:n
globaliseer	globaliseren:v
globaliseerde	globaliseren:v
globaliseert	globaliseren:v
globaliseerden	globaliseren:v
globaliserend	globaliseren:v
geglobaliseerd	globaliseren:v
globaler	globaal:a
globaalst	globaal:a
globale	globaal:a
globalere	globaal:a
globaalste	globaal:a
effectueer	effectueren:v
effectueerde	effectueren:v
effectueert	effectueren:v
effectueerden	effectueren:v
effectuerend	effectueren:v
geëffectueerd	effectueren:v
attaqueer	attaqueren:v
attaqueerde	attaqueren:v
attaqueert	attaqueren:v
attaqueerden	attaqueren:v
attaquerend	attaqueren:v
geattaqueerd	attaqueren:v
explicieter	expliciet:a
explicietst	expliciet:a
expliciete	expliciet:a
explicietere	expliciet:a
explicietste	expliciet:a
implicieter	impliciet:a
implicietst	impliciet:a
impliciete	impliciet:a
implicietere	impliciet:a
implicietste	impliciet:a
heilzamer	heilzaam:a
heilzaamst	heilzaam:a
heilzame	heilzaam:a
heilzamere	heilzaam:a
heilzaamste	heilzaam:a
dumpe	dumpen:v
bekostige	bekostigen:v
beredenere	beredeneren:v
globalisere	globaliseren:v
effectuere	effectueren:v
dempe	dempen:v
bloedcellen	bloedcel:n
bloedcelletje	bloedcel:n
aartsmoeders	aartsmoeder:n
aartsmoedertje	aartsmoeder:n
stadscentra	stadscentrum:n
stadscentrumpje	stadscentrum:n
centrumrechtse	centrumrechts:a
parlementsverkiezingen	parlementsverkiezing:n
eilandstaten	eilandstaat:n
eilandstaatje	eilandstaat:n
Peruaansen	Peruaanse:n
seismologen	seismoloog:n
seismoloogje	seismoloog:n
lakenhandelaars	lakenhandelaar:n
lakenhandelaren	lakenhandelaar:n
lakenhandelaartje	lakenhandelaar:n
tussenkomsten	tussenkomst:n
tussenkomstje	tussenkomst:n
tussenkom	tussenkomen:v
tussenkwam	tussenkomen:v
tussenkomt	tussenkomen:v
tussenkwamen	tussenkomen:v
tussenkomend	tussenkomen:v
tussengekomen	tussenkomen:v
presidentsverkiezingen	presidentsverkiezing:n
vliegtuigongelukken	vliegtuigongeluk:n
vliegtuigongelukje	vliegtuigongeluk:n
ing.	ingenieur:n
ir.	ingenieur:n
hogergeschoolde	hogergeschoold:a
hogergeschoolden	hogergeschoolde:n
doctorsgraden	doctorsgraad:n
doctorsgraadje	doctorsgraad:n
vermeldingen	vermelding:n
vermeldinkje	vermelding:n
zwaargewonden	zwaargewonde:n
injecteer	injecteren:v
injecteerde	injecteren:v
injecteert	injecteren:v
injecteerden	injecteren:v
injecterend	injecteren:v
geïnjecteerd	injecteren:v
attaquere	attaqueren:v
toestel	toestellen:v
toestelde	toestellen:v
toestelt	toestellen:v
toestelden	toestellen:v
toestellend	toestellen:v
toegesteld	toestellen:v
posterijen	posterij:n
posterijtje	posterij:n
bootreizen	bootreis:n
bootreisje	bootreis:n
extrusieve	extrusief:a
bouwheren	bouwheer:n
bouwheertje	bouwheer:n
aanblikken	aanblik:n
aanblikje	aanblik:n
daklozen	dakloze:n
veelgebruikte	veelgebruikt:a
bedieners	bediener:n
bedienertje	bediener:n
vergun	vergunnen:v
vergunde	vergunnen:v
vergunt	vergunnen:v
vergunden	vergunnen:v
vergunnend	vergunnen:v
vergund	vergunnen:v
corrosieve	corrosief:a
transformatoren	transformator:n
transformators	transformator:n
transformatortje	transformator:n
benieuwder	benieuwd:a
benieuwdst	benieuwd:a
benieuwde	benieuwd:a|benieuwen:v
benieuwdere	benieuwd:a
benieuwdste	benieuwd:a
benieuwd	benieuwen:v
benieuw	benieuwen:v
benieuwt	benieuwen:v
benieuwden	benieuwen:v
benieuwend	benieuwen:v
navelpiercings	navelpiercing:n
navelpiercingetje	navelpiercing:n
verbalisanten	verbalisant:n
verbalisantje	verbalisant:n
wereldheren	wereldheer:n
wereldheertje	wereldheer:n
hekserijen	hekserij:n
hekserijtje	hekserij:n
vergunne	vergunnen:v
benieuwe	benieuwen:v
mierenboerderijen	mierenboerderij:n
mierenboerderijtje	mierenboerderij:n
lichtgewichten	lichtgewicht:n
lichtgewichtje	lichtgewicht:n
homepages	homepage:n
ontlaad	ontladen:v
ontlaadde	ontladen:v
ontlaadt	ontladen:v
ontlaadden	ontladen:v
ontladend	ontladen:v
ontladingen	ontlading:n
ontladinkje	ontlading:n
pleziertje	plezier:n
sokpoppen	sokpop:n
sokpopje	sokpop:n
sokpoppetje	sokpop:n
prostaatkankers	prostaatkanker:n
prostaatkankertje	prostaatkanker:n
prostaten	prostaat:n
prostaatje	prostaat:n
krik	krikken:v
krikte	krikken:v
krikt	krikken:v
krikten	krikken:v
krikkend	krikken:v
gekrikt	krikken:v
stimulaties	stimulatie:n
stimulatietje	stimulatie:n
paniekje	paniek:n
panieke	paniek:a
paniekeriger	paniekerig:a
paniekerigst	paniekerig:a
paniekerige	paniekerig:a
paniekerigere	paniekerig:a
paniekerigste	paniekerig:a
onvermoeide	onvermoeid:a
medische	medisch:a
medicineer	medicineren:v
medicineerde	medicineren:v
medicineert	medicineren:v
medicineerden	medicineren:v
medicinerend	medicineren:v
gemedicineerd	medicineren:v
medicaties	medicatie:n
medicatietje	medicatie:n
dweilde	dweilen:v
dweilt	dweilen:v
dweilden	dweilen:v
dweilend	dweilen:v
gedweild	dweilen:v
inspreek	inspreken:v
insprak	inspreken:v
inspreekt	inspreken:v
inspraken	inspreken:v
insprekend	inspreken:v
ingesproken	inspreken:v
dorstiger	dorstig:a
dorstigst	dorstig:a
dorstige	dorstig:a
dorstigere	dorstig:a
dorstigste	dorstig:a
immuniteitssystemen	immuniteitssysteem:n
uitstort	uitstorten:v
uitstortte	uitstorten:v
uitstortten	uitstorten:v
uitstortend	uitstorten:v
uitgestort	uitstorten:v
loosde	lozen:v
loosden	lozen:v
lozend	lozen:v
geloosd	lozen:v
overtolliger	overtollig:a
overtolligst	overtollig:a
overtollige	overtollig:a
overtolligere	overtollig:a
overtolligste	overtollig:a
potentiële	potentieel:a
diaconieën	diaconie:n
videocratieën	videocratie:n
videocratietje	videocratie:n
vroegtijdiger	vroegtijdig:a
vroegtijdigst	vroegtijdig:a
vroegtijdige	vroegtijdig:a
vroegtijdigere	vroegtijdig:a
vroegtijdigste	vroegtijdig:a
zaadlozingen	zaadlozing:n
zaadlozinkje	zaadlozing:n
ejaculeer	ejaculeren:v
ejaculeerde	ejaculeren:v
ejaculeert	ejaculeren:v
ejaculeerden	ejaculeren:v
ejaculerend	ejaculeren:v
geëjaculeerd	ejaculeren:v
ontlade	ontladen:v
stimulere	stimuleren:v
medicinere	medicineren:v
ejaculere	ejaculeren:v
verdoe	verdoen:v
verdeed	verdoen:v
verdoet	verdoen:v
verdeden	verdoen:v
verdoend	verdoen:v
verdaan	verdoen:v
verdeedt	verdoen:v
verdede	verdoen:v
wegkwijn	wegkwijnen:v
wegkwijnde	wegkwijnen:v
wegkwijnt	wegkwijnen:v
wegkwijnden	wegkwijnen:v
wegkwijnend	wegkwijnen:v
weggekwijnd	wegkwijnen:v
kommagetallen	kommagetal:n
kommagetalletje	kommagetal:n
paddestoel	paddenstoel:n
pauzeregelingen	pauzeregeling:n
krokanter	krokant:a
krokantst	krokant:a
krokante	krokant:a
krokantere	krokant:a
krokantste	krokant:a
parapluhandelaars	parapluhandelaar:n
parapluhandelaren	parapluhandelaar:n
parapluhandelaartje	parapluhandelaar:n
klanken	klank:n
klankje	klank:n
aanleng	aanlengen:v
aanlengde	aanlengen:v
aanlengt	aanlengen:v
aanlengden	aanlengen:v
aanlengend	aanlengen:v
aangelengd	aanlengen:v
afzoek	afzoeken:v
afzocht	afzoeken:v
afzoekt	afzoeken:v
afzochten	afzoeken:v
afzoekend	afzoeken:v
afgezocht	afzoeken:v
doorzoek	doorzoeken:v
doorzocht	doorzoeken:v
doorzoekt	doorzoeken:v
doorzochten	doorzoeken:v
doorzoekend	doorzoeken:v
doorgezocht	doorzoeken:v
doorzoeke	doorzoeken:v
doorzochte	doorzoeken:v
verheerlijk	verheerlijken:v
verheerlijkte	verheerlijken:v
verheerlijkt	verheerlijken:v
verheerlijkten	verheerlijken:v
verheerlijkend	verheerlijken:v
verheerlijke	verheerlijken:v
bankroete	bankroet:a
bankroeten	bankroet:n
bankroetje	bankroet:n
contactsleutels	contactsleutel:n
contactsleuteltje	contactsleutel:n
bebloeder	bebloed:a
bebloedst	bebloed:a
bebloede	bebloed:a
bebloedere	bebloed:a
bebloedste	bebloed:a
bebroed	bebroeden:v
bebroedde	bebroeden:v
bebroedt	bebroeden:v
bebroedden	bebroeden:v
bebroedend	bebroeden:v
boerka's	boerka:n
boerkaatje	boerka:n
verhul	verhullen:v
verhulde	verhullen:v
verhult	verhullen:v
verhulden	verhullen:v
verhullend	verhullen:v
verhuld	verhullen:v
bijbreng	bijbrengen:v
bijbracht	bijbrengen:v
bijbrengt	bijbrengen:v
bijbrachten	bijbrengen:v
bijbrengend	bijbrengen:v
bijgebracht	bijbrengen:v
landarbeiders	landarbeider:n
landarbeidertje	landarbeider:n
proletariërs	proletariër:n
proletariërtje	proletariër:n
activismen	activisme:n
nationalistischer	nationalistisch:a
nationalistischt	nationalistisch:a
nationalistische	nationalistisch:a
nationalistischere	nationalistisch:a
nationalistischte	nationalistisch:a
mikte	mikken:v
mikt	mikken:v
mikten	mikken:v
mikkend	mikken:v
gemikt	mikken:v
maoïsten	maoïst:n
maoïstje	maoïst:n
proletariaten	proletariaat:n
proletariseer	proletariseren:v
proletariseerde	proletariseren:v
proletariseert	proletariseren:v
proletariseerden	proletariseren:v
proletariserend	proletariseren:v
geproletariseerd	proletariseren:v
bondgenootschappen	bondgenootschap:n
bondgenootschapje	bondgenootschap:n
herwin	herwinnen:v
herwon	herwinnen:v
herwint	herwinnen:v
herwonnen	herwinnen:v
herwinnend	herwinnen:v
omsingel	omsingelen:v
omsingelde	omsingelen:v
omsingelt	omsingelen:v
omsingelden	omsingelen:v
omsingelend	omsingelen:v
omsingeld	omsingelen:v
uitbraakje	uitbraak:n
uitbraak	uitbraken:v
uitbraakte	uitbraken:v
uitbraakt	uitbraken:v
uitbraakten	uitbraken:v
uitbrakend	uitbraken:v
uitgebraakt	uitbraken:v
bebroede	bebroeden:v
verhulle	verhullen:v
mikke	mikken:v
proletarisere	proletariseren:v
herwont	herwinnen:v
herwonne	herwinnen:v
herwinne	herwinnen:v
omsingele	omsingelen:v
uitbraaksels	uitbraaksel:n
uitbraakseltje	uitbraaksel:n
desoriënteer	desoriënteren:v
desoriënteerde	desoriënteren:v
desoriënteert	desoriënteren:v
desoriënteerden	desoriënteren:v
desoriënterend	desoriënteren:v
gedesoriënteerd	desoriënteren:v
legitiemer	legitiem:a
legitiemst	legitiem:a
legitieme	legitiem:a
legitiemere	legitiem:a
legitiemste	legitiem:a
onwettelijker	onwettelijk:a
onwettelijkst	onwettelijk:a
onwettelijke	onwettelijk:a
onwettelijkere	onwettelijk:a
onwettelijkste	onwettelijk:a
onwettelijkheden	onwettelijkheid:n
onwettelijkheidje	onwettelijkheid:n
wettelijkheden	wettelijkheid:n
wandelaars	wandelaar:n
wandelaartje	wandelaar:n
singeltjes	singeltje:n
cingels	cingel:n
cingeltje	cingel:n
cingel	singel:n
investeer	investeren:v
investeerde	investeren:v
investeert	investeren:v
investeerden	investeren:v
investerend	investeren:v
geïnvesteerd	investeren:v
investeringen	investering:n
investerinkje	investering:n
aandraag	aandragen:v
aandroeg	aandragen:v
aandraagt	aandragen:v
aandroegen	aandragen:v
aandragend	aandragen:v
aangedragen	aandragen:v
omafietsen	omafiets:n
omafietsje	omafiets:n
naafversnellingen	naafversnelling:n
naafversnellinkje	naafversnelling:n
olievlekken	olievlek:n
olievlekje	olievlek:n
olierampen	olieramp:n
olierampje	olieramp:n
kernrampen	kernramp:n
kernrampje	kernramp:n
onmannelijke	onmannelijk:a
maffers	maffer:n
maffertje	maffer:n
schaarde	scharen:v
schaart	scharen:v
schaarden	scharen:v
scharend	scharen:v
geschaard	scharen:v
scharetje	schare:n
schare	scharen:v
desoriëntere	desoriënteren:v
investere	investeren:v
harpiste	harpist:n
fierljep	fierljeppen:v
fierljepte	fierljeppen:v
fierljept	fierljeppen:v
fierljepten	fierljeppen:v
fierljeppend	fierljeppen:v
gefierljept	fierljeppen:v
ingrediënten	ingrediënt:n
ingrediëntje	ingrediënt:n
piraterijen	piraterij:n
piraterijtje	piraterij:n
bereikbaarder	bereikbaar:a
bereikbaarst	bereikbaar:a
bereikbare	bereikbaar:a
bereikbaardere	bereikbaar:a
bereikbaarste	bereikbaar:a
onbereikbaarder	onbereikbaar:a
onbereikbaarst	onbereikbaar:a
onbereikbare	onbereikbaar:a
onbereikbaardere	onbereikbaar:a
onbereikbaarste	onbereikbaar:a
doorgeefluiken	doorgeefluik:n
doorgeefluikje	doorgeefluik:n
tussenpersonen	tussenpersoon:n
tussenpersoontje	tussenpersoon:n
Britsen	Britse:n
shigellosen	shigellose:n
paragrafen	paragraaf:n
paragraafje	paragraaf:n
makrons	makron:n
makronnetje	makron:n
Bulgaren	Bulgaar:n
sloepen	sloep:n
sloepje	sloep:n
hagelgeweren	hagelgeweer:n
hagelgeweertje	hagelgeweer:n
jachtgeweren	jachtgeweer:n
jachtgeweertje	jachtgeweer:n
bevoorraad	bevoorraden:v
bevoorraadde	bevoorraden:v
bevoorraadt	bevoorraden:v
bevoorraadden	bevoorraden:v
bevoorradend	bevoorraden:v
rommelde	rommelen:v
rommelt	rommelen:v
rommelden	rommelen:v
rommelend	rommelen:v
gerommeld	rommelen:v
rommele	rommelen:v
plens	plenzen:v
plensde	plenzen:v
plenst	plenzen:v
plensden	plenzen:v
plenzend	plenzen:v
geplensd	plenzen:v
plenze	plenzen:v
leegloop	leeglopen:v
leegliep	leeglopen:v
leegloopt	leeglopen:v
leegliepen	leeglopen:v
leeglopend	leeglopen:v
leeggelopen	leeglopen:v
leeglopen	leegloop:n
inburger	inburgeren:v
inburgerde	inburgeren:v
inburgert	inburgeren:v
inburgerden	inburgeren:v
inburgerend	inburgeren:v
ingeburgerd	inburgeren:v
uitpluis	uitpluizen:v
uitploos	uitpluizen:v
uitpluist	uitpluizen:v
uitplozen	uitpluizen:v
uitpluizend	uitpluizen:v
uitgeplozen	uitpluizen:v
uitpluisde	uitpluizen:v
uitpluisden	uitpluizen:v
uitgepluisd	uitpluizen:v
armleuningen	armleuning:n
armleuninkje	armleuning:n
domineerde	domineren:v
domineert	domineren:v
domineerden	domineren:v
dominerend	domineren:v
gedomineerd	domineren:v
dominaties	dominatie:n
dominere	domineren:v
calibreren	kalibreren:v
verkaste	verkassen:v
verkast	verkassen:v
verkasten	verkassen:v
verkassend	verkassen:v
verkasse	verkassen:v
opzout	opzouten:v
opzoutte	opzouten:v
opzoutten	opzouten:v
opzoutend	opzouten:v
opgezout	opzouten:v
pekelde	pekelen:v
pekelt	pekelen:v
pekelden	pekelen:v
pekelend	pekelen:v
gepekeld	pekelen:v
pekele	pekelen:v
transformeer	transformeren:v
transformeerde	transformeren:v
transformeert	transformeren:v
transformeerden	transformeren:v
transformerend	transformeren:v
getransformeerd	transformeren:v
transformere	transformeren:v
omvorm	omvormen:v
omvormde	omvormen:v
omvormt	omvormen:v
omvormden	omvormen:v
omvormend	omvormen:v
omgevormd	omvormen:v
omvormers	omvormer:n
omvormertje	omvormer:n
hyperventileer	hyperventileren:v
hyperventileerde	hyperventileren:v
hyperventileert	hyperventileren:v
hyperventileerden	hyperventileren:v
hyperventilerend	hyperventileren:v
gehyperventileerd	hyperventileren:v
hyperventilere	hyperventileren:v
herlaad	herladen:v
herlaadde	herladen:v
herlaadt	herladen:v
herlaadden	herladen:v
herladend	herladen:v
herlade	herladen:v
vonkte	vonken:v
vonkt	vonken:v
vonkten	vonken:v
vonkend	vonken:v
gevonkt	vonken:v
vonke	vonken:v
knetterde	knetteren:v
knettert	knetteren:v
knetterden	knetteren:v
knetterend	knetteren:v
geknetterd	knetteren:v
knettere	knetteren:v
verroest	verroesten:v
verroestte	verroesten:v
verroestten	verroesten:v
verroestend	verroesten:v
verroeste	verroesten:v
verdraai	verdraaien:v
verdraaide	verdraaien:v|verdraaid:a
verdraait	verdraaien:v
verdraaiden	verdraaien:v
verdraaiend	verdraaien:v
verdraaid	verdraaien:v
verdraaie	verdraaien:v
fierljeppe	fierljeppen:v
hinte	hinten:v
eredivisies	eredivisie:n
boorplatformen	boorplatform:n
boorplatforms	boorplatform:n
boorplatformpje	boorplatform:n
zuidkusten	zuidkust:n
zuidkustje	zuidkust:n
suikerwaters	suikerwater:n
suikerwatertje	suikerwater:n
satellietfoto's	satellietfoto:n
satellietfotootje	satellietfoto:n
zinnenprikkelende	zinnenprikkelend:a
onderkoningen	onderkoning:n
onderkoninkje	onderkoning:n
hormoonspiegels	hormoonspiegel:n
hormoonspiegeltje	hormoonspiegel:n
vroegten	vroegte:n
vroegtes	vroegte:n
lijper	lijp:a
lijpst	lijp:a
lijpe	lijp:a
lijpere	lijp:a
lijpste	lijp:a
leip	lijp:a
kwekers	kweker:n
kwekertje	kweker:n
cafetaria's	cafetaria:n
cafetariaatje	cafetaria:n
motorcrossers	motorcrosser:n
motorcrossertje	motorcrosser:n
startpunten	startpunt:n
startpuntje	startpunt:n
tegenculturen	tegencultuur:n
tegencultuurtje	tegencultuur:n
subculturen	subcultuur:n
subcultuurtje	subcultuur:n
kapitalistische	kapitalistisch:a
evolutionaire	evolutionair:a
anglicaanse	anglicaans:a
klompjes	klompje:n
strijkkralen	strijkkraal:n
strijkkraaltje	strijkkraal:n
gebedssnoeren	gebedssnoer:n
gebedssnoertje	gebedssnoer:n
boeddhistische	boeddhistisch:a
reciteer	reciteren:v
reciteerde	reciteren:v
reciteert	reciteren:v
reciteerden	reciteren:v
reciterend	reciteren:v
gereciteerd	reciteren:v
chantte	chanten:v
chantten	chanten:v
chantend	chanten:v
gechant	chanten:v
hindoeïstische	hindoeïstisch:a
reïncarnaties	reïncarnatie:n
reïncarnatietje	reïncarnatie:n
triumviraten	triumviraat:n
triumviraatje	triumviraat:n
recitere	reciteren:v
hondebrok	hondenbrok:n
collectiviseer	collectiviseren:v
collectiviseerde	collectiviseren:v
collectiviseert	collectiviseren:v
collectiviseerden	collectiviseren:v
collectiviserend	collectiviseren:v
gecollectiviseerd	collectiviseren:v
effectiever	effectief:a
effectiefst	effectief:a
effectieve	effectief:a
effectievere	effectief:a
effectiefste	effectief:a
wegvlieg	wegvliegen:v
wegvloog	wegvliegen:v
wegvliegt	wegvliegen:v
wegvlogen	wegvliegen:v
wegvliegend	wegvliegen:v
weggevlogen	wegvliegen:v
rekwireer	rekwireren:v
rekwireerde	rekwireren:v
rekwireert	rekwireren:v
rekwireerden	rekwireren:v
rekwirerend	rekwireren:v
gerekwireerd	rekwireren:v
samenvoeg	samenvoegen:v
samenvoegde	samenvoegen:v
samenvoegt	samenvoegen:v
samenvoegden	samenvoegen:v
samenvoegend	samenvoegen:v
samengevoegd	samenvoegen:v
voorzitterschappen	voorzitterschap:n
voorzitterschapje	voorzitterschap:n
rectificeer	rectificeren:v
rectificeerde	rectificeren:v
rectificeert	rectificeren:v
rectificeerden	rectificeren:v
rectificerend	rectificeren:v
gerectificeerd	rectificeren:v
rectificaties	rectificatie:n
rectificatietje	rectificatie:n
wantrouwiger	wantrouwig:a
wantrouwigst	wantrouwig:a
wantrouwige	wantrouwig:a
wantrouwigere	wantrouwig:a
wantrouwigste	wantrouwig:a
rookverboden	rookverbod:n
collectivisere	collectiviseren:v
rekwirere	rekwireren:v
rectificere	rectificeren:v
relle	rellen:v
broosheden	broosheid:n
breekbaarheden	breekbaarheid:n
breekbaarheidje	breekbaarheid:n
fragieler	fragiel:a
fragielst	fragiel:a
fragiele	fragiel:a
fragielere	fragiel:a
fragielste	fragiel:a
fragiliteiten	fragiliteit:n
zelfkritiekje	zelfkritiek:n
archiefmaterialen	archiefmateriaal:n
speelser	speels:a
speelst	speels:a
speelse	speels:a
speelsere	speels:a
speelste	speels:a
doopboeken	doopboek:n
doopboekje	doopboek:n
noordwestelijker	noordwestelijk:a
noordwestelijkst	noordwestelijk:a
noordwestelijke	noordwestelijk:a
noordwestelijkere	noordwestelijk:a
noordwestelijkste	noordwestelijk:a
kerkvoogden	kerkvoogd:n
kerkvoogdje	kerkvoogd:n
terugtrekkingen	terugtrekking:n
volksrepublieken	volksrepubliek:n
ouderlingen	ouderling:n
ouderlingetje	ouderling:n
bewind	bewinden:v
bewond	bewinden:v
bewindt	bewinden:v
bewonden	bewinden:v
bewindend	bewinden:v
bewinden	bewind:n
diakenen	diaken:n
diakens	diaken:n
diakentje	diaken:n
vertraag	vertragen:v
vertraagde	vertragen:v
vertraagt	vertragen:v
vertraagden	vertragen:v
vertragend	vertragen:v
vertraagd	vertragen:v
verlangzaam	verlangzamen:v
verlangzaamde	verlangzamen:v
verlangzaamt	verlangzamen:v
verlangzaamden	verlangzamen:v
verlangzamend	verlangzamen:v
verlangzaamd	verlangzamen:v
maoïstische	maoïstisch:a
rantsoenen	rantsoen:n
rantsoentje	rantsoen:n
rantsoeneer	rantsoeneren:v
rantsoeneerde	rantsoeneren:v
rantsoeneert	rantsoeneren:v
rantsoeneerden	rantsoeneren:v
rantsoenerend	rantsoeneren:v
gerantsoeneerd	rantsoeneren:v
hamsterde	hamsteren:v
hamsterden	hamsteren:v
hamsterend	hamsteren:v
gehamsterd	hamsteren:v
afruim	afruimen:v
afruimde	afruimen:v
afruimt	afruimen:v
afruimden	afruimen:v
afruimend	afruimen:v
afgeruimd	afruimen:v
revolteer	revolteren:v
revolteerde	revolteren:v
revolteert	revolteren:v
revolteerden	revolteren:v
revolterend	revolteren:v
gerevolteerd	revolteren:v
luxueuzer	luxueus:a
luxueust	luxueus:a
luxueuze	luxueus:a
luxueuzere	luxueus:a
luxueuste	luxueus:a
ledigen	legen:v
leegmaak	leegmaken:v
leegmaakte	leegmaken:v
leegmaakt	leegmaken:v
leegmaakten	leegmaken:v
leegmakend	leegmaken:v
leeggemaakt	leegmaken:v
veldmaarschalkje	veldmaarschalk:n
boekjes	boekje:n
roergangers	roerganger:n
roergangertje	roerganger:n
betitel	betitelen:v
betitelde	betitelen:v
betitelt	betitelen:v
betitelden	betitelen:v
betitelend	betitelen:v
betiteld	betitelen:v
tribunalen	tribunaal:n
tribunaaltje	tribunaal:n
leemtes	leemte:n
leemten	leemte:n
leemtetje	leemte:n
intellectueler	intellectueel:a
intellectueelst	intellectueel:a
intellectuele	intellectueel:a
intellectuelere	intellectueel:a
intellectueelste	intellectueel:a
intellectuelen	intellectueel:n
intellectueeltje	intellectueel:n
smoor	smoren:v
smoorde	smoren:v
smoort	smoren:v
smoorden	smoren:v
smorend	smoren:v
mobiliseer	mobiliseren:v
mobiliseerde	mobiliseren:v
mobiliseert	mobiliseren:v
mobiliseerden	mobiliseren:v
mobiliserend	mobiliseren:v
gemobiliseerd	mobiliseren:v
mobilisaties	mobilisatie:n
mobilisatietje	mobilisatie:n
adolescenties	adolescentie:n
fabriek	fabrieken:v
fabriekte	fabrieken:v
fabriekt	fabrieken:v
fabriekten	fabrieken:v
fabriekend	fabrieken:v
gefabriekt	fabrieken:v
persisteer	persisteren:v
persisteerde	persisteren:v
persisteert	persisteren:v
persisteerden	persisteren:v
persisterend	persisteren:v
gepersisteerd	persisteren:v
vertrage	vertragen:v
verlangzame	verlangzamen:v
rantsoenere	rantsoeneren:v
revoltere	revolteren:v
betitele	betitelen:v
mobilisere	mobiliseren:v
voorlichtingen	voorlichting:n
voorlichtinkje	voorlichting:n
gemeentelijke	gemeentelijk:a
implementeer	implementeren:v
implementeerde	implementeren:v
implementeert	implementeren:v
implementeerden	implementeren:v
implementerend	implementeren:v
geïmplementeerd	implementeren:v
voorhamers	voorhamer:n
voorhamertje	voorhamer:n
dein	deinen:v
deint	deinen:v
deinden	deinen:v
deinend	deinen:v
gedeind	deinen:v
zooals	zoals:c
ukken	uk:n
ukkie	uk:n
ukje	uk:n
federaliseringen	federalisering:n
federaliseer	federaliseren:v
federaliseerde	federaliseren:v
federaliseert	federaliseren:v
federaliseerden	federaliseren:v
federaliserend	federaliseren:v
gefederaliseerd	federaliseren:v
coalitieregeringen	coalitieregering:n
coalitieregerinkje	coalitieregering:n
oppositieleiders	oppositieleider:n
oppositieleidertje	oppositieleider:n
centrumlinkse	centrumlinks:a
centristische	centristisch:a
implementere	implementeren:v
federalisere	federaliseren:v
straathoeken	straathoek:n
straathoekje	straathoek:n
definities	definitie:n
definitietje	definitie:n
heteluchtballonnen	heteluchtballon:n
heteluchtballons	heteluchtballon:n
heteluchtballonnetje	heteluchtballon:n
lamsvleesje	lamsvlees:n
groenblijvende	groenblijvend:a
atheïsten	atheïst:n
atheïstje	atheïst:n
alfabeten	alfabeet:n
alfabeetje	alfabeet:n
amyotrofische	amyotrofisch:a
ziekbedden	ziekbed:n
ziekbedje	ziekbed:n
interpretaties	interpretatie:n
interpretatiën	interpretatie:n
interpretatietje	interpretatie:n
interpreteer	interpreteren:v
interpreteerde	interpreteren:v
interpreteert	interpreteren:v
interpreteerden	interpreteren:v
interpreterend	interpreteren:v
geïnterpreteerd	interpreteren:v
insloeg	inslaan:v
inslaat	inslaan:v
insloegen	inslaan:v
inslaand	inslaan:v
ingeslagen	inslaan:v
oxideer	oxideren:v
oxideerde	oxideren:v
oxideert	oxideren:v
oxideerden	oxideren:v
oxiderend	oxideren:v
geoxideerd	oxideren:v
oxidaties	oxidatie:n
oxidatietje	oxidatie:n
interpretere	interpreteren:v
oxidere	oxideren:v
toxicologen	toxicoloog:n
toxicoloogje	toxicoloog:n
runde	runnen:v
evolutionairs	evolutionair:a
vullingen	vulling:n
vullinkje	vulling:n
emulgatoren	emulgator:n
emulgators	emulgator:n
emulgatortje	emulgator:n
emulgeer	emulgeren:v
emulgeerde	emulgeren:v
emulgeert	emulgeren:v
emulgeerden	emulgeren:v
emulgerend	emulgeren:v
geëmulgeerd	emulgeren:v
emulsies	emulsie:n
emulsietje	emulsie:n
emulgere	emulgeren:v
bilocaties	bilocatie:n
tweedehandse	tweedehands:a
ineenstortingen	ineenstorting:n
baggerde	baggeren:v
baggert	baggeren:v
baggerden	baggeren:v
baggerend	baggeren:v
gebaggerd	baggeren:v
brutaalst	brutaal:a
brutalere	brutaal:a
brutaalste	brutaal:a
kerselaars	kerselaar:n
kerselaartje	kerselaar:n
legitimeer	legitimeren:v
legitimeerde	legitimeren:v
legitimeert	legitimeren:v
legitimeerden	legitimeren:v
legitimerend	legitimeren:v
gelegitimeerd	legitimeren:v
legitimere	legitimeren:v
collectieve	collectief:a
collectieven	collectief:n
rechtvaardigingen	rechtvaardiging:n
afzinkbare	afzinkbaar:a
afzink	afzinken:v
afzonk	afzinken:v
afzinkt	afzinken:v
afzonken	afzinken:v
afzinkend	afzinken:v
afgezonken	afzinken:v
vrijmetselaars	vrijmetselaar:n
vrijmetselaren	vrijmetselaar:n
vrijmetselaartje	vrijmetselaar:n
glas-in-loodramen	glas-in-loodraam:n
glas-in-loodraampje	glas-in-loodraam:n
hydrodynamische	hydrodynamisch:a
zelfverdedigingen	zelfverdediging:n
penetreer	penetreren:v
penetreerde	penetreren:v
penetreert	penetreren:v
penetreerden	penetreren:v
penetrerend	penetreren:v
gepenetreerd	penetreren:v
penetrere	penetreren:v
rijmen	rijm:n
rijmpje	rijm:n
rijm	rijmen:v
rijmde	rijmen:v
rijmt	rijmen:v
rijmden	rijmen:v
rijmend	rijmen:v
gerijmd	rijmen:v
rijmschema's	rijmschema:n
rijmschemaatje	rijmschema:n
poëzieën	poëzie:n
poëzietje	poëzie:n
kalligrafen	kalligraaf:n
kalligraafje	kalligraaf:n
kalligrafieën	kalligrafie:n
kalligrafietje	kalligrafie:n
grootmeesters	grootmeester:n
grootmeestertje	grootmeester:n
schaaksters	schaakster:n
schaakstertje	schaakster:n
wendbaarheden	wendbaarheid:n
wendbaarder	wendbaar:a
wendbaarst	wendbaar:a
wendbare	wendbaar:a
wendbaardere	wendbaar:a
wendbaarste	wendbaar:a
uithoudingsvermogens	uithoudingsvermogen:n
fysieke	fysiek:a
fortuinlijker	fortuinlijk:a
fortuinlijkst	fortuinlijk:a
fortuinlijke	fortuinlijk:a
fortuinlijkere	fortuinlijk:a
fortuinlijkste	fortuinlijk:a
snoei	snoeien:v
snoeide	snoeien:v
snoeit	snoeien:v
snoeiden	snoeien:v
snoeiend	snoeien:v
gesnoeid	snoeien:v
bibliografen	bibliograaf:n
bibliograafje	bibliograaf:n
runnend	runnen:v
choqueer	choqueren:v
choqueerde	choqueren:v
choqueert	choqueren:v
choqueerden	choqueren:v
choquerend	choqueren:v
gechoqueerd	choqueren:v
runne	runnen:v
choquere	choqueren:v
adjudanten	adjudant:n
adjudantje	adjudant:n
vrijafje	vrijaf:n
aanbiddelijker	aanbiddelijk:a
aanbiddelijkst	aanbiddelijk:a
aanbiddelijke	aanbiddelijk:a
aanbiddelijkere	aanbiddelijk:a
aanbiddelijkste	aanbiddelijk:a
bijeneters	bijeneter:n
bijenetertje	bijeneter:n
vilajets	vilajet:n
pisbakken	pisbak:n
pisbakje	pisbak:n
Indo-Europese	Indo-Europees:a
tijdlijnen	tijdlijn:n
tijdlijntje	tijdlijn:n
aanricht	aanrichten:v
aanrichtte	aanrichten:v
aanrichtten	aanrichten:v
aanrichtend	aanrichten:v
aangericht	aanrichten:v
kaduker	kaduuk:a
kaduukst	kaduuk:a
kaduke	kaduuk:a
kadukere	kaduuk:a
kaduukste	kaduuk:a
schaffe	schaffen:v
schaftte	schaften:v
schaftten	schaften:v
schaftend	schaften:v
pauzeer	pauzeren:v
pauzeerde	pauzeren:v
pauzeert	pauzeren:v
pauzeerden	pauzeren:v
pauzerend	pauzeren:v
gepauzeerd	pauzeren:v
pauzere	pauzeren:v
pauzes	pauze:n
pauzetje	pauze:n
rijg	rijgen:v
reeg	rijgen:v
rijgt	rijgen:v
rijgend	rijgen:v
geregen	rijgen:v
rijge	rijgen:v
reegt	rijgen:v
tijdmachines	tijdmachine:n
claimde	claimen:v
claimt	claimen:v
claimden	claimen:v
claimend	claimen:v
geclaimd	claimen:v
afschiet	afschieten:v
afschoot	afschieten:v
afschoten	afschieten:v
afschietend	afschieten:v
afgeschoten	afschieten:v
achtervolgers	achtervolger:n
achtervolgertje	achtervolger:n
omdraai	omdraaien:v
omdraaide	omdraaien:v
omdraait	omdraaien:v
omdraaiden	omdraaien:v
omdraaiend	omdraaien:v
omgedraaid	omdraaien:v
omdraaien	omdraai:n
schotje	schot:n
schotten	schot:n
Schotje	Schot:n
loverboys	loverboy:n
loverboytje	loverboy:n
omdraaitje	omdraai:n
coaxiale	coaxiaal:a
helikoptercrashes	helikoptercrash:n
helikoptercrashje	helikoptercrash:n
zeboes	zeboe:n
zeboetje	zeboe:n
parmantiger	parmantig:a
parmantigst	parmantig:a
parmantige	parmantig:a
parmantigere	parmantig:a
parmantigste	parmantig:a
provoceer	provoceren:v
provoceerde	provoceren:v
provoceert	provoceren:v
provoceerden	provoceren:v
provocerend	provoceren:v
geprovoceerd	provoceren:v
provocaties	provocatie:n
provocatietje	provocatie:n
tartte	tarten:v
tartten	tarten:v
tartend	tarten:v
getart	tarten:v
trotseer	trotseren:v
trotseerde	trotseren:v
trotseert	trotseren:v
trotseerden	trotseren:v
trotserend	trotseren:v
getrotseerd	trotseren:v
Platduitser	Platduits:a
Platduitst	Platduits:a
Platduitse	Platduits:a
Platduitsere	Platduits:a
Platduitste	Platduits:a
luikt	luiken:v
luikend	luiken:v
geloken	luiken:v
luike	luiken:v
provocere	provoceren:v
verdeeldheden	verdeeldheid:n
Iraanser	Iraans:a
Iraanse	Iraans:a
Iraansere	Iraans:a
Iraanste	Iraans:a
Iraniërs	Iraniër:n
Iraniërtje	Iraniër:n
rechauds	rechaud:n
rechaudje	rechaud:n
deeltekens	deelteken:n
deeltekentje	deelteken:n
efficiënter	efficiënt:a
efficiëntst	efficiënt:a
efficiënte	efficiënt:a
efficiëntere	efficiënt:a
efficiëntste	efficiënt:a
doelmatiger	doelmatig:a
doelmatigst	doelmatig:a
doelmatige	doelmatig:a
doelmatigere	doelmatig:a
doelmatigste	doelmatig:a
inefficiënter	inefficiënt:a
inefficiëntst	inefficiënt:a
inefficiënte	inefficiënt:a
inefficiëntere	inefficiënt:a
inefficiëntste	inefficiënt:a
inefficiënties	inefficiëntie:n
buiiger	buiig:a
buiigst	buiig:a
buiige	buiig:a
buiigere	buiig:a
buiigste	buiig:a
streep	strepen:v
streepte	strepen:v
streept	strepen:v
streepten	strepen:v
strepend	strepen:v
gestreept	strepen:v
ziertje	zier:n
hoogtevreesje	hoogtevrees:n
broekspijpen	broekspijp:n
broekspijpje	broekspijp:n
voorbehoedsmiddelen	voorbehoedsmiddel:n
voorbehoedsmiddeltje	voorbehoedsmiddel:n
klimaatsverandering	klimaatverandering:n
stormachtiger	stormachtig:a
stormachtigst	stormachtig:a
stormachtige	stormachtig:a
stormachtigere	stormachtig:a
stormachtigste	stormachtig:a
weglatingstekens	weglatingsteken:n
weglatingstekentje	weglatingsteken:n
weglatingen	weglating:n
omissies	omissie:n
omissietje	omissie:n
omitteer	omitteren:v
omitteerde	omitteren:v
omitteert	omitteren:v
omitteerden	omitteren:v
omitterend	omitteren:v
geomitteerd	omitteren:v
tussenkoppen	tussenkop:n
tussenkopje	tussenkop:n
omittere	omitteren:v
intactivisten	intactivist:n
partikels	partikel:n
partikelen	partikel:n
partikeltje	partikel:n
zomerzonnewenden	zomerzonnewende:n
zomerzonnewendes	zomerzonnewende:n
winterzonnewenden	winterzonnewende:n
winterzonnewendes	winterzonnewende:n
lentenachteveningen	lentenachtevening:n
herfstnachteveningen	herfstnachtevening:n
nachteveningen	nachtevening:n
dag-en-nachteveningen	dag-en-nachtevening:n
hoofdvakken	hoofdvak:n
hoofdvakje	hoofdvak:n
bijvakken	bijvak:n
bijvakje	bijvak:n
praktijkje	praktijk:n
vloerkleden	vloerkleed:n
vloerkleedje	vloerkleed:n
inbelverbindingen	inbelverbinding:n
inbelverbindinkje	inbelverbinding:n
laatstgenoemde	laatstgenoemd:a
eerstgenoemde	eerstgenoemd:a
lobbe	lobben:v
lobbesen	lobbes:n
lobbesje	lobbes:n
karikaturen	karikatuur:n
karikatuurtje	karikatuur:n
Limburgers	Limburger:n
Limburgertje	Limburger:n
klantenservices	klantenservice:n
Duitstalige	Duitstalig:a
waarborgde	waarborgen:v
waarborgt	waarborgen:v
waarborgden	waarborgen:v
waarborgend	waarborgen:v
gewaarborgd	waarborgen:v
magistergraden	magistergraad:n
magistergraadje	magistergraad:n
meestergraden	meestergraad:n
klarinettisten	klarinettist:n
klarinettistje	klarinettist:n
kamermuziekje	kamermuziek:n
bedlampen	bedlamp:n
bedlampje	bedlamp:n
waarborge	waarborgen:v
knalle	knallen:v
obsedeer	obsederen:v
obsedeerde	obsederen:v
obsedeert	obsederen:v
obsedeerden	obsederen:v
obsederend	obsederen:v
geobsedeerd	obsederen:v
cryogenische	cryogenisch:a
obsessies	obsessie:n
obsessietje	obsessie:n
mijn	mijnen:v
mijnde	mijnen:v
mijnt	mijnen:v
mijnden	mijnen:v
mijnend	mijnen:v
gemijnd	mijnen:v
glamoureuze	glamoureus:a
glamoureuzer	glamoureus:a
glamoureust	glamoureus:a
glamoureuzere	glamoureus:a
glamoureuste	glamoureus:a
oostkusten	oostkust:n
oostkustje	oostkust:n
westkusten	westkust:n
westkustje	westkust:n
getijdeverschil	getijdenverschil:n
obsedere	obsederen:v
nerd	nerden:v
nerdde	nerden:v
nerdt	nerden:v
nerdden	nerden:v
nerdend	nerden:v
generd	nerden:v
toe-eigeningen	toe-eigening:n
zeewateren	zeewater:n
zeewaters	zeewater:n
zeewatertje	zeewater:n
roskammen	roskam:n
roskammetje	roskam:n
bikte	bikken:v
bikt	bikken:v
bikten	bikken:v
bikkend	bikken:v
gebikt	bikken:v
kaande	kanen:v
kaant	kanen:v
kaanden	kanen:v
kanend	kanen:v
gekaand	kanen:v
huwelijksbureaus	huwelijksbureau:n
huwelijksbureautje	huwelijksbureau:n
rolmopsen	rolmops:n
rolmopsje	rolmops:n
boetseer	boetseren:v
boetseerde	boetseren:v
boetseert	boetseren:v
boetseerden	boetseren:v
boetserend	boetseren:v
geboetseerd	boetseren:v
rechtlijniger	rechtlijnig:a
rechtlijnigst	rechtlijnig:a
rechtlijnige	rechtlijnig:a
rechtlijnigere	rechtlijnig:a
rechtlijnigste	rechtlijnig:a
merck	merk:n
boetsere	boetseren:v
kane	kanen:v
bikke	bikken:v
kratten	krat:n
kratje	krat:n
voortdrijf	voortdrijven:v
voortdreef	voortdrijven:v
voortdrijft	voortdrijven:v
voortdreven	voortdrijven:v
voortdrijvend	voortdrijven:v
voortgedreven	voortdrijven:v
ontluik	ontluiken:v
ontlook	ontluiken:v
ontluikt	ontluiken:v
ontloken	ontluiken:v
ontluikend	ontluiken:v
ontlookt	ontluiken:v
ontluike	ontluiken:v
ontloke	ontluiken:v
valluiken	valluik:n
valluikje	valluik:n
gallische	gallisch:a
achterdeuren	achterdeur:n
achterdeurtje	achterdeur:n
fte's	fte:n
fte'tje	fte:n
Nieuw-Zeelanders	Nieuw-Zeelander:n
Nieuw-Zeelandertje	Nieuw-Zeelander:n
wakers	waker:n
wakertje	waker:n
Nepalezen	Nepalees:n
Nepaleesje	Nepalees:n
achttienjarige	achttienjarig:a
beklimmers	beklimmer:n
beklimmertje	beklimmer:n
Kroatischen	Kroatische:n
geodeten	geodeet:n
geodeetje	geodeet:n
geodetische	geodetisch:a
supervisies	supervisie:n
supervisietje	supervisie:n
moesje	moes:n
verbogene	verbogen:a
onverbogene	onverbogen:a
stalinismetje	stalinisme:n
seminaristen	seminarist:n
Oranjes	Oranje:n
paramenten	parament:n
paramentje	parament:n
voorzicht	voorzichtigheid:n
marxistischer	marxistisch:a
marxistischt	marxistisch:a
marxistische	marxistisch:a
marxistischere	marxistisch:a
marxistischte	marxistisch:a
leninistischer	leninistisch:a
leninistischt	leninistisch:a
leninistische	leninistisch:a
leninistischere	leninistisch:a
leninistischte	leninistisch:a
compileer	compileren:v
compileerde	compileren:v
compileert	compileren:v
compileerden	compileren:v
compilerend	compileren:v
gecompileerd	compileren:v
compilere	compileren:v
hergebruik	hergebruiken:v
hergebruikte	hergebruiken:v
hergebruikt	hergebruiken:v
hergebruikten	hergebruiken:v
hergebruikend	hergebruiken:v
hergebruike	hergebruiken:v
culinaire	culinair:a
voetsporen	voetspoor:n
voetspoortje	voetspoor:n
flottille	flottielje:n
wiebel	wiebelen:v
wiebelde	wiebelen:v
wiebelt	wiebelen:v
wiebelden	wiebelen:v
wiebelend	wiebelen:v
gewiebeld	wiebelen:v
wiebele	wiebelen:v
tehuizen	tehuis:n
tehuisje	tehuis:n
tehuis	thuis:d
hermeneuten	hermeneut:n
hypoxieën	hypoxie:n
boegbeelden	boegbeeld:n
boegbeeldje	boegbeeld:n
inoculeer	inoculeren:v
inoculeerde	inoculeren:v
inoculeert	inoculeren:v
inoculeerden	inoculeren:v
inoculerend	inoculeren:v
geïnoculeerd	inoculeren:v
clienten	client:n
guiten	guit:n
guitje	guit:n
fleuriger	fleurig:a
fleurigst	fleurig:a
fleurige	fleurig:a
fleurigere	fleurig:a
fleurigste	fleurig:a
opfleur	opfleuren:v
opfleurde	opfleuren:v
opfleurt	opfleuren:v
opfleurden	opfleuren:v
opfleurend	opfleuren:v
opgefleurd	opfleuren:v
oefenwedstrijden	oefenwedstrijd:n
oefenwedstrijdje	oefenwedstrijd:n
zeepkistenraces	zeepkistenrace:n
sneltreinen	sneltrein:n
sneltreintje	sneltrein:n
stoptreinen	stoptrein:n
stoptreintje	stoptrein:n
goederentreinen	goederentrein:n
goederentreintje	goederentrein:n
deurposten	deurpost:n
deurpostje	deurpost:n
stalkte	stalken:v
stalkt	stalken:v
stalkten	stalken:v
stalkend	stalken:v
gestalkt	stalken:v
sufst	suf:a
suffe	suf:a
suffere	suf:a
sufste	suf:a
klopjachten	klopjacht:n
klopjachtje	klopjacht:n
gedachtelozer	gedachteloos:a
gedachteloost	gedachteloos:a
gedachteloze	gedachteloos:a
gedachtelozere	gedachteloos:a
gedachtelooste	gedachteloos:a
gedachtewerelden	gedachtewereld:n
gedachtewereldje	gedachtewereld:n
voortvluchtige	voortvluchtig:a
voortvluchtigen	voortvluchtige:n
Chileense	Chileens:a
Chileensen	Chileense:n
doek	doeken:v
doekte	doeken:v
doekt	doeken:v
doekten	doeken:v
doekend	doeken:v
gedoekt	doeken:v
avonturiers	avonturier:n
avonturiertje	avonturier:n
rugvinnen	rugvin:n
rugvinnetje	rugvin:n
staartvinnen	staartvin:n
staartvinnetje	staartvin:n
borstvinnen	borstvin:n
borstvinnetje	borstvin:n
stalke	stalken:v
vingerhoedjes	vingerhoedje:n
schanden	schande:n
schandes	schande:n
hoekschoppen	hoekschop:n
hoekschopje	hoekschop:n
winkelcentra	winkelcentrum:n
winkelcentrumpje	winkelcentrum:n
traangassen	traangas:n
dievegges	dievegge:n
dieveggen	dievegge:n
dieveggetje	dievegge:n
gletsjermolens	gletsjermolen:n
gletsjermolentje	gletsjermolen:n
eurie	euro:n
barbecuen	barbecueën:v
barbecuede	barbecueën:v
barbecuet	barbecueën:v
barbecueden	barbecueën:v
barbecueënd	barbecueën:v
gebarbecued	barbecueën:v
barbecueë	barbecueën:v
digestiever	digestief:a
digestiefst	digestief:a
digestieve	digestief:a
digestievere	digestief:a
digestiefste	digestief:a
digestieven	digestief:n
digestiefje	digestief:n
aperitieven	aperitief:n
aperitiefje	aperitief:n
samenzangen	samenzang:n
zangen	zang:n
kerkdiensten	kerkdienst:n
kerkdienstje	kerkdienst:n
looi	looien:v
looide	looien:v
looit	looien:v
looiden	looien:v
looiend	looien:v
gelooid	looien:v
looien	loden:a
vuurvliegen	vuurvlieg:n
vuurvliegje	vuurvlieg:n
gedenktekens	gedenkteken:n
gedenktekentje	gedenkteken:n
grafschennissen	grafschennis:n
grafschennisje	grafschennis:n
exporteer	exporteren:v
exporteerde	exporteren:v
exporteert	exporteren:v
exporteerden	exporteren:v
exporterend	exporteren:v
geëxporteerd	exporteren:v
opiaten	opiaat:n
opiaatje	opiaat:n
bevecht	bevechten:v
bevechtend	bevechten:v
leasete	leasen:v
leaset	leasen:v
leaseten	leasen:v
leasend	leasen:v
geleaset	leasen:v
leasede	leasen:v
leaseden	leasen:v
geleased	leasen:v
upgradede	upgraden:v
upgradet	upgraden:v
upgradeden	upgraden:v
upgradend	upgraden:v
geüpgraded	upgraden:v
bevechte	bevechten:v
bevochte	bevechten:v
tournees	tournee:n
tourneetje	tournee:n
ruwde	ruwen:v
ruwt	ruwen:v
ruwden	ruwen:v
ruwend	ruwen:v
geruwd	ruwen:v
bankschroeven	bankschroef:n
bankschroefje	bankschroef:n
bestuursdiensten	bestuursdienst:n
bestuursdienstje	bestuursdienst:n
draperieën	draperie:n
draperietje	draperie:n
draperieken	draperie:n
opzadel	opzadelen:v
opzadelde	opzadelen:v
opzadelt	opzadelen:v
opzadelden	opzadelen:v
opzadelend	opzadelen:v
opgezadeld	opzadelen:v
bouwvallen	bouwval:n
bouwvalletje	bouwval:n
brokkel	brokkelen:v
brokkelde	brokkelen:v
brokkelt	brokkelen:v
brokkelden	brokkelen:v
brokkelend	brokkelen:v
gebrokkeld	brokkelen:v
afbrokkel	afbrokkelen:v
afbrokkelde	afbrokkelen:v
afbrokkelt	afbrokkelen:v
afbrokkelden	afbrokkelen:v
afbrokkelend	afbrokkelen:v
afgebrokkeld	afbrokkelen:v
grammaticaler	grammaticaal:a
grammaticalere	grammaticaal:a
grammaticaalste	grammaticaal:a
slechten	slechte:n
doordeweekse	doordeweeks:a
Marokkaanse	Marokkaans:a
Slowaaksen	Slowaakse:n
trechters	trechter:n
trechtertje	trechter:n
donateurs	donateur:n
roosterde	roosteren:v
roostert	roosteren:v
roosterden	roosteren:v
roosterend	roosteren:v
geroosterd	roosteren:v
brokkele	brokkelen:v
doorheb	doorhebben:v
doorhad	doorhebben:v
doorhebt	doorhebben:v
doorheeft	doorhebben:v
doorhadden	doorhebben:v
doorhebbend	doorhebben:v
doorgehad	doorhebben:v
doorkrijg	doorkrijgen:v
doorkreeg	doorkrijgen:v
doorkrijgt	doorkrijgen:v
doorkregen	doorkrijgen:v
doorkrijgend	doorkrijgen:v
doorgekregen	doorkrijgen:v
kerstkaarten	kerstkaart:n
kerstkaartje	kerstkaart:n
lijsttrekkers	lijsttrekker:n
lijsttrekkertje	lijsttrekker:n
bewaarders	bewaarder:n
bewaardertje	bewaarder:n
matrozenpakken	matrozenpak:n
matrozenpakje	matrozenpak:n
antropomorfische	antropomorfisch:a
tekenkunsten	tekenkunst:n
figuurtje	figuur:n
onhandiger	onhandig:a
onhandigst	onhandig:a
onhandige	onhandig:a
onderbetaalde	onderbetaald:a|onderbetalen:v
koekeloer	koekeloeren:v
koekeloerde	koekeloeren:v
koekeloert	koekeloeren:v
koekeloerden	koekeloeren:v
koekeloerend	koekeloeren:v
gekoekeloerd	koekeloeren:v
loer	loeren:v
loerde	loeren:v
loert	loeren:v
loerden	loeren:v
loerend	loeren:v
geloerd	loeren:v
loeren	loer:n
gluur	gluren:v
gluurde	gluren:v
gluurt	gluren:v
gluurden	gluren:v
glurend	gluren:v
gegluurd	gluren:v
sociaaldemocratische	sociaaldemocratisch:a
voorsprongen	voorsprong:n
voorsprongetje	voorsprong:n
christendemocratische	christendemocratisch:a
opstap	opstappen:v
opstapte	opstappen:v
opstapt	opstappen:v
opstapten	opstappen:v
opstappend	opstappen:v
opgestapt	opstappen:v
opstappen	opstap:n
vicepresidenten	vicepresident:n
verdenkingen	verdenking:n
verdenkinkje	verdenking:n
vrouwenhandeltje	vrouwenhandel:n
metaforische	metaforisch:a
handtassen	handtas:n
handtasje	handtas:n
ritsen	rits:n
ritsje	rits:n
ritser	rits:a
ritst	rits:a|ritsen:v
ritse	rits:a
ritsere	rits:a
ritste	rits:a|ritsen:v
rits	ritsen:v
ritsten	ritsen:v
ritsend	ritsen:v
geritst	ritsen:v
glure	gluren:v
loertje	loer:n
loere	loeren:v
koekeloere	koekeloeren:v
opstapje	opstap:n
gezichtsuitdrukkingen	gezichtsuitdrukking:n
gezichtsuitdrukkinkje	gezichtsuitdrukking:n
uiteinden	uiteinde:n
uiteindes	uiteinde:n
uiteindje	uiteinde:n
nijdiger	nijdig:a
nijdigst	nijdig:a
nijdige	nijdig:a
nijdigere	nijdig:a
nijdigste	nijdig:a
naturalismetje	naturalisme:n
nijdigs	nijdig:a
opdonders	opdonder:n
opdondertje	opdonder:n
opdonder	opdonderen:v
opdonderde	opdonderen:v
opdondert	opdonderen:v
opdonderden	opdonderen:v
opdonderend	opdonderen:v
opgedonderd	opdonderen:v
oprot	oprotten:v
oprotte	oprotten:v
oprottend	oprotten:v
opgerot	oprotten:v
opsodemieter	opsodemieteren:v
opsodemieterde	opsodemieteren:v
opsodemietert	opsodemieteren:v
opsodemieterden	opsodemieteren:v
opsodemieterend	opsodemieteren:v
opgesodemieterd	opsodemieteren:v
zoutmolens	zoutmolen:n
zoutmolentje	zoutmolen:n
afhak	afhakken:v
afhakte	afhakken:v
afhakt	afhakken:v
afhakten	afhakken:v
afhakkend	afhakken:v
afgehakt	afhakken:v
stembussen	stembus:n
stembusje	stembus:n
afstembereiken	afstembereik:n
afstembereikje	afstembereik:n
fasemodulaties	fasemodulatie:n
fasemodulatietje	fasemodulatie:n
zendmasten	zendmast:n
zendmastje	zendmast:n
stoorzenders	stoorzender:n
stoorzendertje	stoorzender:n
zendamateurs	zendamateur:n
zendamateurtje	zendamateur:n
breedbandverbindingen	breedbandverbinding:n
breedbandverbindinkje	breedbandverbinding:n
vervlieg	vervliegen:v
vervloog	vervliegen:v
vervliegt	vervliegen:v
vervliegend	vervliegen:v
vervloogt	vervliegen:v
vervloge	vervliegen:v
vervliege	vervliegen:v
kiespijnen	kiespijn:n
kiespijntje	kiespijn:n
maagpijnen	maagpijn:n
maagpijntje	maagpijn:n
vraaggesprekken	vraaggesprek:n
vraaggesprekje	vraaggesprek:n
spraakgebreken	spraakgebrek:n
spraakgebrekje	spraakgebrek:n
tweelingzussen	tweelingzus:n
tweelingzusje	tweelingzus:n
tweelingzusters	tweelingzuster:n
rasechts	rasecht:a
rijks	rijk:a
joel	joelen:v
joelde	joelen:v
joelt	joelen:v
joelden	joelen:v
joelend	joelen:v
gejoeld	joelen:v
vleugelpiano's	vleugelpiano:n
vleugelpianootje	vleugelpiano:n
joele	joelen:v
wapende	wapenen:v
wapent	wapenen:v
wapenden	wapenen:v
wapenend	wapenen:v
wapene	wapenen:v
demp	dempen:v
dempte	dempen:v
dempt	dempen:v
dempten	dempen:v
dempend	dempen:v
celmembranen	celmembraan:n
celmembraantje	celmembraan:n
adenomen	adenoom:n
adenoompje	adenoom:n
kauri's	kauri:n
kauri'tje	kauri:n
beraam	beramen:v
beraamde	beramen:v
beraamt	beramen:v
beraamden	beramen:v
beramend	beramen:v
beraamd	beramen:v
gletsers	gletser:n
ortho	orthodontist:n
spits	spitsen:v
spitsten	spitsen:v
spitsend	spitsen:v
gespitst	spitsen:v
schatrijks	schatrijk:a
wortelde	wortelen:v
wortelt	wortelen:v
wortelden	wortelen:v
wortelend	wortelen:v
wortele	wortelen:v
lijsttrekkersdebatten	lijsttrekkersdebat:n
lijsttrekkersdebatje	lijsttrekkersdebat:n
translocaties	translocatie:n
hoefsmeden	hoefsmid:n
hoefsmidje	hoefsmid:n
armeeën	armee:n
armeetje	armee:n
tetraëders	tetraëder:n
tetraëdertje	tetraëder:n
polynomen	polynoom:n
polynoompje	polynoom:n
polynome	polynoom:a
polynomialer	polynomiaal:a
polynomiaalst	polynomiaal:a
polynomiale	polynomiaal:a
polynomialere	polynomiaal:a
polynomiaalste	polynomiaal:a
presteer	presteren:v
presteerde	presteren:v
presteert	presteren:v
presteerden	presteren:v
presterend	presteren:v
gepresteerd	presteren:v
prestere	presteren:v
politieks	politiek:a
Aziaten	Aziaat:n
Aziaatje	Aziaat:n
zelfmoordje	zelfmoord:n
homogeniteiten	homogeniteit:n
abscissen	abscis:n
abscisje	abscis:n
inaugurale	inauguraal:a
inaugureel	inauguraal:a
middenvelders	middenvelder:n
middenveldertje	middenvelder:n
vleugelspelers	vleugelspeler:n
vleugelspelertje	vleugelspeler:n
pokerde	pokeren:v
pokert	pokeren:v
pokerden	pokeren:v
pokerend	pokeren:v
gepokerd	pokeren:v
weiden	weide:n
weides	weide:n
incheck	inchecken:v
incheckte	inchecken:v
incheckt	inchecken:v
incheckten	inchecken:v
incheckend	inchecken:v
ingecheckt	inchecken:v
griende	grienen:v
grient	grienen:v
grienden	grienen:v|griend:n
grienend	grienen:v
gegriend	grienen:v
blesseer	blesseren:v
blesseerde	blesseren:v
blesseert	blesseren:v
blesseerden	blesseren:v
blesserend	blesseren:v
geblesseerd	blesseren:v
pokere	pokeren:v
blessere	blesseren:v
elftallen	elftal:n
elftalletje	elftal:n
treffers	treffer:n
treffertje	treffer:n
lolletjes	lolletje:n
intrusiever	intrusief:a
intrusiefst	intrusief:a
intrusieve	intrusief:a
intrusievere	intrusief:a
intrusiefste	intrusief:a
koekenbakkers	koekenbakker:n
koekenbakkertje	koekenbakker:n
prebenden	prebende:n
prebendes	prebende:n
flaneer	flaneren:v
flaneerde	flaneren:v
flaneert	flaneren:v
flaneerden	flaneren:v
flanerend	flaneren:v
geflaneerd	flaneren:v
onaantrekkelijker	onaantrekkelijk:a
onaantrekkelijkst	onaantrekkelijk:a
onaantrekkelijke	onaantrekkelijk:a
onaantrekkelijkere	onaantrekkelijk:a
onaantrekkelijkste	onaantrekkelijk:a
attractiever	attractief:a
attractiefst	attractief:a
attractieve	attractief:a
attractievere	attractief:a
attractiefste	attractief:a
ongewisser	ongewis:a
ongewist	ongewis:a
ongewisse	ongewis:a
ongewissere	ongewis:a
ongewiste	ongewis:a
weggeweest	wegwezen:v
flanere	flaneren:v
aantrekkelijks	aantrekkelijk:a
onaantrekkelijks	onaantrekkelijk:a
attractiefs	attractief:a
toonsoorten	toonsoort:n
toonsoortje	toonsoort:n
componeer	componeren:v
componeerde	componeren:v
componeert	componeren:v
componeerden	componeren:v
componerend	componeren:v
gecomponeerd	componeren:v
puncteer	puncteren:v
puncteerde	puncteren:v
puncteert	puncteren:v
puncteerden	puncteren:v
puncterend	puncteren:v
gepuncteerd	puncteren:v
melodischer	melodisch:a
melodischt	melodisch:a
melodische	melodisch:a
melodischere	melodisch:a
melodischte	melodisch:a
lyrischer	lyrisch:a
lyrischt	lyrisch:a
lyrische	lyrisch:a
lyrischere	lyrisch:a
lyrischte	lyrisch:a
punctere	puncteren:v
totaals	totaal:a
berame	beramen:v
groens	groen:a
slaapkoppen	slaapkop:n
slaapkopje	slaapkop:n
schwalbes	schwalbe:n
schwalbetje	schwalbe:n
blauws	blauw:a
vlottend	vlotten:v
gevlot	vlotten:v
verhelp	verhelpen:v
verhielp	verhelpen:v
verhelpt	verhelpen:v
verhielpen	verhelpen:v
verhelpend	verhelpen:v
verholpen	verhelpen:v
verhielpe	verhelpen:v
verhielpt	verhelpen:v
verhelpe	verhelpen:v
langzaams	langzaam:a
buigzaams	buigzaam:a
duurzaams	duurzaam:a
eenzaams	eenzaam:a
moeizaams	moeizaam:a
vreedzaams	vreedzaam:a
werkzaams	werkzaam:a
opraap	oprapen:v
opraapte	oprapen:v
opraapt	oprapen:v
opraapten	oprapen:v
oprapend	oprapen:v
opgeraapt	oprapen:v
grollen	grol:n
grolletje	grol:n
foutiefs	foutief:a
donkertes	donkerte:n
toeterde	toeteren:v
toetert	toeteren:v
toeterden	toeteren:v
toeterend	toeteren:v
getoeterd	toeteren:v
slavisten	slavist:n
slavistje	slavist:n
inzit	inzitten:v
inzat	inzitten:v
inzaten	inzitten:v
inzittend	inzitten:v
ingezeten	inzitten:v
inzittenden	inzittende:n
scheepswrakken	scheepswrak:n
scheepswrakje	scheepswrak:n
Maleisische	Maleisisch:a
Hondurese	Hondurees:a
Hondurezen	Hondurees:n
Hondureesje	Hondurees:n
lijkenhuizen	lijkenhuis:n
lijkenhuisje	lijkenhuis:n
lucratiever	lucratief:a
lucratiefst	lucratief:a
lucratieve	lucratief:a
lucratievere	lucratief:a
lucratiefste	lucratief:a
lucratiefs	lucratief:a
gratiën	gratie:n
unanieme	unaniem:a
eenpariger	eenparig:a
eenparigst	eenparig:a
eenparige	eenparig:a
eenparigere	eenparig:a
eenparigste	eenparig:a
bontebokken	bontebok:n
bontebokje	bontebok:n
eenparigs	eenparig:a
wijds	wijd:a
chordofonen	chordofoon:n
chordofoontje	chordofoon:n
legionella's	legionella:n
antropologen	antropoloog:n
antropoloogje	antropoloog:n
refracties	refractie:n
spiritualiteiten	spiritualiteit:n
noodzakelijks	noodzakelijk:a
teambuildingen	teambuilding:n
teambuildings	teambuilding:n
nalatiger	nalatig:a
nalatigst	nalatig:a
nalatige	nalatig:a
nalatigere	nalatig:a
nalatigste	nalatig:a
werkvloeren	werkvloer:n
werkvloertje	werkvloer:n
beroertes	beroerte:n
beroerten	beroerte:n
beroertetje	beroerte:n
hitteberoerten	hitteberoerte:n
hitteberoertes	hitteberoerte:n
becijfer	becijferen:v
becijferde	becijferen:v
becijfert	becijferen:v
becijferden	becijferen:v
becijferend	becijferen:v
becijferd	becijferen:v
becijfere	becijferen:v
nalatigs	nalatig:a
zorgvuldigs	zorgvuldig:a
gewisse	gewis:a
nerdo's	nerdo:n
nerdootje	nerdo:n
vindingrijker	vindingrijk:a
vindingrijkst	vindingrijk:a
vindingrijke	vindingrijk:a
vindingrijkere	vindingrijk:a
vindingrijkste	vindingrijk:a
vindingrijks	vindingrijk:a
spinnewielen	spinnewiel:n
spinnewieltje	spinnewiel:n
onthuts	onthutsen:v
onthutsten	onthutsen:v
onthutsend	onthutsen:v
ontstel	ontstellen:v
ontstelde	ontstellen:v
ontstelt	ontstellen:v
ontstelden	ontstellen:v
ontstellend	ontstellen:v
ontsteld	ontstellen:v
onthutse	onthutsen:v
ontstelle	ontstellen:v
smakte	smakken:v
smakt	smakken:v
smakten	smakken:v
smakkend	smakken:v
gesmakt	smakken:v
smakke	smakken:v
knietjes	knietje:n
proportioneler	proportioneel:a
proportioneelst	proportioneel:a
proportionele	proportioneel:a
proportionelere	proportioneel:a
proportioneelste	proportioneel:a
declaranten	declarant:n
declarantje	declarant:n
duchtiger	duchtig:a
duchtigst	duchtig:a
duchtige	duchtig:a
duchtigere	duchtig:a
duchtigste	duchtig:a
membraneuze	membraneus:a
veroordelingen	veroordeling:n
veroordelinkje	veroordeling:n
aanhoor	aanhoren:v
aanhoorde	aanhoren:v
aanhoort	aanhoren:v
aanhoorden	aanhoren:v
aanhorend	aanhoren:v
aangehoord	aanhoren:v
aanhoord	aanhoren:v
pingpongde	pingpongen:v
pingpongt	pingpongen:v
pingpongden	pingpongen:v
pingpongend	pingpongen:v
gepingpongd	pingpongen:v
bedonder	bedonderen:v
bedonderde	bedonderen:v|bedonderd:v
bedondert	bedonderen:v
bedonderden	bedonderen:v
bedonderend	bedonderen:v
bedonderd	bedonderen:v
bedondere	bedonderen:v
boerser	boers:a
boerst	boers:a
boerse	boers:a
boersere	boers:a
boerste	boers:a
sjanse	sjansen:v
gleuven	gleuf:n
gleufje	gleuf:n
doorstreep	doorstrepen:v
doorstreepte	doorstrepen:v
doorstreept	doorstrepen:v
doorstreepten	doorstrepen:v
doorstrepend	doorstrepen:v
doorgestreept	doorstrepen:v
servetten	servet:n
servetje	servet:n
scherpschutters	scherpschutter:n
scherpschuttertje	scherpschutter:n
tofs	tof:a
walgelijks	walgelijk:a
voelsprieten	voelspriet:n
voelsprietje	voelspriet:n
verspillingen	verspilling:n
verspillinkje	verspilling:n
besteel	bestelen:v
bestal	bestelen:v
besteelt	bestelen:v
bestalen	bestelen:v
bestelend	bestelen:v
copieuzer	copieus:a
copieust	copieus:a
copieuze	copieus:a
copieuzere	copieus:a
copieuste	copieus:a
xylografieën	xylografie:n
omwaai	omwaaien:v
omwaaide	omwaaien:v
omwaait	omwaaien:v
omwaaiden	omwaaien:v
omwaaiend	omwaaien:v
omgewaaid	omwaaien:v
omwoei	omwaaien:v
omwoeien	omwaaien:v
windhozen	windhoos:n
windhoosje	windhoos:n
wervelde	wervelen:v
wervelt	wervelen:v
wervelden	wervelen:v
wervelend	wervelen:v
wervelwinden	wervelwind:n
wervelwindje	wervelwind:n
wervelstormen	wervelstorm:n
wervelstormpje	wervelstorm:n
hozen	hoos:n
hoosje	hoos:n
hoos	hozen:v
hoosde	hozen:v
hoost	hozen:v
hoosden	hozen:v
hozend	hozen:v
gehoosd	hozen:v
wervele	wervelen:v
ooften	ooft:n
ooftje	ooft:n
kabbel	kabbelen:v
kabbelde	kabbelen:v
kabbelt	kabbelen:v
kabbelden	kabbelen:v
kabbelend	kabbelen:v
gekabbeld	kabbelen:v
rosemalingen	rosemaling:n
rosemalingetje	rosemaling:n
pluizen	pluis:n
pluisje	pluis:n
pluis	pluizen:v
ploos	pluizen:v
pluist	pluizen:v
plozen	pluizen:v
pluizend	pluizen:v
geplozen	pluizen:v
hondachtiger	hondachtig:a
hondachtigst	hondachtig:a
hondachtige	hondachtig:a
hondachtigere	hondachtig:a
hondachtigste	hondachtig:a
hondachtigen	hondachtige:n
hondachtigs	hondachtig:a
grijzigs	grijzig:a
vruchtbaars	vruchtbaar:a
rossiger	rossig:a
rossigst	rossig:a
rossige	rossig:a
rossigere	rossig:a
rossigste	rossig:a
rossigs	rossig:a
afschrik	afschrikken:v
afschrikte	afschrikken:v
afschrikt	afschrikken:v
afschrikten	afschrikken:v
afschrikkend	afschrikken:v
afgeschrikt	afschrikken:v
archiveer	archiveren:v
archiveerde	archiveren:v
archiveert	archiveren:v
archiveerden	archiveren:v
archiverend	archiveren:v
gearchiveerd	archiveren:v
hemelsblauw	hemelblauw:n|hemelblauw:a
karabijnen	karabijn:n
karabijntje	karabijn:n
doortrek	doortrekken:v
doortrok	doortrekken:v
doortrekt	doortrekken:v
doortrokken	doortrekken:v
doortrekkend	doortrekken:v
doorgetrokken	doortrekken:v
thermodynamische	thermodynamisch:a
phacelia's	phacelia:n
phaceliaatje	phacelia:n
passievruchten	passievrucht:n
passievruchtje	passievrucht:n
zoekmachines	zoekmachine:n
zoekmachientje	zoekmachine:n
zoekmachinetje	zoekmachine:n
saais	saai:a
geestiger	geestig:a
geestigst	geestig:a
geestige	geestig:a
geestigere	geestig:a
geestigste	geestig:a
geestigs	geestig:a
paranoïder	paranoïde:a
paranoïedst	paranoïde:a
paranoïdere	paranoïde:a
paranoïedste	paranoïde:a
atoommassa's	atoommassa:n
atoommassaatje	atoommassa:n
cytoskeletten	cytoskelet:n
cytoskeletje	cytoskelet:n
kiessystemen	kiessysteem:n
kiessysteempje	kiessysteem:n
neukbaarder	neukbaar:a
neukbaarst	neukbaar:a
neukbare	neukbaar:a
neukbaardere	neukbaar:a
neukbaarste	neukbaar:a
kwispedoren	kwispedoor:n
kwispedoortje	kwispedoor:n
allergenen	allergeen:n
allergeentje	allergeen:n
minpunten	minpunt:n
minpuntje	minpunt:n
pluspunten	pluspunt:n
pluspuntje	pluspunt:n
Middelnederlandse	Middelnederlands:a
neuten	neut:n
neutje	neut:n
verwittig	verwittigen:v
verwittigde	verwittigen:v
verwittigt	verwittigen:v
verwittigden	verwittigen:v
verwittigend	verwittigen:v
verwittigd	verwittigen:v
strandwolven	strandwolf:n
strandwolfje	strandwolf:n
lenigheden	lenigheid:n
vertoef	vertoeven:v
vertoefde	vertoeven:v
vertoeft	vertoeven:v
vertoefden	vertoeven:v
vertoevend	vertoeven:v
vertoefd	vertoeven:v
parolen	parool:n
vertoeve	vertoeven:v
golflengten	golflengte:n
golflengtes	golflengte:n
golflengtetje	golflengte:n
saluten	saluut:n
saluutje	saluut:n
bevreemd	bevreemden:v
bevreemdde	bevreemden:v
bevreemdt	bevreemden:v
bevreemdden	bevreemden:v
bevreemdend	bevreemden:v
ophelder	ophelderen:v
ophelderde	ophelderen:v
opheldert	ophelderen:v
ophelderden	ophelderen:v
ophelderend	ophelderen:v
opgehelderd	ophelderen:v
terugkaats	terugkaatsen:v
terugkaatste	terugkaatsen:v
terugkaatst	terugkaatsen:v
terugkaatsten	terugkaatsen:v
terugkaatsend	terugkaatsen:v
teruggekaatst	terugkaatsen:v
bevreemde	bevreemden:v
Saksje	Saks:n
dingesen	dinges:n
dingesje	dinges:n
zwaailichten	zwaailicht:n
zwaailichtje	zwaailicht:n
sjoemel	sjoemelen:v
sjoemelde	sjoemelen:v
sjoemelt	sjoemelen:v
sjoemelden	sjoemelen:v
sjoemelend	sjoemelen:v
gesjoemeld	sjoemelen:v
opkrik	opkrikken:v
opkrikte	opkrikken:v
opkrikt	opkrikken:v
opkrikten	opkrikken:v
opkrikkend	opkrikken:v
opgekrikt	opkrikken:v
misstanden	misstand:n
misstandje	misstand:n
glansrollen	glansrol:n
glansrolletje	glansrol:n
stijgingen	stijging:n
stijginkje	stijging:n
ongenadiger	ongenadig:a
ongenadigst	ongenadig:a
ongenadige	ongenadig:a
ongenadigere	ongenadig:a
ongenadigste	ongenadig:a
sjoemele	sjoemelen:v
genadigs	genadig:a
ongenadigs	ongenadig:a
föhn	föhnen:v
föhnde	föhnen:v
föhnt	föhnen:v
föhnden	föhnen:v
föhnend	föhnen:v
geföhnd	föhnen:v
maffia's	maffia:n
maffiaatje	maffia:n
crèmiger	crèmig:a
crèmigst	crèmig:a
crèmige	crèmig:a
crèmigere	crèmig:a
crèmigste	crèmig:a
quakers	quaker:n
quakertje	quaker:n
zwevingen	zweving:n
zwevinkje	zweving:n
vijst	vijzen:v
vezen	vijzen:v
vijzend	vijzen:v
gevezen	vijzen:v
schaafde	schaven:v
schaaft	schaven:v
schaafden	schaven:v
schavend	schaven:v
geschaafd	schaven:v
grandiozer	grandioos:a
grandioost	grandioos:a
grandioze	grandioos:a
grandiozere	grandioos:a
grandiooste	grandioos:a
fusies	fusie:n
fusietje	fusie:n
tederheden	tederheid:n
tederheidje	tederheid:n
kennismaak	kennismaken:v
kennismaakte	kennismaken:v
kennismaakt	kennismaken:v
kennismaakten	kennismaken:v
kennismakend	kennismaken:v
kennisgemaakt	kennismaken:v
wederhelften	wederhelft:n
wederhelftje	wederhelft:n
deprimeer	deprimeren:v
deprimeerde	deprimeren:v
deprimeert	deprimeren:v
deprimeerden	deprimeren:v
deprimerend	deprimeren:v
gedeprimeerd	deprimeren:v
demotiveer	demotiveren:v
demotiveerde	demotiveren:v
demotiveert	demotiveren:v
demotiveerden	demotiveren:v
demotiverend	demotiveren:v
gedemotiveerd	demotiveren:v
incasseer	incasseren:v
incasseerde	incasseren:v
incasseert	incasseren:v
incasseerden	incasseren:v
incasserend	incasseren:v
geïncasseerd	incasseren:v
acetaten	acetaat:n
demotivere	demotiveren:v
incassere	incasseren:v
teders	teder:a
laagdoorlaatfilters	laagdoorlaatfilter:n
laagdoorlaatfiltertje	laagdoorlaatfilter:n
hoogdoorlaatfilters	hoogdoorlaatfilter:n
hoogdoorlaatfiltertje	hoogdoorlaatfilter:n
banddoorlaatfilters	banddoorlaatfilter:n
banddoorlaatfiltertje	banddoorlaatfilter:n
bandsperfilters	bandsperfilter:n
bandsperfiltertje	bandsperfilter:n
doorlaat	doorlaten:v
doorliet	doorlaten:v
doorlieten	doorlaten:v
doorgelaten	doorlaten:v
doorlatends	doorlatend:a
middenfrequenties	middenfrequentie:n
uitkeringen	uitkering:n
uitkerinkje	uitkering:n
passiever	passief:a
passiefst	passief:a
passieve	passief:a
passievere	passief:a
passiefste	passief:a
formatteer	formatteren:v
formatteerde	formatteren:v
formatteert	formatteren:v
formatteerden	formatteren:v
formatterend	formatteren:v
geformatteerd	formatteren:v
fitissen	fitis:n
fitisje	fitis:n
broodjes	broodje:n
atavistische	atavistisch:a
wande	wannen:v
wannend	wannen:v
gewand	wannen:v
vliegdekschepen	vliegdekschip:n
vliegdekscheepje	vliegdekschip:n
kaartspelen	kaartspel:n
kaartspelletje	kaartspel:n
documentaties	documentatie:n
tussenwerp	tussenwerpen:v
tussenwierp	tussenwerpen:v
tussenwerpt	tussenwerpen:v
tussenwierpen	tussenwerpen:v
tussenwerpend	tussenwerpen:v
tussengeworpen	tussenwerpen:v
tussenvoegsels	tussenvoegsel:n
tussenvoegseltje	tussenvoegsel:n
aardperen	aardpeer:n
aardpeertje	aardpeer:n
pipetteer	pipetteren:v
pipetteerde	pipetteren:v
pipetteert	pipetteren:v
pipetteerden	pipetteren:v
pipetterend	pipetteren:v
gepipetteerd	pipetteren:v
berden	berd:n
berdje	berd:n
gondels	gondel:n
gondeltje	gondel:n
aanvraag	aanvragen:v
aanvroeg	aanvragen:v
aanvraagt	aanvragen:v
aanvroegen	aanvragen:v
aanvragend	aanvragen:v
aangevraagd	aanvragen:v
aanvraagde	aanvragen:v
aanvraagden	aanvragen:v
angio-oedemen	angio-oedeem:n
angio-oedeempje	angio-oedeem:n
pompte	pompen:v
pompt	pompen:v
pompten	pompen:v
pompend	pompen:v
gepompt	pompen:v
sisklanken	sisklank:n
sisklankje	sisklank:n
inspuit	inspuiten:v
inspoot	inspuiten:v
inspoten	inspuiten:v
inspuitend	inspuiten:v
ingespoten	inspuiten:v
inspuitingen	inspuiting:n
inspuitinkje	inspuiting:n
converteer	converteren:v
converteerde	converteren:v
converteert	converteren:v
converteerden	converteren:v
converterend	converteren:v
geconverteerd	converteren:v
conversies	conversie:n
conversietje	conversie:n
conjuncturen	conjunctuur:n
conjunctuurtje	conjunctuur:n
zoette	zoeten:v
zoetten	zoeten:v
zoetend	zoeten:v
gezoet	zoeten:v
somatische	somatisch:a
convertere	converteren:v
injectere	injecteren:v
zetpillen	zetpil:n
zetpilletje	zetpil:n
conciërges	conciërge:n
conciërgetje	conciërge:n
woonerven	woonerf:n
woonerfje	woonerf:n
bureaustoelen	bureaustoel:n
bureaustoeltje	bureaustoel:n
plakbanden	plakband:n
plakbandje	plakband:n
komieker	komiek:a
komiekst	komiek:a
komieke	komiek:a
komiekere	komiek:a
komiekste	komiek:a
komieken	komiek:n
komiekje	komiek:n
knoerten	knoert:n
knoertje	knoert:n
linies	linie:n
konst	kunst:n
ondeugden	ondeugd:n
spiets	spietsen:v
spietste	spietsen:v
spietst	spietsen:v
spietsten	spietsen:v
spietsend	spietsen:v
gespietst	spietsen:v
begroetingen	begroeting:n
begroetinkje	begroeting:n
neonatussen	neonatus:n
neonati	neonatus:n
neonatusje	neonatus:n
jutters	jutter:n
badpakken	badpak:n
badpakje	badpak:n
kloeten	kloet:n
kloetje	kloet:n
zift	ziften:v
ziftte	ziften:v
ziftten	ziften:v
ziftend	ziften:v
gezift	ziften:v
dis	dissen:v
diste	dissen:v
dist	dissen:v
disten	dissen:v
dissend	dissen:v
gedist	dissen:v
raddraaiers	raddraaier:n
raddraaiertje	raddraaier:n
ontevredener	ontevreden:a
ontevredenst	ontevreden:a
ontevredenste	ontevreden:a
loepen	loep:n
loepje	loep:n
huiveringen	huivering:n
huiveringetje	huivering:n
meetroon	meetronen:v
meetroonde	meetronen:v
meetroont	meetronen:v
meetroonden	meetronen:v
meetronend	meetronen:v
meegetroond	meetronen:v
organoleptischer	organoleptisch:a
organoleptischt	organoleptisch:a
organoleptische	organoleptisch:a
organoleptischere	organoleptisch:a
organoleptischte	organoleptisch:a
komieks	komiek:a
nauwkeurigs	nauwkeurig:a
torenvalken	torenvalk:n
torenvalkje	torenvalk:n
picknicks	picknick:n
picknickje	picknick:n
galvaniseer	galvaniseren:v
galvaniseerde	galvaniseren:v
galvaniseert	galvaniseren:v
galvaniseerden	galvaniseren:v
galvaniserend	galvaniseren:v
gegalvaniseerd	galvaniseren:v
gruisje	gruis:n
nanachten	nanacht:n
classici	classicus:n
Andorrezen	Andorrees:n
Andorreesje	Andorrees:n
Andorrezer	Andorrees:a
Andorreest	Andorrees:a
Andorreze	Andorrees:a
Andorrezere	Andorrees:a
Andorreeste	Andorrees:a
contacteer	contacteren:v
contacteerde	contacteren:v
contacteert	contacteren:v
contacteerden	contacteren:v
contacterend	contacteren:v
gecontacteerd	contacteren:v
waterski's	waterski:n
alanten	alant:n
gordijntje	gordijn:n
strandlopers	strandloper:n
strandlopertje	strandloper:n
epileptici	epilepticus:n
asymptoten	asymptoot:n
asymptootje	asymptoot:n
dodecaëders	dodecaëder:n
mantel	mantelen:v
mantelde	mantelen:v
mantelt	mantelen:v
mantelden	mantelen:v
mantelend	mantelen:v
gemanteld	mantelen:v
pijnappelklieren	pijnappelklier:n
pijnappelkliertje	pijnappelklier:n
hummels	hummel:n
hummeltje	hummel:n
kwaaien	kwaaie:n
berberissen	berberis:n
berberisje	berberis:n
sup	suppen:v
supte	suppen:v
supt	suppen:v
supten	suppen:v
suppend	suppen:v
gesupt	suppen:v
pokdaliger	pokdalig:a
pokdaligst	pokdalig:a
pokdalige	pokdalig:a
pokdaligere	pokdalig:a
pokdaligste	pokdalig:a
stronken	stronk:n
drangen	drang:n
drangetje	drang:n
vermenigvuldigingen	vermenigvuldiging:n
vermenigvuldigingetje	vermenigvuldiging:n
kastanjes	kastanje:n
kastanjetje	kastanje:n
omval	omvallen:v
omviel	omvallen:v
omvalt	omvallen:v
omvielen	omvallen:v
omvallend	omvallen:v
omgevallen	omvallen:v
agressiever	agressief:a
agressiefst	agressief:a
agressieve	agressief:a
agressievere	agressief:a
agressiefste	agressief:a
vijandelijkheden	vijandelijkheid:n
vijandelijkheidje	vijandelijkheid:n
vil	villen:v
vilde	villen:v
vilt	villen:v
vilden	villen:v
villend	villen:v
gevild	villen:v
agressiefs	agressief:a
boezen	boes:n
boesje	boes:n
falsetten	falset:n
falsetje	falset:n
arentje	arent:n
gibussen	gibus:n
stapsgewijze	stapsgewijs:a
vadems	vadem:n
vadempje	vadem:n
stepsgewijze	stapsgewijs:a
hechters	hechter:n
hechtertje	hechter:n
hechts	hecht:a
heerlijks	heerlijk:a
vijandigheden	vijandigheid:n
functionarissen	functionaris:n
functionarisje	functionaris:n
plagiarissen	plagiaris:n
plagiatoren	plagiator:n
plagiatortje	plagiator:n
usurpatoren	usurpator:n
usurpators	usurpator:n
usurpatortje	usurpator:n
eerlijks	eerlijk:a
primeurs	primeur:n
primeurtje	primeur:n
prutsers	prutser:n
prutsertje	prutser:n
morianen	moriaan:n
moriaantje	moriaan:n
piepers	pieper:n
piepertje	pieper:n
profijten	profijt:n
profijtje	profijt:n
brevieren	brevier:n
breviertje	brevier:n
aanstorm	aanstormen:v
aanstormde	aanstormen:v
aanstormt	aanstormen:v
aanstormden	aanstormen:v
aanstormend	aanstormen:v
aangestormd	aanstormen:v
kompanen	kompaan:n
kompaantje	kompaan:n
deportaties	deportatie:n
deporteer	deporteren:v
deporteerde	deporteren:v
deporteert	deporteren:v
deporteerden	deporteren:v
deporterend	deporteren:v
gedeporteerd	deporteren:v
escorteer	escorteren:v
escorteerde	escorteren:v
escorteert	escorteren:v
escorteerden	escorteren:v
escorterend	escorteren:v
geëscorteerd	escorteren:v
kompels	kompel:n
kompeltje	kompel:n
depressiever	depressief:a
depressiefst	depressief:a
depressieve	depressief:a
depressievere	depressief:a
depressiefste	depressief:a
viltstiften	viltstift:n
viltstiftje	viltstift:n
merkstiften	merkstift:n
merkstiftje	merkstift:n
markeerstiften	markeerstift:n
markeerstiftje	markeerstift:n
viltje	vilt:n
deportere	deporteren:v
escortere	escorteren:v
depressiefs	depressief:a
relikwieën	relikwie:n
relikwietje	relikwie:n
relieken	reliek:n
reliekje	reliek:n
antisemitischer	antisemitisch:a
antisemitische	antisemitisch:a
antisemitischere	antisemitisch:a
antisemitischte	antisemitisch:a
kindertijden	kindertijd:n
kindertijdje	kindertijd:n
benedenwindse	benedenwinds:a
bovenwindse	bovenwinds:a
intensiteiten	intensiteit:n
bomma's	bomma:n
bommaatje	bomma:n
huiven	huif:n
huifje	huif:n
alge	alg:n
Moniek	Monique:m
risk	risken:v
riskte	risken:v
riskt	risken:v
riskten	risken:v
riskend	risken:v
geriskt	risken:v
delinquanten	delinquant:n
consulenten	consulent:n
struisen	struis:n
struisje	struis:n
reducenten	reducent:n
reducentje	reducent:n
dorpser	dorps:a
dorpst	dorps:a
dorpse	dorps:a
dorpsere	dorps:a
dorpste	dorps:a
systema	systeem:n
sprint	sprinten:v
sprintte	sprinten:v
sprintten	sprinten:v
sprintend	sprinten:v
gesprint	sprinten:v
relingen	reling:n
stadsmuren	stadsmuur:n
knor	knorren:v
knorde	knorren:v
knort	knorren:v
knorden	knorren:v
knorrend	knorren:v
geknord	knorren:v
resistente	resistent:a
drop	droppen:v
dropte	droppen:v
dropt	droppen:v
dropten	droppen:v
droppend	droppen:v
gedropt	droppen:v
hamams	hamam:n
gereedschapskisten	gereedschapskist:n
gereedschapskistje	gereedschapskist:n
taurossen	tauros:n
taurosje	tauros:n
geruststel	geruststellen:v
geruststelde	geruststellen:v
geruststelt	geruststellen:v
geruststelden	geruststellen:v
geruststellend	geruststellen:v
gerustgesteld	geruststellen:v
scherts	schertsen:v
schertste	schertsen:v
schertst	schertsen:v
schertsten	schertsen:v
schertsend	schertsen:v
geschertst	schertsen:v
schertsen	scherts:n
vergiftigingen	vergiftiging:n
vergiftiginkje	vergiftiging:n
piassen	pias:n
piasje	pias:n
trapassen	trapas:n
curiosumpje	curiosum:n
bekant	bijkans:d
aanrij	aanrijden:v
aanrijd	aanrijden:v
aanreed	aanrijden:v
aanrijdt	aanrijden:v
aanreden	aanrijden:v
aanrijdend	aanrijden:v
aangereden	aanrijden:v
aanrijdingen	aanrijding:n
aanrijdinkje	aanrijding:n
africht	africhten:v
africhtte	africhten:v
africhtten	africhten:v
africhtend	africhten:v
afgericht	africhten:v
machinale	machinaal:a
bloedvergiftigingen	bloedvergiftiging:n
apotheosen	apotheose:n
prognoses	prognose:n
bromfietsen	bromfiets:n
bromfietsje	bromfiets:n
snorfietsen	snorfiets:n
snorfietsje	snorfiets:n
handschoenenkasten	handschoenenkast:n
handschoenenkastje	handschoenenkast:n
krochten	krocht:n
krochtje	krocht:n
iezegrims	iezegrim:n
iezegrimmetje	iezegrim:n
vaginale	vaginaal:a
rollebol	rollebollen:v
rollebolde	rollebollen:v
rollebolt	rollebollen:v
rollebolden	rollebollen:v
rollebollend	rollebollen:v
gerollebold	rollebollen:v
winkeldiefstallen	winkeldiefstal:n
winkeldiefstalletje	winkeldiefstal:n
ramkraken	ramkraak:n
ramkraakje	ramkraak:n
bundelde	bundelen:v
bundelt	bundelen:v
bundelden	bundelen:v
bundelend	bundelen:v
gebundeld	bundelen:v
rollebolle	rollebollen:v
bundele	bundelen:v
historica's	historica:n
intoxicaties	intoxicatie:n
intoxicatietje	intoxicatie:n
joekels	joekel:n
joekeltje	joekel:n
partijdiger	partijdig:a
partijdigst	partijdig:a
partijdige	partijdig:a
partijdigere	partijdig:a
partijdigste	partijdig:a
betoogde	betogen:v
betoogt	betogen:v
betoogden	betogen:v
betogend	betogen:v
betoogd	betogen:v
portemonnees	portemonnee:n
portemonneetje	portemonnee:n
leefbaars	leefbaar:a
betoge	betogen:v
rijscholen	rijschool:n
rijschooltje	rijschool:n
motorcoureurs	motorcoureur:n
motorcoureurtje	motorcoureur:n
overrij	overrijden:v
overrijd	overrijden:v
overreed	overrijden:v|overreden:v
overrijdt	overrijden:v
overreden	overrijden:v
overrijdend	overrijden:v
overgereden	overrijden:v
stenigingen	steniging:n
wenselijker	wenselijk:a
wenselijkst	wenselijk:a
wenselijke	wenselijk:a
wenselijkere	wenselijk:a
wenselijkste	wenselijk:a
wenselijkheden	wenselijkheid:n
overreedde	overreden:v
overreedt	overreden:v|overrijden:v
overreedden	overreden:v
overredend	overreden:v
overrede	overreden:v|overrijden:v
overrijde	overrijden:v
Iraansen	Iraanse:n
Iraanst	Iraans:a
omroepers	omroeper:n
omroepertje	omroeper:n
nieuwslezers	nieuwslezer:n
nieuwslezertje	nieuwslezer:n
ecliptica's	ecliptica:n
eclipticaatje	ecliptica:n
verslaafde	verslaafd:a|verslaven:v
verslaafd	verslaven:v
grillrooms	grillroom:n
determinatoren	determinator:n
determinators	determinator:n
empiricusje	empiricus:n
ledematen	ledemaat:n
ledemaatje	ledemaat:n
stompte	stompen:v
stompt	stompen:v
stompten	stompen:v
stompend	stompen:v
gestompt	stompen:v
veradem	verademen:v
verademde	verademen:v
verademt	verademen:v
verademden	verademen:v
verademend	verademen:v
verademd	verademen:v
aanschouwelijker	aanschouwelijk:a
aanschouwelijkst	aanschouwelijk:a
aanschouwelijke	aanschouwelijk:a
aanschouwelijkere	aanschouwelijk:a
aanschouwelijkste	aanschouwelijk:a
minacht	minachten:v
minachtte	minachten:v
minachtten	minachten:v
minachtend	minachten:v
geminacht	minachten:v
neerzie	neerzien:v
neerzag	neerzien:v
neerziet	neerzien:v
neerzagen	neerzien:v
neerziend	neerzien:v
neergezien	neerzien:v
doceer	doceren:v
doceerde	doceren:v
doceert	doceren:v
doceerden	doceren:v
docerend	doceren:v
gedoceerd	doceren:v
verengelsingen	verengelsing:n
verengels	verengelsen:v
verengelste	verengelsen:v
verengelst	verengelsen:v
verengelsten	verengelsen:v
verengelsend	verengelsen:v
inspring	inspringen:v
insprong	inspringen:v
inspringt	inspringen:v
insprongen	inspringen:v
inspringend	inspringen:v
ingesprongen	inspringen:v
harmoniseer	harmoniseren:v
harmoniseerde	harmoniseren:v
harmoniseert	harmoniseren:v
harmoniseerden	harmoniseren:v
harmoniserend	harmoniseren:v
geharmoniseerd	harmoniseren:v
begunstig	begunstigen:v
begunstigt	begunstigen:v
begunstigend	begunstigen:v
begunstigd	begunstigen:v
protegeer	protegeren:v
protegeerde	protegeren:v
protegeert	protegeren:v
protegeerden	protegeren:v
protegerend	protegeren:v
geprotegeerd	protegeren:v
mondialiseer	mondialiseren:v
mondialiseerde	mondialiseren:v
mondialiseert	mondialiseren:v
mondialiseerden	mondialiseren:v
mondialiserend	mondialiseren:v
gemondialiseerd	mondialiseren:v
hoornvliezen	hoornvlies:n
hoornvliesje	hoornvlies:n
sancties	sanctie:n
sanctietje	sanctie:n
keppels	keppel:n
keppeltje	keppel:n
spelcomputers	spelcomputer:n
spelcomputertje	spelcomputer:n
anemonen	anemoon:n
koekoeksklokken	koekoeksklok:n
koekoeksklokje	koekoeksklok:n
ransig	ranzig:a
rommeliger	rommelig:a
rommeligst	rommelig:a
rommelige	rommelig:a
rommeligere	rommelig:a
rommeligste	rommelig:a
gortiger	gortig:a
gortigst	gortig:a
gortige	gortig:a
gortigere	gortig:a
gortigste	gortig:a
uitlezingen	uitlezing:n
vrijmaak	vrijmaken:v
vrijmaakte	vrijmaken:v
vrijmaakt	vrijmaken:v
vrijmaakten	vrijmaken:v
vrijmakend	vrijmaken:v
vrijgemaakt	vrijmaken:v
voorbijkom	voorbijkomen:v
voorbijkwam	voorbijkomen:v
voorbijkomt	voorbijkomen:v
voorbijkwamen	voorbijkomen:v
voorbijkomend	voorbijkomen:v
voorbijgekomen	voorbijkomen:v
binnenste	binnenst:a
reconstrueer	reconstrueren:v
reconstrueerde	reconstrueren:v
reconstrueert	reconstrueren:v
reconstrueerden	reconstrueren:v
reconstruerend	reconstrueren:v
gereconstrueerd	reconstrueren:v
instabieler	instabiel:a
instabielst	instabiel:a
instabiele	instabiel:a
instabielere	instabiel:a
instabielste	instabiel:a
ruimte-tijd	ruimtetijd:n
handvatten	handvat:n
handvaten	handvat:n
handvatje	handvat:n
handvaatje	handvat:n
rimpelingen	rimpeling:n
rimpelingetje	rimpeling:n
rimpelinkje	rimpeling:n
zwaartekrachtsgolven	zwaartekrachtsgolf:n
gravitationele	gravitationeel:a
deeltjesversnellers	deeltjesversneller:n
versnellers	versneller:n
versnellertje	versneller:n
exciteer	exciteren:v
exciteerde	exciteren:v
exciteert	exciteren:v
exciteerden	exciteren:v
exciterend	exciteren:v
geëxciteerd	exciteren:v
promovendussen	promovendus:n
promovendi	promovendus:n
promovendusje	promovendus:n
promovenda's	promovenda:n
promovendae	promovenda:n
promovendaatje	promovenda:n
ongestoorder	ongestoord:a
ongestoordst	ongestoord:a
ongestoorde	ongestoord:a
ongestoordere	ongestoord:a
ongestoordste	ongestoord:a
faculteiten	faculteit:n
faculteitje	faculteit:n
natuurwetenschappen	natuurwetenschap:n
snaartheorieën	snaartheorie:n
snaartheorietje	snaartheorie:n
tweelingbroers	tweelingbroer:n
tweelingbroertje	tweelingbroer:n
tweelingbroeders	tweelingbroeder:n
tweelingbroedertje	tweelingbroeder:n
theoretici	theoreticus:n
theoreticussen	theoreticus:n
theoreticusje	theoreticus:n
snaartheoretici	snaartheoreticus:n
snaartheoreticussen	snaartheoreticus:n
snaartheoreticusje	snaartheoreticus:n
eeneiige	eeneiig:a
gerenommeerder	gerenommeerd:a
gerenommeerdst	gerenommeerd:a
gerenommeerde	gerenommeerd:a
gerenommeerdere	gerenommeerd:a
gerenommeerdste	gerenommeerd:a
mede-uitvinders	mede-uitvinder:n
mede-uitvindertje	mede-uitvinder:n
prologen	proloog:n
proloogje	proloog:n
metafysische	metafysisch:a
rigoreus	rigoureus:a
verademe	verademen:v
minachte	minachten:v
verengelse	verengelsen:v
harmonisere	harmoniseren:v
begunstige	begunstigen:v
protegere	protegeren:v
mondialisere	mondialiseren:v
reconstruere	reconstrueren:v
excitere	exciteren:v
wenselijks	wenselijk:a
dements	dement:a
aanschouwelijks	aanschouwelijk:a
ranzigs	ranzig:a
rommeligs	rommelig:a
garstigs	garstig:a
achterhaalds	achterhaald:a
verouderds	verouderd:a
geladens	geladen:a
uitgebreids	uitgebreid:a
subatomairs	subatomair:a
evenredigs	evenredig:a
gortigs	gortig:a
instabiels	instabiel:a
voorlopigs	voorlopig:a
dieps	diep:a
ongestoords	ongestoord:a
gerenommeerds	gerenommeerd:a
geschikts	geschikt:a
brutaals	brutaal:a
gortepapje	gortepap:n
borstkassen	borstkas:n
borstkasje	borstkas:n
factureer	factureren:v
factureerde	factureren:v
factureert	factureren:v
factureerden	factureren:v
facturerend	factureren:v
gefactureerd	factureren:v
rolschaatsen	rolschaats:n
rolschaatsje	rolschaats:n
rolschaats	rolschaatsen:v
rolschaatste	rolschaatsen:v
rolschaatst	rolschaatsen:v
rolschaatsten	rolschaatsen:v
rolschaatsend	rolschaatsen:v
gerolschaatst	rolschaatsen:v
koerde	koeren:v
koert	koeren:v
koerden	koeren:v
koerend	koeren:v
gekoerd	koeren:v
binnenplaatsen	binnenplaats:n
binnenplaatsje	binnenplaats:n
facturere	factureren:v
rolschaatse	rolschaatsen:v
koere	koeren:v
grofs	grof:a
bruuts	bruut:a
larf	larve:n
malloten	malloot:n
mallootje	malloot:n
malloter	malloot:a
mallootst	malloot:a
mallote	malloot:a
mallotere	malloot:a
mallootste	malloot:a
schijtert	schijterd:n
lafaards	lafaard:n
lafaardje	lafaard:n
bangeriken	bangerik:n
bangerikje	bangerik:n
schijtertje	schijter:n
lafs	laf:a
kranks	krank:a
krankzinnigs	krankzinnig:a
gezwellen	gezwel:n
gezwelletje	gezwel:n
biologes	biologe:n
communies	communie:n
'ns	eens:d
ismes	isme:n
melaatse	melaats:a
melaatsen	melaatse:n
bekommer	bekommeren:v
bekommerde	bekommeren:v
bekommert	bekommeren:v
bekommerden	bekommeren:v
bekommerend	bekommeren:v
bekommerd	bekommeren:v
dierendagen	dierendag:n
dierendagje	dierendag:n
voorzitsters	voorzitster:n
voorzitstertje	voorzitster:n
spreekuren	spreekuur:n
spreekuurtje	spreekuur:n
overlijdensdata	overlijdensdatum:n
geboortedata	geboortedatum:n
geboortedatums	geboortedatum:n
geboortedatumpje	geboortedatum:n
wegritten	wegrit:n
wegritje	wegrit:n
tijdritten	tijdrit:n
tijdritje	tijdrit:n
wereldtitels	wereldtitel:n
wereldtiteltje	wereldtitel:n
noodtoestanden	noodtoestand:n
noodtoestandje	noodtoestand:n
opstandiger	opstandig:a
opstandigst	opstandig:a
opstandige	opstandig:a
opstandigere	opstandig:a
opstandigste	opstandig:a
kraakverboden	kraakverbod:n
kraakverbodje	kraakverbod:n
trammelantje	trammelant:n
Letsen	Letse:n
autocoureurs	autocoureur:n
autocoureurtje	autocoureur:n
schaatsers	schaatser:n
schaatsertje	schaatser:n
vrachtvliegtuigen	vrachtvliegtuig:n
vrachtvliegtuigje	vrachtvliegtuig:n
flatgebouwen	flatgebouw:n
flatgebouwtje	flatgebouw:n
gevleugelder	gevleugeld:a
gevleugeldst	gevleugeld:a
gevleugelde	gevleugeld:a
gevleugeldere	gevleugeld:a
gevleugeldste	gevleugeld:a
schermsters	schermster:n
schermstertje	schermster:n
schermers	schermer:n
schermertje	schermer:n
kampioenes	kampioene:n
kampioenetje	kampioene:n
bekertoernooien	bekertoernooi:n
bekertoernooitje	bekertoernooi:n
tamboer-maîtres	tamboer-maître:n
tamboer-maîtretje	tamboer-maître:n
bekommere	bekommeren:v
Servischen	Servische:n
bijlagen	bijlage:n
bijlages	bijlage:n
bijlagetje	bijlage:n
eidetici	eideticus:n
uitlek	uitlekken:v
uitlekte	uitlekken:v
uitlekt	uitlekken:v
uitlekten	uitlekken:v
uitlekkend	uitlekken:v
uitgelekt	uitlekken:v
kersverse	kersvers:a
tendentieuzer	tendentieus:a
tendentieust	tendentieus:a
tendentieuze	tendentieus:a
tendentieuzere	tendentieus:a
tendentieuste	tendentieus:a
nodelozer	nodeloos:a
nodeloost	nodeloos:a
nodeloze	nodeloos:a
nodelozere	nodeloos:a
nodelooste	nodeloos:a
ongefundeerder	ongefundeerd:a
ongefundeerdst	ongefundeerd:a
ongefundeerde	ongefundeerd:a
ongefundeerdere	ongefundeerd:a
ongefundeerdste	ongefundeerd:a
respectvoller	respectvol:a
respectvolst	respectvol:a
respectvolle	respectvol:a
respectvollere	respectvol:a
respectvolste	respectvol:a
schijteriger	schijterig:a
schijterigst	schijterig:a
schijterige	schijterig:a
schijterigere	schijterig:a
schijterigste	schijterig:a
heug	heugen:v
heugde	heugen:v
heugt	heugen:v
heugden	heugen:v
heugend	heugen:v
heugenissen	heugenis:n
inwonersaantallen	inwonersaantal:n
pintelier	pintelieren:v
pintelierde	pintelieren:v
pinteliert	pintelieren:v
pintelierden	pintelieren:v
pintelierend	pintelieren:v
gepintelierd	pintelieren:v
pinteliere	pintelieren:v
respectvols	respectvol:a
schijterigs	schijterig:a
overbodigs	overbodig:a
onnodigs	onnodig:a
Gaelische	Gaelisch:a
Boliviaanser	Boliviaans:a
Boliviaanst	Boliviaans:a
Boliviaanse	Boliviaans:a
Boliviaansere	Boliviaans:a
Boliviaanste	Boliviaans:a
ondervragingen	ondervraging:n
ondervraginkje	ondervraging:n
operaties	operatie:n
operatietje	operatie:n
kameraden	kameraad:n
kameraads	kameraad:n
kameraadje	kameraad:n
geboortebewijzen	geboortebewijs:n
geboortebewijsje	geboortebewijs:n
geboorteakten	geboorteakte:n
geboorteaktes	geboorteakte:n
geboorteaktetje	geboorteakte:n
eetstoornissen	eetstoornis:n
eetstoornisje	eetstoornis:n
stoornissen	stoornis:n
stoornisje	stoornis:n
levensjaren	levensjaar:n
levensjaartje	levensjaar:n
sportverenigingen	sportvereniging:n
sportverenigingetje	sportvereniging:n
motorreizen	motorreis:n
motorreisje	motorreis:n
rondreizen	rondreis:n
rondreisje	rondreis:n
leprozen	leproos:n
leproosje	leproos:n
leproze	leproos:a
mislukkingen	mislukking:n
mislukkingetje	mislukking:n
mislukkinkje	mislukking:n
hinderlagen	hinderlaag:n
hinderlaagje	hinderlaag:n
hergroepeer	hergroeperen:v
hergroepeerde	hergroeperen:v
hergroepeert	hergroeperen:v
hergroepeerden	hergroeperen:v
hergroeperend	hergroeperen:v
gehergroepeerd	hergroeperen:v
Boliviaansen	Boliviaanse:n
overbodigheden	overbodigheid:n
overbodigheidje	overbodigheid:n
vergeefsheden	vergeefsheid:n
nutteloosheden	nutteloosheid:n
nutteloosheidje	nutteloosheid:n
vruchtelozer	vruchteloos:a
vruchteloost	vruchteloos:a
vruchteloze	vruchteloos:a
vruchtelozere	vruchteloos:a
vruchtelooste	vruchteloos:a
vruchteloosheden	vruchteloosheid:n
onbruikbaarder	onbruikbaar:a
onbruikbaarst	onbruikbaar:a
onbruikbare	onbruikbaar:a
onbruikbaardere	onbruikbaar:a
onbruikbaarste	onbruikbaar:a
mal	mallen:v
malde	mallen:v
malt	mallen:v
malden	mallen:v
mallend	mallen:v
gemald	mallen:v
onbruikbaarheden	onbruikbaarheid:n
onbruikbaars	onbruikbaar:a
endemieën	endemie:n
zerper	zerp:a
zerpst	zerp:a
zerpe	zerp:a
zerpere	zerp:a
zerpste	zerp:a
filatelistische	filatelistisch:a
geldeenheden	geldeenheid:n
vuistvuurwapenen	vuistvuurwapen:n
vuistvuurwapens	vuistvuurwapen:n
vuistvuurwapentje	vuistvuurwapen:n
Oernoordse	Oernoords:a
wisdoeken	wisdoek:n
wisdoekje	wisdoek:n
haarscherper	haarscherp:a
haarscherpst	haarscherp:a
haarscherpe	haarscherp:a
haarscherpere	haarscherp:a
haarscherpste	haarscherp:a
afransel	afranselen:v
afranselde	afranselen:v
afranselt	afranselen:v
afranselden	afranselen:v
afranselend	afranselen:v
afgeranseld	afranselen:v
exerceer	exerceren:v
exerceerde	exerceren:v
exerceert	exerceren:v
exerceerden	exerceren:v
exercerend	exerceren:v
geëxerceerd	exerceren:v
peperdure	peperduur:a
stuurwielen	stuurwiel:n
stuurwieltje	stuurwiel:n
flarden	flard:n
flardje	flard:n
dwarrel	dwarrelen:v
dwarrelde	dwarrelen:v
dwarrelt	dwarrelen:v
dwarrelden	dwarrelen:v
dwarrelend	dwarrelen:v
gedwarreld	dwarrelen:v
zelfverzekerdheden	zelfverzekerdheid:n
zelfverzekerder	zelfverzekerd:a
zelfverzekerdst	zelfverzekerd:a
zelfverzekerde	zelfverzekerd:a
zelfverzekerdere	zelfverzekerd:a
zelfverzekerdste	zelfverzekerd:a
geëxcerceerd	exerceren:v
dwarrele	dwarrelen:v
hoorbaars	hoorbaar:a
haarscherps	haarscherp:a
duurs	duur:a
peperduurs	peperduur:a
zelfverzekerds	zelfverzekerd:a
oesten	oest:n
oest	oogst:n
ergerlijker	ergerlijk:a
ergerlijkst	ergerlijk:a
ergerlijke	ergerlijk:a
ergerlijkere	ergerlijk:a
ergerlijkste	ergerlijk:a
zonnedaken	zonnedak:n
zonnedakje	zonnedak:n
smoelen	smoel:n
smoeltje	smoel:n
jochie	joch:n
sereenst	sereen:a
serenere	sereen:a
sereenste	sereen:a
sereniteiten	sereniteit:n
ontketen	ontketenen:v
ontketende	ontketenen:v
ontketent	ontketenen:v
ontketenden	ontketenen:v
ontketenend	ontketenen:v
ontketend	ontketenen:v
ketende	ketenen:v
ketent	ketenen:v
ketenden	ketenen:v
ketenend	ketenen:v
geketend	ketenen:v
opschuddingen	opschudding:n
opschuddinkje	opschudding:n
opschuden	opschudden:v
opschud	opschudden:v
opschudde	opschudden:v
opschudt	opschudden:v
opschudend	opschudden:v
opgeschud	opschudden:v
concurreer	concurreren:v
concurreerde	concurreren:v
concurreert	concurreren:v
concurreerden	concurreren:v
concurrerend	concurreren:v
geconcurreerd	concurreren:v
uitprobeer	uitproberen:v
uitprobeerde	uitproberen:v
uitprobeert	uitproberen:v
uitprobeerden	uitproberen:v
uitproberend	uitproberen:v
uitgeprobeerd	uitproberen:v
truffels	truffel:n
truffeltje	truffel:n
naschokken	naschok:n
naschokje	naschok:n
insluip	insluipen:v
insloop	insluipen:v
insluipt	insluipen:v
inslopen	insluipen:v
insluipend	insluipen:v
ingeslopen	insluipen:v
renosters	renoster:n
ontketene	ontketenen:v
concurrere	concurreren:v
ergerlijks	ergerlijk:a
sereens	sereen:a
Mexicaanser	Mexicaans:a
Mexicaanst	Mexicaans:a
Mexicaanse	Mexicaans:a|Mexicaan:n
Mexicaansere	Mexicaans:a
Mexicaanste	Mexicaans:a
partiëler	partieel:a
partieelst	partieel:a
partiële	partieel:a
partiëlere	partieel:a
partieelste	partieel:a
Ethiopiërs	Ethiopiër:n
Ethiopiërtje	Ethiopiër:n
pokken	pok:n
hernoem	hernoemen:v
hernoemde	hernoemen:v
hernoemt	hernoemen:v
hernoemden	hernoemen:v
hernoemend	hernoemen:v
hernoemd	hernoemen:v
overwegen	overweg:n
overweggetje	overweg:n
spoorwegovergangen	spoorwegovergang:n
spoorwegovergangetje	spoorwegovergang:n
spoorwegen	spoorweg:n
spoorweggetje	spoorweg:n
partieels	partieel:a
bielzen	biels:n
bielsje	biels:n
hernoeme	hernoemen:v
gnoompje	gnoom:n
pick-ups	pick-up:n
pick-upje	pick-up:n
bellers	beller:n
bellertje	beller:n
moederlanden	moederland:n
moederlandje	moederland:n
veteraantje	veteraan:n
vervaldata	vervaldatum:n
vervaldatums	vervaldatum:n
aangevers	aangever:n
aangevertje	aangever:n
stijlfiguren	stijlfiguur:n
stijlfiguurtje	stijlfiguur:n
zinsbouwen	zinsbouw:n
miljoenensteden	miljoenenstad:n
miljoenenstadje	miljoenenstad:n
letterlijks	letterlijk:a
gebruikelijks	gebruikelijk:a
ongewoons	ongewoon:a
gewoons	gewoon:a
harses	hersenen:n
zegswijzen	zegswijze:n
zegswijzetje	zegswijze:n
buikjes	buikje:n
meticuleuzer	meticuleus:a
meticuleust	meticuleus:a
meticuleuze	meticuleus:a
meticuleuzere	meticuleus:a
meticuleuste	meticuleus:a
hanteringen	hantering:n
kraps	krap:a
toekomends	toekomend:a
bloeddorstiger	bloeddorstig:a
bloeddorstigst	bloeddorstig:a
bloeddorstige	bloeddorstig:a
bloeddorstigere	bloeddorstig:a
bloeddorstigste	bloeddorstig:a
grimmiger	grimmig:a
grimmigst	grimmig:a
grimmige	grimmig:a
grimmigere	grimmig:a
grimmigste	grimmig:a
bloeddorstigs	bloeddorstig:a
grimmigs	grimmig:a
moderniseer	moderniseren:v
moderniseerde	moderniseren:v
moderniseert	moderniseren:v
moderniseerden	moderniseren:v
moderniserend	moderniseren:v
gemoderniseerd	moderniseren:v
domesticaties	domesticatie:n
domesticeer	domesticeren:v
domesticeerde	domesticeren:v
domesticeert	domesticeren:v
domesticeerden	domesticeren:v
domesticerend	domesticeren:v
gedomesticeerd	domesticeren:v
modernisere	moderniseren:v
domesticere	domesticeren:v
ophoest	ophoesten:v
ophoestte	ophoesten:v
ophoestten	ophoesten:v
ophoestend	ophoesten:v
opgehoest	ophoesten:v
complottheorieën	complottheorie:n
complottheorietje	complottheorie:n
falsifieerbaarder	falsifieerbaar:a
falsifieerbaarst	falsifieerbaar:a
falsifieerbare	falsifieerbaar:a
falsifieerbaardere	falsifieerbaar:a
falsifieerbaarste	falsifieerbaar:a
cirkelredeneringen	cirkelredenering:n
wegzet	wegzetten:v
wegzette	wegzetten:v
wegzettend	wegzetten:v
weggezet	wegzetten:v
potjes	potje:n
Duffelse	Duffels:a
uitvoerders	uitvoerder:n
uitvoerdertje	uitvoerder:n
liedjesschrijvers	liedjesschrijver:n
liedjesschrijvertje	liedjesschrijver:n
bandleiders	bandleider:n
bandleidertje	bandleider:n
falsifieerbaars	falsifieerbaar:a
aannemelijks	aannemelijk:a
schuldigs	schuldig:a
klaarblijkelijks	klaarblijkelijk:a
zekers	zeker:a
kostelijks	kostelijk:a
besmette	besmetten:v
besmettend	besmetten:v
Haïtiaanse	Haïtiaans:a
Haïtianen	Haïtiaan:n
Haïtiaantje	Haïtiaan:n
uitdroog	uitdrogen:v
uitdroogde	uitdrogen:v
uitdroogt	uitdrogen:v
uitdroogden	uitdrogen:v
uitdrogend	uitdrogen:v
uitgedroogd	uitdrogen:v
dehydraties	dehydratie:n
weggeef	weggeven:v
weggaf	weggeven:v
weggeeft	weggeven:v
weggaven	weggeven:v
weggevend	weggeven:v
weggegeven	weggeven:v
aanlever	aanleveren:v
aanleverde	aanleveren:v
aanlevert	aanleveren:v
aanleverden	aanleveren:v
aanleverend	aanleveren:v
aangeleverd	aanleveren:v
illustraties	illustratie:n
illustratietje	illustratie:n
toepasselijker	toepasselijk:a
toepasselijkst	toepasselijk:a
toepasselijke	toepasselijk:a
toepasselijkere	toepasselijk:a
toepasselijkste	toepasselijk:a
accentueer	accentueren:v
accentueerde	accentueren:v
accentueert	accentueren:v
accentueerden	accentueren:v
accentuerend	accentueren:v
geaccentueerd	accentueren:v
verduidelijkingen	verduidelijking:n
verduidelijkinkje	verduidelijking:n
accentuere	accentueren:v
visueels	visueel:a
toepasselijks	toepasselijk:a
verluchtig	verluchtigen:v
verluchtigde	verluchtigen:v
verluchtigt	verluchtigen:v
verluchtigden	verluchtigen:v
verluchtigend	verluchtigen:v
verluchtigd	verluchtigen:v
illuminaties	illuminatie:n
getijdenboeken	getijdenboek:n
getijdenboekje	getijdenboek:n
entte	enten:v
entten	enten:v
geënt	enten:v
getijdengebeden	getijdengebed:n
getijdengebedje	getijdengebed:n
boekverluchtingen	boekverluchting:n
boekverluchtinkje	boekverluchting:n
initiële	initieel:a
rechtsprocedures	rechtsprocedure:n
torenspitsen	torenspits:n
torenspitsje	torenspits:n
vieringtorens	vieringtoren:n
vieringtorentje	vieringtoren:n
conischer	conisch:a
conischt	conisch:a
conische	conisch:a
conischere	conisch:a
conischte	conisch:a
piramidaler	piramidaal:a
piramidaalst	piramidaal:a
piramidalere	piramidaal:a
piramidaalste	piramidaal:a
bekroningen	bekroning:n
bekroninkje	bekroning:n
tandenpoets	tandenpoetsen:v
tandenpoetste	tandenpoetsen:v
tandenpoetst	tandenpoetsen:v
tandenpoetsten	tandenpoetsen:v
tandenpoetsend	tandenpoetsen:v
tandengepoetst	tandenpoetsen:v
hoektanden	hoektand:n
hoektandje	hoektand:n
speerpunten	speerpunt:n
speerpuntje	speerpunt:n
speren	speer:n
speertje	speer:n
scherpte	scherpen:v
scherpt	scherpen:v
scherpten	scherpen:v|scherpte:n
scherpend	scherpen:v
gescherpt	scherpen:v
aanscherp	aanscherpen:v
aanscherpte	aanscherpen:v
aanscherpt	aanscherpen:v
aanscherpten	aanscherpen:v
aanscherpend	aanscherpen:v
aangescherpt	aanscherpen:v
verluchtige	verluchtigen:v
scherptes	scherpte:n
wetenschappelijks	wetenschappelijk:a
initieels	initieel:a
piramidaals	piramidaal:a
puntigs	puntig:a
etymologischt	etymologisch:a
scherps	scherp:a
bruinkolen	bruinkool:n
bruinkooltje	bruinkool:n
naamgevers	naamgever:n
naamgevertje	naamgever:n
gedaanten	gedaante:n
gedaantes	gedaante:n
gedaantetje	gedaante:n
klaverjas	klaverjassen:v|klaverjassen:n
klaverjaste	klaverjassen:v
klaverjast	klaverjassen:v
klaverjasten	klaverjassen:v
klaverjassend	klaverjassen:v
geklaverjast	klaverjassen:v
kaartspeel	kaartspelen:v
kaartspeelde	kaartspelen:v
kaartspeelt	kaartspelen:v
kaartspeelden	kaartspelen:v
kaartspelend	kaartspelen:v
kaartgespeeld	kaartspelen:v
fanellen	flanellen:a
landverhuizers	landverhuizer:n
landverhuizertje	landverhuizer:n
beraadslaag	beraadslagen:v
beraadslaagde	beraadslagen:v
beraadslaagt	beraadslagen:v
beraadslaagden	beraadslagen:v
beraadslagend	beraadslagen:v
beraadslaagd	beraadslagen:v
voorzorgen	voorzorg:n
voorzorgje	voorzorg:n
bijrollen	bijrol:n
bijrolletje	bijrol:n
touwslagers	touwslager:n
touwslagertje	touwslager:n
regelgevingen	regelgeving:n
regelgevinkje	regelgeving:n
sinterklaasavonden	sinterklaasavond:n
sinterklaasavondje	sinterklaasavond:n
duvelstoejagers	duvelstoejager:n
duvelstoejagertje	duvelstoejager:n
knutsel	knutselen:v
knutselde	knutselen:v
knutselt	knutselen:v
knutselden	knutselen:v
knutselend	knutselen:v
geknutseld	knutselen:v
velzen	vels:n
velsje	vels:n
smul	smullen:v
smulde	smullen:v
smult	smullen:v
smulden	smullen:v
smullend	smullen:v
gesmuld	smullen:v
smikkel	smikkelen:v
smikkelde	smikkelen:v
smikkelt	smikkelen:v
smikkelden	smikkelen:v
smikkelend	smikkelen:v
gesmikkeld	smikkelen:v
klaverjasse	klaverjassen:v
beraadslage	beraadslagen:v
knutsele	knutselen:v
verwittige	verwittigen:v
smikkele	smikkelen:v
smikkels	smikkel:n
smikkeltje	smikkel:n
smikkelken	smikkel:n
smulle	smullen:v
duchtigs	duchtig:a
jeugdigheden	jeugdigheid:n
jeugdigs	jeugdig:a
Joegoslavische	Joegoslavisch:a
hartiger	hartig:a
hartigst	hartig:a
hartige	hartig:a
hartigere	hartig:a
hartigste	hartig:a
lafhartiger	lafhartig:a
lafhartigst	lafhartig:a
lafhartige	lafhartig:a
lafhartigere	lafhartig:a
lafhartigste	lafhartig:a
hartigheden	hartigheid:n
hartigheidje	hartigheid:n
lafheden	lafheid:n
lafheidje	lafheid:n
vreesachtiger	vreesachtig:a
vreesachtigst	vreesachtig:a
vreesachtige	vreesachtig:a
vreesachtigere	vreesachtig:a
vreesachtigste	vreesachtig:a
bangelijker	bangelijk:a
bangelijkst	bangelijk:a
bangelijke	bangelijk:a
bangelijkere	bangelijk:a
bangelijkste	bangelijk:a
levenskrachten	levenskracht:n
levenskrachtje	levenskracht:n
levenskrachtiger	levenskrachtig:a
levenskrachtigst	levenskrachtig:a
levenskrachtige	levenskrachtig:a
levenskrachtigere	levenskrachtig:a
levenskrachtigste	levenskrachtig:a
nevel	nevelen:v
nevelde	nevelen:v
nevelt	nevelen:v
nevelden	nevelen:v
nevelend	nevelen:v
geneveld	nevelen:v
neveliger	nevelig:a
neveligst	nevelig:a
nevelige	nevelig:a
neveligere	nevelig:a
neveligste	nevelig:a
emittenten	emittent:n
emittentje	emittent:n
lafhartigs	lafhartig:a
hartigs	hartig:a
bangelijks	bangelijk:a
vreesachtigs	vreesachtig:a
levenskrachtigs	levenskrachtig:a
neveligs	nevelig:a
echts	echt:a
examinatoren	examinator:n
examinators	examinator:n
sorteringen	sortering:n
berberapen	berberaap:n
berberaapje	berberaap:n
privatiseringen	privatisering:n
bloots	bloot:a
doseringen	dosering:n
begroot	begroten:v
begrootte	begroten:v
begrootten	begroten:v
begrotend	begroten:v
boosdoeners	boosdoener:n
boosdoenertje	boosdoener:n
begrote	begroten:v
onstuimigs	onstuimig:a
kwetsbaars	kwetsbaar:a
onkwetsbaarder	onkwetsbaar:a
onkwetsbaarst	onkwetsbaar:a
onkwetsbare	onkwetsbaar:a
onkwetsbaardere	onkwetsbaar:a
onkwetsbaarste	onkwetsbaar:a
onkwetsbaars	onkwetsbaar:a
responsen	respons:n
responsje	respons:n
penanten	penant:n
penantje	penant:n
interessants	interessant:a
representanten	representant:n
representantje	representant:n
resems	resem:n
resempje	resem:n
trienen	trien:n
trientje	trien:n
bandengen	bandeng:n
bandengetje	bandeng:n
meningsverschillen	meningsverschil:n
meningsverschilletje	meningsverschil:n
grind	grinden:v
grindde	grinden:v
grindt	grinden:v
grindden	grinden:v
grindend	grinden:v
gegrind	grinden:v
ionosferen	ionosfeer:n
nuffen	nuf:n
nufje	nuf:n
formaten	formaat:n
trol	trollen:v
trolde	trollen:v
trolt	trollen:v
trolden	trollen:v
trollend	trollen:v
getrold	trollen:v
troll	trollen:v
trollde	trollen:v
trollt	trollen:v
trollden	trollen:v
getrolld	trollen:v
idioters	idioot:a
coach	coachen:v
coachte	coachen:v
coacht	coachen:v
coachten	coachen:v
coachend	coachen:v
gecoacht	coachen:v
temperatuurde	temperaturen:v
temperatuurt	temperaturen:v
temperatuurden	temperaturen:v
temperaturend	temperaturen:v
getemperatuurd	temperaturen:v
cichliden	cichlide:n
epilogen	epiloog:n
alkanen	alkaan:n
fiolen	fiool:n
handgranaten	handgranaat:n
pit	pitten:v
pitte	pitten:v
pittend	pitten:v
gepit	pitten:v
sjalen	sjaal:n
landsdelen	landsdeel:n
plag	plaggen:v
plagde	plaggen:v
plagt	plaggen:v
plagden	plaggen:v
plaggend	plaggen:v
geplagd	plaggen:v
blanken	blanke:n
tennisrackets	tennisracket:n
tennisracketje	tennisracket:n
knuppelde	knuppelen:v
knuppelt	knuppelen:v
knuppelden	knuppelen:v
knuppelend	knuppelen:v
geknuppeld	knuppelen:v
kluppel	kluppelen:v
kluppelde	kluppelen:v
kluppelt	kluppelen:v
kluppelden	kluppelen:v
kluppelend	kluppelen:v
gekluppeld	kluppelen:v
heruitgaven	heruitgave:n
uitkeer	uitkeren:v
uitkeerde	uitkeren:v
uitkeert	uitkeren:v
uitkeerden	uitkeren:v
uitkerend	uitkeren:v
uitgekeerd	uitkeren:v
epuraties	epuratie:n
epuratietje	epuratie:n
laagdrempeliger	laagdrempelig:a
laagdrempeligst	laagdrempelig:a
laagdrempelige	laagdrempelig:a
laagdrempeligere	laagdrempelig:a
laagdrempeligste	laagdrempelig:a
knuppele	knuppelen:v
kluppele	kluppelen:v
laagdrempeligs	laagdrempelig:a
graten	graat:n
sneeuwklokjes	sneeuwklokje:n
stadsdelen	stadsdeel:n
stadsdeeltje	stadsdeel:n
canivoren	carnivoor:n
moties	motie:n
motietje	motie:n
roofridders	roofridder:n
roofriddertje	roofridder:n
oneniger	onenig:a
onenigst	onenig:a
onenige	onenig:a
onenigere	onenig:a
onenigste	onenig:a
tolereer	tolereren:v
tolereerde	tolereren:v
tolereert	tolereren:v
tolereerden	tolereren:v
tolererend	tolereren:v
getolereerd	tolereren:v
tolerabeler	tolerabel:a
tolerabelst	tolerabel:a
tolerabele	tolerabel:a
tolerabelere	tolerabel:a
tolerabelste	tolerabel:a
chemokuren	chemokuur:n
chemokuurtje	chemokuur:n
chemotherapieën	chemotherapie:n
radiotherapieën	radiotherapie:n
jubilarissen	jubilaris:n
tolerere	tolereren:v
ongelooflijks	ongelooflijk:a
onenigs	onenig:a
tolerants	tolerant:a
tolerabels	tolerabel:a
eenzijdiger	eenzijdig:a
eenzijdigst	eenzijdig:a
eenzijdige	eenzijdig:a
eenzijdigere	eenzijdig:a
eenzijdigste	eenzijdig:a
eenzijdigs	eenzijdig:a
onzijdigs	onzijdig:a
lutherser	luthers:a
lutherst	luthers:a
lutherse	luthers:a
luthersere	luthers:a
lutherste	luthers:a
solipsismen	solipsisme:n
beleen	belenen:v
beleende	belenen:v
beleent	belenen:v
beleenden	belenen:v
belenend	belenen:v
beleend	belenen:v
bannerheer	baanderheer:n
herbergiers	herbergier:n
herbergiertje	herbergier:n
pantsersmeden	pantsersmid:n
pantsersmidje	pantsersmid:n
wapensmeden	wapensmid:n
wapensmidjes	wapensmid:n
luidkeelser	luidkeels:a
luidkeelst	luidkeels:a
luidkeelse	luidkeels:a
luidkeelsere	luidkeels:a
luidkeelste	luidkeels:a
doornhaaien	doornhaai:n
doornhaaitje	doornhaai:n
Donauzalmen	Donauzalm:n
Donauzalmpje	Donauzalm:n
dysforieën	dysforie:n
transseksueler	transseksueel:a
transseksueelst	transseksueel:a
transseksuele	transseksueel:a
transseksuelere	transseksueel:a
transseksueelste	transseksueel:a
transseksuelen	transseksueel:n
transseksueeltje	transseksueel:n
transseksueels	transseksueel:a
juffertjes-in-het-groen	juffertje-in-het-groen:n
zee-engelen	zee-engel:n
zee-engeltje	zee-engel:n
hamerhaaien	hamerhaai:n
hamerhaaitje	hamerhaai:n
zebrahaaien	zebrahaai:n
zebrahaaitje	zebrahaai:n
luipaardhaaien	luipaardhaai:n
luipaardhaaitje	luipaardhaai:n
uit-en-ter-na	uit-en-te-na:d
kotste	kotsen:v
kotst	kotsen:v
kotsten	kotsen:v
kotsend	kotsen:v
gekotst	kotsen:v
stottere	stotteren:v
stottert	stotteren:v
stotter	stotteren:v
klone	klonen:v
klonten	klont:n
klontje	klont:n
hetzes	hetze:n
overvallers	overvaller:n
overvallertje	overvaller:n
fecundeer	fecunderen:v
fecundeerde	fecunderen:v
fecundeert	fecunderen:v
fecundeerden	fecunderen:v
fecunderend	fecunderen:v
gefecundeerd	fecunderen:v
fecunditeiten	fecunditeit:n
vergeel	vergelen:v
vergeelde	vergelen:v
vergeelt	vergelen:v
vergeelden	vergelen:v
vergelend	vergelen:v
vergeeld	vergelen:v
venijnbomen	venijnboom:n
venijnboompje	venijnboom:n
venijnen	venijn:n
installateurs	installateur:n
installateurtje	installateur:n
ingiet	ingieten:v
ingoot	ingieten:v
ingoten	ingieten:v
ingietend	ingieten:v
ingegoten	ingieten:v
zenuwslopender	zenuwslopend:a
zenuwslopendst	zenuwslopend:a
zenuwslopende	zenuwslopend:a
zenuwslopendere	zenuwslopend:a
zenuwslopendste	zenuwslopend:a
huilers	huiler:n
huilertje	huiler:n
biseksueler	biseksueel:a
biseksueelst	biseksueel:a
biseksuele	biseksueel:a
biseksuelere	biseksueel:a
biseksueelste	biseksueel:a
biseksuelen	biseksueel:n
biseksueeltje	biseksueel:n
sterrenstoffen	sterrenstof:n
sterrenstofje	sterrenstof:n
sjans	sjansen:v
sjanste	sjansen:v
sjanst	sjansen:v
sjansten	sjansen:v
sjansend	sjansen:v
gesjanst	sjansen:v
centjes	centen:n
eivormiger	eivormig:a
eivormigst	eivormig:a
eivormige	eivormig:a
eivormigere	eivormig:a
eivormigste	eivormig:a
doerians	doerian:n
doeriannetje	doerian:n
belene	belenen:v
fecundere	fecunderen:v
vergele	vergelen:v
luthersen	lutherse:n
grondigs	grondig:a
redelijks	redelijk:a
zenuwslopends	zenuwslopend:a
groenblijvends	groenblijvend:a
eivormigs	eivormig:a
crèmekleurige	crèmekleurig:a
zaadmantels	zaadmantel:n
zaadmanteltje	zaadmantel:n
omhulsels	omhulsel:n
omhulseltje	omhulsel:n
mierenbroodjes	mierenbroodje:n
plantensoorten	plantensoort:n
plantensoortje	plantensoort:n
zaadhuiden	zaadhuid:n
zaadhuidje	zaadhuid:n
huid	huiden:v
huidde	huiden:v
huidt	huiden:v
huidden	huiden:v
huidend	huiden:v
gehuid	huiden:v
oliehoudende	oliehoudend:a
koolhydraatrijker	koolhydraatrijk:a
koolhydraatrijkst	koolhydraatrijk:a
koolhydraatrijke	koolhydraatrijk:a
koolhydraatrijkere	koolhydraatrijk:a
koolhydraatrijkste	koolhydraatrijk:a
fruitachtiger	fruitachtig:a
fruitachtigst	fruitachtig:a
fruitachtige	fruitachtig:a
fruitachtigere	fruitachtig:a
fruitachtigste	fruitachtig:a
plantenrijken	plantenrijk:n
waterstofsulfiden	waterstofsulfide:n
waterstofsulfides	waterstofsulfide:n
structuurformules	structuurformule:n
structuurformuletje	structuurformule:n
topmannen	topman:n
topmannetje	topman:n
aartsbisdommen	aartsbisdom:n
aartsbisdommetje	aartsbisdom:n
argumenteer	argumenteren:v
argumenteerde	argumenteren:v
argumenteert	argumenteren:v
argumenteerden	argumenteren:v
argumenterend	argumenteren:v
geargumenteerd	argumenteren:v
trouwjurken	trouwjurk:n
trouwjurkje	trouwjurk:n
jawoorden	jawoord:n
jawoordje	jawoord:n
blasfemischer	blasfemisch:a
blasfemische	blasfemisch:a
blasfemischere	blasfemisch:a
blasfemeer	blasfemeren:v
blasfemeerde	blasfemeren:v
blasfemeert	blasfemeren:v
blasfemeerden	blasfemeren:v
blasfemerend	blasfemeren:v
geblasfemeerd	blasfemeren:v
Antifa's	Antifa:n
gelijkmakers	gelijkmaker:n
gelijkmakertje	gelijkmaker:n
melkslangen	melkslang:n
melkslangetje	melkslang:n
ringslangen	ringslang:n
ringslangetje	ringslang:n
koningscobra's	koningscobra:n
koningscobraatje	koningscobra:n
korenslangen	korenslang:n
korenslangetje	korenslang:n
trapslangen	trapslang:n
trapslangetje	trapslang:n
pofadders	pofadder:n
pofaddertje	pofadder:n
verzwaar	verzwaren:v
verzwaarde	verzwaren:v
verzwaart	verzwaren:v
verzwaarden	verzwaren:v
verzwarend	verzwaren:v
verzwaard	verzwaren:v
opdoem	opdoemen:v
opdoemde	opdoemen:v
opdoemt	opdoemen:v
opdoemden	opdoemen:v
opdoemend	opdoemen:v
opgedoemd	opdoemen:v
modderstromen	modderstroom:n
modderstroompje	modderstroom:n
onbegaanbaarder	onbegaanbaar:a
onbegaanbaarst	onbegaanbaar:a
onbegaanbare	onbegaanbaar:a
onbegaanbaardere	onbegaanbaar:a
onbegaanbaarste	onbegaanbaar:a
fret	fretten:v
frette	fretten:v
frettend	fretten:v
gefret	fretten:v
onderverdeel	onderverdelen:v
onderverdeelde	onderverdelen:v
onderverdeelt	onderverdelen:v
onderverdeelden	onderverdelen:v
onderverdelend	onderverdelen:v
ondergeverdeeld	onderverdelen:v
noodweren	noodweer:n
noodweertje	noodweer:n
aardverschuivingen	aardverschuiving:n
aardverschuivinkje	aardverschuiving:n
bressen	bres:n
bresje	bres:n
Somaliërs	Somaliër:n
Somaliërtje	Somaliër:n
praesessen	praeses:n
praesides	praeses:n
praesesje	praeses:n
prophetes	profetes:n
fotografies	fotografisch:a
curandi	curandus:n
kroegentochten	kroegentocht:n
kroegentochtje	kroegentocht:n
mediëvisten	mediëvist:n
mediëvistje	mediëvist:n
kleedjes	kleedje:n
snekken	snek:n
snekje	snek:n
Jans	Jansen:m
zegsvrouwen	zegsvrouw:n
zegsvrouwtje	zegsvrouw:n
speurde	speuren:v
speurt	speuren:v
speurden	speuren:v
speurend	speuren:v
gespeurd	speuren:v
naspoor	nasporen:v
naspoorde	nasporen:v
naspoort	nasporen:v
naspoorden	nasporen:v
nasporend	nasporen:v
nagespoord	nasporen:v
bermbommen	bermbom:n
bermbommetje	bermbom:n
ontstekers	ontsteker:n
ontstekertje	ontsteker:n
handgranaatje	handgranaat:n
laai	laaien:v
laaide	laaien:v
laait	laaien:v
laaiden	laaien:v
laaiend	laaien:v
gelaaid	laaien:v
bevooroordeelder	bevooroordeeld:a
bevooroordeeldst	bevooroordeeld:a
bevooroordeelde	bevooroordeeld:a|bevooroordelen:v
bevooroordeeldere	bevooroordeeld:a
bevooroordeeldste	bevooroordeeld:a
annuleringen	annulering:n
versnaperingen	versnapering:n
versnaperingetje	versnapering:n
ongelegener	ongelegen:a
ongelegenst	ongelegen:a
ongelegenste	ongelegen:a
argumentere	argumenteren:v
blasfemere	blasfemeren:v
verzware	verzwaren:v
onderverdeeld	onderverdelen:v
speure	speuren:v
laaien	laai:n
laaitje	laai:n
laaie	laaien:v
laaiender	laaiend:a
laaiendst	laaiend:a
laaiende	laaiend:a
laaiendere	laaiend:a
laaiendste	laaiend:a
slordigs	slordig:a
extreems	extreem:a
sjiek	chic:a
fopte	foppen:v
fopt	foppen:v
fopten	foppen:v
foppend	foppen:v
gefopt	foppen:v
vlek	vlekken:v
vlekte	vlekken:v
vlekt	vlekken:v
vlekten	vlekken:v
vlekkend	vlekken:v
gevlekt	vlekken:v
zonnevlekken	zonnevlek:n
zonnevlekje	zonnevlek:n
talgklierfollikels	talgklierfollikel:n
talgklierfollikeltje	talgklierfollikel:n
follikels	follikel:n
follikeltje	follikel:n
talgklieren	talgklier:n
talgkliertje	talgklier:n
etteriger	etterig:a
etterigst	etterig:a
etterige	etterig:a
etterigere	etterig:a
etterigste	etterig:a
ontsier	ontsieren:v
ontsierde	ontsieren:v
ontsiert	ontsieren:v
ontsierden	ontsieren:v
ontsierend	ontsieren:v
ontsierd	ontsieren:v
commilito's	commilito:n
commilitootje	commilito:n
uitschiet	uitschieten:v
uitschoot	uitschieten:v
uitschoten	uitschieten:v
uitschietend	uitschieten:v
uitgeschoten	uitschieten:v
uitschieters	uitschieter:n
uitschietertje	uitschieter:n
diaconessen	diacones:n
diaconesje	diacones:n
tichels	tichel:n
ticheltje	tichel:n
lavementen	lavement:n
lavementje	lavement:n
contrôleur	controleur:n
ontsiere	ontsieren:v
relax	relaxen:v
relaxt	relaxen:v|relaxed:a
relaxten	relaxen:v
relaxend	relaxen:v
gerelaxt	relaxen:v
prostituees	prostituee:n
prostitueetje	prostituee:n
ryden	rijden:v
blaauw	blauw:a
mitrailleurs	mitrailleur:n
mitrailleurtje	mitrailleur:n
carburateurs	carburateur:n
carburateurtje	carburateur:n
aankan	aankunnen:v
aankon	aankunnen:v
aankunt	aankunnen:v
aankonden	aankunnen:v
aankunnend	aankunnen:v
aangekund	aankunnen:v
schertsje	scherts:n
schertse	schertsen:v
schave	schaven:v
contrabandes	contrabande:n
contrabandje	contrabande:n
idiotica	idioticon:n
idioticons	idioticon:n
cassonades	cassonade:n
koelde	koelen:v
koelt	koelen:v
koelden	koelen:v
koelend	koelen:v
gekoeld	koelen:v
commanditaire	commanditair:a
beneem	benemen:v
benam	benemen:v
beneemt	benemen:v
benamen	benemen:v
benemend	benemen:v
benomen	benemen:v
drenk	drenken:v
drenkte	drenken:v
drenkt	drenken:v
drenkten	drenken:v
drenkend	drenken:v
gedrenkt	drenken:v
drenke	drenken:v
agrarische	agrarisch:a
afzak	afzakken:v
afzakte	afzakken:v
afzakt	afzakken:v
afzakten	afzakken:v
afzakkend	afzakken:v
afgezakt	afzakken:v
noordwaartser	noordwaarts:a
noordwaartst	noordwaarts:a
noordwaartse	noordwaarts:a
noordwaartsere	noordwaarts:a
noordwaartste	noordwaarts:a
zuidwaartser	zuidwaarts:a
zuidwaartst	zuidwaarts:a
zuidwaartse	zuidwaarts:a
zuidwaartsere	zuidwaarts:a
zuidwaartste	zuidwaarts:a
oostwaartser	oostwaarts:a
oostwaartst	oostwaarts:a
oostwaartse	oostwaarts:a
oostwaartsere	oostwaarts:a
oostwaartste	oostwaarts:a
afdam	afdammen:v
afdamde	afdammen:v
afdamt	afdammen:v
afdamden	afdammen:v
afdammend	afdammen:v
beduchter	beducht:a
beduchtst	beducht:a
beduchte	beducht:a
beduchtere	beducht:a
beduchtste	beducht:a
afbrand	afbranden:v
afbrandde	afbranden:v
afbrandt	afbranden:v
afbrandden	afbranden:v
afbrandend	afbranden:v
afgebrand	afbranden:v
beduchts	beducht:a
herenig	herenigen:v
herenigde	herenigen:v
herenigt	herenigen:v
herenigden	herenigen:v
herenigend	herenigen:v
herenigd	herenigen:v
vleiers	vleier:n
vleiertje	vleier:n
grootscheepser	grootscheeps:a
grootscheepst	grootscheeps:a
grootscheepse	grootscheeps:a
grootscheepsere	grootscheeps:a
grootscheepste	grootscheeps:a
herenige	herenigen:v
bevoorrade	bevoorraden:v
ruller	rul:a
rulst	rul:a
rulle	rul:a
rullere	rul:a
rulste	rul:a
rekesten	rekest:n
rekestje	rekest:n
bezoldig	bezoldigen:v
bezoldigde	bezoldigen:v
bezoldigt	bezoldigen:v
bezoldigden	bezoldigen:v
bezoldigend	bezoldigen:v
bezoldigd	bezoldigen:v
licenten	licent:n
kieviten	kievit:n
kievitje	kievit:n
antithetische	antithetisch:a
ritselaars	ritselaar:n
ritselaartje	ritselaar:n
batisten	batist:n
batistje	batist:n
bühnen	bühne:n
bühnes	bühne:n
rag	raggen:v
ragde	raggen:v
ragt	raggen:v
ragden	raggen:v
raggend	raggen:v
geragd	raggen:v
verpleeghuizen	verpleeghuis:n
verpleeghuisje	verpleeghuis:n
fêteer	fêteren:v
fêteerde	fêteren:v
fêteert	fêteren:v
fêteerden	fêteren:v
fêterend	fêteren:v
gefêteerd	fêteren:v
profeteer	profeteren:v
profeteerde	profeteren:v
profeteert	profeteren:v
profeteerden	profeteren:v
profeterend	profeteren:v
geprofeteerd	profeteren:v
smet	smetten:v
smette	smetten:v
smettend	smetten:v
gesmet	smetten:v
verziek	verzieken:v
verziekte	verzieken:v
verziekt	verzieken:v
verziekten	verzieken:v
verziekend	verzieken:v
satirieker	satiriek:a
satiriekst	satiriek:a
satirieke	satiriek:a
satiriekere	satiriek:a
satiriekste	satiriek:a
hatelijkheden	hatelijkheid:n
hatelijkheidje	hatelijkheid:n
fêtere	fêteren:v
profetere	profeteren:v
verzieke	verzieken:v
hatelijks	hatelijk:a
satirieks	satiriek:a
roemde	roemen:v
roemt	roemen:v
roemden	roemen:v
roemend	roemen:v
geroemd	roemen:v
onkreukbaarder	onkreukbaar:a
onkreukbaarst	onkreukbaar:a
onkreukbare	onkreukbaar:a
onkreukbaardere	onkreukbaar:a
onkreukbaarste	onkreukbaar:a
hurrie	hurriën:v
hurriede	hurriën:v
hurriet	hurriën:v
hurrieden	hurriën:v
hurriënd	hurriën:v
gehurried	hurriën:v
abluties	ablutie:n
ablutiën	ablutie:n
ablutietje	ablutie:n
roeme	roemen:v
hurrië	hurriën:v
onkreukbaars	onkreukbaar:a
beheersingen	beheersing:n
beheersinkje	beheersing:n
gebondenheden	gebondenheid:n
transfusies	transfusie:n
transfusietje	transfusie:n
sikkeneuriger	sikkeneurig:a
sikkeneurigst	sikkeneurig:a
sikkeneurige	sikkeneurig:a
sikkeneurigere	sikkeneurig:a
sikkeneurigste	sikkeneurig:a
opsom	opsommen:v
opsomde	opsommen:v
opsomt	opsommen:v
opsomden	opsommen:v
opsommend	opsommen:v
opgesomd	opsommen:v
schijnheiligheden	schijnheiligheid:n
schijnheiligheidje	schijnheiligheid:n
omwentel	omwentelen:v
omwentelde	omwentelen:v
omwentelt	omwentelen:v
omwentelden	omwentelen:v
omwentelend	omwentelen:v
omgewenteld	omwentelen:v
klams	klam:a
geniepigs	geniepig:a
sikkeneurigs	sikkeneurig:a
trouws	trouw:a
schijnheiligs	schijnheilig:a
omwentelingen	omwenteling:n
omwentelinkje	omwenteling:n
neuralgischer	neuralgisch:a
neuralgischt	neuralgisch:a
neuralgische	neuralgisch:a
neuralgischere	neuralgisch:a
neuralgischte	neuralgisch:a
binnenwegen	binnenweg:n
binnenweggetje	binnenweg:n
binnenwegje	binnenweg:n
bluf	bluffen:v
blufte	bluffen:v
bluft	bluffen:v
bluften	bluffen:v
bluffend	bluffen:v
gebluft	bluffen:v
boventonen	boventoon:n
boventoontje	boventoon:n
nasynchroniseer	nasynchroniseren:v
nasynchroniseerde	nasynchroniseren:v
nasynchroniseert	nasynchroniseren:v
nasynchroniseerden	nasynchroniseren:v
nasynchroniserend	nasynchroniseren:v
nagesynchroniseerd	nasynchroniseren:v
synchroniseer	synchroniseren:v
synchroniseerde	synchroniseren:v
synchroniseert	synchroniseren:v
synchroniseerden	synchroniseren:v
synchroniserend	synchroniseren:v
gesynchroniseerd	synchroniseren:v
verstrik	verstrikken:v
verstrikte	verstrikken:v
verstrikt	verstrikken:v
verstrikten	verstrikken:v
verstrikkend	verstrikken:v
inblaas	inblazen:v
inblies	inblazen:v
inblaast	inblazen:v
inbliezen	inblazen:v
inblazend	inblazen:v
ingeblazen	inblazen:v
lossla	losslaan:v
lossloeg	losslaan:v
losslaat	losslaan:v
lossloegen	losslaan:v
losslaand	losslaan:v
losgeslagen	losslaan:v
gezichtsvelden	gezichtsveld:n
gezichtsveldje	gezichtsveld:n
synchronisere	synchroniseren:v
verstrikke	verstrikken:v
behap	behappen:v
behapte	behappen:v
behapt	behappen:v
behapten	behappen:v
behappend	behappen:v
gekkies	gekkie:n
barkassen	barkas:n
barkasje	barkas:n
bridgede	bridgen:v
bridget	bridgen:v
bridgeden	bridgen:v
bridgend	bridgen:v
gebridged	bridgen:v
bridgete	bridgen:v
bridgeten	bridgen:v
gebridget	bridgen:v
foeders	foeder:n
foedertje	foeder:n
rubricatoren	rubricator:n
rubricators	rubricator:n
polygonen	polygoon:n
principalen	principaal:n
krukassen	krukas:n
krukasje	krukas:n
fabelachtiger	fabelachtig:a
fabelachtigst	fabelachtig:a
fabelachtige	fabelachtig:a
fabelachtigere	fabelachtig:a
fabelachtigste	fabelachtig:a
hagelsnoeren	hagelsnoer:n
hagelsnoertje	hagelsnoer:n
kiemvlekken	kiemvlek:n
kiemvlekje	kiemvlek:n
luchtkamers	luchtkamer:n
luchtkamertje	luchtkamer:n
broedsels	broedsel:n
broedseltje	broedsel:n
poriën	porie:n
porietje	porie:n
schokdempers	schokdemper:n
schokdempertje	schokdemper:n
voordring	voordringen:v
voordrong	voordringen:v
voordringt	voordringen:v
voordrongen	voordringen:v
voordringend	voordringen:v
voorgedrongen	voordringen:v
oorlellen	oorlel:n
oorlelletje	oorlel:n
alvers	alver:n
alvertje	alver:n
thematische	thematisch:a
fabelachtigs	fabelachtig:a
reisspiegels	reisspiegel:n
reisspiegeltje	reisspiegel:n
zeebeddingen	zeebedding:n
eendenmossels	eendenmossel:n
eendenmosseltje	eendenmossel:n
trip	trippen:v
tripte	trippen:v
tript	trippen:v
tripten	trippen:v
trippend	trippen:v
getript	trippen:v
ontgroei	ontgroeien:v
ontgroeide	ontgroeien:v
ontgroeit	ontgroeien:v
ontgroeiden	ontgroeien:v
ontgroeiend	ontgroeien:v
ontgroeid	ontgroeien:v
ontgroeie	ontgroeien:v
nakom	nakomen:v
nakwam	nakomen:v
nakomt	nakomen:v
nakwamen	nakomen:v
nakomend	nakomen:v
nagekomen	nakomen:v
rigoureuzer	rigoureus:a
rigoureust	rigoureus:a
rigoureuze	rigoureus:a
rigoureuzere	rigoureus:a
rigoureuste	rigoureus:a
impulsmomenten	impulsmoment:n
versheden	versheid:n
rimpellozer	rimpelloos:a
rimpelloost	rimpelloos:a
rimpelloze	rimpelloos:a
rimpellozere	rimpelloos:a
rimpellooste	rimpelloos:a
genialiteitje	genialiteit:n
geniaals	geniaal:a
kkr.	koninkrijk:n
abd.	abdij:n
abm.	aartsbisdom:n
abs.	aartsbisschop:n
bs.	bisschop:n
dyn.	dynastie:n
eil.	eiland:n
ghert.	groothertogdom:n
Gr.	Grieks:m
grs.	graafschap:n
grvm.	grootvorstendom:n
hert.	hertogdom:n
kg.	koning:n
kvdm.	keurvorstendom:n
kzr.	keizerrijk:n
Maced.	Macedonisch:m
mgrs.	markgraafschap:n
orth.	orthodox:a
prov.	provincie:n
Pun.	Punisch:m
rep.	republiek:n
verdr.	verdrag:n
vorst.d.	vorstendom:n
vrijgrs.	vrijgraafschap:n
pyromanen	pyromaan:n
pyromaantje	pyromaan:n
monologen	monoloog:n
homofonen	homofoon:n
alkoven	alkoof:n
lutheranen	lutheraan:n
wettelozer	wetteloos:a
wetteloost	wetteloos:a
wetteloze	wetteloos:a
wettelozere	wetteloos:a
wettelooste	wetteloos:a
wetteloosheden	wetteloosheid:n
ongekende	ongekend:a
afkijk	afkijken:v
afkeek	afkijken:v
afkijkt	afkijken:v
afkeken	afkijken:v
afkijkend	afkijken:v
afgekeken	afkijken:v
pijlers	pijler:n
pijlertje	pijler:n
buitenverblijven	buitenverblijf:n
buitenverblijfje	buitenverblijf:n
voorgevels	voorgevel:n
voorgeveltje	voorgevel:n
parkachtiger	parkachtig:a
parkachtigst	parkachtig:a
parkachtige	parkachtig:a
parkachtigere	parkachtig:a
parkachtigste	parkachtig:a
penvrienden	penvriend:n
penvriendje	penvriend:n
investeringsbanken	investeringsbank:n
investeringsbankje	investeringsbank:n
sortiment	assortiment:n
doelwitten	doelwit:n
doelwitje	doelwit:n
drijt	drijten:v
dreet	drijten:v
dreten	drijten:v
drijtend	drijten:v
gedreten	drijten:v
drijte	drijten:v
drete	drijten:v
weerlozer	weerloos:a
weerloost	weerloos:a
weerloze	weerloos:a
weerlozere	weerloos:a
weerlooste	weerloos:a
cricket	cricketen:v
crickette	cricketen:v
cricketten	cricketen:v
cricketend	cricketen:v
gecricket	cricketen:v
gymmen	gym:n
splitte	splitten:v
splittend	splitten:v
gesplit	splitten:v
stoeten	stoet:n
stoetje	stoet:n
vocativussen	vocativus:n
nominativi	nominativus:n
nominativussen	nominativus:n
genitivi	genitivus:n
genitivussen	genitivus:n
dativussen	dativus:n
locativi	locativus:n
locativussen	locativus:n
prostituanten	prostituant:n
kaard	kaarden:v
kaardde	kaarden:v
kaardt	kaarden:v
kaardden	kaarden:v
kaardend	kaarden:v
gekaard	kaarden:v
zeloten	zeloot:n
serienummers	serienummer:n
adresseringen	adressering:n
adresserinkje	adressering:n
tentamens	tentamen:n
tentamentje	tentamen:n
16-minners	16-minner:n
16-minnertje	16-minner:n
Servo-Kroatische	Servo-Kroatisch:a
geestgronden	geestgrond:n
geestgrondje	geestgrond:n
Achterhoekser	Achterhoeks:a
Achterhoekst	Achterhoeks:a
Achterhoekse	Achterhoeks:a
Achterhoeksere	Achterhoeks:a
Achterhoekste	Achterhoeks:a
veenlijken	veenlijk:n
veenlijkje	veenlijk:n
investeerders	investeerder:n
investeerdertje	investeerder:n
hačeks	haček:n
hačekje	haček:n
kaakte	kaken:v
kaakt	kaken:v
kaakten	kaken:v
kakend	kaken:v
gekaakt	kaken:v
sleepkabels	sleepkabel:n
sleepkabeltje	sleepkabel:n
knapperiger	knapperig:a
knapperigst	knapperig:a
knapperige	knapperig:a
knapperigere	knapperig:a
knapperigste	knapperig:a
staafmixers	staafmixer:n
staafmixertje	staafmixer:n
wachtgelden	wachtgeld:n
wachtgeldje	wachtgeld:n
classificeer	classificeren:v
classificeerde	classificeren:v
classificeert	classificeren:v
classificeerden	classificeren:v
classificerend	classificeren:v
geclassificeerd	classificeren:v
pool	poolen:v
poolde	poolen:v
poolt	poolen:v
poolden	poolen:v
poolend	poolen:v
gepoold	poolen:v
classificere	classificeren:v
slanks	slank:a
verkrijgbaars	verkrijgbaar:a
knapperigs	knapperig:a
leuks	leuk:a
detacheer	detacheren:v
detacheerde	detacheren:v
detacheert	detacheren:v
detacheerden	detacheren:v
detacherend	detacheren:v
gedetacheerd	detacheren:v
detacheringsbedrijven	detacheringsbedrijf:n
detacheringsbedrijfje	detacheringsbedrijf:n
sufferds	sufferd:n
sufferdje	sufferd:n
domoren	domoor:n
domoortje	domoor:n
ruimtestations	ruimtestation:n
ruimtestationnetje	ruimtestation:n
vernaai	vernaaien:v
vernaaide	vernaaien:v
vernaait	vernaaien:v
vernaaiden	vernaaien:v
vernaaiend	vernaaien:v
vernaaid	vernaaien:v
detachere	detacheren:v
vosse	vossen:v
vernaaie	vernaaien:v
barotrope	barotroop:a
landmassa's	landmassa:n
landmassaatje	landmassa:n
hydrofyten	hydrofyt:n
Charkov	Charkiv:m
viscositeiten	viscositeit:n
viscositeitje	viscositeit:n
oppervlaktestromen	oppervlaktestroom:n
oppervlaktestroompje	oppervlaktestroom:n
oppervlaktestroomdichtheden	oppervlaktestroomdichtheid:n
analoogs	analoog:a
zonderlinger	zonderling:a
zonderlingst	zonderling:a
zonderlinge	zonderling:a
zonderlingere	zonderling:a
zonderlingste	zonderling:a
zonderlingen	zonderling:n
zonderlingetje	zonderling:n
plomper	plomp:a
plompst	plomp:a
plompe	plomp:a
plompere	plomp:a
plompste	plomp:a
plompen	plomp:n
plompje	plomp:n
dwaasheden	dwaasheid:n
dwaasheidje	dwaasheid:n
susceptibiliteiten	susceptibiliteit:n
permeabiliteiten	permeabiliteit:n
permittiviteiten	permittiviteit:n
volumestromen	volumestroom:n
volumestroompje	volumestroom:n
volumestroomdichtheden	volumestroomdichtheid:n
lijnstroomdichtheden	lijnstroomdichtheid:n
lijnstromen	lijnstroom:n
lijnstroompje	lijnstroom:n
orthogonale	orthogonaal:a
orthonormale	orthonormaal:a
verticaler	verticaal:a
verticaalst	verticaal:a
verticale	verticaal:a
verticalere	verticaal:a
verticaalste	verticaal:a
Fouriertransformaties	Fouriertransformatie:n
Fouriertransformatietje	Fouriertransformatie:n
Fourier-transformatie	Fouriertransformatie:n
plomps	plomp:a
motorboten	motorboot:n
motorboot	motorboten:v
motorbootte	motorboten:v
motorbootten	motorboten:v
motorbotend	motorboten:v
gemotorboot	motorboten:v
motorbootje	motorboot:n
transformaties	transformatie:n
transformatietje	transformatie:n
omkeerbaarder	omkeerbaar:a
omkeerbaarst	omkeerbaar:a
omkeerbare	omkeerbaar:a
omkeerbaardere	omkeerbaar:a
omkeerbaarste	omkeerbaar:a
fantomen	fantoom:n
fantoompje	fantoom:n
randvoorwaarden	randvoorwaarde:n
randvoorwaardetje	randvoorwaarde:n
Higgsdeeltjes	Higgsdeeltje:n
Higgs-deeltje	Higgsdeeltje:n
Higgs-boson	Higgsboson:n
handigheden	handigheid:n
handigheidje	handigheid:n
tussenruimtes	tussenruimte:n
tussenruimtetje	tussenruimte:n
kardinaliteiten	kardinaliteit:n
continuïteiten	continuïteit:n
continuïteitsvergelijkingen	continuïteitsvergelijking:n
continuïteitsvergelijkinkje	continuïteitsvergelijking:n
volumeladingen	volumelading:n
volumeladinkje	volumelading:n
volumeladingsdichtheden	volumeladingsdichtheid:n
oppervlakteladingsdichtheden	oppervlakteladingsdichtheid:n
oppervlakteladingen	oppervlaktelading:n
oppervlakteladinkje	oppervlaktelading:n
lijnladingen	lijnlading:n
lijnladinkje	lijnlading:n
lijnladingsdichtheden	lijnladingsdichtheid:n
distels	distel:n
disteltje	distel:n
vingere	vingeren:v
omkeerbaars	omkeerbaar:a
onomkeerbaars	onomkeerbaar:a
grootteordes	grootteorde:n
grootteorden	grootteorde:n
a.j.b.	alsjeblieft:d
bouder	boud:a
boudst	boud:a
boudere	boud:a
boudste	boud:a
droefde	droeven:v
droeft	droeven:v
droefden	droeven:v
droevend	droeven:v
gedroefd	droeven:v
stroomlijnen	stroomlijn:n
stroomlijntje	stroomlijn:n
stroomlijn	stroomlijnen:v
stroomlijnde	stroomlijnen:v
stroomlijnt	stroomlijnen:v
stroomlijnden	stroomlijnen:v
stroomlijnend	stroomlijnen:v
gestroomlijnd	stroomlijnen:v
pegels	pegel:n
pegeltje	pegel:n
slede	slee:n
idealiseer	idealiseren:v
idealiseerde	idealiseren:v
idealiseert	idealiseren:v
idealiseerden	idealiseren:v
idealiserend	idealiseren:v
geïdealiseerd	idealiseren:v
idealisere	idealiseren:v
wijven	wijf:n
draaikolken	draaikolk:n
draaikolkje	draaikolk:n
kolkte	kolken:v
kolkt	kolken:v
kolkten	kolken:v
kolkend	kolken:v
gekolkt	kolken:v
decimalen	decimaal:n
rampspoeden	rampspoed:n
rampspoedje	rampspoed:n
toerbeurten	toerbeurt:n
toerbeurtje	toerbeurt:n
natuurrampen	natuurramp:n
natuurrampje	natuurramp:n
natuurgewelden	natuurgeweld:n
motorrijders	motorrijder:n
motorrijdertje	motorrijder:n
rijders	rijder:n
rijdertje	rijder:n
voedselketens	voedselketen:n
voedselketentje	voedselketen:n
zuurgraden	zuurgraad:n
zuurgraadje	zuurgraad:n
uitdun	uitdunnen:v
uitdunde	uitdunnen:v
uitdunt	uitdunnen:v
uitdunden	uitdunnen:v
uitdunnend	uitdunnen:v
uitgedund	uitdunnen:v
leefstijlen	leefstijl:n
leefstijltje	leefstijl:n
omspring	omspringen:v
omsprong	omspringen:v
omspringt	omspringen:v
omsprongen	omspringen:v
omspringend	omspringen:v
omgesprongen	omspringen:v
cilindrische	cilindrisch:a
portemonnaie	portemonnee:n
seminaria	seminarium:n
friettenten	friettent:n
friettentje	friettent:n
heldhaftiger	heldhaftig:a
heldhaftigst	heldhaftig:a
heldhaftige	heldhaftig:a
heldhaftigere	heldhaftig:a
heldhaftigste	heldhaftig:a
meteoren	meteoor:n
haper	haperen:v
haperde	haperen:v
hapert	haperen:v
haperden	haperen:v
haperend	haperen:v
gehaperd	haperen:v
vergisse	vergissen:v
heldhaftigs	heldhaftig:a
hapere	haperen:v
watere	wateren:v
substraten	substraat:n
rijtend	rijten:v
gereten	rijten:v
spil	spillen:v
spilde	spillen:v
spilt	spillen:v
spilden	spillen:v
spillend	spillen:v
gespild	spillen:v
tankstations	tankstation:n
tankstationnetje	tankstation:n
pompstations	pompstation:n
pompstationnetje	pompstation:n
glampings	glamping:n
opluchtingen	opluchting:n
opluchtingetje	opluchting:n
oplichtingen	oplichting:n
oplichtingetje	oplichting:n
effen	even:d|effenen:v
vp	vicepresident:n
hoofdwegen	hoofdweg:n
hoofdwegje	hoofdweg:n
hoofdweggetje	hoofdweg:n
hoofdstraten	hoofdstraat:n
hoofdstraatje	hoofdstraat:n
hoofddorpen	hoofddorp:n
hoofddorpje	hoofddorp:n
derf	derven:v
derfde	derven:v
derft	derven:v
derfden	derven:v
dervend	derven:v
gederfd	derven:v
gewestelijker	gewestelijk:a
gewestelijkst	gewestelijk:a
gewestelijke	gewestelijk:a
gewestelijkere	gewestelijk:a
gewestelijkste	gewestelijk:a
compliceer	compliceren:v
compliceerde	compliceren:v
compliceert	compliceren:v
compliceerden	compliceren:v
complicerend	compliceren:v
startbanen	startbaan:n
startbaantje	startbaan:n
mss	misschien:d
klaverbladen	klaverblad:n
klaverblaadje	klaverblad:n
serafs	seraf:n
serafim	seraf:n
gecompliceerds	gecompliceerd:a
complicere	compliceren:v
vaagde	vagen:v
vaagt	vagen:v
vaagden	vagen:v
vagend	vagen:v
gevaagd	vagen:v
krui	kruien:v
kruide	kruien:v
kruit	kruien:v
kruiend	kruien:v
krooi	kruien:v
krooien	kruien:v
gekrooien	kruien:v
Slaafje	Slaaf:n
zwelg	zwelgen:v
zwolg	zwelgen:v
zwelgt	zwelgen:v
zwolgen	zwelgen:v
zwelgend	zwelgen:v
gezwolgen	zwelgen:v
zwelgde	zwelgen:v
zwelgden	zwelgen:v
gezwelgd	zwelgen:v
Germanen	Germaan:n
Germaantje	Germaan:n
zitgrasmaaiers	zitgrasmaaier:n
zitgrasmaaiertje	zitgrasmaaier:n
grasmaaiers	grasmaaier:n
grasmaaiertje	grasmaaier:n
ontruimingen	ontruiming:n
ontruiminkje	ontruiming:n
kruie	kruien:v
kruitje	kruit:n
zwolgt	zwelgen:v
zwolge	zwelgen:v
zwelge	zwelgen:v
catechismussen	catechismus:n
vermaar	vermaren:v
vermaart	vermaren:v
vermaarden	vermaren:v
vermarend	vermaren:v
gaatjes	gaatje:n
quiz	quizzen:v
quizde	quizzen:v
quizt	quizzen:v
quizden	quizzen:v
quizzend	quizzen:v
gequizd	quizzen:v
gezout	zouten:v
Rhijn	Rijn:m
hersens	hersenen:n
bolken	bolk:n
lobt	lobben:v
mitella's	mitella:n
mitellaatje	mitella:n
vermaards	vermaard:a
vermare	vermaren:v
wiege	wiegen:v
vruchte	vruchten:v
douwen	duwen:v
voorden	voorde:n
voordje	voorde:n
correspondentes	correspondente:n
lonten	lont:n
lontje	lont:n
rechtszalen	rechtszaal:n
rechtszaaltje	rechtszaal:n
helingen	heling:n
overkoepel	overkoepelen:v
overkoepelde	overkoepelen:v
overkoepelt	overkoepelen:v
overkoepelden	overkoepelen:v
overkoepelend	overkoepelen:v
overkoepeld	overkoepelen:v
aanschuif	aanschuiven:v
aanschoof	aanschuiven:v
aanschuift	aanschuiven:v
aanschoven	aanschuiven:v
aanschuivend	aanschuiven:v
aangeschoven	aanschuiven:v
pesterijen	pesterij:n
pesterijtje	pesterij:n
noordelijks	noordelijk:a
overkoepele	overkoepelen:v
Dietser	Diets:a
Dietst	Diets:a
Dietse	Diets:a
Dietsere	Diets:a
Dietste	Diets:a
bolwerken	bolwerk:n
bolwerkje	bolwerk:n
bolwerk	bolwerken:v
bolwerkte	bolwerken:v
bolwerkt	bolwerken:v
bolwerkten	bolwerken:v
bolwerkend	bolwerken:v
gebolwerkt	bolwerken:v
onderministers	onderminister:n
onderministertje	onderminister:n
bestook	bestoken:v
bestookte	bestoken:v
bestookt	bestoken:v
bestookten	bestoken:v
bestokend	bestoken:v
clusterbommen	clusterbom:n
clusterbommetje	clusterbom:n
besluip	besluipen:v
besloop	besluipen:v
besluipt	besluipen:v
beslopen	besluipen:v
besluipend	besluipen:v
beschiet	beschieten:v
beschoot	beschieten:v
beschoten	beschieten:v
beschietend	beschieten:v
sluipschutters	sluipschutter:n
sluipschuttertje	sluipschutter:n
ondoorzichtigheden	ondoorzichtigheid:n
doorzichtigheden	doorzichtigheid:n
machinaals	machinaal:a
fabrieksmatigs	fabrieksmatig:a
bestoke	bestoken:v
beschiete	beschieten:v
beschote	beschieten:v
beslope	besluipen:v
besluipe	besluipen:v
besloopt	besluipen:v
loodsmannen	loodsman:n
loodsmannetje	loodsman:n
probandus	proband:n
orgastische	orgastisch:a
gepensioneerden	gepensioneerde:n
pensioneer	pensioneren:v
pensioneerde	pensioneren:v
pensioneert	pensioneren:v
pensioneerden	pensioneren:v
pensionerend	pensioneren:v
gepensioneerd	pensioneren:v
pensionere	pensioneren:v
microfoons	microfoon:n
microfoontje	microfoon:n
seponere	seponeren:v
vorderingen	vordering:n
vorderingetje	vordering:n
tegoeden	tegoed:n
tegoedje	tegoed:n
parlementariërs	parlementariër:n
parlementariërtje	parlementariër:n
zuilen	zuil:n
zuiltje	zuil:n
verzuil	verzuilen:v
verzuilde	verzuilen:v
verzuilt	verzuilen:v
verzuilden	verzuilen:v
verzuilend	verzuilen:v
verzuild	verzuilen:v
verzuilingen	verzuiling:n
pilaartje	pilaar:n
gewaarder	gewaar:a
gewaarst	gewaar:a
geware	gewaar:a
gewaardere	gewaar:a
gewaarste	gewaar:a
jonkies	jonkie:n
zeemansgravven	zeemansgraf:n
zeemansgrafje	zeemansgraf:n
beetwortels	beetwortel:n
beetwortelen	beetwortel:n
beetworteltje	beetwortel:n
algorithmi	algorithmus:n
piripiri	piri-piri:n
flinkser	flinks:a
flinks	flink:a
verslavingen	verslaving:n
verslavinkje	verslaving:n
addicties	addictie:n
addictietje	addictie:n
elke	elk:t
iedere	ieder:t
bespot	bespotten:v
slabbers	slabber:n
slabbertje	slabber:n
verreken	verrekenen:v
verrekende	verrekenen:v
verrekent	verrekenen:v
verrekenden	verrekenen:v
verrekenend	verrekenen:v
verrekend	verrekenen:v
koptelefoons	koptelefoon:n
koptelefoontje	koptelefoon:n
prioriteiten	prioriteit:n
prioriteitje	prioriteit:n
eenlingen	eenling:n
eenlingetje	eenling:n
hoofdtelefoons	hoofdtelefoon:n
hoofdtelefoontje	hoofdtelefoon:n
buitenwijken	buitenwijk:n
buitenwijkje	buitenwijk:n
infusen	infuus:n
infuzen	infuus:n
infuusje	infuus:n
kruidentheeën	kruidenthee:n
kruidentheetje	kruidenthee:n
nachtblindheden	nachtblindheid:n
apodictische	apodictisch:a
verrekene	verrekenen:v
bloemperken	bloemperk:n
bloemperkje	bloemperk:n
dutte	dutten:v
duttend	dutten:v
gedut	dutten:v
indut	indutten:v
indutte	indutten:v
induttend	indutten:v
ingedut	indutten:v
dutjes	dutje:n
bloedbaden	bloedbad:n
multipolen	multipool:n
verjaar	verjaren:v
verjaarde	verjaren:v
verjaart	verjaren:v
verjaarden	verjaren:v
verjarend	verjaren:v
verjaard	verjaren:v
oplosbaarder	oplosbaar:a
oplosbaarst	oplosbaar:a
oplosbare	oplosbaar:a
oplosbaardere	oplosbaar:a
oplosbaarste	oplosbaar:a
oplosmiddelen	oplosmiddel:n
oplosmiddeltje	oplosmiddel:n
nabewerk	nabewerken:v
nabewerkte	nabewerken:v
nabewerkt	nabewerken:v
nabewerkten	nabewerken:v
nabewerkend	nabewerken:v
bedruip	bedruipen:v
bedroop	bedruipen:v
bedruipt	bedruipen:v
bedropen	bedruipen:v
bedruipend	bedruipen:v
bevochtig	bevochtigen:v
bevochtigde	bevochtigen:v
bevochtigt	bevochtigen:v
bevochtigden	bevochtigen:v
bevochtigend	bevochtigen:v
bevochtigd	bevochtigen:v
bepis	bepissen:v
bepiste	bepissen:v
bepist	bepissen:v
bepisten	bepissen:v
bepissend	bepissen:v
bewakingen	bewaking:n
weerspreek	weerspreken:v
weersprak	weerspreken:v
weerspreekt	weerspreken:v
weerspraken	weerspreken:v
weersprekend	weerspreken:v
weersproken	weerspreken:v
kwijtscheld	kwijtschelden:v
kwijtschold	kwijtschelden:v
kwijtscheldt	kwijtschelden:v
kwijtscholden	kwijtschelden:v
kwijtscheldend	kwijtschelden:v
kwijtgescholden	kwijtschelden:v
konvooien	konvooi:n
konvooitje	konvooi:n
mol	mollen:v
molde	mollen:v
molt	mollen:v
molden	mollen:v
mollend	mollen:v
gemold	mollen:v
muntjes	muntje:n
toekeer	toekeren:v
toekeerde	toekeren:v
toekeert	toekeren:v
toekeerden	toekeren:v
toekerend	toekeren:v
toegekeerd	toekeren:v
autocraten	autocraat:n
autocraatje	autocraat:n
oplosbaars	oplosbaar:a
postuums	postuum:a
vlots	vlot:a
zeldzaams	zeldzaam:a
bevochtige	bevochtigen:v
bedrope	bedruipen:v
bedruipe	bedruipen:v
bedroopt	bedruipen:v
weergesproken	weerspreken:v
nareken	narekenen:v
narekende	narekenen:v
narekent	narekenen:v
narekenden	narekenen:v
narekenend	narekenen:v
nagerekend	narekenen:v
keigoede	keigoed:a
steengoede	steengoed:a
steengoederen	steengoed:n
stronkje	stronk:n
boomstronken	boomstronk:n
boomstronkje	boomstronk:n
zijdelingse	zijdelings:a
terugwaartse	terugwaarts:a
aanstoot	aanstoten:v
aanstootte	aanstoten:v
aanstootten	aanstoten:v
aanstotend	aanstoten:v
aangestoten	aanstoten:v
aanstiet	aanstoten:v
aanstieten	aanstoten:v
sniezen	niezen:v
aanreken	aanrekenen:v
aanrekende	aanrekenen:v
aanrekent	aanrekenen:v
aanrekenden	aanrekenen:v
aanrekenend	aanrekenen:v
aangerekend	aanrekenen:v
hemmetjes	hemmetje:n
portretteer	portretteren:v
portretteerde	portretteren:v
portretteert	portretteren:v
portretteerden	portretteren:v
portretterend	portretteren:v
geportretteerd	portretteren:v
gedaantewisselingen	gedaantewisseling:n
wisselingen	wisseling:n
wisselingetje	wisseling:n
gedaanteveranderingen	gedaanteverandering:n
transfiguraties	transfiguratie:n
transfigureer	transfigureren:v
transfigureerde	transfigureren:v
transfigureert	transfigureren:v
transfigureerden	transfigureren:v
transfigurerend	transfigureren:v
getransfigureerd	transfigureren:v
metamorfoseer	metamorfoseren:v
metamorfoseerde	metamorfoseren:v
metamorfoseert	metamorfoseren:v
metamorfoseerden	metamorfoseren:v
metamorfoserend	metamorfoseren:v
gemetamorfoseerd	metamorfoseren:v
lossta	losstaan:v
losstond	losstaan:v
losstaat	losstaan:v
losstonden	losstaan:v
losstaand	losstaan:v
losgestaan	losstaan:v
ordners	ordner:n
plotselings	plotseling:a
aanstoten	aanstoot:n
aanstootje	aanstoot:n
portrettere	portretteren:v
metamorfosere	metamorfoseren:v
transfigurere	transfigureren:v
verstrooiingen	verstrooiing:n
verstrooiinkje	verstrooiing:n
civieler	civiel:a
civielst	civiel:a
civiele	civiel:a
civielere	civiel:a
civielste	civiel:a
schappelijks	schappelijk:a
civiels	civiel:a
figuurlijker	figuurlijk:a
figuurlijkst	figuurlijk:a
figuurlijke	figuurlijk:a
figuurlijkere	figuurlijk:a
figuurlijkste	figuurlijk:a
ontdooi	ontdooien:v
ontdooide	ontdooien:v
ontdooit	ontdooien:v
ontdooiden	ontdooien:v
ontdooiend	ontdooien:v
ontdooid	ontdooien:v
kinderspellen	kinderspel:n
kinderspelen	kinderspel:n
kinderspelletje	kinderspel:n
toverslagen	toverslag:n
frikadellen	frikadel:n
leuten	leut:n
leutje	leut:n
daarboven	boven:d
robinia's	robinia:n
robiniaatje	robinia:n
luchtsluizen	luchtsluis:n
luchtsluisje	luchtsluis:n
boulevardbladje	boulevardblad:n
sensatiebladen	sensatieblad:n
sensatieblaadje	sensatieblad:n
sensatiebladje	sensatieblad:n
na-aap	na-apen:v
na-aapte	na-apen:v
na-aapt	na-apen:v
na-aapten	na-apen:v
na-apend	na-apen:v
nageaapt	na-apen:v
comtoir	kantoor:n
peulen	peul:n
peultje	peul:n
eenzaadlobbigen	eenzaadlobbige:n
zaadlobben	zaadlob:n
zaadlobje	zaadlob:n
lobde	lobben:v
lobden	lobben:v
lobbend	lobben:v
gelobd	lobben:v
binnenbanden	binnenband:n
binnenbandje	binnenband:n
butten	botten:v
kolchozen	kolchoz:n
vroeder	vroed:a
vroedst	vroed:a
vroede	vroed:a|vroeden:v
vroedere	vroed:a
vroedste	vroed:a
vroedschappen	vroedschap:n
vroedschapje	vroedschap:n
vervloekt	vervloeken:v
vervloekte	vervloekt:a|vervloeken:v
toneelspelers	toneelspeler:n
toneelspelertje	toneelspeler:n
toneelspeelsters	toneelspeelster:n
toneelspeelstertje	toneelspeelster:n
poch	pochen:v
pochte	pochen:v
pocht	pochen:v
pochten	pochen:v
pochend	pochen:v
gepocht	pochen:v
viervoeters	viervoeter:n
viervoetertje	viervoeter:n
beticht	betichten:v
betichtte	betichten:v
betichtten	betichten:v
betichtend	betichten:v
barbarijen	barbarij:n
barbaren	barbaar:n
barbaars	barbaar:n
barbaartje	barbaar:n
barbaarsheden	barbaarsheid:n
onvruchtbare	onvruchtbaar:a
kwakkels	kwakkel:n
kwakkeltje	kwakkel:n
raffinaderijen	raffinaderij:n
raffinaderijtje	raffinaderij:n
massaals	massaal:a
ontdooie	ontdooien:v
harke	harken:v
betichte	betichten:v
olieraffinaderijen	olieraffinaderij:n
olieraffinaderijtje	olieraffinaderij:n
voortrek	voortrekken:v
voortrok	voortrekken:v
voortrekt	voortrekken:v
voortrokken	voortrekken:v
voortrekkend	voortrekken:v
voorgetrokken	voortrekken:v
boegseer	boegseren:v
boegseerde	boegseren:v
boegseert	boegseren:v
boegseerden	boegseren:v
boegserend	boegseren:v
geboegseerd	boegseren:v
sleepboten	sleepboot:n
sleepbootje	sleepboot:n
sleeptouwen	sleeptouw:n
sleeptouwtje	sleeptouw:n
skiliften	skilift:n
skiliftje	skilift:n
microcandela's	microcandela:n
picocandela's	picocandela:n
megacandela's	megacandela:n
kilocandela's	kilocandela:n
gigacandela's	gigacandela:n
petaohms	petaohm:n
hectocandela's	hectocandela:n
attocandela's	attocandela:n
primeer	primeren:v
primeerde	primeren:v
primeert	primeren:v
primeerden	primeren:v
primerend	primeren:v
geprimeerd	primeren:v
primerde	primeren:v
primert	primeren:v
primerden	primeren:v
geprimerd	primeren:v
confirmaties	confirmatie:n
confirmeer	confirmeren:v
confirmeerde	confirmeren:v
confirmeert	confirmeren:v
confirmeerden	confirmeren:v
confirmerend	confirmeren:v
geconfirmeerd	confirmeren:v
Etrusken	Etrusk:n
ellenlange	ellenlang:a
beplak	beplakken:v
beplakte	beplakken:v
beplakt	beplakken:v
beplakten	beplakken:v
beplakkend	beplakken:v
boegsere	boegseren:v
confirmere	confirmeren:v
huike	huiken:v
huikje	huik:n
beplakke	beplakken:v
naasten	naaste:n
overzie	overzien:v
overzag	overzien:v
overziet	overzien:v
overzagen	overzien:v
overziend	overzien:v
schichten	schicht:n
schichtje	schicht:n
waaiers	waaier:n
waaiertje	waaier:n
waaier	waaieren:v
waaierde	waaieren:v
waaiert	waaieren:v
waaierden	waaieren:v
waaierend	waaieren:v
gewaaierd	waaieren:v
verkondigers	verkondiger:n
verkondigertje	verkondiger:n
overvlieg	overvliegen:v
overvloog	overvliegen:v
overvliegt	overvliegen:v
overvlogen	overvliegen:v
overvliegend	overvliegen:v
overgevlogen	overvliegen:v
middelpunten	middelpunt:n
middelpuntje	middelpunt:n
centrifugale	centrifugaal:a
stampvoet	stampvoeten:v
stampvoette	stampvoeten:v
stampvoetten	stampvoeten:v
stampvoetend	stampvoeten:v
gestampvoet	stampvoeten:v
klapstukken	klapstuk:n
klapstukje	klapstuk:n
zwoerden	zwoerd:n
zwoerdje	zwoerd:n
zeekomkommers	zeekomkommer:n
zeekomkommertje	zeekomkommer:n
raketslaatje	raketsla:n
valstrikken	valstrik:n
valstrikje	valstrik:n
kiemde	kiemen:v
kiemt	kiemen:v
kiemden	kiemen:v
kiemend	kiemen:v
gekiemd	kiemen:v
kiemgroenten	kiemgroente:n
kiemgroentes	kiemgroente:n
kiemgroentetje	kiemgroente:n
telers	teler:n
telertje	teler:n
mungbonen	mungboon:n
mungboontje	mungboon:n
ontkiem	ontkiemen:v
ontkiemde	ontkiemen:v
ontkiemt	ontkiemen:v
ontkiemden	ontkiemen:v
ontkiemend	ontkiemen:v
ontkiemd	ontkiemen:v
sinusoïdale	sinusoïdaal:a
stralingsvelden	stralingsveld:n
stralingsveldje	stralingsveld:n
multipoolexpansies	multipoolexpansie:n
multipoolexpansietje	multipoolexpansie:n
monopolen	monopool:n
monopooltje	monopool:n
monopooltermen	monopoolterm:n
monopooltermpje	monopoolterm:n
dipolen	dipool:n
dipooltje	dipool:n
dipooltermen	dipoolterm:n
dipooltermpje	dipoolterm:n
quadrupolen	quadrupool:n
quadrupooltje	quadrupool:n
quadrupooltermen	quadrupoolterm:n
quadrupooltermpje	quadrupoolterm:n
octopolen	octopool:n
octopooltje	octopool:n
octopooltermen	octopoolterm:n
octopooltermpje	octopoolterm:n
vreemds	vreemd:a
leenvertalingen	leenvertaling:n
leenvertalinkje	leenvertaling:n
vijflettergrepige	vijflettergrepig:a
naamwoordelijke	naamwoordelijk:a
nietszeggender	nietszeggend:a
nietszeggendst	nietszeggend:a
nietszeggende	nietszeggend:a
nietszeggendere	nietszeggend:a
nietszeggendste	nietszeggend:a
betekenisvoller	betekenisvol:a
betekenisvolst	betekenisvol:a
betekenisvolle	betekenisvol:a
betekenisvollere	betekenisvol:a
betekenisvolste	betekenisvol:a
neutronensterren	neutronenster:n
neutronensterretje	neutronenster:n
valentienucleonen	valentienucleon:n
elektronneutrino's	elektronneutrino:n
muonneutrino's	muonneutrino:n
tauonneutrino's	tauonneutrino:n
continuüms	continuüm:n
muiterijen	muiterij:n
muiterijtje	muiterij:n
zandbanken	zandbank:n
zandbankje	zandbank:n
ultraorthodoxe	ultraorthodox:a
gymlessen	gymles:n
gymlesje	gymles:n
gympen	gymp:n
gympje	gymp:n
centrifugaals	centrifugaal:a
overzaagt	overzien:v
overzage	overzien:v
waaiere	waaieren:v
stampvoete	stampvoeten:v
kieme	kiemen:v
ontkieme	ontkiemen:v
pijpenstelen	pijpensteel:n
pijpensteeltje	pijpensteel:n
NSB'ers	NSB'er:n
NSB'ertje	NSB'er:n
snakte	snakken:v
snakt	snakken:v
snakten	snakken:v
snakkend	snakken:v
gesnakt	snakken:v
snackte	snacken:v
snackt	snacken:v
snackten	snacken:v
snackend	snacken:v
gesnackt	snacken:v
snoepte	snoepen:v
snoept	snoepen:v
snoepten	snoepen:v
snoepend	snoepen:v
gesnoept	snoepen:v
snacke	snacken:v
snoepe	snoepen:v
lesbi's	lesbi:n
eregasten	eregast:n
eregastje	eregast:n
jonkheren	jonkheer:n
jonkheertje	jonkheer:n
beurskrachs	beurskrach:n
gemeenteraadsleden	gemeenteraadslid:n
gemeenteraadslidje	gemeenteraadslid:n
premierschappen	premierschap:n
premierschapje	premierschap:n
verplegingen	verpleging:n
verzorgingen	verzorging:n
metrieke	metriek:a
lieflijker	lieflijk:a
lieflijkst	lieflijk:a
lieflijke	lieflijk:a
lieflijkere	lieflijk:a
lieflijkste	lieflijk:a
wapenspreuken	wapenspreuk:n
wapenspreukje	wapenspreuk:n
Polynesische	Polynesisch:a
verraders	verrader:n
verradertje	verrader:n
gemeenzaams	gemeenzaam:a
metrieks	metriek:a
universitairs	universitair:a
lieflijks	lieflijk:a
erbinnen	binnen:d
erboven	boven:d
dyslectische	dyslectisch:a
profetessen	profetes:n
profetesje	profetes:n
pokje	pok:n
gister	gisteren:d
wolkbreuken	wolkbreuk:n
wolkbreukje	wolkbreuk:n
rijte	rijten:v
ontkenningen	ontkenning:n
ontkenninkje	ontkenning:n
koters	koter:n
kotertje	koter:n
inzamel	inzamelen:v
inzamelde	inzamelen:v
inzamelt	inzamelen:v
inzamelden	inzamelen:v
inzamelend	inzamelen:v
ingezameld	inzamelen:v
gaderen	garen:v
reddingsacties	reddingsactie:n
reddingsactietje	reddingsactie:n
reddingsoperaties	reddingsoperatie:n
reddingsoperatietje	reddingsoperatie:n
Nederfrankische	Nederfrankisch:a
Frankische	Frankisch:a
Oudfrankische	Oudfrankisch:a
Oudsaksische	Oudsaksisch:a
Saksische	Saksisch:a
zaadleiders	zaadleider:n
teelballen	teelbal:n
teelballetje	teelbal:n
zwaargewichten	zwaargewicht:n
zwaargewichtje	zwaargewicht:n
verzout	verzouten:v
verzoutte	verzouten:v
verzoutten	verzouten:v
verzoutend	verzouten:v
opvolgingen	opvolging:n
opvolginkje	opvolging:n
troonopvolgingen	troonopvolging:n
troonopvolginkje	troonopvolging:n
troonopvolgers	troonopvolger:n
troonopvolgertje	troonopvolger:n
Soedanezen	Soedanees:n
Soedaneesje	Soedanees:n
Soedaneser	Soedanees:a
Soedaneest	Soedanees:a
Soedanese	Soedanees:a
Soedanesere	Soedanees:a
Soedaneeste	Soedanees:a
Zuid-Soedanezen	Zuid-Soedanees:n
Zuid-Soedaneesje	Zuid-Soedanees:n
Zuid-Soedaneser	Zuid-Soedanees:a
Zuid-Soedaneest	Zuid-Soedanees:a
Zuid-Soedanese	Zuid-Soedanees:a
Zuid-Soedanesere	Zuid-Soedanees:a
Zuid-Soedaneeste	Zuid-Soedanees:a
onachtzamer	onachtzaam:a
onachtzaamst	onachtzaam:a
onachtzame	onachtzaam:a
onachtzamere	onachtzaam:a
onachtzaamste	onachtzaam:a
achtzamer	achtzaam:a
achtzaamst	achtzaam:a
achtzame	achtzaam:a
achtzamere	achtzaam:a
achtzaamste	achtzaam:a
bijgeloviger	bijgelovig:a
bijgelovigst	bijgelovig:a
bijgelovige	bijgelovig:a
bijgelovigere	bijgelovig:a
bijgelovigste	bijgelovig:a
heides	heide:n
heiden	heide:n|heien:v
heidetje	heide:n
heide	heien:v
schanddaden	schanddaad:n
schanddaadje	schanddaad:n
Archont	archont:n
nieuwkomers	nieuwkomer:n
nieuwkomertje	nieuwkomer:n
computerprogramma's	computerprogramma:n
computerprogrammaatje	computerprogramma:n
coöperatiever	coöperatief:a
coöperatiefst	coöperatief:a
coöperatieve	coöperatief:a
coöperatievere	coöperatief:a
coöperatiefste	coöperatief:a
inbreng	inbrengen:v
inbracht	inbrengen:v
inbrengt	inbrengen:v
inbrachten	inbrengen:v
inbrengend	inbrengen:v
ingebracht	inbrengen:v
gaars	gaar:a
verzoute	verzouten:v
namaak	namaken:v
namaakte	namaken:v
namaakt	namaken:v
namaakten	namaken:v
namakend	namaken:v
nagemaakt	namaken:v
Zwitsertje	Zwitser:n
doodenge	doodeng:a
sekservaringen	sekservaring:n
sekservarinkje	sekservaring:n
fantaseer	fantaseren:v
fantaseerde	fantaseren:v
fantaseert	fantaseren:v
fantaseerden	fantaseren:v
fantaserend	fantaseren:v
gefantaseerd	fantaseren:v
crediteuren	crediteur:n
crediteurs	crediteur:n
crediteurtje	crediteur:n
hormonale	hormonaal:a
nazeg	nazeggen:v
nazei	nazeggen:v
nazegde	nazeggen:v
nazegt	nazeggen:v
nazeiden	nazeggen:v
nazegden	nazeggen:v
nazeggend	nazeggen:v
nagezegd	nazeggen:v
napraat	napraten:v
napraatte	napraten:v
napraatten	napraten:v
napratend	napraten:v
nagepraat	napraten:v
besabbel	besabbelen:v
besabbelde	besabbelen:v
besabbelt	besabbelen:v
besabbelden	besabbelen:v
besabbelend	besabbelen:v
besabbeld	besabbelen:v
sabbelde	sabbelen:v
sabbelden	sabbelen:v
sabbelend	sabbelen:v
gesabbeld	sabbelen:v
hersenspoel	hersenspoelen:v
hersenspoelde	hersenspoelen:v
hersenspoelt	hersenspoelen:v
hersenspoelden	hersenspoelen:v
hersenspoelend	hersenspoelen:v
gehersenspoeld	hersenspoelen:v
hersenspoelingen	hersenspoeling:n
hersenspoelinkje	hersenspoeling:n
deelen	delen:v
onverzettelijkheden	onverzettelijkheid:n
onverzettelijker	onverzettelijk:a
onverzettelijkst	onverzettelijk:a
onverzettelijke	onverzettelijk:a
onverzettelijkere	onverzettelijk:a
onverzettelijkste	onverzettelijk:a
neukfeesten	neukfeest:n
neukfeestje	neukfeest:n
dribbel	dribbelen:v
dribbelde	dribbelen:v
dribbelt	dribbelen:v
dribbelden	dribbelen:v
dribbelend	dribbelen:v
gedribbeld	dribbelen:v
tatoeages	tatoeage:n
tatoeagetje	tatoeage:n
filterde	filteren:v
filterden	filteren:v
filterend	filteren:v
gefilterd	filteren:v
kwijl	kwijlen:v
kwijlde	kwijlen:v
kwijlt	kwijlen:v
kwijlden	kwijlen:v
kwijlend	kwijlen:v
gekwijld	kwijlen:v
quarteroon	quarterone:n
geide	geien:v
geiden	geien:v
geiend	geien:v
gegeid	geien:v
gonnen	gunnen:v
vulgariteiten	vulgariteit:n
malingen	maling:n
amaranten	amarant:n
amarantje	amarant:n
champignonsoepen	champignonsoep:n
champignonsoepje	champignonsoep:n
goulashsoepen	goulashsoep:n
goulashsoepje	goulashsoep:n
kippensoepen	kippensoep:n
kippensoepje	kippensoep:n
ossenstaartsoepen	ossenstaartsoep:n
ossenstaartsoepje	ossenstaartsoep:n
rundvleessoepen	rundvleessoep:n
rundvleessoepje	rundvleessoep:n
tomatensoepen	tomatensoep:n
tomatensoepje	tomatensoep:n
uiensoepen	uiensoep:n
uiensoepje	uiensoep:n
vissoepen	vissoep:n
vissoepje	vissoep:n
motiveer	motiveren:v
motiveerde	motiveren:v
motiveert	motiveren:v
motiveerden	motiveren:v
motiverend	motiveren:v
gemotiveerd	motiveren:v
nevelvlekken	nevelvlek:n
nevelvlekje	nevelvlek:n
opgravingen	opgraving:n
opgravinkje	opgraving:n
opgraaf	opgraven:v
opgroef	opgraven:v
opgraaft	opgraven:v
opgroeven	opgraven:v
opgravend	opgraven:v
opgegraven	opgraven:v
Sas	Saks:n
hardnekkigs	hardnekkig:a
besabbele	besabbelen:v
hersenspoele	hersenspoelen:v
discussieer	discussiëren:v
discussieerde	discussiëren:v
discussieert	discussiëren:v
discussieerden	discussiëren:v
discussiërend	discussiëren:v
gediscussieerd	discussiëren:v
pieste	piesen:v
piest	piesen:v
piesten	piesen:v
piesend	piesen:v
gepiest	piesen:v
kindsoldaten	kindsoldaat:n
kindsoldaatje	kindsoldaat:n
weeuw	weduwe:n
stevels	stevel:n
steveltje	stevel:n
hillen	hil:n
hilletje	hil:n
bloedgeile	bloedgeil:a
tajers	tajer:n
excessiever	excessief:a
excessiefst	excessief:a
excessieve	excessief:a
excessievere	excessief:a
excessiefste	excessief:a
buitensporiger	buitensporig:a
buitensporigst	buitensporig:a
buitensporige	buitensporig:a
buitensporigere	buitensporig:a
buitensporigste	buitensporig:a
liquideer	liquideren:v
liquideerde	liquideren:v
liquideert	liquideren:v
liquideerden	liquideren:v
liquiderend	liquideren:v
geliquideerd	liquideren:v
afpers	afpersen:v
afperste	afpersen:v
afperst	afpersen:v
afpersten	afpersen:v
afpersend	afpersen:v
afgeperst	afpersen:v
Wit-Russen	Wit-Rus:n
Wit-Rusje	Wit-Rus:n
Wit-Russische	Wit-Russisch:a
sief	syfilis:n
pastinaken	pastinaak:n
pastinaakje	pastinaak:n
nachtmerrieachtiger	nachtmerrieachtig:a
nachtmerrieachtigst	nachtmerrieachtig:a
nachtmerrieachtige	nachtmerrieachtig:a
nachtmerrieachtigere	nachtmerrieachtig:a
nachtmerrieachtigste	nachtmerrieachtig:a
nachtmerrie-achtig	nachtmerrieachtig:a
geoorloofder	geoorloofd:a
geoorloofdst	geoorloofd:a
geoorloofde	geoorloofd:a
geoorloofdere	geoorloofd:a
geoorloofdste	geoorloofd:a
schoften	schoft:n
schoftje	schoft:n
schoffie	schoft:n
nuanceer	nuanceren:v
nuanceerde	nuanceren:v
nuanceert	nuanceren:v
nuanceerden	nuanceren:v
nuancerend	nuanceren:v
genuanceerd	nuanceren:v
gewen	gewennen:v
gewende	gewennen:v
gewent	gewennen:v
gewenden	gewennen:v
gewennend	gewennen:v
bezwaarlijker	bezwaarlijk:a
bezwaarlijkst	bezwaarlijk:a
bezwaarlijke	bezwaarlijk:a
bezwaarlijkere	bezwaarlijk:a
bezwaarlijkste	bezwaarlijk:a
aftel	aftellen:v
aftelde	aftellen:v
aftelt	aftellen:v
aftelden	aftellen:v
aftellend	aftellen:v
afgeteld	aftellen:v
miskenningen	miskenning:n
blauwogige	blauwogig:a
verstrooid	verstrooien:v
verstrooider	verstrooid:a
verstrooidst	verstrooid:a
verstrooide	verstrooid:a|verstrooien:v
verstrooidere	verstrooid:a
verstrooidste	verstrooid:a
pestkoppen	pestkop:n
pestkopje	pestkop:n
blunderde	blunderen:v
blundert	blunderen:v
blunderden	blunderen:v
blunderend	blunderen:v
geblunderd	blunderen:v
trenzen	trens:n
trensje	trens:n
pangasiussen	pangasius:n
pangasiusje	pangasius:n
buitensporigs	buitensporig:a
excessiefs	excessief:a
bezwaarlijks	bezwaarlijk:a
kwalijks	kwalijk:a
ernstigs	ernstig:a
discussiëre	discussiëren:v
liquidere	liquideren:v
nuancere	nuanceren:v
gewenne	gewennen:v
blundere	blunderen:v
sympathieker	sympathiek:a
sympathiekst	sympathiek:a
sympathieke	sympathiek:a
sympathiekere	sympathiek:a
sympathiekste	sympathiek:a
stagnaties	stagnatie:n
stagnatietje	stagnatie:n
vooruitzichten	vooruitzicht:n
vooruitzichtje	vooruitzicht:n
beschimmel	beschimmelen:v
beschimmelde	beschimmelen:v
beschimmelt	beschimmelen:v
beschimmelden	beschimmelen:v
beschimmelend	beschimmelen:v
beschimmeld	beschimmelen:v
verrot	verrotten:v
verrotte	verrotten:v
verrottend	verrotten:v
entomologen	entomoloog:n
entomoloogje	entomoloog:n
entomologische	entomologisch:a
landbouwhuisdieren	landbouwhuisdier:n
landbouwhuisdiertje	landbouwhuisdier:n
sympathieks	sympathiek:a
beschimmele	beschimmelen:v
stagiairs	stagiair:n
stagiairtje	stagiair:n
verkeersaderen	verkeersader:n
verkeersaders	verkeersader:n
verkeersadertje	verkeersader:n
sijzen	sijs:n
sijsje	sijs:n
appèl	appel:n
bosbewoners	bosbewoner:n
bosbewonertje	bosbewoner:n
boswerkers	boswerker:n
boswerkertje	boswerker:n
driek	drieken:v
driekte	drieken:v
driekt	drieken:v
driekten	drieken:v
driekend	drieken:v
gedriekt	drieken:v
kroel	kroelen:v
kroelde	kroelen:v
kroelt	kroelen:v
kroelden	kroelen:v
kroelend	kroelen:v
gekroeld	kroelen:v
hupte	huppen:v
hupt	huppen:v
hupten	huppen:v
huppend	huppen:v
gehupt	huppen:v
liggingen	ligging:n
nachthemden	nachthemd:n
nachthemdje	nachthemd:n
spoelkeukens	spoelkeuken:n
spoelkeukentje	spoelkeuken:n
oreaden	oreade:n
oreades	oreade:n
piopio's	piopio:n
piopiootje	piopio:n
minister-presidenten	minister-president:n
ministers-presidenten	minister-president:n
minister-presidentje	minister-president:n
hardgekookte	hardgekookt:a
cornflakes	cornflake:n
optrommel	optrommelen:v
optrommelde	optrommelen:v
optrommelt	optrommelen:v
optrommelden	optrommelen:v
optrommelend	optrommelen:v
opgetrommeld	optrommelen:v
onderpanden	onderpand:n
onderpandje	onderpand:n
kindermeisjes	kindermeisje:n
durfallen	durfal:n
durfals	durfal:n
durfalletje	durfal:n
relschoppers	relschopper:n
relschoppertje	relschopper:n
lustelozer	lusteloos:a
lusteloost	lusteloos:a
lusteloze	lusteloos:a
lustelozere	lusteloos:a
lustelooste	lusteloos:a
gulzigheden	gulzigheid:n
gulzigheidje	gulzigheid:n
vraatzuchten	vraatzucht:n
vraatzuchtiger	vraatzuchtig:a
vraatzuchtigst	vraatzuchtig:a
vraatzuchtige	vraatzuchtig:a
vraatzuchtigere	vraatzuchtig:a
vraatzuchtigste	vraatzuchtig:a
begeriger	begerig:a
begerigst	begerig:a
begerige	begerig:a
begerigere	begerig:a
begerigste	begerig:a
begerigheden	begerigheid:n
begerigheidje	begerigheid:n
gretigheden	gretigheid:n
slokoppen	slokop:n
slokopje	slokop:n
vraatje	vraat:n
gulzigaards	gulzigaard:n
gulzigaardje	gulzigaard:n
bibliothecarissen	bibliothecaris:n
bibliothecarisje	bibliothecaris:n
overstanden	overstand:n
overstandje	overstand:n
instructrices	instructrice:n
instructricetje	instructrice:n
blessuretijden	blessuretijd:n
blessuretijdje	blessuretijd:n
gelovigs	gelovig:a
heimelijks	heimelijk:a
ruigs	ruig:a
gulzigs	gulzig:a
gretigs	gretig:a
vraatzuchtigs	vraatzuchtig:a
begerigs	begerig:a
interviewsters	interviewster:n
interviewstertje	interviewster:n
herinterview	herinterviewen:v
herinterviewde	herinterviewen:v
herinterviewt	herinterviewen:v
herinterviewden	herinterviewen:v
herinterviewend	herinterviewen:v
geherinterviewd	herinterviewen:v
geïnterviewden	geïnterviewde:n
wammen	wam:n
wammetje	wam:n
strafschoppenseries	strafschoppenserie:n
strafschoppenserietje	strafschoppenserie:n
strafschopdoelpunten	strafschopdoelpunt:n
strafschopdoelpuntje	strafschopdoelpunt:n
strafschopgoals	strafschopgoal:n
strafschopgoaltje	strafschopgoal:n
strafschoptreffers	strafschoptreffer:n
strafschoptreffertje	strafschoptreffer:n
Hongeren	Honger:n
zindelijker	zindelijk:a
zindelijkst	zindelijk:a
zindelijke	zindelijk:a
zindelijkere	zindelijk:a
zindelijkste	zindelijk:a
e-bikes	e-bike:n
nanoseconden	nanoseconde:n
nanosecondes	nanoseconde:n
overlopers	overloper:n
overlopertje	overloper:n
pluvier	plevier:n
ongerechter	ongerecht:a
ongerechtst	ongerecht:a
ongerechte	ongerecht:a
ongerechtere	ongerecht:a
ongerechtste	ongerecht:a
rollators	rollator:n
rollatortje	rollator:n
empirismen	empirisme:n
tekenreeksen	tekenreeks:n
tekenreeksje	tekenreeks:n
meega	meegaan:v
meeging	meegaan:v
meegaat	meegaan:v
meegingen	meegaan:v
meegaand	meegaan:v
meegegaan	meegaan:v
hoofdlettergevoelige	hoofdlettergevoelig:a
hoofdletterongevoelige	hoofdletterongevoelig:a
moederborden	moederbord:n
moederbordje	moederbord:n
flashgeheugens	flashgeheugen:n
flashgeheugentje	flashgeheugen:n
diskettestations	diskettestation:n
diskettestationnetje	diskettestation:n
muisaanwijzers	muisaanwijzer:n
muisaanwijzertje	muisaanwijzer:n
menubalken	menubalk:n
menubalkje	menubalk:n
scrollbalken	scrollbalk:n
scrollbalkje	scrollbalk:n
taakbalken	taakbalk:n
taakbalkje	taakbalk:n
werkbalken	werkbalk:n
werkbalkje	werkbalk:n
dubbelklik	dubbelklikken:v
dubbelklikte	dubbelklikken:v
dubbelklikt	dubbelklikken:v
dubbelklikten	dubbelklikken:v
dubbelklikkend	dubbelklikken:v
gedubbelklikt	dubbelklikken:v
dubbelkliks	dubbelklik:n
dubbelklikje	dubbelklik:n
bureaubladen	bureaublad:n
bureaublaadje	bureaublad:n
keuzerondjes	keuzerondje:n
radioknoppen	radioknop:n
radioknopje	radioknop:n
opdrachtregels	opdrachtregel:n
opdrachtregeltje	opdrachtregel:n
gebruikersomgevingen	gebruikersomgeving:n
gebruikersomgevinkje	gebruikersomgeving:n
bestandssystemen	bestandssysteem:n
bestandssysteempje	bestandssysteem:n
programmeer	programmeren:v
programmeerde	programmeren:v
programmeert	programmeren:v
programmeerden	programmeren:v
programmerend	programmeren:v
geprogrammeerd	programmeren:v
overklok	overklokken:v
overklokte	overklokken:v
overklokt	overklokken:v
overklokten	overklokken:v
overklokkend	overklokken:v
overgeklokt	overklokken:v
opstart	opstarten:v
opstartte	opstarten:v
opstartten	opstarten:v
opstartend	opstarten:v
opgestart	opstarten:v
dubbelklikke	dubbelklikken:v
programmere	programmeren:v
formattere	formatteren:v
geoverklokt	overklokken:v
overklokke	overklokken:v
solidaire	solidair:a
schermafdrukken	schermafdruk:n
schermafdrukje	schermafdruk:n
schermafbeeldingen	schermafbeelding:n
schermafbeeldinkje	schermafbeelding:n
insneeuw	insneeuwen:v
insneeuwde	insneeuwen:v
insneeuwt	insneeuwen:v
insneeuwden	insneeuwen:v
insneeuwend	insneeuwen:v
ingesneeuwd	insneeuwen:v
ingesneeuwde	ingesneeuwd:a
Luxemburgers	Luxemburger:m
romeo's	romeo:n
romeootje	romeo:n
weermachten	weermacht:n
weermachtje	weermacht:n
Silezischer	Silezisch:a
Silezischt	Silezisch:a
Silezische	Silezisch:a
Silezischere	Silezisch:a
Silezischte	Silezisch:a
bijproducten	bijproduct:n
bijproductje	bijproduct:n
puinzooitje	puinzooi:n
puinzootje	puinzooi:n
vouwstoelen	vouwstoel:n
vouwstoeltje	vouwstoel:n
galoppeer	galopperen:v
galoppeerde	galopperen:v
galoppeert	galopperen:v
galoppeerden	galopperen:v
galopperend	galopperen:v
gegaloppeerd	galopperen:v
wattmannen	wattman:n
wattmannetje	wattman:n
winterstormen	winterstorm:n
winterstormpje	winterstorm:n
sneeuwstormen	sneeuwstorm:n
sneeuwstormpje	sneeuwstorm:n
post-its	post-it:n
post-itje	post-it:n
impulsvectoren	impulsvector:n
inelastischer	inelastisch:a
inelastischt	inelastisch:a
inelastische	inelastisch:a
inelastischere	inelastisch:a
inelastischte	inelastisch:a
diamagnetischer	diamagnetisch:a
diamagnetischt	diamagnetisch:a
diamagnetische	diamagnetisch:a
diamagnetischere	diamagnetisch:a
diamagnetischte	diamagnetisch:a
paramagnetischer	paramagnetisch:a
paramagnetischt	paramagnetisch:a
paramagnetische	paramagnetisch:a
paramagnetischere	paramagnetisch:a
paramagnetischte	paramagnetisch:a
ferromagnetischer	ferromagnetisch:a
ferromagnetischt	ferromagnetisch:a
ferromagnetische	ferromagnetisch:a
ferromagnetischere	ferromagnetisch:a
ferromagnetischte	ferromagnetisch:a
antiferromagnetischer	antiferromagnetisch:a
antiferromagnetischt	antiferromagnetisch:a
antiferromagnetische	antiferromagnetisch:a
antiferromagnetischere	antiferromagnetisch:a
antiferromagnetischte	antiferromagnetisch:a
toevoegingen	toevoeging:n
toevoeginkje	toevoeging:n
verwerkingen	verwerking:n
verwerkinkje	verwerking:n
dragqueens	dragqueen:n
tritiumkernen	tritiumkern:n
deuteriumkernen	deuteriumkern:n
deuteriumkerntje	deuteriumkern:n
theatraler	theatraal:a
theatraalst	theatraal:a
theatrale	theatraal:a
theatralere	theatraal:a
theatraalste	theatraal:a
twinkel	twinkelen:v
twinkelde	twinkelen:v
twinkelt	twinkelen:v
twinkelden	twinkelen:v
twinkelend	twinkelen:v
getwinkeld	twinkelen:v
priapismen	priapisme:n
priapismes	priapisme:n
kerncentrales	kerncentrale:n
kerncentraletje	kerncentrale:n
kernreactoren	kernreactor:n
kernreactors	kernreactor:n
kernreactortje	kernreactor:n
alarmcentrales	alarmcentrale:n
alarmcentraletje	alarmcentrale:n
alarmnummers	alarmnummer:n
alarmnummertje	alarmnummer:n
energiecentrales	energiecentrale:n
energiecentraletje	energiecentrale:n
krachtcentrales	krachtcentrale:n
krachtcentraletje	krachtcentrale:n
telefooncentrales	telefooncentrale:n
telefooncentraletje	telefooncentrale:n
jaarbeurzen	jaarbeurs:n
jaarbeursje	jaarbeurs:n
blijden	blijde:n
blijdetje	blijde:n
blijde	blij:a
eenogen	eenoog:n
eenoogje	eenoog:n
functionalen	functionaal:n
functionaaltje	functionaal:n
arrestanten	arrestant:n
theatraals	theatraal:a
rauws	rauw:a
galoppere	galopperen:v
twinkele	twinkelen:v
kwispel	kwispelen:v
kwispelde	kwispelen:v
kwispelt	kwispelen:v
kwispelden	kwispelen:v
kwispelend	kwispelen:v
gekwispeld	kwispelen:v
menschelijk	menselijk:a
meeding	meedingen:v
meedong	meedingen:v
meedingt	meedingen:v
meedongen	meedingen:v
meedingend	meedingen:v
meegedongen	meedingen:v
buchten	bucht:n
vervreemd	vervreemden:v
vervreemdde	vervreemden:v
vervreemdt	vervreemden:v
vervreemdden	vervreemden:v
vervreemdend	vervreemden:v
poldermodellen	poldermodel:n
poldermodelletje	poldermodel:n
hebst	hebben:v
jankertje	janker:n
femto-ohms	femto-ohm:n
hecto-ohms	hecto-ohm:n
expressen	expres:n
verkneukel	verkneukelen:v
verkneukelde	verkneukelen:v
verkneukelt	verkneukelen:v
verkneukelden	verkneukelen:v
verkneukelend	verkneukelen:v
verkneukeld	verkneukelen:v
scheuten	scheut:n
scheutje	scheut:n
attoseconden	attoseconde:n
attosecondes	attoseconde:n
centiseconden	centiseconde:n
centisecondes	centiseconde:n
femtoampères	femtoampère:n
femtoseconden	femtoseconde:n
femtosecondes	femtoseconde:n
giga-ampères	giga-ampère:n
gigaseconden	gigaseconde:n
gigasecondes	gigaseconde:n
hectoampères	hectoampère:n
hectoseconden	hectoseconde:n
hectosecondes	hectoseconde:n
kiloseconden	kiloseconde:n
kilosecondes	kiloseconde:n
microampères	microampère:n
microseconden	microseconde:n
microsecondes	microseconde:n
microsecondetje	microseconde:n
milliampères	milliampère:n
milliares	milliare:n
nanoampères	nanoampère:n
picoampères	picoampère:n
picoseconden	picoseconde:n
picosecondes	picoseconde:n
yoctoseconden	yoctoseconde:n
yoctosecondes	yoctoseconde:n
zeptoseconden	zeptoseconde:n
zeptosecondes	zeptoseconde:n
kluwens	kluwen:n
kluwentje	kluwen:n
kluwe	kluwen:n
slaak	slaken:v
slaakte	slaken:v
slaakt	slaken:v
slaakten	slaken:v
slakend	slaken:v
geslaakt	slaken:v
waggies	waggie:n
knorren	knor:n
knorretje	knor:n
eindexamens	eindexamen:n
eindexamentje	eindexamen:n
do.	donderdag:n
averechtser	averechts:a
averechtst	averechts:a
averechtse	averechts:a
averechtsere	averechts:a
averechtste	averechts:a
betweters	betweter:n
betwetertje	betweter:n
drij	drie:u
gevers	gever:n
gevertje	gever:n
wereldomroepen	wereldomroep:n
wereldomroepje	wereldomroep:n
griezels	griezel:n
griezeltje	griezel:n
epizoa	epizoön:n
epizoën	epizoön:n
volgers	volger:n
volgertje	volger:n
wikkes	wikke:n
wikken	wikke:n
inspecteurs	inspecteur:n
lateien	latei:n
lateitje	latei:n
populismes	populisme:n
faunisten	faunist:n
infiltranten	infiltrant:n
infiltrantje	infiltrant:n
suïcides	suïcide:n
kwispels	kwispel:n
kwispeltje	kwispel:n
kwispele	kwispelen:v
vervreemde	vervreemden:v
verkneukele	verkneukelen:v
bucentauren	bucentaur:n
ondingen	onding:n
ondingetje	onding:n
gazetten	gazet:n
gazetje	gazet:n
kamichi's	kamichi:n
knabben	knab:n
knabbetje	knab:n
myriares	myriare:n
lullers	luller:n
lullertje	luller:n
lullerke	luller:n
wekas	weka:n
wekaatje	weka:n
hespen	hesp:n
beeldscherptes	beeldscherpte:n
beeldscherpten	beeldscherpte:n
beeldscherptetje	beeldscherpte:n
leepheden	leepheid:n
leepheidje	leepheid:n
lysosomen	lysosoom:n
lysosoompje	lysosoom:n
stotterde	stotteren:v
stotterden	stotteren:v
stotterend	stotteren:v
gestotterd	stotteren:v
dombo's	dombo:n
dombootje	dombo:n
trafo's	trafo:n
trafootje	trafo:n
onterechter	onterecht:a
onterechtst	onterecht:a
onterechte	onterecht:a
onterechtere	onterecht:a
onterechtste	onterecht:a
tegenliggers	tegenligger:n
tegenliggertje	tegenligger:n
muilkorven	muilkorf:n
muilkorfje	muilkorf:n
muilkorf	muilkorven:v
muilkorfde	muilkorven:v
muilkorft	muilkorven:v
muilkorfden	muilkorven:v
muilkorvend	muilkorven:v
gemuilkorfd	muilkorven:v
dj's	dj:n
dj'tje	dj:n
vuurpijlen	vuurpijl:n
vuurpijltje	vuurpijl:n
spoedgevallen	spoedgeval:n
spoedgevalletje	spoedgeval:n
onverzadigbaarder	onverzadigbaar:a
onverzadigbaarst	onverzadigbaar:a
onverzadigbare	onverzadigbaar:a
onverzadigbaardere	onverzadigbaar:a
onverzadigbaarste	onverzadigbaar:a
windassen	windas:n
windasje	windas:n
warmwaterkruiken	warmwaterkruik:n
warmwaterkruikje	warmwaterkruik:n
pijen	pij:n
pijtje	pij:n
naaldhakken	naaldhak:n
naaldhakje	naaldhak:n
16e	zestiende:a
100e	honderdste:a
adventskalenders	adventskalender:n
adventskalendertje	adventskalender:n
kerstcadeaus	kerstcadeau:n
kerstcadeautje	kerstcadeau:n
kerstkado	kerstcadeau:n
pepernoten	pepernoot:n
pepernootje	pepernoot:n
kruidnoten	kruidnoot:n
kruidnootje	kruidnoot:n
chocoladeletters	chocoladeletter:n
chocoladelettertje	chocoladeletter:n
hulpsinterklazen	hulpsinterklaas:n
hulpsinterklaasje	hulpsinterklaas:n
sinterklaasliederen	sinterklaaslied:n
sinterklaasliedje	sinterklaaslied:n
speculazen	speculaas:n
speculaasje	speculaas:n
taaitaaien	taaitaai:n
taaitaaitje	taaitaai:n
taaier	taai:a
taaist	taai:a
taaie	taai:a
taaiere	taai:a
taaiste	taai:a
onterechts	onterecht:a
onverzadigbaars	onverzadigbaar:a
taais	taai:a
goedheiligmannen	goedheiligman:n
goedheiligmannetje	goedheiligman:n
pakjesavonden	pakjesavond:n
pakjesavondje	pakjesavond:n
sma's	sma:n
smatje	sma:n
koffen	kof:n
kofje	kof:n
vergiet	vergieten:v
vergoot	vergieten:v
vergoten	vergieten:v
vergietend	vergieten:v
vergieten	vergiet:n
vergietje	vergiet:n
verkloot	verkloten:v
verklootte	verkloten:v
verklootten	verkloten:v
verklotend	verkloten:v
aderlatingen	aderlating:n
aderlatinkje	aderlating:n
stimulansen	stimulans:n
stimulantia	stimulans:n
stimulansje	stimulans:n
volmaak	volmaken:v
volmaakte	volmaken:v|volmaakt:a
volmaakt	volmaken:v
volmaakten	volmaken:v
volmakend	volmaken:v
volgemaakt	volmaken:v
sexverslaafde	seksverslaafde:n
zomerde	zomeren:v
zomert	zomeren:v
zomerden	zomeren:v
zomerend	zomeren:v
gezomerd	zomeren:v
vergote	vergieten:v
vergiete	vergieten:v
verklote	verkloten:v
dweile	dweilen:v
volmake	volmaken:v
volmaakter	volmaakt:a
volmaaktst	volmaakt:a
volmaaktere	volmaakt:a
volmaaktste	volmaakt:a
zomere	zomeren:v
landlopers	landloper:n
landlopertje	landloper:n
koningdommen	koningdom:n
koningdommetje	koningdom:n
examinandi	examinandus:n
examinandae	examinanda:n
examinanda's	examinanda:n
kankerde	kankeren:v
kankert	kankeren:v
kankerden	kankeren:v
kankerend	kankeren:v
gekankerd	kankeren:v
voorsorteer	voorsorteren:v
voorsorteerde	voorsorteren:v
voorsorteert	voorsorteren:v
voorsorteerden	voorsorteren:v
voorsorterend	voorsorteren:v
voorgesorteerd	voorsorteren:v
voorsorteervakken	voorsorteervak:n
voorsorteervakje	voorsorteervak:n
juffen	juf:n
jufje	juf:n
juffie	juf:n
technocratieën	technocratie:n
technocratietje	technocratie:n
stroomstoringen	stroomstoring:n
stroomstorinkje	stroomstoring:n
stroomuitvallen	stroomuitval:n
stroomuitvalletje	stroomuitval:n
kankere	kankeren:v
kabbele	kabbelen:v
benaam	benamen:v
benaamde	benamen:v
benaamt	benamen:v|benemen:v
benaamden	benamen:v
benamend	benamen:v
benaamd	benamen:v
beneme	benemen:v
fantasere	fantaseren:v
herinterviewe	herinterviewen:v
herinterviewd	herinterviewen:v
heuge	heugen:v
hoedes	hoede:n
hoede	hoeden:v
hoze	hozen:v
kaarden	kaarde:n
kaarde	kaarden:v
kicke	kicken:v
kwijle	kwijlen:v
motivere	motiveren:v
stroomlijne	stroomlijnen:v
verjare	verjaren:v
verzuile	verzuilen:v
welle	wellen:v
aangeschotener	aangeschoten:a
aangeschotenst	aangeschoten:a
aangeschotenste	aangeschoten:a
aangeschoten	aanschieten:v
overdenk	overdenken:v
overdacht	overdenken:v
overdenkt	overdenken:v
overdachten	overdenken:v
overdenkend	overdenken:v
bepeins	bepeinzen:v
bepeinsde	bepeinzen:v
bepeinst	bepeinzen:v
bepeinsden	bepeinzen:v
bepeinzend	bepeinzen:v
bepeinsd	bepeinzen:v
synoden	synode:n
synodes	synode:n
strijdwagens	strijdwagen:n
strijdwagentje	strijdwagen:n
wegwerkzaamheden	wegwerkzaamheid:n
wegwerkzaamheidje	wegwerkzaamheid:n
saffiaantjes	saffiaantje:n
Hendricks	Hendriks:m
Hendrix	Hendriks:m
bepeinze	bepeinzen:v
overdachte	overdenken:v
overdenke	overdenken:v
scootmobielen	scootmobiel:n
scootmobieltje	scootmobiel:n
sneeuwscooters	sneeuwscooter:n
sneeuwscootertje	sneeuwscooter:n
jobstijdingen	jobstijding:n
jobstijdinkje	jobstijding:n
aanroer	aanroeren:v
aanroerde	aanroeren:v
aanroert	aanroeren:v
aanroerden	aanroeren:v
aanroerend	aanroeren:v
aangeroerd	aanroeren:v
ontbeerlijker	ontbeerlijk:a
ontbeerlijkst	ontbeerlijk:a
ontbeerlijke	ontbeerlijk:a
ontbeerlijkere	ontbeerlijk:a
ontbeerlijkste	ontbeerlijk:a
improvisatoren	improvisator:n
improvisators	improvisator:n
begrotingstekorten	begrotingstekort:n
begrotingstekortje	begrotingstekort:n
echappeer	echapperen:v
echappeerde	echapperen:v
echappeert	echapperen:v
echappeerden	echapperen:v
echapperend	echapperen:v
geëchappeerd	echapperen:v
cedeer	cederen:v
cedeerde	cederen:v
cedeert	cederen:v
cedeerden	cederen:v
cederend	cederen:v
gecedeerd	cederen:v
bescheidenheden	bescheidenheid:n
bescheidenheidje	bescheidenheid:n
asocialer	asociaal:a
asociaalst	asociaal:a
asocialere	asociaal:a
asociaalste	asociaal:a
asociaals	asociaal:a
bondiger	bondig:a
bondigst	bondig:a
bondige	bondig:a
bondigere	bondig:a
bondigste	bondig:a
slierten	sliert:n
flitste	flitsen:v
flitst	flitsen:v
flitsten	flitsen:v
flitsend	flitsen:v
geflitst	flitsen:v
bijwerkingen	bijwerking:n
bijwerkinkje	bijwerking:n
golffuncties	golffunctie:n
golffunctietje	golffunctie:n
truuk	truc:n
krankjorumer	krankjorum:a
krankjorumst	krankjorum:a
krankjorume	krankjorum:a
krankjorumere	krankjorum:a
krankjorumste	krankjorum:a
krankjorums	krankjorum:a
getikts	getikt:a
ontaard	ontaarden:v
ontaardde	ontaarden:v
ontaardt	ontaarden:v
ontaardden	ontaarden:v
ontaardend	ontaarden:v
ontaardingen	ontaarding:n
ontaardinkje	ontaarding:n
ontaarde	ontaard:a|ontaarden:v
ontaards	ontaard:a
miezerigs	miezerig:a
miezer	miezeren:v|miezerd:n
miezerde	miezeren:v
miezert	miezeren:v
miezerden	miezeren:v
miezerend	miezeren:v
gemiezerd	miezeren:v
motregende	motregenen:v
motregent	motregenen:v
motregenden	motregenen:v
motregenend	motregenen:v
gemotregend	motregenen:v
miezerregens	miezerregen:n
miezerregentje	miezerregen:n
vedels	vedel:n
vedelen	vedel:n
vedeltje	vedel:n
geschifter	geschift:a
geschiftst	geschift:a
geschifte	geschift:a
geschiftere	geschift:a
geschiftste	geschift:a
geschift	schiften:v
geschifts	geschift:a
schift	schiften:v
schiftte	schiften:v
schiftten	schiften:v
schiftend	schiften:v
guppies	guppie:n
goniometrische	goniometrisch:a
sukkels	sukkel:n
sukkeltje	sukkel:n
sukkel	sukkelen:v
hosse	hossen:v
flitsender	flitsend:a
flitsendst	flitsend:a
flitsende	flitsend:a
flitsendere	flitsend:a
flitsendste	flitsend:a
flitse	flitsen:v
klewangs	klewang:n
klewangetje	klewang:n
aïssen	aïs:n
aïsje	aïs:n
courtisanes	courtisane:n
binken	bink:n
binkje	bink:n
stulp	stolp:n
stulpen	stulp:n
stulpje	stulp:n
bekledingen	bekleding:n
bekledinkje	bekleding:n
klittenbanden	klittenband:n
klittenbandje	klittenband:n
stratego	Stratego:m|strategoën:v
blesbokken	blesbok:n
blesbokje	blesbok:n
zetfouten	zetfout:n
zetfoutje	zetfout:n
reglementen	reglement:n
reglementje	reglement:n
winkelpuien	winkelpui:n
winkelpuitje	winkelpui:n
glimpen	glimp:n
glimpje	glimp:n
taakstraffen	taakstraf:n
taakstrafje	taakstraf:n
droomprinsen	droomprins:n
droomprinsje	droomprins:n
halsstarriger	halsstarrig:a
halsstarrigst	halsstarrig:a
halsstarrige	halsstarrig:a
halsstarrigere	halsstarrig:a
halsstarrigste	halsstarrig:a
onhandelbaarder	onhandelbaar:a
onhandelbaarst	onhandelbaar:a
onhandelbare	onhandelbaar:a
onhandelbaardere	onhandelbaar:a
onhandelbaarste	onhandelbaar:a
aaneenschakel	aaneenschakelen:v
aaneenschakelde	aaneenschakelen:v
aaneenschakelt	aaneenschakelen:v
aaneenschakelden	aaneenschakelen:v
aaneenschakelend	aaneenschakelen:v
aaneengeschakeld	aaneenschakelen:v
murwer	murw:a
murwst	murw:a
murwe	murw:a
murwere	murw:a
murwste	murw:a
vermurw	vermurwen:v
vermurwde	vermurwen:v
vermurwt	vermurwen:v
vermurwden	vermurwen:v
vermurwend	vermurwen:v
vermurwd	vermurwen:v
treckschuyt	trekschuit:n
houdbaarheidsdata	houdbaarheidsdatum:n
houdbaarheidsdatums	houdbaarheidsdatum:n
inproducten	inproduct:n
uitproducten	uitproduct:n
kruisproducten	kruisproduct:n
hondefluiten	hondefluit:n
hondefluitje	hondefluit:n
abrahamitische	abrahamitisch:a
Bosjesmannen	Bosjesman:n
Bosjesmannetje	Bosjesman:n
integratie-intervallen	integratie-interval:n
integratie-intervalletje	integratie-interval:n
termsgewijze	termsgewijs:a
Fourierreeksen	Fourierreeks:n
Fourierreeksje	Fourierreeks:n
Fourier-reeksen	Fourier-reeks:n
Fourier-reeksje	Fourier-reeks:n
Fourier-sinusreeksen	Fourier-sinusreeks:n
Fourier-sinusreeksje	Fourier-sinusreeks:n
Fourier-cosinusreeksen	Fourier-cosinusreeks:n
Fourier-cosinusreeksje	Fourier-cosinusreeks:n
popeyes	popeye:n
popeyetje	popeye:n
strafexpedities	strafexpeditie:n
strafexpeditietje	strafexpeditie:n
leuters	leuter:n
leutertje	leuter:n
Luwische	Luwisch:a
neonazi's	neonazi:n
hondenweertje	hondenweer:n
mispels	mispel:n
mispelen	mispel:n
mispeltje	mispel:n
mispelke	mispel:n
contraremonstranten	contraremonstrant:n
contraremonstrantse	contraremonstrants:a
harmonischen	harmonische:n
tinnen	tinne:n
turfde	turven:v
turft	turven:v
turfden	turven:v
turvend	turven:v
geturfd	turven:v
stroomdraden	stroomdraad:n
stroomdraadje	stroomdraad:n
symmetrieën	symmetrie:n
totaaltjes	totaaltje:n
sofs	sof:n
sofje	sof:n
Koptische	Koptisch:a
Pinkster	Pinksteren:m
Edomitische	Edomitisch:a
Gotische	Gotisch:a
lieverds	lieverd:n
lieverdje	lieverd:n
drielingen	drieling:n
drielingetje	drieling:n
soigneurs	soigneur:n
parnassia's	parnassia:n
parnassiaatje	parnassia:n
christologische	christologisch:a
slechtstschrijvende	slechtstschrijvend:a
applaudissementen	applaudissement:n
Nostratische	Nostratisch:a
voortplant	voortplanten:v
voortplantte	voortplanten:v
voortplantten	voortplanten:v
voortplantend	voortplanten:v
voortgeplant	voortplanten:v
voortplantingen	voortplanting:n
Sardische	Sardisch:a
wik	wikken:v
Vedische	Vedisch:a
Venetische	Venetisch:a
binocles	binocle:n
biplans	biplan:n
winstoogmerken	winstoogmerk:n
winstoogmerkje	winstoogmerk:n
oogmerken	oogmerk:n
oogmerkje	oogmerk:n
ambiguïteiten	ambiguïteit:n
soortnamen	soortnaam:n
soortnaampje	soortnaam:n
coördinatenstelsels	coördinatenstelsel:n
coördinatenstelseltje	coördinatenstelsel:n
venndiagrammen	venndiagram:n
venndiagrammetje	venndiagram:n
brouillages	brouillage:n
chapelures	chapelure:n
chauffeuses	chauffeuse:n
cocarde	kokarde:n
overeenstemmingen	overeenstemming:n
hierover	over:d
kernwapens	kernwapen:n
kernwapentje	kernwapen:n
eruitzie	eruitzien:v
eruitzag	eruitzien:v
eruitziet	eruitzien:v
eruitzagen	eruitzien:v
eruitziend	eruitzien:v
eruitgezien	eruitzien:v
narcoses	narcose:n
seculiere	seculier:a
zeers	zeer:a
soezen	soes:n
soesje	soes:n
ijzerwinkels	ijzerwinkel:n
ijzerwinkeltje	ijzerwinkel:n
ijzerwarenwinkels	ijzerwarenwinkel:n
ijzerwarenwinkeltje	ijzerwarenwinkel:n
dutsen	duts:n
dutske	duts:n
dutseke	duts:n
discontinue	discontinu:a
gewagen	gewag:n
gewagje	gewag:n
gewaag	gewagen:v
gewaagt	gewagen:v
gewaagden	gewagen:v
gewagend	gewagen:v
ijsdagen	ijsdag:n
ijsdagje	ijsdag:n
stroeten	stroet:n
stroetje	stroet:n
langskom	langskomen:v
langskwam	langskomen:v
langskomt	langskomen:v
langskwamen	langskomen:v
langskomend	langskomen:v
langsgekomen	langskomen:v
timmers	timmer:n
timmertje	timmer:n
timmer	timmeren:v
kwijtraak	kwijtraken:v
kwijtraakte	kwijtraken:v
kwijtraakt	kwijtraken:v
kwijtraakten	kwijtraken:v
kwijtrakend	kwijtraken:v
kwijtgeraakt	kwijtraken:v
reebokken	reebok:n
reebokje	reebok:n
uitwisselingsstudenten	uitwisselingsstudent:n
uitwisselingsstudentje	uitwisselingsstudent:n
uitwisselingen	uitwisseling:n
uitwisselingetje	uitwisseling:n
vectorfuncties	vectorfunctie:n
vectorfunctietje	vectorfunctie:n
paplepels	paplepel:n
paplepeltje	paplepel:n
essayeurs	essayeur:n
essayeurtje	essayeur:n
estafettes	estafette:n
estafettetje	estafette:n
loover	lover:n
draaimolens	draaimolen:n
draaimolentje	draaimolen:n
elco's	elco:n
elcootje	elco:n
konterfeitsels	konterfeitsel:n
konterfeitseltje	konterfeitsel:n
schaamde	schamen:v
schaamt	schamen:v
schaamden	schamen:v
schamend	schamen:v
geschaamd	schamen:v
minderheidskabinetten	minderheidskabinet:n
minderheidskabinetje	minderheidskabinet:n
minderheidsregeringen	minderheidsregering:n
minderheidsregerinkje	minderheidsregering:n
demissionaire	demissionair:a
flutten	flut:n
generieker	generiek:a
generiekst	generiek:a
generieke	generiek:a
generiekere	generiek:a
generiekste	generiek:a
idiotismen	idiotisme:n
idylles	idylle:n
idylletje	idylle:n
tweevouden	tweevoud:n
tweevoudje	tweevoud:n
ondergrondsen	ondergrondse:n
ondergrondsetje	ondergrondse:n
sadistischer	sadistisch:a
sadistischt	sadistisch:a
sadistische	sadistisch:a
sadistischere	sadistisch:a
sadistischte	sadistisch:a
polemarchen	polemarch:n
choppes	choppe:n
eendenkooien	eendenkooi:n
eendenkooitje	eendenkooi:n
inquisiteurs	inquisiteur:n
jeannetten	jeannette:n
jeannetje	jeannette:n
machinerieën	machinerie:n
machinerietje	machinerie:n
maïzena	maizena:n
kadavers	kadaver:n
kadavertje	kadaver:n
propyla	propylon:n
monoplans	monoplan:n
disselbomen	disselboom:n
disselboompje	disselboom:n
afscherm	afschermen:v
afschermde	afschermen:v
afschermt	afschermen:v
afschermden	afschermen:v
afschermend	afschermen:v
afgeschermd	afschermen:v
afschermingen	afscherming:n
afscherminkje	afscherming:n
teugen	teug:n
teugje	teug:n
passementen	passement:n
heidenser	heidens:a
heidenst	heidens:a
heidense	heidens:a
heidensere	heidens:a
heidenste	heidens:a
uitpuil	uitpuilen:v
uitpuilde	uitpuilen:v
uitpuilt	uitpuilen:v
uitpuilden	uitpuilen:v
uitpuilend	uitpuilen:v
uitgepuild	uitpuilen:v
tatta's	tatta:n
tattaatje	tatta:n
palissaden	palissade:n
palissades	palissade:n
leefgemeenschappen	leefgemeenschap:n
leefgemeenschapje	leefgemeenschap:n
postmodernismen	postmodernisme:n
profiteurs	profiteur:n
profiteurtje	profiteur:n
gewichtsverliezen	gewichtsverlies:n
gewichtsverliesje	gewichtsverlies:n
zonneschermen	zonnescherm:n
zonneschermpje	zonnescherm:n
zonweringen	zonwering:n
zonwerinkje	zonwering:n
rolgordijnen	rolgordijn:n
rolgordijntje	rolgordijn:n
rolluiken	rolluik:n
rolluikje	rolluik:n
windschermen	windscherm:n
windschermpje	windscherm:n
douchegordijnen	douchegordijn:n
douchegordijntje	douchegordijn:n
keukenrollen	keukenrol:n
keukenrolletje	keukenrol:n
metempsychosen	metempsychose:n
metempsychoses	metempsychose:n
contratenoren	contratenor:n
contratenors	contratenor:n
opladers	oplader:n
opladertje	oplader:n
bijenkorfjes	bijenkorfje:n
halsstarrigs	halsstarrig:a
onhandelbaars	onhandelbaar:a
murws	murw:a
vermurwe	vermurwen:v
echappere	echapperen:v
miezers	miezer:n
miezere	miezeren:v
motregene	motregenen:v
schifte	schiften:v
verscheide	verscheiden:v
hergroepere	hergroeperen:v
motorbote	motorboten:v
gewage	gewagen:v
dansbaarder	dansbaar:a
dansbaarst	dansbaar:a
dansbare	dansbaar:a
dansbaardere	dansbaar:a
dansbaarste	dansbaar:a
titreer	titreren:v
titreerde	titreren:v
titreert	titreren:v
titreerden	titreren:v
titrerend	titreren:v
getitreerd	titreren:v
titraties	titratie:n
titratietje	titratie:n
verbrandingsmotoren	verbrandingsmotor:n
verbrandingsmotortje	verbrandingsmotor:n
interpretabeler	interpretabel:a
interpretabelst	interpretabel:a
interpretabele	interpretabel:a
interpretabelere	interpretabel:a
interpretabelste	interpretabel:a
kelderdeuren	kelderdeur:n
kelderdeurtje	kelderdeur:n
fascistischer	fascistisch:a
fascistischt	fascistisch:a
fascistische	fascistisch:a
fascistischere	fascistisch:a
fascistischte	fascistisch:a
zendtijden	zendtijd:n
aanbetalingen	aanbetaling:n
aanbetalinkje	aanbetaling:n
hekeldichters	hekeldichter:n
hekeldichtertje	hekeldichter:n
hekeldichteressen	hekeldichteres:n
hekeldichteresje	hekeldichteres:n
conflictueuzer	conflictueus:a
conflictueust	conflictueus:a
conflictueuze	conflictueus:a
conflictueuzere	conflictueus:a
conflictueuste	conflictueus:a
gelijkrichters	gelijkrichter:n
gelijkrichtertje	gelijkrichter:n
gelijkricht	gelijkrichten:v
gelijkrichtte	gelijkrichten:v
gelijkrichtten	gelijkrichten:v
gelijkrichtend	gelijkrichten:v
gelijkgericht	gelijkrichten:v
identificaties	identificatie:n
gespte	gespen:v
gespt	gespen:v
gespten	gespen:v
gespend	gespen:v
gegespt	gespen:v
boerinnen	boerin:n
boerinnetje	boerin:n
belastingontwijkingen	belastingontwijking:n
filmmaaksters	filmmaakster:n
filmmaakstertje	filmmaakster:n
metselaarstertje	metselaarster:n
metselaarsters	metselaarster:n
verraderlijker	verraderlijk:a
verraderlijkst	verraderlijk:a
verraderlijke	verraderlijk:a
verraderlijkere	verraderlijk:a
verraderlijkste	verraderlijk:a
buschauffeuses	buschauffeuse:n
buschauffeusetje	buschauffeuse:n
curryketchups	curryketchup:n
curryketchupje	curryketchup:n
curryworsten	curryworst:n
curryworstje	curryworst:n
zwartrijders	zwartrijder:n
zwartrijdertje	zwartrijder:n
vreugd	vreugde:n
06-nummers	06-nummer:n
06-nummertje	06-nummer:n
maiskolven	maiskolf:n
maiskolfje	maiskolf:n
gestresst	gestrest:a|stressen:v
meubulair	meubilair:n
gekten	gekte:n
gektes	gekte:n
gektetje	gekte:n
meelij	medelijden:n
handelsmerken	handelsmerk:n
handelsmerkje	handelsmerk:n
inboedelverzekeringen	inboedelverzekering:n
inboedelverzekeringetje	inboedelverzekering:n
locatieven	locatief:n
locatiefje	locatief:n
instrumentalissen	instrumentalis:n
instrumentalisje	instrumentalis:n
angsthazen	angsthaas:n
angsthaasje	angsthaas:n
genant	gênant:a
kostenloos	kosteloos:a
flappentappen	flappentap:n
flappentapje	flappentap:n
aftap	aftappen:v
aftapte	aftappen:v
aftapt	aftappen:v
aftapten	aftappen:v
aftappend	aftappen:v
afgetapt	aftappen:v
aanloop	aanlopen:v
aanliep	aanlopen:v
aanloopt	aanlopen:v
aanliepen	aanlopen:v
aanlopend	aanlopen:v
aangelopen	aanlopen:v
goedde	goeden:v
goedt	goeden:v
goedden	goeden:v
goedend	goeden:v
gegoed	goeden:v
gegoede	gegoed:a
avonduren	avonduur:n
avonduurtje	avonduur:n
artieste	artiest:n
altviolistes	altvioliste:n
altviolistetje	altvioliste:n
avonturiersters	avonturierster:n
avonturierstertje	avonturierster:n
avitaminoses	avitaminose:n
bestrijdsters	bestrijdster:n
bestrijdstertje	bestrijdster:n
belijdsters	belijdster:n
belijdstertje	belijdster:n
bobbes	bobbe:n
archeologe	archeoloog:n
apenstaarten	apenstaart:n
langen	lang:a
taluds	talud:n
taludje	talud:n
beveiligsters	beveiligster:n
beveiligstertje	beveiligster:n
bevelhebsters	bevelhebster:n
bevelhebstertje	bevelhebster:n
baksters	bakster:n
bakstertje	bakster:n
bakkerinnen	bakkerin:n
bakkerinnetje	bakkerin:n
omroepsters	omroepster:n
omroepstertje	omroepster:n
oncologes	oncologe:n
oncologetje	oncologe:n
griffer	grif:a
grifst	grif:a
griffe	grif:a
griffere	grif:a
grifste	grif:a
reuzenraderen	reuzenrad:n
reuzenraden	reuzenrad:n
reuzenradje	reuzenrad:n
sojasauzen	sojasaus:n
sojasausje	sojasaus:n
kipsatés	kipsaté:n
kipsateetje	kipsaté:n
varkenssatés	varkenssaté:n
varkenssateetje	varkenssaté:n
satésauzen	satésaus:n
satésausje	satésaus:n
pindasauzen	pindasaus:n
pindasausje	pindasaus:n
opperhoofden	opperhoofd:n
opperhoofdje	opperhoofd:n
aanbouw	aanbouwen:v
aanbouwde	aanbouwen:v
aanbouwt	aanbouwen:v
aanbouwden	aanbouwen:v
aanbouwend	aanbouwen:v
aangebouwd	aanbouwen:v
fietssters	fietsster:n
fietsstertje	fietsster:n
besmeur	besmeuren:v
besmeurde	besmeuren:v
besmeurt	besmeuren:v
besmeurden	besmeuren:v
besmeurend	besmeuren:v
besmeurd	besmeuren:v
besmeer	besmeren:v
besmeerde	besmeren:v
besmeert	besmeren:v
besmeerden	besmeren:v
besmerend	besmeren:v
besmeerd	besmeren:v
zwartrij	zwartrijden:v
zwartrijd	zwartrijden:v
zwartreed	zwartrijden:v
zwartrijdt	zwartrijden:v
zwartreden	zwartrijden:v
zwartrijdend	zwartrijden:v
zwartgereden	zwartrijden:v
ijkbosonen	ijkboson:n
ijkbosonnetje	ijkboson:n
webpagina's	webpagina:n
webpaginaatje	webpagina:n
zoekmachineoptimalisaties	zoekmachineoptimalisatie:n
zelfmoordbrieven	zelfmoordbrief:n
zelfmoordbriefje	zelfmoordbrief:n
koopwaren	koopwaar:n
koopwaartje	koopwaar:n
welgangen	welgang:n
welgangetje	welgang:n
gewetensbeten	gewetensbeet:n
gewetensbeetje	gewetensbeet:n
wroegingen	wroeging:n
wroeginkje	wroeging:n
middenstijlen	middenstijl:n
middenstijltje	middenstijl:n
veldslangen	veldslang:n
veldslangetje	veldslang:n
ontraad	ontraden:v
ontraadde	ontraden:v
ontraadt	ontraden:v
ontraadden	ontraden:v
ontradend	ontraden:v
ontried	ontraden:v
ontrieden	ontraden:v
verweeg	verwegen:v
verwoog	verwegen:v
verweegt	verwegen:v
verwogen	verwegen:v
verwegend	verwegen:v
verweegde	verwegen:v
verweegden	verwegen:v
verweegd	verwegen:v
tureluurs	tureluur:n
tureluren	tureluur:n
tureluurtje	tureluur:n
tureluurser	tureluurs:a
tureluurst	tureluurs:a
tureluurse	tureluurs:a
tureluursere	tureluurs:a
tureluurste	tureluurs:a
ruilverkavelingen	ruilverkaveling:n
inpeper	inpeperen:v
inpeperde	inpeperen:v
inpepert	inpeperen:v
inpeperden	inpeperen:v
inpeperend	inpeperen:v
ingepeperd	inpeperen:v
kozijnen	kozijn:n
kozijntje	kozijn:n
typologieën	typologie:n
excuseer	excuseren:v
excuseerde	excuseren:v
excuseert	excuseren:v
excuseerden	excuseren:v
excuserend	excuseren:v
geëxcuseerd	excuseren:v
verontschuldigingen	verontschuldiging:n
verontschuldigingetje	verontschuldiging:n
röntgenstralingen	röntgenstraling:n
röntgenstralinkje	röntgenstraling:n
ondoden	ondode:n
trouwambtenaren	trouwambtenaar:n
trouwambtenaartje	trouwambtenaar:n
weigerambtenaren	weigerambtenaar:n
weigerambtenaartje	weigerambtenaar:n
weggebruikers	weggebruiker:n
weggebruikertje	weggebruiker:n
wegmisbruikers	wegmisbruiker:n
wegmisbruikertje	wegmisbruiker:n
drugsgebruikers	drugsgebruiker:n
drugsgebruikertje	drugsgebruiker:n
steradialen	steradiaal:n
steradiaaltje	steradiaal:n
radiale	radiaal:a
radialen	radiaal:n
radiaaltje	radiaal:n
verkeerswisselaars	verkeerswisselaar:n
verkeerswisselaartje	verkeerswisselaar:n
rimboes	rimboe:n
rimboetje	rimboe:n
wildernissen	wildernis:n
wildernisje	wildernis:n
fiksten	fiksen:v
fiksend	fiksen:v
gefikst	fiksen:v
autobanen	autobaan:n
autobaantje	autobaan:n
kliffen	klif:n
klifje	klif:n
levensechter	levensecht:a
levensechtst	levensecht:a
levensechte	levensecht:a
levensechtere	levensecht:a
levensechtste	levensecht:a
naastte	naasten:v
naastten	naasten:v
naastend	naasten:v
ophemel	ophemelen:v
ophemelde	ophemelen:v
ophemelt	ophemelen:v
ophemelden	ophemelen:v
ophemelend	ophemelen:v
opgehemeld	ophemelen:v
politieauto's	politieauto:n
politieautootje	politieauto:n
politiewagens	politiewagen:n
politiewagentje	politiewagen:n
privélessen	privéles:n
privélesje	privéles:n
scharrel	scharrelen:v
scharrelde	scharrelen:v
scharrelt	scharrelen:v
scharrelden	scharrelen:v
scharrelend	scharrelen:v
gescharreld	scharrelen:v
scharreleieren	scharrelei:n
scharreleitje	scharrelei:n
scharrelkippen	scharrelkip:n
scharrelkipje	scharrelkip:n
scharrelkippetje	scharrelkip:n
schoorsteenvegers	schoorsteenveger:n
schoorsteenvegertje	schoorsteenveger:n
vegers	veger:n
vegertje	veger:n
slaapmutsen	slaapmuts:n
slaapmutsje	slaapmuts:n
verontwaardig	verontwaardigen:v
verontwaardigde	verontwaardigen:v
verontwaardigt	verontwaardigen:v
verontwaardigden	verontwaardigen:v
verontwaardigend	verontwaardigen:v
verontwaardigd	verontwaardigen:v
voortvarender	voortvarend:a
voortvarendst	voortvarend:a
voortvarende	voortvarend:a
voortvarendere	voortvarend:a
voortvarendste	voortvarend:a
voortvarend	voortvaren:v
voortvaar	voortvaren:v
voortvoer	voortvaren:v
voortvaart	voortvaren:v
voortvoeren	voortvaren:v
voortgevaren	voortvaren:v
voortvaarde	voortvaren:v
voortvaarden	voortvaren:v
doortastender	doortastend:a
doortastendst	doortastend:a
doortastende	doortastend:a
doortastendere	doortastend:a
doortastendste	doortastend:a
voorwendselen	voorwendsel:n
voorwendseltje	voorwendsel:n
voorwend	voorwenden:v
voorwendde	voorwenden:v
voorwendt	voorwenden:v
voorwendden	voorwenden:v
voorwendend	voorwenden:v
voorgewend	voorwenden:v
bespotte	bespotten:v
bespottend	bespotten:v
therapieën	therapie:n
therapietje	therapie:n
loodvrije	loodvrij:a
avegaren	avegaar:n
avegaars	avegaar:n
avegaartje	avegaar:n
schuimfeesten	schuimfeest:n
schuimfeestje	schuimfeest:n
schuimparty's	schuimparty:n
schuimpartytje	schuimparty:n
Middelhoogduitse	Middelhoogduits:a
openingsceremonies	openingsceremonie:n
openingsceremonietje	openingsceremonie:n
gênante	gênant:a
lefgozers	lefgozer:n
lefgozertje	lefgozer:n
eigende	eigenen:v
eigent	eigenen:v
eigenden	eigenen:v
eigenend	eigenen:v
geëigend	eigenen:v
veedieven	veedief:n
veediefje	veedief:n
hongerstakingen	hongerstaking:n
hongerstakinkje	hongerstaking:n
pro-actief	proactief:a
proactiever	proactief:a
proactiefst	proactief:a
proactieve	proactief:a
proactievere	proactief:a
proactiefste	proactief:a
handgemenen	handgemeen:n
handgemeentje	handgemeen:n
haarballen	haarbal:n
haarballetje	haarbal:n
jasmijntheeën	jasmijnthee:n
japanologen	japanoloog:n|japanologe:n
japanoloogje	japanoloog:n
japanologes	japanologe:n
japanologetje	japanologe:n
ethnologe	etnologe:n
ethnoloog	etnoloog:n
jappenkampen	jappenkamp:n
jappenkampje	jappenkamp:n
jeugdboekenschrijvers	jeugdboekenschrijver:n
jeugdboekenschrijvertje	jeugdboekenschrijver:n
jeugdboekenschrijfsters	jeugdboekenschrijfster:n
jeugdboekenschrijfstertje	jeugdboekenschrijfster:n
kinderboekenschrijvers	kinderboekenschrijver:n
kinderboekenschrijvertje	kinderboekenschrijver:n
kinderboekenschrijfsters	kinderboekenschrijfster:n
kinderboekenschrijfstertje	kinderboekenschrijfster:n
jeugdboeken	jeugdboek:n
jeugdboekje	jeugdboek:n
jetskiërs	jetskiër:n
jetskiërtje	jetskiër:n
jetskiesters	jetskiester:n
jetskiestertje	jetskiester:n
jetskiede	jetskiën:v
jetskiet	jetskiën:v
jetskieden	jetskiën:v
jetskiënd	jetskiën:v
gejetskied	jetskiën:v
joggingbroeken	joggingbroek:n
joggingbroekje	joggingbroek:n
jongeheren	jongeheer:n
juryleden	jurylid:n
jurylidje	jurylid:n
jip-en-janneketaaltje	jip-en-janneketaal:n
bloeddiamanten	bloeddiamant:n
bloeddiamantje	bloeddiamant:n
conflictdiamanten	conflictdiamant:n
conflictdiamantje	conflictdiamant:n
Jip-en-Janneketaal	jip-en-janneketaal:n
wielren	wielrennen:v
wielrende	wielrennen:v
wielrent	wielrennen:v
wielrenden	wielrennen:v
wielrennend	wielrennen:v
gewielrend	wielrennen:v
baanwielrenners	baanwielrenner:n
baanwielrennertje	baanwielrenner:n
baanwielrensters	baanwielrenster:n
baanwielrenstertje	baanwielrenster:n
wielrensters	wielrenster:n
wielrenstertje	wielrenster:n
longslagaders	longslagader:n
longslagadertje	longslagader:n
zieneressen	zieneres:n
zieneresje	zieneres:n
zieners	ziener:n
zienertje	ziener:n
lekentaaltje	lekentaal:n
totempalen	totempaal:n
totempaaltje	totempaal:n
Utrechtenaren	Utrechtenaar:n
Utrechtenaartje	Utrechtenaar:n
Utrechters	Utrechter:n
Utrechtertje	Utrechter:n
glasbakken	glasbak:n
glasbakje	glasbak:n
scoubidous	scoubidou:n
scoubidoutje	scoubidou:n
zandbakken	zandbak:n
zandbakje	zandbak:n
dualissen	dualis:n
duales	dualis:n
aardse	aards:a
neuspeuter	neuspeuteren:v
neuspeuterde	neuspeuteren:v
neuspeutert	neuspeuteren:v
neuspeuterden	neuspeuteren:v
neuspeuterend	neuspeuteren:v
geneuspeuterd	neuspeuteren:v
sterrendagen	sterrendag:n
sterrendagje	sterrendag:n
zonnedagen	zonnedag:n
zonnedagje	zonnedag:n
declinaties	declinatie:n
kwalmen	kwalm:n
kwalmpje	kwalm:n
meerpalen	meerpaal:n
meerpaaltje	meerpaal:n
aanlegpalen	aanlegpaal:n
aanlegpaaltje	aanlegpaal:n
verkeerspalen	verkeerspaal:n
verkeerspaaltje	verkeerspaal:n
Perseïden	Perseïde:n
Perseïdetje	Perseïde:n
volmachten	volmacht:n
sterrenwachten	sterrenwacht:n
sterrenwachtje	sterrenwacht:n
observatoria	observatorium:n
observatoriums	observatorium:n
observatoriumpje	observatorium:n
wipkippen	wipkip:n
wipkipje	wipkip:n
plofkippen	plofkip:n
plofkipje	plofkip:n
eucharistieën	eucharistie:n
eucharistietje	eucharistie:n
eucharistievieringen	eucharistieviering:n
eucharistievierinkje	eucharistieviering:n
eucharistische	eucharistisch:a
luchtpompen	luchtpomp:n
luchtpompje	luchtpomp:n
paradijsvogels	paradijsvogel:n
paradijsvogeltje	paradijsvogel:n
slingeruurwerken	slingeruurwerk:n
slingeruurwerkje	slingeruurwerk:n
tafelbergen	tafelberg:n
tafelbergje	tafelberg:n
toekans	toekan:n
toekannetje	toekan:n
voermannen	voerman:n
voermannetje	voerman:n
waterslangen	waterslang:n
waterslangetje	waterslang:n
doggen	dog:n
dogje	dog:n
behinderder	behinderd:a
behinderdst	behinderd:a
behinderde	behinderd:a
behinderdere	behinderd:a
behinderdste	behinderd:a
andersvaliden	andersvalide:n
mindervaliden	mindervalide:n
lovertjes	lovertje:n
roomboters	roomboter:n
roombotertje	roomboter:n
busbestuurders	busbestuurder:n
busbestuurdertje	busbestuurder:n
heiiger	heiig:a
heiigst	heiig:a
heiige	heiig:a
heiigere	heiig:a
heiigste	heiig:a
uitprobeersels	uitprobeersel:n
uitprobeerseltje	uitprobeersel:n
teiltje	teil:n
heiigs	heiig:a
titrere	titreren:v
roostere	roosteren:v
besmeure	besmeuren:v
besmere	besmeren:v
foppe	foppen:v
excusere	excuseren:v
scharrele	scharrelen:v
scharrels	scharrel:n
scharreltje	scharrel:n
verontwaardige	verontwaardigen:v
monochrome	monochroom:a
dupliceer	dupliceren:v
dupliceerde	dupliceren:v
dupliceert	dupliceren:v
dupliceerden	dupliceren:v
duplicerend	dupliceren:v
gedupliceerd	dupliceren:v
duplicaten	duplicaat:n
duplicaatje	duplicaat:n
tertiaire	tertiair:a
drievouden	drievoud:n
drievoudje	drievoud:n
driekleuren	driekleur:n
driekleurtje	driekleur:n
drietanden	drietand:n
drietandje	drietand:n
drietallen	drietal:n
drietalletje	drietal:n
tweewielers	tweewieler:n
tweewielertje	tweewieler:n
driewielers	driewieler:n
driewielertje	driewieler:n
eenwielers	eenwieler:n
eenwielertje	eenwieler:n
muistromen	muistroom:n
muistroompje	muistroom:n
riviermonden	riviermond:n
riviermondje	riviermond:n
neonaten	neonaat:n
neonaatje	neonaat:n
nieuwgeborenen	nieuwgeborene:n
pasgeborenen	pasgeborene:n
geborenen	geborene:n
borelingen	boreling:n
borelingetje	boreling:n
borelinkje	boreling:n
ontvoerders	ontvoerder:n
ontvoerdertje	ontvoerder:n
verheilig	verheiligen:v
verheiligde	verheiligen:v
verheiligt	verheiligen:v
verheiligden	verheiligen:v
verheiligend	verheiligen:v
verheiligd	verheiligen:v
sacraliseer	sacraliseren:v
sacraliseerde	sacraliseren:v
sacraliseert	sacraliseren:v
sacraliseerden	sacraliseren:v
sacraliserend	sacraliseren:v
gesacraliseerd	sacraliseren:v
wereldstekkers	wereldstekker:n
wereldstekkertje	wereldstekker:n
reisstekkers	reisstekker:n
reisstekkertje	reisstekker:n
stroomomvormers	stroomomvormer:n
stroomomvormertje	stroomomvormer:n
stekkerdozen	stekkerdoos:n
stekkerdoosje	stekkerdoos:n
sybarieten	sybariet:n
sybarietje	sybariet:n
sluitredes	sluitrede:n
onophoudender	onophoudend:a
onophoudendst	onophoudend:a
onophoudende	onophoudend:a
onophoudendere	onophoudend:a
onophoudendste	onophoudend:a
infernaler	infernaal:a
infernaalst	infernaal:a
infernale	infernaal:a
infernalere	infernaal:a
infernaalste	infernaal:a
hellevuren	hellevuur:n
hellevuurtje	hellevuur:n
spindeltrappen	spindeltrap:n
spindeltrapje	spindeltrap:n
trappenhuizen	trappenhuis:n
trappenhuisje	trappenhuis:n
draaitrappen	draaitrap:n
draaitrapje	draaitrap:n
windeltrappen	windeltrap:n
windeltrapje	windeltrap:n
skype	skypen:v
skypete	skypen:v
skypet	skypen:v
skypeten	skypen:v
skypend	skypen:v
geskypet	skypen:v
pluimballen	pluimbal:n
pluimballetje	pluimbal:n
vederballen	vederbal:n
vederballetje	vederbal:n
paradigmawissels	paradigmawissel:n
paradigmawisseltje	paradigmawissel:n
paradigmawisselingen	paradigmawisseling:n
paradigmawisselingetje	paradigmawisseling:n
verloopstekkers	verloopstekker:n
verloopstekkertje	verloopstekker:n
tussenstekkers	tussenstekker:n
tussenstekkertje	tussenstekker:n
krijgsraden	krijgsraad:n
krijgsraadje	krijgsraad:n
krijgsgerechten	krijgsgerecht:n
krijgsgerechtje	krijgsgerecht:n
krijgsgevangenen	krijgsgevangene:n
oorlogsgevangenen	oorlogsgevangene:n
wreedheden	wreedheid:n
wreedheidje	wreedheid:n
wreedtes	wreedte:n
gruwzaamheden	gruwzaamheid:n
gruwzaamheidje	gruwzaamheid:n
omcirkel	omcirkelen:v
omcirkelde	omcirkelen:v
omcirkelt	omcirkelen:v
omcirkelden	omcirkelen:v
omcirkelend	omcirkelen:v
omcirkeld	omcirkelen:v
rijkswachten	rijkswacht:n
rijkswachtje	rijkswacht:n
schalde	schallen:v
schalt	schallen:v
schalden	schallen:v
schallend	schallen:v
geschald	schallen:v
vrijdommen	vrijdom:n
vaalten	vaalt:n
vaaltje	vaalt:n
mesthopen	mesthoop:n
mesthoopje	mesthoop:n
geren	geer:n
geertje	geer:n
wederhaal	wederhalen:v
wederhaalde	wederhalen:v
wederhaalt	wederhalen:v
wederhaalden	wederhalen:v
wederhalend	wederhalen:v
wederhaald	wederhalen:v
wederbeelden	wederbeeld:n
wederbeeldje	wederbeeld:n
reflecties	reflectie:n
reflectietje	reflectie:n
vlammenzeeën	vlammenzee:n
vlammenzeetje	vlammenzee:n
onderwerelden	onderwereld:n
onderwereldje	onderwereld:n
schimmenrijken	schimmenrijk:n
schimmenrijkje	schimmenrijk:n
dodenrijken	dodenrijk:n
boevenwerelden	boevenwereld:n
boevenwereldje	boevenwereld:n
misdaadwerelden	misdaadwereld:n
misdaadwereldje	misdaadwereld:n
duikboten	duikboot:n
duikbootje	duikboot:n
doodskoppen	doodskop:n
doodskopje	doodskop:n
doodskopvlaggen	doodskopvlag:n
doodshoofdvlaggen	doodshoofdvlag:n
doodshoofdvlagje	doodshoofdvlag:n
toondichters	toondichter:n
toondichtertje	toondichter:n
toondichteressen	toondichteres:n
toondichteresje	toondichteres:n
dichteressen	dichteres:n
dichteresje	dichteres:n
componiste	componist:n
horzels	horzel:n
horzeltje	horzel:n
stoottanden	stoottand:n
stoottandje	stoottand:n
werkeloze	werkeloos:a
zinspreuken	zinspreuk:n
zinspreukje	zinspreuk:n
levenswenden	levenswende:n
levenswendes	levenswende:n
Sintootje	Sinto:n
Waterlanders	Waterlander:n
glijvluchten	glijvlucht:n
glijvluchtje	glijvlucht:n
glijboten	glijboot:n
glijbootje	glijboot:n
boekstaven	boekstaaf:n
boekstaafje	boekstaaf:n
boekstaaf	boekstaven:v
gruwzamer	gruwzaam:a
gruwzaamst	gruwzaam:a
gruwzame	gruwzaam:a
gruwzamere	gruwzaam:a
gruwzaamste	gruwzaam:a
angstaanjagender	angstaanjagend:a
angstaanjagendst	angstaanjagend:a
angstaanjagende	angstaanjagend:a
angstaanjagendere	angstaanjagend:a
angstaanjagendste	angstaanjagend:a
vreesaanjagender	vreesaanjagend:a
vreesaanjagendst	vreesaanjagend:a
vreesaanjagende	vreesaanjagend:a
vreesaanjagendere	vreesaanjagend:a
vreesaanjagendste	vreesaanjagend:a
afschrikken	afschrik:n
afschrikje	afschrik:n
angstwekkender	angstwekkend:a
angstwekkendst	angstwekkend:a
angstwekkende	angstwekkend:a
angstwekkendere	angstwekkend:a
angstwekkendste	angstwekkend:a
schrikwekkender	schrikwekkend:a
schrikwekkendst	schrikwekkend:a
schrikwekkende	schrikwekkend:a
schrikwekkendere	schrikwekkend:a
schrikwekkendste	schrikwekkend:a
ijzingwekkender	ijzingwekkend:a
ijzingwekkendst	ijzingwekkend:a
ijzingwekkende	ijzingwekkend:a
ijzingwekkendere	ijzingwekkend:a
ijzingwekkendste	ijzingwekkend:a
schatbewaarders	schatbewaarder:n
schatbewaardertje	schatbewaarder:n
thesauriers	thesaurier:n
thesauriertje	thesaurier:n
schatmeesters	schatmeester:n
schatmeestertje	schatmeester:n
wanmolens	wanmolen:n
wanmolentje	wanmolen:n
handwanmolens	handwanmolen:n
handwanmolentje	handwanmolen:n
verkommer	verkommeren:v
verkommerde	verkommeren:v
verkommert	verkommeren:v
verkommerden	verkommeren:v
verkommerend	verkommeren:v
verkommerd	verkommeren:v
hemelwijde	hemelwijd:a
verzameldrangen	verzameldrang:n
verzameldrangetje	verzameldrang:n
verzamelwoedes	verzamelwoede:n
erodeer	eroderen:v
erodeerde	eroderen:v
erodeert	eroderen:v
erodeerden	eroderen:v
eroderend	eroderen:v
geërodeerd	eroderen:v
corrodeer	corroderen:v
corrodeerde	corroderen:v
corrodeert	corroderen:v
corrodeerden	corroderen:v
corroderend	corroderen:v
gecorrodeerd	corroderen:v
uithol	uithollen:v
uitholde	uithollen:v
uitholt	uithollen:v
uitholden	uithollen:v
uithollend	uithollen:v
uitgehold	uithollen:v
tuchtroeden	tuchtroede:n
tuchtroedes	tuchtroede:n
tuchtroedetje	tuchtroede:n
donderroeden	donderroede:n
donderroedes	donderroede:n
donderroedetje	donderroede:n
donderroe	donderroede:n
aanvreet	aanvreten:v
aanvrat	aanvreten:v
aanvraten	aanvreten:v
aanvretend	aanvreten:v
aangevreten	aanvreten:v
bliksemafleiders	bliksemafleider:n
bliksemafleidertje	bliksemafleider:n
weerlichten	weerlicht:n
weerlichtje	weerlicht:n
dwarsgangen	dwarsgang:n
dwarsgangetje	dwarsgang:n
pandgangen	pandgang:n
pandgangetje	pandgang:n
lotenverkoopsters	lotenverkoopster:n
lotenverkoopstertje	lotenverkoopster:n
plengoffers	plengoffer:n
plengoffertje	plengoffer:n
lotenverkopers	lotenverkoper:n
lotenverkopertje	lotenverkoper:n
orkinnen	orkin:n
orkinnetje	orkin:n
vermeteler	vermetel:a
vermetelst	vermetel:a
vermetele	vermetel:a
vermetelere	vermetel:a
vermetelste	vermetel:a
vermetener	vermeten:a
vermetenst	vermeten:a
vermetenste	vermeten:a
zakencijfers	zakencijfer:n
zakencijfertje	zakencijfer:n
omdraaiingen	omdraaiing:n
omdraaiinkje	omdraaiing:n
sigarettenjongens	sigarettenjongen:n
sigarettenjongetje	sigarettenjongen:n
toeristencampagnes	toeristencampagne:n
toeristencampagnetje	toeristencampagne:n
reclamecampagnes	reclamecampagne:n
reclamecampagnetje	reclamecampagne:n
evenwoorden	evenwoord:n
evenwoordje	evenwoord:n
deemoedig	deemoedigen:v
deemoedigde	deemoedigen:v
deemoedigt	deemoedigen:v
deemoedigden	deemoedigen:v
deemoedigend	deemoedigen:v
gedeemoedigd	deemoedigen:v
machtsovernemers	machtsovernemer:n
machtsovernemertje	machtsovernemer:n
mezenkooien	mezenkooi:n
mezenkooitje	mezenkooi:n
mannetjeseenden	mannetjeseend:n
mannetjeseendje	mannetjeseend:n
vertebraten	vertebraat:n
vertebraatje	vertebraat:n
kwaadwillender	kwaadwillend:a
kwaadwillendst	kwaadwillend:a
kwaadwillende	kwaadwillend:a
kwaadwillendere	kwaadwillend:a
kwaadwillendste	kwaadwillend:a
islamistischer	islamistisch:a
islamistischt	islamistisch:a
islamistische	islamistisch:a
islamistischere	islamistisch:a
islamistischte	islamistisch:a
archaïsmen	archaïsme:n
archaïsmetje	archaïsme:n
wimpels	wimpel:n
wimpeltje	wimpel:n
klipdassen	klipdas:n
klipdasje	klipdas:n
framerates	framerate:n
japonnen	japon:n
japonnetje	japon:n
rillingen	rilling:n
rillinkje	rilling:n
chicaneurs	chicaneur:n
tegenvallertjes	tegenvallertje:n
meevallers	meevaller:n
meevallertje	meevaller:n
Kirovograd	Kirovohrad:m
Ternopol	Ternopil:m
Rovno	Rivne:m
gewichtlozer	gewichtloos:a
gewichtloost	gewichtloos:a
gewichtloze	gewichtloos:a
gewichtlozere	gewichtloos:a
gewichtlooste	gewichtloos:a
opgelatener	opgelaten:a
opgelatenst	opgelaten:a
opgelatenste	opgelaten:a
rijstpapieren	rijstpapier:n
rijstpapiertje	rijstpapier:n
duffer	duf:a
dufst	duf:a
duffe	duf:a
duffere	duf:a
dufste	duf:a
zeepstenen	zeepsteen:n
zeepsteentje	zeepsteen:n
schoenneuzen	schoenneus:n
schoenneusje	schoenneus:n
bewerkelijker	bewerkelijk:a
bewerkelijkst	bewerkelijk:a
bewerkelijke	bewerkelijk:a
bewerkelijkere	bewerkelijk:a
bewerkelijkste	bewerkelijk:a
goedgeefser	goedgeefs:a
goedgeefst	goedgeefs:a
goedgeefse	goedgeefs:a
goedgeefsere	goedgeefs:a
goedgeefste	goedgeefs:a
drakenvruchten	drakenvrucht:n
lichaamsdelen	lichaamsdeel:n
lichaamsdeeltje	lichaamsdeel:n
actionisten	actionist:n
actionistje	actionist:n
hoekversnellingen	hoekversnelling:n
hoekversnellinkje	hoekversnelling:n
journalistische	journalistisch:a
twens	twen:n
r.s.v.p.'s	r.s.v.p.:n
r.s.v.p.'tje	r.s.v.p.:n
schame	schamen:v
speurtochten	speurtocht:n
speurtochtje	speurtocht:n
mederijen	mederij:n
mederijtje	mederij:n
moffenzeven	moffenzeef:n
moffenzeefje	moffenzeef:n
buikvinnige	buikvinnig:a
biechtspiegels	biechtspiegel:n
biechtspiegeltje	biechtspiegel:n
braaide	braaien:v
braait	braaien:v
braaiden	braaien:v
braaiend	braaien:v
gebraaid	braaien:v
afspeellijsten	afspeellijst:n
afspeellijstje	afspeellijst:n
germanen	germaan:n
lebmagen	lebmaag:n
lebmaagje	lebmaag:n
weesfietsen	weesfiets:n
weesfietsje	weesfiets:n
pedagogische	pedagogisch:a
euveler	euvel:a
euvelst	euvel:a
euvele	euvel:a
euvelere	euvel:a
euvelste	euvel:a
euvelen	euvel:n
euvels	euvel:n|euvel:a
euveltje	euvel:n
landweren	landweer:n
landweertje	landweer:n
landsverdedigingen	landsverdediging:n
landsverdediginkje	landsverdediging:n
landweermannen	landweerman:n
landweerlieden	landweerman:n
landweerlui	landweerman:n
landweermannetje	landweerman:n
vierdelen	vierdeel:n
vierdeeltje	vierdeel:n
onheiliger	onheilig:a
onheiligst	onheilig:a
onheilige	onheilig:a
onheiligere	onheilig:a
onheiligste	onheilig:a
ontheilig	ontheiligen:v
ontheiligde	ontheiligen:v
ontheiligt	ontheiligen:v
ontheiligden	ontheiligen:v
ontheiligend	ontheiligen:v
ontheiligd	ontheiligen:v
heleres	heler:n
genezeres	genezer:n
genezers	genezer:n
genezertje	genezer:n
kemde	kemmen:v
kemt	kemmen:v
kemden	kemmen:v
kemmend	kemmen:v
gekemd	kemmen:v
theelichten	theelicht:n
theelichtje	theelicht:n
rapmuziekje	rapmuziek:n
popmuziekje	popmuziek:n
Lappen	Lap:n
Lapje	Lap:n
gordde	gorden:v
gordt	gorden:v
gordden	gorden:v
gordend	gorden:v
gegord	gorden:v
googlen	googelen:v
duigen	duig:n
duigje	duig:n
spuide	spuien:v
spuiden	spuien:v
spuiend	spuien:v
gespuid	spuien:v
precairder	precair:a
precairst	precair:a
precaire	precair:a
precairdere	precair:a
precairste	precair:a
huismussen	huismus:n
huismusje	huismus:n
stervelingen	sterveling:n
stervelingetje	sterveling:n|stervelinge:n
vapers	vaper:n
groothonderden	groothonderd:n
grootduizenden	grootduizend:n
Divali	Diwali:m
armillaria	armillarium:n
tengeltje	tengel:n
immen	imme:n
immetje	imme:n
immenhuiven	immenhuif:n
immenhuifje	immenhuif:n
bijenhuiven	bijenhuif:n
bijenhuifje	bijenhuif:n
bijennesten	bijennest:n
bijennestje	bijennest:n
immenkorven	immenkorf:n
immenkorfje	immenkorf:n
bijenzwermen	bijenzwerm:n
bijenzwermpje	bijenzwerm:n
bijendrommen	bijendrom:n
bijendrommetje	bijendrom:n
immenvelden	immenveld:n
immenveldje	immenveld:n
caissière	kassière:n
inwijkingen	inwijking:n
inwijkinkje	inwijking:n
uitwijkingen	uitwijking:n
uitwijkinkje	uitwijking:n
uitgewekenen	uitgewekene:n
ingewekenen	ingewekene:n
veenbranden	veenbrand:n
veenbrandje	veenbrand:n
ruiterijen	ruiterij:n
ruiterijtje	ruiterij:n
marburgvirussen	marburgvirus:n
hommers	hommer:n
hommertje	hommer:n
heropleef	heropleven:v
heropleefde	heropleven:v
heropleeft	heropleven:v
heropleefden	heropleven:v
heroplevend	heropleven:v
heropgeleefd	heropleven:v
tienjarige	tienjarig:a
skelters	skelter:n
skeltertje	skelter:n
onfrank.	Oudnederfrankisch:m
ohd.	Oudhoogduits:m
mhd.	Middelhoogduits:a
nhd.	Nieuwhoogduits:m
os.	Oudsaksisch:m
mnd.	Middelnederduits:m
oe.	Oudengels:m
landdrosten	landdrost:n
muishonden	muishond:n
muishondje	muishond:n
bergwinden	bergwind:n
petala	petalum:n
broekies	broekie:n
knijven	knijf:n
knijfje	knijf:n
vorstendommen	vorstendom:n
vorstendomtje	vorstendom:n
lomps	lomp:a
duplicere	dupliceren:v
ontrade	ontraden:v
ontriede	ontraden:v
ontriedt	ontraden:v
verheilige	verheiligen:v
sacralisere	sacraliseren:v
schalle	schallen:v
wederhale	wederhalen:v
kemme	kemmen:v
hername	hernemen:v
hernaamt	hernemen:v
herneme	hernemen:v
beriede	beraden:v
beriedt	beraden:v
berade	beraden:v
gedroege	gedragen:v
gedrage	gedragen:v
gedroegt	gedragen:v
rije	rijen:v
specialisere	specialiseren:v
verhielde	verhouden:v
verhoude	verhouden:v
verhieldt	verhouden:v
verklede	verkleden:v
veroorlove	veroorloven:v
verschreeft	verschrijven:v
verschrijve	verschrijven:v
verschreve	verschrijven:v
versliepe	verslapen:v
verslape	verslapen:v
versliept	verslapen:v
verslikke	verslikken:v
wurme	wurmen:v
gorde	gorden:v
spuie	spuien:v
snoezele	snoezelen:v
muilkorve	muilkorven:v
doctorandi	doctorandus:n
doctorandussen	doctorandus:n
doctorandusje	doctorandus:n
HAP	huisartsenpost:n
gebruikersovereenkomsten	gebruikersovereenkomst:n
gebruikersovereenkomstje	gebruikersovereenkomst:n
houvasten	houvast:n
aanraakschermen	aanraakscherm:n
aanraakschermpje	aanraakscherm:n
navelstrengen	navelstreng:n
navelstrengetje	navelstreng:n
navelsnoeren	navelsnoer:n
navelsnoertje	navelsnoer:n
schietpartijen	schietpartij:n
schietpartijtje	schietpartij:n
boelekes	boeleke:n
booswichten	booswicht:n
booswichtje	booswicht:n
wichten	wicht:n
wichtje	wicht:n
aasgieren	aasgier:n
aasgiertje	aasgier:n
beambten	beambte:n
beambtes	beambte:n
bosbedrijven	bosbedrijf:n
bosbedrijfje	bosbedrijf:n
boswachters	boswachter:n
boswachtertje	boswachter:n
tweedekkers	tweedekker:n
tweedekkertje	tweedekker:n
dubbeldekkers	dubbeldekker:n
dubbeldekkertje	dubbeldekker:n
longvissen	longvis:n
longvisje	longvis:n
ponjaarden	ponjaard:n
ponjaards	ponjaard:n
ponjaardje	ponjaard:n
hoekballen	hoekbal:n
hoekballetje	hoekbal:n
roerlozer	roerloos:a
roerloost	roerloos:a
roerloze	roerloos:a
roerlozere	roerloos:a
roerlooste	roerloos:a
goei	goed:a
Drentse	Drents:a
Twentser	Twents:a
Twentst	Twents:a
Twentse	Twents:a
Twentsere	Twents:a
Twentste	Twents:a
Sallandse	Sallands:a
deurklinken	deurklink:n
deurklinkje	deurklink:n
neerplof	neerploffen:v
neerplofte	neerploffen:v
neerploft	neerploffen:v
neerploften	neerploffen:v
neerploffend	neerploffen:v
neergeploft	neerploffen:v
kempen	kampen:v
valkuilen	valkuil:n
valkuiltje	valkuil:n
everjongen	everjong:n
wrattenzwijnen	wrattenzwijn:n
wrattenzwijntje	wrattenzwijn:n
knobbelzwijnen	knobbelzwijn:n
knobbelzwijntje	knobbelzwijn:n
zaagtandgolven	zaagtandgolf:n
zaagtandgolfje	zaagtandgolf:n
blokgolven	blokgolf:n
blokgolfje	blokgolf:n
driehoeksgolven	driehoeksgolf:n
waterspuwers	waterspuwer:n
waterspuwertje	waterspuwer:n
waterhozen	waterhoos:n
waterhoosje	waterhoos:n
spuwers	spuwer:n
spuwertje	spuwer:n
spuwsters	spuwster:n
spuwstertje	spuwster:n
vuurspuwers	vuurspuwer:n
vuurspuwertje	vuurspuwer:n
doemprofeten	doemprofeet:n
ondergangsprofeten	ondergangsprofeet:n
ondergangsprofeetje	ondergangsprofeet:n
ondergangsprofetessen	ondergangsprofetes:n
ondergangsprofetesje	ondergangsprofetes:n
spouwers	spouwer:n
spouwertje	spouwer:n
spouw	spouwen:v
spouwde	spouwen:v
spouwt	spouwen:v
spouwden	spouwen:v
spouwend	spouwen:v
gespouwd	spouwen:v
gespouwen	spouwen:v
zwarteters	zwarteter:n
zwartetertje	zwarteter:n
zwartwerkers	zwartwerker:n
zwartwerkertje	zwartwerker:n
zwartkijkers	zwartkijker:n
zwartkijkertje	zwartkijker:n
sneeuwmannen	sneeuwman:n
sneeuwmannetje	sneeuwman:n
sneeuwvrouwen	sneeuwvrouw:n
sneeuwvrouwtje	sneeuwvrouw:n
dagdelen	dagdeel:n
dagdeeltje	dagdeel:n
ochtendschemeringen	ochtendschemering:n
ochtendschemeringetje	ochtendschemering:n
avondschemeringen	avondschemering:n
avondschemeringetje	avondschemering:n
grijsrij	grijsrijden:v
grijsrijd	grijsrijden:v
grijsreed	grijsrijden:v
grijsrijdt	grijsrijden:v
grijsreden	grijsrijden:v
grijsrijdend	grijsrijden:v
grijsgereden	grijsrijden:v
hondenlijnen	hondenlijn:n
hondenlijntje	hondenlijn:n
hondenbrokken	hondenbrok:n
hondenbrokje	hondenbrok:n
amerikaniseer	amerikaniseren:v
amerikaniseerde	amerikaniseren:v
amerikaniseert	amerikaniseren:v
amerikaniseerden	amerikaniseren:v
amerikaniserend	amerikaniseren:v
geamerikaniseerd	amerikaniseren:v
babbelkousen	babbelkous:n
babbelkousje	babbelkous:n
sneeuwballengevechten	sneeuwballengevecht:n
sneeuwballengevechtje	sneeuwballengevecht:n
spionnes	spionne:n
dubbelspionne	dubbelspion:n
dubbelspionnen	dubbelspion:n
dubbelagenten	dubbelagent:n
dubbelagentje	dubbelagent:n
dubbelagentes	dubbelagente:n
politieagente	politieagent:n
jongdemente	jongdement:a
instuiven	instuif:n
instuifje	instuif:n
huiswarmingen	huiswarming:n
huiswarminkje	huiswarming:n
littekenweefsels	littekenweefsel:n
littekenweefselen	littekenweefsel:n
littekenweefseltje	littekenweefsel:n
bijtijdse	bijtijds:a
intijdse	intijds:a
tussentijden	tussentijd:n
tussentijdje	tussentijd:n
liefdevoller	liefdevol:a
liefdevolst	liefdevol:a
liefdevolle	liefdevol:a
liefdevollere	liefdevol:a
liefdevolste	liefdevol:a
neolithische	neolithisch:a
draadschaartjes	draadschaartje:n
draadscharen	draadschaar:n
draadschaartje	draadschaar:n
wereldzeeën	wereldzee:n
wereldzeetje	wereldzee:n
buitengaatse	buitengaats:a
morgengaven	morgengave:n
morgengaves	morgengave:n
morgengaafje	morgengave:n
morgengavetje	morgengave:n
kruimeldieven	kruimeldief:n
kruimeldiefje	kruimeldief:n
kruimeldievegges	kruimeldievegge:n
kruimeldieveggen	kruimeldievegge:n
kruimeldieveggetje	kruimeldievegge:n
kruimels	kruimel:n
kruimeltje	kruimel:n
plees	plee:n
pleetje	plee:n
trendbreuken	trendbreuk:n
trendbreukje	trendbreuk:n
beurtbalken	beurtbalk:n
microgolfovens	microgolfoven:n
microgolfoventje	microgolfoven:n
magnetronovens	magnetronoven:n
magnetronoventje	magnetronoven:n
microgolven	microgolf:n
microgolfje	microgolf:n
gesterntes	gesternte:n
gesternten	gesternte:n
bullenpezen	bullenpees:n
bullenpeesje	bullenpees:n
echt	echten:v
echtte	echten:v
echtten	echten:v
echtend	echten:v
geëcht	echten:v
festeren	fêteren:v
blank	blanken:v
blankte	blanken:v
blankt	blanken:v
blankten	blanken:v
blankend	blanken:v
geblankt	blanken:v
klunzen	kluns:n
klunsje	kluns:n
geil	geilen:v
geilde	geilen:v
geilt	geilen:v
geilden	geilen:v
geilend	geilen:v
gegeild	geilen:v
stoflongen	stoflong:n
stoflongetje	stoflong:n
leng	lengen:v
lengde	lengen:v
lengt	lengen:v
lengden	lengen:v
lengend	lengen:v
gelengd	lengen:v
toverijen	toverij:n
toverijtje	toverij:n
zwartdenkers	zwartdenker:n
zwartdenkertje	zwartdenker:n
halfhartiger	halfhartig:a
halfhartigst	halfhartig:a
halfhartige	halfhartig:a
halfhartigere	halfhartig:a
halfhartigste	halfhartig:a
Goudlokjesgebieden	Goudlokjesgebied:n
Goudlokjesgebiedje	Goudlokjesgebied:n
halfslachtiger	halfslachtig:a
halfslachtigst	halfslachtig:a
halfslachtige	halfslachtig:a
halfslachtigere	halfslachtig:a
halfslachtigste	halfslachtig:a
maharadja's	maharadja:n
maharadjaatje	maharadja:n
analytischer	analytisch:a
analytischt	analytisch:a
analytische	analytisch:a
analytischere	analytisch:a
analytischte	analytisch:a
stookte	stoken:v
stookt	stoken:v
stookten	stoken:v
stokend	stoken:v
gestookt	stoken:v
duivers	duiver:n
duivertje	duiver:n
mecenassen	mecenas:n
mecenasje	mecenas:n
werksters	werkster:n
werkstertje	werkster:n
werkbijen	werkbij:n
werkbijtje	werkbij:n
bijenkoninginnen	bijenkoningin:n
bijenkoninginnetje	bijenkoningin:n
kattenjongen	kattenjong:n
elektrostatische	elektrostatisch:a
energetische	energetisch:a
looie	looien:v
klaar	klaren:v
klaarde	klaren:v
klaart	klaren:v
klaarden	klaren:v
klarend	klaren:v
geklaard	klaren:v
overuitgaven	overuitgave:n
overuitgaves	overuitgave:n
overuitgavetje	overuitgave:n
overuitgaafje	overuitgave:n
onderuitgaven	onderuitgave:n
onderuitgaves	onderuitgave:n
onderuitgavetje	onderuitgave:n
onderuitgaafje	onderuitgave:n
relativistische	relativistisch:a
bromvliegen	bromvlieg:n
bromvliegje	bromvlieg:n
aasvliegen	aasvlieg:n
aasvliegje	aasvlieg:n
fruitvliegen	fruitvlieg:n
fruitvliegje	fruitvlieg:n
sneedhamers	sneedhamer:n
sneedhamertje	sneedhamer:n
confederaties	confederatie:n
confederatietje	confederatie:n
statenbonden	statenbond:n
statenbondje	statenbond:n
bondsstaten	bondsstaat:n
bondsstaatje	bondsstaat:n
staartsterren	staartster:n
staartsterretje	staartster:n
verlief	verlieven:v
verlieft	verlieven:v
verliefden	verlieven:v
verlievend	verlieven:v
piratenzenders	piratenzender:n
piratenzendertje	piratenzender:n
slaatjes	slaatje:n
vonkelwijnen	vonkelwijn:n
vonkelwijntje	vonkelwijn:n
schuimwijnen	schuimwijn:n
schuimwijntje	schuimwijn:n
plebanen	plebaan:n
technologische	technologisch:a
prophylactischer	prophylactisch:a
prophylactischt	prophylactisch:a
prophylactische	prophylactisch:a
prophylactischere	prophylactisch:a
prophylactischte	prophylactisch:a
bubbelwijnen	bubbelwijn:n
bubbelwijntje	bubbelwijn:n
snaken	snaak:n
snaakje	snaak:n
burgerinnen	burgerin:n
burgerinnetje	burgerin:n
waardinnen	waardin:n
waardinnetje	waardin:n
komkommertijden	komkommertijd:n
warm	warmen:v
warmde	warmen:v
warmt	warmen:v
warmden	warmen:v
warmend	warmen:v
gewarmd	warmen:v
lichaamstemperaturen	lichaamstemperatuur:n
lichaamstemperatuurtje	lichaamstemperatuur:n
braveer	braveren:v
braveerde	braveren:v
braveert	braveren:v
braveerden	braveren:v
braverend	braveren:v
gebraveerd	braveren:v
werkschuwer	werkschuw:a
werkschuwst	werkschuw:a
werkschuwe	werkschuw:a
werkschuwere	werkschuw:a
werkschuwste	werkschuw:a
lommerds	lommerd:n
lommerdje	lommerd:n
pitspoezen	pitspoes:n
pitspoesje	pitspoes:n
intensiveer	intensiveren:v
intensiveerde	intensiveren:v
intensiveert	intensiveren:v
intensiveerden	intensiveren:v
intensiverend	intensiveren:v
geïntensiveerd	intensiveren:v
wereldbranden	wereldbrand:n
wereldbrandje	wereldbrand:n
nestwarmtes	nestwarmte:n
grofgreinen	grofgrein:n
grofgreintje	grofgrein:n
wereldkrijgen	wereldkrijg:n
wereldkrijgje	wereldkrijg:n
behapbaarder	behapbaar:a
behapbaarst	behapbaar:a
behapbare	behapbaar:a
behapbaardere	behapbaar:a
behapbaarste	behapbaar:a
beheerbaarder	beheerbaar:a
beheerbaarst	beheerbaar:a
beheerbare	beheerbaar:a
beheerbaardere	beheerbaar:a
beheerbaarste	beheerbaar:a
goednieuwsshows	goednieuwsshow:n
goednieuwsshowtje	goednieuwsshow:n
vastvoetiger	vastvoetig:a
vastvoetigst	vastvoetig:a
vastvoetige	vastvoetig:a
vastvoetigere	vastvoetig:a
vastvoetigste	vastvoetig:a
zelfzekerder	zelfzeker:a
zelfzekerst	zelfzeker:a
zelfzekere	zelfzeker:a
zelfzekerdere	zelfzeker:a
zelfzekerste	zelfzeker:a
Pergamon	Pergamum:m
wanboffers	wanboffer:n
wanboffertje	wanboffer:n
aandachtshoeren	aandachtshoer:n
aandachtshoertje	aandachtshoer:n
naamwoordstijlen	naamwoordstijl:n
naamwoordstijltje	naamwoordstijl:n
elektrolytische	elektrolytisch:a
kortelingser	kortelings:a
kortelingst	kortelings:a
kortelingse	kortelings:a
kortelingsere	kortelings:a
kortelingste	kortelings:a
winterdips	winterdip:n
winterdipje	winterdip:n
winterdepressies	winterdepressie:n
winterdepressietje	winterdepressie:n
contrabandiers	contrabandier:n
haardrogers	haardroger:n
haardrogertje	haardroger:n
nederdalen	neerdalen:v
staatsgeheimen	staatsgeheim:n
staatsgeheimpje	staatsgeheim:n
schattiger	schattig:a
schattigst	schattig:a
schattige	schattig:a
schattigere	schattig:a
schattigste	schattig:a
snoeziger	snoezig:a
snoezigst	snoezig:a
snoezige	snoezig:a
snoezigere	snoezig:a
snoezigste	snoezig:a
beeldiger	beeldig:a
beeldigst	beeldig:a
beeldige	beeldig:a
beeldigere	beeldig:a
beeldigste	beeldig:a
stedewaartse	stedewaarts:a
windwaartse	windwaarts:a
loefwaartse	loefwaarts:a
taalleemten	taalleemte:n
taalleemtes	taalleemte:n
treurspelen	treurspel:n
treurspelletje	treurspel:n
anorganischer	anorganisch:a
anorganischt	anorganisch:a
anorganische	anorganisch:a
anorganischere	anorganisch:a
anorganischte	anorganisch:a
onhoorbare	onhoorbaar:a
stoffers	stoffer:n
stoffertje	stoffer:n
vachten	vacht:n
vachtje	vacht:n
toxischer	toxisch:a
toxischt	toxisch:a
toxische	toxisch:a
toxischere	toxisch:a
toxischte	toxisch:a
fotosoep	fotosoepen:v
fotosoepte	fotosoepen:v
fotosoept	fotosoepen:v
fotosoepten	fotosoepen:v
fotosoepend	fotosoepen:v
gefotosoept	fotosoepen:v
allotropen	allotroop:n
ijsregens	ijsregen:n
ijsregentje	ijsregen:n
hagelkorrels	hagelkorrel:n
hagelkorreltje	hagelkorrel:n
hagelstenen	hagelsteen:n
hagelsteentje	hagelsteen:n
waterkanonnen	waterkanon:n
waterkanonnetje	waterkanon:n
avondmensen	avondmens:n
avondmensje	avondmens:n
enzymatische	enzymatisch:a
symbiotische	symbiotisch:a
belevingen	beleving:n
belevinkje	beleving:n
patenteer	patenteren:v
patenteerde	patenteren:v
patenteert	patenteren:v
patenteerden	patenteren:v
patenterend	patenteren:v
gepatenteerd	patenteren:v
myelogrammen	myelogram:n
myelogrammetje	myelogram:n
filmregisseuses	filmregisseuse:n
filmregisseusetje	filmregisseuse:n
regisseuses	regisseuse:n
regisseusetje	regisseuse:n
filologes	filologe:n
filologetje	filologe:n
filmproducentes	filmproducente:n
filmproducentetje	filmproducente:n
privaten	privaat:n
slaapwandel	slaapwandelen:v
slaapwandelde	slaapwandelen:v
slaapwandelt	slaapwandelen:v
slaapwandelden	slaapwandelen:v
slaapwandelend	slaapwandelen:v
geslaapwandeld	slaapwandelen:v
ethici	ethicus:n
Schaerbeek	Schaarbeek:m
neerdaal	neerdalen:v
neerdaalde	neerdalen:v
neerdaalt	neerdalen:v
neerdaalden	neerdalen:v
neerdalend	neerdalen:v
neergedaald	neerdalen:v
epileptische	epileptisch:a
wisseltonige	wisseltonig:a
gelijktonige	gelijktonig:a
feministes	feministe:n
plavuizen	plavuis:n
plavuisje	plavuis:n
getijdenverschillen	getijdenverschil:n
getijdenverschilletje	getijdenverschil:n
opschep	opscheppen:v
opschepte	opscheppen:v
opschept	opscheppen:v
opschepten	opscheppen:v
opscheppend	opscheppen:v
opgeschept	opscheppen:v
opscheppers	opschepper:n
opscheppertje	opschepper:n
jetsers	jetser:n
jetsertje	jetser:n
permanent	permanenten:v
permanentte	permanenten:v
permanentten	permanenten:v
permanentend	permanenten:v
gepermanent	permanenten:v
hierin	in:d
veredel	veredelen:v
veredelde	veredelen:v
veredelt	veredelen:v
veredelden	veredelen:v
veredelend	veredelen:v
veredeld	veredelen:v
passende	passend:a
basklarinetten	basklarinet:n
ootmoediger	ootmoedig:a
ootmoedigst	ootmoedig:a
ootmoedige	ootmoedig:a
ootmoedigere	ootmoedig:a
ootmoedigste	ootmoedig:a
martyrologia	martyrologium:n
martyrologieën	martyrologie:n
barbier	barbieren:v
barbierde	barbieren:v
barbiert	barbieren:v
barbierden	barbieren:v
barbierend	barbieren:v
gebarbierd	barbieren:v
gezangen	gezang:n
gezangetje	gezang:n
kazuifels	kazuifel:n
kazuifeltje	kazuifel:n
metallurgischer	metallurgisch:a
metallurgischt	metallurgisch:a
metallurgische	metallurgisch:a
metallurgischere	metallurgisch:a
metallurgischte	metallurgisch:a
landtongen	landtong:n
landtongetje	landtong:n
luistervinken	luistervink:n
luistervinkje	luistervink:n
blow	blowen:v
blowde	blowen:v
blowt	blowen:v
blowden	blowen:v
blowend	blowen:v
geblowd	blowen:v
dashcams	dashcam:n
dashcammetje	dashcam:n
pannekoek	pannenkoek:n
linkte	linken:v
linkt	linken:v
linkten	linken:v
linkend	linken:v
gelinkt	linken:v
bitcoins	bitcoin:n
bitcointje	bitcoin:n
moluren	moluur:n
moluurtje	moluur:n
detineer	detineren:v
detineerde	detineren:v
detineert	detineren:v
detineerden	detineren:v
detinerend	detineren:v
allotroopje	allotroop:n
allotrope	allotroop:a
cyclische	cyclisch:a
protten	prot:n
protje	prot:n
exemplarischer	exemplarisch:a
exemplarischt	exemplarisch:a
exemplarische	exemplarisch:a
exemplarischere	exemplarisch:a
exemplarischte	exemplarisch:a
opsoupeer	opsouperen:v
opsoupeerde	opsouperen:v
opsoupeert	opsouperen:v
opsoupeerden	opsouperen:v
opsouperend	opsouperen:v
opgesoupeerd	opsouperen:v
aftaai	aftaaien:v
aftaaide	aftaaien:v
aftaait	aftaaien:v
aftaaiden	aftaaien:v
aftaaiend	aftaaien:v
afgetaaid	aftaaien:v
fijnbossen	fijnbos:n
fijnbosje	fijnbos:n
vraagde	vragen:v
vraagden	vragen:v
knobbels	knobbel:n
knobbeltje	knobbel:n
knobbelzwanen	knobbelzwaan:n
knobbelzwaantje	knobbelzwaan:n
talenknobbels	talenknobbel:n
talenknobbeltje	talenknobbel:n
energiearmer	energiearm:a
energiearmst	energiearm:a
energiearme	energiearm:a
energiearmere	energiearm:a
energiearmste	energiearm:a
atoomklokken	atoomklok:n
atoomklokje	atoomklok:n
radioklokken	radioklok:n
radioklokje	radioklok:n
moderaten	moderaat:n
fruitte	fruiten:v
fruitten	fruiten:v
fruitend	fruiten:v
gefruit	fruiten:v
fruiten	fruit:n
seculierder	seculier:a
seculierst	seculier:a
seculierdere	seculier:a
seculierste	seculier:a
harnassen	harnas:n
harnasje	harnas:n
pausschappen	pausschap:n
tegenpausen	tegenpaus:n
tegenpausje	tegenpaus:n
chirurgische	chirurgisch:a
kattenluiken	kattenluik:n
kattenluikje	kattenluik:n
blindengeleidehonden	blindengeleidehond:n
blindengeleidehondje	blindengeleidehond:n
galvanische	galvanisch:a
vastknoop	vastknopen:v
vastknoopte	vastknopen:v
vastknoopt	vastknopen:v
vastknoopten	vastknopen:v
vastknopend	vastknopen:v
vastgeknoopt	vastknopen:v
hierbij	bij:d
hierboven	boven:d
waarboven	boven:d
erom	om:d
hierom	om:d
hierbinnen	binnen:d
daarbinnen	binnen:d
waarbinnen	binnen:d
hierbuiten	buiten:d
waarbuiten	buiten:d
daaruit	uit:d
daaraan	aan:d
erachteraan	achteraan:d
hierachteraan	achteraan:d
daarachteraan	achteraan:d
waarachteraan	achteraan:d
hierlangs	langs:d
daarlangs	langs:d
errond	rond:d
hierrond	rond:d
daarrond	rond:d
waarrond	rond:d
ertussendoor	tussendoor:d
hiertussendoor	tussendoor:d
daartussendoor	tussendoor:d
waartussendoor	tussendoor:d
ervandaan	vandaan:d
hiervandaan	vandaan:d
eraf	af:d
hieraf	af:d
daaraf	af:d
waaraf	af:d
ervoorbij	voorbij:d
hiervoorbij	voorbij:d
daarvoorbij	voorbij:d
waarvoorbij	voorbij:d
paddentrekken	paddentrek:n
paddentrekje	paddentrek:n
hoofdwerkers	hoofdwerker:n
hoofdwerkertje	hoofdwerker:n
motorischer	motorisch:a
motorische	motorisch:a
motorischere	motorisch:a
Azteken	Azteek:n
toeleidingen	toeleiding:n
toeleidingetje	toeleiding:n
toeleid	toeleiden:n
toeleidde	toeleiden:n
toeleidt	toeleiden:n
toeleidden	toeleiden:n
toeleidend	toeleiden:n
toegeleid	toeleiden:n
eilandbewoners	eilandbewoner:n
eilandbewonertje	eilandbewoner:n
priemen	priem:n
priempje	priem:n
priem	prima:a
kastwoorden	kastwoord:n
kastwoordje	kastwoord:n
uitspraakwoordenboeken	uitspraakwoordenboek:n
uitspraakwoordenboekje	uitspraakwoordenboek:n
moedertaalsprekers	moedertaalspreker:n
moedertaalsprekertje	moedertaalspreker:n
moedertaalspreekster	moedertaalspreker:n
niet-moedertaalsprekers	niet-moedertaalspreker:n
niet-moedertaalsprekertje	niet-moedertaalspreker:n
niet-moedertaalspreekster	niet-moedertaalspreker:n
nablijf	nablijven:v
nableef	nablijven:v
nablijft	nablijven:v
nableven	nablijven:v
nablijvend	nablijven:v
nagebleven	nablijven:v
ahornen	ahorn:n
ahorns	ahorn:n
dorpsgekken	dorpsgek:n
dorpsgekje	dorpsgek:n
achteruitkijkspiegels	achteruitkijkspiegel:n
achteruitkijkspiegeltje	achteruitkijkspiegel:n
monddoder	monddood:n
monddoodst	monddood:n
rompstaten	rompstaat:n
rompstaatje	rompstaat:n
aanheffen	aanhef:n
aanhefje	aanhef:n
hyacinten	hyacint:n
hyacintje	hyacint:n
grachtengordels	grachtengordel:n
grachtengordeltje	grachtengordel:n
ongelijker	ongelijk:a
ongelijkst	ongelijk:a
ongelijke	ongelijk:a
ongelijkere	ongelijk:a
ongelijkste	ongelijk:a
bejaarder	bejaard:a
bejaardst	bejaard:a
bejaarde	bejaard:a
bejaardere	bejaard:a
bejaardste	bejaard:a
schoktoestanden	schoktoestand:n
schoktoestandje	schoktoestand:n
drassiger	drassig:a
drassigst	drassig:a
drassige	drassig:a
drassigere	drassig:a
drassigste	drassig:a
moerassiger	moerassig:a
moerassigst	moerassig:a
moerassige	moerassig:a
moerassigere	moerassig:a
moerassigste	moerassig:a
krottenwijken	krottenwijk:n
krottenwijkje	krottenwijk:n
kastijd	kastijden:v
kastijdde	kastijden:v
kastijdt	kastijden:v
kastijdden	kastijden:v
kastijdend	kastijden:v
gekastijd	kastijden:v
volgepropt	volproppen:v
volprop	volproppen:v
volpropte	volproppen:v
volpropt	volproppen:v
volpropten	volproppen:v
volproppend	volproppen:v
propte	proppen:v
propt	proppen:v
propten	proppen:v
proppend	proppen:v
gepropt	proppen:v
lurkte	lurken:v
lurkt	lurken:v
lurkten	lurken:v
lurkend	lurken:v
gelurkt	lurken:v
oerossen	oeros:n
oerosje	oeros:n
vrijsters	vrijster:n
vrijstertje	vrijster:n
meinediger	meinedig:a
meinedigst	meinedig:a
meinedige	meinedig:a
meinedigere	meinedig:a
meinedigste	meinedig:a
afzetgebieden	afzetgebied:n
afzetgebiedje	afzetgebied:n
handvesten	handvest:n
handvestje	handvest:n
ontfutsel	ontfutselen:v
ontfutselde	ontfutselen:v
ontfutselt	ontfutselen:v
ontfutselden	ontfutselen:v
ontfutselend	ontfutselen:v
ontfutseld	ontfutselen:v
lichtknoppen	lichtknop:n
seclusies	seclusie:n
seclusietje	seclusie:n
onfeilbaarder	onfeilbaar:a
onfeilbaarst	onfeilbaar:a
onfeilbare	onfeilbaar:a
onfeilbaardere	onfeilbaar:a
onfeilbaarste	onfeilbaar:a
gewiekster	gewiekst:a
gewiekstst	gewiekst:a
gewiekste	gewiekst:a
gewiekstere	gewiekst:a
gewiekstste	gewiekst:a
onhebbelijker	onhebbelijk:a
onhebbelijkst	onhebbelijk:a
onhebbelijke	onhebbelijk:a
onhebbelijkere	onhebbelijk:a
onhebbelijkste	onhebbelijk:a
verwijtbaarder	verwijtbaar:a
verwijtbaarst	verwijtbaar:a
verwijtbaare	verwijtbaar:a
verwijtbaardere	verwijtbaar:a
verwijtbaarste	verwijtbaar:a
suikerklontje	suikerklont:n
internettoegangen	internettoegang:n
rinser	rins:a
rinst	rins:a
rinse	rins:a
rinsere	rins:a
rinste	rins:a
samenval	samenvallen:v
samenviel	samenvallen:v
samenvalt	samenvallen:v
samenvielen	samenvallen:v
samenvallend	samenvallen:v
samengevallen	samenvallen:v
koepelorganisaties	koepelorganisatie:n
popel	popelen:v
popelde	popelen:v
popelt	popelen:v
popelden	popelen:v
popelend	popelen:v
gepopeld	popelen:v
meedogenlozer	meedogenloos:a
meedogenloost	meedogenloos:a
meedogenloze	meedogenloos:a
meedogenlozere	meedogenloos:a
meedogenlooste	meedogenloos:a
beetneem	beetnemen:v
beetnam	beetnemen:v
beetneemt	beetnemen:v
beetnamen	beetnemen:v
beetnemend	beetnemen:v
beetgenomen	beetnemen:v
schrink	schrinken:v
schronk	schrinken:v
schrinkt	schrinken:v
schronken	schrinken:v
schrinkend	schrinken:v
geschronken	schrinken:v
kwakkelweren	kwakkelweer:n
kwakkelweertje	kwakkelweer:n
bezoldige	bezoldigen:v
spouwe	spouwen:v
spouwen	spouw:n
spouwmuurtje	spouw:n|spouwmuur:n
verlieve	verlieven:v
slaapwandele	slaapwandelen:v
sluikstorte	sluikstorten:v
inlaatje	inlaat:n
kroele	kroelen:v
archivere	archiveren:v
bestale	bestelen:v
bestaalt	bestelen:v
bestele	bestelen:v
bladere	bladeren:v
contactere	contacteren:v
deemoedige	deemoedigen:v|deemoedig:a
deemoediger	deemoedig:a
deemoedigst	deemoedig:a
deemoedigere	deemoedig:a
deemoedigste	deemoedig:a
exportere	exporteren:v
galvanisere	galvaniseren:v
gespe	gespen:v
inoculere	inoculeren:v
jetskië	jetskiën:v
pipettere	pipetteren:v
snoeie	snoeien:v
spietse	spietsen:v
verkommere	verkommeren:v
veze	vijzen:v
vijze	vijzen:v
veesten	veest:n
veestje	veest:n
veest	vijzen:v
wanne	wannen:v
zifte	ziften:v
proppe	proppen:v
ontfutsele	ontfutselen:v
panischer	panisch:a
panische	panisch:a
panischere	panisch:a
doodbliksem	doodbliksemen:v
doodbliksemde	doodbliksemen:v
doodbliksemt	doodbliksemen:v
doodbliksemden	doodbliksemen:v
doodbliksemend	doodbliksemen:v
doodgebliksemd	doodbliksemen:v
Draad	Dodendraad:m
elektriciteitsdraden	elektriciteitsdraad:n
elektriciteitsdraadje	elektriciteitsdraad:n
androgyner	androgyn:a
androgynst	androgyn:a
androgyne	androgyn:a
androgynere	androgyn:a
androgynste	androgyn:a
maagdelijker	maagdelijk:a
maagdelijkst	maagdelijk:a
maagdelijke	maagdelijk:a
maagdelijkere	maagdelijk:a
maagdelijkste	maagdelijk:a
apprecieer	appreciëren:v
apprecieerde	appreciëren:v
apprecieert	appreciëren:v
apprecieerden	appreciëren:v
appreciërend	appreciëren:v
geapprecieerd	appreciëren:v
transities	transitie:n
transitietje	transitie:n
vliegeniers	vliegenier:n
vliegeniertje	vliegenier:n
oppervlaktespanningen	oppervlaktespanning:n
oppervlaktespanninkje	oppervlaktespanning:n
diedenwegen	diedenweg:n
diedenwegje	diedenweg:n
anderstalige	anderstalig:a
slaapfeestje	slaapfeest:n
prikkelbaarder	prikkelbaar:a
prikkelbaarst	prikkelbaar:a
prikkelbare	prikkelbaar:a
prikkelbaardere	prikkelbaar:a
prikkelbaarste	prikkelbaar:a
ijzerenheiniger	ijzerenheinig:a
ijzerenheinigst	ijzerenheinig:a
ijzerenheinige	ijzerenheinig:a
ijzerenheinigere	ijzerenheinig:a
ijzerenheinigste	ijzerenheinig:a
melkkoeien	melkkoe:n
melkkoetje	melkkoe:n
speldje	speld:n
speldjes	speldje:n
beugels	beugel:n
beugeltje	beugel:n
oneerbiediger	oneerbiedig:a
oneerbiedigst	oneerbiedig:a
oneerbiedige	oneerbiedig:a
oneerbiedigere	oneerbiedig:a
oneerbiedigste	oneerbiedig:a
eerbiediger	eerbiedig:a
eerbiedigst	eerbiedig:a
eerbiedige	eerbiedig:a
eerbiedigere	eerbiedig:a
eerbiedigste	eerbiedig:a
verwonderlijker	verwonderlijk:a
verwonderlijkst	verwonderlijk:a
verwonderlijkere	verwonderlijk:a
verwonderlijkste	verwonderlijk:a
verwonderlijke	verwonderlijk:a
verbluffender	verbluffend:a
verbluffendst	verbluffend:a
verbluffende	verbluffend:a
verbluffendere	verbluffend:a
verbluffendste	verbluffend:a
goorder	goor:a
goorst	goor:a
goordere	goor:a
goorste	goor:a
wreek	wreken:v
wreekte	wreken:v
wreekt	wreken:v
wreekten	wreken:v
wrekend	wreken:v
gewroken	wreken:v
wrook	wreken:v
wroken	wreken:v
toorniger	toornig:a
toornigst	toornig:a
toornige	toornig:a
toornigere	toornig:a
toornigste	toornig:a
slagschepen	slagschip:n
slagscheepje	slagschip:n
kuwen	kuw:n
kuwtje	kuw:n
cupcakemama's	cupcakemama:n
cupcakemamaatje	cupcakemama:n
ontplooi	ontplooien:v
ontplooide	ontplooien:v
ontplooit	ontplooien:v
ontplooiden	ontplooien:v
ontplooiend	ontplooien:v
ontplooid	ontplooien:v
terugplooi	terugplooien:v
terugplooide	terugplooien:v
terugplooit	terugplooien:v
terugplooiden	terugplooien:v
terugplooiend	terugplooien:v
teruggeplooid	terugplooien:v
moestuintje	moestuin:n
moestuinen	moestuin:n
naaiboeken	naaiboek:n
naaiboekje	naaiboek:n
grondvest	grondvesten:v
grondvestte	grondvesten:v
grondvestten	grondvesten:v
grondvestend	grondvesten:v
gegrondvest	grondvesten:v
massagebedden	massagebed:n
massagebedje	massagebed:n
massagebeden	massagebed:n
dijkrampen	dijkramp:n
dijkrampje	dijkramp:n
kwartslagen	kwartslaag:n|kwartslag:n
kwartslaagje	kwartslaag:n
kwartslagje	kwartslag:n
vuurwerkrampen	vuurwerkramp:n
vuurwerkrampje	vuurwerkramp:n
hogedrukpannen	hogedrukpan:n
hogedrukpannetje	hogedrukpan:n
snelkookpannen	snelkookpan:n
snelkookpannetje	snelkookpan:n
Tsjetsjenen	Tsjetsjeen:n
Tsjetsjeentje	Tsjetsjeen:n
Tsjetsjeensen	Tsjetsjeense:n
Tsjetsjeensetje	Tsjetsjeense:n
omgangstalen	omgangstaal:n
omgangstaaltje	omgangstaal:n
bougeer	bougeren:v
bougeerde	bougeren:v
bougeert	bougeren:v
bougeerden	bougeren:v
bougerend	bougeren:v
gebougeerd	bougeren:v
freineer	freineren:v
freineerde	freineren:v
freineert	freineren:v
freineerden	freineren:v
freinerend	freineren:v
gefreineerd	freineren:v
tegengiffen	tegengif:n
tegengifje	tegengif:n
vangtanden	vangtand:n
vangtandje	vangtand:n
diergaarden	diergaarde:n
diergaardes	diergaarde:n
moetjes	moetje:n
luchtschepen	luchtschip:n
luchtscheepje	luchtschip:n
ruimtehavens	ruimtehaven:n
ruimtehaventje	ruimtehaven:n
vlieghavens	vlieghaven:n
vlieghaventje	vlieghaven:n
kwenen	kween:n
kweentje	kween:n
knokkels	knokkel:n
knokkeltje	knokkel:n
vertroost	vertroosten:v
vertroostte	vertroosten:v
vertroostten	vertroosten:v
vertroostend	vertroosten:v
troosters	trooster:n
bovenwerkelijker	bovenwerkelijk:a
bovenwerkelijkst	bovenwerkelijk:a
bovenwerkelijke	bovenwerkelijk:a
bovenwerkelijkere	bovenwerkelijk:a
bovenwerkelijkste	bovenwerkelijk:a
surreëler	surreëel:a
surreëelst	surreëel:a
surreële	surreëel:a
surreëlere	surreëel:a
surreëelste	surreëel:a
opzienbarende	opzienbarend:a
opzienbarender	opzienbarend:a
opzienbarendst	opzienbarend:a
opzienbarendere	opzienbarend:a
opzienbarendste	opzienbarend:a
hechtingen	hechting:n
hechtinkje	hechting:n
lindebomen	lindeboom:n
lindeboompje	lindeboom:n
dienstboden	dienstbode:n
dienstbodes	dienstbode:n
dienstbodetje	dienstbode:n
vemen	veem:n
veempje	veem:n
ondoordringbaarder	ondoordringbaar:a
ondoordringbaarst	ondoordringbaar:a
ondoordringbare	ondoordringbaar:a
ondoordringbaardere	ondoordringbaar:a
ondoordringbaarste	ondoordringbaar:a
slopjes	slopje:n
sloppenwijken	sloppenwijk:n
sloppenwijkje	sloppenwijk:n
quartel	kwartel:n
klaterlachen	klaterlach:n
klaterlachje	klaterlach:n
nieuwslezeressen	nieuwslezeres:n
nieuwslezeresje	nieuwslezeres:n
lezeressen	lezeres:n
lezeresje	lezeres:n
bovenarmpje	bovenarm:n
bovenarmen	bovenarm:n
beloftenploeg	belofteploeg:n
oudgedienden	oudgediende:n
oudgediendetje	oudgediende:n
tuinpakken	tuinpak:n
tuinpakje	tuinpak:n
afrijt	afrijten:v
afreet	afrijten:v
afreten	afrijten:v
afrijtend	afrijten:v
afgereten	afrijten:v
afschud	afschudden:v
afschudde	afschudden:v
afschudt	afschudden:v
afschuddend	afschudden:v
afgeschud	afschudden:v
medeoprichter	mede-oprichter:n
mede-oprichters	mede-oprichter:n
troonswisselingen	troonswisseling:n
beschuten	beschutten:v
beschut	beschutten:v
beschutte	beschutten:v
beschutend	beschutten:v
slenken	slenk:n
slenkje	slenk:n
remontada's	remontada:n
remontadaatje	remontada:n
werphouten	werphout:n
werphoutje	werphout:n
gehaktmolens	gehaktmolen:n
gehaktmolentje	gehaktmolen:n
opgroei	opgroeien:v
opgroeide	opgroeien:v
opgroeit	opgroeien:v
opgroeiden	opgroeien:v
opgegroeid	opgroeien:v
omstanders	omstander:n
omstandertje	omstander:n
pleur	pleuren:v
pleurde	pleuren:v
pleurt	pleuren:v
pleurden	pleuren:v
pleurend	pleuren:v
gepleurd	pleuren:v
sleuven	sleuf:n
sleufje	sleuf:n
sleufmachines	sleufmachine:n
sleufmachientje	sleufmachine:n
paragnosten	paragnost:n
sneuer	sneu:a
sneust	sneu:a
sneue	sneu:a
sneuere	sneu:a
sneuste	sneu:a
sneuen	sneu:n
sneutje	sneu:n
sneuke	sneu:n
voortduur	voortduren:v
voortduurde	voortduren:v
voortduurt	voortduren:v
voortduurden	voortduren:v
voortdurend	voortduren:v
voortgeduurd	voortduren:v
liefdadigheden	liefdadigheid:n
liefdadigheidje	liefdadigheid:n
afzwak	afzwakken:v
afzwakte	afzwakken:v
afzwakt	afzwakken:v
afzwakten	afzwakken:v
afzwakkend	afzwakken:v
afgezwakt	afzwakken:v
klots	klotsen:v
klotste	klotsen:v
klotst	klotsen:v
klotsten	klotsen:v
klotsend	klotsen:v
geklotst	klotsen:v
poespassen	poespas:n
poespasje	poespas:n
bescheidens	bescheiden:a
verweef	verweven:v
verweefde	verweven:v
verweeft	verweven:v
verweefden	verweven:v
verwevend	verweven:v
duppies	duppie:n
uyt	uit:d
Sprachbunde	Sprachbund:n
lenskleppen	lensklep:n
lensklepje	lensklep:n
ploegendiensten	ploegendienst:n
ploegendienstje	ploegendienst:n
ronsel	ronselen:v
ronselde	ronselen:v
ronselt	ronselen:v
ronselden	ronselen:v
ronselend	ronselen:v
geronseld	ronselen:v
spiksplinterder	spiksplinter:a
spiksplinterst	spiksplinter:a
spiksplintere	spiksplinter:a
spiksplinterdere	spiksplinter:a
spiksplinterste	spiksplinter:a
jeneverbessen	jeneverbes:n
jeneverbesje	jeneverbes:n
vorder	vorderen:v
vorderde	vorderen:v
vordert	vorderen:v
vorderden	vorderen:v
vorderend	vorderen:v
gevorderd	vorderen:v
bijkeukens	bijkeuken:n
bijkeukentje	bijkeuken:n
onteigen	onteigenen:v
onteigende	onteigenen:v
onteigent	onteigenen:v
onteigenden	onteigenen:v
onteigenend	onteigenen:v
onteigend	onteigenen:v
eenzaten	eenzaat:n
eenzaatje	eenzaat:n
gezichtsbedrogje	gezichtsbedrog:n
kruisribgewelven	kruisribgewelf:n
kruisribgewelfje	kruisribgewelf:n
tongewelven	tongewelf:n
tongewelfje	tongewelf:n
kruisgewelven	kruisgewelf:n
kruisgewelfje	kruisgewelf:n
kloostergewelven	kloostergewelf:n
kloostergewelfje	kloostergewelf:n
roofvogelnesten	roofvogelnest:n
roofvogelnestje	roofvogelnest:n
schapenstallen	schapenstal:n
schapenstalletje	schapenstal:n
radicaliseringen	radicalisering:n
afstrijk	afstrijken:v
afstreek	afstrijken:v
afstrijkt	afstrijken:v
afstreeken	afstrijken:v
afstrijkend	afstrijken:v
afgestreken	afstrijken:v
lospeuter	lospeuteren:v
lospeuterde	lospeuteren:v
lospeutert	lospeuteren:v
lospeuterden	lospeuteren:v
lospeuterend	lospeuteren:v
losgepeuterd	lospeuteren:v
taalkloven	taalkloof:n
taalkloofje	taalkloof:n
sperzieboontje	sperzieboon:n
kroonlijsten	kroonlijst:n
kroonlijstje	kroonlijst:n
climacterischer	climacterisch:a
climacterischt	climacterisch:a
climacterische	climacterisch:a
climacterischere	climacterisch:a
climacterischte	climacterisch:a
somber	somberen:v
somberde	somberen:v
sombert	somberen:v
somberden	somberen:v
somberend	somberen:v
gesomberd	somberen:v
overgiet	overgieten:v
overgoot	overgieten:v
overgoten	overgieten:v
overgietend	overgieten:v
overgegoten	overgieten:v
travo's	travo:n
travootje	travo:n
isidiën	isidium:n
behoeftiger	behoeftig:a
behoeftigst	behoeftig:a
behoeftige	behoeftig:a
behoeftigere	behoeftig:a
behoeftigste	behoeftig:a
behoeftigs	behoeftig:a
afnemers	afnemer:n
puntstukken	puntstuk:n
puntstukje	puntstuk:n
inhuur	inhuren:v
inhuurde	inhuren:v
inhuurt	inhuren:v
inhuurden	inhuren:v
inhurend	inhuren:v
ingehuurd	inhuren:v
spookrijders	spookrijder:n
spookrijdertje	spookrijder:n
onthullingen	onthulling:n
E.	edele:n
boodschappentassen	boodschappentas:n
boodschappentasje	boodschappentas:n
mafketels	mafketel:n
mafketeltje	mafketel:n
mafkezen	mafkees:n
mafkeesje	mafkees:n
passioneler	passioneel:a
passioneelst	passioneel:a
passionele	passioneel:a
passionelere	passioneel:a
passioneelste	passioneel:a
hamvragen	hamvraag:n
hamvraagje	hamvraag:n
hoofdreken	hoofdrekenen:v
hoofdrekende	hoofdrekenen:v
hoofdrekent	hoofdrekenen:v
hoofdrekenden	hoofdrekenen:v
hoofdrekenend	hoofdrekenen:v
gehoofdrekend	hoofdrekenen:v
bovenbuiken	bovenbuik:n
bovenbuikje	bovenbuik:n
sleutelkoorden	sleutelkoord:n
sleutelkoordje	sleutelkoord:n
houwtouwen	houwtouw:n
houwtouwtje	houwtouw:n
minutenlange	minutenlang:a
kinderziekten	kinderziekte:n
kinderziektes	kinderziekte:n
kinderziektetje	kinderziekte:n
fniezen	niezen:v
klakken	klak:n
klakske	klak:n
raadgevers	raadgever:n
raadgevertje	raadgever:n
katvangers	katvanger:n
katvangertje	katvanger:n
toereikender	toereikend:a
toereikendst	toereikend:a
toereikende	toereikend:a
toereikendere	toereikend:a
toereikendste	toereikend:a
toereikend	toereiken:v
ontoereikender	ontoereikend:a
ontoereikendst	ontoereikend:a
ontoereikende	ontoereikend:a
ontoereikendere	ontoereikend:a
ontoereikendste	ontoereikend:a
hobbelpaarden	hobbelpaard:n
hobbelpaardje	hobbelpaard:n
schrijfberd	schrijfbord:n
schrijfberden	schrijfberd:n
schrijfberdje	schrijfberd:n
drachten	dracht:n
drachtje	dracht:n
scheepsmasten	scheepsmast:n
scheepsmastje	scheepsmast:n
jagermasten	jagermast:n
jagermastje	jagermast:n
bezaansmasten	bezaansmast:n
bezaansmastje	bezaansmast:n
fokkemast	fokkenmast:n
bezaanmast	bezaansmast:n
kruismasten	kruismast:n
kruismastje	kruismast:n
druilen	druil:n
druiltje	druil:n
druilmasten	druilmast:n
druilmastje	druilmast:n
hoofdmasten	hoofdmast:n
hoofdmastje	hoofdmast:n
oorlogsmisdaden	oorlogsmisdaad:n
oorlogsmisdaadje	oorlogsmisdaad:n
ziekenhuisopnamen	ziekenhuisopname:n
ziekenhuisopnames	ziekenhuisopname:n
ziekenhuisopnametje	ziekenhuisopname:n
sjoes	sjoe:n
sjoeke	sjoe:n
vastberadener	vastberaden:a
vastberadenst	vastberaden:a
vastberadenste	vastberaden:a
zenuwachtiger	zenuwachtig:a
zenuwachtigst	zenuwachtig:a
zenuwachtige	zenuwachtig:a
zenuwachtigere	zenuwachtig:a
zenuwachtigste	zenuwachtig:a
hallucinaties	hallucinatie:n
hallucinatietje	hallucinatie:n
hallucineer	hallucineren:v
hallucineerde	hallucineren:v
hallucineert	hallucineren:v
hallucineerden	hallucineren:v
hallucinerend	hallucineren:v
gehallucineerd	hallucineren:v
waanbeelden	waanbeeld:n
waanbeeldje	waanbeeld:n
hersenschimmen	hersenschim:n
hersenschimmetje	hersenschim:n
schimmen	schim:n
schimmetje	schim:n
schimmiger	schimmig:a
schimmigst	schimmig:a
schimmige	schimmig:a
schimmigere	schimmig:a
schimmigste	schimmig:a
schemer	schemeren:v
schemerde	schemeren:v
schemert	schemeren:v
schemerden	schemeren:v
schemerend	schemeren:v
geschemerd	schemeren:v
boerkaverboden	boerkaverbod:n
lijfstraffen	lijfstraf:n
lijfstrafje	lijfstraf:n
inbus	inbussleutel:n
weden	wede:n
wedes	wede:n
wedetje	wede:n
wereldmachten	wereldmacht:n
wereldmachtje	wereldmacht:n
verdonkeremaan	verdonkeremanen:v
verdonkeremaande	verdonkeremanen:v
verdonkeremaant	verdonkeremanen:v
verdonkeremaanden	verdonkeremanen:v
verdonkeremanend	verdonkeremanen:v
verdonkeremaand	verdonkeremanen:v
geluksvogels	geluksvogel:n
geluksvogeltje	geluksvogel:n
stuurmannen	stuurman:n
stuurlui	stuurman:n
stuurmannetje	stuurman:n
vliegverboden	vliegverbod:n
vliegverbodje	vliegverbod:n
pijpenwissers	pijpenwisser:n
pijpenwissertje	pijpenwisser:n
realiteiten	realiteit:n
realiteitje	realiteit:n
stootarbeiders	stootarbeider:n
stootarbeidertje	stootarbeider:n
opwarm	opwarmen:v
opwarmde	opwarmen:v
opwarmt	opwarmen:v
opwarmden	opwarmen:v
opwarmend	opwarmen:v
opgewarmd	opwarmen:v
zoetzuurder	zoetzuur:a
zoetzuurst	zoetzuur:a
zoetzure	zoetzuur:a
zoetzuurdere	zoetzuur:a
zoetzuurste	zoetzuur:a
schandpalen	schandpaal:n
schandpaaltje	schandpaal:n
sneltoetsen	sneltoets:n
sneltoetsje	sneltoets:n
narcoticumpje	narcoticum:n
sneeuwbollen	sneeuwbol:n
sneeuwbolletje	sneeuwbol:n
smeuïger	smeuïg:a
smeuïgst	smeuïg:a
smeuïge	smeuïg:a
smeuïgere	smeuïg:a
smeuïgste	smeuïg:a
republikeinen	republikein:n
republikeintje	republikein:n
verleners	verlener:n
verlenertje	verlener:n
zorgverleners	zorgverlener:n
zorgverlenertje	zorgverlener:n
gewaarword	gewaarworden:v
gewaarwerd	gewaarworden:v
gewaarwordt	gewaarworden:v
gewaarwerden	gewaarworden:v
gewaarwordend	gewaarworden:v
gewaargeworden	gewaarworden:v
klater	klateren:v
klaterde	klateren:v
klatert	klateren:v
klaterden	klateren:v
klaterend	klateren:v
geklaterd	klateren:v
priegel	priegelen:v
priegelde	priegelen:v
priegelt	priegelen:v
priegelden	priegelen:v
priegelend	priegelen:v
gepriegeld	priegelen:v
profiteer	profiteren:v
profiteerde	profiteren:v
profiteert	profiteren:v
profiteerden	profiteren:v
profiterend	profiteren:v
geprofiteerd	profiteren:v
eierballen	eierbal:n
eierballetje	eierbal:n
vogelnestje	vogelnest:n
vogelnestjes	vogelnestje:n
amechtiger	amechtig:a
amechtigst	amechtig:a
amechtige	amechtig:a
amechtigere	amechtig:a
amechtigste	amechtig:a
treiteraartje	treiteraar:n
treiteraars	treiteraar:n
à-vuespelletje	à-vuespel:n
à-vuespellen	à-vuespel:n
a-capellakoren	a-capellakoor:n
a-capellakoortje	a-capellakoor:n
vogelnesten	vogelnest:n
treiter	treiteren:v
treiterde	treiteren:v
treitert	treiteren:v
treiterden	treiteren:v
treiterend	treiteren:v
getreiterd	treiteren:v
bouwvalliger	bouwvallig:a
bouwvalligst	bouwvallig:a
bouwvallige	bouwvallig:a
bouwvalligere	bouwvallig:a
bouwvalligste	bouwvallig:a
Middelengelse	Middelengels:a
yel	yellen:v
yelde	yellen:v
yelt	yellen:v
yelden	yellen:v
yellend	yellen:v
geyeld	yellen:v
rechtdoorzeeër	rechtdoorzee:a
rechtdoorzeest	rechtdoorzee:a
rechtdoorzeeë	rechtdoorzee:a
rechtdoorzeeëre	rechtdoorzee:a
rechtdoorzeeste	rechtdoorzee:a
radeer	raderen:v
radeerde	raderen:v
radeert	raderen:v
radeerden	raderen:v
raderend	raderen:v
geradeerd	raderen:v
devotielichten	devotielicht:n
devotielichtje	devotielicht:n
schalmen	schalm:n
schalmpje	schalm:n
herlaadbare	herlaadbaar:a
vrouwens	vrouw:n
braaklanden	braakland:n
braaklandje	braakland:n
belastingbetalers	belastingbetaler:n
kantore	kantoor:n
uitstallingen	uitstalling:n
netwerken	netwerk:n
netwerkje	netwerk:n
reünies	reünie:n
reünietje	reünie:n
schoenlepels	schoenlepel:n
schoenlepeltje	schoenlepel:n
kathodestralen	kathodestraal:n
kathodestraaltje	kathodestraal:n
kathodestraalbuizen	kathodestraalbuis:n
kathodestraalbuisje	kathodestraalbuis:n
beeldbuizen	beeldbuis:n
beeldbuisje	beeldbuis:n
kathoden	kathode:n
kathodes	kathode:n
kathodetje	kathode:n
lemoen	lamoen:n
epifenomenen	epifenomeen:n
werdegangen	werdegang:n
werdegangetje	werdegang:n
verwoordingen	verwoording:n
verwoordingetje	verwoording:n
uitsprekingen	uitspreking:n
uitsprekingetje	uitspreking:n
formuleringen	formulering:n
formuleringetje	formulering:n
bijverschijnselen	bijverschijnsel:n
bijverschijnseltje	bijverschijnsel:n
nevenverschijnselen	nevenverschijnsel:n
nevenverschijnseltje	nevenverschijnsel:n
bergreuzen	bergreus:n
bergreusje	bergreus:n
etstoelen	etstoel:n
zoorder	zoor:a
zoorst	zoor:a
zore	zoor:a
zoordere	zoor:a
zoorste	zoor:a
schaatssters	schaatsster:n
schaatsstertje	schaatsster:n
schoeren	schoer:n
schoertje	schoer:n
gevaders	gevader:n
gevadertje	gevader:n
gemoeders	gemoeder:n
gemoedertje	gemoeder:n
gevaderschappen	gevaderschap:n
schijterds	schijterd:n
schijterdje	schijterd:n
lichtbeelden	lichtbeeld:n
lichtbeeldje	lichtbeeld:n
schoonzustertjes	schoonzuster:n
kodden	kodde:n
koddetje	kodde:n
kodje	kodde:n
snufferds	snufferd:n
snufferdje	snufferd:n
schorsjes	schors:n
schrijn	schrijnen:v
schrijnde	schrijnen:v
schrijnt	schrijnen:v
schrijnden	schrijnen:v
schrijnend	schrijnen:v
geschrijnd	schrijnen:v
snuf	snuffen:v
snufte	snuffen:v
snuft	snuffen:v
snuften	snuffen:v
snuffend	snuffen:v
gesnuft	snuffen:v
compuncties	compunctie:n
compunctietje	compunctie:n
snuffen	snuf:n
krachthonken	krachthonk:n
krachthonkje	krachthonk:n
honkvaster	honkvast:n
honkvastst	honkvast:n
pillichten	pillicht:n
pillichtje	pillicht:n
pillampen	pillamp:n
pillampje	pillamp:n
zeegrassen	zeegras:n
zeegrasje	zeegras:n
hondstrouwe	hondstrouw:a
ervaringsfeiten	ervaringsfeit:n
ervaringsfeitje	ervaringsfeit:n
apofatischer	apofatisch:a
apofatischt	apofatisch:a
apofatische	apofatisch:a
apofatischere	apofatisch:a
apofatischte	apofatisch:a
lichtvaten	lichtvat:n
lichtvaatje	lichtvat:n
lichtzwaarden	lichtzwaard:n
lichtzwaardje	lichtzwaard:n
lichtsabels	lichtsabel:n
lichtsabeltje	lichtsabel:n
loopbanden	loopband:n
loopbandje	loopband:n
smouten	smout:n
smoutje	smout:n
grauwvuren	grauwvuur:n
grauwvuurtje	grauwvuur:n
appelblauwzeegroener	appelblauwzeegroen:a
appelblauwzeegroenst	appelblauwzeegroen:a
appelblauwzeegroene	appelblauwzeegroen:a
appelblauwzeegroenere	appelblauwzeegroen:a
appelblauwzeegroenste	appelblauwzeegroen:a
inactieve	inactief:a
kledingeisen	kledingeis:n
kledingeisje	kledingeis:n
smoutenbol	smoutebol:n
pieker	piekeren:v
piekerde	piekeren:v
piekert	piekeren:v
piekerden	piekeren:v
piekerend	piekeren:v
gepiekerd	piekeren:v
oplucht	opluchten:v
opluchtte	opluchten:v
opluchtten	opluchten:v
opluchtend	opluchten:v
opgelucht	opluchten:v
slaapfeesten	slaapfeest:n
tijds	tijd:n
heils	heil:n
daags	dag:n
feite	feit:n
hoofde	hoofd:n
tijde	tij:n|tijd:n
paalde	palen:v
paalt	palen:v
paalden	palen:v
palend	palen:v
gepaald	palen:v
geisers	geiser:n
geisertje	geiser:n
suborden	suborde:n
subordes	suborde:n
subordetje	suborde:n
veegten	veegte:n
veegtes	veegte:n
schenenschoppers	schenenschopper:n
schenenschoppertje	schenenschopper:n
halfpijpen	halfpijp:n
halfpijpje	halfpijp:n
langbogen	langboog:n
langboogje	langboog:n
roggebroden	roggebrood:n
roggebroodje	roggebrood:n
grauwheden	grauwheid:n
grauwheidje	grauwheid:n
spierversterkingen	spierversterking:n
spierversterkinkje	spierversterking:n
luiertijden	luiertijd:n
luiertijdje	luiertijd:n
blaasjes	blaasje:n
kraamzorgen	kraamzorg:n
kraamzorgje	kraamzorg:n
meurde	meuren:v
meurt	meuren:v
meurden	meuren:v
meurend	meuren:v
gemeurd	meuren:v
zelfmoordpogingen	zelfmoordpoging:n
zelfmoordpoginkje	zelfmoordpoging:n
spreuken	spreuk:n
spreukje	spreuk:n
spekbuiken	spekbuik:n
spekbuikje	spekbuik:n
gekunnen	kunnen:v
bierbuiken	bierbuik:n
bierbuikje	bierbuik:n
doorlaatposten	doorlaatpost:n
voorbeurser	voorbeurs:a
voorbeurst	voorbeurs:a
nabeurser	nabeurs:a
nabeurst	nabeurs:a
ramingen	raming:n
raminkje	raming:n
wroeg	wroegen:v
wroegde	wroegen:v
wroegt	wroegen:v
wroegden	wroegen:v
wroegend	wroegen:v
gewroegd	wroegen:v
wrijt	wrijten:v
wreet	wrijten:v
wreten	wrijten:v
wrijtend	wrijten:v
gewreten	wrijten:v
wrijte	wrijten:v
wrete	wrijten:v
langwijliger	langwijlig:a
langwijligst	langwijlig:a
wijltje	wijl:n
gisterjaren	gisterjaar:n
gisterjaartje	gisterjaar:n
relinkje	reling:n
kindermoorden	kindermoord:n
kindermoordje	kindermoord:n
kindmoorden	kindmoord:n
kindmoordje	kindmoord:n
kinderdodingen	kinderdoding:n
kinderdodinkje	kinderdoding:n
kinderdodingetje	kinderdoding:n
kinddodingen	kinddoding:n
kinddodinkje	kinddoding:n
kinddodingetje	kinddoding:n
aandriften	aandrift:n
aandriftje	aandrift:n
sneeuwduinen	sneeuwduin:n
sneeuwduintje	sneeuwduin:n
sneeuwbanken	sneeuwbank:n
sneeuwbankje	sneeuwbank:n
sneeuwdriften	sneeuwdrift:n
sneeuwdriftje	sneeuwdrift:n
aandrangen	aandrang:n
aandrangetje	aandrang:n
jaarboeken	jaarboek:n
jaarboekje	jaarboek:n
waarn	waarnen:n
waarnde	waarnen:n
waarnt	waarnen:n
waarnden	waarnen:n
waarnend	waarnen:n
gewaarnd	waarnen:n
waarningen	waarning:n
waarninkje	waarning:n
waarningetje	waarning:n
egaler	egaal:a
egaalst	egaal:a
egale	egaal:a
egalere	egaal:a
egaalste	egaal:a
afreken	afrekenen:v
afrekende	afrekenen:v
afrekent	afrekenen:v
afrekenden	afrekenen:v
afrekenend	afrekenen:v
afgerekend	afrekenen:v
selderijen	selderij:n
levenlozer	levenloos:a
levenloost	levenloos:a
levenloze	levenloos:a
levenlozere	levenloos:a
levenlooste	levenloos:a
levensloos	levenloos:a
smoutebollen	smoutebol:n
smoutebolletje	smoutebol:n
steenpapieren	steenpapier:n
steenpapiertje	steenpapier:n
prijsgeef	prijsgeven:v
prijsgaf	prijsgeven:v
prijsgeeft	prijsgeven:v
prijsgaven	prijsgeven:v
prijsgevend	prijsgeven:v
prijsgegeven	prijsgeven:v
naamwaarden	naamwaarde:n
naamwaardje	naamwaarde:n
toonwaarden	toonwaarde:n
toonwaardje	toonwaarde:n
oorloven	oorlof:n
oorlofje	oorlof:n
dwaallichten	dwaallicht:n
dwaallichtje	dwaallicht:n
zwampen	zwamp:n
zwampje	zwamp:n
zompen	zomp:n
zompje	zomp:n
zwolten	zwelten:v
zweltend	zwelten:v
gezwolten	zwelten:v
graai	graaien:v
graaide	graaien:v
graait	graaien:v
graaiden	graaien:v
graaiend	graaien:v
gegraaid	graaien:v
dieselauto's	dieselauto:n
steppenrollers	steppenroller:n
steppenrollertje	steppenroller:n
hooiduivels	hooiduivel:n
hooiduiveltje	hooiduivel:n
stofhozen	stofhoos:n
stofhoosje	stofhoos:n
stofduivels	stofduivel:n
stofduiveltje	stofduivel:n
goelasj	goulash:n
barnstenen	barnsteen:n
barnsteentje	barnsteen:n
barnsteengeler	barnsteengeel:a
barnsteengeelst	barnsteengeel:a
kruippakje	kruippak:n
kruippakken	kruippak:n
moerasboten	moerasboot:n
moerasbootje	moerasboot:n
draslanden	drasland:n
draslandje	drasland:n
rolprenten	rolprent:n
rolprentje	rolprent:n
buitenvrouwen	buitenvrouw:n
buitenvrouwtje	buitenvrouw:n
stofkammen	stofkam:n
boemeltreinen	boemeltrein:n
boemeltreintje	boemeltrein:n
ontheffingen	ontheffing:n
ontheffinkje	ontheffing:n
onthef	ontheffen:v
onthief	ontheffen:v
ontheft	ontheffen:v
onthieven	ontheffen:v
ontheffend	ontheffen:v
ontheven	ontheffen:v
slaptes	slapte:n
slijm	slijmen:v
slijmde	slijmen:v
slijmt	slijmen:v
slijmden	slijmen:v
slijmend	slijmen:v
geslijmd	slijmen:v
sociologes	sociologe:n
speech	speechen:v
speechte	speechen:v
speecht	speechen:v
speechten	speechen:v
speechend	speechen:v
gespeecht	speechen:v
Somalischen	Somalische:n
smartegelden	smartegeld:n
kachtels	kachtel:n
kachteltje	kachtel:n
zwemkellen	zwemkelle:n
zwemkelletje	zwemkelle:n
vloedzwembaden	vloedzwembad:n
vloedzwembadje	vloedzwembad:n
kellen	kelle:n
kelletje	kelle:n
voetmannen	voetman:n
voetlieden	voetman:n
voetlui	voetman:n
voetmannetje	voetman:n
voetknechten	voetknecht:n
voetknechts	voetknecht:n
voetknechtje	voetknecht:n
snuw	snuwen:v
snuwde	snuwen:v
snuwt	snuwen:v
snuwden	snuwen:v
snuwend	snuwen:v
gesnuwd	snuwen:v
snouwen	snuwen:v
blijeindes	blijeinde:n
blijeindje	blijeinde:n
schellekoorden	schellekoord:n
schellekoordje	schellekoord:n
holoniemen	holoniem:n
holoniempje	holoniem:n
schouderbladen	schouderblad:n
schouderblaadje	schouderblad:n
onheimelijker	onheimelijk:a
onheimelijkst	onheimelijk:a
pentagonen	pentagoon:n
sluitingen	sluiting:n
sluitinkje	sluiting:n
klafters	klafter:n
klaftertje	klafter:n
spiegelingetjes	spiegeling:n
grammaticaatjes	grammatica:n
spinnekoppen	spinnekop:n
spinnekoppetje	spinnekop:n
bergreeksen	bergreeks:n
bergreeksje	bergreeks:n
opperarmen	opperarm:n
opperarmpje	opperarm:n
armbuigspieren	armbuigspier:n
armbuigspiertje	armbuigspier:n
buigspieren	buigspier:n
buigspiertje	buigspier:n
belgitudes	belgitude:n
haakvormiger	haakvormig:n
haakvormigst	haakvormig:n
dampvormige	dampvormig:a
bijnieren	bijnier:n
bijgebouwen	bijgebouw:n
bijgebouwtje	bijgebouw:n
wichelaressen	wichelares:n
wichelaarsters	wichelaarster:n
evenaar	evenaren:v
evenaarde	evenaren:v
evenaart	evenaren:v
evenaarden	evenaren:v
evenarend	evenaren:v
geëvenaard	evenaren:v
wegwaai	wegwaaien:v
wegwaaide	wegwaaien:v
wegwaait	wegwaaien:v
wegwaaiden	wegwaaien:v
wegwaaiend	wegwaaien:v
weggewaaid	wegwaaien:v
wegwoei	wegwaaien:v
wegwoeien	wegwaaien:v
rechtuiter	rechtuit:a
rechtuitst	rechtuit:a
accordeonfiles	accordeonfile:n
accordeonfiletje	accordeonfile:n
maaivelden	maaiveld:n
huislieden	huisman:n
huislui	huisman:n
huismannetje	huisman:n
huismannen	huisman:n
antihelden	antiheld:n
antiheldje	antiheld:n
antiheldinnen	antiheldin:n
antiheldinnetje	antiheldin:n
boogbruggen	boogbrug:n
boogbrugje	boogbrug:n
boogbruggetje	boogbrug:n
vierhoeken	vierhoek:n
vierhoekje	vierhoek:n
pikaksen	pikaks:n
pikaksje	pikaks:n
pikhouwelen	pikhouweel:n
pikhouweeltje	pikhouweel:n
bliksemstralen	bliksemstraal:n
bliksemstraaltje	bliksemstraal:n
eergister	eergisteren:d
kolven	kolf:n
kolfje	kolf:n
lijer	lijder:n
inleef	inleven:v
inleefde	inleven:v
inleeft	inleven:v
inleefden	inleven:v
inlevend	inleven:v
ingeleefd	inleven:v
strook	stroken:v
strookte	stroken:v
strookt	stroken:v
strookten	stroken:v
strokend	stroken:v
gestrookt	stroken:v
stroop	stropen:v
stroopte	stropen:v
stroopt	stropen:v
stroopten	stropen:v
stropend	stropen:v
gestroopt	stropen:v
statutaire	statutair:a
koningmakers	koningmaker:n
koningmakertje	koningmaker:n
alkalimetalen	alkalimetaal:n
alkalimetaaltje	alkalimetaal:n
tatoeëringen	tatoeëring:n
wonderbaarder	wonderbaar:a
wonderbaarst	wonderbaar:a
wonderbare	wonderbaar:a
wonderbaardere	wonderbaar:a
wonderbaarste	wonderbaar:a
wonderlijker	wonderlijk:a
wonderlijkst	wonderlijk:a
wonderlijke	wonderlijk:a
wonderlijkere	wonderlijk:a
wonderlijkste	wonderlijk:a
wondervoler	wondervol:a
wondervolst	wondervol:a
wondervoller	wondervol:a
wondervolle	wondervol:a
wondervollere	wondervol:a
wondervolste	wondervol:a
berige	berig:a
gehoriger	gehorig:a
gehorigst	gehorig:a
walnotenbomen	walnotenboom:n
walnotenboompje	walnotenboom:n
mirakels	mirakel:n
mirakeltje	mirakel:n
tennisspeelsters	tennisspeelster:n
kastanjebruiner	kastanjebruin:a
kastanjebruinst	kastanjebruin:a
kastanjebruine	kastanjebruin:a
kastanjebruinere	kastanjebruin:a
kastanjebruinste	kastanjebruin:a
weervoorspelling	weersvoorspelling:n
textieltjes	textieltje:n
jongemannen	jongeman:n
toelatingen	toelating:n
carmovirussen	carmovirus:n
carmovirusje	carmovirus:n
opperlui	opperman:n
opperlieden	opperman:n
oppermannen	opperman:n
oppermannetje	opperman:n
bezinksels	bezinksel:n
bezinkseltje	bezinksel:n
bezink	bezinken:v
bezonk	bezinken:v
bezinkt	bezinken:v
bezonken	bezinken:v
bezinkend	bezinken:v
toevoer	toevoeren:v
toevoerde	toevoeren:v
toevoert	toevoeren:v
toevoerden	toevoeren:v
toevoerend	toevoeren:v
toegevoerd	toevoeren:v
dwerginnen	dwergin:n
dwerginnetje	dwergin:n
respectabeler	respectabel:a
respectabelst	respectabel:a
respectabele	respectabel:a
respectabelere	respectabel:a
respectabelste	respectabel:a
respectlozer	respectloos:a
respectloost	respectloos:a
respectloze	respectloos:a
respectlozere	respectloos:a
respectlooste	respectloos:a
toewijzingen	toewijzing:n
toewijzinkje	toewijzing:n
nulsomspellen	nulsomspel:n
nulsomspelen	nulsomspel:n
nulsomspelletje	nulsomspel:n
boogschutsters	boogschutster:n
boogschutstertje	boogschutster:n
zoëven	zo-even:d
inbeeld	inbeelden:v
inbeeldde	inbeelden:v
inbeeldt	inbeelden:v
inbeeldden	inbeelden:v
inbeeldend	inbeelden:v
ingebeeld	inbeelden:v
kogelbrieven	kogelbrief:n
kogelbriefje	kogelbrief:n
microplastics	microplastic:n
volksetymologische	volksetymologisch:a
taxonomen	taxonoom:n
taxonoompje	taxonoom:n
taxonomische	taxonomisch:a
betaalmuren	betaalmuur:n
betaalmuurtje	betaalmuur:n
vuurmuren	vuurmuur:n
vuurmuurtje	vuurmuur:n
salonfähiger	salonfähig:a
salonfähigst	salonfähig:a
salonfähige	salonfähig:a
salonfähigere	salonfähig:a
salonfähigste	salonfähig:a
Hoogduitse	Hoogduits:a
Vroegnieuwhoogduitse	Vroegnieuwhoogduits:a
Nieuwhoogduitse	Nieuwhoogduits:a
klankverschuivingen	klankverschuiving:n
klankverschuivinkje	klankverschuiving:n
Nieuwnederlandse	Nieuwnederlands:a
Vroegnieuwnederlandse	Vroegnieuwnederlands:a
Nieuwengelse	Nieuwengels:a
Vroegnieuwengelse	Vroegnieuwengels:a
Montenegrijnser	Montenegrijns:a
Montenegrijnst	Montenegrijns:a
Montenegrijnse	Montenegrijns:a
Montenegrijnsere	Montenegrijns:a
Montenegrijnste	Montenegrijns:a
Oergermaanse	Oergermaans:a
Oerindoeuropeese	Oerindoeuropees:a
Proto-Indo-Europeese	Proto-Indo-Europees:a
Proto-Germaanse	Proto-Germaans:a
Oudnoordse	Oudnoords:a
Oudoostnoordse	Oudoostnoords:a
Oudwestnoordse	Oudwestnoords:a
Oudfriese	Oudfries:a
Oerslavische	Oerslavisch:a
Oerkeltische	Oerkeltisch:a
Oeroeralische	Oeroeralisch:a
Oeralische	Oeralisch:a
Finoegrisch	Fins-Oegrisch:a
Fins-Oegrische	Fins-Oegrisch:a
Oostzeefinse	Oostzeefins:a
Baltisch-Finse	Baltisch-Fins:a
Baltische	Baltisch:a
Oudnederduitse	Oudnederduits:a
Middelnederduitse	Middelnederduits:a
Middelsaksische	Middelsaksisch:a
Oudierse	Oudiers:a
Middelierse	Middeliers:a
Oudfranse	Oudfrans:a
Middelfranse	Middelfrans:a
Oudoostslavische	Oudoostslavisch:a
vulgair-Latijnse	vulgair-Latijns:a
Sardinische	Sardinisch:a
Sardijnse	Sardijns:a
Brabantse	Brabants:a
vuurkaarten	vuurkaart:n
vuurkaartje	vuurkaart:n
dictees	dictee:n
dicteetje	dictee:n
loek	loeken:v
loekte	loeken:v
loekt	loeken:v
loekten	loeken:v
loekend	loeken:v
geloekt	loeken:v
loeke	loeken:v
levensmiddelen	levensmiddel:n
levensmiddeltje	levensmiddel:n
laarder	laar:a
lare	laar:a
laardere	laar:a
laarste	laar:a
laren	laar:n
laartje	laar:n
biergisten	biergist:n
biergistje	biergist:n
eukaryotische	eukaryotisch:a
voortekenen	voorteken:n
voortekens	voorteken:n
voortekentje	voorteken:n
haatbaarden	haatbaard:n
haatbaardje	haatbaard:n
hometrainers	hometrainer:n
hometrainertje	hometrainer:n
zwerm	zwermen:v
zwermde	zwermen:v
zwermt	zwermen:v
zwermden	zwermen:v
zwermend	zwermen:v
gezwermd	zwermen:v
verdriet	verdrieten:v
verdroot	verdrieten:v
verdroten	verdrieten:v
verdrietend	verdrieten:v
ampèremeters	ampèremeter:n
ampèremetertje	ampèremeter:n
stroommeters	stroommeter:n
stroommetertje	stroommeter:n
spanningsmeters	spanningsmeter:n
spanningsmetertje	spanningsmeter:n
snelheidsmeters	snelheidsmeter:n
snelheidsmetertje	snelheidsmeter:n
newtonmeters	newtonmeter:n
newtonmetertje	newtonmeter:n
platendraaiers	platendraaier:n
platendraaiertje	platendraaier:n
schooiers	schooier:n
schooiertje	schooier:n
doode	dode:n
schildluizen	schildluis:n
schildluisje	schildluis:n
GAS-boetes	GAS-boete:n
GAS-boetje	GAS-boete:n
methodischer	methodisch:a
methodischt	methodisch:a
methodische	methodisch:a
methodischere	methodisch:a
methodischte	methodisch:a
alkaantje	alkaan:n
decanen	decaan:n
decaantje	decaan:n
pentenen	penteen:n
spreien	sprei:n
spreitje	sprei:n
dominostekkers	dominostekker:n
reaguurders	reaguurder:n
reaguurdertje	reaguurder:n
afschuw	afschuwen:v
afschuwde	afschuwen:v
afschuwt	afschuwen:v
afschuwden	afschuwen:v
afschuwend	afschuwen:v
afgeschuwd	afschuwen:v
homohuwelijken	homohuwelijk:n
homohuwelijkje	homohuwelijk:n
homobommen	homobom:n
homobommetje	homobom:n
homofoben	homofoob:n
homofoobje	homofoob:n
homofober	homofoob:a
homofoobst	homofoob:a
homofobe	homofoob:a
homofobere	homofoob:a
homofoobste	homofoob:a
Turkmeensen	Turkmeense:n
opgaaf	opgave:n
voorspoken	voorspook:n
voorspookje	voorspook:n
zytologen	zytoloog:n
zytoloogje	zytoloog:n
pajot	pagnot:n
eenzelviger	eenzelvig:a
eenzelvigst	eenzelvig:a
dazel	dazelen:v
dazelde	dazelen:v
dazelt	dazelen:v
dazelden	dazelen:v
dazelend	dazelen:v
gedazeld	dazelen:v
minderen	mindere:n
minderde	minderen:v
mindert	minderen:v
minderden	minderen:v
minderend	minderen:v
geminderd	minderen:v
vergasten	vergassen:v
inspectrice	inspecteur:n
benenwagens	benenwagen:n
benenwagentje	benenwagen:n
feestgangers	feestganger:n
feestgangertje	feestganger:n
feestbeesten	feestbeest:n
feestbeestje	feestbeest:n
gaanders	gaander:n
gaandertje	gaander:n
verstaanders	verstaander:n
verstaandertje	verstaander:n
vakantiegangers	vakantieganger:n
vakantiegangertje	vakantieganger:n
discogangers	discoganger:n
discogangertje	discoganger:n
schoolgangers	schoolganger:n
schoolgangertje	schoolganger:n
moskeegangers	moskeeganger:n
moskeegangertje	moskeeganger:n
synagogegangers	synagogeganger:n
synagogegangertje	synagogeganger:n
synagogen	synagoge:n
synagoges	synagoge:n
synagogetje	synagoge:n
assie's	assie:n
assietje	assie:n
dementeer	dementeren:v
dementeerde	dementeren:v
dementeert	dementeren:v
dementeerden	dementeren:v
dementerend	dementeren:v
gedementeerd	dementeren:v
spiegeleieren	spiegelei:n
spiegeleitje	spiegelei:n
telefonische	telefonisch:a
uitvaartje	uitvaart:n
gasdichter	gasdicht:a
gasdichtst	gasdicht:a
gasdichte	gasdicht:a
gasdichtere	gasdicht:a
gasdichtste	gasdicht:a
Moederdagen	Moederdag:n
telefoonbomen	telefoonboom:n
telefoonboompje	telefoonboom:n
misdadigst	misdadig:a
misdadige	misdadig:a
misdadigere	misdadig:a
misdadigste	misdadig:a
misdader	misdadiger:n
kasseien	kassei:n
kasseitje	kassei:n
straatstenen	straatsteen:n
straatsteentje	straatsteen:n
velodromen	velodroom:n
velodroompje	velodroom:n
em.	emeritus:a
sovnarchozen	sovnarchoz:n
sovnarchozje	sovnarchoz:n
verduidelijkingetje	verduidelijking:n
zeuven	zeven:u
viever	vief:a
viefst	vief:a
vieve	vief:a
vievere	vief:a
viefste	vief:a
bescheer	bescheren:v
beschoor	bescheren:v
bescheert	bescheren:v
beschoren	bescheren:v
bescherend	bescheren:v
bescheerde	bescheren:v
bescheerden	bescheren:v
bescheerd	bescheren:v
byou	bijou:n
herzieningen	herziening:n
plisie	politie:n
spiegelreflexcamera's	spiegelreflexcamera:n
spiegelreflexcameraatje	spiegelreflexcamera:n
sufkoppen	sufkop:n
sufkopje	sufkop:n
zuipkoppen	zuipkop:n
zuipkopje	zuipkop:n
Rotterdammers	Rotterdammer:n
Rotterdammertje	Rotterdammer:n
vermijdingen	vermijding:n
vijlde	vijlen:v
vijlt	vijlen:v
vijlden	vijlen:v
vijlend	vijlen:v
gevijld	vijlen:v
viltjes	viltje:n
epenthesen	epenthese:n
schavuiten	schavuit:n
schavuitje	schavuit:n
kaakjes	kaakje:n
voetkussens	voetkussen:n
voetkussentje	voetkussen:n
elektrotechnische	elektrotechnisch:a
kopvoddentaksen	kopvoddentaks:n
kopvoddentaksje	kopvoddentaks:n
hoofddoekjesbelastingen	hoofddoekjesbelasting:n
hoofddoekjesbelastinkje	hoofddoekjesbelasting:n
waaghalzen	waaghals:n
waaghalsje	waaghals:n
gesamtkunstwerken	gesamtkunstwerk:n
gesamtkunstwerkje	gesamtkunstwerk:n
oosterburen	oosterbuur:n
oosterbuurtje	oosterbuur:n
visserschip	vissersschip:n
vleugelspeelsters	vleugelspeelster:n
vleugelspeelstertje	vleugelspeelster:n
vluchtelinge	vluchteling:n
kandijklontjes	kandijklontje:n
klontjes	klontje:n
kwakken	kwak:n
kwakje	kwak:n
kwakkie	kwak:n
vervorm	vervormen:v
vervormde	vervormen:v
vervormt	vervormen:v
vervormden	vervormen:v
vervormend	vervormen:v
vervormd	vervormen:v
timmerde	timmeren:v
timmert	timmeren:v
timmerden	timmeren:v
timmerend	timmeren:v
getimmerd	timmeren:v
bereden	berijden:v
srs	serieus:a
bloten	bloot:n
branies	branie:n
branietje	branie:n
spindoctors	spindoctor:n
spindoctoren	spindoctor:n
spindoctortje	spindoctor:n
planetenstelsels	planetenstelsel:n
planetenstelseltje	planetenstelsel:n
geneeskundige	geneeskundig:a
bovenstaande	bovenstaand:a
hoogs	hoog:a
blijs	blij:a
onderstaands	onderstaand:a
bovenstaands	bovenstaand:a
ordeningen	ordening:n
gaslampen	gaslamp:n
gaslampje	gaslamp:n
diergaardje	diergaarde:n
wrok	wrokken:v
wrokte	wrokken:v
wrokt	wrokken:v
wrokten	wrokken:v
wrokkend	wrokken:v
gewrokt	wrokken:v
zeemansgraven	zeemansgraf:n
zegereeksen	zegereeks:n
zegereeksje	zegereeks:n
jampotten	jampot:n
jampotje	jampot:n
kweek	kweken:v
kweekte	kweken:v
kweekt	kweken:v
kweekten	kweken:v
kwekend	kweken:v
gekweekt	kweken:v
doeltreffender	doeltreffend:a
doeltreffendst	doeltreffend:a
doeltreffende	doeltreffend:a
doeltreffendere	doeltreffend:a
doeltreffendste	doeltreffend:a
bobje	bob:n
paf	paffen:v
pafte	paffen:v
paft	paffen:v
paften	paffen:v
paffend	paffen:v
gepaft	paffen:v
geldgieriger	geldgierig:a
geldgierigst	geldgierig:a
plassers	plasser:n
plassertje	plasser:n
brok	brokken:v
brokte	brokken:v
brokt	brokken:v
brokten	brokken:v
brokkend	brokken:v
gebrokt	brokken:v
Maleisen	Maleise:n
condoleances	condoleance:n
kaneelstokken	kaneelstok:n
stoei	stoeien:v
stoeide	stoeien:v
stoeit	stoeien:v
stoeiden	stoeien:v
stoeiend	stoeien:v
gestoeid	stoeien:v
regelnichten	regelnicht:n
regelnichtje	regelnicht:n
lemmetjes	lemmetje:n
lijfjes	lijfje:n
shuttlebussen	shuttlebus:n
shuttlebusje	shuttlebus:n
oeverlozer	oeverloos:a
oeverloost	oeverloos:a
oeverloze	oeverloos:a
oeverlozere	oeverloos:a
oeverlooste	oeverloos:a
bananenschillen	bananenschil:n
bananenschilletje	bananenschil:n
drs.	doctorandus:n
dropjes	dropje:n
grief	grieven:v
griefde	grieven:v
grieft	grieven:v
griefden	grieven:v
grievend	grieven:v
gegriefd	grieven:v
nasla	naslaan:v
nasloeg	naslaan:v
naslaat	naslaan:v
nasloegen	naslaan:v
naslaand	naslaan:v
nageslagen	naslaan:v
naslagen	naslag:n
naslagje	naslag:n
naslagwerken	naslagwerk:n
naslagwerkje	naslagwerk:n
lakenloden	lakenlood:n
lakenloodje	lakenlood:n
muziekjes	muziekje:n
voorbariger	voorbarig:a
voorbarigst	voorbarig:a
voorbarige	voorbarig:a
voorbarigere	voorbarig:a
voorbarigste	voorbarig:a
prematuurder	prematuur:a
prematuurst	prematuur:a
premature	prematuur:a
prematuurdere	prematuur:a
prematuurste	prematuur:a
ijlhoofdiger	ijlhoofdig:a
ijlhoofdigst	ijlhoofdig:a
ijlhoofdige	ijlhoofdig:a
ijlhoofdigere	ijlhoofdig:a
ijlhoofdigste	ijlhoofdig:a
jaartientallen	jaartiental:n
reptieligheden	reptieligheid:n
reptieligheidje	reptieligheid:n
reptielachtigheden	reptielachtigheid:n
reptielachtigheidje	reptielachtigheid:n
smerissen	smeris:n
smerisje	smeris:n
wittigers	wittiger:n
wittigertje	wittiger:n
zerptes	zerpte:n
wandelrouten	wandelroute:n
wandelroutes	wandelroute:n
liftsters	liftster:n
liftstertje	liftster:n
knot	knotten:v
knotte	knotten:v
knottend	knotten:v
geknot	knotten:v
kokhals	kokhalzen:v
kokhalsde	kokhalzen:v
kokhalst	kokhalzen:v
kokhalsden	kokhalzen:v
kokhalzend	kokhalzen:v
gekokhalsd	kokhalzen:v
knevel	knevelen:v
knevelde	knevelen:v
knevelt	knevelen:v
knevelden	knevelen:v
knevelend	knevelen:v
gekneveld	knevelen:v
Chileentje	Chileen:n
krul	krullen:v
krulde	krullen:v
krult	krullen:v
krulden	krullen:v
krullend	krullen:v
gekruld	krullen:v
lak	lakken:v
lakte	lakken:v
lakt	lakken:v
lakten	lakken:v
lakkend	lakken:v
gelakt	lakken:v
uitwaai	uitwaaien:v
uitwaaide	uitwaaien:v
uitwaait	uitwaaien:v
uitwaaiden	uitwaaien:v
uitwaaiend	uitwaaien:v
uitgewaaid	uitwaaien:v
uitwoei	uitwaaien:v
uitwoeien	uitwaaien:v
zilvermeeuwen	zilvermeeuw:n
zilvermeeuwtje	zilvermeeuw:n
witkopmeeuwen	witkopmeeuw:n
witkopmeeuwtje	witkopmeeuw:n
oogringen	oogring:n
oogringetje	oogring:n
vuilnisbelten	vuilnisbelt:n
vuilnisbeltje	vuilnisbelt:n
withete	witheet:a
draaicirkels	draaicirkel:n
draaicirkeltje	draaicirkel:n
stedelingen	stedeling:n
stedelingetje	stedeling:n
stadsbewoners	stadsbewoner:n
stadsbewonertje	stadsbewoner:n
dorpsbewoners	dorpsbewoner:n
dorpsbewonertje	dorpsbewoner:n
plattelanders	plattelander:n
plattelandertje	plattelander:n
wolkjes	wolkje:n
vergeeflijke	vergeeflijk:a
onvergeeflijke	onvergeeflijk:a
voordekken	voordek:n
voordekje	voordek:n
oubliëtten	oubliëtte:n
oubliëtje	oubliëtte:n
vergeetputten	vergeetput:n
vergeetputje	vergeetput:n
leveranties	leverantie:n
levenswijzen	levenswijze:n
levenspartners	levenspartner:n
loopgraven	loopgraaf:n
loopgraafje	loopgraaf:n
aanwakker	aanwakkeren:v
aanwakkerde	aanwakkeren:v
aanwakkert	aanwakkeren:v
aanwakkerden	aanwakkeren:v
aanwakkerend	aanwakkeren:v
aangewakkerd	aanwakkeren:v
bedring	bedringen:v
bedrong	bedringen:v
bedringt	bedringen:v
bedrongen	bedringen:v
bedringend	bedringen:v
Cabo's	Cabo:n
Cabootje	Cabo:n
trein	treinen:v
treinde	treinen:v
treint	treinen:v
treinden	treinen:v
treinend	treinen:v
getreind	treinen:v
prullen	prul:n
prulletje	prul:n
prullenbakken	prullenbak:n
prullenbakje	prullenbak:n
prullenmanden	prullenmand:n
prullenmandje	prullenmand:n
vuilbak	vuilnisbak:n
rotzooien	rotzooi:n
rotzooitje	rotzooi:n
warriger	warrig:a
warrigst	warrig:a
warrige	warrig:a
warrigere	warrig:a
warrigste	warrig:a
ontwar	ontwarren:v
ontwarde	ontwarren:v
ontwart	ontwarren:v
ontwarden	ontwarren:v
ontwarrend	ontwarren:v
ontward	ontwarren:v
onscherper	onscherp:a
onscherpst	onscherp:a
onscherpe	onscherp:a
onscherpere	onscherp:a
onscherpste	onscherp:a
scherpstel	scherpstellen:v
scherpstelde	scherpstellen:v
scherpstelt	scherpstellen:v
scherpstelden	scherpstellen:v
scherpstellend	scherpstellen:v
scherpgesteld	scherpstellen:v
voorzeg	voorzeggen:v
voorzei	voorzeggen:v
voorzegde	voorzeggen:v
voorzegt	voorzeggen:v
voorzeiden	voorzeggen:v
voorzegden	voorzeggen:v
voorzeggend	voorzeggen:v
voorgezegd	voorzeggen:v
voorzegd	voorzeggen:v
middernachtzonnen	middernachtzon:n
middernachtzonnetje	middernachtzon:n
poolnachten	poolnacht:n
poolnachtje	poolnacht:n
pooldagen	pooldag:n
pooldagje	pooldag:n
kapsalons	kapsalon:n
kapsalonnetje	kapsalon:n
tokkies	tokkie:n
tokkietje	tokkie:n
Euromajdan	Euromaidan:m
MKZ-epidemieën	MKZ-epidemie:n
MKZ-epidemies	MKZ-epidemie:n
MKZ-epidemietje	MKZ-epidemie:n
ajuinen	ajuin:n
ajuintje	ajuin:n
eesten	eest:n
eestje	eest:n
roddelbladen	roddelblad:n
roddelblaadje	roddelblad:n
lengtegraden	lengtegraad:n
lengtegraadje	lengtegraad:n
sublimeer	sublimeren:v
sublimeerde	sublimeren:v
sublimeert	sublimeren:v
sublimeerden	sublimeren:v
sublimerend	sublimeren:v
gesublimeerd	sublimeren:v
cellistes	celliste:n
mandaatje	mandaat:n
vlambogen	vlamboog:n
vlamboogje	vlamboog:n
natuurvorsers	natuurvorser:n
natuurvorsertje	natuurvorser:n
haars	haar:t|zij:r
geluiddempers	geluiddemper:n
geluiddempertje	geluiddemper:n
arbeid	arbeiden:v
arbeidde	arbeiden:v
arbeidt	arbeiden:v
arbeidden	arbeiden:v
arbeidend	arbeiden:v
gearbeid	arbeiden:v
schuchterder	schuchter:a
schuchterst	schuchter:a
schuchtere	schuchter:a
schuchterdere	schuchter:a
schuchterste	schuchter:a
blijd	blijden:v
blijdde	blijden:v
blijdt	blijden:v
blijdden	blijden:v
blijdend	blijden:v
geblijd	blijden:v
miraculeuzer	miraculeus:a
miraculeust	miraculeus:a
miraculeuze	miraculeus:a
miraculeuzere	miraculeus:a
miraculeuste	miraculeus:a
klepels	klepel:n
klepeltje	klepel:n
gestager	gestaag:a
gestaagst	gestaag:a
gestage	gestaag:a
gestagere	gestaag:a
gestaagste	gestaag:a
stemfies	stemfie:n
stemfietje	stemfie:n
doodloop	doodlopen:v
doodliep	doodlopen:v
doodloopt	doodlopen:v
doodliepen	doodlopen:v
doodlopend	doodlopen:v
doodgelopen	doodlopen:v
Goudse	Gouds:a
woekerleen	woekerlenen:v
woekerleende	woekerlenen:v
woekerleent	woekerlenen:v
woekerleenden	woekerlenen:v
woekerlenend	woekerlenen:v
gewoekerleend	woekerlenen:v
zegezekerder	zegezeker:a
zegezekerst	zegezeker:a
zegezekere	zegezeker:a
zegezekerdere	zegezeker:a
zegezekerste	zegezeker:a
overwinningsnederlagen	overwinningsnederlaag:n
overwinningsnederlaagje	overwinningsnederlaag:n
incels	incel:n
deciseconden	deciseconde:n
decisecondes	deciseconde:n
decaseconden	decaseconde:n
decasecondes	decaseconde:n
femtosteradialen	femtosteradiaal:n
mega-ampères	mega-ampère:n
microsteradialen	microsteradiaal:n
millisteradialen	millisteradiaal:n
megaseconden	megaseconde:n
megasecondes	megaseconde:n
nanosteradialen	nanosteradiaal:n
peta-ampères	peta-ampère:n
petaseconden	petaseconde:n
petasecondes	petaseconde:n
tera-ampères	tera-ampère:n
teraseconden	teraseconde:n
terasecondes	teraseconde:n
sjonge	tjonge:i
Ethiopische	Ethiopisch:a
Ethiopischen	Ethiopische:n
vaagtalen	vaagtaal:n
vaagtaaltje	vaagtaal:n
knecht	knechten:v
knechtte	knechten:v
knechtten	knechten:v
knechtend	knechten:v
geknecht	knechten:v
WK	wereldkampioenschap:n
wereldkampioenschappen	wereldkampioenschap:n
wereldkampioenschapje	wereldkampioenschap:n
wereldkampioenen	wereldkampioen:n
wereldkampioentje	wereldkampioen:n
kopstoten	kopstoot:n
kopstootje	kopstoot:n
temporiseer	temporiseren:v
temporiseerde	temporiseren:v
temporiseert	temporiseren:v
temporiseerden	temporiseren:v
temporiserend	temporiseren:v
getemporiseerd	temporiseren:v
referentiekaders	referentiekader:n
referentiekadertje	referentiekader:n
floppydisks	floppydisk:n
floppydiskje	floppydisk:n
forens	forenzen:v
forensde	forenzen:v
forenst	forenzen:v
forensden	forenzen:v
forenzend	forenzen:v
geforensd	forenzen:v
oeds	oed:n
oedje	oed:n
gedaanteverwisselingen	gedaanteverwisseling:n
oversten	overste:n
geluk	gelukken:v
gelukte	gelukken:v
gelukten	gelukken:v
gelukkend	gelukken:v
wichelroeden	wichelroede:n
wichelroedes	wichelroede:n
wichelroedetje	wichelroede:n
wichel	wichelen:v
wichelde	wichelen:v
wichelt	wichelen:v
wichelden	wichelen:v
wichelend	wichelen:v
gewicheld	wichelen:v
Haïtiaansen	Haïtiaanse:n
grondde	gronden:v
grondt	gronden:v
grondden	gronden:v
grondend	gronden:v
gegrond	gronden:v
Sassen	Saksen:m
metalumlauten	metalumlaut:n
metalumlautje	metalumlaut:n
radiostations	radiostation:n
scoor	scoren:v
scoorde	scoren:v
scoort	scoren:v
scoorden	scoren:v
scorend	scoren:v
gescoord	scoren:v
afdruip	afdruipen:v
afdroop	afdruipen:v
afdruipt	afdruipen:v
afdropen	afdruipen:v
afdruipend	afdruipen:v
afgedropen	afdruipen:v
hogehoeden	hogehoed:n
hogehoedje	hogehoed:n
uilige	uilig:a
heiligenschrijnen	heiligenschrijn:n
heiligenschrijntje	heiligenschrijn:n
oorlogsverven	oorlogsverf:n
oorlogsverfje	oorlogsverf:n
reliekhouders	reliekhouder:n
reliekhoudertje	reliekhouder:n
tweelingwoorden	tweelingwoord:n
tweelingwoordje	tweelingwoord:n
harpoeneren	harpoenen:v
harpoeneer	harpoenen:v|harpoeneren:v
harpoeneerde	harpoenen:v|harpoeneren:v
harpoeneert	harpoenen:v|harpoeneren:v
harpoeneerden	harpoenen:v|harpoeneren:v
harpoenerend	harpoenen:v|harpoeneren:v
geharpoeneerd	harpoenen:v|harpoeneren:v
schotser	schots:a
schotst	schots:a
schotse	schots:a
schotsere	schots:a
schotste	schots:a
schotsen	schots:n
schotsje	schots:n
herkans	herkansen:v
herkanste	herkansen:v
herkanst	herkansen:v
herkansten	herkansen:v
herkansend	herkansen:v
sjuutje	jus:n
polsbanden	polsband:n
politiemannen	politieman:n
politiemannetje	politieman:n
chinees	chinezen:v
chineesde	chinezen:v
chineest	chinezen:v
chineesden	chinezen:v
chinezend	chinezen:v
gechineesd	chinezen:v
leraressen	lerares:n
leraresje	lerares:n
serveersters	serveerster:n
serveerstertje	serveerster:n
huwelijksreizen	huwelijksreis:n
huwelijksreisje	huwelijksreis:n
parkeerplaatsen	parkeerplaats:n
parkeerplaatsje	parkeerplaats:n
baleinen	balein:n
baleintje	balein:n
spierde	spieren:v
spierden	spieren:v
spierend	spieren:v
nikkers	nikker:n
nikkertje	nikker:n
reformaties	reformatie:n
ontweid	ontweiden:v|ontweien:v
ontweidde	ontweiden:v
ontweidt	ontweiden:v
ontweidden	ontweiden:v
ontweidend	ontweiden:v
ontdarm	ontdarmen:v
ontdarmde	ontdarmen:v
ontdarmt	ontdarmen:v
ontdarmden	ontdarmen:v
ontdarmend	ontdarmen:v
ontdarmd	ontdarmen:v
honkbalde	honkballen:v
honkbalt	honkballen:v
honkbalden	honkballen:v
honkballend	honkballen:v
gehonkbald	honkballen:v
vaam	vadem:n
televisieprogramma's	televisieprogramma:n
televisieprogrammaatje	televisieprogramma:n
Oudrussische	Oudrussisch:a
laagspanningen	laagspanning:n
laagspanninkje	laagspanning:n
parafimosen	parafimose:n
parafimoses	parafimose:n
parafimosetje	parafimose:n
doloreuzer	doloreus:a
doloreust	doloreus:a
doloreuze	doloreus:a
doloreuzere	doloreus:a
doloreuste	doloreus:a
douloureus	doloreus:a
buikvinnen	buikvin:n
buikvinnetje	buikvin:n
borstvinnige	borstvinnig:a
rugvinnige	rugvinnig:a
staartvinnige	staartvinnig:a
vingerschud	vingerschudden:v
vingerschudde	vingerschudden:v
vingerschudt	vingerschudden:v
vingerschuddend	vingerschudden:v
gevingerschud	vingerschudden:v
prinsenvlaggen	prinsenvlag:n
prinsenvlaggetje	prinsenvlag:n
zwangerschapsonderbrekingen	zwangerschapsonderbreking:n
zwangerschapsonderbrekinkje	zwangerschapsonderbreking:n
vruchtafdrijvingen	vruchtafdrijving:n
vruchtafdrijvinkje	vruchtafdrijving:n
afdrijvingen	afdrijving:n
afdrijvinkje	afdrijving:n
gewrochter	gewrocht:a
gewrochtst	gewrocht:a
gewrochte	gewrocht:a
gewrochtere	gewrocht:a
gewrochtste	gewrocht:a
gewrochten	gewrocht:n
gewrochtje	gewrocht:n
gewrochts	gewrocht:a
wrochtte	wrochten:v
wrochtten	wrochten:v
wrochtend	wrochten:v
wrochte	wrochten:v
morsealfabetten	morsealfabet:n
uitademingen	uitademing:n
uitademingetje	uitademing:n
inadem	inademen:v
inademde	inademen:v
inademt	inademen:v
inademden	inademen:v
inademend	inademen:v
ingeademd	inademen:v
pekelzonden	pekelzonde:n
pekelzondes	pekelzonde:n
pekelzondetje	pekelzonde:n
schietijzers	schietijzer:n
schietijzertje	schietijzer:n
ellenboog	elleboog:n
ijswoestijnen	ijswoestijn:n
ijswoestijntje	ijswoestijn:n
serpentinesprays	serpentinespray:n
serpentinespraytje	serpentinespray:n
taren	taar:n
middagetentje	middageten:n
hertenbokken	hertenbok:n
hertenbokje	hertenbok:n
supermanen	supermaan:n
pasteien	pastei:n
pasteitje	pastei:n
optativi	optativus:n
optativussen	optativus:n
optativusje	optativus:n
doelvrouwen	doelvrouw:n
doelvrouwtje	doelvrouw:n
basculebruggen	basculebrug:n
basculebruggetje	basculebrug:n
valbruggen	valbrug:n
valbruggetje	valbrug:n
middaguren	middaguur:n
kabinetsraden	kabinetsraad:n
kabinetsraadje	kabinetsraad:n
witbieren	witbier:n
witbiertje	witbier:n
gemakswinkels	gemakswinkel:n
gemakswinkeltje	gemakswinkel:n
buurtwinkels	buurtwinkel:n
buurtwinkeltje	buurtwinkel:n
steng	stang:n
stengen	steng:n
stengetje	steng:n
arbeidsters	arbeidster:n
arbeidstertje	arbeidster:n
kelnerinnen	kelnerin:n
kelnerinnetje	kelnerin:n
diensters	dienster:n
dienstertje	dienster:n
koffietjes	koffietje:n
koophuizen	koophuis:n
koophuisje	koophuis:n
huurhuizen	huurhuis:n
huurhuisje	huurhuis:n
kussentjes	kussentje:n
kosters	koster:n
kostertje	koster:n
neurodivergenter	neurodivergent:a
neurodivergentst	neurodivergent:a
neurodivergente	neurodivergent:a
neurodivergentere	neurodivergent:a
neurodivergentste	neurodivergent:a
wrechten	wrecht:n
wrechtje	wrecht:n
melmen	melm:n
melmpje	melm:n
uitlanders	uitlander:n
uitlandertje	uitlander:n
uitlanden	uitland:n
uitlandje	uitland:n
knalpotten	knalpot:n
knalpotje	knalpot:n
kundiger	kundig:a
kundigst	kundig:a
kundige	kundig:a
kundigere	kundig:a
kundigste	kundig:a
rassenrelaties	rassenrelatie:n
enklauwen	enklauw:n
enklauwtje	enklauw:n
schapetje	schape:n
voogdijen	voogdij:n
kuiperinnen	kuiperin:n
kuiperinnetje	kuiperin:n
sleeuw	slee:a
voogdessen	voogdes:n
voogdesje	voogdes:n
volstrekter	volstrekt:a
volstrektst	volstrekt:a
treeften	treeft:n
treeftje	treeft:n
prikborden	prikbord:n
prikbordje	prikbord:n
maaltijdde	maaltijden:v
maaltijdt	maaltijden:v
maaltijdden	maaltijden:v
maaltijdend	maaltijden:v
gemaaltijd	maaltijden:v
onderzetters	onderzetter:n
onderzettertje	onderzetter:n
nakies	nakie:n
meteoortje	meteoor:n
noodgevallen	noodgeval:n
schoonmakers	schoonmaker:n
schoonmaaksters	schoonmaakster:n
miljonairs	miljonair:n
miljonairtje	miljonair:n
mineraloges	mineraloge:n
dierenmishandelingen	dierenmishandeling:n
aalfuiken	aalfuik:n
aalfuikje	aalfuik:n
fuiken	fuik:n
fuikje	fuik:n
baadsters	baadster:n
baadstertje	baadster:n
aaibaarheidsfactoren	aaibaarheidsfactor:n
aagten	aagt:n
aagtje	aagt:n
aagtappels	aagtappel:n
aagtappeltje	aagtappel:n
aaiingen	aaiing:n
aaiinkje	aaiing:n
strelingen	streling:n
strelinkje	streling:n
liefkozingen	liefkozing:n
liefkozinkje	liefkozing:n
geer	geren:v
geerde	geren:v
geert	geren:v
geerden	geren:v
gegeerd	geren:v
aalgeren	aalgeer:n
aalgeertje	aalgeer:n
aalkuipen	aalkuip:n
aalkuipje	aalkuip:n
aalscharen	aalschaar:n
aalschaartje	aalschaar:n
aalsperen	aalspeer:n
aalspeertje	aalspeer:n
aalmoezenierskamers	aalmoezenierskamer:n
moederschapsrusten	moederschapsrust:n
monarchvlinders	monarchvlinder:n
monarchvlindertje	monarchvlinder:n
putjes	putje:n
natuurmensen	natuurmens:n
natuurmensje	natuurmens:n
natuurwetten	natuurwet:n
onnauwkeurigheden	onnauwkeurigheid:n
onnauwkeurigheidje	onnauwkeurigheid:n
slordigheden	slordigheid:n
slordigheidje	slordigheid:n
aalpompen	aalpomp:n
aalpompje	aalpomp:n
aalputten	aalput:n
aalputje	aalput:n
armringen	armring:n
armringetje	armring:n
aalstrepen	aalstreep:n
aalstreepje	aalstreep:n
aanbaksels	aanbaksel:n
aanbakseltje	aanbaksel:n
aanbedenen	aanbedene:n
zwendel	zwendelen:v
zwendelde	zwendelen:v
zwendelt	zwendelen:v
zwendelden	zwendelen:v
zwendelend	zwendelen:v
gezwendeld	zwendelen:v
zwendeltje	zwendel:n
zwendele	zwendelen:v
wegjaag	wegjagen:v
wegjoeg	wegjagen:v
wegjaagt	wegjagen:v
wegjoegen	wegjagen:v
wegjagend	wegjagen:v
weggejaagd	wegjagen:v
boffers	boffer:n
boffertje	boffer:n
appelkoos	abrikoos:n
ruigten	ruigte:n
ruigtes	ruigte:n
kinderkopjes	kinderkopje:n
traktaten	traktaat:n
wormdodender	wormdodend:a
wormdodendst	wormdodend:a
echels	echel:n
echeltje	echel:n
onderbazinnen	onderbazin:n
onderbazinnetje	onderbazin:n
repressies	repressie:n
repressietje	repressie:n
bovenkaken	bovenkaak:n
bovenkaakje	bovenkaak:n
kalifaten	kalifaat:n
kalifaatje	kalifaat:n
driehoeksgolfje	driehoeksgolf:n
ontstekingssystemen	ontstekingssysteem:n
ontstekingssysteempje	ontstekingssysteem:n
projectontwikkelaars	projectontwikkelaar:n
projectontwikkelaartje	projectontwikkelaar:n
panslavisten	panslavist:n
lappenpoppen	lappenpop:n
lappenpopje	lappenpop:n
voddenpoppen	voddenpop:n
voddenpopje	voddenpop:n
kloddenpoppen	kloddenpop:n
kloddenpopje	kloddenpop:n
klodden	klodde:n
kloddetje	klodde:n
almanakken	almanak:n
almanakje	almanak:n
intoleranties	intolerantie:n
intolerantietje	intolerantie:n
onzorgvuldigheden	onzorgvuldigheid:n
onzorgvuldigheidje	onzorgvuldigheid:n
zorgvuldigheden	zorgvuldigheid:n
zorgvuldigheidje	zorgvuldigheid:n
onzorgvuldiger	onzorgvuldig:a
onzorgvuldigst	onzorgvuldig:a
onzorgvuldige	onzorgvuldig:a
onzorgvuldigere	onzorgvuldig:a
onzorgvuldigste	onzorgvuldig:a
onwettigheden	onwettigheid:n
onwettigheidje	onwettigheid:n
illegaliteiten	illegaliteit:n
legaliteiten	legaliteit:n
bezienswaardiger	bezienswaardig:a
bezienswaardigst	bezienswaardig:a
bezienswaardige	bezienswaardig:a
bezienswaardigere	bezienswaardig:a
bezienswaardigste	bezienswaardig:a
kouters	kouter:n
koutertje	kouter:n
ploegscharen	ploegschaar:n
ploegschaartje	ploegschaar:n
ploegijzers	ploegijzer:n
ploegijzertje	ploegijzer:n
oplichtsters	oplichtster:n
oplichtstertje	oplichtster:n
bedriegsters	bedriegster:n
bedriegstertje	bedriegster:n
inlijvingen	inlijving:n
inlijvinkje	inlijving:n
luchtverversingen	luchtverversing:n
hagelstormen	hagelstorm:n
hagelstormpje	hagelstorm:n
bijleer	bijleren:v
bijleerde	bijleren:v
bijleert	bijleren:v
bijleerden	bijleren:v
bijlerend	bijleren:v
bijgeleerd	bijleren:v
zitkamers	zitkamer:n
zitkamertje	zitkamer:n
prikkelingen	prikkeling:n
prikkelingetje	prikkeling:n
taxateurs	taxateur:n
taxateurtje	taxateur:n
pukkels	pukkel:n
pukkeltje	pukkel:n
redundanties	redundantie:n
schermgezichten	schermgezicht:n
schermgezichtje	schermgezicht:n
knevels	knevel:n
kneveltje	knevel:n
sterfdagen	sterfdag:n
Palestijnen	Palestijn:m
Palestijntje	Palestijn:m
bankovervallen	bankoverval:n
bankovervalletje	bankoverval:n
bankovervallers	bankovervaller:n
bankovervallertje	bankovervaller:n
uitspuug	uitspugen:v
uitspuugde	uitspugen:v
uitspuugt	uitspugen:v
uitspuugden	uitspugen:v
uitspugend	uitspugen:v
uitgespuugd	uitspugen:v
baboes	baboe:n
baboetje	baboe:n
dadelpalmen	dadelpalm:n
dadelpalmpje	dadelpalm:n
kegelsneden	kegelsnede:n
hyperbooltje	hyperbool:n
electies	electie:n
tandplak	tandplaque:n
tandplaques	tandplaque:n
codewoorden	codewoord:n
codewoordje	codewoord:n
toverwoorden	toverwoord:n
toverwoordje	toverwoord:n
doctoranda's	doctoranda:n
doctorandae	doctoranda:n
raadspensionarissen	raadspensionaris:n
raadspensionarisje	raadspensionaris:n
aanteken	aantekenen:v
aantekende	aantekenen:v
aantekent	aantekenen:v
aantekenden	aantekenen:v
aantekenend	aantekenen:v
aangetekend	aantekenen:v
telefonisten	telefonist:n
plaaggeesten	plaaggeest:n
plaaggeestje	plaaggeest:n
folterbanken	folterbank:n
folterbankje	folterbank:n
piraatjes	piraatje:n
Geräuschemachers	Geräuschemacher:n
grammofonen	grammofoon:n
grammofoons	grammofoon:n
grammofoontje	grammofoon:n
draaitafels	draaitafel:n
draaitafeltje	draaitafel:n
grammofoonplaten	grammofoonplaat:n
grammofoonplaatje	grammofoonplaat:n
platenzaken	platenzaak:n
platenzaakje	platenzaak:n
afschaaf	afschaven:v
afschaafde	afschaven:v
afschaaft	afschaven:v
afschaafden	afschaven:v
afschavend	afschaven:v
afgeschaafd	afschaven:v
videorecorders	videorecorder:n
videorecordertje	videorecorder:n
polsslagen	polsslag:n
polsslagje	polsslag:n
stadspoorten	stadspoort:n
stadspoortje	stadspoort:n
poppenspelers	poppenspeler:n
poppenspelertje	poppenspeler:n
poppenspeelsters	poppenspeelster:n
poppenspeelstertje	poppenspeelster:n
weidmannen	weidman:n
weidlieden	weidman:n
weidlui	weidman:n
weidmannetje	weidman:n
zwaden	zwade:n|zwad:n
zwadetje	zwade:n
zichels	zichel:n
zicheltje	zichel:n
regenmantels	regenmantel:n
regenmanteltje	regenmantel:n
koraalriffen	koraalrif:n
koraalrifje	koraalrif:n
karavanen	karavaan:n
karavaantje	karavaan:n
gasmaskers	gasmasker:n
gasmaskertje	gasmasker:n
schraap	schrapen:v
schraapte	schrapen:v
schraapt	schrapen:v
schraapten	schrapen:v
schrapend	schrapen:v
geschraapt	schrapen:v
momboren	momboor:n
momboortje	momboor:n
conjunctivi	conjunctivus:n
conjunctivussen	conjunctivus:n
conjunctivusje	conjunctivus:n
contubernalen	contubernaal:n
contubernaaltje	contubernaal:n
primaatschappen	primaatschap:n
schoolkinderen	schoolkind:n
schoolkindje	schoolkind:n
dissertaties	dissertatie:n
dissertatietje	dissertatie:n
zionisten	zionist:n
zionistje	zionist:n
kajuiten	kajuit:n
kajuitje	kajuit:n
abseil	abseilen:v
abseilde	abseilen:v
abseilt	abseilen:v
abseilden	abseilen:v
abseilend	abseilen:v
abgeseild	abseilen:v
demoties	demotie:n
voorstanderklieren	voorstanderklier:n
amphibrachen	amphibrachys:n
dierenpsychologen	dierenpsycholoog:n
psychologes	psychologe:n
polyvinylchloriden	polyvinylchloride:n
polyvinylchlorides	polyvinylchloride:n
polyvinylchloridetje	polyvinylchloride:n
etymologen	etymoloog:n
zwartepieten	zwartepiet:n
zwartepietje	zwartepiet:n
verschansingen	verschansing:n
verschansinkje	verschansing:n
roetpieten	roetpiet:n
roetpietje	roetpiet:n
vuistvechters	vuistvechter:n
vuistvechtertje	vuistvechter:n
radiotherapeuten	radiotherapeut:n
radiotherapeutje	radiotherapeut:n
radiotherapeutes	radiotherapeute:n
therapeuten	therapeut:n
therapeutje	therapeut:n
therapeute	therapeut:n
behandelaars	behandelaar:n
behandelaartje	behandelaar:n
fysiotherapeutes	fysiotherapeute:n
kinesitherapeuten	kinesitherapeut:n
kinesitherapeutje	kinesitherapeut:n
kinesitherapieën	kinesitherapie:n
psychotherapeuten	psychotherapeut:n
psychotherapeutes	psychotherapeute:n
kinesistes	kinesiste:n
rassensegregaties	rassensegregatie:n
jurisdictiën	jurisdictie:n
jurisdicties	jurisdictie:n
rechtsmachten	rechtsmacht:n
rechtswetenschappen	rechtswetenschap:n
even	evenen:v
evende	evenen:v
event	evenen:v
evenden	evenen:v
evenend	evenen:v
geëvend	evenen:v
mengel	mengelen:v
mengelde	mengelen:v
mengelt	mengelen:v
mengelden	mengelen:v
mengelend	mengelen:v
gemengeld	mengelen:v
mengelender	mengelend:a
mengelendst	mengelend:a
mengelende	mengelend:a
mengelendere	mengelend:a
mengelendste	mengelend:a
rechtsgedingen	rechtsgeding:n
schrijfzalen	schrijfzaal:n
schrijfzaaltje	schrijfzaal:n
onrechtvaardigheden	onrechtvaardigheid:n
rechtvaardigheidsgevoelens	rechtvaardigheidsgevoel:n
reuringen	reuring:n
reurinkje	reuring:n
sjaals	sjaal:n
sjaaltje	sjaal:n
pomeransen	pomerans:n
pomeransje	pomerans:n
fietsrotondes	fietsrotonde:n
fietsrotonden	fietsrotonde:n
fietsrotondetje	fietsrotonde:n
schar	scharren:v
scharde	scharren:v
schart	scharren:v
scharden	scharren:v
scharrend	scharren:v
geschard	scharren:v
fietsbruggen	fietsbrug:n
fietsbrugje	fietsbrug:n
fietsbruggetje	fietsbrug:n
buitenlanders	buitenlander:n
buitenlandertje	buitenlander:n
telelenzen	telelens:n
telelensje	telelens:n
redactrice	redacteur:n
graatje	graat:n
rotsplateaus	rotsplateau:n
rotsplateautje	rotsplateau:n
pindarotsjes	pindarotsje:n
lichtbrekingen	lichtbreking:n
caleidoscopen	caleidoscoop:n
caleidoscoopje	caleidoscoop:n
boombladen	boomblad:n
boombladeren	boomblad:n
boomblaadje	boomblad:n
waterfietsen	waterfiets:n
waterfietsje	waterfiets:n
racefietsen	racefiets:n
racefietsje	racefiets:n
uitsloof	uitsloven:v
uitsloofde	uitsloven:v
uitslooft	uitsloven:v
uitsloofden	uitsloven:v
uitslovend	uitsloven:v
uitgesloofd	uitsloven:v
tochtgenoten	tochtgenoot:n
tochtgenootje	tochtgenoot:n
luizenmarkten	luizenmarkt:n
luizenmarktje	luizenmarkt:n
Schotsen	Schotse:n
strevers	strever:n
strevertje	strever:n
bedenkelijker	bedenkelijk:a
bedenkelijkst	bedenkelijk:a
bedenkelijke	bedenkelijk:a
bedenkelijkere	bedenkelijk:a
bedenkelijkste	bedenkelijk:a
godsdienstigheden	godsdienstigheid:n
koopmanspaleizen	koopmanspaleis:n
kunstmestzakken	kunstmestzak:n
kunstmestzakje	kunstmestzak:n
gevechtsrantsoenen	gevechtsrantsoen:n
ontvlechtingsprocedures	ontvlechtingsprocedure:n
ontvlechtingen	ontvlechting:n
vozer	voos:a
voost	voos:a|vozen:v
voze	voos:a
vozere	voos:a
vooste	voos:a
veldbedden	veldbed:n
veldbedje	veldbed:n
masturbeer	masturberen:v
masturbeerde	masturberen:v
masturbeert	masturberen:v
masturbeerden	masturberen:v
masturberend	masturberen:v
gemasturbeerd	masturberen:v
schildklieren	schildklier:n
schildkliertje	schildklier:n
acolieten	acoliet:n
acolietje	acoliet:n
homerische	homerisch:a
roeiers	roeier:n
roeiertje	roeier:n
bootsmannen	bootsman:n
bootsmannetje	bootsman:n
bootsmannetjes	bootsmannetje:n
rocht	roeken:v
roekt	roeken:v
rochten	roeken:v
roekend	roeken:v
gerocht	roeken:v
lattenbodems	lattenbodem:n
lattenbodempje	lattenbodem:n
smeerpoetsen	smeerpoets:n
smeerpoetsje	smeerpoets:n
kerkbanken	kerkbank:n
kerkbankje	kerkbank:n
tafelpoten	tafelpoot:n
tafelpootje	tafelpoot:n
babyshampoos	babyshampoo:n
babyshampootje	babyshampoo:n
rondreis	rondreizen:v
rondreisde	rondreizen:v
rondreist	rondreizen:v
rondreisden	rondreizen:v
rondreizend	rondreizen:v
rondgereisd	rondreizen:v
draaisnelheden	draaisnelheid:n
skivakanties	skivakantie:n
skivakantietje	skivakantie:n
kruisvormige	kruisvormig:a
dikzakken	dikzak:n
dikzakje	dikzak:n
windhanen	windhaan:n
windhaantje	windhaan:n
weerhanen	weerhaan:n
weerhaantje	weerhaan:n
achterruiten	achterruit:n
achterruitje	achterruit:n
achterruitenwissers	achterruitenwisser:n
achterruitenwissertje	achterruitenwisser:n
moeiallen	moeial:n
moeials	moeial:n
moeialletje	moeial:n
vrachtschepen	vrachtschip:n
vrachtscheepje	vrachtschip:n
salmiakdropje	salmiakdrop:n
ws	waarschijnlijk:d
contracties	contractie:n
contractietje	contractie:n
afscheidingen	afscheiding:n
afscheidinkje	afscheiding:n
coöperaties	coöperatie:n
coöperatietje	coöperatie:n
samenwerkingsverbanden	samenwerkingsverband:n
samenwerkingsverbandje	samenwerkingsverband:n
meedenk	meedenken:v
meedacht	meedenken:v
meedenkt	meedenken:v
meedachten	meedenken:v
meedenkend	meedenken:v
meegedacht	meedenken:v
beleggers	belegger:n
beleggertje	belegger:n
smartengelden	smartengeld:n
tonijnen	tonijn:n
tonijntje	tonijn:n
melkers	melker:n
melkertje	melker:n
aanwijzingsborden	aanwijzingsbord:n
aanwijzingsbordje	aanwijzingsbord:n
combinatietangen	combinatietang:n
combinatietangetje	combinatietang:n
combinatiesleutels	combinatiesleutel:n
combinatiesleuteltje	combinatiesleutel:n
menievogels	menievogel:n
menievogeltje	menievogel:n
menieën	menie:n
menietje	menie:n
loodmenieën	loodmenie:n
loodmenietje	loodmenie:n
nak	nakken:v
nakte	nakken:v
nakt	nakken:v
nakten	nakken:v
nakkend	nakken:v
genakt	nakken:v
schildersplakbanden	schildersplakband:n
schildersplakbandje	schildersplakband:n
haardkleden	haardkleed:n
haardkleedje	haardkleed:n
gestrester	gestrest:a
gestrestst	gestrest:a
gestreste	gestrest:a
gestrestere	gestrest:a
gestrestste	gestrest:a
gestrest	stressen:v
sesamoliën	sesamolie:n
sesamolietje	sesamolie:n
Indiërs	Indiër:n
Indiasen	Indiase:n
torste	torsen:v
torst	torsen:v
torsten	torsen:v
torsend	torsen:v
getorst	torsen:v
stuntte	stunten:v
stuntten	stunten:v
stuntend	stunten:v
gestunt	stunten:v
studentikozer	studentikoos:a
studentikoost	studentikoos:a
studentikoze	studentikoos:a
studentikozere	studentikoos:a
studentikooste	studentikoos:a
obducties	obductie:n
obductietje	obductie:n
songfestivals	songfestival:n
songfestivalletje	songfestival:n
filmfestivals	filmfestival:n
filmfestivalletje	filmfestival:n
bloedspatten	bloedspat:n
bloedspatje	bloedspat:n
zadelkleden	zadelkleed:n
zadelkleedje	zadelkleed:n
haasjes	haasje:n
slachters	slachter:n
slachtertje	slachter:n
bulossen	bulos:n
spaghettivreters	spaghettivreter:n
spaghettivretertje	spaghettivreter:n
klerelijers	klerelijer:n
klerelijertje	klerelijer:n
programmeringen	programmering:n
informatici	informaticus:n
informaticusje	informaticus:n
cassettebanden	cassetteband:n
cassettebandje	cassetteband:n
organisatorische	organisatorisch:a
terreurplegers	terreurpleger:n
terreurplegertje	terreurpleger:n
tekstuitleggers	tekstuitlegger:n
tekstuitleggertje	tekstuitlegger:n
revolten	revolte:n
revoltes	revolte:n
sofismen	sofisme:n
sofismes	sofisme:n
reservedelen	reservedeel:n
reservedeeltje	reservedeel:n
reserveonderdelen	reserveonderdeel:n
reserveonderdeeltje	reserveonderdeel:n
poepies	poepie:n
belichaam	belichamen:v
belichaamde	belichamen:v
belichaamt	belichamen:v
belichaamden	belichamen:v
belichamend	belichamen:v
belichaamd	belichamen:v
pakjes	pakje:n
achterzetsels	achterzetsel:n
achterzetseltje	achterzetsel:n
duikplanken	duikplank:n
duikplankje	duikplank:n
opdrink	opdrinken:v
opdronk	opdrinken:v
opdrinkt	opdrinken:v
opdronken	opdrinken:v
opdrinkend	opdrinken:v
opgedronken	opdrinken:v
ontwikkelingsvoorsprongen	ontwikkelingsvoorsprong:n
Matheus	Matteüs:m
vergaderzalen	vergaderzaal:n
vergaderzaaltje	vergaderzaal:n
Morinnen	Morin:n
Morinnetje	Morin:n
geboortejaren	geboortejaar:n
geboortedagen	geboortedag:n
krimi's	krimi:n
krimitje	krimi:n
kokerrokken	kokerrok:n
kokerrokje	kokerrok:n
potloodrokken	potloodrok:n
potloodrokje	potloodrok:n
hockey	hockeyen:v
hockeyde	hockeyen:v
hockeyt	hockeyen:v
hockeyden	hockeyen:v
hockeyend	hockeyen:v
gehockeyd	hockeyen:v
nagelriemen	nagelriem:n
nagelriempje	nagelriem:n
stijlmiddelen	stijlmiddel:n
stijlmiddelje	stijlmiddel:n
metabolieten	metaboliet:n
stommerds	stommerd:n
stommerdje	stommerd:n
overdosissen	overdosis:n
overdosisje	overdosis:n
strijdsters	strijdster:n
strijdstertje	strijdster:n
voorvechtsters	voorvechtster:n
voorvechtstertje	voorvechtster:n
solisten	solist:n
solistje	solist:n
hunebedden	hunebed:n
vlaaien	vlaai:n
vlaaitje	vlaai:n
boerenkolen	boerenkool:n
boerenkooltje	boerenkool:n
suikerrietplantages	suikerrietplantage:n
suikerrietplantagetje	suikerrietplantage:n
tandraderen	tandrad:n
tandradertje	tandrad:n
administrere	administreren:v
calamiteitenzenders	calamiteitenzender:n
dagdagelijkser	dagdagelijks:a
dagdagelijkst	dagdagelijks:a
dagdagelijkse	dagdagelijks:a
dagdagelijksere	dagdagelijks:a
dagdagelijkste	dagdagelijks:a
spookschepen	spookschip:n
spookscheepje	spookschip:n
schaampruiken	schaampruik:n
schaampruikje	schaampruik:n
eenbrauwen	eenbrauw:n
eenbrauwtje	eenbrauw:n
brauwen	brauw:n
brauwtje	brauw:n
oogbrauwen	oogbrauw:n
oogbrauwtje	oogbrauw:n
schelven	schelf:n
schelfje	schelf:n
werkloosheidsvallen	werkloosheidsval:n
werkloosheidsvalletje	werkloosheidsval:n
vlaggenlijnen	vlaggenlijn:n
vlaggenlijntje	vlaggenlijn:n
oppositieleidster	oppositieleider:n
contradicties	contradictie:n
contradictietje	contradictie:n
pantografen	pantograaf:n
pantograafje	pantograaf:n
tennissters	tennisster:n
tennisstertje	tennisster:n
doodstrafje	doodstraf:n
blaaskankers	blaaskanker:n
blaaskankertje	blaaskanker:n
weerkaatsingen	weerkaatsing:n
permissies	permissie:n
permissietje	permissie:n
keyboardspelers	keyboardspeler:n
keyboardspelertje	keyboardspeler:n
keyboardspeelsters	keyboardspeelster:n
keyboardspeelstertje	keyboardspeelster:n
toetsenistes	toetseniste:n
toneelmeesters	toneelmeester:n
toneelmeestertje	toneelmeester:n
arbeidslozer	arbeidsloos:a
arbeidsloze	arbeidsloos:a
arbeidslozere	arbeidsloos:a
arbeidslooste	arbeidsloos:a
inviteer	inviteren:v
inviteerde	inviteren:v
inviteert	inviteren:v
inviteerden	inviteren:v
inviterend	inviteren:v
geïnviteerd	inviteren:v
schoenlappers	schoenlapper:n
schoenlappertje	schoenlapper:n
botervliegen	botervlieg:n
botervliegje	botervlieg:n
fladderaars	fladderaar:n
fladderaartje	fladderaar:n
vijfwouters	vijfwouter:n
vijfwoutertje	vijfwouter:n
dramatici	dramaticus:n
stierenvechters	stierenvechter:n
heildronken	heildronk:n
jekkers	jekker:n
jekkertje	jekker:n
schroefdraden	schroefdraad:n
schroefdraadje	schroefdraad:n
incantaties	incantatie:n
bloedtransfusies	bloedtransfusie:n
bloedtransfusietje	bloedtransfusie:n
boomholten	boomholte:n
boomholtes	boomholte:n
boomholtetje	boomholte:n
trouwkleden	trouwkleed:n
trouwkleedje	trouwkleed:n
interventiemachten	interventiemacht:n
interventiemachtje	interventiemacht:n
diptieken	diptiek:n
diptiekje	diptiek:n
triptieken	triptiek:n
triptiekje	triptiek:n
verhalenvertellers	verhalenverteller:n
verhalenvertellertje	verhalenverteller:n
verhalenvertelsters	verhalenvertelster:n
verhalenvertelstertje	verhalenvertelster:n
vertelsters	vertelster:n
vertelstertje	vertelster:n
erupties	eruptie:n
eruptietje	eruptie:n
vulkaanuitbarstingen	vulkaanuitbarsting:n
vulkaanuitbarstinkje	vulkaanuitbarsting:n
invitaties	invitatie:n
invitatietje	invitatie:n
exclusies	exclusie:n
emissies	emissie:n
emissietje	emissie:n
uitgiften	uitgifte:n
uitgiftes	uitgifte:n
wegwerpaanstekers	wegwerpaansteker:n
wegwerpaanstekertje	wegwerpaansteker:n
roedels	roedel:n
roedeltje	roedel:n
veganistes	veganiste:n
elgers	elger:n
aalvorken	aalvork:n
aaibaarder	aaibaar:a
aaibaarst	aaibaar:a
aaibare	aaibaar:a
aaibaardere	aaibaar:a
aaibaarste	aaibaar:a
aanbevelingsbrieven	aanbevelingsbrief:n
aanbevelingsbriefje	aanbevelingsbrief:n
aanbevelingscomités	aanbevelingscomité:n
aamborstiger	aamborstig:a
aamborstigst	aamborstig:a
aamborstige	aamborstig:a
aamborstigere	aamborstig:a
aamborstigste	aamborstig:a
kortademiger	kortademig:a
kortademigst	kortademig:a
kortademige	kortademig:a
kortademigere	kortademig:a
kortademigste	kortademig:a
aanbeeldsblokken	aanbeeldsblok:n
aanbeeldsblokje	aanbeeldsblok:n
aambeeldsblokken	aambeeldsblok:n
aambeeldsblokje	aambeeldsblok:n
aalvormiger	aalvormig:a
aalvormigst	aalvormig:a
aalvormige	aalvormig:a
aalvormigere	aalvormig:a
aalvormigste	aalvormig:a
aanbiedingsbrieven	aanbiedingsbrief:n
aanbiedingsbriefje	aanbiedingsbrief:n
aanbidders	aanbidder:n
aanbiddertje	aanbidder:n
aanbidsters	aanbidster:n
aanbidstertje	aanbidster:n
aanbiedingsprijzen	aanbiedingsprijs:n
aanbiedingsprijsje	aanbiedingsprijs:n
aanbodcurven	aanbodcurve:n
aanbodcurves	aanbodcurve:n
vraagcurven	vraagcurve:n
vraagcurves	vraagcurve:n
aangeefster	aangever:n
aalstallen	aalstal:n
sonatines	sonatine:n
akkerbouwbedrijven	akkerbouwbedrijf:n
akkerbouwbedrijfje	akkerbouwbedrijf:n
oehoes	oehoe:n
oehoetje	oehoe:n
oehoe	oehoeën:v
oehoede	oehoeën:v
oehoet	oehoeën:v
oehoeden	oehoeën:v
oehoeënd	oehoeën:v
geoehoed	oehoeën:v
schuttersvissen	schuttersvis:n
schuttersvisje	schuttersvis:n
deurmatten	deurmat:n
deurmatje	deurmat:n
alcoholiste	alcoholist:n
alarmbellen	alarmbel:n
alarmbelletje	alarmbel:n
ajuus	aju:i
reclamefolders	reclamefolder:n
reclamefoldertje	reclamefolder:n
aanbiedingsfolders	aanbiedingsfolder:n
aanbiedingsfoldertje	aanbiedingsfolder:n
glibberiger	glibberig:a
glibberigst	glibberig:a
glibberige	glibberig:a
glibberigere	glibberig:a
glibberigste	glibberig:a
aalsvellen	aalsvel:n
aalsvelletje	aalsvel:n
aanaardingen	aanaarding:n
aanaardploegen	aanaardploeg:n
aanaardploegje	aanaardploeg:n
aanbermingen	aanberming:n
aalstekers	aalsteker:n
aalstekertje	aalsteker:n
aanbevolenen	aanbevolene:n
aanbouwingen	aanbouwing:n
aanbouwinkje	aanbouwing:n
aanbouwsels	aanbouwsel:n
aanbouwseltje	aanbouwsel:n
aanbrengers	aanbrenger:n
aanbrengertje	aanbrenger:n
aanbrengertjes	aanbrengertje:n
weidemolens	weidemolen:n
weidemolentje	weidemolen:n
aalvlugger	aalvlug:a
aalvlugst	aalvlug:a
aalvlugge	aalvlug:a
aalvluggere	aalvlug:a
aalvlugste	aalvlug:a
aalgladder	aalglad:a
aalgladst	aalglad:a
aalgladde	aalglad:a
aalgladdere	aalglad:a
aalgladste	aalglad:a
wulken	wulk:n
wulkje	wulk:n
baardiger	baardig:a
baardigst	baardig:a
baardige	baardig:a
baardigere	baardig:a
baardigste	baardig:a
aanbestedingen	aanbesteding:n
aanbestedinkje	aanbesteding:n
aanbestedingsprocedures	aanbestedingsprocedure:n
aanbestedingsregels	aanbestedingsregel:n
aanbestedingsregelingen	aanbestedingsregeling:n
aanbestedingsvoorwaarden	aanbestedingsvoorwaarde:n
aanbodoverschotten	aanbodoverschot:n
vraagtekorten	vraagtekort:n
aagjes	aagje:n
aandachtstreep	aandachtsstreep:n
aandachtsstrepen	aandachtsstreep:n
aandachtsstreepje	aandachtsstreep:n
gedachtestrepen	gedachtestreep:n
gedachtestreepje	gedachtestreep:n
aanbruggen	aanbrug:n
aanbruggetje	aanbrug:n
aanbrugje	aanbrug:n
temmers	temmer:n
temmertje	temmer:n
wifi's	wifi:n
wifietje	wifi:n
aandachtsgebieden	aandachtsgebied:n
aandachtsgebiedje	aandachtsgebied:n
aandachtsaspecten	aandachtsaspect:n
aandachtspunten	aandachtspunt:n
aandachtspuntje	aandachtspunt:n
pijnig	pijnigen:v
pijnigde	pijnigen:v
pijnigt	pijnigen:v
pijnigden	pijnigen:v
pijnigend	pijnigen:v
gepijnigd	pijnigen:v
ondervragers	ondervrager:n
aanbesteders	aanbesteder:n
wasemen	wasem:n
wasempje	wasem:n
renaler	renaal:a
renaalst	renaal:a
boommarters	boommarter:n
boommartertje	boommarter:n
steenmarters	steenmarter:n
steenmartertje	steenmarter:n
fluwijnen	fluwijn:n
fluwijntje	fluwijn:n
leeuwaapjes	leeuwaapje:n
aandachtstekens	aandachtsteken:n
aandachtstekentje	aandachtsteken:n
aandachttrekkerijen	aandachttrekkerij:n
aandachttrekkerijtje	aandachttrekkerij:n
aandachtsvelden	aandachtsveld:n
aandachtsveldje	aandachtsveld:n
aandachtsterreinen	aandachtsterrein:n
aandachtsterreintje	aandachtsterrein:n
aandachtspuntenlijsten	aandachtspuntenlijst:n
aandachtspuntenlijstje	aandachtspuntenlijst:n
aandachtstrekkers	aandachtstrekker:n
aandachtstrekkertje	aandachtstrekker:n
aandachttrekker	aandachtstrekker:n
aandachtsgroepen	aandachtsgroep:n
aandachtsgroepje	aandachtsgroep:n
exceptioneler	exceptioneel:a
exceptioneelst	exceptioneel:a
exceptionele	exceptioneel:a
exceptionelere	exceptioneel:a
exceptioneelste	exceptioneel:a
decoreer	decoreren:v
decoreerde	decoreren:v
decoreert	decoreren:v
decoreerden	decoreren:v
decorerend	decoreren:v
gedecoreerd	decoreren:v
aandelenbezitters	aandelenbezitter:n
aandelenbezittertje	aandelenbezitter:n
aandeelhoudsters	aandeelhoudster:n
houdsters	houdster:n
houdstertje	houdster:n
huishoudsters	huishoudster:n
huishoudstertje	huishoudster:n
aanbrengsten	aanbrengst:n
afwisselingen	afwisseling:n
afwisselingetje	afwisseling:n
anamneses	anamnese:n
afslachtingen	afslachting:n
afslachtinkje	afslachting:n
molshopen	molshoop:n
molshoopje	molshoop:n
maniakken	maniak:n
maniakje	maniak:n
kokako's	kokako:n
kokakootje	kokako:n
veertoestellen	veertoestel:n
veertoestelletje	veertoestel:n
zake	zaak:n
allerbeste	allerbest:a
rapportages	rapportage:n
versterkingen	versterking:n
versterkinkje	versterking:n
klavieren	klavier:n
klaviertje	klavier:n
jaha	ja:i
sojaoliën	sojaolie:n
kokosoliën	kokosolie:n
keta	ketamine:n
solidairder	solidair:a
solidairst	solidair:a
solidairdere	solidair:a
solidairste	solidair:a
heemraden	heemraad:n
heemraadje	heemraad:n
oneerlijker	oneerlijk:a
oneerlijkst	oneerlijk:a
oneerlijke	oneerlijk:a
oneerlijkere	oneerlijk:a
oneerlijkste	oneerlijk:a
quadronen	quadrone:n
electuaria	electuarium:n
zitbeenderen	zitbeen:n
zitbeentje	zitbeen:n
klagers	klager:n
klagertje	klager:n
sphynx	sfinx:n
sphynxen	sphynx:n
sphynxje	sphynx:n
cismannen	cisman:n
vertrekstaten	vertrekstaat:n
vertrekstaatje	vertrekstaat:n
wassers	wasser:n
kauwgommen	kauwgom:n
kauwgoms	kauwgom:n
kauwgompje	kauwgom:n
kauwgommetje	kauwgom:n
luur	luier:n
bleit	bleiten:v
bleitte	bleiten:v
bleitten	bleiten:v
bleitend	bleiten:v
gebleit	bleiten:v
obscuurder	obscuur:a
obscuurst	obscuur:a
fazen	faas:n
faasje	faas:n
papaja's	papaja:n
papajaatje	papaja:n
lessenaars	lessenaar:n
lessenaartje	lessenaar:n
bekaaider	bekaaid:a
bekaaidst	bekaaid:a
bekaaide	bekaaid:a
bekaaidere	bekaaid:a
bekaaidste	bekaaid:a
toebedeel	toebedelen:v
toebedeelde	toebedelen:v
toebedeelt	toebedelen:v
toebedeelden	toebedelen:v
toebedelend	toebedelen:v
toebedeeld	toebedelen:v
vochtgebieden	vochtgebied:n
vochtgebiedje	vochtgebied:n
kooivechters	kooivechter:n
kooivechtertje	kooivechter:n
voortbrengselen	voortbrengsel:n
voortbrengsels	voortbrengsel:n
voortbrengseltje	voortbrengsel:n
gaffelpennen	gaffelpen:n
gaffelpennetje	gaffelpen:n
ziekenwagens	ziekenwagen:n
ziekenwagentje	ziekenwagen:n
artse	arts:n
thuiswerkje	thuiswerk:n
schooi	schooien:v
schooide	schooien:v
schooit	schooien:v
schooiden	schooien:v
schooiend	schooien:v
geschooid	schooien:v
shop	shoppen:v
shopte	shoppen:v
shopt	shoppen:v
shopten	shoppen:v
shoppend	shoppen:v
geshopt	shoppen:v
niffo's	niffo:n
niffootje	niffo:n
pagekapsels	pagekapsel:n
pagekapseltje	pagekapsel:n
biofysica's	biofysica:n
biofysicaatje	biofysica:n
kunstpausen	kunstpaus:n
kunstpausje	kunstpaus:n
mondaarden	mondaard:n
mondaardje	mondaard:n
krieken	kriek:n
kriekje	kriek:n
aanaard	aanaarden:v
aanaardde	aanaarden:v
aanaardt	aanaarden:v
aanaardden	aanaarden:v
aanaardend	aanaarden:v
aangeaard	aanaarden:v
heemsteden	heemstede:n
heemstedetje	heemstede:n
rafelstenen	rafelsteen:n
rafelsteentje	rafelsteen:n
rafels	rafel:n
rafeltje	rafel:n
wurgpalen	wurgpaal:n
wurgpaaltje	wurgpaal:n
groepsvorderingen	groepsvordering:n
groepsvorderingetje	groepsvordering:n
groepsvorderinkje	groepsvordering:n
hellegeesten	hellegeest:n
hellegeestje	hellegeest:n
barlebanen	barlebaan:n
barlebaantje	barlebaan:n
doog	dogen:v
doogde	dogen:v
doogt	dogen:v
doogden	dogen:v
dogend	dogen:v
dor	dorren:v
dorde	dorren:v
dort	dorren:v
dorden	dorren:v
dorrend	dorren:v
gedord	dorren:v
realen	reaal:n
reaaltje	reaal:n
leverbotten	leverbot:n
leverbotje	leverbot:n
liberalismen	liberalisme:n
liberalismes	liberalisme:n
grim	grimmen:v
grimde	grimmen:v
grimt	grimmen:v
grimden	grimmen:v
grimmend	grimmen:v
gegrimd	grimmen:v
swing	swingen:v
swingde	swingen:v
swingt	swingen:v
swingden	swingen:v
swingend	swingen:v
geswingd	swingen:v
Gods	God:m
plesiosaurussen	plesiosaurus:n
plesiosauri	plesiosaurus:n
zemelaars	zemelaar:n
zemelaren	zemelaar:n
zemelaartje	zemelaar:n
zemelaarke	zemelaar:n
neringen	nering:n
nerinkje	nering:n
weid	weiden:v
weidde	weiden:v
weidt	weiden:v
weidden	weiden:v
weidend	weiden:v
geweid	weiden:v
sebiet	subiet:d
brolleke	brol:n
bekan	bijkans:d
inflaties	inflatie:n
inflatietje	inflatie:n
veronachtzaam	veronachtzamen:v
veronachtzaamde	veronachtzamen:v
veronachtzaamt	veronachtzamen:v
veronachtzaamden	veronachtzamen:v
veronachtzamend	veronachtzamen:v
veronachtzaamd	veronachtzamen:v
terugschrik	terugschrikken:v
terugschrok	terugschrikken:v
terugschrikt	terugschrikken:v
terugschrokken	terugschrikken:v
terugschrikkend	terugschrikken:v
teruggeschrokken	terugschrikken:v
terugschrikte	terugschrikken:v
terugschrikten	terugschrikken:v
teruggeschrikt	terugschrikken:v
bedwantsen	bedwants:n
bedwantsje	bedwants:n
bedwantske	bedwants:n
onbetrouwbaarder	onbetrouwbaar:a
onbetrouwbaarst	onbetrouwbaar:a
onbetrouwbare	onbetrouwbaar:a
onbetrouwbaardere	onbetrouwbaar:a
onbetrouwbaarste	onbetrouwbaar:a
aanlegsteigers	aanlegsteiger:n
aanlegsteigertje	aanlegsteiger:n
aanmaakblokjes	aanmaakblokje:n
aanmaakhoutje	aanmaakhout:n
aanmaakhoutjes	aanmaakhoutje:n
guppen	gup:n
guppy	gup:n
gupje	gup:n
guppie	gup:n
overhandse	overhands:a
wentelteefjes	wentelteefje:n
schrijnwerkers	schrijnwerker:n
schrijnwerkertje	schrijnwerker:n
rechtzet	rechtzetten:v
rechtzette	rechtzetten:v
rechtzettend	rechtzetten:v
rechtgezet	rechtzetten:v
aandeelbewijzen	aandeelbewijs:n
aandeelbewijsje	aandeelbewijs:n
premiejagers	premiejager:n
premiejagertje	premiejager:n
aanbrengpremies	aanbrengpremie:n
aanbrengpremietje	aanbrengpremie:n
verzekeringspremies	verzekeringspremie:n
verzekeringspremietje	verzekeringspremie:n
meersen	meers:n
meersje	meers:n
swaffel	swaffelen:v
swaffelde	swaffelen:v
swaffelt	swaffelen:v
swaffelden	swaffelen:v
swaffelend	swaffelen:v
geswaffeld	swaffelen:v
hoofdassen	hoofdas:n
hoofdasje	hoofdas:n
hoofdinspecteurs	hoofdinspecteur:n
hoofdinspecteurtje	hoofdinspecteur:n
hoofdplaatsen	hoofdplaats:n
hoofdplaatsje	hoofdplaats:n
vooruitkijk	vooruitkijken:v
vooruitkeek	vooruitkijken:v
vooruitkijkt	vooruitkijken:v
vooruitkeken	vooruitkijken:v
vooruitkijkend	vooruitkijken:v
vooruitgekeken	vooruitkijken:v
verknal	verknallen:v
verknalde	verknallen:v
verknalt	verknallen:v
verknalden	verknallen:v
verknallend	verknallen:v
verknald	verknallen:v
vreê	vrede:n
fascinerende	fascinerend:a
armzaliger	armzalig:a
armzalige	armzalig:a
armzaligere	armzalig:a
armzaligste	armzalig:a
radiostilten	radiostilte:n
radiostiltes	radiostilte:n
radiostiltetje	radiostilte:n
psychonautes	psychonaute:n
psychonautetje	psychonaute:n
plaatsnamen	plaatsnaam:n|plaatsnemen:v
plaatsnaampje	plaatsnaam:n
rücksichtlose	rücksichtslos:a
vandalen	vandaal:n
jeugdsentimenten	jeugdsentiment:n
jeugdsentimentje	jeugdsentiment:n
glippen	glip:n
glipje	glip:n
psychopathischer	psychopathisch:a
psychopathische	psychopathisch:a
psychopathischere	psychopathisch:a
psychopathischte	psychopathisch:a
treven	treef:n
uitvink	uitvinken:v
uitvinkte	uitvinken:v
uitvinkt	uitvinken:v
uitvinkten	uitvinken:v
uitvinkend	uitvinken:v
uitgevinkt	uitvinken:v
ijsvrijtje	ijsvrij:n
ijsvrijer	ijsvrij:a
ijsvrijst	ijsvrij:a
ijsvrije	ijsvrij:a
riksen	riks:n
riksje	riks:n
juffrouwen	juffrouw:n
juffrouwtje	juffrouw:n
narcisten	narcist:n
narcistje	narcist:n
veilers	veiler:n
veilertje	veiler:n
openhaal	openhalen:v
openhaalde	openhalen:v
openhaalt	openhalen:v
openhaalden	openhalen:v
openhalend	openhalen:v
opengehaald	openhalen:v
roeiriemen	roeiriem:n
roeiriempje	roeiriem:n
druivensuikers	druivensuiker:n
druivensuikertje	druivensuiker:n
louter	louteren:v
louterde	louteren:v
loutert	louteren:v
louterden	louteren:v
louterend	louteren:v
gelouterd	louteren:v
herauten	heraut:n
herautje	heraut:n
shitshows	shitshow:n
shitshowtje	shitshow:n
variabelen	variabele:n
encefalitissen	encefalitis:n
encefalitisje	encefalitis:n
stamppotten	stamppot:n
stamppotje	stamppot:n
kantoortalen	kantoortaal:n
kantoortaaltje	kantoortaal:n
kolommen	kolom:n
kolommetje	kolom:n
bottels	bottel:n
botteltje	bottel:n
heiend	heien:v
geheid	heien:v
adblockers	adblocker:n
adblockertje	adblocker:n
ontharingen	ontharing:n
ontharinkje	ontharing:n
onthaar	ontharen:v
onthaarde	ontharen:v
onthaart	ontharen:v
onthaarden	ontharen:v
ontharend	ontharen:v
onthaard	ontharen:v
begane	begaan:v
verlijd	verlijden:v
verleed	verlijden:v
verlijdt	verlijden:v
verleden	verlijden:v
verlijdend	verlijden:v
bladscheden	bladschede:n
bladschedes	bladschede:n
bladschedetje	bladschede:n
ruis	ruisen:v
ruiste	ruisen:v
ruist	ruisen:v
ruisten	ruisen:v
ruisend	ruisen:v
geruist	ruisen:v
zweetklieren	zweetklier:n
zweetkliertje	zweetklier:n
prentenboeken	prentenboek:n
prentenboekje	prentenboek:n
koningin-moeders	koningin-moeder:n
koningin-moedertje	koningin-moeder:n
goudvinken	goudvink:n
goudvinkje	goudvink:n
farmaceuten	farmaceut:n
Engelsch	Engels:a|Engels:m
inborsten	inborst:n
inborstje	inborst:n
downies	downie:n
downietje	downie:n
pelsrobben	pelsrob:n
pelsrobje	pelsrob:n
kattige	kattig:a
verplegers	verpleger:n
verplegertje	verpleger:n
verpleegkundigen	verpleegkundige:n
wekkerradio's	wekkerradio:n
wekkerradiootje	wekkerradio:n
respiraties	respiratie:n
leeuweriken	leeuwerik:n
leeuwerikje	leeuwerik:n
sanshins	sanshin:n
sanshinnetje	sanshin:n
antifascismes	antifascisme:n
antifascismetje	antifascisme:n
kaaskoppen	kaaskop:n
kaaskopje	kaaskop:n
appte	appen:v
appten	appen:v
geappt	appen:v
updatete	updaten:v
updatet	updaten:v
updateten	updaten:v
updatend	updaten:v
geüpdatet	updaten:v
showprocessen	showproces:n
showprocesje	showproces:n
watergangen	watergang:n
watergangetje	watergang:n
kardinaalroder	kardinaalrood:a
kardinaalroodst	kardinaalrood:a
kardinaalrode	kardinaalrood:a
kardinaalrodere	kardinaalrood:a
kardinaalroodste	kardinaalrood:a
vetzakken	vetzak:n
vetzakje	vetzak:n
Thailandser	Thailands:a
Thailandst	Thailands:a
Thailandse	Thailands:a
Thailandsere	Thailands:a
Thailandste	Thailands:a
delete	deleten:v
deletete	deleten:v
deletet	deleten:v
deleteten	deleten:v
deletend	deleten:v
gedeletet	deleten:v
klaplopers	klaploper:n
klaplopertje	klaploper:n
uitvreters	uitvreter:n
uitvretertje	uitvreter:n
klojo's	klojo:n
klojootje	klojo:n
apenkoppen	apenkop:n
apenkopje	apenkop:n
wegpiraten	wegpiraat:n
wegpiraatje	wegpiraat:n
patsers	patser:n
patsertje	patser:n
liegbeesten	liegbeest:n
liegbeestje	liegbeest:n
jokkebrokken	jokkebrok:n
jokkebrokje	jokkebrok:n
jaknikkers	jaknikker:n
jaknikkertje	jaknikker:n
dierenbeulen	dierenbeul:n
dierenbeultje	dierenbeul:n
moppentappers	moppentapper:n
moppentappertje	moppentapper:n
bromberen	brombeer:n
brombeertje	brombeer:n
ravenzwarter	ravenzwart:a
ravenzwartst	ravenzwart:a
ravenzwarte	ravenzwart:a
ravenzwartere	ravenzwart:a
ravenzwartste	ravenzwart:a
springmessen	springmes:n
springmesje	springmes:n
ooglappen	ooglap:n
ooglapje	ooglap:n
pierewaaiers	pierewaaier:n
pierewaaiertje	pierewaaier:n
flierefluiters	flierefluiter:n
flierefluitertje	flierefluiter:n
eetpiraten	eetpiraat:n
eetpiraatje	eetpiraat:n
roomwitter	roomwit:a
roomwitst	roomwit:a
roomwitte	roomwit:a
roomwittere	roomwit:a
roomwitste	roomwit:a
azuurblauwer	azuurblauw:a
azuurblauwst	azuurblauw:a
azuurblauwe	azuurblauw:a
azuurblauwere	azuurblauw:a
azuurblauwste	azuurblauw:a
zielenknijpers	zielenknijper:n
zielenknijpertje	zielenknijper:n
flessentrekkers	flessentrekker:n
flessentrekkertje	flessentrekker:n
zweefteven	zweefteef:n
zweefteefje	zweefteef:n
krullenbollen	krullenbol:n
krullenbolletje	krullenbol:n
krullenkoppen	krullenkop:n
krullenkopje	krullenkop:n
miezerds	miezerd:n
miezerdje	miezerd:n
miezertje	miezer:n
oceaanbodems	oceaanbodem:n
oceaanbodempje	oceaanbodem:n
oceaanwateren	oceaanwater:n
oceaanwaters	oceaanwater:n
oceaanwatertje	oceaanwater:n
slootwateren	slootwater:n
slootwaters	slootwater:n
slootwatertje	slootwater:n
strandweertje	strandweer:n
piqueur	pikeur:n
speelhallen	speelhal:n
speelhalletje	speelhal:n
automatenhallen	automatenhal:n
automatenhalletje	automatenhal:n
drankorgels	drankorgel:n
drankorgeltje	drankorgel:n
filmploegen	filmploeg:n
filmploegje	filmploeg:n
cameraploegen	cameraploeg:n
cameraploegje	cameraploeg:n
aardappelvelden	aardappelveld:n
brandbommen	brandbom:n
brandbommetje	brandbom:n
bestaansminima	bestaansminimum:n
bestaansminimumpje	bestaansminimum:n
bijzonderheidje	bijzonderheid:n
boemelde	boemelen:v
boemelt	boemelen:v
boemelden	boemelen:v
boemelend	boemelen:v
geboemeld	boemelen:v
boetedoeningen	boetedoening:n
boetedoeninkje	boetedoening:n
Germaanse	Germaans:a
gevangenneem	gevangennemen:v
gevangennam	gevangennemen:v
gevangenneemt	gevangennemen:v
gevangennamen	gevangennemen:v
gevangennemend	gevangennemen:v
geuzenvlaggen	geuzenvlag:n
geuzenvlaggetje	geuzenvlag:n
geuzelambieken	geuzelambiek:n
geuzelambiekje	geuzelambiek:n
wenskaartje	wenskaart:n
wereldser	werelds:a
wereldse	werelds:a
wereldsere	werelds:a
wereldste	werelds:a
werelds	wereld:n
kerstfuiven	kerstfuif:n
kerstfuifje	kerstfuif:n
specialiteiten	specialiteit:n
specialiteitje	specialiteit:n
apennoten	apennoot:n
apennootje	apennoot:n
baardapen	baardaap:n
baardaapje	baardaap:n
hormoonverstoorders	hormoonverstoorder:n
hormoonverstoordertje	hormoonverstoorder:n
paardenbekken	paardenbek:n
paardenbekje	paardenbek:n
apenkooien	apenkooi:n
apenkooitje	apenkooi:n
apenkooi	apenkooien:v
apenkooide	apenkooien:v
apenkooit	apenkooien:v
apenkooiden	apenkooien:v
apenkooiend	apenkooien:v
geapenkooid	apenkooien:v
speknekken	speknek:n
speknekje	speknek:n
kaasmakers	kaasmaker:n
kaasmakertje	kaasmaker:n
kwartels	kwartel:n
kwarteltje	kwartel:n
kattenkoppen	kattenkop:n
kattenkopje	kattenkop:n
krokodillenbekken	krokodillenbek:n
krokodillenbekje	krokodillenbek:n
krokodillenklemmen	krokodillenklem:n
krokodillenklemmetje	krokodillenklem:n
hanenkammen	hanenkam:n
hanenkammetje	hanenkam:n
liefdesbrieven	liefdesbrief:n
liefdesbriefje	liefdesbrief:n
trekpoppen	trekpop:n
trekpopje	trekpop:n
trekpoppetje	trekpop:n
puntdaken	puntdak:n
puntdakje	puntdak:n
amalgamen	amalgaam:n
papen	paap:n
automatiseer	automatiseren:v
automatiseerde	automatiseren:v
automatiseert	automatiseren:v
automatiseerden	automatiseren:v
automatiserend	automatiseren:v
geautomatiseerd	automatiseren:v
kikkerlanden	kikkerland:n
kikkerlandje	kikkerland:n
stuip	stuipen:v
stoop	stuipen:v
stuipt	stuipen:v
stopen	stuipen:v
stuipend	stuipen:v
gestopen	stuipen:v
stuipte	stuipen:v
stuipten	stuipen:v
gestuipt	stuipen:v
stuipen	stuip:n
dansplaten	dansplaat:n
dansplaatje	dansplaat:n
secretarisvogels	secretarisvogel:n
secretarisvogeltje	secretarisvogel:n
taalgrenzen	taalgrens:n
taalgrensje	taalgrens:n
knuffelberen	knuffelbeer:n
knuffelbeertje	knuffelbeer:n
chemsex	chemseks:n
struikelmatten	struikelmat:n
struikelmatje	struikelmat:n
onderklassen	onderklasse:n
onderklasses	onderklasse:n
onderklassetje	onderklasse:n
bovenklassen	bovenklasse:n
bovenklasses	bovenklasse:n
bovenklassetje	bovenklasse:n
opperklassen	opperklasse:n
opperklasses	opperklasse:n
opperklassetje	opperklasse:n
middenklassen	middenklasse:n
middenklasses	middenklasse:n
middenklassetje	middenklasse:n
suikerrijker	suikerrijk:a
suikerrijkst	suikerrijk:a
suikerrijke	suikerrijk:a
suikerrijkere	suikerrijk:a
suikerrijkste	suikerrijk:a
narichten	naricht:n
narichtje	naricht:n
nazomers	nazomer:n
nazomertje	nazomer:n
oculaire	oculair:a
oculairs	oculair:n
oculairtje	oculair:n
saffieren	saffier:n
saffiertje	saffier:n
bekokstoof	bekokstoven:v
bekokstoofde	bekokstoven:v
bekokstooft	bekokstoven:v
bekokstoofden	bekokstoven:v
bekokstovend	bekokstoven:v
bekokstoofd	bekokstoven:v
gevangens	gevangen:a
trijpen	trijp:n
stadsbussen	stadsbus:n
stadsbusje	stadsbus:n
atticismes	atticisme:n
boerderijdieren	boerderijdier:n
boerderijdiertje	boerderijdier:n
ziekenhuisbedden	ziekenhuisbed:n
ziekenhuisbedje	ziekenhuisbed:n
nieuwsgierigen	nieuwsgierige:n
peniskokers	peniskoker:n
peniskokertje	peniskoker:n
inlandse	inlands:a
nurkser	nurks:a
nurkst	nurks:a
nurksen	nurks:n
nurksje	nurks:n
flessenlikkers	flessenlikker:n
flessenlikkertje	flessenlikker:n
telegraafje	telegraaf:n
grafieken	grafiek:n
grafiekje	grafiek:n
fornuizen	fornuis:n
fornuisje	fornuis:n
eeg	elektro-encefalogram:n
kerstrozen	kerstroos:n
kerstroosje	kerstroos:n
framede	framen:v
framet	framen:v
frameden	framen:v
framend	framen:v
geframed	framen:v
verdedigsters	verdedigster:n
verdedigstertje	verdedigster:n
tweevoetigs	tweevoetig:a
vossinnen	vossin:n
vossinnetje	vossin:n
druze	druus:n
delg	delgen:v
delgde	delgen:v
delgt	delgen:v
delgden	delgen:v
delgend	delgen:v
gedelgd	delgen:v
furtiever	furtief:a
furtiefst	furtief:a
furtieve	furtief:a
furtiefste	furtief:a
inbreidingen	inbreiding:n
inbreidinkje	inbreiding:n
inbreidingetje	inbreiding:n
thuishoor	thuishoren:v
thuishoorde	thuishoren:v
thuishoort	thuishoren:v
thuishoorden	thuishoren:v
thuishorend	thuishoren:v
thuisgehoord	thuishoren:v
sokkels	sokkel:n
sokkeltje	sokkel:n
sprokkel	sprokkelen:v
sprokkelde	sprokkelen:v
sprokkelt	sprokkelen:v
sprokkelden	sprokkelen:v
sprokkelend	sprokkelen:v
gesprokkeld	sprokkelen:v
belgicismes	belgicisme:n
aandrijfassen	aandrijfas:n
aandrijfasje	aandrijfas:n
aandrijfkettingen	aandrijfketting:n
aandrijfkettinkje	aandrijfketting:n
aandrijfkrachten	aandrijfkracht:n
dennebomen	denneboom:n
denneboompje	denneboom:n
gehaktballen	gehaktbal:n
gehaktballetje	gehaktbal:n
optyf	optyfen:v
optyfte	optyfen:v
optyft	optyfen:v
optyften	optyfen:v
optyfend	optyfen:v
opgetyft	optyfen:v
aandelenemissies	aandelenemissie:n
aandelenemissietje	aandelenemissie:n
beginnerscursussen	beginnerscursus:n
beginnerscursusje	beginnerscursus:n
vruchtensappen	vruchtensap:n
vruchtensapje	vruchtensap:n
krodden	krodde:n
kroddetje	krodde:n
schrie	schriën:v
schriede	schriën:v
schriet	schriën:v
schrieden	schriën:v
schriënd	schriën:v
geschried	schriën:v
schellingen	schelling:n
schellinkje	schelling:n
nuluurcontracten	nuluurcontract:n
nuluurcontractje	nuluurcontract:n
nulurencontracten	nulurencontract:n
nulurencontractje	nulurencontract:n
slaapzakken	slaapzak:n
slaapzakje	slaapzak:n
wasmachines	wasmachine:n
wasmachinetje	wasmachine:n
wasmachientje	wasmachine:n
inbreid	inbreiden:v
inbreidde	inbreiden:v
inbreidt	inbreiden:v
inbreidden	inbreiden:v
inbreidend	inbreiden:v
ingebreid	inbreiden:v
minivarkens	minivarken:n
minivarkentje	minivarken:n
aktief	actief:a|actief:n
oxyderen	oxideren:v
komplot	complot:n
teekenen	tekenen:v
actiefs	actief:a
azuurblauws	azuurblauw:a
gevarendriehoeken	gevarendriehoek:n
gevarendriehoekje	gevarendriehoek:n
gevaarsdriehoeken	gevaarsdriehoek:n
gevaarsdriehoekje	gevaarsdriehoek:n
stiermannen	stierman:n
stiermannetje	stierman:n
stierman	stuurman:n
limieten	limiet:n
limietje	limiet:n
mestvorken	mestvork:n
mestvorkje	mestvork:n
hooivorken	hooivork:n
hooivorkje	hooivork:n
citroensappen	citroensap:n
citroensapje	citroensap:n
productiever	productief:a
productiefst	productief:a
productieve	productief:a
productievere	productief:a
productiefste	productief:a
produktief	productief:a
visch	vis:n
psychopathologieën	psychopathologie:n
glossolalieën	glossolalie:n
hondentouwen	hondentouw:n
hondentouwtje	hondentouw:n
uitschuivers	uitschuiver:n
uitschuivertje	uitschuiver:n
toekje	toek:n
middenriffen	middenrif:n
middenrifje	middenrif:n
snijplanken	snijplank:n
snijplankje	snijplank:n
kostbaarheden	kostbaarheid:n
kostbaarheidje	kostbaarheid:n
taalfamilies	taalfamilie:n
taalfamilietje	taalfamilie:n
aandelenuitgiften	aandelenuitgifte:n
aandelenuitgiftes	aandelenuitgifte:n
belastingaangiften	belastingaangifte:n
belastingaangiftes	belastingaangifte:n
burgerwagens	burgerwagen:n
burgerwagentje	burgerwagen:n
plinten	plint:n
plintje	plint:n
troubleren	troebleren:v
vatbom	vatenbom:n
drietandige	drietandig:a
overlast	overlasten:v
overlastte	overlasten:v
overlastten	overlasten:v
overlastend	overlasten:v
nekker	nikker:n
en-enverhalen	en-enverhaal:n
d.z.z.	dezerzijds:d
hypoxischer	hypoxisch:a
bellettristen	bellettrist:n
bemiddel	bemiddelen:v
bemiddelde	bemiddelen:v|bemiddeld:a
bemiddelt	bemiddelen:v
bemiddelden	bemiddelen:v
bemiddelend	bemiddelen:v
bemiddeld	bemiddelen:v
bedodden	bedotten:v
brandspuiten	brandspuit:n
brandspuitje	brandspuit:n
nozems	nozem:n
nozempje	nozem:n
boechel	boechelen:v
boechelde	boechelen:v
boechelt	boechelen:v
boechelden	boechelen:v
boechelend	boechelen:v
geboecheld	boechelen:v
levensgenieters	levensgenieter:n
levensgenieterje	levensgenieter:n
vlindermessen	vlindermes:n
vlindermesje	vlindermes:n
valmessen	valmes:n
valmesje	valmes:n
Antwerpenaren	Antwerpenaar:n
Antwerpenaars	Antwerpenaar:n
Antwerpenaartje	Antwerpenaar:n
etterkoppen	etterkop:n
etterkopje	etterkop:n
participaties	participatie:n
verzorgingsstaten	verzorgingsstaat:n
verzorgingsstaatje	verzorgingsstaat:n
boerenstielen	boerenstiel:n
boerenstieltje	boerenstiel:n
dommekrachten	dommekracht:n
dommekrachtje	dommekracht:n
niksnutten	niksnut:n
niksnutje	niksnut:n
niksnutteken	niksnut:n
volder	voller:n
luiwammesen	luiwammes:n
luiwammesje	luiwammes:n
luieriken	luierik:n
luierikje	luierik:n
Brazilianen	Braziliaan:n
Braziliaantje	Braziliaan:n
zekerstel	zekerstellen:v
zekerstelde	zekerstellen:v
zekerstelt	zekerstellen:v
zekerstelden	zekerstellen:v
zekerstellend	zekerstellen:v
zekergesteld	zekerstellen:v
ijzerharden	ijzerhard:n
ijzerhardje	ijzerhard:n
zielengeleiders	zielengeleider:n
zielengeleidertje	zielengeleider:n
leeuwenwelpen	leeuwenwelp:n
leeuwenwelpje	leeuwenwelp:n
asemen	ademen:v
asemhalen	ademhalen:v
fezel	fezelen:v
fezelde	fezelen:v
fezelt	fezelen:v
fezelden	fezelen:v
fezelend	fezelen:v
gefezeld	fezelen:v
wisper	wisperen:v
wisperde	wisperen:v
wispert	wisperen:v
wisperden	wisperen:v
wisperend	wisperen:v
gewisperd	wisperen:v
vezel	vezelen:v
vezelde	vezelen:v
vezelt	vezelen:v
vezelden	vezelen:v
vezelend	vezelen:v
gevezeld	vezelen:v
noodmunten	noodmunt:n
noodmuntje	noodmunt:n
obsidionaler	obsidionaal:a
obsidionaalst	obsidionaal:a
belegeringsmunten	belegeringsmunt:n
belegeringsmuntje	belegeringsmunt:n
straatlichten	straatlicht:n
straatlichtje	straatlicht:n
pikordes	pikorde:n
pikorden	pikorde:n
pikordetje	pikorde:n
produktie	productie:n
rechttrek	rechttrekken:v
rechttrekte	rechttrekken:v
rechttrekt	rechttrekken:v
rechttrekten	rechttrekken:v
rechttrekkend	rechttrekken:v
rechtgetrekt	rechttrekken:v
betekenislozer	betekenisloos:a
betekenisloost	betekenisloos:a
betekenisloze	betekenisloos:a
betekenislozere	betekenisloos:a
betekenislooste	betekenisloos:a
dadelozer	dadeloos:a
dadeloost	dadeloos:a
dadeloze	dadeloos:a
dadelozere	dadeloos:a
dadelooste	dadeloos:a
wetenswaardigheden	wetenswaardigheid:n
wetenswaardigheidje	wetenswaardigheid:n
Bomenaars	Bomenaar:n
Bomenaren	Bomenaar:n
Bomenaarke	Bomenaar:n
Bomenaartje	Bomenaar:n
voorbestemdheden	voorbestemdheid:n
voorbestemdheidje	voorbestemdheid:n
wasballen	wasbal:n
wasballetje	wasbal:n
reaktie	reactie:n
gerf	gerven:v
gerfde	gerven:v
gerft	gerven:v
gerfden	gerven:v
gervend	gerven:v
gegerfd	gerven:v
videobanden	videoband:n
videobandje	videoband:n
autobanden	autoband:n
autobandje	autoband:n
Namibischer	Namibisch:a
Namibischt	Namibisch:a
Namibische	Namibisch:a
Namibischere	Namibisch:a
Namibischte	Namibisch:a
heksenstenen	heksensteen:n
heksensteentje	heksensteen:n
leenmannen	leenman:n
leenmannetje	leenman:n
Siberische	Siberisch:a
sedimentgesteenten	sedimentgesteente:n
sedimentgesteentes	sedimentgesteente:n
buitenwachten	buitenwacht:n
buitenwachtje	buitenwacht:n
Noord-Hollandser	Noord-Hollands:a
Noord-Hollandse	Noord-Hollands:a
Noord-Hollandsere	Noord-Hollands:a
Noord-Hollandste	Noord-Hollands:a
Zuid-Hollandse	Zuid-Hollands:a
vervet	vervetten:v
vervette	vervetten:v
vervettend	vervetten:v
eerlozer	eerloos:a
eerloost	eerloos:a
eerloze	eerloos:a
eerlozere	eerloos:a
eerlooste	eerloos:a
grenzelozer	grenzeloos:a
grenzeloost	grenzeloos:a
grenzeloze	grenzeloos:a
grenzelozere	grenzeloos:a
grenzelooste	grenzeloos:a
hartelozer	harteloos:a
harteloost	harteloos:a
harteloze	harteloos:a
hartelozere	harteloos:a
hartelooste	harteloos:a
krachtelozer	krachteloos:a
krachteloost	krachteloos:a
krachteloze	krachteloos:a
krachtelozere	krachteloos:a
krachtelooste	krachteloos:a
tomelozer	tomeloos:a
tomeloost	tomeloos:a
tomeloze	tomeloos:a
tomelozere	tomeloos:a
tomelooste	tomeloos:a
spoorlozer	spoorloos:a
spoorloze	spoorloos:a
spoorlozere	spoorloos:a
spoorlooste	spoorloos:a
hanzen	hanze:n
omstandiger	omstandig:a
omstandigst	omstandig:a
omstandige	omstandig:a
omstandigere	omstandig:a
omstandigste	omstandig:a
redelozer	redeloos:a
redeloost	redeloos:a
redeloze	redeloos:a
redelozere	redeloos:a
redelooste	redeloos:a
blaaskaken	blaaskaak:n
blaaskaakje	blaaskaak:n
eierkoeken	eierkoek:n
eierkoekje	eierkoek:n
eierkoekske	eierkoek:n
eierlandingen	eierlanding:n
egelwormen	egelworm:n
egelwormpje	egelworm:n
egelwormken	egelworm:n
nachtbraak	nachtbraken:v
nachtbraakte	nachtbraken:v
nachtbraakt	nachtbraken:v
nachtbraakten	nachtbraken:v
nachtbrakend	nachtbraken:v
genachtbraakt	nachtbraken:v
handbakken	handbak:n
handbakje	handbak:n
distomatoses	distomatose:n
distomatosetje	distomatose:n
fiscaler	fiscaal:a
fiscaalst	fiscaal:a
fiscale	fiscaal:a
fiscalere	fiscaal:a
fiscaalste	fiscaal:a
fiscalen	fiscaal:n
fiscaaltje	fiscaal:n
zyn	zijn:v|zijn:t
schminkdozen	schminkdoos:n
schminkdoosje	schminkdoos:n
stortbuien	stortbui:n
stortbuitje	stortbui:n
doorweekte	doorweekt:v|doorweken:v
doordram	doordrammen:v
doordramde	doordrammen:v
doordramt	doordrammen:v
doordramden	doordrammen:v
doordrammend	doordrammen:v
doorgedramd	doordrammen:v
doordrijf	doordrijven:v
doordreef	doordrijven:v
doordrijft	doordrijven:v
doordreven	doordrijven:v
doordrijvend	doordrijven:v
doorgedreven	doordrijven:v
limoengroener	limoengroen:a
limoengroenst	limoengroen:a
limoengroene	limoengroen:a
limoengroenere	limoengroen:a
limoengroenste	limoengroen:a
groengeler	groengeel:a
groengeelst	groengeel:a
groengele	groengeel:a
groengelere	groengeel:a
groengeelste	groengeel:a
fotokopieën	fotokopie:n
fotokopietje	fotokopie:n
gemelijker	gemelijk:a
gemelijkst	gemelijk:a
gouwen	gouw:n
gouwtje	gouw:n
gouwken	gouw:n
verzijpen	verzijp:n
verzijpje	verzijp:n
kindskorven	kindskorf:n
kindskorfje	kindskorf:n
ruimteopera's	ruimteopera:n
ruimteoperaatje	ruimteopera:n
kwasi	quasi:d
vierlingen	vierling:n
vierlingetje	vierling:n
spaghettiwesterns	spaghettiwestern:n
baloriger	balorig:a
balorigst	balorig:a
weerspanniger	weerspannig:a
weerspannigst	weerspannig:a
kregeliger	kregelig:a
kregeligst	kregelig:a
schabouwelijker	schabouwelijk:a
schabouwelijkst	schabouwelijk:a
mottiger	mottig:a
mottigst	mottig:a
donderslagen	donderslag:n
donderslagje	donderslag:n
donderslagsken	donderslag:n
slechtgehumeurder	slechtgehumeurd:a
slechtgehumeurdst	slechtgehumeurd:a
vijflingen	vijfling:n
vijflingetje	vijfling:n
demokratie	democratie:n
ploppers	plopper:n
ploppertje	plopper:n
herbrand	herbranden:v
herbrandde	herbranden:v
herbrandt	herbranden:v
herbrandden	herbranden:v
herbrandend	herbranden:v
geïndigneerder	geïndigneerd:a
bitterwortels	bitterwortel:n
bitterworteltje	bitterwortel:n
suikerijen	suikerij:n
suikerijtje	suikerij:n
deduceer	deduceren:v
deduceerde	deduceren:v
deduceert	deduceren:v
deduceerden	deduceren:v
deducerend	deduceren:v
gededuceerd	deduceren:v
megacalorieën	megacalorie:n
megacalorietje	megacalorie:n
uitzeges	uitzege:n
uitzegetje	uitzege:n
thuiszeges	thuiszege:n
thuiszegetje	thuiszege:n
zeggingskrachtiger	zeggingskrachtig:a
zeggingskrachtigst	zeggingskrachtig:a
volkerenmoorden	volkerenmoord:n
volkerenmoordje	volkerenmoord:n
gewichtiger	gewichtig:a
gewichtigst	gewichtig:a
gewichtige	gewichtig:a
gewichtigere	gewichtig:a
gewichtigste	gewichtig:a
orinoco-appels	orinoco-appel:n
orinico-appelen	orinoco-appel:n
orinoco-appeltje	orinoco-appel:n
mierenneuk	mierenneuken:v
mierenneukte	mierenneuken:v
mierenneukt	mierenneuken:v
mierenneukten	mierenneuken:v
mierenneukend	mierenneuken:v
gemierenneukt	mierenneuken:v
muggenzift	muggenziften:v
muggenziftte	muggenziften:v
muggenziftten	muggenziften:v
muggenziftend	muggenziften:v
gemuggenzift	muggenziften:v
kobben	kobbe:n
biggel	biggelen:v
biggelde	biggelen:v
biggelt	biggelen:v
biggelden	biggelen:v
biggelend	biggelen:v
gebiggeld	biggelen:v
aandelenbeleggers	aandelenbelegger:n
aandelenbeleggertje	aandelenbelegger:n
voorgangsters	voorgangster:n
voorgangstertje	voorgangster:n
opvolgsters	opvolgster:n
opvolgstertje	opvolgster:n
verester	veresteren:v
veresterde	veresteren:v
verestert	veresteren:v
veresterden	veresteren:v
veresterend	veresteren:v
veresterd	veresteren:v
aprilvissen	aprilvis:n
aprilviske	aprilvis:n
aprilvisje	aprilvis:n
zoemstenen	zoemsteen:n
zoemsteentje	zoemsteen:n
geschutmeesters	geschutmeester:n
geschutmeestertje	geschutmeester:n
geschutmeesterken	geschutmeester:n
dikhoornschapen	dikhoornschaap:n
dikhoornschaapje	dikhoornschaap:n
baardgrassen	baardgras:n
baardharen	baardhaar:n
baardhaartje	baardhaar:n
bakkebaarden	bakkebaard:n
bakkebaardje	bakkebaard:n
puntbaarden	puntbaard:n
puntbaardje	puntbaard:n
ringbaarden	ringbaard:n
ringbaardje	ringbaard:n
stoppelbaarden	stoppelbaard:n
stoppelbaardje	stoppelbaard:n
stoppels	stoppel:n
stoppeltje	stoppel:n
elektronenmicroscopen	elektronenmicroscoop:n
spatels	spatel:n
spateltje	spatel:n
kajak	kajakken:v
kajakte	kajakken:v
kajakt	kajakken:v
kajakten	kajakken:v
kajakkend	kajakken:v
gekajakt	kajakken:v
partijraden	partijraad:n
partijraadje	partijraad:n
jegenoden	jegenode:n
jegenodetje	jegenode:n
lensgloeden	lensgloed:n
lensgloedje	lensgloed:n
controniemen	controniem:n
controniempje	controniem:n
forsgebouwder	forsgebouwd:a
forsgebouwst	forsgebouwd:a
tussenribstukken	tussenribstuk:n
tussenribstukje	tussenribstuk:n
ribstukken	ribstuk:n
ribstukje	ribstuk:n
eenkamerige	eenkamerig:a
ombouwen	ombouw:n
ombouwtje	ombouw:n
herenakkoorden	herenakkoord:n
herenakkoordje	herenakkoord:n
waterlanders	waterlander:n
waterlandertje	waterlander:n
zesjesculturen	zesjescultuur:n
bagatelliseer	bagatelliseren:v
bagatelliseerde	bagatelliseren:v
bagatelliseert	bagatelliseren:v
bagatelliseerden	bagatelliseren:v
bagatelliserend	bagatelliseren:v
gebagatelliseerd	bagatelliseren:v
beroes	beroezen:v
beroesde	beroezen:v
beroest	beroezen:v
beroesden	beroezen:v
beroezend	beroezen:v
beroesd	beroezen:v
sjikkerder	sjikker:a
sjikkerst	sjikker:a
sjikkere	sjikker:a
sjikkerdere	sjikker:a
sjikkerste	sjikker:a
nachtvlinders	nachtvlinder:n
nachtvlindertje	nachtvlinder:n
meerkoeten	meerkoet:n
meerkoetje	meerkoet:n
waterkippen	waterkip:n
waterkippetje	waterkip:n
femelaars	femelaar:n
femelaartje	femelaar:n
snebben	snebbe:n
snebbetje	snebbe:n
dampkringen	dampkring:n
dampkringetje	dampkring:n
zeekoeten	zeekoet:n
hariger	harig:a
harigst	harig:a
harige	harig:a
harigere	harig:a
harigste	harig:a
onverjaardagen	onverjaardag:n
onverjaardagje	onverjaardag:n
konijnenholen	konijnenhol:n
konijnenholletje	konijnenhol:n
cabaretesker	cabaretesk:a
cabareteskst	cabaretesk:a
cabareteske	cabaretesk:a
cabareteskere	cabaretesk:a
cabareteskste	cabaretesk:a
familieleden	familielid:n
familielidje	familielid:n
cabaretavonden	cabaretavond:n
cabaretavondje	cabaretavond:n
cabaretduo's	cabaretduo:n
cabaretduootje	cabaretduo:n
entomofauna's	entomofauna:n
cabaretfestivals	cabaretfestival:n
cabaretfestivalletje	cabaretfestival:n
cabaretgezelschappen	cabaretgezelschap:n
cabaretgezelschapje	cabaretgezelschap:n
schippers	schipper:n
schippertje	schipper:n
achterbuurten	achterbuurt:n
achterbuurtje	achterbuurt:n
cabaretgroepen	cabaretgroep:n
cabaretgroepje	cabaretgroep:n
c-sleutels	c-sleutel:n
c-sleuteltje	c-sleutel:n
koekens	koeken:n
klaverens	klaveren:n
f-sleutels	f-sleutel:n
f-sleuteltje	f-sleutel:n
g-sleutels	g-sleutel:n
g-sleuteltje	g-sleutel:n
gribussen	gribus:n
gribusje	gribus:n
knibbel	knibbelen:v
knibbelde	knibbelen:v
knibbelt	knibbelen:v
knibbelden	knibbelen:v
knibbelend	knibbelen:v
geknibbeld	knibbelen:v
Hellenen	Helleen:n
naspelen	naspel:n
naspelletje	naspel:n
pygmeeën	pygmee:n
ongodisten	ongodist:n
ongodistje	ongodist:n
ongodisterijen	ongodisterij:n
ongodisterijtje	ongodisterij:n
cabaretliederen	cabaretlied:n
cabaretliedje	cabaretlied:n
cabaretsketches	cabaretsketch:n
cabaretsketchje	cabaretsketch:n
sinjoren	sinjoor:n
sinjoortje	sinjoor:n
cabarettrio's	cabarettrio:n
cabarettriootje	cabarettrio:n
cabaretprogramma's	cabaretprogramma:n
cabaretprogrammaatje	cabaretprogramma:n
cabaretvoorstellingen	cabaretvoorstelling:n
cabaretvoorstellinkje	cabaretvoorstelling:n
cabaretshows	cabaretshow:n
cabaretshowtje	cabaretshow:n
cabaretzangers	cabaretzanger:n
cabaretzangertje	cabaretzanger:n
cabaretteksten	cabarettekst:n
cabarettekstje	cabarettekst:n
cacaopoeders	cacaopoeder:n
stikkapotter	stikkapot:n
stikkapotst	stikkapot:n
stikkapotte	stikkapot:n
stikkapottere	stikkapot:n
stikkapotste	stikkapot:n
voorarresten	voorarrest:n
voorarrestje	voorarrest:n
ambu	ambulance:n
middagmalen	middagmaal:n
middagmaaltje	middagmaal:n
crapulen	crapuul:n
oerlelijker	oerlelijk:a
oerlelijkst	oerlelijk:a
oerlelijke	oerlelijk:a
oerlelijkere	oerlelijk:a
oerlelijkste	oerlelijk:a
gedierten	gedierte:n
gediertes	gedierte:n
woeker	woekeren:v
woekerde	woekeren:v
woekert	woekeren:v
woekerden	woekeren:v
woekerend	woekeren:v
gewoekerd	woekeren:v
crapuleuzer	crapuleus:a
crapuleust	crapuleus:a
crapuleuze	crapuleus:a
crapuleuzere	crapuleus:a
crapuleuste	crapuleus:a
straatrovers	straatrover:n
straatrovertje	straatrover:n
straatroven	straatroof:n
straatroofje	straatroof:n
galderij	galerij:n
uitbol	uitbollen:v
uitbolde	uitbollen:v
uitbolt	uitbollen:v
uitbolden	uitbollen:v
uitbollend	uitbollen:v
uitgebold	uitbollen:v
gedachtemisdaden	gedachtemisdaad:n
gedachtemisdaadje	gedachtemisdaad:n
zegevreugdes	zegevreugde:n
zegevreugdetje	zegevreugde:n
tarbotten	tarbot:n
tarbotje	tarbot:n
medioren	medior:n
mediors	medior:n
medioortje	medior:n
zoeaven	zoeaaf:n
zoeaafje	zoeaaf:n
detenties	detentie:n
massamoorden	massamoord:n
massamoordje	massamoord:n
massamoordenaren	massamoordenaar:n
massamoordenaars	massamoordenaar:n
massamoordenaartje	massamoordenaar:n
afkluif	afkluiven:v
afkloof	afkluiven:v
afkluift	afkluiven:v
afkloven	afkluiven:v
afkluivend	afkluiven:v
afgekloven	afkluiven:v
kibboetsen	kibboets:n
kibboetsiem	kibboets:n
kibboetsje	kibboets:n
gemeenplaatsen	gemeenplaats:n
gemeenplaatsje	gemeenplaats:n
clichématige	clichématig:a
zondagse	zondags:a
zondags	zondag:n
eene	ene:r|ene:t
beunhazen	beunhaas:n
beunhaasje	beunhaas:n
geldwolven	geldwolf:n
geldwolfje	geldwolf:n
knorriger	knorrig:a
knorrigst	knorrig:a
knorrige	knorrig:a
knorrigere	knorrig:a
knorrigste	knorrig:a
zondvloeden	zondvloed:n
zondvloedje	zondvloed:n
walgingen	walging:n
walginkje	walging:n
spijkerbommen	spijkerbom:n
spijkerbommetje	spijkerbom:n
wegaanduidingen	wegaanduiding:n
coffeïne	cafeïne:n
koffiebonen	koffieboon:n
koffieboontje	koffieboon:n
koffiebars	koffiebar:n
koffiebarretje	koffiebar:n
koffieshops	koffieshop:n
koffieshopje	koffieshop:n
koffietijden	koffietijd:n
koffiepauzes	koffiepauze:n
koffiepauzen	koffiepauze:n
koffiepauzetje	koffiepauze:n
theepauzes	theepauze:n
theepauzen	theepauze:n
theepauzetje	theepauze:n
spinnijdige	spinnijdig:a
genaak	genaken:v
genaakte	genaken:v
genaakten	genaken:v
genakend	genaken:v
stinkmarters	stinkmarter:n
stinkmartertje	stinkmarter:n
aluhoedjes	aluhoedje:n
schreeuwlelijks	schreeuwlelijk:n
schreeuwlelijkje	schreeuwlelijk:n
schreeuwlelijker	schreeuwlelijk:a
schreeuwlelijkst	schreeuwlelijk:a
schreeuwlelijke	schreeuwlelijk:a
schreeuwlelijkere	schreeuwlelijk:a
schreeuwlelijkste	schreeuwlelijk:a
ritsiger	ritsig:a
ritsigst	ritsig:a
ritsige	ritsig:a
ritsigere	ritsig:a
ritsigste	ritsig:a
elektromagneten	elektromagneet:n
bronsttijden	bronsttijd:n
bronsttijdje	bronsttijd:n
tochtiger	tochtig:a
tochtigst	tochtig:a
tochtige	tochtig:a
tochtigere	tochtig:a
tochtigste	tochtig:a
sociaaldemocratieën	sociaaldemocratie:n
democraten	democraat:n
democraatje	democraat:n
gemoedje	gemoed:n
steniger	stenig:a
stenigst	stenig:a
stenige	stenig:a
stenigere	stenig:a
stenigste	stenig:a
vliegbasissen	vliegbasis:n
vliegbases	vliegbasis:n
vliegbasisje	vliegbasis:n
boeklongen	boeklong:n
frisheden	frisheid:n
kinderbeschermingen	kinderbescherming:n
kindertalen	kindertaal:n
kindertaaltje	kindertaal:n
kinderzorgen	kinderzorg:n
kindvriendelijker	kindvriendelijk:a
kindvriendelijkst	kindvriendelijk:a
kindvriendelijke	kindvriendelijk:a
kindvriendelijkere	kindvriendelijk:a
kindvriendelijkste	kindvriendelijk:a
koningskinderen	koningskind:n
koningskindje	koningskind:n
koningskindertje	koningskind:n
liefdeskinderen	liefdeskind:n
liefdeskindje	liefdeskind:n
mensenkinderen	mensenkind:n
zondagskinderen	zondagskind:n
stiefkinderen	stiefkind:n
stiefkindje	stiefkind:n
kapersbrief	kaperbrief:n
volksvertegenwoordigingen	volksvertegenwoordiging:n
volksvertegenwoordiginkje	volksvertegenwoordiging:n
volksvertegenwoordigers	volksvertegenwoordiger:n
volksvertegenwoordigertje	volksvertegenwoordiger:n
stadskinderen	stadskind:n
stadskindje	stadskind:n
brievenbusmaatschappijen	brievenbusmaatschappij:n
brievenbusmaatschappijtje	brievenbusmaatschappij:n
ontzuilingen	ontzuiling:n
slapjanussen	slapjanus:n
slapjanusje	slapjanus:n
aanbrengingen	aanbrenging:n
belastingparadijzen	belastingparadijs:n
belastingparadijsje	belastingparadijs:n
lezenaars	lezenaar:n
lezenaartje	lezenaar:n
loopjongens	loopjongen:n
loopjongetje	loopjongen:n
kattinnen	kattin:n
kattinnetje	kattin:n
katvogels	katvogel:n
katvogeltje	katvogel:n
mannetjeskatten	mannetjeskat:n
mannetjeskatje	mannetjeskat:n
vrouwtjeskatten	vrouwtjeskat:n
vrouwtjeskatje	vrouwtjeskat:n
wolla	wollah:i
fattoes	fattoe:n
fattoetje	fattoe:n
fattoeër	fattoe:a
fattoest	fattoe:a
matties	mattie:n
mattietje	mattie:n
zwaffelen	swaffelen:v
hossel	hosselen:v
hosselde	hosselen:v
hosselt	hosselen:v
hosselden	hosselen:v
hosselend	hosselen:v
gehosseld	hosselen:v
schuilkerken	schuilkerk:n
schuilkerkje	schuilkerk:n
schuurkerken	schuurkerk:n
schuurkerkje	schuurkerk:n
kerkschuren	kerkschuur:n
kerkschuurtje	kerkschuur:n
kiltes	kilte:n
magnaten	magnaat:n
waterhoofden	waterhoofd:n
waterhoofdje	waterhoofd:n
dikhuiden	dikhuid:n
dikhuidje	dikhuid:n
mieter	mieteren:v
mieterde	mieteren:v
mietert	mieteren:v
mieterden	mieteren:v
mieterend	mieteren:v
gemieterd	mieteren:v
zwoeler	zwoel:a
zwoelst	zwoel:a
zwoele	zwoel:a
zwoelere	zwoel:a
zwoelste	zwoel:a
droesems	droesem:n
droesempje	droesem:n
geitenneukers	geitenneuker:n
geitenneukertje	geitenneuker:n
neukers	neuker:n
neukertje	neuker:n
parallelwegen	parallelweg:n
parallelweggetje	parallelweg:n
ventwegen	ventweg:n
ventweggetje	ventweg:n
slobber	slobberen:v
slobberde	slobberen:v
slobbert	slobberen:v
slobberden	slobberen:v
slobberend	slobberen:v
geslobberd	slobberen:v
lebber	lebberen:v
lebberde	lebberen:v
lebbert	lebberen:v
lebberden	lebberen:v
lebberend	lebberen:v
gelebberd	lebberen:v
veralgemeen	veralgemenen:v
veralgemeent	veralgemenen:v
veralgemeenden	veralgemenen:v
veralgemenend	veralgemenen:v
veralgemeend	veralgemenen:v
veralgemeniseer	veralgemeniseren:v
veralgemeniseerde	veralgemeniseren:v
veralgemeniseert	veralgemeniseren:v
veralgemeniseerden	veralgemeniseren:v
veralgemeniserend	veralgemeniseren:v
veralgemeniseerd	veralgemeniseren:v
jokte	jokken:v
jokt	jokken:v
jokten	jokken:v
jokkend	jokken:v
gejokt	jokken:v
bretels	bretel:n
breteltje	bretel:n
vatenbommen	vatenbom:n
vatenbommetje	vatenbom:n
kernbommen	kernbom:n
kernbommetje	kernbom:n
splijtzwammen	splijtzwam:n
splijtzwammetje	splijtzwam:n
zinnebeelden	zinnebeeld:n
zinnebeeldje	zinnebeeld:n
langnekken	langnek:n
langnekje	langnek:n
getuigenispartijen	getuigenispartij:n
getuigenispartijtje	getuigenispartij:n
inclusies	inclusie:n
pantserwagens	pantserwagen:n
pantserwagentje	pantserwagen:n
geesteswetenschappen	geesteswetenschap:n
geestesogen	geestesoog:n
begeleiders	begeleider:n
begeleidertje	begeleider:n
penisbeenderen	penisbeen:n
penisbenen	penisbeen:n
penisbeentje	penisbeen:n
penisbotten	penisbot:n
penisbotje	penisbot:n
idolen	idool:n
idooltje	idool:n
gladiolen	gladiool:n
gladiooltje	gladiool:n
sijpel	sijpelen:v
sijpelde	sijpelen:v
sijpelt	sijpelen:v
sijpelden	sijpelen:v
sijpelend	sijpelen:v
gesijpeld	sijpelen:v
blessen	bles:n
blesje	bles:n
smombies	smombie:n
bevrijdingskinderen	bevrijdingskind:n
bevrijdingskinders	bevrijdingskind:n
bevrijdingskindje	bevrijdingskind:n
bevrijdingskindertje	bevrijdingskind:n
wedlopen	wedloop:n
wedloopje	wedloop:n
verschenk	verschenken:v
verschonk	verschenken:v
verschenkt	verschenken:v
verschonken	verschenken:v
verschenkend	verschenken:v
paardebloem	paardenbloem:n
verpacht	verpachten:v
verpachtte	verpachten:v
verpachtten	verpachten:v
verpachtend	verpachten:v
uikoepels	uikoepel:n
uikoepeltje	uikoepel:n
steunberen	steunbeer:n
steunbeertje	steunbeer:n
ziekenboegen	ziekenboeg:n
ziekenboegje	ziekenboeg:n
koffiezetapparaten	koffiezetapparaat:n
koffiezetapparaatje	koffiezetapparaat:n
hersenspinsels	hersenspinsel:n
hersenspinseltje	hersenspinsel:n
wentelwieken	wentelwiek:n
wentelwiekje	wentelwiek:n
bakkeljauwen	bakkeljauw:n
bakkeljauwtje	bakkeljauw:n
klipvissen	klipvis:n
klipvisje	klipvis:n
gideonsbendes	gideonsbende:n
gideonsbenden	gideonsbende:n
klapwiek	klapwieken:v
klapwiekte	klapwieken:v
klapwiekt	klapwieken:v
klapwiekten	klapwieken:v
klapwiekend	klapwieken:v
geklapwiekt	klapwieken:v
banieren	banier:n
baniers	banier:n
baniertje	banier:n
hyperoniemen	hyperoniem:n
hyperoniempje	hyperoniem:n
uilenballen	uilenbal:n
uilenballetje	uilenbal:n
braakballen	braakbal:n
braakballetje	braakbal:n
mondholten	mondholte:n
mondholtes	mondholte:n
mondholtetje	mondholte:n
peziger	pezig:a
pezigst	pezig:a
pezige	pezig:a
pezigere	pezig:a
pezigste	pezig:a
salonsocialisten	salonsocialist:n
salonsocialistje	salonsocialist:n
gutmenschen	gutmensch:n
gutmenschje	gutmensch:n
randfiguren	randfiguur:n
randfiguurtje	randfiguur:n
evenwichtiger	evenwichtig:a
evenwichtigst	evenwichtig:a
evenwichtige	evenwichtig:a
evenwichtigere	evenwichtig:a
evenwichtigste	evenwichtig:a
scharminkels	scharminkel:n
scharminkeltje	scharminkel:n
zeeolifanten	zeeolifant:n
zeeolifantje	zeeolifant:n
vervloek	vervloeken:v
vervloekten	vervloeken:v
vervloekend	vervloeken:v
voorvallen	voorval:n
voorvalletje	voorval:n
straatvechters	straatvechter:n
straatvechtertje	straatvechter:n
dickpics	dickpic:n
dickpicje	dickpic:n
vicarissen	vicaris:n
vicarisje	vicaris:n
maïskoeken	maïskoek:n
maïskoekje	maïskoek:n
nareis	nareizen:v
nareisde	nareizen:v
nareist	nareizen:v
nareisden	nareizen:v
nareizend	nareizen:v
nagereisd	nareizen:v
nareizen	nareis:n
botergeile	botergeil:a
einders	einder:n
verdichtsels	verdichtsel:n
verdichtseltje	verdichtsel:n
reetveters	reetveter:n
reetvetertje	reetveter:n
PWS	profielwerkstuk:n
bingo	bingoën:v
bingode	bingoën:v
bingoot	bingoën:v
bingoden	bingoën:v
bingoënd	bingoën:v
gebingood	bingoën:v
moraalridders	moraalridder:n
moraalriddertje	moraalridder:n
afwasmachines	afwasmachine:n
afwasmachientje	afwasmachine:n
afwasmachinetje	afwasmachine:n
legboren	legboor:n
legboortje	legboor:n
galeien	galei:n
galeitje	galei:n
Proto-Semitische	Proto-Semitisch:a
Oersemitische	Oersemitisch:a
geslachtsidentiteitsstoornissen	geslachtsidentiteitsstoornis:n
geslachtsidentiteitsstoornisje	geslachtsidentiteitsstoornis:n
geslachtsidentiteiten	geslachtsidentiteit:n
geslachtsidentiteitje	geslachtsidentiteit:n
draaideuren	draaideur:n
draaideurtje	draaideur:n
draaideurcriminelen	draaideurcrimineel:n
draaideurcrimineeltje	draaideurcrimineel:n
fatsoensrakkers	fatsoensrakker:n
fatsoensrakkertje	fatsoensrakker:n
zedenmeesters	zedenmeester:n
zedenmeestertje	zedenmeester:n
zedendelinquenten	zedendelinquent:n
zedendelinquentje	zedendelinquent:n
romanisten	romanist:n
radbraak	radbraken:v
radbraakte	radbraken:v
radbraakt	radbraken:v
radbraakten	radbraken:v
radbrakend	radbraken:v
geradbraakt	radbraken:v
ombudspersonen	ombudspersoon:n
ombudspersoontje	ombudspersoon:n
ombudsvrouwen	ombudsvrouw:n
ombudsvrouwtje	ombudsvrouw:n
druzen	druus:n
zonnebanken	zonnebank:n
zonnebankje	zonnebank:n
zonnestudio's	zonnestudio:n
zonnestudiootje	zonnestudio:n
betaalbewijzen	betaalbewijs:n
betaalbewijsje	betaalbewijs:n
schikkingen	schikking:n
schikkinkje	schikking:n
raadslieden	raadsman:n
raadsmannen	raadsman:n
raadsmannetje	raadsman:n
raadsvrouwen	raadsvrouw:n
raadsvrouwtje	raadsvrouw:n
kafkaësker	kafkaësk:a
kafkaëskst	kafkaësk:a
kafkaiaanser	kafkaiaans:a
kafkaiaanst	kafkaiaans:a
schuinsmarcheerders	schuinsmarcheerder:n
schuinsmarcheerdertje	schuinsmarcheerder:n
houwitsers	houwitser:n
houwitsertje	houwitser:n
kamerstukken	kamerstuk:n
kamerstukje	kamerstuk:n
sibbes	sibbe:n
geslachtsziekten	geslachtsziekte:n
overdraagbare	overdraagbaar:a
petoeten	petoet:n
piekeniers	piekenier:n
piekeniertje	piekenier:n
belg	belgen:v
belgde	belgen:v
belgt	belgen:v
belgden	belgen:v
belgend	belgen:v
gebelgd	belgen:v
bolg	belgen:v
bolgen	belgen:v
gebolgen	belgen:v
wieven	wief:n
wiefje	wief:n
wiefke	wief:n
leuter	leuteren:v
leuterde	leuteren:v
leutert	leuteren:v
leuterden	leuteren:v
leuterend	leuteren:v
geleuterd	leuteren:v
grabbel	grabbelen:v
grabbelde	grabbelen:v
grabbelt	grabbelen:v
grabbelden	grabbelen:v
grabbelend	grabbelen:v
gegrabbeld	grabbelen:v
pennenmessen	pennenmes:n
pennenmesje	pennenmes:n
rookkazen	rookkaas:n
rookkaasje	rookkaas:n
vitaliteiten	vitaliteit:n
vitaliteitje	vitaliteit:n
vitaler	vitaal:a
vitaalst	vitaal:a
vitale	vitaal:a
vitalere	vitaal:a
vitaalste	vitaal:a
zodiakken	zodiak:n
zodiakje	zodiak:n
automobielen	automobiel:n
automobieltje	automobiel:n
barf	barfen:v
barfte	barfen:v
barft	barfen:v
barften	barfen:v
barfend	barfen:v
gebarft	barfen:v
ladekasten	ladekast:n
ladekastje	ladekast:n
sappel	sappelen:v
sappelde	sappelen:v
sappelt	sappelen:v
sappelden	sappelen:v
sappelend	sappelen:v
gesappeld	sappelen:v
waterschappen	waterschap:n
waterschapje	waterschap:n
dijkgraven	dijkgraaf:n
dijkgraafje	dijkgraaf:n
rondedansen	rondedans:n
rondedansje	rondedans:n
estampies	estampie:n
bolsjewieken	bolsjewiek:n
bolsjewiekje	bolsjewiek:n
racistischer	racistisch:a
racistischt	racistisch:a
racistische	racistisch:a
racistischere	racistisch:a
racistischte	racistisch:a
wetenschapsfilosofieën	wetenschapsfilosofie:n
wetenschapsfilosofietje	wetenschapsfilosofie:n
Semieten	Semiet:n
Semietje	Semiet:n
antisemieten	antisemiet:n
antisemietje	antisemiet:n
powerbanks	powerbank:n
leerdichten	leerdicht:n
leerdichtje	leerdicht:n
lyrieken	lyriek:n
lyriekje	lyriek:n
engten	engte:n
engtes	engte:n
luwten	luwte:n
luwtes	luwte:n
luwer	luw:a
luwst	luw:a
luwere	luw:a
luwste	luw:a
vereenzelvig	vereenzelvigen:v
vereenzelvigde	vereenzelvigen:v
vereenzelvigt	vereenzelvigen:v
vereenzelvigden	vereenzelvigen:v
vereenzelvigend	vereenzelvigen:v
vereenzelvigd	vereenzelvigen:v
bestendig	bestendigen:v
bestendigde	bestendigen:v
bestendigt	bestendigen:v
bestendigden	bestendigen:v
bestendigend	bestendigen:v
bestendigd	bestendigen:v
desambigueer	desambigueren:v
desambigueerde	desambigueren:v
desambigueert	desambigueren:v
desambigueerden	desambigueren:v
desambiguerend	desambigueren:v
gedesambigueerd	desambigueren:v
gezelligheden	gezelligheid:n
gezelligheidje	gezelligheid:n
gezelligs	gezellig:a
latinisten	latinist:n
latinistje	latinist:n
neerlandici	neerlandicus:n
doodshoofdaapjes	doodshoofdaapje:n
bivakken	bivak:n
daadkrachtiger	daadkrachtig:a
daadkrachtigst	daadkrachtig:a
krachtdadiger	krachtdadig:a
krachtdadigst	krachtdadig:a
saaiheden	saaiheid:n
saamhorigheidsgevoelens	saamhorigheidsgevoel:n
doelsaldi	doelsaldo:n
doelsaldo's	doelsaldo:n
banksaldi	banksaldo:n
banksaldo's	banksaldo:n
polder	polderen:v
polderde	polderen:v
poldert	polderen:v
polderden	polderen:v
polderend	polderen:v
gepolderd	polderen:v
inpolder	inpolderen:v
inpolderde	inpolderen:v
inpoldert	inpolderen:v
inpolderden	inpolderen:v
inpolderend	inpolderen:v
ingepolderd	inpolderen:v
superbroeikasgassen	superbroeikasgas:n
stopformulieren	stopformulier:n
stopformuliertje	stopformulier:n
wegstem	wegstemmen:v
wegstemde	wegstemmen:v
wegstemt	wegstemmen:v
wegstemden	wegstemmen:v
wegstemmend	wegstemmen:v
weggestemd	wegstemmen:v
lanterfanters	lanterfanter:n
lanterfantertje	lanterfanter:n
lanterfant	lanterfanten:v
lanterfantte	lanterfanten:v
lanterfantten	lanterfanten:v
lanterfantend	lanterfanten:v
gelanterfant	lanterfanten:v
lanterfanten	lanterfant:n
lanterfantje	lanterfant:n
lanterfanter	lanterfanteren:v
lanterfanterde	lanterfanteren:v
lanterfantert	lanterfanteren:v
lanterfanterden	lanterfanteren:v
lanterfanterend	lanterfanteren:v
gelanterfanterd	lanterfanteren:v
schoolzieker	schoolziek:a
schoolziekst	schoolziek:a
schoolzieke	schoolziek:a
schoolziekten	schoolziekte:n
schoolziektes	schoolziekte:n
schoolziektetje	schoolziekte:n
jeremieer	jeremiëren:v
jeremieerde	jeremiëren:v
jeremieert	jeremiëren:v
jeremieerden	jeremiëren:v
jeremiërend	jeremiëren:v
gejeremieerd	jeremiëren:v
valsch	vals:a
aandik	aandikken:v
aandikte	aandikken:v
aandikt	aandikken:v
aandikten	aandikken:v
aandikkend	aandikken:v
aangedikt	aandikken:v
gierstmelden	gierstmelde:n
gierstmeldetje	gierstmelde:n
opkanker	opkankeren:v
opkankerde	opkankeren:v
opkankert	opkankeren:v
opkankerden	opkankeren:v
opkankerend	opkankeren:v
opgekankerd	opkankeren:v
mieg	miegen:v
meeg	miegen:v
miegt	miegen:v
megen	miegen:v
miegend	miegen:v
gemegen	miegen:v
gekheden	gekheid:n
koenheden	koenheid:n
zotheden	zotheid:n
onbevreesder	onbevreesd:a
onbevreesdst	onbevreesd:a
onbevreesde	onbevreesd:a
onbevreesdere	onbevreesd:a
onbevreesdste	onbevreesd:a
vervaarder	vervaard:a
vervaardst	vervaard:a
vervaarde	vervaard:a|vervaren:v
vervaardere	vervaard:a
vervaardste	vervaard:a
onvervaarder	onvervaard:a
onvervaardst	onvervaard:a
onvervaarde	onvervaard:a
onvervaardere	onvervaard:a
onvervaardste	onvervaard:a
boekdrukkunsten	boekdrukkunst:n
zevenslaper	Zevenslaper:n
zevenslapers	zevenslaper:n
zevenslapertje	zevenslaper:n
relmuizen	relmuis:n
relmuisje	relmuis:n
hoon	honen:v
hoonde	honen:v
hoont	honen:v
hoonden	honen:v
honend	honen:v
gehoond	honen:v
curatoria	curatorium:n
kerktorens	kerktoren:n
kerktorentje	kerktoren:n
antistoffen	antistof:n
antistofje	antistof:n
etgrassen	etgras:n
etgroenen	etgroen:n
bevroed	bevroeden:v
bevroedde	bevroeden:v
bevroedt	bevroeden:v
bevroedden	bevroeden:v
bevroedend	bevroeden:v
vissticks	visstick:n
visstickje	visstick:n
hoofdredacteurs	hoofdredacteur:n
hoofdredacteuren	hoofdredacteur:n
hoofdredacteurtje	hoofdredacteur:n
lovergirls	lovergirl:n
lovergirlje	lovergirl:n
breem	braam:n
zeiknatte	zeiknat:a
secreten	secreet:n
secreetje	secreet:n
zeuro's	zeuro:n
zeurootje	zeuro:n
livestreams	livestream:n
renoveringen	renovering:n
renoverinkje	renovering:n
kamillen	kamille:n
kamilles	kamille:n
kamilletje	kamille:n
kanjers	kanjer:n
kanjertje	kanjer:n
impopulairder	impopulair:a
impopulairst	impopulair:a
impopulaire	impopulair:a
impopulairdere	impopulair:a
impopulairste	impopulair:a
nachtwakersstaten	nachtwakersstaat:n
nachtwakersstaatje	nachtwakersstaat:n
overwoeker	overwoekeren:v
overwoekerde	overwoekeren:v
overwoekert	overwoekeren:v
overwoekerden	overwoekeren:v
overwoekerend	overwoekeren:v
overwoekerd	overwoekeren:v
prinsheerlijker	prinsheerlijk:a
prinsheerlijkst	prinsheerlijk:a
prinsheerlijke	prinsheerlijk:a
prinsheerlijkere	prinsheerlijk:a
prinsheerlijkste	prinsheerlijk:a
platanen	plataan:n
guitiger	guitig:a
guitigst	guitig:a
Facebookvrienden	Facebookvriend:n
Facebookvriendje	Facebookvriend:n
waarheidsgetrouwer	waarheidsgetrouw:a
waarheidsgetrouwst	waarheidsgetrouw:a
waarheidsgetrouwe	waarheidsgetrouw:a
waarheidsgetrouwere	waarheidsgetrouw:a
waarheidsgetrouwste	waarheidsgetrouw:a
keutels	keutel:n
keuteltje	keutel:n
drinkwateren	drinkwater:n
drinkwaters	drinkwater:n
drinkwatertje	drinkwater:n
dezen	deze:r|deze:t
suspensies	suspensie:n
versch	vers:a
dwergchimpansees	dwergchimpansee:n
dwergchimpanseetje	dwergchimpansee:n
franciscanessen	franciscanes:n
rondhouten	rondhout:n
sorterinkje	sortering:n
onderschrijf	onderschrijven:v
onderschreef	onderschrijven:v
onderschrijft	onderschrijven:v
onderschreven	onderschrijven:v
onderschrijvend	onderschrijven:v
dik	dikken:v
dikte	dikken:v
dikt	dikken:v
dikten	dikken:v
dikkend	dikken:v
gedikt	dikken:v
hitste	hitsen:v
hitst	hitsen:v
hitsten	hitsen:v
hitsend	hitsen:v
gehitst	hitsen:v
ophits	ophitsen:v
ophitste	ophitsen:v
ophitst	ophitsen:v
ophitsten	ophitsen:v
ophitsend	ophitsen:v
opgehitst	ophitsen:v
kondig	kondigen:v
kondigde	kondigen:v
kondigt	kondigen:v
kondigden	kondigen:v
kondigend	kondigen:v
gekondigd	kondigen:v
konder	kond:a
kondst	kond:a
kondere	kond:a
kondste	kond:a
bakende	bakenen:v
bakent	bakenen:v
bakenden	bakenen:v
bakenend	bakenen:v
gebakend	bakenen:v
aanbrand	aanbranden:v
aanbrandde	aanbranden:v
aanbrandt	aanbranden:v
aanbrandden	aanbranden:v
aanbrandend	aanbranden:v
aangebrand	aanbranden:v
etappes	etappe:n
etappetje	etappe:n
gelastte	gelasten:v
gelastten	gelasten:v
gelastend	gelasten:v
ransel	ranselen:v
ranselde	ranselen:v
ranselt	ranselen:v
ranselden	ranselen:v
ranselend	ranselen:v
geranseld	ranselen:v
slank	slanken:v
slankte	slanken:v
slankt	slanken:v
slankten	slanken:v
slankend	slanken:v
geslankt	slanken:v
stempel	stempelen:v
stempelde	stempelen:v
stempelt	stempelen:v
stempelden	stempelen:v
stempelend	stempelen:v
gestempeld	stempelen:v
troef	troeven:v
troefde	troeven:v
troeft	troeven:v
troefden	troeven:v
troevend	troeven:v
getroefd	troeven:v
troeven	troef:n
troefje	troef:n
vaardig	vaardigen:v
vaardigde	vaardigen:v
vaardigt	vaardigen:v
vaardigden	vaardigen:v
vaardigend	vaardigen:v
gevaardigd	vaardigen:v
zonder	zonderen:v
zonderde	zonderen:v
zondert	zonderen:v
zonderden	zonderen:v
zonderend	zonderen:v
gezonderd	zonderen:v
zwak	zwakken:v
zwakte	zwakken:v
zwakt	zwakken:v
zwakkend	zwakken:v
gezwakt	zwakken:v
h'r	haar:r
mijner	mijn:t|ik:r
mijners	mijner:n
uwer	uw:t|u:r
onzer	ons:t|wij:r
jouwer	jouw:t|jij:r
aperturen	apertuur:n
smook	smoken:v
smookte	smoken:v
smookt	smoken:v
smookten	smoken:v
smokend	smoken:v
gesmookt	smoken:v
smoke	smoken:v
smokete	smoken:v
smoket	smoken:v
smoketen	smoken:v
gesmoket	smoken:v
druïden	druïde:n
druïdes	druïde:n
baf	baffen:v
bafte	baffen:v
baft	baffen:v
baften	baffen:v
baffend	baffen:v
gebaft	baffen:v
baffen	blaffen:v
waterafstotende	waterafstotend:a
hydrofober	hydrofoob:a
hydrofoobst	hydrofoob:a
hydrofobe	hydrofoob:a
hydrofobere	hydrofoob:a
hydrofoobste	hydrofoob:a
hydrofieler	hydrofiel:a
hydrofielst	hydrofiel:a
hydrofiele	hydrofiel:a
hydrofielere	hydrofiel:a
hydrofielste	hydrofiel:a
xenofoben	xenofoob:n
xenofoobje	xenofoob:n
xenofober	xenofoob:a
xenofoobst	xenofoob:a
xenofobe	xenofoob:a
xenofobere	xenofoob:a
xenofoobste	xenofoob:a
substantiveringen	substantivering:n
substantiverinkje	substantivering:n
substantiveer	substantiveren:v
substantiveerde	substantiveren:v
substantiveert	substantiveren:v
substantiveerden	substantiveren:v
substantiverend	substantiveren:v
gesubstantiveerd	substantiveren:v
prang	prangen:v
prangde	prangen:v
prangt	prangen:v
prangden	prangen:v
prangend	prangen:v
geprangd	prangen:v
hels	helzen:v
helsde	helzen:v
helsden	helzen:v
helzend	helzen:v
gehelsd	helzen:v
regentonnen	regenton:n
regentonnetje	regenton:n
kogelde	kogelen:v
kogelt	kogelen:v
kogelden	kogelen:v
kogelend	kogelen:v
gekogeld	kogelen:v
kokstoof	kokstoven:v
kokstoofde	kokstoven:v
kokstooft	kokstoven:v
kokstoofden	kokstoven:v
kokstovend	kokstoven:v
gekokstoofd	kokstoven:v
belem	belemmen:v
belemde	belemmen:v
belemt	belemmen:v
belemden	belemmen:v
belemmend	belemmen:v
belemd	belemmen:v
aflees	aflezen:v
aflas	aflezen:v|aflassen:v
afleest	aflezen:v
aflazen	aflezen:v
aflezend	aflezen:v
afgelezen	aflezen:v
moei	moeien:v
moeide	moeien:v
moeit	moeien:v
moeiden	moeien:v
moeiend	moeien:v
gemoeid	moeien:v
nauw	nauwen:v
nauwde	nauwen:v
nauwt	nauwen:v
nauwden	nauwen:v
nauwend	nauwen:v
genauwd	nauwen:v
nijd	nijden:v
nijdde	nijden:v
nijdt	nijden:v
nijdden	nijden:v
nijdend	nijden:v
genijd	nijden:v
groentjes	groentje:n
rokkende	rokkenen:v
rokkent	rokkenen:v
rokkenden	rokkenen:v
rokkenend	rokkenen:v
gerokkend	rokkenen:v
spinnekobben	spinnekob:n
spinnekobbetje	spinnekob:n
emten	emt:n
emtje	emt:n
bronstje	bronst:n
blèr	blèren:v
blèrde	blèren:v
blèrt	blèren:v
blèrden	blèren:v
blèrend	blèren:v
geblèrd	blèren:v
levensliederen	levenslied:n
levensliedje	levenslied:n
misken	miskennen:v
miskende	miskennen:v
miskent	miskennen:v
miskenden	miskennen:v
miskennend	miskennen:v
miskend	miskennen:v
mormonen	mormoon:n
Alanen	Alaan:n
snoekbaarzen	snoekbaars:n
snoekbaarsje	snoekbaars:n
verzwelg	verzwelgen:v
verzwolg	verzwelgen:v
verzwelgt	verzwelgen:v
verzwolgen	verzwelgen:v
verzwelgend	verzwelgen:v
verdelg	verdelgen:v
verdelgde	verdelgen:v
verdelgt	verdelgen:v
verdelgden	verdelgen:v
verdelgend	verdelgen:v
verdelgd	verdelgen:v
verzwijg	verzwijgen:v
verzweeg	verzwijgen:v
verzwijgt	verzwijgen:v
verzwegen	verzwijgen:v
verzwijgend	verzwijgen:v
zab	zabben:v
zabde	zabben:v
zabt	zabben:v
zabden	zabben:v
zabbend	zabben:v
gezabd	zabben:v
schimmel	schimmelen:v
schimmelde	schimmelen:v
schimmelt	schimmelen:v
schimmelden	schimmelen:v
schimmelend	schimmelen:v
geschimmeld	schimmelen:v
schimp	schimpen:v
schimpte	schimpen:v
schimpt	schimpen:v
schimpten	schimpen:v
schimpend	schimpen:v
geschimpt	schimpen:v
afschrijf	afschrijven:v
afschreef	afschrijven:v
afschrijft	afschrijven:v
afschreven	afschrijven:v
afschrijvend	afschrijven:v
afgeschreven	afschrijven:v
schut	schutten:v
schutte	schutten:v
schuttend	schutten:v
geschut	schutten:v
barkies	barkie:n
barkietje	barkie:n
doezoes	doezoe:n
studiefinancieringen	studiefinanciering:n
studiefinancierinkje	studiefinanciering:n
staurogrammen	staurogram:n
slechtte	slechten:v
slechtten	slechten:v
slechtend	slechten:v
geslecht	slechten:v
slis	slissen:v
sliste	slissen:v
slist	slissen:v
slisten	slissen:v
slissend	slissen:v
geslist	slissen:v
ontsmet	ontsmetten:v
ontsmette	ontsmetten:v
ontsmettend	ontsmetten:v
desinfecteer	desinfecteren:v
desinfecteerde	desinfecteren:v
desinfecteert	desinfecteren:v
desinfecteerden	desinfecteren:v
desinfecterend	desinfecteren:v
gedesinfecteerd	desinfecteren:v
spied	spieden:v
spiedde	spieden:v
spiedt	spieden:v
spiedden	spieden:v
spiedend	spieden:v
gespied	spieden:v
sneeuwengelen	sneeuwengel:n
sneeuwengeltje	sneeuwengel:n
titel	titelen:v
titelde	titelen:v
titelt	titelen:v
titelden	titelen:v
titelend	titelen:v
getiteld	titelen:v
beugje	beug:n
beugske	beug:n
slottorens	slottoren:n
slottorentje	slottoren:n
bergvredes	bergvrede:n
vochtig	vochtigen:v
vochtigde	vochtigen:v
vochtigt	vochtigen:v
vochtigden	vochtigen:v
vochtigend	vochtigen:v
gevochtigd	vochtigen:v
ros	rossen:v
rosten	rossen:v
rossend	rossen:v
gerost	rossen:v
vredig	vredigen:v
vredigde	vredigen:v
vredigt	vredigen:v
vredigden	vredigen:v
vredigend	vredigen:v
gevredigd	vredigen:v
vroed	vroeden:v
vroedde	vroeden:v
vroedt	vroeden:v
vroedden	vroeden:v
vroedend	vroeden:v
gevroed	vroeden:v
huizes	huis:n
vechters	vechter:n
vechtertje	vechter:n
kuimer	kuim:a
kuimst	kuim:a
forward	forwarden:v
forwardde	forwarden:v
forwardt	forwarden:v
forwardden	forwarden:v
forwardend	forwarden:v
geforward	forwarden:v
ruisonderdrukkers	ruisonderdrukker:n
ruisonderdrukkertje	ruisonderdrukker:n
ravenmoeders	ravenmoeder:n
ravenmoedertje	ravenmoeder:n
kattenmoeders	kattenmoeder:n
kattenmoedertje	kattenmoeder:n
hondenmoeders	hondenmoeder:n
hondenmoedertje	hondenmoeder:n
toereik	toereiken:v
toereikte	toereiken:v
toereikt	toereiken:v
toereikten	toereiken:v
toegereikt	toereiken:v
zwaalden	zwaalde:n
zwaaldetje	zwaalde:n
vroedmeesters	vroedmeester:n
vroedmeestertje	vroedmeester:n
krioel	krioelen:v
krioelde	krioelen:v
krioelt	krioelen:v
krioelden	krioelen:v
krioelend	krioelen:v
gekrioeld	krioelen:v
krielkippen	krielkip:n
krielkippetje	krielkip:n
krielkipje	krielkip:n
krielen	kriel:n
krieltje	kriel:n
olijker	olijk:a
olijkst	olijk:a
olijke	olijk:a
olijkere	olijk:a
olijkste	olijk:a
verderfenissen	verderfenis:n
verderfenisje	verderfenis:n
geheimenissen	geheimenis:n
geheimenisje	geheimenis:n
ontheemde	ontheemd:a|onthemen:v
ontheem	onthemen:v
ontheemt	onthemen:v
ontheemden	onthemen:v
onthemend	onthemen:v
ontheemd	onthemen:v
ontgroen	ontgroenen:v
ontgroende	ontgroenen:v
ontgroent	ontgroenen:v
ontgroenden	ontgroenen:v
ontgroenend	ontgroenen:v
ontgroend	ontgroenen:v
ontgroeningen	ontgroening:n
ontgroeninkje	ontgroening:n
schaterlachje	schaterlach:n
schaterlach	schaterlachen:v
schaterlachte	schaterlachen:v
schaterlacht	schaterlachen:v
schaterlachten	schaterlachen:v
schaterlachend	schaterlachen:v
geschaterlacht	schaterlachen:v
schater	schateren:v
schaterde	schateren:v
schatert	schateren:v
schaterden	schateren:v
schaterend	schateren:v
geschaterd	schateren:v
droefenissen	droefenis:n
goedmensen	goedmens:n
goedmensje	goedmens:n
ontwapen	ontwapenen:v
ontwapende	ontwapenen:v
ontwapent	ontwapenen:v
ontwapenden	ontwapenen:v
ontwapenend	ontwapenen:v
ontwapend	ontwapenen:v
meezing	meezingen:v
meezong	meezingen:v
meezingt	meezingen:v
meezongen	meezingen:v
meezingend	meezingen:v
meegezongen	meezingen:v
meezangen	meezang:n
meezangetje	meezang:n
studentendopen	studentendoop:n
studentendoopje	studentendoop:n
wierde	worden:v
wierden	wierde:n|worden:v
wierdetje	wierde:n
vergrijzingen	vergrijzing:n
vergrijzinkje	vergrijzing:n
waterkansen	waterkans:n
waterkansje	waterkans:n
gemoedsgesteldheden	gemoedsgesteldheid:n
rederijkers	rederijker:n
rederijkertje	rederijker:n
werkstellige	werkstellig:a
babsen	babs:n
babsje	babs:n
kuisheidsgordels	kuisheidsgordel:n
kuisheidsgordeltje	kuisheidsgordel:n
langoesten	langoest:n
langoestje	langoest:n
bezold	bezolden:v
bezoldde	bezolden:v
bezoldt	bezolden:v
bezoldden	bezolden:v
bezoldend	bezolden:v
zwijk	zwijken:v
zweek	zwijken:v
zwijkt	zwijken:v
zweken	zwijken:v
zwijkend	zwijken:v
gezweken	zwijken:v
zwijm	zwijmen:v
zwijmde	zwijmen:v
zwijmt	zwijmen:v
zwijmden	zwijmen:v
zwijmend	zwijmen:v
gezwijmd	zwijmen:v
bijkom	bijkomen:v
bijkwam	bijkomen:v
bijkomt	bijkomen:v
bijkwamen	bijkomen:v
bijkomend	bijkomen:v
bijgekomen	bijkomen:v
spijkerschriften	spijkerschrift:n
spijkerschriftje	spijkerschrift:n
wigschriften	wigschrift:n
wigschriftje	wigschrift:n
verderf	verderven:v
verdierf	verderven:v
verderft	verderven:v
verdierven	verderven:v
verdervend	verderven:v
verdorven	verderven:v
nooddruftiger	nooddruftig:a
nooddruftigst	nooddruftig:a
nooddruftige	nooddruftig:a
nooddruftigere	nooddruftig:a
nooddruftigste	nooddruftig:a
gondelliederen	gondellied:n
gondelliedje	gondellied:n
cameeën	camee:n
cameetje	camee:n
gediskwalificeerd	diskwalificeren:v
kanaliseer	kanaliseren:v
kanaliseerde	kanaliseren:v
kanaliseert	kanaliseren:v
kanaliseerden	kanaliseren:v
kanaliserend	kanaliseren:v
gekanaliseerd	kanaliseren:v
crèmewitte	crèmewit:a
papscholen	papschool:n
papschooltje	papschool:n
vijandinnen	vijandin:n
vijandinnetje	vijandin:n
tarantismes	tarantisme:n
danswoedes	danswoede:n
danswoedetje	danswoede:n
perforaties	perforatie:n
perforatietje	perforatie:n
uitgewogener	uitgewogen:a
uitgewogenst	uitgewogen:a
gebalanceerder	gebalanceerd:a
gebalanceerdst	gebalanceerd:a
aanbevelenswaardiger	aanbevelenswaardig:a
aanbevelenswaardigst	aanbevelenswaardig:a
badmeesters	badmeester:n
badmeestertje	badmeester:n
rammelaars	rammelaar:n
rammelaartje	rammelaar:n
uncialen	unciaal:n
unciaaltje	unciaal:n
spleetogen	spleetoog:n
spleetoogje	spleetoog:n
uriliften	urilift:n
uriliftje	urilift:n
zedelozer	zedeloos:a
zedeloost	zedeloos:a
zedeloze	zedeloos:a
zedelozere	zedeloos:a
zedelooste	zedeloos:a
jegeners	jegener:n
jegenertje	jegener:n
krijgshamers	krijgshamer:n
krijgshamertje	krijgshamer:n
strijdhamers	strijdhamer:n
strijdhamertje	strijdhamer:n
bon-vivants	bon-vivant:n
bon-vivantje	bon-vivant:n
aanrechtsubsidies	aanrechtsubsidie:n
rupsvoertuigen	rupsvoertuig:n
rupsvoertuigje	rupsvoertuig:n
rupsbanden	rupsband:n
rupsbandje	rupsband:n
foortje	foor:n
huisfeesten	huisfeest:n
huisfeestje	huisfeest:n
jaarmarkten	jaarmarkt:n
jaarmarktje	jaarmarkt:n
paddo's	paddo:n
paddootje	paddo:n
dikhuidiger	dikhuidig:a
dikhuidigst	dikhuidig:a
dikhuidige	dikhuidig:a
dikhuidigere	dikhuidig:a
dikhuidigste	dikhuidig:a
tweebenige	tweebenig:a
gerro's	gerro:n
gerrotje	gerro:n
gregoriaanser	gregoriaans:a
gregoriaanst	gregoriaans:a
gregoriaanse	gregoriaans:a
gregoriaansere	gregoriaans:a
gregoriaanste	gregoriaans:a
ondermaanser	ondermaans:a
ondermaanst	ondermaans:a
smok	smokken:v
smokte	smokken:v
smokt	smokken:v
smokten	smokken:v
smokkend	smokken:v
gesmokt	smokken:v
fitheden	fitheid:n
kikkererwten	kikkererwt:n
kikkererwtje	kikkererwt:n
kerngezinnen	kerngezin:n
kerngezinnetje	kerngezin:n
voetvegen	voetveeg:n
voetveegje	voetveeg:n
veenmollen	veenmol:n
veenmolletje	veenmol:n
huzarenstukken	huzarenstuk:n
huzarenstukje	huzarenstuk:n
lijkschouwingen	lijkschouwing:n
dissecties	dissectie:n
dissectietje	dissectie:n
dijkschouwen	dijkschouw:n
dijkschouwtje	dijkschouw:n
eerstgeborenen	eerstgeborene:n
eerstelingen	eersteling:n
eerstelingetje	eersteling:n
onderschat	onderschatten:v
onderschatte	onderschatten:v
onderschattend	onderschatten:v
onderschattingen	onderschatting:n
overschattingen	overschatting:n
overschat	overschatten:v
overschatte	overschatten:v
overschattend	overschatten:v
daas	dazen:v
daasde	dazen:v
daast	dazen:v|daas:a
daasden	dazen:v
dazend	dazen:v
gedaasd	dazen:v
dazen	daas:n
dazer	daas:a
daze	daas:a
dazere	daas:a
daaste	daas:a
daasje	daas:n
koeienvlaaien	koeienvlaai:n
koeienvlaaitje	koeienvlaai:n
etenstijden	etenstijd:n
etenstijdje	etenstijd:n
nukkiger	nukkig:a
nukkigst	nukkig:a
nukkige	nukkig:a
nukkigere	nukkig:a
nukkigste	nukkig:a
klapsigaren	klapsigaar:n
klapsigaartje	klapsigaar:n
motormuizen	motormuis:n
motormuisje	motormuis:n
dwergpinguïns	dwergpinguïn:n
dwergpinguïntje	dwergpinguïn:n
dwergpinguïnnetje	dwergpinguïn:n
flapdrollen	flapdrol:n
flapdrolletje	flapdrol:n
neurochirurgen	neurochirurg:n
neurochirurgje	neurochirurg:n
neanderthalers	neanderthaler:n
meetsystemen	meetsysteem:n
meetsysteempje	meetsysteem:n
maandnamen	maandnaam:n
maandnaampje	maandnaam:n
droomoorden	droomoord:n
gloeiwijnen	gloeiwijn:n
gloeiwijntje	gloeiwijn:n
Fokkers	Fokker:n
mee-eet	mee-eten:v
meeat	mee-eten:v
meeaten	mee-eten:v
mee-etend	mee-eten:v
meegegeten	mee-eten:v
ontoerekenbare	ontoerekenbaar:a
toerekenbare	toerekenbaar:a
toereken	toerekenen:v
toerekende	toerekenen:v
toerekent	toerekenen:v
toerekenden	toerekenen:v
toerekenend	toerekenen:v
toegerekend	toerekenen:v
meereken	meerekenen:v
meerekende	meerekenen:v
meerekent	meerekenen:v
meerekenden	meerekenen:v
meerekenend	meerekenen:v
meegerekend	meerekenen:v
doesde	doezen:v
doesden	doezen:v
doezend	doezen:v
gedoesd	doezen:v
doezen	douchen:v
domp	dompen:v
dompte	dompen:v
dompt	dompen:v
dompten	dompen:v
dompend	dompen:v
gedompt	dompen:v
krenk	krenken:v
krenkte	krenken:v
krenkt	krenken:v
krenkten	krenken:v
krenkend	krenken:v
gekrenkt	krenken:v
zwanenzangen	zwanenzang:n
zwanenzangetje	zwanenzang:n
zedendelicten	zedendelict:n
zedendelictje	zedendelict:n
koggen	kogge:n
koggetje	kogge:n
taniger	tanig:a
tanigst	tanig:a
tanige	tanig:a
tanigere	tanig:a
tanigste	tanig:a
taan	tanen:v
taande	tanen:v
taant	tanen:v
taanden	tanen:v
tanend	tanen:v
getaand	tanen:v
pennenstrijden	pennenstrijd:n
pennenstrijdje	pennenstrijd:n
verspek	verspekken:v
verspekte	verspekken:v
verspekt	verspekken:v
verspekten	verspekken:v
verspekkend	verspekken:v
vlugschriften	vlugschrift:n
vlugschriftje	vlugschrift:n
rammei	rammeien:v
rammeide	rammeien:v
rammeit	rammeien:v
rammeiden	rammeien:v
rammeiend	rammeien:v
gerammeid	rammeien:v
doekoens	doekoen:n
doekoentje	doekoen:n
verruw	verruwen:v
verruwde	verruwen:v
verruwt	verruwen:v
verruwden	verruwen:v
verruwend	verruwen:v
verruwd	verruwen:v
aanzeg	aanzeggen:v
aanzei	aanzeggen:v
aanzegde	aanzeggen:v
aanzegt	aanzeggen:v
aanzeiden	aanzeggen:v
aanzegden	aanzeggen:v
aanzeggend	aanzeggen:v
aangezegd	aanzeggen:v
televisiemakers	televisiemaker:n
televisiemakertje	televisiemaker:n
paggaatje	pagga:n
iconenschilders	iconenschilder:n
iemker	imker:n
eikel	eikelen:v
eikelde	eikelen:v
eikelt	eikelen:v
eikelden	eikelen:v
eikelend	eikelen:v
geëikeld	eikelen:v
inwijkelingen	inwijkeling:n
inwijkelinkje	inwijkeling:n
uithammen	uitham:n
uithammetje	uitham:n
inhammen	inham:n
inhammetje	inham:n
Talossaanser	Talossaans:a
Talossaanst	Talossaans:a
Talossaanse	Talossaans:a
Talossaansere	Talossaans:a
Talossaanste	Talossaans:a
boodschappers	boodschapper:n
boodschappertje	boodschapper:n
metoniemen	metoniem:n
metoniempje	metoniem:n
duis	duizen:v
duisde	duizen:v
duist	duizen:v
duisden	duizen:v
duizend	duizen:v
geduisd	duizen:v
duizen	duizend:u
houwers	houwer:n
houwertje	houwer:n
leestte	leesten:v
leestten	leesten:v
leestend	leesten:v
geleest	leesten:v
sling	slingen:v
slong	slingen:v
slingt	slingen:v
slongen	slingen:v
slingend	slingen:v
geslongen	slingen:v
democraturen	democratuur:n
kibbelkabinetten	kibbelkabinet:n
kibbelkabinetje	kibbelkabinet:n
zinder	zinderen:v
zinderde	zinderen:v
zindert	zinderen:v
zinderden	zinderen:v
zinderend	zinderen:v
gezinderd	zinderen:v
nasmaken	nasmaak:n
nasmaakje	nasmaak:n
hachten	hacht:n
hachtje	hacht:n
grindewallen	grindewal:n
grindewalletje	grindewal:n
afwend	afwenden:v
afwendde	afwenden:v
afwendt	afwenden:v
afwendden	afwenden:v
afwendend	afwenden:v
afgewend	afwenden:v|afwennen:v
conjecturen	conjectuur:n
conjectuurtje	conjectuur:n
afdeeling	afdeling:n
besteven	bestevenen:v
bestevende	bestevenen:v
bestevent	bestevenen:v
bestevenden	bestevenen:v
bestevenend	bestevenen:v
bestevend	bestevenen:v
verwaander	verwaand:a
verwaandst	verwaand:a
muzen	muze:n
muzetje	muze:n
opscheplepels	opscheplepel:n
opscheplepeltje	opscheplepel:n
winderiger	winderig:a
winderigst	winderig:a
winderige	winderig:a
winderigere	winderig:a
winderigste	winderig:a
richels	richel:n
richeltje	richel:n
beur	beuren:v
beurde	beuren:v
beurt	beuren:v
beurden	beuren:v
beurend	beuren:v
Meden	Meed:n
zeeschuimers	zeeschuimer:n
zeeschuimertje	zeeschuimer:n
opblaasboten	opblaasboot:n
opblaasbootje	opblaasboot:n
onderbuikgevoelens	onderbuikgevoel:n
onderbuikgevoelen	onderbuikgevoel:n
zwalk	zwalken:v
zwalkte	zwalken:v
zwalkt	zwalken:v
zwalkten	zwalken:v
zwalkend	zwalken:v
gezwalkt	zwalken:v
jofeler	jofel:a
jofelst	jofel:a
jofele	jofel:a
jofelere	jofel:a
jofelste	jofel:a
raus	rauzen:v
rausde	rauzen:v
raust	rauzen:v
rausden	rauzen:v
rauzend	rauzen:v
gerausd	rauzen:v
zwijntjesjagers	zwijntjesjager:n
zwijntjesjagertje	zwijntjesjager:n
taliger	talig:a
taligst	talig:a
talige	talig:a
taligere	talig:a
taligste	talig:a
porties	portie:n
portietje	portie:n
waterverven	waterverf:n
waterverfje	waterverf:n
waterpeilen	waterpeil:n
waterpijpen	waterpijp:n
waterpijpje	waterpijp:n
radiomakers	radiomaker:n
radiomakertje	radiomaker:n
verneukeratiever	verneukeratief:a
verneukeratiefst	verneukeratief:a
verneukeratieve	verneukeratief:a
verneukeratievere	verneukeratief:a
verneukeratiefste	verneukeratief:a
spinnendoders	spinnendoder:n
spinnendodertje	spinnendoder:n
hangbuikzwijnen	hangbuikzwijn:n
hangbuikzwijntje	hangbuikzwijn:n
schuim	schuimen:v
schuimde	schuimen:v
schuimt	schuimen:v
schuimden	schuimen:v
schuimend	schuimen:v
geschuimd	schuimen:v
afschuim	afschuimen:v
afschuimde	afschuimen:v
afschuimt	afschuimen:v
afschuimden	afschuimen:v
afschuimend	afschuimen:v
afgeschuimd	afschuimen:v
smeerlappen	smeerlap:n
smeerlapje	smeerlap:n
baklappen	baklap:n
baklapje	baklap:n
oprui	opruien:v
opruide	opruien:v
opruit	opruien:v
opruiden	opruien:v
opruiend	opruien:v
opgeruid	opruien:v
verstandskiezen	verstandskies:n
verstandskiesje	verstandskies:n
aloë's	aloë:n
aloëtje	aloë:n
aanbesteed	aanbesteden:v
aanbesteedde	aanbesteden:v
aanbesteedt	aanbesteden:v
aanbesteedden	aanbesteden:v
aanbestedend	aanbesteden:v
aanbetref	aanbetreffen:v
aanbetrefte	aanbetreffen:v
aanbetreft	aanbetreffen:v
aanbetreften	aanbetreffen:v
aanbetreffend	aanbetreffen:v
aanvaar	aanvaren:v
aanvaart	aanvaren:v
aanvarend	aanvaren:v
aangevaren	aanvaren:v
beschermfeesten	beschermfeest:n
geestrijker	geestrijk:a
geestrijkst	geestrijk:a
wapenstanden	wapenstand:n
wapenstandje	wapenstand:n
containerbegrippen	containerbegrip:n
containerbegripje	containerbegrip:n
verzamelbegrippen	verzamelbegrip:n
verzamelbegripje	verzamelbegrip:n
methodologische	methodologisch:n
dodecaëdertje	dodecaëder:n
bepotel	bepotelen:v
bepotelde	bepotelen:v
bepotelt	bepotelen:v
bepotelden	bepotelen:v
bepotelend	bepotelen:v
bepoteld	bepotelen:v
thaumaturgen	thaumaturg:n
milieugekkies	milieugekkie:n
doenlijker	doenlijk:a
doenlijkst	doenlijk:a
doenlijke	doenlijk:a
doenlijkere	doenlijk:a
doenlijkste	doenlijk:a
pronkers	pronker:n
pronkertje	pronker:n
randaarden	randaarde:n
randaardetje	randaarde:n
penaarden	penaarde:n
poedelprijzen	poedelprijs:n
poedelprijsje	poedelprijs:n
troostprijzen	troostprijs:n
troostprijsje	troostprijs:n
sjoels	sjoel:n
sjoeltje	sjoel:n
sjoel	sjoelen:v
baliekluivers	baliekluiver:n
baliekluivertje	baliekluiver:n
krachttoeren	krachttoer:n
krachttoertje	krachttoer:n
pingel	pingelen:v
pingelde	pingelen:v
pingelt	pingelen:v
pingelden	pingelen:v
pingelend	pingelen:v
gepingeld	pingelen:v
hespannen	hespan:n
hespanen	hespan:n
eedgespannen	eedgespan:n
soebat	soebatten:v
soebatte	soebatten:v
soebattend	soebatten:v
gesoebat	soebatten:v
mombakkessen	mombakkes:n
mombakkesje	mombakkes:n
sjacher	sjacheren:v
sjacherde	sjacheren:v
sjachert	sjacheren:v
sjacherden	sjacheren:v
sjacherend	sjacheren:v
gesjacherd	sjacheren:v
ziekenauto's	ziekenauto:n
ziekenautootje	ziekenauto:n
snikkels	snikkel:n
snikkeltje	snikkel:n
bemaal	bemalen:v
bemaalde	bemalen:v
bemaalt	bemalen:v
bemaalden	bemalen:v
bemalend	bemalen:v
bemaald	bemalen:v
sjeiks	sjeik:n
sjeikje	sjeik:n
improvisaties	improvisatie:n
improvisatietje	improvisatie:n
parapluplanten	parapluplant:n
parapluplantje	parapluplant:n
deuropeningen	deuropening:n
deuropeningetje	deuropening:n
deurbellen	deurbel:n
deurbelletje	deurbel:n
wijnflessen	wijnfles:n
wijnflesje	wijnfles:n
wijnboeren	wijnboer:n
wijnboertje	wijnboer:n
Engelstalige	Engelstalig:a
wijnglazzen	wijnglas:n
wijnglaasje	wijnglas:n
bierflessen	bierfles:n
bierflesje	bierfles:n
misselijker	misselijk:a
misselijkst	misselijk:a
misselijke	misselijk:a
misselijkere	misselijk:a
misselijkste	misselijk:a
hobbeliger	hobbelig:a
hobbeligst	hobbelig:a
hobbelige	hobbelig:a
hobbeligere	hobbelig:a
hobbeligste	hobbelig:a
pooierbakken	pooierbak:n
pooierbakje	pooierbak:n
ragbakken	ragbak:n
ragbakje	ragbak:n
hobbels	hobbel:n
hobbeltje	hobbel:n
hobbel	hobbelen:v
kaarsvlammen	kaarsvlam:n
kaarsvlammetje	kaarsvlam:n
kaarsenmakers	kaarsenmaker:n
kaarsenmakertje	kaarsenmaker:n
kaarsenfabrieken	kaarsenfabriek:n
kaarsenfabriekje	kaarsenfabriek:n
kaarsenstandaarden	kaarsenstandaard:n
kaarsenstandaardje	kaarsenstandaard:n
dakgoten	dakgoot:n
dakgootje	dakgoot:n
dakramen	dakraam:n
dakraampje	dakraam:n
daktuinen	daktuin:n
daktuintje	daktuin:n
dakkapellen	dakkapel:n
dakkapelletje	dakkapel:n
dakdekkers	dakdekker:n
dakdekkertje	dakdekker:n
dakwerkers	dakwerker:n
dakwerkertje	dakwerker:n
dakconcerten	dakconcert:n
dakconcertje	dakconcert:n
daklekkages	daklekkage:n
afdaken	afdak:n
afdakken	afdak:n
afdakje	afdak:n
grasdaken	grasdak:n
grasdakje	grasdak:n
strodakken	strodak:n
strodakje	strodak:n
tentdaken	tentdak:n
tentdakje	tentdak:n
paviljoendaken	paviljoendak:n
paviljoendakje	paviljoendak:n
piramidedaken	piramidedak:n
piramidedakje	piramidedak:n
zadeldaken	zadeldak:n
zadeldakje	zadeldak:n
bladerdaken	bladerdak:n
bladerdakje	bladerdak:n
koepeldaken	koepeldak:n
koepeldakje	koepeldak:n
pannendaken	pannendak:n
pannendakje	pannendak:n
schaliedaken	schaliedak:n
schaliedakje	schaliedak:n
schedeldaken	schedeldak:n
schedeldakje	schedeldak:n
zaagtanddaken	zaagtanddak:n
zaagtanddakje	zaagtanddak:n
zaagdaken	zaagdak:n
zaagdakje	zaagdak:n
sheddaken	sheddak:n
sheddakje	sheddak:n
lessenaarsdaken	lessenaarsdak:n
lessenaarsdakje	lessenaarsdak:n
koplampen	koplamp:n
koplampje	koplamp:n
ledlampen	ledlamp:n
ledlampje	ledlamp:n
remlampen	remlamp:n
remlampje	remlamp:n
autolampen	autolamp:n
autolampje	autolamp:n
bermlampen	bermlamp:n
bermlampje	bermlamp:n
bouwlampen	bouwlamp:n
bouwlampje	bouwlamp:n
buislampen	buislamp:n
buislampje	buislamp:n
fotolampen	fotolamp:n
fotolampje	fotolamp:n
boselfen	boself:n
boselven	boself:n
boselfje	boself:n
maçonnieke	maçonniek:a
Grootoostens	Grootoosten:n
ritualen	rituaal:n
rituaaltje	rituaal:n
anti-maçonnieke	anti-maçonniek:a
kattenkruiden	kattenkruid:n
kattenkruidje	kattenkruid:n
marchandeer	marchanderen:v
marchandeerde	marchanderen:v
marchandeert	marchanderen:v
marchandeerden	marchanderen:v
marchanderend	marchanderen:v
gemarchandeerd	marchanderen:v
volksmennerijen	volksmennerij:n
volksmennerijtje	volksmennerij:n
veelwijverijen	veelwijverij:n
broedermoorden	broedermoord:n
broedermoordje	broedermoord:n
maldoenerijen	maldoenerij:n
maldoenerijtje	maldoenerij:n
engelenbakken	engelenbak:n
engelenbakje	engelenbak:n
kehille	kille:n
pluimstrijkend	pluimstrijken:v
pluimstrijkende	pluimstrijkend:a
pluimstrijk	pluimstrijken:v
pluimstrijkte	pluimstrijken:v
pluimstrijkt	pluimstrijken:v
pluimstrijkten	pluimstrijken:v
gepluimstrijkt	pluimstrijken:v
pluimstrijkers	pluimstrijker:n
pluimstrijkertje	pluimstrijker:n
vraagals	vraagal:n
vraagallen	vraagal:n
vraagalletje	vraagal:n
frituurvetten	frituurvet:n
frituurvetje	frituurvet:n
spiegelgladde	spiegelglad:a
tankauto's	tankauto:n
tankautootje	tankauto:n
tankwagens	tankwagen:n
tankwagentje	tankwagen:n
horecabedrijven	horecabedrijf:n
horecabedrijfje	horecabedrijf:n
spekgladde	spekglad:a
bestelbussen	bestelbus:n
bestelbusje	bestelbus:n
afsluiters	afsluiter:n
afsluitertje	afsluiter:n
neusberen	neusbeer:n
neusbeertje	neusbeer:n
zonsmassa	zonnemassa:n
versnijdenissen	versnijdenis:n
zonneregens	zonneregen:n
zonneregentje	zonneregen:n
hansworsten	hansworst:n
hansworstje	hansworst:n
ouwehoer	ouwehoeren:v
ouwehoerde	ouwehoeren:v
ouwehoert	ouwehoeren:v
ouwehoerden	ouwehoeren:v
ouwehoerend	ouwehoeren:v
geouwehoerd	ouwehoeren:v
praatbarakken	praatbarak:n
praatbarakje	praatbarak:n
bushokken	bushok:n
babyfoons	babyfoon:n
babyfoontje	babyfoon:n
japen	jaap:n
jaapje	jaap:n
bovenkruiers	bovenkruier:n
bovenkruiertje	bovenkruier:n
wipmolens	wipmolen:n
wipmolentje	wipmolen:n
troefkaarten	troefkaart:n
troefkaartje	troefkaart:n
snoeshanen	snoeshaan:n
snoeshaantje	snoeshaan:n
schrapers	schraper:n
schrapertje	schraper:n
oudgasten	oudgast:n
oudgastje	oudgast:n
orang-baren	orang-baar:n
plattekazen	plattekaas:n
plattekaasje	plattekaas:n
blauwschimmelkazen	blauwschimmelkaas:n
blauwschimmelkaasje	blauwschimmelkaas:n
schimmelkazen	schimmelkaas:n
schimmelkaasje	schimmelkaas:n
stemmingmakerijen	stemmingmakerij:n
stemmingmakerijtje	stemmingmakerij:n
rumbonen	rumboon:n
rumboontje	rumboon:n
visrijker	visrijk:a
visrijkst	visrijk:a
visrijke	visrijk:a
visrijkere	visrijk:a
visrijkste	visrijk:a
vissenrijken	vissenrijk:n
vissenrijkje	vissenrijk:n
vosch	vos:n
sjekels	sjekel:n
sjekeltje	sjekel:n
trendmatiger	trendmatig:a
trendmatige	trendmatig:a
trendmatigere	trendmatig:a
herkapitaliseer	herkapitaliseren:v
herkapitaliseerde	herkapitaliseren:v
herkapitaliseert	herkapitaliseren:v
herkapitaliseerden	herkapitaliseren:v
herkapitaliserend	herkapitaliseren:v
geherkapitaliseerd	herkapitaliseren:v
ambachtelijker	ambachtelijk:a
ambachtelijkst	ambachtelijk:a
ambachtelijke	ambachtelijk:a
ambachtelijkere	ambachtelijk:a
ambachtelijkste	ambachtelijk:a
levensvatbare	levensvatbaar:a
vatbaarder	vatbaar:a
vatbaarst	vatbaar:a
vatbare	vatbaar:a
vatbaardere	vatbaar:a
vatbaarste	vatbaar:a
regenpijpen	regenpijp:n
regenpijpje	regenpijp:n
hekeldichten	hekeldicht:n
hekeldichtje	hekeldicht:n
pagadders	pagadder:n
pagadderken	pagadder:n
pagaddertje	pagadder:n
chromatiden	chromatide:n
chromatides	chromatide:n
boejemers	boejemer:n
boejemerke	boejemer:n
turnkringen	turnkring:n
turnkringeske	turnkring:n
digibeten	digibeet:n
digibeetje	digibeet:n
digibeete	digibeet:a
cadeaudochters	cadeaudochter:n
cadeaudochtertje	cadeaudochter:n
koebeesten	koebeest:n
koebeestje	koebeest:n
rakoens	rakoen:n
rakoenen	rakoen:n
rakoentje	rakoen:n
koukleumen	koukleum:n
koukleumpje	koukleum:n
periosten	periost:n
zuilengalerijen	zuilengalerij:n
zuilengalerijtje	zuilengalerij:n
wagenparken	wagenpark:n
wagenparkje	wagenpark:n
overtomen	overtoom:n
overtoompje	overtoom:n
wiegendrukken	wiegendruk:n
wiegendrukje	wiegendruk:n
incunabelen	incunabel:n
incunabels	incunabel:n
incunabeltje	incunabel:n
vrijdenkers	vrijdenker:n
vrijdenkertje	vrijdenker:n
verhevig	verhevigen:v
verhevigde	verhevigen:v
verhevigt	verhevigen:v
verhevigden	verhevigen:v
verhevigend	verhevigen:v
verhevigd	verhevigen:v
hiernumaalsen	hiernumaals:n
hiernumaalsje	hiernumaals:n
hiernamaalsen	hiernamaals:n
hiernamaalsje	hiernamaals:n
hiernamaalse	hiernamaals:a
schalken	schalk:n
schalkje	schalk:n
schalker	schalk:a
schalkst	schalk:a|schalks:a
schalke	schalk:a
schalkere	schalk:a
schalkste	schalk:a|schalks:a
schalkser	schalks:a
schalkse	schalks:a
schalksere	schalks:a
Boekestijntjes	Boekestijntje:n
jeremiades	jeremiade:n
jeremiaden	jeremiade:n
jeremiadetje	jeremiade:n
myela	myelum:n
myelummetje	myelum:n
complotdenkers	complotdenker:n
complotdenkertje	complotdenker:n
soefi's	soefi:n
soera's	soera:n
soeraatje	soera:n
djihaads	djihaad:n
djihaadje	djihaad:n
oemma's	oemma:n
kaliefen	kalief:n
kaliefs	kalief:n
kaliefje	kalief:n
bontkragen	bontkraag:n
bontkraagje	bontkraag:n
bontkraagjes	bontkraagje:n
corpsballen	corpsbal:n
corpsballetje	corpsbal:n
studentencorpora	studentencorps:n
studentencorpsen	studentencorps:n
studentencorpsje	studentencorps:n
karoot	kroot:n
karoten	karoot:n
kroten	kroot:n
krootje	kroot:n
prakkiseer	prakkiseren:v
prakkiseerde	prakkiseren:v
prakkiseert	prakkiseren:v
prakkiseerden	prakkiseren:v
prakkiserend	prakkiseren:v
geprakkiseerd	prakkiseren:v
prakkeseren	prakkiseren:v
prakkezeren	prakkiseren:v
prakkizeren	prakkiseren:v
praktiseer	praktiseren:v
praktiseerde	praktiseren:v
praktiseert	praktiseren:v
praktiseerden	praktiseren:v
praktiserend	praktiseren:v
gepraktiseerd	praktiseren:v
verstevig	verstevigen:v
verstevigde	verstevigen:v
verstevigt	verstevigen:v
verstevigden	verstevigen:v
verstevigend	verstevigen:v
verstevigd	verstevigen:v
Warholiaanse	Warholiaans:a
schrijftafels	schrijftafel:n
schrijftafeltje	schrijftafel:n
bloedbeelden	bloedbeeld:n
biomen	bioom:n
godzaligheden	godzaligheid:n
zoönoses	zoönose:n
lankmoediger	lankmoedig:a
lankmoedigst	lankmoedig:a
lankmoedige	lankmoedig:a
lankmoedigere	lankmoedig:a
lankmoedigste	lankmoedig:a
weerjaguars	weerjaguar:n
weerjaguartje	weerjaguar:n
jeugdwerkingen	jeugdwerking:n
jeugdwerkingske	jeugdwerking:n
ijveriger	ijverig:a
ijverigst	ijverig:a
ijverige	ijverig:a
ijverigere	ijverig:a
ijverigste	ijverig:a
naarstiger	naarstig:a
naarstigst	naarstig:a
naarstige	naarstig:a
naarstigere	naarstig:a
naarstigste	naarstig:a
naarlingen	naarling:n
geslachtsdaden	geslachtsdaad:n
onverlaten	onverlaat:n
onverlaatje	onverlaat:n
waterkeuren	waterkeur:n
waterkeurtje	waterkeur:n
uitruilen	uitruil:n
uitruiltje	uitruil:n
staatszenders	staatszender:n
staatszendertje	staatszender:n
zeezoogdieren	zeezoogdier:n
zeezoogdiertje	zeezoogdier:n
kosten-batenanalysen	kosten-batenanalyse:n
kosten-batenanalyses	kosten-batenanalyse:n
kosten-batenanalysetje	kosten-batenanalyse:n
partijlijnen	partijlijn:n
partijlijntje	partijlijn:n
partijdieren	partijdier:n
libertarischer	libertarisch:a
matennaaiers	matennaaier:n
matennaaiertje	matennaaier:n
mierenneukerijen	mierenneukerij:n
mierenneukerijtje	mierenneukerij:n
Krim-Gotisch	Krimgotisch:m
aanvink	aanvinken:v
aanvinkte	aanvinken:v
aanvinkt	aanvinken:v
aanvinkten	aanvinken:v
aanvinkend	aanvinken:v
aangevinkt	aanvinken:v
hovaardijen	hovaardij:n
hovaarden	hovaard:n
ozongaten	ozongat:n
arroganties	arrogantie:n
nieuwtestamentici	nieuwtestamenticus:n
oudtestamentici	oudtestamenticus:n
zeearenden	zeearend:n
zeearendje	zeearend:n
dagjesmensen	dagjesmens:n
galerijflats	galerijflat:n
galerijflatje	galerijflat:n
reisverhalen	reisverhaal:n
reisverhaaltje	reisverhaal:n
beschenk	beschenken:v
beschonk	beschenken:v
beschenkt	beschenken:v
beschonken	beschenken:v
beschenkend	beschenken:v
kolderstokken	kolderstok:n
kolderstokje	kolderstok:n
voetstukken	voetstuk:n
voetstukje	voetstuk:n
vetarme	vetarm:a
militaristischer	militaristisch:a
militaristischt	militaristisch:a
militaristische	militaristisch:a
militaristischere	militaristisch:a
militaristischte	militaristisch:a
huisjesmelkers	huisjesmelker:n
huisjesmelkertje	huisjesmelker:n
verders	verder:d
staartploegen	staartploeg:n
staartploegje	staartploeg:n
stoomtreinen	stoomtrein:n
stoomtreintje	stoomtrein:n
stroomtreinen	stroomtrein:n
stroomtreintje	stroomtrein:n
dieseltreinen	dieseltrein:n
dieseltreintje	dieseltrein:n
diesellocomotieven	diesellocomotief:n
diesellocomotiefje	diesellocomotief:n
stouteriken	stouterik:n
stouterikje	stouterik:n
dakhazen	dakhaas:n
dakhaasje	dakhaas:n
gemeneriken	gemenerik:n
gemenerikje	gemenerik:n
slechteriken	slechterik:n
slechterikje	slechterik:n
epiloogje	epiloog:n
omstandigheidszinnen	omstandigheidszin:n
moeskop	moeskoppen:v
moeskopte	moeskoppen:v
moeskopt	moeskoppen:v
moeskopten	moeskoppen:v
moeskoppend	moeskoppen:v
gemoeskopt	moeskoppen:v
muskuskatten	muskuskat:n
muskuskatje	muskuskat:n
tentamineer	tentamineren:v
tentamineerde	tentamineren:v
tentamineert	tentamineren:v
tentamineerden	tentamineren:v
tentaminerend	tentamineren:v
getentamineerd	tentamineren:v
examineer	examineren:v
examineerde	examineren:v
examineert	examineren:v
examineerden	examineren:v
examinerend	examineren:v
geëxamineerd	examineren:v
contraheer	contraheren:v
contraheerde	contraheren:v
contraheert	contraheren:v
contraheerden	contraheren:v
contraherend	contraheren:v
gecontraheerd	contraheren:v
themavocalen	themavocaal:n
vocalen	vocaal:n
vocaaltje	vocaal:n
aoristussen	aoristus:n
aoristusje	aoristus:n
grondoorzaken	grondoorzaak:n
grondoorzaakje	grondoorzaak:n
hongerhormonen	hongerhormoon:n
hongerhormoontje	hongerhormoon:n
buidels	buidel:n
buideltje	buidel:n
drollenvangers	drollenvanger:n
drollenvangertje	drollenvanger:n
sjouchets	sjouchet:n
sjofars	sjofar:n
goeroes	goeroe:n
goeroetje	goeroe:n
eilandengroepen	eilandengroep:n
eilandengroepje	eilandengroep:n
anachoreten	anachoreet:n
anachoreetje	anachoreet:n
heremieten	heremiet:n
heremietje	heremiet:n
almemors	almemor:n
minzieker	minziek:a
minziekst	minziek:a
minzieke	minziek:a
minziekere	minziek:a
minziekste	minziek:a
twistzieker	twistziek:a
twistziekst	twistziek:a
twistzieke	twistziek:a
twistziekere	twistziek:a
twistziekste	twistziek:a
dweepzieker	dweepziek:a
dweepziekst	dweepziek:a
dweepzieke	dweepziek:a
dweepziekere	dweepziek:a
dweepziekste	dweepziek:a
praatzieker	praatziek:a
praatziekst	praatziek:a
praatzieke	praatziek:a
praatziekere	praatziek:a
praatziekste	praatziek:a
spilzieker	spilziek:a
spilziekst	spilziek:a
spilzieke	spilziek:a
spilziekere	spilziek:a
spilziekste	spilziek:a
kibbelzieker	kibbelziek:a
kibbelziekst	kibbelziek:a
kibbelzieke	kibbelziek:a
kibbelziekere	kibbelziek:a
kibbelziekste	kibbelziek:a
vervolgzieker	vervolgziek:a
vervolgziekst	vervolgziek:a
vervolgzieke	vervolgziek:a
vervolgziekere	vervolgziek:a
vervolgziekste	vervolgziek:a
maanzieker	maanziek:a
maanziekst	maanziek:a
maanzieke	maanziek:a
maanziekere	maanziek:a
maanziekste	maanziek:a
schendzieker	schendziek:a
schendziekst	schendziek:a
schendzieke	schendziek:a
schendziekere	schendziek:a
schendziekste	schendziek:a
schenziek	schendziek:a
schennen	schenden:v
danszieker	dansziek:a
dansziekst	dansziek:a
danszieke	dansziek:a
dansziekere	dansziek:a
dansziekste	dansziek:a
praalzieker	praalziek:a
praalziekst	praalziek:a
praalzieke	praalziek:a
praalziekere	praalziek:a
praalziekste	praalziek:a
pronkzieker	pronkziek:a
pronkziekst	pronkziek:a
pronkzieke	pronkziek:a
pronkziekere	pronkziek:a
pronkziekste	pronkziek:a
pronk	pronken:v
pronkte	pronken:v
pronkt	pronken:v
pronkten	pronken:v
pronkend	pronken:v
gepronkt	pronken:v
praal	pralen:v
praalde	pralen:v
praalt	pralen:v
praalden	pralen:v
pralend	pralen:v
gepraald	pralen:v
scheldzieker	scheldziek:a
scheldziekst	scheldziek:a
scheldzieke	scheldziek:a
scheldziekere	scheldziek:a
scheldziekste	scheldziek:a
afsterf	afsterven:v
afstierf	afsterven:v
afsterft	afsterven:v
afstierven	afsterven:v
afstervend	afsterven:v
afgestorven	afsterven:v
wegwerp	wegwerpen:v
wegwierp	wegwerpen:v
wegwerpt	wegwerpen:v
wegwierpen	wegwerpen:v
wegwerpend	wegwerpen:v
weggeworpen	wegwerpen:v
verschaal	verschalen:v
verschaalde	verschalen:v
verschaalt	verschalen:v
verschaalden	verschalen:v
verschalend	verschalen:v
verschaald	verschalen:v
tijg	tijgen:v
teeg	tijgen:v
tijgt	tijgen:v
tegen	tijgen:v
tijgend	tijgen:v
getegen	tijgen:v
toog	tijgen:v
getogen	tijgen:v
goeverneur	gouverneur:n
bunker	bunkeren:v
bunkerde	bunkeren:v
bunkert	bunkeren:v
bunkerden	bunkeren:v
bunkerend	bunkeren:v
gebunkerd	bunkeren:v
bloemkoolwijken	bloemkoolwijk:n
bloemkoolwijkje	bloemkoolwijk:n
verkeersfuiken	verkeersfuik:n
verkeersfuikje	verkeersfuik:n
betalingsmiddelen	betalingsmiddel:n
aaibaars	aaibaar:a
samenzweringstheoretici	samenzweringstheoreticus:n
ezelsbruggen	ezelsbrug:n
coorne	koren:n
kolf	kolven:v
kolfde	kolven:v
kolft	kolven:v
kolfden	kolven:v
kolvend	kolven:v
gekolfd	kolven:v
verword	verworden:v
verwerd	verworden:v
verwordt	verworden:v
verwerden	verworden:v
verwordend	verworden:v
conflagraties	conflagratie:n
conflagratietje	conflagratie:n
knuffelcriminelen	knuffelcrimineel:n
knuffelcrimineeltje	knuffelcrimineel:n
vliegtuigbommen	vliegtuigbom:n
vliegtuigbommetje	vliegtuigbom:n
homofobische	homofobisch:a
potenrammers	potenrammer:n
potenrammertje	potenrammer:n
klimaatcriminelen	klimaatcrimineel:n
klimaatcrimineeltje	klimaatcrimineel:n
klimaatgevoeligheden	klimaatgevoeligheid:n
zeemzoeter	zeemzoet:a
zeemzoetst	zeemzoet:a
zeemzoete	zeemzoet:a
zeemzoetere	zeemzoet:a
zeemzoetste	zeemzoet:a
mierzoeter	mierzoet:a
mierzoetst	mierzoet:a
mierzoete	mierzoet:a
mierzoetere	mierzoet:a
mierzoetste	mierzoet:a
zemen	zeem:n
zeempje	zeem:n
oormerk	oormerken:v
oormerkte	oormerken:v
oormerkt	oormerken:v
oormerkten	oormerken:v
oormerkend	oormerken:v
geoormerkt	oormerken:v
oormerken	oormerk:n
oormerkje	oormerk:n
doodsch	doods:a
doosch	doods:a
lichtinvallen	lichtinval:n
lichtinvalletje	lichtinval:n
onbelangrijker	onbelangrijk:a
onbelangrijkst	onbelangrijk:a
onbelangrijke	onbelangrijk:a
onbelangrijkere	onbelangrijk:a
onbelangrijkste	onbelangrijk:a
ontwaar	ontwaren:v
ontwaarde	ontwaren:v
ontwaart	ontwaren:v
ontwaarden	ontwaren:v
ontwarend	ontwaren:v
ontwaard	ontwaren:v|ontwaarden:v
verhelder	verhelderen:v
verhelderde	verhelderen:v
verheldert	verhelderen:v
verhelderden	verhelderen:v
verhelderend	verhelderen:v
verhelderd	verhelderen:v
onomwondener	onomwonden:a
onomwondenst	onomwonden:a
onomwondene	onomwonden:a
onverhulder	onverhuld:a
onverhuldst	onverhuld:a
onverhulde	onverhuld:a
onverbloemder	onverbloemd:a
onverbloemdst	onverbloemd:a
onverbloemde	onverbloemd:a
redenaars	redenaar:n
redenaartje	redenaar:n
Syrischer	Syrisch:a
Syrischt	Syrisch:a
dansmarieken	dansmarieke:n
dansmariekes	dansmarieke:n
drijfsijzen	drijfsijs:n
drijfsijsje	drijfsijs:n
schnabbel	schnabbelen:v
schnabbelde	schnabbelen:v
schnabbelt	schnabbelen:v
schnabbelden	schnabbelen:v
schnabbelend	schnabbelen:v
geschnabbeld	schnabbelen:v
jatmozen	jatmoos:n
jatmoosje	jatmoos:n
leperds	leperd:n
leperdje	leperd:n
schnabbels	schnabbel:n
schnabbeltje	schnabbel:n
poltergeesten	poltergeest:n
poltergeestje	poltergeest:n
fijnzinniger	fijnzinnig:a
fijnzinnigst	fijnzinnig:a
fijnzinnige	fijnzinnig:a
fijnzinnigere	fijnzinnig:a
fijnzinnigste	fijnzinnig:a
falsetstemmen	falsetstem:n
falsetstemmetje	falsetstem:n
kopstemmen	kopstem:n
kopstemmetje	kopstem:n
friteuses	friteuse:n
friteusen	friteuse:n
bloedsprookjes	bloedsprookje:n
judaspenningen	judaspenning:n
judaspenninkje	judaspenning:n
colofons	colofon:n
colofonnetje	colofon:n
afweeg	afwegen:v
afwoog	afwegen:v
afweegt	afwegen:v
afwogen	afwegen:v
afwegend	afwegen:v
afgewogen	afwegen:v
penselen	penseel:n
penseeltje	penseel:n
dierenriemen	dierenriem:n
wereldwonderen	wereldwonder:n
wereldwondertje	wereldwonder:n
tekstkritieken	tekstkritiek:n
tekstkritische	tekstkritisch:a
paalwerken	paalwerk:n
paalwerkje	paalwerk:n
voorkomsten	voorkomst:n
voorkomstje	voorkomst:n
Waalsen	Waalse:n
schaamstreken	schaamstreek:n
schaamstreekje	schaamstreek:n
schaamdelen	schaamdeel:n
schaamdeeltje	schaamdeel:n
dragonders	dragonder:n
dragondertje	dragonder:n
schaamluizen	schaamluis:n
schaamluisje	schaamluis:n
oerteksten	oertekst:n
oertekstje	oertekst:n
consistories	consistorie:n
consistorieën	consistorie:n
consistoriën	consistorie:n
consistorietje	consistorie:n
prevel	prevelen:v
prevelde	prevelen:v
prevelt	prevelen:v
prevelden	prevelen:v
prevelend	prevelen:v
gepreveld	prevelen:v
godvrucht	godsvrucht:n
hugenoten	hugenoot:n
hugenootje	hugenoot:n
touwwerken	touwwerk:n
touwwerkje	touwwerk:n
smulpapen	smulpaap:n
smulpaapje	smulpaap:n
aktentas	aktetas:n
arreslee	arrenslee:n
schaamspleten	schaamspleet:n
schaamspleetje	schaamspleet:n
blitskikkers	blitskikker:n
blitskikkertje	blitskikker:n
manuren	manuur:n
manuurtje	manuur:n
penopauzen	penopauze:n
penopauzes	penopauze:n
penopauzetje	penopauze:n
menopauzen	menopauze:n
menopauzes	menopauze:n
menopauzetje	menopauze:n
krasloten	kraslot:n
kraslotje	kraslot:n
pligt	plicht:n
langzwaarden	langzwaard:n
langzwaardje	langzwaard:n
slagzwaarden	slagzwaard:n
slagzwaardje	slagzwaard:n
samenspan	samenspannen:v
samenspande	samenspannen:v
samenspant	samenspannen:v
samenspanden	samenspannen:v
samenspannend	samenspannen:v
samengespannen	samenspannen:v
pensioenbreuken	pensioenbreuk:n
pensioenbreukje	pensioenbreuk:n
toonbaarder	toonbaar:a
toonbaarst	toonbaar:a
toonbare	toonbaar:a
toonbaardere	toonbaar:a
toonbaarste	toonbaar:a
stylieten	styliet:n
stylietje	styliet:n
rassenleren	rassenleer:n
rassenleertje	rassenleer:n
boomkikkers	boomkikker:n
boomkikkertje	boomkikker:n
kneedbommen	kneedbom:n
kneedbommetje	kneedbom:n
Osmaanse	Osmaans:a
Attische	Attisch:a
klootdolken	klootdolk:n
klootdolkje	klootdolk:n
navorsers	navorser:n
navorsertje	navorser:n
zwelgpartijen	zwelgpartij:n
zwelgpartijtje	zwelgpartij:n
taalfilosofen	taalfilosoof:n|taalfilosofe:n
bloteriken	bloterik:n
bloterikje	bloterik:n
kromzwaarden	kromzwaard:n
kromzwaardje	kromzwaard:n
dukdalven	dukdalf:n
dukdalfje	dukdalf:n
zegerijker	zegerijk:a
zegerijkst	zegerijk:a
zegerijke	zegerijk:a
zegerijkere	zegerijk:a
zegerijkste	zegerijk:a
driepoten	driepoot:n
driepootje	driepoot:n
sambaballen	sambabal:n
sambaballetje	sambabal:n
theeleuten	theeleut:n
theeleutje	theeleut:n
sorryculturen	sorrycultuur:n
sorrycultuurtje	sorrycultuur:n
veelschrijverijen	veelschrijverij:n
veelschrijverijtje	veelschrijverij:n
kippenkrachten	kippenkracht:n
kippenkrachtje	kippenkracht:n
nuffiger	nuffig:a
nuffigst	nuffig:a
nuffige	nuffig:a
nuffigere	nuffig:a
nuffigste	nuffig:a
grauwtjes	grauwtje:n
kaboutermutsen	kaboutermuts:n
kaboutermutsje	kaboutermuts:n
breeuw	breeuwen:v
breeuwde	breeuwen:v
breeuwt	breeuwen:v
breeuwden	breeuwen:v
breeuwend	breeuwen:v
gebreeuwd	breeuwen:v
thuishavens	thuishaven:n
thuishaventje	thuishaven:n
matineuze	matineus:a
kolenkitten	kolenkit:n
kolenkitje	kolenkit:n
cassettespelers	cassettespeler:n
cassettespelertje	cassettespeler:n
kikkerbaden	kikkerbad:n
kikkerbadje	kikkerbad:n
tekstcorpora	tekstcorpus:n
brillenkokers	brillenkoker:n
brillenkokertje	brillenkoker:n
snollen	snol:n
snolletje	snol:n
connect	connecten:v
connectte	connecten:v
connectten	connecten:v
connectend	connecten:v
geconnect	connecten:v
horrelvoeten	horrelvoet:n
horrelvoetje	horrelvoet:n
klompvoeten	klompvoet:n
klompvoetje	klompvoet:n
gemeenslachtige	gemeenslachtig:a
grauw	grauwen:v
grauwde	grauwen:v
grauwt	grauwen:v
grauwden	grauwen:v
grauwend	grauwen:v
gegrauwd	grauwen:v
herdoop	herdopen:v
herdoopte	herdopen:v
herdoopt	herdopen:v
herdoopten	herdopen:v
herdopend	herdopen:v
omdoop	omdopen:v
omdoopte	omdopen:v
omdoopt	omdopen:v
omdoopten	omdopen:v
omdopend	omdopen:v
omgedoopt	omdopen:v
samenspanningen	samenspanning:n
bovenleidingen	bovenleiding:n
bovenleidinkje	bovenleiding:n
kippenborsten	kippenborst:n
kippenborstje	kippenborst:n
veelschrijvers	veelschrijver:n
veelschrijvertje	veelschrijver:n
echtmijdingen	echtmijding:n
veeartsenijkundige	veeartsenijkundig:a
twaalvers	twaalver:n
plet	pletten:v
plette	pletten:v
plettend	pletten:v
geplet	pletten:v
pletter	pletteren:v
pletterde	pletteren:v
plettert	pletteren:v
pletterden	pletteren:v
pletterend	pletteren:v
gepletterd	pletteren:v
figureer	figureren:v
figureerde	figureren:v
figureert	figureren:v
figureerden	figureren:v
figurerend	figureren:v
gefigureerd	figureren:v
doodskampen	doodskamp:n
berliners	berliner:n
berlinertje	berliner:n
berlinerbollen	berlinerbol:n
berlinerbolletje	berlinerbol:n
flottieljes	flottielje:n
bliksemoorlogen	bliksemoorlog:n
begeester	begeesteren:v
begeesterde	begeesteren:v
begeestert	begeesteren:v
begeesterden	begeesteren:v
begeesterend	begeesteren:v
begeesterd	begeesteren:v
begeestigen	begeesteren:v
bakerpraatje	bakerpraat:n
bakerpraatjes	bakerpraatje:n
Oedipuscomplexen	Oedipuscomplex:n
Oedipuscomplexje	Oedipuscomplex:n
piëtismen	piëtisme:n
piëtismes	piëtisme:n
zionismen	zionisme:n
zionismes	zionisme:n
eenakters	eenakter:n
eenaktertje	eenakter:n
Haratins	Haratin:n
afkansel	afkanselen:v
afkanselde	afkanselen:v
afkanselt	afkanselen:v
afkanselden	afkanselen:v
afkanselend	afkanselen:v
afgekanseld	afkanselen:v
sessies	sessie:n
sessietje	sessie:n
pilaarheiligen	pilaarheilige:n
zoven	zoof:n
zoofje	zoof:n
sjoof	zoof:n
soof	zoof:n
droomhuizen	droomhuis:n
droomhuisje	droomhuis:n
paapje	paap:n
domrechtse	domrechts:a
kunstpenissen	kunstpenis:n
kunstpenisje	kunstpenis:n
parterretrappen	parterretrap:n
parterretrapje	parterretrap:n
lekkerbekken	lekkerbek:n
lekkerbekje	lekkerbek:n
lekkerbekjes	lekkerbekje:n
roestplaatsen	roestplaats:n
Vaticaanse	Vaticaans:a
ophokplichten	ophokplicht:n
ophok	ophokken:v
ophokte	ophokken:v
ophokt	ophokken:v
ophokten	ophokken:v
ophokkend	ophokken:v
opgehokt	ophokken:v
surrogaatkoffies	surrogaatkoffie:n
surrogaatkoffietje	surrogaatkoffie:n
surrogaten	surrogaat:n
surrogaatje	surrogaat:n
ongestelde	ongesteld:a
schilderachtiger	schilderachtig:a
schilderachtigst	schilderachtig:a
schilderachtige	schilderachtig:a
schilderachtigere	schilderachtig:a
schilderachtigste	schilderachtig:a
drijfjachten	drijfjacht:n
drijfjachtje	drijfjacht:n
zeemonsters	zeemonster:n
zeemonstertje	zeemonster:n
kuifeenden	kuifeend:n
kuifeendje	kuifeend:n
plaatwerken	plaatwerk:n
plaatwerkje	plaatwerk:n
draaiboeken	draaiboek:n
draaiboekje	draaiboek:n
zeeslangen	zeeslang:n
zeeslangetje	zeeslang:n
oploskoffies	oploskoffie:n
oploskoffietje	oploskoffie:n
segregaties	segregatie:n
jodenchristendommen	jodenchristendom:n
moorddromen	moorddroom:n
smiechten	smiecht:n
smiechtje	smiecht:n
wiewouter	vijfwouter:n
danseressen	danseres:n
danseresje	danseres:n
neoliberaler	neoliberaal:a
neoliberaalst	neoliberaal:a
neoliberale	neoliberaal:a
neoliberalere	neoliberaal:a
neoliberaalste	neoliberaal:a
neoliberalen	neoliberaal:n
neoliberaaltje	neoliberaal:n
neoliberalismen	neoliberalisme:n
neoliberalismes	neoliberalisme:n
salonsocialismes	salonsocialisme:n
salonsocialistischer	salonsocialistisch:a
salonsocialistischt	salonsocialistisch:a
salonsocialistische	salonsocialistisch:a
salonsocialistischere	salonsocialistisch:a
salonsocialistischte	salonsocialistisch:a
hoornvliesontstekingen	hoornvliesontsteking:n
hoornvliesontstekinkje	hoornvliesontsteking:n
liftboys	liftboy:n
strooken	stroken:v
zwemvesten	zwemvest:n
zwemvestje	zwemvest:n
porte-brisées	porte-brisée:n
portes-brisées	porte-brisée:n
voorpretje	voorpret:n
wonderdokters	wonderdokter:n
wonderdoktertje	wonderdokter:n
rukwinden	rukwind:n
rukwindje	rukwind:n
uilenbrillen	uilenbril:n
uilenbrilletje	uilenbril:n
doorsteek	doorsteken:v
doorstak	doorsteken:v
doorsteekt	doorsteken:v
doorstaken	doorsteken:v
doorstekend	doorsteken:v
doorstoken	doorsteken:v
doorgestoken	doorsteken:v
woekerplanten	woekerplant:n
woekerplantje	woekerplant:n
prutswerken	prutswerk:n
prutswerkje	prutswerk:n
unitarische	unitarisch:a
unitariërs	unitariër:n
unitariërtje	unitariër:n
rozenkransvormige	rozenkransvormig:a
tongenworsten	tongenworst:n
sluipwespen	sluipwesp:n
sluipwespje	sluipwesp:n
wetsverkrachters	wetsverkrachter:n
mandeeën	mandeeër:n
mandeeërs	mandeeër:n
mandeeërtje	mandeeër:n
sjikses	sjikse:n
eurocommunisten	eurocommunist:n
eurocommunistje	eurocommunist:n
Europarlementariërs	Europarlementariër:n
Europarlementariërtje	Europarlementariër:n
ballenknijpers	ballenknijper:n
ballenknijpertje	ballenknijper:n
stroombedden	stroombed:n
stroombedje	stroombed:n
rivierbedden	rivierbed:n
rivierbedje	rivierbed:n
schijnsels	schijnsel:n
schijnseltje	schijnsel:n
verkrachters	verkrachter:n
verkrachtertje	verkrachter:n
slavenaarden	slavenaard:n
slavenaardje	slavenaard:n
slavenzielen	slavenziel:n
slavenzieltje	slavenziel:n
basaler	basaal:a
basaalst	basaal:a
basale	basaal:a
basalere	basaal:a
basaalste	basaal:a
rampeneer	rampeneren:v
rampeneerde	rampeneren:v
rampeneert	rampeneren:v
rampeneerden	rampeneren:v
rampenerend	rampeneren:v
gerampeneerd	rampeneren:v
eurotoppen	eurotop:n
tofelemonen	tofelemoon:n
tofelemoontje	tofelemoon:n
tofelemone	tofelemoon:a
sjabbats	sjabbat:n
sjabbatje	sjabbat:n
sjabbessen	sjabbes:n
sjabbesje	sjabbes:n
vrijgeleiden	vrijgeleide:n
vrijgeleides	vrijgeleide:n
snaai	snaaien:v
snaaide	snaaien:v
snaait	snaaien:v
snaaiden	snaaien:v
snaaiend	snaaien:v
gesnaaid	snaaien:v
hindoes	hindoe:n
hindoetje	hindoe:n
taalgidsen	taalgids:n
taalgidsje	taalgids:n
skottelbraais	skottelbraai:n
skottelbraaitje	skottelbraai:n
breekpunten	breekpunt:n
breekpuntje	breekpunt:n
amsterdammertjes	amsterdammertje:n
tweekleuren	tweekleur:n
tweekleurige	tweekleurig:a
roeimachines	roeimachine:n
roeimachientje	roeimachine:n
langhariger	langharig:a
langharigst	langharig:a
langharige	langharig:a
langharigere	langharig:a
langharigste	langharig:a
korthariger	kortharig:a
kortharigst	kortharig:a
kortharige	kortharig:a
kortharigere	kortharig:a
kortharigste	kortharig:a
wolharige	wolharig:a
hormonenbommen	hormonenbom:n
hormonenbommetje	hormonenbom:n
testosteronbommen	testosteronbom:n
testosteronbommetje	testosteronbom:n
diersoorten	diersoort:n
diersoortje	diersoort:n
prijk	prijken:v
prijkte	prijken:v
prijkt	prijken:v
prijkten	prijken:v
prijkend	prijken:v
geprijkt	prijken:v
vernachel	vernachelen:v
vernachelde	vernachelen:v
vernachelt	vernachelen:v
vernachelden	vernachelen:v
vernachelend	vernachelen:v
vernacheld	vernachelen:v
vernaggelen	vernachelen:v
wintervachten	wintervacht:n
wintervachtje	wintervacht:n
winterkleden	winterkleed:n
winterkleren	winterkleed:n
winterkleedje	winterkleed:n
zeperds	zeperd:n
zeperdje	zeperd:n
zuiplappen	zuiplap:n
zuiplapje	zuiplap:n
paert	paard:n
zwartepiet	zwartepieten:v
zwartepiette	zwartepieten:v
zwartepietten	zwartepieten:v
zwartepietend	zwartepieten:v
gezwartepiet	zwartepieten:v
onwenniger	onwennig:a
onwennigst	onwennig:a
onwennige	onwennig:a
onwennigere	onwennig:a
onwennigste	onwennig:a
extensies	extensie:n
extensietje	extensie:n
assegaaien	assegaai:n
assegaaitje	assegaai:n
xtc	ecstasy:n
buitenwippers	buitenwipper:n
buitenwippertje	buitenwipper:n
vraagstukken	vraagstuk:n
vraagstukje	vraagstuk:n
causatieven	causatief:n
causatiefje	causatief:n
causatieve	causatief:a
ergatieven	ergatief:n
ergatiefje	ergatief:n
ergatieve	ergatief:a
stamkroegen	stamkroeg:n
stamkroegje	stamkroeg:n
kaasstolpen	kaasstolp:n
kaasstolpje	kaasstolp:n
topsalarissen	topsalaris:n
topsalarisje	topsalaris:n
marktconforme	marktconform:a
versas	versassen:v
versaste	versassen:v
versast	versassen:v
versasten	versassen:v
versassend	versassen:v
versluis	versluizen:v
versluisde	versluizen:v
versluist	versluizen:v
versluisden	versluizen:v
versluizend	versluizen:v
versluisd	versluizen:v
taptoes	taptoe:n
taptoetje	taptoe:n
grootvorstendommen	grootvorstendom:n
fleem	flemen:v
fleemde	flemen:v
fleemt	flemen:v
fleemden	flemen:v
flemend	flemen:v
gefleemd	flemen:v
achterafstraten	achterafstraat:n
achterafstraatje	achterafstraat:n
ochtends	ochtend:n
avonds	avond:n
kaartenhuizen	kaartenhuis:n
kaartenhuisje	kaartenhuis:n
spreekbuizen	spreekbuis:n
spreekbuisje	spreekbuis:n
baet	baat:n
berij	berijden:v
berijd	berijden:v
bereed	berijden:v
berijdt	berijden:v
berijdend	berijden:v
esterlingen	esterling:n
esterlings	esterling:n
esterlingetje	esterling:n
kribben	kribbe:n|krib:n
kribbetje	kribbe:n|krib:n
krib	kribbe:n|kribben:v
kribje	krib:n
kinderoppassen	kinderoppas:n
kinderoppasje	kinderoppas:n
voerbakken	voerbak:n
voerbakje	voerbak:n
Bijbelse	Bijbels:a
kribde	kribben:v
kribt	kribben:v
kribden	kribben:v
kribbend	kribben:v
gekribd	kribben:v
opschriften	opschrift:n
opschriftje	opschrift:n
zwartepietenpakken	zwartepietenpak:n
zwartepietenpakje	zwartepietenpak:n
grootgrutters	grootgrutter:n
grutters	grutter:n
gruttertje	grutter:n
zwemmers	zwemmer:n
zwemmertje	zwemmer:n
zwemsters	zwemster:n
zwemstertje	zwemster:n
zwemsterren	zwemster:n
zwemsterretje	zwemster:n
commentariaten	commentariaat:n
commentariaatje	commentariaat:n
onorthodoxe	onorthodox:a
journailles	journaille:n
journailletje	journaille:n
dienstensectoren	dienstensector:n
dienstensectors	dienstensector:n
dienstensectortje	dienstensector:n
industriesectoren	industriesector:n
industriesectors	industriesector:n
industriesectortje	industriesector:n
landbouwsectoren	landbouwsector:n
landbouwsectors	landbouwsector:n
leidmotieven	leidmotief:n
leidmotiefje	leidmotief:n
waanzinnen	waanzin:n
hernhutters	hernhutter:n
hernhuttertje	hernhutter:n
ja-stemmers	ja-stemmer:n
ja-stemmertje	ja-stemmer:n
nee-stemmers	nee-stemmer:n
nee-stemmertje	nee-stemmer:n
ja-stemmen	ja-stem:n
nee-stemmen	nee-stem:n
pianostemmers	pianostemmer:n
pianostemmertje	pianostemmer:n
jaagschuiten	jaagschuit:n
jaagschuitje	jaagschuit:n
jaagpaarden	jaagpaard:n
jaagpaardje	jaagpaard:n
jaagpaden	jaagpad:n
jaagpaadje	jaagpad:n
jaaglijnen	jaaglijn:n
jaaglijntje	jaaglijn:n
azuren	azuur:n
ontluister	ontluisteren:v
ontluisterde	ontluisteren:v
ontluistert	ontluisteren:v
ontluisterden	ontluisteren:v
ontluisterend	ontluisteren:v
ontluisterd	ontluisteren:v
telephoon	telefoon:n
violetblauwe	violetblauw:a
violetbruine	violetbruin:a
nieuwsankers	nieuwsanker:n
steenbergen	steenberg:n
steenbergje	steenberg:n
pijlstaartroggen	pijlstaartrog:n
pijlstaartrogje	pijlstaartrog:n
pijlstaartroggetje	pijlstaartrog:n
zitmeubels	zitmeubel:n
zitmeubelen	zitmeubel:n
zitmeubeltje	zitmeubel:n
gasterijen	gasterij:n
gasterijtje	gasterij:n
zorgboerderijen	zorgboerderij:n
zorgboerderijtje	zorgboerderij:n
creabea's	creabea:n
creabeaatje	creabea:n
weefgetouwen	weefgetouw:n
weefgetouwtje	weefgetouw:n
elfjes	elfje:n
fatbikes	fatbike:n
fatbike	fatbiken:v
staartbenen	staartbeen:n
staartbeenderen	staartbeen:n
staartbeentje	staartbeen:n
stuitbenen	stuitbeen:n
stuitbeenderen	stuitbeen:n
stuitbeentje	stuitbeen:n
stemhokken	stemhok:n
stemhokje	stemhok:n
stamcellen	stamcel:n
stamcelletje	stamcel:n
strijdbijlen	strijdbijl:n
strijdbijltje	strijdbijl:n
astrofysici	astrofysicus:n
dieperiken	dieperik:n
dieperikje	dieperik:n
tweestrijden	tweestrijd:n
tweestrijdje	tweestrijd:n
peilstokken	peilstok:n
peilstokje	peilstok:n
bouwpausen	bouwpaus:n
bouwpausje	bouwpaus:n
seksmaniakken	seksmaniak:n
seksmaniakje	seksmaniak:n
calamiteiten	calamiteit:n
calamiteitje	calamiteit:n
assimilaties	assimilatie:n
hersenpannen	hersenpan:n
hersenpannetje	hersenpan:n
kustlinies	kustlinie:n
kustlinietje	kustlinie:n
stemcomputers	stemcomputer:n
stemcomputertje	stemcomputer:n
luchtbuksen	luchtbuks:n
luchtbuksje	luchtbuks:n
incalculeer	incalculeren:v
incalculeerde	incalculeren:v
incalculeert	incalculeren:v
incalculeerden	incalculeren:v
incalculerend	incalculeren:v
ingecalculeerd	incalculeren:v
meecalculeer	meecalculeren:v
meecalculeerde	meecalculeren:v
meecalculeert	meecalculeren:v
meecalculeerden	meecalculeren:v
meecalculerend	meecalculeren:v
meegecalculeerd	meecalculeren:v
calculeer	calculeren:v
calculeerde	calculeren:v
calculeert	calculeren:v
calculeerden	calculeren:v
calculerend	calculeren:v
gecalculeerd	calculeren:v
houwdegens	houwdegen:n
houwdegentje	houwdegen:n
veehouderijen	veehouderij:n
veehouderijtje	veehouderij:n
epateer	epateren:v
epateerde	epateren:v
epateert	epateren:v
epateerden	epateren:v
epaterend	epateren:v
geëpateerd	epateren:v
stervelinges	stervelinge:n
veehouders	veehouder:n
veehoudertje	veehouder:n
rundveehouderijen	rundveehouderij:n
rundveehouderijtje	rundveehouderij:n
melkveehouderijen	melkveehouderij:n
melkveehouderijtje	melkveehouderij:n
kleinveehouderijen	kleinveehouderij:n
kleinveehouderijtje	kleinveehouderij:n
multicultureeler	multicultureel:a
multicultureelst	multicultureel:a
multicultureler	multicultureel:a
multiculturele	multicultureel:a
multiculturelere	multicultureel:a
multicultureelste	multicultureel:a
monoculturen	monocultuur:n
monocultuurtje	monocultuur:n
acculturalisaties	acculturalisatie:n
deklasten	deklast:n
deklastje	deklast:n
onbedaarlijke	onbedaarlijk:a
breekals	breekal:n
breekallen	breekal:n
breekalletje	breekal:n
bezanen	bezaan:n
bezaantje	bezaan:n
waagschaal	weegschaal:n
waagschalen	waagschaal:n
waagschaaltje	waagschaal:n
zodiakale	zodiakaal:a
lichtmissen	lichtmis:n
lichtmisje	lichtmis:n
mengteelten	mengteelt:n
iezegrimmiger	iezegrimmig:a
iezegrimmigst	iezegrimmig:a
iezegrimmige	iezegrimmig:a
iezegrimmigere	iezegrimmig:a
iezegrimmigste	iezegrimmig:a
Cubanen	Cubaan:n
Cubaantje	Cubaan:n
klavertjesvier	klavertjevier:n
waterwolven	waterwolf:n
waterwolfje	waterwolf:n
landleeuwen	landleeuw:n
landleeuwje	landleeuw:n
dopingartsen	dopingarts:n
dopingartsje	dopingarts:n
rechtzaal	rechtszaal:n
snackmuren	snackmuur:n
snackmuurtje	snackmuur:n
levensschetsen	levensschets:n
levensschetsje	levensschets:n
tamboers	tamboer:n
tamboertje	tamboer:n
dompers	domper:n
dompertje	domper:n
eikeboom	eikenboom:n
praatprogramma's	praatprogramma:n
praatprogrammaatje	praatprogramma:n
knotsgeker	knotsgek:a
knotsgekst	knotsgek:a
knotsgekker	knotsgek:a
knotsgekke	knotsgek:a
knotsgekkere	knotsgek:a
knotsgekste	knotsgek:a
liquiditeitsvallen	liquiditeitsval:n
liquiditeitsvalletje	liquiditeitsval:n
scholingen	scholing:n
scholinkje	scholing:n
erfbelastingen	erfbelasting:n
verpoos	verpozen:v
verpoosde	verpozen:v
verpoost	verpozen:v
verpoosden	verpozen:v
verpozend	verpozen:v
verpoosd	verpozen:v
papzakken	papzak:n
papzakje	papzak:n|pafzak:n
dikkerds	dikkerd:n
dikkerdje	dikkerd:n
opleuk	opleuken:v
opleukte	opleuken:v
opleukt	opleuken:v
opleukten	opleuken:v
opleukend	opleuken:v
opgeleukt	opleuken:v
roofzuchtiger	roofzuchtig:a
roofzuchtigst	roofzuchtig:a
roofzuchtige	roofzuchtig:a
roofzuchtigere	roofzuchtig:a
roofzuchtigste	roofzuchtig:a
roofzuchten	roofzucht:n
volksuniversiteiten	volksuniversiteit:n
volksuniversiteitje	volksuniversiteit:n
karkassen	karkas:n
karkasje	karkas:n
vlaggenmasten	vlaggenmast:n
vlaggenmastje	vlaggenmast:n
vlaggenstokken	vlaggenstok:n
vlaggenstokje	vlaggenstok:n
cherubijnen	cherubijn:n
cherubijntje	cherubijn:n
bandietennesten	bandietennest:n
bandietennestje	bandietennest:n
bandieten	bandiet:n
bandietje	bandiet:n
spanjolen	spanjool:n
spanjooltje	spanjool:n
zoekvakken	zoekvak:n
zoekvakje	zoekvak:n
zoekbalken	zoekbalk:n
zoekbalkje	zoekbalk:n
sneeuwkristallen	sneeuwkristal:n
sneeuwkristalletje	sneeuwkristal:n
kustverdedigingen	kustverdediging:n
kustverdediginkje	kustverdediging:n
boekennamen	boekennaam:n
boekennaampje	boekennaam:n
trekpaarden	trekpaard:n
trekpaardje	trekpaard:n
woestijnbronnen	woestijnbron:n
woestijnbronnetje	woestijnbron:n
roversholen	rovershol:n
roversholletje	rovershol:n
korsaren	korsaar:n
korsaartje	korsaar:n
woestijnratten	woestijnrat:n
woestijnratje	woestijnrat:n
rechtzaak	rechtszaak:n
prullaria	prullarium:n
roofgieriger	roofgierig:a
roofgierigst	roofgierig:a
roofgierige	roofgierig:a
roofgierigere	roofgierig:a
roofgierigste	roofgierig:a
penisbreuken	penisbreuk:n
penisbreukske	penisbreuk:n
liesbreuken	liesbreuk:n
liesbreukje	liesbreuk:n
hagenpreken	hagenpreek:n
hagenpreekje	hagenpreek:n
hagepreek	hagenpreek:n
reidansen	reidans:n
reidansje	reidans:n
tuinderijen	tuinderij:n
tuinderijtje	tuinderij:n
tuinders	tuinder:n
tuindertje	tuinder:n
tuin	tuinen:v
tuinde	tuinen:v
tuint	tuinen:v
tuinden	tuinen:v
tuinend	tuinen:v
getuind	tuinen:v
dommeriken	dommerik:n
dommerikje	dommerik:n
overpeins	overpeinzen:v
overpeinsde	overpeinzen:v
overpeinst	overpeinzen:v
overpeinsden	overpeinzen:v
overpeinzend	overpeinzen:v
overpeinsd	overpeinzen:v
roofgieren	roofgier:n
rookgordijnen	rookgordijn:n
rookgordijntje	rookgordijn:n
smederijen	smederij:n
smederijtje	smederij:n
vilders	vilder:n
vildertje	vilder:n
coalitieakkoorden	coalitieakkoord:n
coalitieakkoordje	coalitieakkoord:n
accoord	akkoord:n
vergroeningen	vergroening:n
vergroeninkje	vergroening:n
koningshuizen	koningshuis:n
koningshuisje	koningshuis:n
kordaatheden	kordaatheid:n
electoraten	electoraat:n
tebot	teba:n
laberlottiger	laberlottig:a
laberlottigst	laberlottig:a
straatschenders	straatschender:n
straatschenderke	straatschender:n
fotoalbums	fotoalbum:n
fotoalbumpje	fotoalbum:n
spekkoeken	spekkoek:n
vuurtorenwachters	vuurtorenwachter:n
vuurtorenwachtertje	vuurtorenwachter:n
bergpaden	bergpad:n
bergpaadje	bergpad:n
kedives	kedive:n
kedivetje	kedive:n
zanderiger	zanderig:a
zanderigst	zanderig:a
zanderige	zanderig:a
zanderigere	zanderig:a
zanderigste	zanderig:a
routineuze	routineus:a
vervelozer	verveloos:a
verveloost	verveloos:a
verveloze	verveloos:a
vervelozere	verveloos:a
vervelooste	verveloos:a
uithoeken	uithoek:n
uithoekje	uithoek:n
consumptiemaatschappijen	consumptiemaatschappij:n
consumptiemaatschappijtje	consumptiemaatschappij:n
consumpties	consumptie:n
consumptietje	consumptie:n
havenmeesters	havenmeester:n
havenmeestertje	havenmeester:n
kettinggangers	kettingganger:n
kettinggangertje	kettingganger:n
vuurbaken	vuurbaak:n
vuurbaakje	vuurbaak:n
vuurbakens	vuurbaken:n
vuurbakentje	vuurbaken:n
kippiger	kippig:a
kippigst	kippig:a
kippige	kippig:a
kippigere	kippig:a
kippigste	kippig:a
stampijen	stampij:n
stampei	stampij:n
vuursteenpistolen	vuursteenpistool:n
vuursteenpistooltje	vuursteenpistool:n
vuursteensloten	vuursteenslot:n
vuursteenslotje	vuursteenslot:n
vuursteengeweren	vuursteengeweer:n
vuursteengeweertje	vuursteengeweer:n
fuseliers	fuselier:n
fuseliertje	fuselier:n
drukkingsgroepen	drukkingsgroep:n
drukkingsgroepje	drukkingsgroep:n
pressiegroepen	pressiegroep:n
pressiegroepje	pressiegroep:n
liflaffer	liflaf:a
liflafst	liflaf:a
liflaffe	liflaf:a
liflaffere	liflaf:a
liflafste	liflaf:a
liflaffen	liflaf:n
liflafje	liflaf:n
liflafjes	liflafje:n
liflaf	liflaffen:v
liflafte	liflaffen:v
liflaft	liflaffen:v
liflaften	liflaffen:v
liflaffend	liflaffen:v
geliflaft	liflaffen:v
buikdragers	buikdrager:n
buikdragertje	buikdrager:n
kiplekkerder	kiplekker:a
kiplekkerst	kiplekker:a
kiplekkere	kiplekker:a
kiplekkerdere	kiplekker:a
kiplekkerste	kiplekker:a
vlakspoelers	vlakspoeler:n
vlakspoelertje	vlakspoeler:n
diepspoelers	diepspoeler:n
diepspoelertje	diepspoeler:n
naargeestiger	naargeestig:a
naargeestigst	naargeestig:a
naargeestige	naargeestig:a
naargeestigere	naargeestig:a
naargeestigste	naargeestig:a
vierklappers	vierklapper:n
vierklappertje	vierklapper:n
bezegel	bezegelen:v
bezegelde	bezegelen:v
bezegelt	bezegelen:v
bezegelden	bezegelen:v
bezegelend	bezegelen:v
bezegeld	bezegelen:v
politiek-correcten	politiek-correcte:n
cellofaantje	cellofaan:n
wederopbouwmissies	wederopbouwmissie:n
wederopbouwmissietje	wederopbouwmissie:n
vechtmissies	vechtmissie:n
vechtmissietje	vechtmissie:n
dekhengsten	dekhengst:n
dekhengstje	dekhengst:n
bergpassen	bergpas:n
bergpasje	bergpas:n
wirwarren	wirwar:n
liflafferijen	liflafferij:n
liflafferijtje	liflafferij:n
filmzalen	filmzaal:n
filmzaaltje	filmzaal:n
wandeltochten	wandeltocht:n
wandeltochtje	wandeltocht:n
flikkerbewegingen	flikkerbeweging:n
flikkerbeweginkje	flikkerbeweging:n
gelijkschakel	gelijkschakelen:v
gelijkschakelde	gelijkschakelen:v
gelijkschakelt	gelijkschakelen:v
gelijkschakelden	gelijkschakelen:v
gelijkschakelend	gelijkschakelen:v
gelijkgeschakeld	gelijkschakelen:v
mispunten	mispunt:n
mispuntje	mispunt:n
eerzuilen	eerzuil:n
eerzuiltje	eerzuil:n
erezuil	eerzuil:n
geheide	geheid:a
gedachtelijnen	gedachtelijn:n
gedachtelijntje	gedachtelijn:n
steenachtiger	steenachtig:a
steenachtigst	steenachtig:a
steenachtige	steenachtig:a
steenachtigere	steenachtig:a
steenachtigste	steenachtig:a
zandwoestijnen	zandwoestijn:n
zandwoestijntje	zandwoestijn:n
gedachtegangen	gedachtegang:n
gedachtegangetje	gedachtegang:n
rotswoestijnen	rotswoestijn:n
rotswoestijntje	rotswoestijn:n
woestijnzanden	woestijnzand:n
seriemoordenaars	seriemoordenaar:n
seriemoordenaartje	seriemoordenaar:n
spookverhalen	spookverhaal:n
spookverhaaltje	spookverhaal:n
spooksteden	spookstad:n
spookstadje	spookstad:n
spookhuizen	spookhuis:n
spookhuisje	spookhuis:n
spookdorpen	spookdorp:n
spookdorpje	spookdorp:n
spooktreinen	spooktrein:n
spooktreintje	spooktrein:n
optuig	optuigen:v
optuigde	optuigen:v
optuigt	optuigen:v
optuigden	optuigen:v
optuigend	optuigen:v
opgetuigd	optuigen:v
aftuig	aftuigen:v
aftuigde	aftuigen:v
aftuigt	aftuigen:v
aftuigden	aftuigen:v
aftuigend	aftuigen:v
afgetuigd	aftuigen:v
zoutlozer	zoutloos:a
zoutloost	zoutloos:a
zoutloze	zoutloos:a
zoutlozere	zoutloos:a
zoutlooste	zoutloos:a
hemelnimfen	hemelnimf:n
hemelnimfje	hemelnimf:n
nimfen	nimf:n
nimfje	nimf:n
buitenwerelden	buitenwereld:n
buitenwereldje	buitenwereld:n
karrensporen	karrenspoor:n
karrenspoortje	karrenspoor:n
karrespoor	karrenspoor:n
kerstengelen	kerstengel:n
kerstengeltje	kerstengel:n
hoeri's	hoeri:n
hoerietje	hoeri:n
wedstrijdvervalsingen	wedstrijdvervalsing:n
denkpistes	denkpiste:n
denkpisten	denkpiste:n
roversbenden	roversbende:n
roversbendes	roversbende:n
roversbendetje	roversbende:n
mezekouwen	mezekouw:n
mezekouwtje	mezekouw:n
schietgaten	schietgat:n
schietgaatje	schietgat:n
braakakkers	braakakker:n
braakakkertje	braakakker:n
snertnimfen	snertnimf:n
aanrandsters	aanrandster:n
aanrandstertje	aanrandster:n
kasticketten	kasticket:n
kasticketje	kasticket:n
kassaticket	kasticket:n
bloodaards	bloodaard:n
bloodaardeke	bloodaard:n
aardkloten	aardkloot:n
aardklootje	aardkloot:n
zwangerschapsvergiftigingen	zwangerschapsvergiftiging:n
zwangerschapsvergiftiginkje	zwangerschapsvergiftiging:n
beschroomder	beschroomd:a
beschroomdst	beschroomd:a
beschroomde	beschroomd:a
beschroomdere	beschroomd:a
beschroomdste	beschroomd:a
sportskiërs	sportskiër:n
sportskiërtje	sportskiër:n
skiesters	skiester:n
skiestertje	skiester:n
niercrisissen	niercrisis:n
niercrises	niercrisis:n
niercrisisje	niercrisis:n
knoeft	knoeften:v
knoeftte	knoeften:v
knoeftten	knoeften:v
knoeftend	knoeften:v
geknoeft	knoeften:v
hartliggers	hartligger:n
hartliggerke	hartligger:n
febbekakken	febbekak:n
febbekakske	febbekak:n
terg	tergen:v
tergde	tergen:v
tergt	tergen:v
tergden	tergen:v
tergend	tergen:v
getergd	tergen:v
meelzakken	meelzak:n
meelzakske	meelzak:n
schrijfsels	schrijfsel:n
schrijfseltje	schrijfsel:n
ski-instructeurs	ski-instructeur:n
ski-instructrices	ski-instructrice:n
EHBO'ers	EHBO'er:n
EHBO'ertje	EHBO'er:n
E-wegen	E-weg:n
maniokken	maniok:n
maniokje	maniok:n
'ie	ie:r
herberghe	herberg:n
zijarmen	zijarm:n
zijarmpje	zijarm:n
tampeloeresen	tampeloeres:n
tampeloeresje	tampeloeres:n
nachtpo's	nachtpo:n
nachtpootje	nachtpo:n
nachtpotten	nachtpot:n
nachtpotje	nachtpot:n
buitenpolitieker	buitenpolitiek:a
buitenpolitiekst	buitenpolitiek:a
buitenpolitieke	buitenpolitiek:a
buitenpolitiekere	buitenpolitiek:a
buitenpolitiekste	buitenpolitiek:a
spraakleren	spraakleer:n
spraakleertje	spraakleer:n
pissijnen	pissijn:n
pissijntje	pissijn:n
pissijneke	pissijn:n
verknochter	verknocht:a
verknochte	verknocht:a
verknochtere	verknocht:a
geldwezens	geldwezen:n
massahysteries	massahysterie:n
klysma's	klysma:n
klysmaatje	klysma:n
darmspoelingen	darmspoeling:n
darmspoelinkje	darmspoeling:n
klisteren	klisteer:n
klisteertje	klisteer:n
evenaarswouden	evenaarswoud:n
evenaarswoudje	evenaarswoud:n
tussenschotten	tussenschot:n
tussenschotje	tussenschot:n
sjappen	sjap:n
sjapje	sjap:n
sjappie	sjap:n
tijdrekeningen	tijdrekening:n
likkebaard	likkebaarden:v
likkebaardde	likkebaarden:v
likkebaardt	likkebaarden:v
likkebaardden	likkebaarden:v
likkebaardend	likkebaarden:v
gelikkebaard	likkebaarden:v
spleettrommels	spleettrommel:n
spleettrommeltje	spleettrommel:n
lavementspuiten	lavementspuit:n
lavementspuitje	lavementspuit:n
klisteerspuiten	klisteerspuit:n
klisteerspuitje	klisteerspuit:n
slagroomspuiten	slagroomspuit:n
slagroomspuitje	slagroomspuit:n
injectiespuiten	injectiespuit:n
injectiespuitje	injectiespuit:n
refters	refter:n
reftertje	refter:n
reventers	reventer:n
reventertje	reventer:n
beklijf	beklijven:v
beklijfde	beklijven:v
beklijft	beklijven:v
beklijfden	beklijven:v
beklijvend	beklijven:v
beklijfd	beklijven:v
bekleef	beklijven:v|bekleven:v
bekleven	beklijven:v
stroombekkens	stroombekken:n
stroombekkentje	stroombekken:n
rivierbekkens	rivierbekken:n
rivierbekkentje	rivierbekken:n
stoombaden	stoombad:n
stoombadje	stoombad:n
gebedshuizen	gebedshuis:n
gebedshuisje	gebedshuis:n
godshuizen	godshuis:n
godshuisje	godshuis:n
onderaanvoerders	onderaanvoerder:n
ridderlijker	ridderlijk:a
ridderlijkst	ridderlijk:a
ridderlijke	ridderlijk:a
ridderlijkere	ridderlijk:a
ridderlijkste	ridderlijk:a
chappementen	chappement:n
chappementeke	chappement:n
infamer	infaam:a
infaamst	infaam:a
infame	infaam:a
infamere	infaam:a
infaamste	infaam:a
chapeluur	chapelure:n
monotoner	monotoon:a
monotoonst	monotoon:a
monotone	monotoon:a
monotonere	monotoon:a
monotoonste	monotoon:a
lorgnetten	lorgnet:n
lorgnetje	lorgnet:n
oogglazen	oogglas:n
oogglaasje	oogglas:n
lamzakken	lamzak:n
lamzakje	lamzak:n
rocambolesker	rocambolesk:a
rocamboleskst	rocambolesk:a
rocamboleske	rocambolesk:a
rocamboleskere	rocambolesk:a
rocamboleskste	rocambolesk:a
barkrukken	barkruk:n
barkrukje	barkruk:n
meewaai	meewaaien:v
meewaaide	meewaaien:v
meewaait	meewaaien:v
meewaaiden	meewaaien:v
meewaaiend	meewaaien:v
meegewaaid	meewaaien:v
meewoei	meewaaien:v
meewoeien	meewaaien:v
treinstations	treinstation:n
treinstationnetje	treinstation:n
smalspoortreinen	smalspoortrein:n
smalspoortreintje	smalspoortrein:n
wildzangen	wildzang:n
wildzangetje	wildzang:n
geesteszieke	geestesziek:a
geesteskranke	geesteskrank:a
scabreuzer	scabreus:a
scabreust	scabreus:a
ballententen	ballentent:n
ballententje	ballentent:n
luipaardmannen	luipaardman:n
luipaardmannetje	luipaardman:n
onverdrotener	onverdroten:a
onverdrotenst	onverdroten:a
onverdrotenste	onverdroten:a
dooddoeners	dooddoener:n
dooddoenertje	dooddoener:n
muisarmen	muisarm:n
muisarmpje	muisarm:n
knijpbrillen	knijpbril:n
knijpbrilletje	knijpbril:n
zandalen	zandaal:n
zandaaltje	zandaal:n
voetbalsters	voetbalster:n
voetbalstertje	voetbalster:n
voetbalsterren	voetbalster:n
voetbalsterretje	voetbalster:n
borstbollen	borstbol:n
borstbolleke	borstbol:n
mattenkloppers	mattenklopper:n
mattenkloppertje	mattenklopper:n
krabbekokers	krabbekoker:n
krabbekokertje	krabbekoker:n
pottenstampers	pottenstamper:n
pottenstampertje	pottenstamper:n
hotemetoten	hotemetoot:n
hotemetootje	hotemetoot:n
houtvesters	houtvester:n
houtvestertje	houtvester:n
kaartenbakken	kaartenbak:n
kaartenbakje	kaartenbak:n
fichebakken	fichebak:n
fichebakje	fichebak:n
steekkaarten	steekkaart:n
steekkaartje	steekkaart:n
uitlicht	uitlichten:v
uitlichtte	uitlichten:v
uitlichtten	uitlichten:v
uitlichtend	uitlichten:v
uitgelicht	uitlichten:v
gegevensdragers	gegevensdrager:n
gegevensdragertje	gegevensdrager:n
opnaai	opnaaien:v
opnaaide	opnaaien:v
opnaait	opnaaien:v
opnaaiden	opnaaien:v
opnaaiend	opnaaien:v
opgenaaid	opnaaien:v
halfgare	halfgaar:a
halvegaren	halvegare:n
halvegares	halvegare:n
mecaniciens	mecanicien:n
ledebraak	ledebraken:v
ledebraakte	ledebraken:v
ledebraakt	ledebraken:v
ledebraakten	ledebraken:v
ledebrakend	ledebraken:v
geledebraakt	ledebraken:v
naaststaanden	naaststaande:n
toneelkijkers	toneelkijker:n
toneelkijkertje	toneelkijker:n
veldkijkers	veldkijker:n
veldkijkertje	veldkijker:n
halvanaises	halvanaise:n
halvanaisetje	halvanaise:n
klimaatkanaries	klimaatkanarie:n
klimaatkanarietje	klimaatkanarie:n
spelonken	spelonk:n
spelonkje	spelonk:n
spelonksken	spelonk:n
kruipkoten	kruipkot:n
kruipkotteke	kruipkot:n
pareerstangen	pareerstang:n
pareerstangetje	pareerstang:n
ambetanter	ambetant:a
ambetantst	ambetant:a
nuchtend	ochtend:n
bronchitteke	bronchit:n
schoelie	schoelje:n
zeveraars	zeveraar:n
zeveraarke	zeveraar:n
zever	zeveren:v
zeverde	zeveren:v
zevert	zeveren:v
zeverden	zeveren:v
zeverend	zeveren:v
gezeverd	zeveren:v
pantoffelhelden	pantoffelheld:n
pantoffelheldje	pantoffelheld:n
pantoffelheldeke	pantoffelheld:n
heroïscher	heroïsch:a
heroïscht	heroïsch:a
hersenkinderen	hersenkind:n
apsjaars	apsjaar:n
apsjareke	apsjaar:n
waarlozen	waarloze:n
waarlozeken	waarloze:n
waarloze	waarloos:a
tegoedhoudertjes	tegoedhoudertje:n
goedhoudertjes	goedhoudertje:n
sjappietouwers	sjappietouwer:n
sjappietouwertje	sjappietouwer:n
danshuizen	danshuis:n
danshuisje	danshuis:n
danszalen	danszaal:n
danszaaltje	danszaal:n
verzakers	verzaker:n
verzakertje	verzaker:n
wereldverzakers	wereldverzaker:n
wereldverzakertje	wereldverzaker:n
asceten	asceet:n
asceetje	asceet:n
eeuwelingen	eeuweling:n
renunciaties	renunciatie:n
renunciatietje	renunciatie:n
schimpen	schimp:n
schimpje	schimp:n
schimpscheuten	schimpscheut:n
schimpscheutje	schimpscheut:n
Nintendo-duimen	Nintendo-duim:n
spiek	spieken:v
spiekte	spieken:v
spiekt	spieken:v
spiekten	spieken:v
spiekend	spieken:v
gespiekt	spieken:v
pluksels	pluksel:n
plukseltje	pluksel:n
bloedverwanten	bloedverwant:n
bloedverwantje	bloedverwant:n
omhoogval	omhoogvallen:v
omhoogviel	omhoogvallen:v
omhoogvalt	omhoogvallen:v
omhoogvielen	omhoogvallen:v
omhoogvallend	omhoogvallen:v
omhooggevallen	omhoogvallen:v
kleingoederen	kleingoed:n
snosselke	snossel:n
treuzel	treuzelen:v
treuzelde	treuzelen:v
treuzelt	treuzelen:v
treuzelden	treuzelen:v
treuzelend	treuzelen:v
getreuzeld	treuzelen:v
ontoerekeningsvatbaarder	ontoerekeningsvatbaar:a
ontoerekeningsvatbaarst	ontoerekeningsvatbaar:a
ontoerekeningsvatbare	ontoerekeningsvatbaar:a
ontoerekeningsvatbaardere	ontoerekeningsvatbaar:a
ontoerekeningsvatbaarste	ontoerekeningsvatbaar:a
toerekeningsvatbaarder	toerekeningsvatbaar:a
toerekeningsvatbaarst	toerekeningsvatbaar:a
toerekeningsvatbare	toerekeningsvatbaar:a
toerekeningsvatbaardere	toerekeningsvatbaar:a
toerekeningsvatbaarste	toerekeningsvatbaar:a
druktemakers	druktemaker:n
druktemakertje	druktemaker:n
zenuwpezen	zenuwpees:n
zenuwpeesje	zenuwpees:n
zenuwpeeske	zenuwpees:n
sloebers	sloeber:n
sloebertje	sloeber:n
stakkers	stakker:n
stakkertje	stakker:n
lastverkopers	lastverkoper:n
lastverkoperke	lastverkoper:n
vogelpikken	vogelpik:n
vogelpikske	vogelpik:n
renkoekoeken	renkoekoek:n
renkoekoekje	renkoekoek:n
pimpel	pimpelen:v|pimpelmees:n
pimpelde	pimpelen:v
pimpelt	pimpelen:v
pimpelden	pimpelen:v
pimpelend	pimpelen:v
gepimpeld	pimpelen:v
temeiers	temeier:n
temeiertje	temeier:n
pimpeltjes	pimpeltje:n
deernen	deerne:n
deernes	deerne:n
deerntje	deerne:n
schoeisels	schoeisel:n
schoeiseltje	schoeisel:n
zinkgaten	zinkgat:n
zinkgaatje	zinkgat:n
krijgsverrichtingen	krijgsverrichting:n
krijgsverrichtinkje	krijgsverrichting:n
verrichtingen	verrichting:n
verrichtinkje	verrichting:n
bergnimfen	bergnimf:n
bergnimfje	bergnimf:n
mazzelpikken	mazzelpik:n
mazzelpikje	mazzelpik:n
kroonluchters	kroonluchter:n
kroonluchtertje	kroonluchter:n
luchters	luchter:n
luchtertje	luchter:n
lichtkronen	lichtkroon:n
lichtkroontje	lichtkroon:n
vertogen	vertoog:n
vertoogje	vertoog:n
zwemvliezen	zwemvlies:n
zwemvliesje	zwemvlies:n
hersenvliezen	hersenvlies:n
hersenvliesje	hersenvlies:n
voorbipsen	voorbips:n
voorbipsje	voorbips:n
reddingsvesten	reddingsvest:n
reddingsvestje	reddingsvest:n
luchtbedden	luchtbed:n
luchtbedje	luchtbed:n
hemelbedden	hemelbed:n
hemelbedje	hemelbed:n
dreumesen	dreumes:n
dreumesje	dreumes:n
uithang	uithangen:v
uithing	uithangen:v
uithangt	uithangen:v
uithingen	uithangen:v
uithangend	uithangen:v
uitgehangen	uithangen:v
processen-verbaal	proces-verbaal:n
proces-verbalen	proces-verbaal:n
proces-verbaaltje	proces-verbaal:n
vertroebel	vertroebelen:v
vertroebelde	vertroebelen:v
vertroebelt	vertroebelen:v
vertroebelden	vertroebelen:v
vertroebelend	vertroebelen:v
vertroebeld	vertroebelen:v
koeioneer	koeioneren:v
koeioneerde	koeioneren:v
koeioneert	koeioneren:v
koeioneerden	koeioneren:v
koeionerend	koeioneren:v
gekoeioneerd	koeioneren:v
manberen	manbeer:n
manbeertje	manbeer:n
zenuwlijders	zenuwlijder:n
zenuwlijdertje	zenuwlijder:n
weerberen	weerbeer:n
weerbeertje	weerbeer:n
woordenstrijden	woordenstrijd:n
woordenstrijdje	woordenstrijd:n
breekvastens	breekvasten:n
breekvastentje	breekvasten:n
mistgordijnen	mistgordijn:n
mistgordijntje	mistgordijn:n
esdoorns	esdoorn:n
esdoornen	esdoorn:n
esdoorntje	esdoorn:n
schollevaars	schollevaar:n
schollevaren	schollevaar:n
schollevaartje	schollevaar:n
scholvers	scholver:n
scholvertje	scholver:n
onderzeese	onderzees:a
excuustruzen	excuustruus:n
excuustruusje	excuustruus:n
aasgewichten	aasgewicht:n
aasgewichtje	aasgewicht:n
lijziger	lijzig:a
lijzigst	lijzig:a
lijzige	lijzig:a
lijzigere	lijzig:a
lijzigste	lijzig:a
stuurhutten	stuurhut:n
stuurhutje	stuurhut:n
sojascheuten	sojascheut:n
sojascheutje	sojascheut:n
brinkdorpen	brinkdorp:n
brinkdorpje	brinkdorp:n
wasmiddelen	wasmiddel:n
eerwraken	eerwraak:n
eerzaken	eerzaak:n
schuldculturen	schuldcultuur:n
schuldcultuurtje	schuldcultuur:n
schaamteculturen	schaamtecultuur:n
schaamtecultuurtje	schaamtecultuur:n
oorkussens	oorkussen:n
oorkussentje	oorkussen:n
hoofdkussens	hoofdkussen:n
hoofdkussentje	hoofdkussen:n
breiwerken	breiwerk:n
breiwerkje	breiwerk:n
hangsnorren	hangsnor:n
hangsnorretje	hangsnor:n
zeiksnorren	zeiksnor:n
zeiksnorretje	zeiksnor:n
stadsverwarmingen	stadsverwarming:n
warmtewisselaars	warmtewisselaar:n
warmtewisselaartje	warmtewisselaar:n
wisselaars	wisselaar:n
wisselaartje	wisselaar:n
geldwisselaars	geldwisselaar:n
geldwisselaartje	geldwisselaar:n
cd-wisselaars	cd-wisselaar:n
cd-wisselaartje	cd-wisselaar:n
verlummel	verlummelen:v
verlummelde	verlummelen:v
verlummelt	verlummelen:v
verlummelden	verlummelen:v
verlummelend	verlummelen:v
verlummeld	verlummelen:v
bekkesnijders	bekkesnijder:n
bekkesnijdertje	bekkesnijder:n
alwetende	alwetend:a
Nederturken	Nederturk:n
graftakken	graftak:n
graftakje	graftak:n
voorliefden	voorliefde:n
voorliefdes	voorliefde:n
oversekste	oversekst:a
roeptoeters	roeptoeter:n
roeptoetertje	roeptoeter:n
roeptoeter	roeptoeteren:v
roeptoeterde	roeptoeteren:v
roeptoetert	roeptoeteren:v
roeptoeterden	roeptoeteren:v
roeptoeterend	roeptoeteren:v
geroeptoeterd	roeptoeteren:v
Jehovagetuigen	Jehovagetuige:n
buitenissiger	buitenissig:a
buitenissigst	buitenissig:a
buitenissige	buitenissig:a
buitenissigere	buitenissig:a
buitenissigste	buitenissig:a
ontdubbel	ontdubbelen:v
ontdubbelde	ontdubbelen:v
ontdubbelt	ontdubbelen:v
ontdubbelden	ontdubbelen:v
ontdubbelend	ontdubbelen:v
ontdubbeld	ontdubbelen:v
beunen	beun:n
beuntje	beun:n
vakidioten	vakidioot:n
vakidiootje	vakidioot:n
kunstmoeders	kunstmoeder:n
kunstmoedertje	kunstmoeder:n
hellekinderen	hellekind:n
hellekindje	hellekind:n
dooddoenerige	dooddoenerig:a
onmachtiger	onmachtig:a
onmachtigst	onmachtig:a
onmachtige	onmachtig:a
onmachtigere	onmachtig:a
onmachtigste	onmachtig:a
molliger	mollig:a
molligst	mollig:a
mollige	mollig:a
molligere	mollig:a
molligste	mollig:a
bauxieten	bauxiet:n
staanderkerken	staanderkerk:n
staanderkerkje	staanderkerk:n
staanders	staander:n
staandertje	staander:n
zeewolven	zeewolf:n
zeewolfje	zeewolf:n
randidioten	randidioot:n
randidiootje	randidioot:n
smoezeliger	smoezelig:a
smoezeligst	smoezelig:a
smoezelige	smoezelig:a
smoezeligere	smoezelig:a
smoezeligste	smoezelig:a
pissebedden	pissebed:n
pissebedje	pissebed:n
clownvissen	clownvis:n
clownvisje	clownvis:n
anemoonvissen	anemoonvis:n
anemoonvisje	anemoonvis:n
anemoontje	anemoon:n
glansrijker	glansrijk:a
glansrijkst	glansrijk:a
glansrijke	glansrijk:a
glansrijkere	glansrijk:a
glansrijkste	glansrijk:a
oogopslagen	oogopslag:n
oogopslagje	oogopslag:n
misjpoges	misjpoge:n
onmachten	onmacht:n
amachtig	amechtig:a
hondenlullen	hondenlul:n
hondenlulletje	hondenlul:n
lullo's	lullo:n
lullootje	lullo:n
gratenkutten	gratenkut:n
gratenkutje	gratenkut:n
afdoe	afdoen:v
afdeed	afdoen:v
afdoet	afdoen:v
afdeden	afdoen:v
afdoend	afdoen:v
afgedaan	afdoen:v
politiekelingen	politiekeling:n
politiekelingetje	politiekeling:n
aanbehoor	aanbehoren:v
aanbehoorde	aanbehoren:v
aanbehoort	aanbehoren:v
aanbehoorden	aanbehoren:v
aanbehorend	aanbehoren:v
aanbehoord	aanbehoren:v
ademborstiger	ademborstig:a
ademborstigst	ademborstig:a
ademborstige	ademborstig:a
ademborstigere	ademborstig:a
ademborstigste	ademborstig:a
engborstiger	engborstig:a
engborstigst	engborstig:a
engborstige	engborstig:a
engborstigere	engborstig:a
engborstigste	engborstig:a
voorgebergten	voorgebergte:n
voorgebergtes	voorgebergte:n
laaggebergten	laaggebergte:n
laaggebergtes	laaggebergte:n
kustgebergten	kustgebergte:n
kustgebergtes	kustgebergte:n
hooggebergten	hooggebergte:n
hooggebergtes	hooggebergte:n
woestijngebergten	woestijngebergte:n
woestijngebergtes	woestijngebergte:n
ijsgebergten	ijsgebergte:n
ijsgebergtes	ijsgebergte:n
aaloud	aloud:a
wolfsspinnen	wolfsspin:n
wolfsspinnetje	wolfsspin:n
wolfspin	wolfsspin:n
ambachtsheren	ambachtsheer:n
ambachtsheertje	ambachtsheer:n
admiraalschappen	admiraalschap:n
admiraalschapje	admiraalschap:n
ambachtsvrouwen	ambachtsvrouwe:n|ambachtsvrouw:n
ambachtsvrouwtje	ambachtsvrouwe:n|ambachtsvrouw:n
ambachtsvrouw	ambachtsvrouwe:n
bodemschatten	bodemschat:n
bodemschatje	bodemschat:n
aandeelhebbers	aandeelhebber:n
aanglij	aanglijden:v
aanglijd	aanglijden:v
aangleed	aanglijden:v
aanglijdt	aanglijden:v
aangleden	aanglijden:v
aanglijdend	aanglijden:v
aangegleden	aanglijden:v
deponeer	deponeren:v
deponeerde	deponeren:v
deponeert	deponeren:v
deponeerden	deponeren:v
deponerend	deponeren:v
gedeponeerd	deponeren:v
voltooibaarder	voltooibaar:a
voltooibaarst	voltooibaar:a
voltooibare	voltooibaar:a
voltooibaardere	voltooibaar:a
voltooibaarste	voltooibaar:a
onvoltooibaarder	onvoltooibaar:a
onvoltooibaarst	onvoltooibaar:a
onvoltooibare	onvoltooibaar:a
onvoltooibaardere	onvoltooibaar:a
onvoltooibaarste	onvoltooibaar:a
Graaf	graaf:n
verschotteke	verschot:n
bleukes	bleuke:n
doelmonden	doelmond:n
deklatten	deklat:n
deklatteke	deklat:n
afhein	afheinen:v
afheinde	afheinen:v
afheint	afheinen:v
afheinden	afheinen:v
afheinend	afheinen:v
afgeheind	afheinen:v
behein	beheinen:v
beheinde	beheinen:v
beheint	beheinen:v
beheinden	beheinen:v
beheinend	beheinen:v
beheind	beheinen:v
omhein	omheinen:v
omheinde	omheinen:v
omheint	omheinen:v
omheinden	omheinen:v
omheinend	omheinen:v
omheind	omheinen:v
hein	heinen:v
heinde	heinen:v
heint	heinen:v
heinden	heinen:v
heinend	heinen:v
geheind	heinen:v
begelukzalig	begelukzaligen:v
begelukzaligde	begelukzaligen:v
begelukzaligt	begelukzaligen:v
begelukzaligden	begelukzaligen:v
begelukzaligend	begelukzaligen:v
begelukzaligd	begelukzaligen:v
gelukzaliger	gelukzalig:a
gelukzaligst	gelukzalig:a
gelukzalige	gelukzalig:a
gelukzaligere	gelukzalig:a
gelukzaligste	gelukzalig:a
opperduivels	opperduivel:n
opperduiveltje	opperduivel:n
zeeduivels	zeeduivel:n
zeeduiveltje	zeeduivel:n
Tasmaanse	Tasmaans:a
bedelmonniken	bedelmonnik:n
bedelmonnikje	bedelmonnik:n
bedelnonnen	bedelnon:n
bedelnonnetje	bedelnon:n
vluchtauto's	vluchtauto:n
vluchtautootje	vluchtauto:n
kakkies	kakkie:n
kenaus	kenau:n
kenautje	kenau:n
pielemuizen	pielemuis:n
pielemuisje	pielemuis:n
mediaevist	mediëvist:n
vuurvogels	vuurvogel:n
vuurvogeltje	vuurvogel:n
scharesliepen	scharesliep:n
scharesliepke	scharesliep:n
aangluur	aangluren:v
aangluurde	aangluren:v
aangluurt	aangluren:v
aangluurden	aangluren:v
aanglurend	aangluren:v
aangegluurd	aangluren:v
begraas	begrazen:v
begraasde	begrazen:v
begraast	begrazen:v
begraasden	begrazen:v
begrazend	begrazen:v
begraasd	begrazen:v
bergstoffen	bergstof:n
bergstofje	bergstof:n
alliancie	alliantie:n
bedlegers	bedleger:n
bedlegertje	bedleger:n
milieupartijen	milieupartij:n
milieupartijtje	milieupartij:n
bedam	bedammen:v
bedamde	bedammen:v
bedamt	bedammen:v
bedamden	bedammen:v
bedammend	bedammen:v
bedamd	bedammen:v
bedijk	bedijken:v
bedijkte	bedijken:v
bedijkt	bedijken:v
bedijkten	bedijken:v
bedijkend	bedijken:v
rijstwijnen	rijstwijn:n
rijstwijntje	rijstwijn:n
bakfietsen	bakfiets:n
bakfietsje	bakfiets:n
bestialer	bestiaal:a
bestiaalst	bestiaal:a
bestiale	bestiaal:a
bestialere	bestiaal:a
bestiaalste	bestiaal:a
bestialen	bestiaal:n
bestiaaltje	bestiaal:n
afheiningen	afheining:n
afheininkje	afheining:n
afdor	afdorren:v
afdorde	afdorren:v
afdort	afdorren:v
afdorden	afdorren:v
afdorrend	afdorren:v
afgedord	afdorren:v
verdor	verdorren:v
verdorde	verdorren:v
verdort	verdorren:v
verdorden	verdorren:v
verdorrend	verdorren:v
verdord	verdorren:v
verdroog	verdrogen:v
verdroogde	verdrogen:v
verdroogt	verdrogen:v
verdroogden	verdrogen:v
verdrogend	verdrogen:v
verdroogd	verdrogen:v
afdrijf	afdrijven:v
afdreef	afdrijven:v
afdrijft	afdrijven:v
afdreven	afdrijven:v
afdrijvend	afdrijven:v
afgedreven	afdrijven:v
schilderstukken	schilderstuk:n
schilderstukje	schilderstuk:n
schilderwerken	schilderwerk:n
schilderwerkje	schilderwerk:n
russenpollen	russenpol:n
russenpolletje	russenpol:n
bedehuizen	bedehuis:n
bedehuisje	bedehuis:n
minderbroeders	minderbroeder:n
minderbroedertje	minderbroeder:n
taudeeltjes	taudeeltje:n
priëlen	prieel:n
prieeltje	prieel:n
prieelvogels	prieelvogel:n
prieelvogeltje	prieelvogel:n
vetharten	vethart:n
vethartje	vethart:n
ziekteverwensingen	ziekteverwensing:n
verwensingen	verwensing:n
verwensinkje	verwensing:n
gezwinder	gezwind:a
gezwindst	gezwind:a
gezwinde	gezwind:a
gezwindere	gezwind:a
gezwindste	gezwind:a
decolletés	decolleté:n
decolleteetje	decolleté:n
bouwvakkersdecolletés	bouwvakkersdecolleté:n
bouwvakkersdecolleteetje	bouwvakkersdecolleté:n
ruif	ruiven:v
ruifde	ruiven:v
ruift	ruiven:v
ruifden	ruiven:v
ruivend	ruiven:v
geruifd	ruiven:v
geroven	ruiven:v
ruiven	ruif:n
brabbel	brabbelen:v
brabbelde	brabbelen:v
brabbelt	brabbelen:v
brabbelden	brabbelen:v
brabbelend	brabbelen:v
gebrabbeld	brabbelen:v
vuilzakken	vuilzak:n
vuilzakje	vuilzak:n
vuilzaksken	vuilzak:n
meuttes	meutte:n
meutteken	meutte:n
beukelaars	beukelaar:n
beukelaartje	beukelaar:n
diepladers	dieplader:n
ervaringsdeskundigen	ervaringsdeskundige:n
armoedegrenzen	armoedegrens:n
armoedegrensje	armoedegrens:n
mantelzorgers	mantelzorger:n
mantelzorgertje	mantelzorger:n
vallingen	valling:n
vallingske	valling:n
snut	snutten:v
snutte	snutten:v
snuttend	snutten:v
gesnut	snutten:v
snottebellen	snottebel:n
snottebelletje	snottebel:n
pisbloemen	pisbloem:n
pisbloempje	pisbloem:n
pisbloemetje	pisbloem:n
schaambossen	schaambos:n
schaambosje	schaambos:n
annalen	annaal:n
annaaltje	annaal:n
kronieken	kroniek:n
kroniekje	kroniek:n
aanslinger	aanslingeren:v
aanslingerde	aanslingeren:v
aanslingert	aanslingeren:v
aanslingerden	aanslingeren:v
aanslingerend	aanslingeren:v
aangeslingerd	aanslingeren:v
aansmelt	aansmelten:v
aansmolt	aansmelten:v
aansmolten	aansmelten:v
aansmeltend	aansmelten:v
aangesmolten	aansmelten:v
Batavieren	Batavier:n
Bataviers	Batavier:n
Bataviertje	Batavier:n
Bataven	Bataaf:n
Bataafje	Bataaf:n
Bataafse	Bataafs:a
bedenkbare	bedenkbaar:a
luchtschommels	luchtschommel:n
luchtschommeltje	luchtschommel:n
schommelschepen	schommelschip:n
schommelscheepje	schommelschip:n
dieventalen	dieventaal:n
dieventaaltje	dieventaal:n
Dordt	Dordrecht:m
borstvallingen	borstvalling:n
gerieflijker	gerieflijk:a
gerieflijkst	gerieflijk:a
gerieflijke	gerieflijk:a
gerieflijkere	gerieflijk:a
gerieflijkste	gerieflijk:a
geriefelijk	gerieflijk:a
kopvallingen	kopvalling:n
kopvallinkje	kopvalling:n
kopvallingske	kopvalling:n
snotvallingen	snotvalling:n
snotvallingetje	snotvalling:n
snotvallinkje	snotvalling:n
overrompelingen	overrompeling:n
overrompelingetje	overrompeling:n
overrompelinkje	overrompeling:n
overrompel	overrompelen:v
overrompelde	overrompelen:v
overrompelt	overrompelen:v
overrompelden	overrompelen:v
overrompelend	overrompelen:v
overrompeld	overrompelen:v
soldeer	solderen:v
soldeerde	solderen:v
soldeert	solderen:v
soldeerden	solderen:v
solderend	solderen:v
gesoldeerd	solderen:v
opschaar	opscharen:v
opschaarde	opscharen:v
opschaart	opscharen:v
opschaarden	opscharen:v
opscharend	opscharen:v
opgeschaard	opscharen:v
dikkenekken	dikkenek:n
dikkenekje	dikkenek:n
suskes	suske:n
mannekesbladen	mannekesblad:n
mannekesblaadje	mannekesblad:n
verspreidingsgebieden	verspreidingsgebied:n
verspreidingsgebiedje	verspreidingsgebied:n
onthaalmoeders	onthaalmoeder:n
onthaalmoedertje	onthaalmoeder:n
onthaalmoederken	onthaalmoeder:n
ontluis	ontluizen:v
ontluisde	ontluizen:v
ontluist	ontluizen:v
ontluisden	ontluizen:v
ontluizend	ontluizen:v
ontluisd	ontluizen:v
dodentollen	dodentol:n
gunstelingen	gunsteling:n
gunstelingetje	gunsteling:n
aanbel	aanbellen:v
aanbelde	aanbellen:v
aanbelt	aanbellen:v
aanbelden	aanbellen:v
aanbellend	aanbellen:v
aangebeld	aanbellen:v
aanschel	aanschellen:v
aanschelde	aanschellen:v
aanschelt	aanschellen:v
aanschelden	aanschellen:v
aanschellend	aanschellen:v
aangescheld	aanschellen:v
adderengebroed	addergebroed:n
actiehandelaars	actiehandelaar:n
actiehandelaren	actiehandelaar:n
actiehandelaartje	actiehandelaar:n
bakbeesten	bakbeest:n
bakbeestje	bakbeest:n
belach	belachen:v
belachte	belachen:v
belacht	belachen:v
belachten	belachen:v
belachend	belachen:v
afwind	afwinden:v
afwond	afwinden:v
afwindt	afwinden:v
afwonden	afwinden:v
afwindend	afwinden:v
afgewonden	afwinden:v
alvleesklieren	alvleesklier:n
alvleeskliertje	alvleesklier:n
alvlezen	alvlees:n
artsenijen	artsenij:n
plofkraken	plofkraak:n
plofkraakje	plofkraak:n
chloorkippen	chloorkip:n
chloorkipje	chloorkip:n
chloorkippetje	chloorkip:n
debieler	debiel:a
debielst	debiel:a
debiele	debiel:a
debielere	debiel:a
debielste	debiel:a
debielen	debiel:n
debieltje	debiel:n
lappendekens	lappendeken:n
lappendekentje	lappendeken:n
bivakkeer	bivakkeren:v
bivakkeerde	bivakkeren:v
bivakkeert	bivakkeren:v
bivakkeerden	bivakkeren:v
bivakkerend	bivakkeren:v
gebivakkeerd	bivakkeren:v
woorddelen	woorddeel:n
woorddeeltje	woorddeel:n
morfemen	morfeem:n
morfeempje	morfeem:n
fonemen	foneem:n
foneempje	foneem:n
grafemen	grafeem:n
grafeempje	grafeem:n
lexemen	lexeem:n
lexeempje	lexeem:n
versnipperingen	versnippering:n
beijverden	beijveren:v
beijver	beijveren:v
beijverde	beijveren:v
beijvert	beijveren:v
beijverend	beijveren:v
beijverd	beijveren:v
heropgericht	heroprichten:v
kamerleden	kamerlid:n
kamerlidje	kamerlid:n
middelgrote	middelgroot:a
prinsbisdommen	prinsbisdom:n
prinsbisdommetje	prinsbisdom:n
prins-bisschoppen	prins-bisschop:n
prins-bisschopje	prins-bisschop:n
vorst-bisschoppen	vorst-bisschop:n
vorst-bisschopje	vorst-bisschop:n
vorstbisdommen	vorstbisdom:n
vorstbisdommetje	vorstbisdom:n
hartsvriendinnen	hartsvriendin:n
hartsvriendinnetje	hartsvriendin:n
vriendinneke	vriendin:n
bollekes	bolleke:n
bollekestrui	bolletjestrui:n
rittenwedstrijden	rittenwedstrijd:n
rittenwedstrijdje	rittenwedstrijd:n
grondstoffen	grondstof:n
grondstofje	grondstof:n
voorttrek	voorttrekken:v
voorttrok	voorttrekken:v
voorttrekt	voorttrekken:v
voorttrokken	voorttrekken:v
voorttrekkend	voorttrekken:v
voortgetrokken	voorttrekken:v
fluteglazen	fluteglas:n
fluteglaasje	fluteglas:n
fluteglasje	fluteglas:n
onderverdelingen	onderverdeling:n
onderverdelinkje	onderverdeling:n
tolheffingen	tolheffing:n
tolheffinkje	tolheffing:n
watervlakten	watervlakte:n
watervlaktes	watervlakte:n
watervlaktetje	watervlakte:n
schutterijen	schutterij:n
kerkkoren	kerkkoor:n
kerkkoortje	kerkkoor:n
bronnentalen	bronnentaal:n
inergatieve	inergatief:a
mijnstreken	mijnstreek:n
mijnstreekje	mijnstreek:n
nieuwgepensioneerden	nieuwgepensioneerde:n
onderhorigen	onderhorige:n
opdelingen	opdeling:n
rendabeler	rendabel:a
rendabelst	rendabel:a
rendabele	rendabel:a
rendabelere	rendabel:a
rendabelste	rendabel:a
staatsmijnen	staatsmijn:n
sleeptonen	sleeptoon:n
stoottonen	stoottoon:n
leemsoorten	leemsoort:n
bewindvoerders	bewindvoerder:n
doddel	doddelen:v
doddelde	doddelen:v
doddelt	doddelen:v
doddelden	doddelen:v
doddelend	doddelen:v
gedoddeld	doddelen:v
azijnpissers	azijnpisser:n
azijnpissertje	azijnpisser:n
bergklassementen	bergklassement:n
aanhouders	aanhouder:n
voortsleep	voortslepen:v
voortsleepte	voortslepen:v
voortsleept	voortslepen:v
voortsleepten	voortslepen:v
voortslepend	voortslepen:v
voortgesleept	voortslepen:v
paltsen	palts:n
paltsje	palts:n
bierglazen	bierglas:n
bierglaasje	bierglas:n
randdebielen	randdebiel:n
randdebieltje	randdebiel:n
koehandel	koeienhandel:n
koehandels	koehandel:n
koehandeltje	koehandel:n
beduimel	beduimelen:v
beduimelde	beduimelen:v
beduimelt	beduimelen:v
beduimelden	beduimelen:v
beduimelend	beduimelen:v
beduimeld	beduimelen:v
bedkamers	bedkamer:n
bedkamertje	bedkamer:n
stuurhuizen	stuurhuis:n
stuurhuisje	stuurhuis:n
bakhuizen	bakhuis:n
bakhuisje	bakhuis:n
bakhuis	bakkes:n
duimmuizen	duimmuis:n
afhaalrestaurants	afhaalrestaurant:n
afhaalrestauranten	afhaalrestaurant:n
afhaalrestaurantje	afhaalrestaurant:n
meeneemrestaurants	meeneemrestaurant:n
meeneemrestauranten	meeneemrestaurant:n
meeneemrestaurantje	meeneemrestaurant:n
afdijk	afdijken:v
afdijkte	afdijken:v
afdijkt	afdijken:v
afdijkten	afdijken:v
afdijkend	afdijken:v
afgedijkt	afdijken:v
bedil	bedillen:v
bedilde	bedillen:v
bedilt	bedillen:v
bedilden	bedillen:v
bedillend	bedillen:v
bedild	bedillen:v
betuttel	betuttelen:v
betuttelde	betuttelen:v
betuttelt	betuttelen:v
betuttelden	betuttelen:v
betuttelend	betuttelen:v
betutteld	betuttelen:v
bedilals	bedilal:n
bedilallen	bedilal:n
bedilalletje	bedilal:n
albedils	albedil:n
albedillen	albedil:n
albedilletje	albedil:n
loerissen	loeris:n
loerisje	loeris:n
tampeloeris	tampeloeres:n
koetsiersglazen	koetsiersglas:n
koetsiersglaasje	koetsiersglas:n
koetsiers	koetsier:n
koetsiertje	koetsier:n
afgodische	afgodisch:a
aanbrul	aanbrullen:v
aanbrulde	aanbrullen:v
aanbrult	aanbrullen:v
aanbrulden	aanbrullen:v
aanbrullend	aanbrullen:v
aangebruld	aanbrullen:v
driestelingen	driesteling:n
trijpt	trijp:n
sprooksprekers	sprookspreker:n
sprooksprekertje	sprookspreker:n
zinnespelen	zinnespel:n
zinnespelletje	zinnespel:n
aftroggel	aftroggelen:v
aftroggelde	aftroggelen:v
aftroggelt	aftroggelen:v
aftroggelden	aftroggelen:v
aftroggelend	aftroggelen:v
afgetroggeld	aftroggelen:v
stresskonijnen	stresskonijn:n
stresskonijntje	stresskonijn:n
aftotter	aftotteren:v
aftotterde	aftotteren:v
aftottert	aftotteren:v
aftotterden	aftotteren:v
aftotterend	aftotteren:v
afgetotterd	aftotteren:v
uitgum	uitgummen:v
uitgumde	uitgummen:v
uitgumt	uitgummen:v
uitgumden	uitgummen:v
uitgummend	uitgummen:v
uitgegumd	uitgummen:v
Nederlandsch	Nederlands:a
Nederlansch	Nederlands:a
bezwaarschriften	bezwaarschrift:n
bleitsmoelen	bleitsmoel:n
zevers	zever:n
linzen	linze:n
linsje	linze:n
pijltjesmethodes	pijltjesmethode:n
pijltjesmethoden	pijltjesmethode:n
mijnwetten	mijnwet:n
mijnwetje	mijnwet:n
strijdperken	strijdperk:n
strijdperkje	strijdperk:n
perk	perken:v
perkte	perken:v
perkt	perken:v
perkten	perken:v
perkend	perken:v
geperkt	perken:v
insnij	insnijden:v
insnijd	insnijden:v
insneed	insnijden:v
insnijdt	insnijden:v
insneden	insnijden:v
insnijdend	insnijden:v
ingesneden	insnijden:v
geboorterechten	geboorterecht:n
geboorterechtje	geboorterecht:n
eerstgeboorterechten	eerstgeboorterecht:n
breinbazen	breinbaas:n
breinbaasje	breinbaas:n
chemieconcerns	chemieconcern:n
chemieconcerntje	chemieconcern:n
botervlieghe	botervlieg:n
herfsttijen	herfsttij:n
herfsttijden	herfsttij:n|herfsttijd:n
achterhoeden	achterhoede:n
achterhoedes	achterhoede:n
achterhoedegevechten	achterhoedegevecht:n
achterhoedegevechtje	achterhoedegevecht:n
denkramen	denkraam:n
denkraampje	denkraam:n
aanbeginnetje	aanbegin:n
drukpersen	drukpers:n
drukpersje	drukpers:n
stijgbeugels	stijgbeugel:n
stijgbeugeltje	stijgbeugel:n
scheetjes	scheetje:n
kaskrakers	kaskraker:n
kaskrakertje	kaskraker:n
hypergetto's	hypergetto:n
brievenbusfirma's	brievenbusfirma:n
brievenbusfirmaatje	brievenbusfirma:n
Beire	Albert:m
rammelingen	rammeling:n
aandachtsstoornissen	aandachtsstoornis:n
aandachtsstoornisje	aandachtsstoornis:n
zakkenvullers	zakkenvuller:n
zakkenvullertje	zakkenvuller:n
zwans	zwanzen:v
zwansde	zwanzen:v
zwanst	zwanzen:v
zwansden	zwanzen:v
zwanzend	zwanzen:v
gezwansd	zwanzen:v
atoombommen	atoombom:n
atoombommetje	atoombom:n
esterlingh	esterling:n
enghels	engels:n
ynghels	engels:n
apothekersponden	apothekerspond:n
apothekerspondje	apothekerspond:n
milieubewuster	milieubewust:a
milieubewuste	milieubewust:a
sleurhutten	sleurhut:n
sleurhutje	sleurhut:n
sleur	sleuren:v
sleurde	sleuren:v
sleurt	sleuren:v
sleurden	sleuren:v
sleurend	sleuren:v
gesleurd	sleuren:v
infrastructurele	infrastructureel:a
nutsbedrijven	nutsbedrijf:n
nutsbedrijfje	nutsbedrijf:n
windmolenparken	windmolenpark:n
windmolenparkje	windmolenpark:n
klimaatwetten	klimaatwet:n
klimaatwetje	klimaatwet:n
Olympiajollen	Olympiajol:n
Olympiajolletje	Olympiajol:n
provianden	proviand:n
mondvoorraden	mondvoorraad:n
mondvoorraadje	mondvoorraad:n
oponthouden	oponthoud:n
oponthoudje	oponthoud:n
schijnwerpers	schijnwerper:n
schijnwerpertje	schijnwerper:n
werpers	werper:n
werpertje	werper:n
eeuwfeesten	eeuwfeest:n
eeuwfeestje	eeuwfeest:n
kaatsspellen	kaatsspel:n
kaatsspelen	kaatsspel:n
kaatsspelletje	kaatsspel:n
kernsplijtingen	kernsplijting:n
kernsplijtinkje	kernsplijting:n
blokhutten	blokhut:n
blokhutje	blokhut:n
boterschijten	boterschijte:n
boterschijtetje	boterschijte:n
stresskippen	stresskip:n
stresskippetje	stresskip:n
inreisverboden	inreisverbod:n
inreisverbodje	inreisverbod:n
etnologes	etnologe:n
echtbreeksters	echtbreekster:n
echtbreekstertje	echtbreekster:n
muurdammen	muurdam:n
muurdammetje	muurdam:n
penantspiegels	penantspiegel:n
penantspiegeltje	penantspiegel:n
ideaalbeelden	ideaalbeeld:n
ideaalbeeldje	ideaalbeeld:n
valschermen	valscherm:n
valschermpje	valscherm:n
speciaalstudies	speciaalstudie:n
speciaalstudietje	speciaalstudie:n
speciaal-studie	speciaalstudie:n
hoogbouwen	hoogbouw:n
hoogbouwtje	hoogbouw:n
schaambergen	schaamberg:n
schaambergje	schaamberg:n
schaamheuvels	schaamheuvel:n
schaamheuveltje	schaamheuvel:n
venusheuvels	venusheuvel:n
venusheuveltje	venusheuvel:n
asch	as:n
aanhecht	aanhechten:v
aanhechtte	aanhechten:v
aanhechtten	aanhechten:v
aanhechtend	aanhechten:v
aangehecht	aanhechten:v
spog	spuug:n
achtbenige	achtbenig:a
slippendragers	slippendrager:n
slippendragertje	slippendrager:n
alcoholsloten	alcoholslot:n
alcoholslotje	alcoholslot:n
knoeps	knoepsen:v
knoepste	knoepsen:v
knoepst	knoepsen:v
knoepsten	knoepsen:v
knoepsend	knoepsen:v
geknoepst	knoepsen:v
moef	mof:n
moefen	moef:n
moefke	moef:n
rekeningnummers	rekeningnummer:n
rekeningnummertje	rekeningnummer:n
muntsoorten	muntsoort:n
muntsoortje	muntsoort:n
ontvangers	ontvanger:n
ontvangertje	ontvanger:n
ravot	ravotten:v
ravotte	ravotten:v
ravottend	ravotten:v
geravot	ravotten:v
verzuchtingen	verzuchting:n
verzuchtinkje	verzuchting:n
smoskes	smoske:n
onzalige	onzalig:a
onzaliger	onzalig:a
onzaligst	onzalig:a
smeir	smeer:n
aframmel	aframmelen:v
aframmelde	aframmelen:v
aframmelt	aframmelen:v
aframmelden	aframmelen:v
aframmelend	aframmelen:v
afgerammeld	aframmelen:v
habbekratsen	habbekrats:n
habbekratsje	habbekrats:n
klankborden	klankbord:n
klankbordje	klankbord:n
mismeester	mismeesteren:v
mismeesterde	mismeesteren:v
mismeestert	mismeesteren:v
mismeesterden	mismeesteren:v
mismeesterend	mismeesteren:v
mismeesterd	mismeesteren:v
handenvol	handvol:n
mochel	mochelen:v
mochelde	mochelen:v
mochelt	mochelen:v
mochelden	mochelen:v
mochelend	mochelen:v
gemocheld	mochelen:v
doodleuke	doodleuk:a
afdonder	afdonderen:v
afdonderde	afdonderen:v
afdondert	afdonderen:v
afdonderden	afdonderen:v
afdonderend	afdonderen:v
afgedonderd	afdonderen:v
begooi	begooien:v
begooide	begooien:v
begooit	begooien:v
begooiden	begooien:v
begooiend	begooien:v
begooid	begooien:v
beenbrekers	beenbreker:n
beenbrekertje	beenbreker:n
wintermaanden	wintermaand:n
wintermaandje	wintermaand:n
mercuren	mercuur:n
mercuurtje	mercuur:n
kunstschilderessen	kunstschilderes:n
kunstschilderesje	kunstschilderes:n
zeep	zepen:v|zijpen:v
zeepte	zepen:v
zeept	zepen:v
zeepten	zepen:v
zepend	zepen:v
gezeept	zepen:v
zeepjes	zeepje:n
stillevens	stilleven:n
stilleventje	stilleven:n
jachtstukken	jachtstuk:n
jachtstukje	jachtstuk:n
pronkstillevens	pronkstilleven:n
pronkstilleventje	pronkstilleven:n
jachtklokken	jachtklok:n
jachtklokje	jachtklok:n
Asschepoester	Assepoester:m
tintelfrisser	tintelfris:a
tintelfrist	tintelfris:a
tintelfrisse	tintelfris:a
tintelfrissere	tintelfris:a
tintelfriste	tintelfris:a
sneeuwleeuwen	sneeuwleeuw:n
sneeuwleeuwtje	sneeuwleeuw:n
sneeuwpanters	sneeuwpanter:n
sneeuwpantertje	sneeuwpanter:n
sneeuwluipaarden	sneeuwluipaard:n
sneeuwluipaardje	sneeuwluipaard:n
sneeuwkettingen	sneeuwketting:n
sneeuwkettinkje	sneeuwketting:n
Sneeuwwitjes	Sneeuwwitje:n
sneeuwvlooien	sneeuwvlo:n
sneeuwvlootje	sneeuwvlo:n
sneeuwvlooitje	sneeuwvlo:n
sneeuwuilen	sneeuwuil:n
sneeuwuiltje	sneeuwuil:n
sneeuwmuizen	sneeuwmuis:n
sneeuwmuisje	sneeuwmuis:n
sneeuwberen	sneeuwbeer:n
sneeuwbeertje	sneeuwbeer:n
sneeuwhutten	sneeuwhut:n
sneeuwhutje	sneeuwhut:n
sneeuwploegen	sneeuwploeg:n
sneeuwploegje	sneeuwploeg:n
sneeuwhasen	sneeuwhaas:n
sneeuwhaasje	sneeuwhaas:n
sneeuwhazen	sneeuwhaas:n
sneeuwmuggen	sneeuwmug:n
sneeuwmugje	sneeuwmug:n
sneeuwfrezen	sneeuwfrees:n
sneeuwfreesje	sneeuwfrees:n
sneeuwwoestijnen	sneeuwwoestijn:n
sneeuwwoestijntje	sneeuwwoestijn:n
bedenkers	bedenker:n
bedenkertje	bedenker:n
podiumbeesten	podiumbeest:n
podiumbeestje	podiumbeest:n
vit	vitten:v
vitte	vitten:v
vittend	vitten:v
gevit	vitten:v
sneeuwkronen	sneeuwkroon:n
sneeuwkroontje	sneeuwkroon:n
sneeuwhozen	sneeuwhoos:n
sneeuwhoosje	sneeuwhoos:n
sneeuwschoenen	sneeuwschoen:n
sneeuwschoentje	sneeuwschoen:n
sneeuwankers	sneeuwanker:n
sneeuwankertje	sneeuwanker:n
sneeuwbuien	sneeuwbui:n
sneeuwbuitje	sneeuwbui:n
sneeuwloze	sneeuwloos:a
sneeuwachtiger	sneeuwachtig:a
sneeuwachtigst	sneeuwachtig:a
sneeuwachtige	sneeuwachtig:a
sneeuwachtigere	sneeuwachtig:a
sneeuwachtigste	sneeuwachtig:a
sneeuwblinde	sneeuwblind:a
lasterlijker	lasterlijk:a
lasterlijkst	lasterlijk:a
lasterlijke	lasterlijk:a
lasterlijkere	lasterlijk:a
lasterlijkste	lasterlijk:a
muggenzifters	muggenzifter:n
muggenziftertje	muggenzifter:n
oproeriger	oproerig:a
oproerigst	oproerig:a
oproerige	oproerig:a
oproerigere	oproerig:a
oproerigste	oproerig:a
moerdijken	moerdijk:n
moerdijkje	moerdijk:n
steuntrekkers	steuntrekker:n
steuntrekkertje	steuntrekker:n
zavels	zavel:n
zaveltje	zavel:n
benodigdheden	benodigdheid:n
benodigdheidje	benodigdheid:n
sluiprouten	sluiproute:n
sluiproutes	sluiproute:n
neuzen-neuzen	neuzeneuzen:v
domiciliëringen	domiciliëring:n
Janssen	Jansen:m
sociaaldemocraten	sociaaldemocraat:n
sociaaldemocraatje	sociaaldemocraat:n
christendemocraten	christendemocraat:n
christendemocraatje	christendemocraat:n
sneeuwbal	sneeuwballen:v
sneeuwbalde	sneeuwballen:v
sneeuwbalt	sneeuwballen:v
sneeuwbalden	sneeuwballen:v
sneeuwballend	sneeuwballen:v
gesneeuwbald	sneeuwballen:v
fusioneer	fusioneren:v
fusioneerde	fusioneren:v
fusioneert	fusioneren:v
fusioneerden	fusioneren:v
fusionerend	fusioneren:v
gefusioneerd	fusioneren:v
milieutaksen	milieutaks:n
milieutaksje	milieutaks:n
milieubelastingen	milieubelasting:n
milieubelastinkje	milieubelasting:n
milieuheffingen	milieuheffing:n
milieuheffinkje	milieuheffing:n
schutkringen	schutkring:n
schutkringetje	schutkring:n
schutkleuren	schutkleur:n
schutkleurtje	schutkleur:n
kraambedden	kraambed:n
kraambedje	kraambed:n
schapers	schaper:n
schapertje	schaper:n
schepers	scheper:n
schepertje	scheper:n
homonationalismes	homonationalisme:n
homonationalismen	homonationalisme:n
erfvijanden	erfvijand:n
bijbedoelingen	bijbedoeling:n
bijbedoelinkje	bijbedoeling:n
berenleiders	berenleider:n
berenleidertje	berenleider:n
durflozer	durfloos:a
durfloost	durfloos:a
durfloze	durfloos:a
durflozere	durfloos:a
durflooste	durfloos:a
veldspaten	veldspaat:n
spaten	spaat:n
SS'ers	SS'er:n
SS'ertje	SS'er:n
weldoorvoede	weldoorvoed:a
hangjongeren	hangjongere:n
aanzijns	aanzijn:n
grimmel	grimmelen:v
grimmelde	grimmelen:v
grimmelt	grimmelen:v
grimmelden	grimmelen:v
grimmelend	grimmelen:v
gegrimmeld	grimmelen:v
moeljes	moelje:n
bosbranden	bosbrand:n
bosbrandje	bosbrand:n
kladschilders	kladschilder:n
kladschildertje	kladschilder:n
louwen	louw:n
louwtje	louw:n
huizenbezitters	huizenbezitter:n
huizenbezittertje	huizenbezitter:n
huisvredebreuken	huisvredebreuk:n
botbreuken	botbreuk:n
botbreukje	botbreuk:n
hoefijzermeren	hoefijzermeer:n
hoefijzermeertje	hoefijzermeer:n
hartenpijnen	hartenpijn:n
hartenpijntje	hartenpijn:n
geleiwieren	geleiwier:n
geleiwiertje	geleiwier:n
vermakelijker	vermakelijk:a
vermakelijkst	vermakelijk:a
vermakelijke	vermakelijk:a
vermakelijkere	vermakelijk:a
vermakelijkste	vermakelijk:a
cultuurtalen	cultuurtaal:n
cultuurtaaltje	cultuurtaal:n
ijsschotsen	ijsschots:n
ijsschotsje	ijsschots:n
ysschots	ijsschots:n
koeiensappen	koeiensap:n
ijsschollen	ijsschol:n
ijsscholletje	ijsschol:n
artistiekelingen	artistiekeling:n
artistiekelingetje	artistiekeling:n
bordeelsluipers	bordeelsluiper:n
bordeelsluipertje	bordeelsluiper:n
profijtelijker	profijtelijk:a
profijtelijkst	profijtelijk:a
profijtelijke	profijtelijk:a
profijtelijkere	profijtelijk:a
profijtelijkste	profijtelijk:a
defaitisten	defaitist:n
defaitistje	defaitist:n
aanwassen	aanwas:n
aanjuich	aanjuichen:v
aanjuichte	aanjuichen:v
aanjuicht	aanjuichen:v
aanjuichten	aanjuichen:v
aanjuichend	aanjuichen:v
aangejuicht	aanjuichen:v
appelteven	appelteef:n
appelteefje	appelteef:n
appelspijzen	appelspijs:n
appelspijsje	appelspijs:n
appelboomgaarden	appelboomgaard:n
appelboomgaardje	appelboomgaard:n
appelaars	appelaar:n
appelaren	appelaar:n
appelaartje	appelaar:n
apenbakkessen	apenbakkes:n
apenbakkesje	apenbakkes:n
apenbakhuis	apenbakkes:n
belgzieker	belgziek:a
belgziekst	belgziek:a
belgzieke	belgziek:a
belgziekere	belgziek:a
belgziekste	belgziek:a
belastingdrukken	belastingdruk:n
secondjes	secondje:n
benedensteden	benedenstad:n
benedenstadje	benedenstad:n
beolie	beoliën:v
beoliede	beoliën:v
beoliet	beoliën:v
beolieden	beoliën:v
beoliënd	beoliën:v
beolied	beoliën:v
smijdiger	smijdig:a
smijdigst	smijdig:a
smijdige	smijdig:a
smijdigere	smijdig:a
smijdigste	smijdig:a
buitenmaatschappelijker	buitenmaatschappelijk:a
buitenmaatschappelijkst	buitenmaatschappelijk:a
buitenmaatschappelijke	buitenmaatschappelijk:a
buitenmaatschappelijkere	buitenmaatschappelijk:a
buitenmaatschappelijkste	buitenmaatschappelijk:a
leugenachtiger	leugenachtig:a
leugenachtigst	leugenachtig:a
leugenachtige	leugenachtig:a
leugenachtigere	leugenachtig:a
leugenachtigste	leugenachtig:a
schijfremmen	schijfrem:n
schijfremmetje	schijfrem:n
aâm	adem:n
windmolengevechten	windmolengevecht:n
windmolengevechtje	windmolengevecht:n
aanschreeuw	aanschreeuwen:v
aanschreeuwde	aanschreeuwen:v
aanschreeuwt	aanschreeuwen:v
aanschreeuwden	aanschreeuwen:v
aanschreeuwend	aanschreeuwen:v
aangeschreeuwd	aanschreeuwen:v
afgodinnen	afgodin:n
afgodinnetje	afgodin:n
afgoderijen	afgoderij:n
afgoderijtje	afgoderij:n
afgodige	afgodig:a
nieuwsgaringen	nieuwsgaring:n
nieuwsgarinkje	nieuwsgaring:n
afgodsbeelden	afgodsbeeld:n
afgodsbeeldje	afgodsbeeld:n
godenbeelden	godenbeeld:n
godenbeeldje	godenbeeld:n
graanschuren	graanschuur:n
graanschuurtje	graanschuur:n
afgodslangen	afgodslang:n
afgodslangetje	afgodslang:n
tapijtslangen	tapijtslang:n
tapijtslangetje	tapijtslang:n
afgodsslang	afgodslang:n
weerzinwekkender	weerzinwekkend:a
weerzinwekkendst	weerzinwekkend:a
weerzinwekkende	weerzinwekkend:a
weerzinwekkendere	weerzinwekkend:a
weerzinwekkendste	weerzinwekkend:a
aversies	aversie:n
aversietje	aversie:n
onopgeleide	onopgeleid:a
zelfredzamer	zelfredzaam:a
zelfredzaamst	zelfredzaam:a
zeldredzamer	zelfredzaam:a
zeldredzame	zelfredzaam:a
zeldredzamere	zelfredzaam:a
zelfredzaamste	zelfredzaam:a
voorzienige	voorzienig:a
vogelvrije	vogelvrij:a
vogelvrijer	vogelvrij:a
vogelvrijst	vogelvrij:a
vogelvrijere	vogelvrij:a
vogelvrijste	vogelvrij:a
vooronderstelling	veronderstelling:n
aanblaf	aanblaffen:v
aanblafte	aanblaffen:v
aanblaft	aanblaffen:v
aanblaften	aanblaffen:v
aanblaffend	aanblaffen:v
aangeblaft	aanblaffen:v
aanbaffen	aanblaffen:v
bledders	bledder:n
bleddertje	bledder:n
dubbels	dubbel:a
verdwijnhoekjes	verdwijnhoekje:n
letterbakken	letterbak:n
letterbakje	letterbak:n
mischien	misschien:d
menswaardiger	menswaardig:a
menswaardigst	menswaardig:a
menswaardige	menswaardig:a
menswaardigere	menswaardig:a
menswaardigste	menswaardig:a
geboeftes	geboefte:n
geboeften	geboefte:n
boeventalen	boeventaal:n
boeventaaltje	boeventaal:n
villasubsidies	villasubsidie:n
villasubsidietje	villasubsidie:n
mensensmokkelaars	mensensmokkelaar:n
mensensmokkelaartje	mensensmokkelaar:n
smokkelaars	smokkelaar:n
smokkelaren	smokkelaar:n
smokkelaartje	smokkelaar:n
narrenschepen	narrenschip:n
narrenscheepje	narrenschip:n
oorlogsschepen	oorlogsschip:n
oorlogsscheepje	oorlogsschip:n
raderschepen	raderschip:n
raderscheepje	raderschip:n
raderboten	raderboot:n
raderbootje	raderboot:n
bierkelders	bierkelder:n
bierkeldertje	bierkelder:n
keldermotten	keldermot:n
keldermotje	keldermot:n
hoekbanken	hoekbank:n
hoekbankje	hoekbank:n
slaapbanken	slaapbank:n
slaapbankje	slaapbank:n
bijvrouwen	bijvrouw:n
bijvrouwtje	bijvrouw:n
bijwijven	bijwijf:n
bijwijfje	bijwijf:n
bijzitten	bijzit:n
bijzitje	bijzit:n
bijzit	bijzitten:v
bijzat	bijzitten:v
bijzaten	bijzitten:v
bijzittend	bijzitten:v
bijgegezeten	bijzitten:v
drukkerijen	drukkerij:n
drukkerijtje	drukkerij:n
aandachtje	aandacht:n
aandagt	aandacht:n
aendacht	aandacht:n
aendagt	aandacht:n
e-snaren	e-snaar:n
e-snaartje	e-snaar:n
bijzitters	bijzitter:n
bijzittertje	bijzitter:n
bijzitsters	bijzitster:n
bijzitstertje	bijzitster:n
energiezuiniger	energiezuinig:a
energiezuinigst	energiezuinig:a
energiezuinige	energiezuinig:a
energiezuinigere	energiezuinig:a
energiezuinigste	energiezuinig:a
ontmythologiseer	ontmythologiseren:v
ontmythologiseerde	ontmythologiseren:v
ontmythologiseert	ontmythologiseren:v
ontmythologiseerden	ontmythologiseren:v
ontmythologiserend	ontmythologiseren:v
ontmythologiseerd	ontmythologiseren:v
klassenstrijden	klassenstrijd:n
klassenstrijdje	klassenstrijd:n
leenwoordenschatten	leenwoordenschat:n
biesbossen	biesbos:n
biesbosje	biesbos:n
bierpensen	bierpens:n
bierpensje	bierpens:n
biertonnen	bierton:n
biertonnetje	bierton:n
biervaten	biervat:n
biervaatje	biervat:n
bietebauwen	bietebauw:n
bietebauwtje	bietebauw:n
muurvarkens	muurvarken:n
muurvarkentje	muurvarken:n
kelderzeugen	kelderzeug:n
kelderzeugje	kelderzeug:n
varkensbeesten	varkensbeest:n
varkensbeestje	varkensbeest:n
steenmotten	steenmot:n
steenmotje	steenmot:n
appelgroene	appelgroen:a
dennenappels	dennenappel:n
dennenappeltje	dennenappel:n
denneappel	dennenappel:n
appelwijnen	appelwijn:n
appelwijntje	appelwijn:n
scherprechters	scherprechter:n
scherprechtertje	scherprechter:n
appelciders	appelcider:n
appelcidertje	appelcider:n
beminnaars	beminnaar:n
beminnaartje	beminnaar:n
afgodessen	afgodes:n
afgodesje	afgodes:n
afglij	afglijden:v
afglijd	afglijden:v
afgleed	afglijden:v
afglijdt	afglijden:v
afgleden	afglijden:v
afglijdend	afglijden:v
afgegleden	afglijden:v
makelijen	makelij:n
gebruiksvriendelijker	gebruiksvriendelijk:a
gebruiksvriendelijkst	gebruiksvriendelijk:a
gebruiksvriendelijke	gebruiksvriendelijk:a
gebruiksvriendelijkere	gebruiksvriendelijk:a
gebruiksvriendelijkste	gebruiksvriendelijk:a
gebruikersvriendelijker	gebruikersvriendelijk:a
gebruikersvriendelijkst	gebruikersvriendelijk:a
gebruikersvriendelijke	gebruikersvriendelijk:a
gebruikersvriendelijkere	gebruikersvriendelijk:a
gebruikersvriendelijkste	gebruikersvriendelijk:a
gebruiksonvriendelijker	gebruiksonvriendelijk:a
gebruiksonvriendelijkst	gebruiksonvriendelijk:a
gebruiksonvriendelijke	gebruiksonvriendelijk:a
gebruiksonvriendelijkere	gebruiksonvriendelijk:a
gebruiksonvriendelijkste	gebruiksonvriendelijk:a
gebruikersonvriendelijker	gebruikersonvriendelijk:a
gebruikersonvriendelijkst	gebruikersonvriendelijk:a
gebruikersonvriendelijke	gebruikersonvriendelijk:a
gebruikersonvriendelijkere	gebruikersonvriendelijk:a
gebruikersonvriendelijkste	gebruikersonvriendelijk:a
paardansen	paardans:n
paardansje	paardans:n
parendansen	parendans:n
parendansje	parendans:n
paringsdansen	paringsdans:n
paringsdansje	paringsdans:n
retireer	retireren:v
retireerde	retireren:v
retireert	retireren:v
retireerden	retireren:v
retirerend	retireren:v
geretireerd	retireren:v
retireeren	retireren:v
Bijltjes	Bijltje:n
zelfselecties	zelfselectie:n
boziger	bozig:a
bozigst	bozig:a
waterraven	waterraaf:n
waterraafje	waterraaf:n
gasrotondes	gasrotonde:n
gasrotonden	gasrotonde:n
verduurzaam	verduurzamen:v
verduurzaamde	verduurzamen:v
verduurzaamt	verduurzamen:v
verduurzaamden	verduurzamen:v
verduurzamend	verduurzamen:v
verduurzaamd	verduurzamen:v
lullificaties	lullificatie:n
oetlullen	oetlul:n
oetlulletje	oetlul:n
Boeginese	Boeginees:a
kaalslagen	kaalslag:n
boevengildes	boevengilde:n
boevengilden	boevengilde:n
gildige	gildig:a
gildehuizen	gildehuis:n
gildehuisje	gildehuis:n
gildenhuis	gildehuis:n
gildemeesters	gildemeester:n
gildenmeester	gildemeester:n
olijfboomcoalities	olijfboomcoalitie:n
olijfboomcoalitietje	olijfboomcoalitie:n
medezeggenschapsraden	medezeggenschapsraad:n
rexisten	rexist:n
rexistje	rexist:n
zakenbanken	zakenbank:n
zakenbankje	zakenbank:n
aanvoerlijnen	aanvoerlijn:n
aanvoerlijntje	aanvoerlijn:n
aardvruchten	aardvrucht:n
aardvruchtje	aardvrucht:n
boekenvrienden	boekenvriend:n
boekenvriendje	boekenvriend:n
onbesuisde	onbesuisd:a
achtpotige	achtpotig:a
oplages	oplage:n
oplagetje	oplage:n
schepels	schepel:n
schepeltje	schepel:n
peigere	peiger:a
peiger	peigeren:v
peigerde	peigeren:v
peigert	peigeren:v
peigerden	peigeren:v
peigerend	peigeren:v
gepeigerd	peigeren:v
afpeiger	afpeigeren:v
afpeigerde	afpeigeren:v
afpeigert	afpeigeren:v
afpeigerden	afpeigeren:v
afpeigerend	afpeigeren:v
afgepeigerd	afpeigeren:v
aanbesterf	aanbesterven:v
aanbestierf	aanbesterven:v
aanbesterft	aanbesterven:v
aanbestierven	aanbesterven:v
aanbestervend	aanbesterven:v
aanbestorven	aanbesterven:v
belik	belikken:v
belikte	belikken:v
belikt	belikken:v
belikten	belikken:v
belikkend	belikken:v
anciënniteiten	anciënniteit:n
systeemfouten	systeemfout:n
systeemfoutje	systeemfout:n
kwaakscholen	kwaakschool:n
kwaakschooltje	kwaakschool:n
voetangels	voetangel:n
voetangelen	voetangel:n
voetangeltje	voetangel:n
kraaienpoten	kraaienpoot:n
kraaienpootje	kraaienpoot:n
kraaienpootjes	kraaienpootje:n
baanboeven	baanboef:n
baanboefje	baanboef:n
ganzenborden	ganzenbord:n
ganzenbordje	ganzenbord:n
krenten	krent:n
krentje	krent:n
gietvormen	gietvorm:n
gietvormpje	gietvorm:n
luchtdrukdeuren	luchtdrukdeur:n
luchtdrukdeurtje	luchtdrukdeur:n
gaggel	gaggelen:v
gaggelde	gaggelen:v
gaggelt	gaggelen:v
gaggelden	gaggelen:v
gaggelend	gaggelen:v
gegaggeld	gaggelen:v
elpendieren	elpendier:n
elpendiertje	elpendier:n
druksluizen	druksluis:n
springpakken	springpak:n
springpakje	springpak:n
scheepsruimen	scheepsruim:n
scheepsruimpje	scheepsruim:n
suikerbeesten	suikerbeest:n
suikerbeestje	suikerbeest:n
hoogwaardigheidsbekleders	hoogwaardigheidsbekleder:n
hoogwaardigheidsbekledertje	hoogwaardigheidsbekleder:n
hoogwaardiger	hoogwaardig:a
hoogwaardigst	hoogwaardig:a
zakformaten	zakformaat:n
zakformaatje	zakformaat:n
hoogwaardigheden	hoogwaardigheid:n
hoogwaardigheidje	hoogwaardigheid:n
formaatje	formaat:n
subsonischer	subsonisch:a
subsonischt	subsonisch:a
scheepsboten	scheepsboot:n
scheepsbootje	scheepsboot:n
windhaken	windhaak:n
windhaakje	windhaak:n
pijptangen	pijptang:n
pijptangetje	pijptang:n
brandkranen	brandkraan:n
brandkraantje	brandkraan:n
debrideer	debrideren:v
debrideerde	debrideren:v
debrideert	debrideren:v
debrideerden	debrideren:v
debriderend	debrideren:v
gedebrideerd	debrideren:v
baslijnen	baslijn:n
baslijntje	baslijn:n
etterbuilen	etterbuil:n
etterbuiltje	etterbuil:n
grijmiger	grijmig:a
grijmigst	grijmig:a
hobbelde	hobbelen:v
hobbelt	hobbelen:v
hobbelden	hobbelen:v
hobbelend	hobbelen:v
gehobbeld	hobbelen:v
leidingwerken	leidingwerk:n
leidingwerkje	leidingwerk:n
magnetostaarten	magnetostaart:n
magnetostaartje	magnetostaart:n
aderverwijdingen	aderverwijding:n
aderverwijdinkje	aderverwijding:n
sporendozen	sporendoos:n
sporendoosje	sporendoos:n
quintessens	kwintessens:n
sneeuwbessen	sneeuwbes:n
sneeuwbesje	sneeuwbes:n
vetganzen	vetgans:n
vetgansje	vetgans:n
kniebroeken	kniebroek:n
kniebroekje	kniebroek:n
wrongels	wrongel:n
wrongeltje	wrongel:n
tussentalen	tussentaal:n
tussentaaltje	tussentaal:n
waterpomptangen	waterpomptang:n
waterpomptangetje	waterpomptang:n
wanboffen	wanbof:n
wanbofje	wanbof:n
hulptalen	hulptaal:n
hulptaaltje	hulptaal:n
aanmaan	aanmanen:v
aanmaande	aanmanen:v
aanmaant	aanmanen:v
aanmaanden	aanmanen:v
aanmanend	aanmanen:v
aangemaand	aanmanen:v
achterpoten	achterpoot:n
achterpootje	achterpoot:n
voorpoten	voorpoot:n
voorpootje	voorpoot:n
miljoenpoten	miljoenpoot:n
miljoenpootje	miljoenpoot:n
millioenpoot	miljoenpoot:n
achterkamers	achterkamer:n
achterkamertje	achterkamer:n
achterhoofden	achterhoofd:n
achterhoofdje	achterhoofd:n
bieraccijnzen	bieraccijns:n
bieraccijnsje	bieraccijns:n
beadem	beademen:v
beademde	beademen:v
beademt	beademen:v
beademden	beademen:v
beademend	beademen:v
beademd	beademen:v
beademingen	beademing:n
beademinkje	beademing:n
mond-op-mondbeademingen	mond-op-mondbeademing:n
mond-op-mondbeademinkje	mond-op-mondbeademing:n
bierflesch	bierfles:n
bierworsten	bierworst:n
bierworstje	bierworst:n
knakworsten	knakworst:n
knakworstje	knakworst:n
handelsgewassen	handelsgewas:n
handelsgewasje	handelsgewas:n
uitvoergewassen	uitvoergewas:n
uitvoergewasje	uitvoergewas:n
exportgewassen	exportgewas:n
exportgewasje	exportgewas:n
knak	knakken:v
knakte	knakken:v
knakt	knakken:v
knakten	knakken:v
knakkend	knakken:v
geknakt	knakken:v
biervilten	biervilt:n
bierviltje	biervilt:n
staatssecretarissen	staatssecretaris:n
staatssecretarisje	staatssecretaris:n
maansikkels	maansikkel:n
maansikkeltje	maansikkel:n
tevrêe	tevreden:a
oppeuzel	oppeuzelen:v
oppeuzelde	oppeuzelen:v
oppeuzelt	oppeuzelen:v
oppeuzelden	oppeuzelen:v
oppeuzelend	oppeuzelen:v
opgepeuzeld	oppeuzelen:v
opvreet	opvreten:v
opvrat	opvreten:v
opvraten	opvreten:v
opvretend	opvreten:v
opgevreten	opvreten:v
accreties	accretie:n
accretietje	accretie:n
zitpenningen	zitpenning:n
zitpenningetje	zitpenning:n
schijnbewegingen	schijnbeweging:n
schijnbeweginkje	schijnbeweging:n
honderdmannen	honderdman:n
honderdmannetje	honderdman:n
eroeviem	eroev:n
klis	klissen:v
kliste	klissen:v
klist	klissen:v
klisten	klissen:v
klissend	klissen:v
geklist	klissen:v
hoerie	hoeri:n
bouwgewrochten	bouwgewrocht:n
bouwgewrochtje	bouwgewrocht:n
bouwgedrochten	bouwgedrocht:n
bouwgedrochtje	bouwgedrocht:n
gedrochtelijker	gedrochtelijk:a
gedrochtelijkst	gedrochtelijk:a
gedrochtelijke	gedrochtelijk:a
gedrochtelijkere	gedrochtelijk:a
gedrochtelijkste	gedrochtelijk:a
wangedrochten	wangedrocht:n
wangedrochtje	wangedrocht:n
achterdenk	achterdenken:v
achterdacht	achterdenken:v|achterdocht:n
achterdenkt	achterdenken:v
achterdachten	achterdenken:v
achterdenkend	achterdenken:v
achtergedacht	achterdenken:v
achterdenkens	achterdenken:n
gildekamers	gildekamer:n
bontjassen	bontjas:n
bontjasje	bontjas:n
dorpers	dorper:n
dorpertje	dorper:n
deurknoppen	deurknop:n
deurknopje	deurknop:n
deurgrepen	deurgreep:n
deurgreepje	deurgreep:n
daadzaken	daadzaak:n
daadzaakje	daadzaak:n
gruwelen	gruwel:n
gruwels	gruwel:n
gruweltje	gruwel:n
oorlogsfeiten	oorlogsfeit:n
oorlogsfeitje	oorlogsfeit:n
oorlogshandelingen	oorlogshandeling:n
oorlogshandelinkje	oorlogshandeling:n
beplant	beplanten:v
beplantte	beplanten:v
beplantten	beplanten:v
beplantend	beplanten:v
boerenbedriegers	boerenbedrieger:n
boerenbedriegertje	boerenbedrieger:n
warmoezerijen	warmoezerij:n
warmoezerijtje	warmoezerij:n
beoorloog	beoorlogen:v
beoorloogde	beoorlogen:v
beoorloogt	beoorlogen:v
beoorloogden	beoorlogen:v
beoorlogend	beoorlogen:v
beoorloogd	beoorlogen:v
veroorloog	veroorlogen:v
veroorloogde	veroorlogen:v
veroorloogt	veroorlogen:v
veroorloogden	veroorlogen:v
veroorlogend	veroorlogen:v
veroorloogd	veroorlogen:v
asvarkens	asvarken:n
asvarkentje	asvarken:n
bakerstoelen	bakerstoel:n
bakerstoeltje	bakerstoel:n
baarkrukken	baarkruk:n
baarkrukje	baarkruk:n
stoelendansen	stoelendans:n
stoelendansje	stoelendans:n
eindbazen	eindbaas:n
eindbaasje	eindbaas:n
wondartsen	wondarts:n
wondartsje	wondarts:n
tegenwerp	tegenwerpen:v
tegenwierp	tegenwerpen:v
tegenwerpt	tegenwerpen:v
tegenwierpen	tegenwerpen:v
tegenwerpend	tegenwerpen:v
tegengeworpen	tegenwerpen:v
mantici	manticus:n
mantische	mantisch:a
kweekvijvers	kweekvijver:n
kweekvijvertje	kweekvijver:n
gruwel	gruwelen:v
gruwelde	gruwelen:v
gruwelt	gruwelen:v
gruwelden	gruwelen:v
gruwelend	gruwelen:v
gegruweld	gruwelen:v
steenrijker	steenrijk:a
steenrijkst	steenrijk:a
steenrijke	steenrijk:a
steenrijkere	steenrijk:a
steenrijkste	steenrijk:a
ajuinachtiger	ajuinachtig:a
ajuinachtigst	ajuinachtig:a
ajuinachtige	ajuinachtig:a
ajuinachtigere	ajuinachtig:a
ajuinachtigste	ajuinachtig:a
aapachtiger	aapachtig:a
aapachtigst	aapachtig:a
aapachtige	aapachtig:a
aapachtigere	aapachtig:a
aapachtigste	aapachtig:a
weigerachtiger	weigerachtig:a
weigerachtigst	weigerachtig:a
weigerachtige	weigerachtig:a
weigerachtigere	weigerachtig:a
weigerachtigste	weigerachtig:a
herenboerderijen	herenboerderij:n
herenboerderijtje	herenboerderij:n
herenboeren	herenboer:n
herenboertje	herenboer:n
kasteelboerderijen	kasteelboerderij:n
kasteelboerderijtje	kasteelboerderij:n
stolpboerderijen	stolpboerderij:n
stolpboerderijtje	stolpboerderij:n
kindersterften	kindersterfte:n
kindersterftes	kindersterfte:n
sterftes	sterfte:n
sterften	sterfte:n
petekinderen	petekind:n
petekindje	petekind:n
peetkind	petekind:n
veesterften	veesterfte:n
veesterftes	veesterfte:n
afdringen	afdwingen:v
afdring	afdringen:v
afdrong	afdringen:v
afdringt	afdringen:v
afdrongen	afdringen:v
afdringend	afdringen:v
afgedrongen	afdringen:v
akkerlanden	akkerland:n
akkerlandje	akkerland:n
olielampen	olielamp:n
olielampje	olielamp:n
fiooltje	fiool:n
gewilliger	gewillig:a
gewilligst	gewillig:a
gewillige	gewillig:a
gewilligere	gewillig:a
gewilligste	gewillig:a
seneschalken	seneschalk:n
seneschalkje	seneschalk:n
seneschalck	seneschalk:n
seneschael	seneschalk:n
seneschaal	seneschalk:n
beverskullen	beverskul:n
beverskulletje	beverskul:n
beverburchten	beverburcht:n
beverburchtje	beverburcht:n
levensloopbestendige	levensloopbestendig:a
wantalen	wantaal:n
wantaaltje	wantaal:n
tranenvloeden	tranenvloed:n
tranenvloedje	tranenvloed:n
exfolieer	exfoliëren:v
exfolieerde	exfoliëren:v
exfolieert	exfoliëren:v
exfolieerden	exfoliëren:v
exfoliërend	exfoliëren:v
geëxfolieerd	exfoliëren:v
prachtkevers	prachtkever:n
prachtkevertje	prachtkever:n
juweelkevers	juweelkever:n
juweelkevertje	juweelkever:n
straatintimidaties	straatintimidatie:n
ontblader	ontbladeren:v
ontbladerde	ontbladeren:v
ontbladert	ontbladeren:v
ontbladerden	ontbladeren:v
ontbladerend	ontbladeren:v
ontbladerd	ontbladeren:v
afvink	afvinken:v
afvinkte	afvinken:v
afvinkt	afvinken:v
afvinkten	afvinken:v
afvinkend	afvinken:v
afgevinkt	afvinken:v
bevrijdingstheologieën	bevrijdingstheologie:n
treurliederen	treurlied:n
treurliedje	treurlied:n
dubbelhartiger	dubbelhartig:a
dubbelhartigst	dubbelhartig:a
dubbelhartige	dubbelhartig:a
dubbelhartigere	dubbelhartig:a
dubbelhartigste	dubbelhartig:a
zilter	zilt:a
ziltst	zilt:a
zilte	zilt:a
ziltere	zilt:a
ziltste	zilt:a
ontwortel	ontwortelen:v
ontwortelde	ontwortelen:v
ontwortelt	ontwortelen:v
ontwortelden	ontwortelen:v
ontwortelend	ontwortelen:v
ontworteld	ontwortelen:v
deracineer	deracineren:v
deracineerde	deracineren:v
deracineert	deracineren:v
deracineerden	deracineren:v
deracinerend	deracineren:v
gederacineerd	deracineren:v
theezeven	theezeef:n
theezeefje	theezeef:n
taalstrijden	taalstrijd:n
taalstrijdje	taalstrijd:n
Poerem	Poerim:m
Poeriem	Poerim:m
anechoïsche	anechoïsch:a
eivormen	eivorm:n
eivormpje	eivorm:n
eierkolen	eierkool:n
eierkooltje	eierkool:n
duivenhuizen	duivenhuis:n
duivenhuisje	duivenhuis:n
grootmoediger	grootmoedig:a
grootmoedigst	grootmoedig:a
optatieven	optatief:n
optatiefje	optatief:n
conjunctieven	conjunctief:n
conjunctiefje	conjunctief:n
imperatieven	imperatief:n
imperatiefje	imperatief:n
graaiculturen	graaicultuur:n
graaicultuurtje	graaicultuur:n
maximumlonen	maximumloon:n
maximumloontje	maximumloon:n
keurlegers	keurleger:n
keurlegertje	keurleger:n
kunstvormen	kunstvorm:n
kunstvormpje	kunstvorm:n
Robinsonade	robinsonade:n
reisromans	reisroman:n
reisromannetje	reisroman:n
aanhijg	aanhijgen:v
aanhijgde	aanhijgen:v
aanhijgt	aanhijgen:v
aanhijgden	aanhijgen:v
aanhijgend	aanhijgen:v
aangehijgd	aanhijgen:v
aanheeg	aanhijgen:v
aanhegen	aanhijgen:v
aangehegen	aanhijgen:v
aderrijker	aderrijk:a
aderrijkst	aderrijk:a
aderrijke	aderrijk:a
aderrijkere	aderrijk:a
aderrijkste	aderrijk:a
bankbreukige	bankbreukig:a
bankbreuken	bankbreuk:n
bankbreukje	bankbreuk:n
basisinkomens	basisinkomen:n
basisinkomentje	basisinkomen:n
bankbrekers	bankbreker:n
bankbrekertje	bankbreker:n
bankroetiers	bankroetier:n
bankroetiertje	bankroetier:n
afros	afrossen:v
afroste	afrossen:v
afrost	afrossen:v
afrosten	afrossen:v
afrossend	afrossen:v
afgerost	afrossen:v
geheelallen	geheelal:n
geheelalletje	geheelal:n
advijs	advies:n
samenspraken	samenspraak:n
samenspraakje	samenspraak:n
belastingafspraken	belastingafspraak:n
belastingafspraakje	belastingafspraak:n
belastingovereenkomsten	belastingovereenkomst:n
belastingovereenkomstje	belastingovereenkomst:n
keurtroepen	keurtroep:n
keurtroepje	keurtroep:n
bierazijnen	bierazijn:n
bierazijntje	bierazijn:n
rijfel	rijfelen:v
rijfelde	rijfelen:v
rijfelt	rijfelen:v
rijfelden	rijfelen:v
rijfelend	rijfelen:v
gerijfeld	rijfelen:v
kneiters	kneiter:n
kneitertje	kneiter:n
buikschuivers	buikschuiver:n
buikschuivertje	buikschuiver:n
duiventillen	duiventil:n
duiventilletje	duiventil:n
hondenhokken	hondenhok:n
hondenhokje	hondenhok:n
hondehok	hondenhok:n
konijnenhokken	konijnenhok:n
konijnenhokje	konijnenhok:n
opperhuiden	opperhuid:n
opperhuidje	opperhuid:n
balgpijnen	balgpijn:n
balgpijntje	balgpijn:n
kopvodden	kopvod:n
kopvodje	kopvod:n
pestbossen	pestbos:n
pestbosje	pestbos:n
geriefbossen	geriefbos:n
geriefbosje	geriefbos:n
asbezems	asbezem:n
asbezempje	asbezem:n
huinen	huin:n
huintje	huin:n
feestbundels	feestbundel:n
feestbundeltje	feestbundel:n
feestschriften	feestschrift:n
feestschriftje	feestschrift:n
rationeler	rationeel:a
rationeelst	rationeel:a
rationele	rationeel:a
rationelere	rationeel:a
rationeelste	rationeel:a
doelrationeele	doelrationeel:a
rationaliteiten	rationaliteit:n
rationaliteitje	rationaliteit:n
doelrationaliteiten	doelrationaliteit:n
geestverwanten	geestverwant:n
geestverwantje	geestverwant:n
geestverwante	geestverwant:a
geestverwantschappen	geestverwantschap:n
loochen	loochenen:v
loochende	loochenen:v
loochent	loochenen:v
loochenden	loochenen:v
loochenend	loochenen:v
geloochend	loochenen:v
uitdrijf	uitdrijven:v
uitdreef	uitdrijven:v
uitdrijft	uitdrijven:v
uitdreven	uitdrijven:v
uitdrijvend	uitdrijven:v
uitgedreven	uitdrijven:v
uitdrijvingen	uitdrijving:n
uitdrijvinkje	uitdrijving:n
confessioneler	confessioneel:a
confessioneelst	confessioneel:a
confessionele	confessioneel:a
confessionelere	confessioneel:a
confessioneelste	confessioneel:a
confessionelen	confessioneel:n
confessioneeltje	confessioneel:n
onbestaanbaarder	onbestaanbaar:a
onbestaanbaarst	onbestaanbaar:a
onbestaanbare	onbestaanbaar:a
onbestaanbaardere	onbestaanbaar:a
onbestaanbaarste	onbestaanbaar:a
visstanden	visstand:n
visstandje	visstand:n
visbestanden	visbestand:n
visbestandje	visbestand:n
vispopulaties	vispopulatie:n
vispopulatietje	vispopulatie:n
vissterften	vissterfte:n
vissterftes	vissterfte:n
egelvissen	egelvis:n
egelvisje	egelvis:n
kogelvissen	kogelvis:n
kogelvisje	kogelvis:n
bestraat	bestraten:v
bestraatte	bestraten:v
bestraatten	bestraten:v
bestratend	bestraten:v
maristen	marist:n
maristje	marist:n
bankensectoren	bankensector:n
bankensectors	bankensector:n
bankensectortje	bankensector:n
luchtkuren	luchtkuur:n
luchtkuurtje	luchtkuur:n
teringlijders	teringlijder:n
teringlijdertje	teringlijder:n
achtertochten	achtertocht:n
achtertochtje	achtertocht:n
hesselingen	hesseling:n
hesselingetje	hesseling:n
achteruitvaarten	achteruitvaart:n
weerklink	weerklinken:v
weerklonk	weerklinken:v
weerklinkt	weerklinken:v
weerklonken	weerklinken:v
weerklinkend	weerklinken:v
jeneversteden	jeneverstad:n
jeneverstadje	jeneverstad:n
iö	io:i
jeneverkruiken	jeneverkruik:n
jeneverkruikje	jeneverkruik:n
jeneverflessen	jeneverfles:n
jeneverflesje	jeneverfles:n
jenevervrienden	jenevervriend:n
jenevervriendje	jenevervriend:n
regentenstukken	regentenstuk:n
regentenstukje	regentenstuk:n
regentessenstukken	regentessenstuk:n
regentessenstukje	regentessenstuk:n
regentesse	regentes:n
aanplak	aanplakken:v
aanplakte	aanplakken:v
aanplakt	aanplakken:v
aanplakten	aanplakken:v
aanplakkend	aanplakken:v
aangeplakt	aanplakken:v
pasquilles	pasquille:n
pasquillen	pasquille:n
pasquilletje	pasquille:n
aanplakbiljetten	aanplakbiljet:n
aanplakbiljetje	aanplakbiljet:n
aanstekelijker	aanstekelijk:a
aanstekelijkst	aanstekelijk:a
aanstekelijke	aanstekelijk:a
aanstekelijkere	aanstekelijk:a
aanstekelijkste	aanstekelijk:a
sneeuwhoenders	sneeuwhoen:n
sneeuwhoenderen	sneeuwhoen:n
sneeuwhoenen	sneeuwhoen:n
sneeuwhoentje	sneeuwhoen:n
kinderopvangen	kinderopvang:n
broge	brooche:n
hoofdpersonen	hoofdpersoon:n
hoofdpersoontje	hoofdpersoon:n
hoofdpersonages	hoofdpersonage:n
hoofdfiguren	hoofdfiguur:n
hoofdfiguurtje	hoofdfiguur:n
hoofdrolspelers	hoofdrolspeler:n
hoofdrolspelertje	hoofdrolspeler:n
brogers	broger:n
onderwereldgoden	onderwereldgod:n
onderwereldgodje	onderwereldgod:n
onderwereldgodinnen	onderwereldgodin:n
kraamvrouwen	kraamvrouw:n
kraamvrouwtje	kraamvrouw:n
viswijven	viswijf:n
viswijfje	viswijf:n
kraamwijnen	kraamwijn:n
kraamwijntje	kraamwijn:n
kandelen	kandeel:n
kandeeltje	kandeel:n
onderwereldse	onderwerelds:a
belebber	belebberen:v
belebberde	belebberen:v
belebbert	belebberen:v
belebberden	belebberen:v
belebberend	belebberen:v
belebberd	belebberen:v
gildossen	gildos:n
bekijf	bekijven:v
bekeef	bekijven:v
bekijft	bekijven:v
bekeven	bekijven:v
bekijvend	bekijven:v
wauw	wow:i
wanprestaties	wanprestatie:n
wanprestatietje	wanprestatie:n
voshaaien	voshaai:n
voshaaitje	voshaai:n
aardhopen	aardhoop:n
aardhoopje	aardhoop:n
aanzuur	aanzuren:v
aanzuurde	aanzuren:v
aanzuurt	aanzuren:v
aanzuurden	aanzuren:v
aanzurend	aanzuren:v
aangezuurd	aanzuren:v
aasvretende	aasvretend:a
aasetende	aasetend:a
pijpeneer	pijpeneren:v
pijpeneerde	pijpeneren:v
pijpeneert	pijpeneren:v
pijpeneerden	pijpeneren:v
pijpenerend	pijpeneren:v
gepijpeneerd	pijpeneren:v
aanzwem	aanzwemmen:v
aanzwom	aanzwemmen:v
aanzwemt	aanzwemmen:v
aanzwommen	aanzwemmen:v
aanzwemmend	aanzwemmen:v
aangezwommen	aanzwemmen:v
klokkengevels	klokkengevel:n
klokkengeveltje	klokkengevel:n
puntgevels	puntgevel:n
puntgeveltje	puntgevel:n
achtergevels	achtergevel:n
achtergeveltje	achtergevel:n
vliesgevels	vliesgevel:n
vliesgeveltje	vliesgevel:n
klokgevels	klokgevel:n
klokgeveltje	klokgevel:n
endeldarmen	endeldarm:n
endeldarmpje	endeldarm:n
aarsdarmen	aarsdarm:n
aarsdarmpje	aarsdarm:n
aardgewassen	aardgewas:n
aardgewasje	aardgewas:n
aanzoet	aanzoeten:v
aanzoette	aanzoeten:v
aanzoetten	aanzoeten:v
aanzoetend	aanzoeten:v
aangezoet	aanzoeten:v
tekstballonnen	tekstballon:n
tekstballonnetje	tekstballon:n
druileriger	druilerig:a
druilerigst	druilerig:a
druilerige	druilerig:a
druilerigere	druilerig:a
druilerigste	druilerig:a
misloop	mislopen:v
misliep	mislopen:v
misloopt	mislopen:v
misliepen	mislopen:v
mislopend	mislopen:v
misgelopen	mislopen:v
stembusakkoorden	stembusakkoord:n
stembusakkoordje	stembusakkoord:n
stembusgangen	stembusgang:n
jeugdbendes	jeugdbende:n
jeugdbenden	jeugdbende:n
jeugdbendetje	jeugdbende:n
aanzout	aanzouten:v
aanzoutte	aanzouten:v
aanzoutten	aanzouten:v
aanzoutend	aanzouten:v
aangezouten	aanzouten:v
bedamp	bedampen:v
bedampte	bedampen:v
bedampt	bedampen:v
bedampten	bedampen:v
bedampend	bedampen:v
affuiten	affuit:n
affuitje	affuit:n
mierenhopen	mierenhoop:n
mierenhoopje	mierenhoop:n
termietenhopen	termietenhoop:n
termietenhoopje	termietenhoop:n
termietenheuvels	termietenheuvel:n
termietenheuveltje	termietenheuvel:n
bedrijt	bedrijten:v
bedreet	bedrijten:v
bedreten	bedrijten:v
bedrijtend	bedrijten:v
beefalen	beefaal:n
beefaaltje	beefaal:n
sidderalen	sidderaal:n
sidderaaltje	sidderaal:n
bediedsels	bediedsel:n
bediedseltje	bediedsel:n
beduidsel	bediedsel:n
aspisslangen	aspisslang:n
aspisslangetje	aspisslang:n
aspisadders	aspisadder:n
aspisaddertje	aspisadder:n
afkap	afkappen:v
afkapte	afkappen:v
afkapt	afkappen:v
afkapten	afkappen:v
afkappend	afkappen:v
afgekapt	afkappen:v
vergadertijgers	vergadertijger:n
vergadertijgertje	vergadertijger:n
aanschrijf	aanschrijven:v
aanschreef	aanschrijven:v
aanschrijft	aanschrijven:v
aanschreven	aanschrijven:v
aanschrijvend	aanschrijven:v
aangeschreven	aanschrijven:v
behuw	behuwen:v
behuwde	behuwen:v
behuwt	behuwen:v
behuwden	behuwen:v
behuwend	behuwen:v
behuwd	behuwen:v
bezatte	bezatten:v
bezattend	bezatten:v
artikelsgewijze	artikelsgewijs:a
woonarken	woonark:n
woonarkje	woonark:n
achterhuizen	achterhuis:n
achterhuisje	achterhuis:n
sjoelde	sjoelen:v
sjoelt	sjoelen:v
sjoelden	sjoelen:v
sjoelend	sjoelen:v
gesjoeld	sjoelen:v
sjoelbakken	sjoelbak:n
sjoelbakje	sjoelbak:n
badder	badderen:v
badderde	badderen:v
baddert	badderen:v
badderden	badderen:v
badderend	badderen:v
gebadderd	badderen:v
verloot	verloten:v
verlootte	verloten:v
verlootten	verloten:v
verlotend	verloten:v
domeinen	domein:n
domeintje	domein:n
kroondomeinen	kroondomein:n
kroondomeintje	kroondomein:n
domeyn	domein:n
superfamilietje	superfamilie:n
subfamilietje	subfamilie:n
onderfamilies	onderfamilie:n
onderfamilietje	onderfamilie:n
kieskringen	kieskring:n
kieskringetje	kieskring:n
stemwijzers	stemwijzer:n
stemwijzertje	stemwijzer:n
kieswijzers	kieswijzer:n
kieswijzertje	kieswijzer:n
spreekwoordenboeken	spreekwoordenboek:n
spreekwoordenboekje	spreekwoordenboek:n
microkosmossen	microkosmos:n
microkosmosje	microkosmos:n
adjes	adje:n
poenen	poen:n
poentje	poen:n
poentjes	poentje:n
pietermannen	pieterman:n
pietermannetje	pieterman:n
leverpasteien	leverpastei:n
leverpasteitje	leverpastei:n
wanstaltiger	wanstaltig:a
wanstaltigst	wanstaltig:a
minderwaardiger	minderwaardig:a
minderwaardigst	minderwaardig:a
minderwaardige	minderwaardig:a
minderwaardigere	minderwaardig:a
minderwaardigste	minderwaardig:a
aandurf	aandurven:v
aandurfde	aandurven:v
aandurft	aandurven:v
aandurfden	aandurven:v
aandurvend	aandurven:v
aangedurfd	aandurven:v
wangeloven	wangeloof:n
wangeloofje	wangeloof:n
wangeloof	wangeloven:v
wangeloofde	wangeloven:v
wangelooft	wangeloven:v
wangeloofden	wangeloven:v
wangelovend	wangeloven:v
wangeloofd	wangeloven:v
wangeloviger	wangelovig:a
wangelovigst	wangelovig:a
wangelovige	wangelovig:a
wangelovigere	wangelovig:a
wangelovigste	wangelovig:a
medezeggenschapsorganen	medezeggenschapsorgaan:n
medezeggenschapsorgaantje	medezeggenschapsorgaan:n
loonheffingen	loonheffing:n
loonheffinkje	loonheffing:n
aanlas	aanlassen:v
aanlaste	aanlassen:v
aanlast	aanlassen:v
aanlasten	aanlassen:v
aanlassend	aanlassen:v
aangelast	aanlassen:v
verkiezingsprogramma's	verkiezingsprogramma:n
verkiezingsprogrammaatje	verkiezingsprogramma:n
toelach	toelachen:v
toelachte	toelachen:v
toelacht	toelachen:v
toelachten	toelachen:v
toelachend	toelachen:v
toegelachen	toelachen:v
buidelmollen	buidelmol:n
buidelmolletje	buidelmol:n
doorrekeningen	doorrekening:n
doorrekeninkje	doorrekening:n
consistenties	consistentie:n
instrumentaria	instrumentarium:n
instrumentariumpje	instrumentarium:n
aanlonk	aanlonken:v
aanlonkte	aanlonken:v
aanlonkt	aanlonken:v
aanlonkten	aanlonken:v
aanlonkend	aanlonken:v
aangelonkt	aanlonken:v
toelonk	toelonken:v
toelonkte	toelonken:v
toelonkt	toelonken:v
toelonkten	toelonken:v
toelonkend	toelonken:v
toegelonkt	toelonken:v
tegenbegrotingen	tegenbegroting:n
tegenbegrotinkje	tegenbegroting:n
publicaties	publicatie:n
publicatietje	publicatie:n
ordentelijker	ordentelijk:a
ordentelijkst	ordentelijk:a
ordentelijke	ordentelijk:a
ordentelijkere	ordentelijk:a
ordentelijkste	ordentelijk:a
verkiezingscampagnes	verkiezingscampagne:n
evenwichtsniveaus	evenwichtsniveau:n
evenwichtsniveautje	evenwichtsniveau:n
schokgevoeliger	schokgevoelig:a
schokgevoeligst	schokgevoelig:a
schokgevoelige	schokgevoelig:a
schokgevoeligere	schokgevoelig:a
schokgevoeligste	schokgevoelig:a
pensioenstelsels	pensioenstelsel:n
pensioenstelseltje	pensioenstelsel:n
budgettaire	budgettair:a
beleidsmakers	beleidsmaker:n
beleidsmakertje	beleidsmaker:n
ombuigingen	ombuiging:n
ombuiginkje	ombuiging:n
kapitaalinjecties	kapitaalinjectie:n
aanlijm	aanlijmen:v
aanlijmde	aanlijmen:v
aanlijmt	aanlijmen:v
aanlijmden	aanlijmen:v
aanlijmend	aanlijmen:v
aangelijmd	aanlijmen:v
noemereffecten	noemereffect:n
bijdruk	bijdrukken:v
bijdrukte	bijdrukken:v
bijdrukt	bijdrukken:v
bijdrukten	bijdrukken:v
bijdrukkend	bijdrukken:v
bijgedrukt	bijdrukken:v
herdrukken	herdruk:n
herdrukje	herdruk:n
herdruk	herdrukken:v
herdrukte	herdrukken:v
herdrukt	herdrukken:v
herdrukten	herdrukken:v
herdrukkend	herdrukken:v
stembiljetten	stembiljet:n
stembiljetje	stembiljet:n
aantokkel	aantokkelen:v
aantokkelde	aantokkelen:v
aantokkelt	aantokkelen:v
aantokkelden	aantokkelen:v
aantokkelend	aantokkelen:v
aangetokkeld	aantokkelen:v
roost	roosten:v
roostte	roosten:v
roostten	roosten:v
roostend	roosten:v
geroost	roosten:v
tijdingen	tijding:n
tijdinkje	tijding:n
aanlicht	aanlichten:v
aanlichtte	aanlichten:v
aanlichtten	aanlichten:v
aanlichtend	aanlichten:v
aangelicht	aanlichten:v
bevrouw	bevrouwen:v
bevrouwde	bevrouwen:v
bevrouwt	bevrouwen:v
bevrouwden	bevrouwen:v
bevrouwend	bevrouwen:v
bevrouwd	bevrouwen:v
dierhalve	derhalve:d
aanstrik	aanstrikken:v
aanstrikte	aanstrikken:v
aanstrikt	aanstrikken:v
aanstrikten	aanstrikken:v
aanstrikkend	aanstrikken:v
aangestrikt	aanstrikken:v
kapitaaleisen	kapitaaleis:n
kapitaaleisje	kapitaaleis:n
tempeliers	tempelier:n
tempeliertje	tempelier:n
ridderorden	ridderorde:n
ridderordes	ridderorde:n
ridderordetje	ridderorde:n
aansul	aansullen:v
aansulde	aansullen:v
aansult	aansullen:v
aansulden	aansullen:v
aansullend	aansullen:v
aangesuld	aansullen:v
vlezes	vlees:n
voorheb	voorhebben:v
voorhad	voorhebben:v
voorhebt	voorhebben:v
voorheeft	voorhebben:v
voorhadden	voorhebben:v
voorhebbend	voorhebben:v
voorgehad	voorhebben:v
tintel	tintelen:v
tintelde	tintelen:v
tintelt	tintelen:v
tintelden	tintelen:v
tintelend	tintelen:v
getinteld	tintelen:v
nutsdieren	nutsdier:n
nutsdiertje	nutsdier:n
handbogen	handboog:n
handboogje	handboog:n
voetbogen	voetboog:n
voetboogje	voetboog:n
aanmerk	aanmerken:v
aanmerkte	aanmerken:v
aanmerkt	aanmerken:v
aanmerkten	aanmerken:v
aanmerkend	aanmerken:v
aangemerkt	aanmerken:v
oerbossen	oerbos:n
oerbosje	oerbos:n
oerbosch	oerbos:n
kruisboogschutters	kruisboogschutter:n
kruisboogschuttertje	kruisboogschutter:n
bananenrepublieken	bananenrepubliek:n
bananenrepubliekje	bananenrepubliek:n
oersoepen	oersoep:n
oersoepje	oersoep:n
wolschapen	wolschaap:n
wolschaapje	wolschaap:n
vleesschapen	vleesschaap:n
vleesschaapje	vleesschaap:n
oogkassen	oogkas:n
oogkasje	oogkas:n
oogholten	oogholte:n
oogholtes	oogholte:n
facetogen	facetoog:n
facetoogje	facetoog:n
oogartsen	oogarts:n
oogartsje	oogarts:n
oogbollen	oogbol:n
oogbolletje	oogbol:n
oogballen	oogbal:n
oogballetje	oogbal:n
bitterzoeter	bitterzoet:a
bitterzoetst	bitterzoet:a
bitterzoete	bitterzoet:a
bitterzoetere	bitterzoet:a
bitterzoetste	bitterzoet:a
bitterzoeten	bitterzoet:n
bitterzoetje	bitterzoet:n
afzuig	afzuigen:v
afzoog	afzuigen:v
afzuigt	afzuigen:v
afzogen	afzuigen:v
afzuigend	afzuigen:v
afgezogen	afzuigen:v
appelboren	appelboor:n
appelboortje	appelboor:n
appelhoven	appelhof:n
appelhofje	appelhof:n
smurfendebatten	smurfendebat:n
smurfendebatje	smurfendebat:n
oersaaie	oersaai:a
droezen	droes:n
droesje	droes:n
piketten	piket:n
piket	piketten:v
funderingen	fundering:n
funderinkje	fundering:n
invorder	invorderen:v
invorderde	invorderen:v
invordert	invorderen:v
invorderden	invorderen:v
invorderend	invorderen:v
ingevorderd	invorderen:v
avondsterren	avondster:n
avondsterretje	avondster:n
keurkorpsen	keurkorps:n
keurkorpsje	keurkorps:n
vrijkorpsen	vrijkorps:n
vrijkorpsje	vrijkorps:n
klitten	klit:n
klitje	klit:n
boertiger	boertig:a
boertigst	boertig:a
boertige	boertig:a
boertigere	boertig:a
boertigste	boertig:a
boertelijker	boertelijk:a
boertelijkst	boertelijk:a
boertelijke	boertelijk:a
boertelijkere	boertelijk:a
boertelijkste	boertelijk:a
boerterijen	boerterij:n
boerterijtje	boerterij:n
boertery	boerterij:n
boerternijen	boerternij:n
boerternijtje	boerternij:n
boerterny	boerternij:n
appeltuinen	appeltuin:n
appeltuintje	appeltuin:n
levensbeschrijvers	levensbeschrijver:n
levensbeschrijvertje	levensbeschrijver:n
levensbeschrijvingen	levensbeschrijving:n
levensbeschrijvinkje	levensbeschrijving:n
levensbeschrijvende	levensbeschrijvend:a
blauwachtiger	blauwachtig:a
blauwachtigst	blauwachtig:a
blauwachtige	blauwachtig:a
blauwachtigere	blauwachtig:a
blauwachtigste	blauwachtig:a
blaauwachtig	blauwachtig:a
blaauwagtig	blauwachtig:a
blauwagtig	blauwachtig:a
bloemrijker	bloemrijk:a
bloemrijkst	bloemrijk:a
bloemrijke	bloemrijk:a
bloemrijkere	bloemrijk:a
bloemrijkste	bloemrijk:a
binnenvaarten	binnenvaart:n
binnenvaartje	binnenvaart:n
bokkensprongen	bokkensprong:n
bokkensprongetje	bokkensprong:n
boel	boelen:v
boelde	boelen:v
boelt	boelen:v
boelden	boelen:v
boelend	boelen:v
geboeld	boelen:v
zwangerschapsverloven	zwangerschapsverlof:n
zwangerschapsverlofje	zwangerschapsverlof:n
vaderschapsverloven	vaderschapsverlof:n
vaderschapsverlofje	vaderschapsverlof:n
ouderschapsverloven	ouderschapsverlof:n
tewerkstel	tewerkstellen:v
tewerkstelde	tewerkstellen:v
tewerkstelt	tewerkstellen:v
tewerkstelden	tewerkstellen:v
tewerkstellend	tewerkstellen:v
tewerkgesteld	tewerkstellen:v
opheffingen	opheffing:n
knok	knokken:v|knook:n
knokte	knokken:v
knokt	knokken:v
knokten	knokken:v
knokkend	knokken:v
geknokt	knokken:v
scheefhuur	scheefhuren:v
scheefhuurde	scheefhuren:v
scheefhuurt	scheefhuren:v
scheefhuurden	scheefhuren:v
scheefhurend	scheefhuren:v
scheefgehuurd	scheefhuren:v
scheefhuurders	scheefhuurder:n
scheefhuurdertje	scheefhuurder:n
afbeul	afbeulen:v
afbeulde	afbeulen:v
afbeult	afbeulen:v
afbeulden	afbeulen:v
afbeulend	afbeulen:v
afgebeuld	afbeulen:v
aderslagen	aderslag:n
aderslagje	aderslag:n
Droes	droes:m
grondsap	grondsop:n
grondsappen	grondsap:n
grondsapje	grondsap:n
verslavender	verslavend:a
verslavendst	verslavend:a
verslavend	verslaven:v
bekeuringen	bekeuring:n
bekeurinkje	bekeuring:n
pilaarprenten	pilaarprent:n
pilaarprentje	pilaarprent:n
spotprenten	spotprent:n
spotprentje	spotprent:n
sportprentje	sportprent:n
sportprenten	sportprent:n
antraxbrieven	antraxbrief:n
antraxbriefje	antraxbrief:n
miltvuurbrieven	miltvuurbrief:n
miltvuurbriefje	miltvuurbrief:n
poederbrieven	poederbrief:n
poederbriefje	poederbrief:n
bombrieven	bombrief:n
bombriefje	bombrief:n
dreigbrieven	dreigbrief:n
dreigbriefje	dreigbrief:n
brandbrieven	brandbrief:n
brandbriefje	brandbrief:n
lustobjecten	lustobject:n
lustobjectje	lustobject:n
seksobjecten	seksobject:n
seksobjectje	seksobject:n
beleidsmedewerkers	beleidsmedewerker:n
beleidsmedewerkertje	beleidsmedewerker:n
toegeeflijker	toegeeflijk:a
toegeeflijkst	toegeeflijk:a
toegeeflijke	toegeeflijk:a
toegeeflijkere	toegeeflijk:a
toegeeflijkste	toegeeflijk:a
deelcertificaten	deelcertificaat:n
deelcertificaatje	deelcertificaat:n
schoonbrussen	schoonbrus:n
schoonbrusje	schoonbrus:n
stiefbrussen	stiefbrus:n
stiefbrusje	stiefbrus:n
WAO'ers	WAO'er:n
WAO'ertje	WAO'er:n
seksindustrieën	seksindustrie:n
seksindustrietje	seksindustrie:n
sneeuwlawines	sneeuwlawine:n
sneeuwlawinen	sneeuwlawine:n
sneeuwlawinetje	sneeuwlawine:n
rotslawines	rotslawine:n
rotslawinen	rotslawine:n
rotslawinetje	rotslawine:n
modderlawines	modderlawine:n
modderlawinen	modderlawine:n
modderlawinetje	modderlawine:n
sneeuwlandschappen	sneeuwlandschap:n
sneeuwlandschapje	sneeuwlandschap:n
ziederijen	ziederij:n
ziederijtje	ziederij:n
zieders	zieder:n
ziedertje	zieder:n
aanhoudelijke	aanhoudelijk:a
sloopwerken	sloopwerk:n
sloopwerkje	sloopwerk:n
slopingswerken	slopingswerk:n
slopingswerkje	slopingswerk:n
vrind	vriend:n
afpreek	afpreken:v
afpreekte	afpreken:v
afpreekt	afpreken:v
afpreekten	afpreken:v
afprekend	afpreken:v
afgepreekt	afpreken:v
rozenbottels	rozenbottel:n
rozenbotteltje	rozenbottel:n
rozebottel	rozenbottel:n
kornoeljes	kornoelje:n
kornoeljen	kornoelje:n
bottel	bottelen:v
bottelde	bottelen:v
bottelt	bottelen:v
bottelden	bottelen:v
bottelend	bottelen:v
gebotteld	bottelen:v
afpluis	afpluizen:v
afploos	afpluizen:v
afpluist	afpluizen:v
afplozen	afpluizen:v
afpluizend	afpluizen:v
afgeplozen	afpluizen:v
akkermannen	akkerman:n
akkermannetje	akkerman:n
bouwlanden	bouwland:n
bouwlandje	bouwland:n
afzweep	afzwepen:v
afzweepte	afzwepen:v
afzweept	afzwepen:v
afzweepten	afzwepen:v
afzwepend	afzwepen:v
afgezweept	afzwepen:v
dodenakkers	dodenakker:n
dodenakkertje	dodenakker:n
godsakkers	godsakker:n
godsakkertje	godsakker:n
afwater	afwateren:v
afwaterde	afwateren:v
afwatert	afwateren:v
afwaterden	afwateren:v
afwaterend	afwateren:v
afgewaterd	afwateren:v
afwateringen	afwatering:n
afwaterinkje	afwatering:n
afwateringskanalen	afwateringskanaal:n
afwateringskanaaltje	afwateringskanaal:n
krabpalen	krabpaal:n
krabpaaltje	krabpaal:n
afpunt	afpunten:v
afpuntte	afpunten:v
afpuntten	afpunten:v
afpuntend	afpunten:v
afgepunt	afpunten:v
afstomp	afstompen:v
afstompte	afstompen:v
afstompt	afstompen:v
afstompten	afstompen:v
afstompend	afstompen:v
afgestompt	afstompen:v
amandelmelken	amandelmelk:n
amandelmelkje	amandelmelk:n
struwelen	struweel:n
struweeltje	struweel:n
slurpte	slurpen:v
slurpt	slurpen:v
slurpten	slurpen:v
slurpend	slurpen:v
geslurpt	slurpen:v
wereldbollen	wereldbol:n
wereldbolletje	wereldbol:n
kroonjuwelen	kroonjuweel:n
kroonjuweeltje	kroonjuweel:n
salonpopulisten	salonpopulist:n
salonpopulistje	salonpopulist:n
afmartel	afmartelen:v
afmartelde	afmartelen:v
afmartelt	afmartelen:v
afmartelden	afmartelen:v
afmartelend	afmartelen:v
afgemarteld	afmartelen:v
aftakel	aftakelen:v
aftakelde	aftakelen:v
aftakelt	aftakelen:v
aftakelden	aftakelen:v
aftakelend	aftakelen:v
afgetakeld	aftakelen:v
aftakelingen	aftakeling:n
aftakelinkje	aftakeling:n
takel	takelen:v
takelde	takelen:v
takelt	takelen:v
takelden	takelen:v
takelend	takelen:v
getakeld	takelen:v
takels	takel:n
takeltje	takel:n
sneeuwerige	sneeuwerig:a
sneeuwiger	sneeuwig:a
sneeuwigst	sneeuwig:a
sneeuwige	sneeuwig:a
sneeuwigere	sneeuwig:a
sneeuwigste	sneeuwig:a
sneeuwdekken	sneeuwdek:n
sneeuwdekje	sneeuwdek:n
sneeuwbrillen	sneeuwbril:n
sneeuwbrilletje	sneeuwbril:n
preskoppen	preskop:n
sneeuwgeiten	sneeuwgeit:n
sneeuwgeitje	sneeuwgeit:n
sneeuwkanonnen	sneeuwkanon:n
sneeuwkanonnetje	sneeuwkanon:n
sneeuwganzen	sneeuwgans:n
sneeuwgansje	sneeuwgans:n
brooches	brooche:n
broochetje	brooche:n
sneeuwpuddingen	sneeuwpudding:n
sneeuwpuddinkje	sneeuwpudding:n
aflaten	aflaat:n
aflaatje	aflaat:n
broekdraagbanden	broekdraagband:n
broekdraagbandje	broekdraagband:n
draagbanden	draagband:n
draagbandje	draagband:n
bokkesprong	bokkensprong:n
zaagbokken	zaagbok:n
zaagbokje	zaagbok:n
schelmenromans	schelmenroman:n
schelmenromannetje	schelmenroman:n
zamenstelling	samenstelling:n
lustpriëlen	lustprieel:n
lustprieeltje	lustprieel:n
aansnelen	aansnellen:v
aansnel	aansnellen:v
aansnelde	aansnellen:v
aansnelt	aansnellen:v
aansnelden	aansnellen:v
aansnelend	aansnellen:v
aangesneld	aansnellen:v
aensnellen	aansnellen:v
zakrekenaars	zakrekenaar:n
zakrekenaartje	zakrekenaar:n
aantekenboeken	aantekenboek:n
aantekenboekje	aantekenboek:n
aantekeningenboeken	aantekeningenboek:n
aantekeningenboekje	aantekeningenboek:n
aanvallingen	aanvalling:n
aanvallinkje	aanvalling:n
aarswissen	aarswis:n
aarswisje	aarswis:n
achtbaarder	achtbaar:a
achtbaarst	achtbaar:a
achtbare	achtbaar:a
achtbaardere	achtbaar:a
achtbaarste	achtbaar:a
achterdelen	achterdeel:n
achterdeeltje	achterdeel:n
achterjaren	achterjaar:n
achterjaartje	achterjaar:n
prehistorische	prehistorisch:a
afgiet	afgieten:v
afgoot	afgieten:v
afgoten	afgieten:v
afgietend	afgieten:v
afgegoten	afgieten:v
apenrotsen	apenrots:n
apenrotsje	apenrots:n
insteekhoezen	insteekhoes:n
insteekhoesje	insteekhoes:n
zustermoorden	zustermoord:n
zustermoordje	zustermoord:n
gezinsmoorden	gezinsmoord:n
gezinsmoordje	gezinsmoord:n
familiemoorden	familiemoord:n
familiemoordje	familiemoord:n
rijstvelden	rijstveld:n
rijstveldje	rijstveld:n
ambroos	ambrozijn:n
godendranken	godendrank:n
godendrankje	godendrank:n
aankak	aankakken:v
aankakte	aankakken:v
aankakt	aankakken:v
aankakten	aankakken:v
aankakkend	aankakken:v
aangekakt	aankakken:v
aanvoed	aanvoeden:v
aanvoedde	aanvoeden:v
aanvoedt	aanvoeden:v
aanvoedden	aanvoeden:v
aanvoedend	aanvoeden:v
aangevoed	aanvoeden:v
aanversterf	aanversterven:v
aanverstierf	aanversterven:v
aanversterft	aanversterven:v
aanverstierven	aanversterven:v
aanverstervend	aanversterven:v
aanverstorven	aanversterven:v
mensenhaaien	mensenhaai:n
mensenhaaitje	mensenhaai:n
aardmuizen	aardmuis:n
aardmuisje	aardmuis:n
aardluizen	aardluis:n
aardluisje	aardluis:n
hoofdluizen	hoofdluis:n
hoofdluisje	hoofdluis:n
achterbouten	achterbout:n
achterboutje	achterbout:n
afbeuk	afbeuken:v
afbeukte	afbeuken:v
afbeukt	afbeuken:v
afbeukten	afbeuken:v
afbeukend	afbeuken:v
afgebeukt	afbeuken:v
beuk	beuken:v
beukte	beuken:v
beukt	beuken:v
beukten	beuken:v
beukend	beuken:v
gebeukt	beuken:v
afhaspel	afhaspelen:v
afhaspelde	afhaspelen:v
afhaspelt	afhaspelen:v
afhaspelden	afhaspelen:v
afhaspelend	afhaspelen:v
afgehaspeld	afhaspelen:v
afhouw	afhouwen:v
afhieuw	afhouwen:v
afhouwt	afhouwen:v
afhieuwen	afhouwen:v
afhouwend	afhouwen:v
afgehouwen	afhouwen:v
afhouwde	afhouwen:v
afhouwden	afhouwen:v
vergismoorden	vergismoord:n
vergismoordje	vergismoord:n
heilanden	heiland:n
heilandje	heiland:n
uitbuik	uitbuiken:v
uitbuikte	uitbuiken:v
uitbuikt	uitbuiken:v
uitbuikten	uitbuiken:v
uitbuikend	uitbuiken:v
uitgebuikt	uitbuiken:v
Europeaansen	Europeaanse:n
knekelhuizen	knekelhuis:n
knekelhuisje	knekelhuis:n
krekelhuis	knekelhuis:n
beenderhuizen	beenderhuis:n
beenderhuisje	beenderhuis:n
knekels	knekel:n
knekelen	knekel:n
knekeltje	knekel:n
baaierds	baaierd:n
baaierden	baaierd:n
bisschopswijnen	bisschopswijn:n
bisschopswijntje	bisschopswijn:n
versnij	versnijden:v
versnijd	versnijden:v
versnee	versnijden:v
versnijdt	versnijden:v
versneden	versnijden:v
versnijdend	versnijden:v
gids	gidsen:v
gidste	gidsen:v
gidst	gidsen:v
gidsten	gidsen:v
gidsend	gidsen:v
gegidst	gidsen:v
reisgidsen	reisgids:n
reisgidsje	reisgids:n
drenkelingen	drenkeling:n
drenkelingetje	drenkeling:n
veertigdagentijden	veertigdagentijd:n
afneus	afneuzen:v
afneusde	afneuzen:v
afneust	afneuzen:v
afneusden	afneuzen:v
afneuzend	afneuzen:v
afgeneusd	afneuzen:v
uitbuikwandelingen	uitbuikwandeling:n
uitbuikwandelinkje	uitbuikwandeling:n
visquota	visquotum:n
visquotumpje	visquotum:n
absolutistische	absolutistisch:a
welvaartsstaten	welvaartsstaat:n
welvaartsstaatje	welvaartsstaat:n
tampatten	tampat:n
tampatje	tampat:n
4-FA	4-fluoramfetamine:n
4-FMP	4-fluoramfetamine:n
wegren	wegrennen:v
wegrende	wegrennen:v
wegrent	wegrennen:v
wegrenden	wegrennen:v
wegrennend	wegrennen:v
weggerend	wegrennen:v
accessies	accessie:n
accessiën	accessie:n
accessietje	accessie:n
aardrijksbeschrijvingen	aardrijksbeschrijving:n
wandrochtiger	wandrochtig:a
wandrochtigst	wandrochtig:a
wandrochtige	wandrochtig:a
wandrochtigere	wandrochtig:a
wandrochtigste	wandrochtig:a
wandrochten	wandrocht:n
wandrochtje	wandrocht:n
monsterlijker	monsterlijk:a
monsterlijkst	monsterlijk:a
monsterlijke	monsterlijk:a
monsterlijkere	monsterlijk:a
monsterlijkste	monsterlijk:a
aanzand	aanzanden:v
aanzandde	aanzanden:v
aanzandt	aanzanden:v
aanzandden	aanzanden:v
aanzandend	aanzanden:v
aangezand	aanzanden:v
aenvalling	aanvalling:n
aanvalliger	aanvallig:a
aanvalligst	aanvallig:a
aanvallige	aanvallig:a
aanvalligere	aanvallig:a
aanvalligste	aanvallig:a
piszuren	piszuur:n
piszuurtje	piszuur:n
piszure	piszuur:a
urinezuren	urinezuur:n
urinezuurtje	urinezuur:n
urinezure	urinezuur:a
afrot	afrotten:v
afrotte	afrotten:v
afrottend	afrotten:v
afgerot	afrotten:v
asvaalten	asvaalt:n
asvaaltje	asvaalt:n
Patagonische	Patagonisch:a
kaperschepen	kaperschip:n
kaperscheepje	kaperschip:n
gedrochtiger	gedrochtig:a
gedrochtigst	gedrochtig:a
gedrochtige	gedrochtig:a
gedrochtigere	gedrochtig:a
gedrochtigste	gedrochtig:a
zeegedrochten	zeegedrocht:n
zeegedrochtje	zeegedrocht:n
antinomische	antinomisch:a
antiseptische	antiseptisch:a
zionistische	zionistisch:a
apologetische	apologetisch:a
lajen	lajenen:v
lajende	lajenen:v
lajent	lajenen:v
lajenden	lajenen:v
lajenend	lajenen:v
gelajend	lajenen:v
apostolische	apostolisch:a
aambeij	aambei:n
homeopathische	homeopathisch:a
biologisch-dynamische	biologisch-dynamisch:a
katalyses	katalyse:n
oormijten	oormijt:n
oormijtje	oormijt:n
kaasmijten	kaasmijt:n
kaasmijtje	kaasmijt:n
hooimijten	hooimijt:n
hooimijtje	hooimijt:n
orang-oetans	orang-oetan:n
dennenbomen	dennenboom:n
dennenboompje	dennenboom:n
woestijnvossen	woestijnvos:n
woestijnvosje	woestijnvos:n
poolvossen	poolvos:n
poolvosje	poolvos:n
zilvervossen	zilvervos:n
zilvervosje	zilvervos:n
steppevossen	steppevos:n
steppevosje	steppevos:n
kitvossen	kitvos:n
kitvosje	kitvos:n
zandvossen	zandvos:n
zandvosje	zandvos:n
grootoorkitvossen	grootoorkitvos:n
grootoorkitvosje	grootoorkitvos:n
kamavossen	kamavos:n
kamavosje	kamavos:n
eilandvossen	eilandvos:n
eilandvosje	eilandvos:n
Azaravossen	Azaravos:n
Azaravosje	Azaravos:n
andesvossen	andesvos:n
andesvosje	andesvos:n
fieltachtiger	fieltachtig:a
fieltachtigst	fieltachtig:a
fieltachtige	fieltachtig:a
fieltachtigere	fieltachtig:a
fieltachtigste	fieltachtig:a
aanstip	aanstippen:v
aanstipte	aanstippen:v
aanstipt	aanstippen:v
aanstipten	aanstippen:v
aanstippend	aanstippen:v
aangestipt	aanstippen:v
aardsgezinder	aardsgezind:a
aardsgezindst	aardsgezind:a
aardsgezinde	aardsgezind:a
aardsgezindere	aardsgezind:a
aardsgezindste	aardsgezind:a
afbetaal	afbetalen:v
afbetaalde	afbetalen:v
afbetaalt	afbetalen:v
afbetaalden	afbetalen:v
afbetalend	afbetalen:v
afgebetaald	afbetalen:v
afscheer	afscheren:v
afschoor	afscheren:v
afscheert	afscheren:v
afschoren	afscheren:v
afscherend	afscheren:v
afgeschoren	afscheren:v
afschouwelijk	afschuwelijk:a
bezuip	bezuipen:v
bezoop	bezuipen:v
bezuipt	bezuipen:v
bezopen	bezuipen:v
bezuipend	bezuipen:v
olijfgaarden	olijfgaard:n
olijfgaardje	olijfgaard:n
slijkgeuzen	slijkgeus:n
slijkgeusje	slijkgeus:n
gruweldaden	gruweldaad:n
gruweldaadje	gruweldaad:n
reservaten	reservaat:n
reservaatje	reservaat:n
patronaten	patronaat:n
natuurreservaten	natuurreservaat:n
natuurreservaatje	natuurreservaat:n
indianenreservaten	indianenreservaat:n
indianenreservaatje	indianenreservaat:n
indianen	indiaan:n
indiaantje	indiaan:n
plagiaten	plagiaat:n
plagiaatje	plagiaat:n
archetypischer	archetypisch:a
archetypischt	archetypisch:a
archetypische	archetypisch:a
archetypischere	archetypisch:a
archetypischte	archetypisch:a
aristotelische	aristotelisch:a
asymptotische	asymptotisch:a
brekers	breker:n
brekertje	breker:n
schietgrage	schietgraag:a
welbespraakter	welbespraakt:a
welbespraaktst	welbespraakt:a
welbespraakte	welbespraakt:a
welbespraaktere	welbespraakt:a
welbespraaktste	welbespraakt:a
afzinniger	afzinnig:a
afzinnigst	afzinnig:a
afzinnige	afzinnig:a
afzinnigere	afzinnig:a
afzinnigste	afzinnig:a
jammerpoelen	jammerpoel:n
jammerpoeltje	jammerpoel:n
waterpoelen	waterpoel:n
waterpoeltje	waterpoel:n
bigame	bigaam:a
beregen	beregenen:v
beregende	beregenen:v
beregent	beregenen:v
beregenden	beregenen:v
beregenend	beregenen:v
beregend	beregenen:v
berggeiten	berggeit:n
berggeitje	berggeit:n
beloer	beloeren:v
beloerde	beloeren:v
beloert	beloeren:v
beloerden	beloeren:v
beloerend	beloeren:v
beloerd	beloeren:v
autistischer	autistisch:a
autistischt	autistisch:a
autistische	autistisch:a
autistischere	autistisch:a
autistischte	autistisch:a
autobiografischer	autobiografisch:a
autobiografischt	autobiografisch:a
autobiografische	autobiografisch:a
autobiografischere	autobiografisch:a
autobiografischte	autobiografisch:a
mediaoorlogen	mediaoorlog:n
mediaoorlogje	mediaoorlog:n
logboeken	logboek:n
logboekje	logboek:n
scheepsloggen	scheepslog:n
scheepslogje	scheepslog:n
geloofsovertuigingen	geloofsovertuiging:n
geloofsovertuiginkje	geloofsovertuiging:n
geloofsovertuigers	geloofsovertuiger:n
geloofsovertuigertje	geloofsovertuiger:n
asielzoekers	asielzoeker:n
asielzoekertje	asielzoeker:n
asielzoekerscentra	asielzoekerscentrum:n
asielzoekerscentrumpje	asielzoekerscentrum:n
axiomatische	axiomatisch:a
overtuigers	overtuiger:n
overtuigertje	overtuiger:n
bevrijdingsoorlogen	bevrijdingsoorlog:n
bevrijdingsoorlogje	bevrijdingsoorlog:n
begeerlijker	begeerlijk:a
begeerlijkst	begeerlijk:a
begeerlijke	begeerlijk:a
begeerlijkere	begeerlijk:a
begeerlijkste	begeerlijk:a
bilstukken	bilstuk:n
bilstukje	bilstuk:n
raamloze	raamloos:a
aanwaai	aanwaaien:v
aanwaaide	aanwaaien:v
aanwaait	aanwaaien:v
aanwaaiden	aanwaaien:v
aanwaaiend	aanwaaien:v
aangewaaid	aanwaaien:v
aanwoei	aanwaaien:v
aanwoeien	aanwaaien:v
tegenspelers	tegenspeler:n
tegenspelertje	tegenspeler:n
epigrafische	epigrafisch:a
welluidender	welluidend:a
welluidendst	welluidend:a
welluidende	welluidend:a
welluidendere	welluidend:a
welluidendste	welluidend:a
hoedanigheidswoorden	hoedanigheidswoord:n
hoedanigheidswoordje	hoedanigheidswoord:n
audiënties	audiëntie:n
autaar	altaar:n
saboteer	saboteren:v
saboteerde	saboteren:v
saboteert	saboteren:v
saboteerden	saboteren:v
saboterend	saboteren:v
gesaboteerd	saboteren:v
hapjespannen	hapjespan:n
hapjespannetje	hapjespan:n
römertopfen	römertopf:n
römertopfje	römertopf:n
bakplaten	bakplaat:n
bakplaatje	bakplaat:n
ovenplaten	ovenplaat:n
ovenplaatje	ovenplaat:n
ovenwanten	ovenwant:n
ovenwantje	ovenwant:n
ovenhandschoenen	ovenhandschoen:n
ovenhandschoentje	ovenhandschoen:n
behavioristische	behavioristisch:a
actualiseer	actualiseren:v
actualiseerde	actualiseren:v
actualiseert	actualiseren:v
actualiseerden	actualiseren:v
actualiserend	actualiseren:v
geactualiseerd	actualiseren:v
kruimelvlaaien	kruimelvlaai:n
kruimelvlaaitje	kruimelvlaai:n
fractievoorzitters	fractievoorzitter:n
fractievoorzittertje	fractievoorzitter:n
Atheners	Athener:n
feeststollen	feeststol:n
feeststolletje	feeststol:n
zwoelten	zwoelte:n
zwoeltes	zwoelte:n
microtoestanden	microtoestand:n
microtoestandje	microtoestand:n
macrotoestanden	macrotoestand:n
macrotoestandje	macrotoestand:n
differentiaalvergelijkingen	differentiaalvergelijking:n
differentiaalvergelijkinkje	differentiaalvergelijking:n
regeringsleiders	regeringsleider:n
regeringsleidertje	regeringsleider:n
overmeesteringen	overmeestering:n
overmeesterinkje	overmeestering:n
differentiaalrekeningen	differentiaalrekening:n
differentiaalrekeninkje	differentiaalrekening:n
houtprenten	houtprent:n
houtprentje	houtprent:n
heerscharen	heerschare:n
koekblikken	koekblik:n
koekblikje	koekblik:n
koekendozen	koekendoos:n
koekendoosje	koekendoos:n
koektrommels	koektrommel:n
koektrommeltje	koektrommel:n
klimaatbeleiden	klimaatbeleid:n
herkauw	herkauwen:v
herkauwde	herkauwen:v
herkauwt	herkauwen:v
herkauwden	herkauwen:v
herkauwend	herkauwen:v
herkauwd	herkauwen:v
talm	talmen:v
talmde	talmen:v
talmt	talmen:v
talmden	talmen:v
talmend	talmen:v
getalmd	talmen:v
i-grecs	i-grec:n
i-grecje	i-grec:n
jonnen	gunnen:v
collecties	collectie:n
collectietje	collectie:n
mijns	mijn:t|ik:r
uwen	uw:t
beermarters	beermarter:n
beermartertje	beermarter:n
bintoerongs	bintoerong:n
bintoeronkje	bintoerong:n
onkosten	onkost:n
onkostje	onkost:n
blikseminslagen	blikseminslag:n
blikseminslagje	blikseminslag:n
vuilwitter	vuilwit:a
vuilwitst	vuilwit:a
demografische	demografisch:a
deontologische	deontologisch:a
diabetische	diabetisch:a
diagnostische	diagnostisch:a
diakritische	diakritisch:a
zweepspinnen	zweepspin:n
zweepspinnetje	zweepspin:n
zweepstaarten	zweepstaart:n
zweepstaartje	zweepstaart:n
zweepharen	zweephaar:n
zweephaartje	zweephaar:n
zweepdraden	zweepdraad:n
zweepdraadje	zweepdraad:n
opzweep	opzwepen:v
opzweepte	opzwepen:v
opzweept	opzwepen:v
opzweepten	opzwepen:v
opzwepend	opzwepen:v
opgezweept	opzwepen:v
afverf	afverven:v
afverfde	afverven:v
afverft	afverven:v
afverfden	afverven:v
afvervend	afverven:v
afgeverfd	afverven:v
binnenbeurzen	binnenbeurs:n
binnenbeursje	binnenbeurs:n
binnenbanen	binnenbaan:n
binnenbaantje	binnenbaan:n
achterzakken	achterzak:n
achterzakje	achterzak:n
kontzakken	kontzak:n
kontzakje	kontzak:n
bovenbazen	bovenbaas:n
bovenbaasje	bovenbaas:n
praksels	praksel:n
prakseltje	praksel:n
proeksels	proeksel:n
proekseltje	proeksel:n
heeten	heten:v
dinsdagdips	dinsdagdip:n
dinsdagdipje	dinsdagdip:n
doorgesnovener	doorgesnoven:a
doorgesnovenst	doorgesnoven:a
doorgesnovene	doorgesnoven:a
doorgesnovenste	doorgesnoven:a
arbitrairder	arbitrair:a
arbitrairst	arbitrair:a
arbitraire	arbitrair:a
arbitrairdere	arbitrair:a
arbitrairste	arbitrair:a
dystopischer	dystopisch:a
dystopischt	dystopisch:a
dystopische	dystopisch:a
dystopischere	dystopisch:a
dystopischte	dystopisch:a
godinnelijker	godinnelijk:a
godinnelijkst	godinnelijk:a
godinnelijke	godinnelijk:a
godinnelijkere	godinnelijk:a
godinnelijkste	godinnelijk:a
schaers	schaars:a
egalitairder	egalitair:a
egalitairst	egalitair:a
egalitaire	egalitair:a
egalitairdere	egalitair:a
egalitairste	egalitair:a
eigenwijzer	eigenwijs:a
eigenwijst	eigenwijs:a
eigenwijze	eigenwijs:a
eigenwijzere	eigenwijs:a
eigenwijste	eigenwijs:a
strebers	streber:n
strebertje	streber:n
thesauries	thesaurie:n
thesorie	thesaurie:n
tresories	tresorie:n
tresoriërs	tresoriër:n
thesauriër	thesaurier:n
tegenstreef	tegenstreven:v
tegenstreefde	tegenstreven:v
tegenstreeft	tegenstreven:v
tegenstreefden	tegenstreven:v
tegenstrevend	tegenstreven:v
tegengestreefd	tegenstreven:v
vetplanten	vetplant:n
vetplantje	vetplant:n
tienpuntenschalen	tienpuntenschaal:n
muntunies	muntunie:n
begrotingsunies	begrotingsunie:n
saprijker	saprijk:a
saprijkst	saprijk:a
saprijke	saprijk:a
saprijkere	saprijk:a
saprijkste	saprijk:a
sappigheden	sappigheid:n
lapzalf	lapzalven:v
lapzalfde	lapzalven:v
lapzalft	lapzalven:v
lapzalfden	lapzalven:v
lapzalvend	lapzalven:v
gelapzalfd	lapzalven:v
tegenstrevers	tegenstrever:n
tegenstrevertje	tegenstrever:n
productiefactoren	productiefactor:n
pastinak	pastinaak:n
idiootbestendige	idiootbestendig:a
onderhoudsplichten	onderhoudsplicht:n
haer	haar:n
elektrodynamische	elektrodynamisch:a
emblematischer	emblematisch:a
emblematische	emblematisch:a
emblematischere	emblematisch:a
empathischer	empathisch:a
empathischt	empathisch:a
empathische	empathisch:a
empathischere	empathisch:a
empathischte	empathisch:a
enigmatischer	enigmatisch:a
enigmatischt	enigmatisch:a
enigmatische	enigmatisch:a
enigmatischere	enigmatisch:a
enigmatischte	enigmatisch:a
vaccineringen	vaccinering:n
vraghe	vraag:n
vraeghe	vraag:n
vraege	vraag:n
vraaghe	vraag:n
vraach	vraag:n
vraagh	vraag:n
vraeg	vraag:n
vraegh	vraag:n
vraech	vraag:n
verhuizers	verhuizer:n
verhuizertje	verhuizer:n
aanren	aanrennen:v
aanrende	aanrennen:v
aanrent	aanrennen:v
aanrenden	aanrennen:v
aanrennend	aanrennen:v
aangerend	aanrennen:v
aanvoel	aanvoelen:v
aanvoelde	aanvoelen:v
aanvoelt	aanvoelen:v
aanvoelden	aanvoelen:v
aanvoelend	aanvoelen:v
aangevoeld	aanvoelen:v
sprieten	spriet:n
sprietje	spriet:n
bekwijl	bekwijlen:v
bekwijlde	bekwijlen:v
bekwijlt	bekwijlen:v
bekwijlden	bekwijlen:v
bekwijlend	bekwijlen:v
bekwijld	bekwijlen:v
epidemische	epidemisch:a
arsenalen	arsenaal:n
arsenaaltje	arsenaal:n
argusogen	argusoog:n
argusoogje	argusoog:n
gastrischer	gastrisch:a
gastrischt	gastrisch:a
gastrische	gastrisch:a
gastrischere	gastrisch:a
gastrischte	gastrisch:a
epigenetische	epigenetisch:a
accedeer	accederen:v
accedeerde	accederen:v
accedeert	accederen:v
accedeerden	accederen:v
accederend	accederen:v
geaccedeerd	accederen:v
epigrammatische	epigrammatisch:a
episodische	episodisch:a
afwen	afwennen:v
afwende	afwennen:v
afwent	afwennen:v
afwenden	afwennen:v
afwennend	afwennen:v
epistemologische	epistemologisch:a
landnames	landname:n
landnamen	landname:n
landnaam	landsnaam:n
harpoeniers	harpoenier:n
harpoeniertje	harpoenier:n
afschets	afschetsen:v
afschetste	afschetsen:v
afschetst	afschetsen:v
afschetsten	afschetsen:v
afschetsend	afschetsen:v
afgeschetst	afschetsen:v
leernichten	leernicht:n
leernichtje	leernicht:n
aanritten	aanrit:n
bedrijfsklimaten	bedrijfsklimaat:n
dolkstoten	dolkstoot:n
dolkstootje	dolkstoot:n
aantaal	aantalen:v
aantaalde	aantalen:v
aantaalt	aantalen:v
aantaalden	aantalen:v
aantalend	aantalen:v
aangetaald	aantalen:v
aantalen	aantaal:n
aantaaltje	aantaal:n
asberen	asbeer:n
asbeertje	asbeer:n
honingdassen	honingdas:n
honingdasje	honingdas:n
eschatologische	eschatologisch:a
exegetische	exegetisch:a
kinderwensen	kinderwens:n
kinderwensje	kinderwens:n
kleinkinderwensen	kleinkinderwens:n
doodswensen	doodswens:n
doodswensje	doodswens:n
gelukwensen	gelukwens:n
gelukwensje	gelukwens:n
dubbelbloeden	dubbelbloed:n
dubbelbloedje	dubbelbloed:n
dwarsfluiten	dwarsfluit:n
dwarsfluitje	dwarsfluit:n
watermerken	watermerk:n
watermerkje	watermerk:n
mulattinnen	mulattin:n
mulattinnetje	mulattin:n
wederspoeden	wederspoed:n
tempeesten	tempeest:n
tempeestje	tempeest:n
oorloof	oorloven:v
oorloofde	oorloven:v
oorlooft	oorloven:v
oorloofden	oorloven:v
oorlovend	oorloven:v
geoorloofd	oorloven:v
oorlof	oorloven:v
oorlofde	oorloven:v
oorloft	oorloven:v
oorlofden	oorloven:v
geoorlofd	oorloven:v
zielsblije	zielsblij:a
goddelozer	goddeloos:a
goddeloost	goddeloos:a
goddeloze	goddeloos:a
goddelozere	goddeloos:a
goddelooste	goddeloos:a
aanwoeker	aanwoekeren:v
aanwoekerde	aanwoekeren:v
aanwoekert	aanwoekeren:v
aanwoekerden	aanwoekeren:v
aanwoekerend	aanwoekeren:v
aangewoekerd	aanwoekeren:v
aanweef	aanweven:v
aanweefde	aanweven:v
aanweeft	aanweven:v
aanweefden	aanweven:v
aanwevend	aanweven:v
aangeweven	aanweven:v
beenvliezen	beenvlies:n
beenvliesje	beenvlies:n
godlozer	godloos:a
godloost	godloos:a
godgeloviger	godgelovig:a
godgelovigst	godgelovig:a
holenberen	holenbeer:n
holenbeertje	holenbeer:n
onderzoeksteams	onderzoeksteam:n
onderzoeksteampje	onderzoeksteam:n
oogwenken	oogwenk:n
oogwenkje	oogwenk:n
ogenwenk	oogwenk:n
inroetsj	inroetsjen:v
inroetsjte	inroetsjen:v
inroetsjt	inroetsjen:v
inroetsjten	inroetsjen:v
inroetsjend	inroetsjen:v
ingeroetsjt	inroetsjen:v
roetsj	roetsjen:v
roetsjte	roetsjen:v
roetsjt	roetsjen:v
roetsjten	roetsjen:v
roetsjend	roetsjen:v
geroetsjt	roetsjen:v
opspat	opspatten:v
opspatte	opspatten:v
opspattend	opspatten:v
opgespat	opspatten:v
ankerogen	ankeroog:n
ankeroogje	ankeroog:n
theïstische	theïstisch:a
atheïstische	atheïstisch:a
deïstische	deïstisch:a
theïsten	theïst:n
theïstje	theïst:n
deïsten	deïst:n
deïstje	deïst:n
aflos	aflossen:v
afloste	aflossen:v
aflost	aflossen:v
aflosten	aflossen:v
aflossend	aflossen:v
afgelost	aflossen:v
bijensterften	bijensterfte:n
bijensterftes	bijensterfte:n
dronkenmannen	dronkenman:n
dronkenmannetje	dronkenman:n
dronkeman	dronkenman:n
Zeloten	Zeloot:n
Zelootje	Zeloot:n
zelootje	zeloot:n
aanspelingen	aanspeling:n
aanspelinkje	aanspeling:n
aanspeel	aanspelen:v
aanspeelde	aanspelen:v
aanspeelt	aanspelen:v
aanspeelden	aanspelen:v
aanspelend	aanspelen:v
aangespeeld	aanspelen:v
bewelkom	bewelkomen:v
bewelkomde	bewelkomen:v
bewelkomt	bewelkomen:v
bewelkomden	bewelkomen:v
bewelkomend	bewelkomen:v
bewelkomd	bewelkomen:v
boekenvriendinnen	boekenvriendin:n
boekenvriendinnetje	boekenvriendin:n
bibliofielen	bibliofiel:n
bibliofieltje	bibliofiel:n
bibliofiele	bibliofiel:a
bibliofilistische	bibliofilistisch:a
aanstekingen	aansteking:n
aanstekinkje	aansteking:n
aanstamp	aanstampen:v
aanstampte	aanstampen:v
aanstampt	aanstampen:v
aanstampten	aanstampen:v
aanstampend	aanstampen:v
aangestampt	aanstampen:v
godloocheningen	godloochening:n
groten	groot:a
fopletters	fopletter:n
foplettertje	fopletter:n
kanonnevoer	kanonnenvoer:n
kanonnenvoeder	kanonnenvoer:n
scheepskanonnen	scheepskanon:n
scheepskanons	scheepskanon:n
scheepskanonnetje	scheepskanon:n
wederliefden	wederliefde:n
wederliefdes	wederliefde:n
boekenliefhebbers	boekenliefhebber:n
boekenliefhebbertje	boekenliefhebber:n
bibliothekaris	bibliothecaris:n
bezondig	bezondigen:v
bezondigde	bezondigen:v
bezondigt	bezondigen:v
bezondigden	bezondigen:v
bezondigend	bezondigen:v
bezondigd	bezondigen:v
beween	bewenen:v
beweende	bewenen:v
beweent	bewenen:v
beweenden	bewenen:v
bewenend	bewenen:v
beweend	bewenen:v
dwangburchten	dwangburcht:n
dwangburchtje	dwangburcht:n
afknijp	afknijpen:v
afkneep	afknijpen:v
afknijpt	afknijpen:v
afknepen	afknijpen:v
afknijpend	afknijpen:v
afgeknepen	afknijpen:v
plaagletters	plaagletter:n
plaaglettertje	plaagletter:n
warhoofden	warhoofd:n
warhoofdje	warhoofd:n
wargeesten	wargeest:n
wargeestje	wargeest:n
Hollant	Holland:m
Gelre	Gelderen:m
Haerlem	Haarlem:m
wervelstromen	wervelstroom:n
wervelstroompje	wervelstroom:n
overklas	overklassen:v
overklaste	overklassen:v
overklast	overklassen:v
overklasten	overklassen:v
overklassend	overklassen:v
haarborstels	haarborstel:n
haarborsteltje	haarborstel:n
sekssymbolen	sekssymbool:n
sekssymbooltje	sekssymbool:n
Marron	marron:n
verhaallijnen	verhaallijn:n
verhaallijntje	verhaallijn:n
stuntteams	stuntteam:n
stuntteampje	stuntteam:n
feminicides	feminicide:n
feminicidetje	feminicide:n
vrouwenmoorden	vrouwenmoord:n
vrouwenmoordje	vrouwenmoord:n
machoculturen	machocultuur:n
machocultuurtje	machocultuur:n
keeren	keren:v
poeldraken	poeldraak:n
poeldraakje	poeldraak:n
beregeile	beregeil:a
appelzalven	appelzalf:n
boomrijker	boomrijk:a
boomrijkst	boomrijk:a
boomrijke	boomrijk:a
boomrijkere	boomrijk:a
boomrijkste	boomrijk:a
armstoelen	armstoel:n
armstoeltje	armstoel:n
loeiharde	loeihard:a
approximaties	approximatie:n
bezwanger	bezwangeren:v
bezwangerde	bezwangeren:v
bezwangert	bezwangeren:v
bezwangerden	bezwangeren:v
bezwangerend	bezwangeren:v
bezwangerd	bezwangeren:v
brandslangen	brandslang:n
brandslangetje	brandslang:n
hennip	hennep:n
ligchaam	lichaam:n
brandwonde	brandwond:n
togt	tocht:n
borgtogt	borgtocht:n
bomschuiten	bomschuit:n
bomschuitje	bomschuit:n
afmolm	afmolmen:v
afmolmde	afmolmen:v
afmolmt	afmolmen:v
afmolmden	afmolmen:v
afmolmend	afmolmen:v
afgemolmd	afmolmen:v
afkeriger	afkerig:a
afkerigst	afkerig:a
afkerige	afkerig:a
afkerigere	afkerig:a
afkerigste	afkerig:a
eeren	eren:v
startpijnen	startpijn:n
startpijntje	startpijn:n
groeipijnen	groeipijn:n
groeipijntje	groeipijn:n
passievruchtensappen	passievruchtensap:n
passievruchtensapje	passievruchtensap:n
foertstemmen	foertstem:n
foertstemmetje	foertstem:n
proteststemmen	proteststem:n
proteststemmetje	proteststem:n
gensters	genster:n
genstertje	genster:n
gensterken	genster:n
narratiever	narratief:a
narratiefst	narratief:a
narratieven	narratief:n
narratiefje	narratief:n
inlooppijnen	inlooppijn:n
inlooppijntje	inlooppijn:n
misdoe	misdoen:v
misdeed	misdoen:v
misdoet	misdoen:v
misdeden	misdoen:v
misdoend	misdoen:v
misdaan	misdoen:v
vuurkorven	vuurkorf:n
vuurkorfje	vuurkorf:n
hemelbestormers	hemelbestormer:n
hemelbestormertje	hemelbestormer:n
aliëneer	aliëneren:v
aliëneerde	aliëneren:v
aliëneert	aliëneren:v
aliëneerden	aliëneren:v
aliënerend	aliëneren:v
gealiëneerd	aliëneren:v
bergkristallen	bergkristal:n
bergkristalletje	bergkristal:n
berggoden	berggod:n
berggodje	berggod:n
berggodinnen	berggodin:n
berggodinnetje	berggodin:n
nutsbanken	nutsbank:n
nutsbankje	nutsbank:n
bijbelwetenschappen	bijbelwetenschap:n
aannaai	aannaaien:v
aannaaide	aannaaien:v
aannaait	aannaaien:v
aannaaiden	aannaaien:v
aannaaiend	aannaaien:v
aangenaaid	aannaaien:v
aanklamp	aanklampen:v
aanklampte	aanklampen:v
aanklampt	aanklampen:v
aanklampten	aanklampen:v
aanklampend	aanklampen:v
aangeklampt	aanklampen:v
kantoortuinen	kantoortuin:n
kantoortuintje	kantoortuin:n
zeehavens	zeehaven:n
zeehaventje	zeehaven:n
programmaturen	programmatuur:n
programmatuurtje	programmatuur:n
kroft	krocht:n
internettrollen	internettrol:n
internettrolletje	internettrol:n
bijbelneukers	bijbelneuker:n
bijbelneukertje	bijbelneuker:n
hogepriesteressen	hogepriesteres:n
hogepriesteresje	hogepriesteres:n
etablissementen	etablissement:n
etablissementje	etablissement:n
driekantige	driekantig:a
tuinkamers	tuinkamer:n
tuinkamertje	tuinkamer:n
wereldverbeteraars	wereldverbeteraar:n
wereldverbeteraartje	wereldverbeteraar:n
boerenplaatsen	boerenplaats:n
boerenplaatsje	boerenplaats:n
puberale	puberaal:a
terugpak	terugpakken:v
terugpakte	terugpakken:v
terugpakt	terugpakken:v
terugpakten	terugpakken:v
terugpakkend	terugpakken:v
teruggepakt	terugpakken:v
riksja's	riksja:n
riksjaatje	riksja:n
fietsriksja's	fietsriksja:n
fietsriksjaatje	fietsriksja:n
fietstaxi's	fietstaxi:n
fietstaxietje	fietstaxi:n
lijkenvelden	lijkenveld:n
lijkenveldje	lijkenveld:n
lijkenpikkers	lijkenpikker:n
lijkenpikkertje	lijkenpikker:n
waakvlammen	waakvlam:n
waakvlammetje	waakvlam:n
vlammetjes	vlammetje:n
moderniteiten	moderniteit:n
moderniteitje	moderniteit:n
leermeningen	leermening:n
leermeninkje	leermening:n
paardenvijgen	paardenvijg:n
paardenvijgje	paardenvijg:n
edelheit	edelheid:n
geometrische	geometrisch:a
raarlingen	raarling:n
raarlingetje	raarling:n
aanklagingen	aanklaging:n
aanklaginkje	aanklaging:n
aankondigers	aankondiger:n
aankondigertje	aankondiger:n
bijwoningen	bijwoning:n
bijwoninkje	bijwoning:n
aanhalingen	aanhaling:n
aanhalinkje	aanhaling:n
confiscaties	confiscatie:n
bergplaatsen	bergplaats:n
bergplaatsje	bergplaats:n
ruimtekrommen	ruimtekromme:n
unsters	unster:n
unstertje	unster:n
arcadehallen	arcadehal:n
arcadehalletje	arcadehal:n
berooven	beroven:v
bouwmannen	bouwman:n
bouwmannetje	bouwman:n
tijdstempels	tijdstempel:n
tijdstempeltje	tijdstempel:n
tijdsverschillen	tijdsverschil:n
tijdsverschilletje	tijdsverschil:n
imperialer	imperiaal:a
imperiaalst	imperiaal:a
imperiale	imperiaal:a
imperialere	imperiaal:a
imperiaalste	imperiaal:a
imperialen	imperiaal:n
imperiaaltje	imperiaal:n
iatrogener	iatrogeen:a
iatrogeenst	iatrogeen:a
iatrogene	iatrogeen:a
iatrogenere	iatrogeen:a
iatrogeenste	iatrogeen:a
ideeëlozer	ideeëloos:a
ideeëloost	ideeëloos:a
ideeëloze	ideeëloos:a
ideeëlozere	ideeëloos:a
ideeëlooste	ideeëloos:a
alfanumerieke	alfanumeriek:a
iconografische	iconografisch:a
ululeer	ululeren:v
ululeerde	ululeren:v
ululeert	ululeren:v
ululeerden	ululeren:v
ululerend	ululeren:v
geüluleerd	ululeren:v
blokkeringsminderheden	blokkeringsminderheid:n
blokkeringsminderheidje	blokkeringsminderheid:n
haringwormziekten	haringwormziekte:n
haringwormziektes	haringwormziekte:n
haringwormziektetje	haringwormziekte:n
haringwormen	haringworm:n
haringwormpje	haringworm:n
deuvels	deuvel:n
deuveltje	deuvel:n
onweersbeestjes	onweersbeestje:n
broodschrijvers	broodschrijver:n
broodschrijvertje	broodschrijver:n
broodschrijfsters	broodschrijfster:n
broodschrijfstertje	broodschrijfster:n
breinlozer	breinloos:a
breinloost	breinloos:a
breinloze	breinloos:a
breinlozere	breinloos:a
breinlooste	breinloos:a
breinaalden	breinaald:n
breinaaldje	breinaald:n
afbeitel	afbeitelen:v
afbeitelde	afbeitelen:v
afbeitelt	afbeitelen:v
afbeitelden	afbeitelen:v
afbeitelend	afbeitelen:v
afgebeiteld	afbeitelen:v
beitel	beitelen:v
beitelde	beitelen:v
beitelt	beitelen:v
beitelden	beitelen:v
beitelend	beitelen:v
gebeiteld	beitelen:v
gasvelden	gasveld:n
gasveldje	gasveld:n
olievelden	olieveld:n
olieveldje	olieveld:n
hersenlozer	hersenloos:a
hersenloost	hersenloos:a
hersenloze	hersenloos:a
hersenlozere	hersenloos:a
hersenlooste	hersenloos:a
oorlogstrommen	oorlogstrom:n
oorlogstrommetje	oorlogstrom:n
grindiger	grindig:a
grindigst	grindig:a
standaardtalen	standaardtaal:n
standaardtaaltje	standaardtaal:n
spaanderplaten	spaanderplaat:n
spaanderplaatje	spaanderplaat:n
schraapzuchten	schraapzucht:n
schraapzuchtje	schraapzucht:n
landouwen	landouw:n
landouwtje	landouw:n
zorgmijders	zorgmijder:n
zorgmijdertje	zorgmijder:n
onttijg	onttijgen:v
onttoog	onttijgen:v
onttijgt	onttijgen:v
onttogen	onttijgen:v
onttijgend	onttijgen:v
burgerregeringen	burgerregering:n
burgerregerinkje	burgerregering:n
achtermiddagen	achtermiddag:n
achtermiddagje	achtermiddag:n
baarleden	baarlid:n
aspersie	asperge:n
afdraag	afdragen:v
afdroeg	afdragen:v
afdraagt	afdragen:v
afdroegen	afdragen:v
afdragend	afdragen:v
afgedragen	afdragen:v
achterlanden	achterland:n
achterlandje	achterland:n
bakerhaaien	bakerhaai:n
bakerhaaitje	bakerhaai:n
chaloetsiem	chaloets:n
adderbeten	adderbeet:n
adderbeetje	adderbeet:n
brouwhuizen	brouwhuis:n
brouwhuisje	brouwhuis:n
bruidsbedden	bruidsbed:n
bruidsbedje	bruidsbed:n
bruiloftsbedden	bruiloftsbed:n
bruiloftsbedje	bruiloftsbed:n
broodtrommels	broodtrommel:n
broodtrommeltje	broodtrommel:n
suikerbroden	suikerbrood:n
suikerbroodje	suikerbrood:n
broodsuikers	broodsuiker:n
broodsuikertje	broodsuiker:n
afschriften	afschrift:n
afschriftje	afschrift:n
planeconomieën	planeconomie:n
planeconomietje	planeconomie:n
rechtsorden	rechtsorde:n
rechtsordes	rechtsorde:n
afrasp	afraspen:v
afraspte	afraspen:v
afraspt	afraspen:v
afraspten	afraspen:v
afraspend	afraspen:v
afgeraspt	afraspen:v
sneeuwbanden	sneeuwband:n
sneeuwbandje	sneeuwband:n
buurvrijers	buurvrijer:n
buurvrijertje	buurvrijer:n
bushuizen	bushuis:n
bushuisje	bushuis:n
lijkwitte	lijkwit:a
bloedzweren	bloedzweer:n
bloedzweertje	bloedzweer:n
bloedzusters	bloedzuster:n
bloedzustertje	bloedzuster:n
archivarissen	archivaris:n
archivarisje	archivaris:n
archivarii	archivarius:n
lettervruchten	lettervrucht:n
lettervruchtje	lettervrucht:n
pennenvruchten	pennenvrucht:n
pennenvruchtje	pennenvrucht:n
brouwsels	brouwsel:n
brouwseltje	brouwsel:n
ophaalbruggen	ophaalbrug:n
ophaalbrugje	ophaalbrug:n
breiklossen	breiklos:n
breiklosje	breiklos:n
bijenvolken	bijenvolk:n
bijenvolkeren	bijenvolk:n
bijenvolkje	bijenvolk:n
Beieren	Beier:n
Beiertje	Beier:n
stemgerechtigde	stemgerechtigd:a
wasschen	wassen:v
bijenkolonies	bijenkolonie:n
bijgelovigheden	bijgelovigheid:n
bijgelovigheidje	bijgelovigheid:n
speruren	speruur:n
boevenklokken	boevenklok:n
boevenklokje	boevenklok:n
baarblijkelijker	baarblijkelijk:a
baarblijkelijkst	baarblijkelijk:a
baarblijkelijke	baarblijkelijk:a
baarblijkelijkere	baarblijkelijk:a
baarblijkelijkste	baarblijkelijk:a
asgrauwe	asgrauw:a
bussels	bussel:n
busseltje	bussel:n
bussel	busselen:v
busselde	busselen:v
busselt	busselen:v
busselden	busselen:v
busselend	busselen:v
gebusseld	busselen:v
burgervoogden	burgervoogd:n
burgervoogdje	burgervoogd:n
hemelvuren	hemelvuur:n
schreeuweriger	schreeuwerig:a
schreeuwerigst	schreeuwerig:a
schreeuwerige	schreeuwerig:a
schreeuwerigere	schreeuwerig:a
schreeuwerigste	schreeuwerig:a
aflik	aflikken:v
aflikte	aflikken:v
aflikt	aflikken:v
aflikten	aflikken:v
aflikkend	aflikken:v
afgelikt	aflikken:v
schaduwkabinetten	schaduwkabinet:n
schaduwkabinetje	schaduwkabinet:n
aankaart	aankaarten:v
aankaartte	aankaarten:v
aankaartten	aankaarten:v
aankaartend	aankaarten:v
aangekaart	aankaarten:v
toover	tover:n
vervaar	vervaren:v
vervaart	vervaren:v
vervoeren	vervaren:v
vervarend	vervaren:v
vervaarden	vervaren:v
vervaard	vervaren:v
afgraas	afgrazen:v
afgraasde	afgrazen:v
afgraast	afgrazen:v
afgraasden	afgrazen:v
afgrazend	afgrazen:v
afgegraasd	afgrazen:v
bruidsjurken	bruidsjurk:n
bruidsjurkje	bruidsjurk:n
broodroof	broodroven:v
broodroofde	broodroven:v
broodrooft	broodroven:v
broodroofden	broodroven:v
broodrovend	broodroven:v
gebroodroofd	broodroven:v
hangbruggen	hangbrug:n
hangbruggetje	hangbrug:n
importbruidegommen	importbruidegom:n
importbruidegompje	importbruidegom:n
importbruiden	importbruid:n
importbruidje	importbruid:n
benedenburen	benedenbuur:n
benedenbuurtje	benedenbuur:n
onderburen	onderbuur:n
onderbuurtje	onderbuur:n
bovenburen	bovenbuur:n
bovenbuurtje	bovenbuur:n
braadspitten	braadspit:n
braadspeten	braadspit:n
braadspitje	braadspit:n
boterbergen	boterberg:n
boterbergje	boterberg:n
afwoeker	afwoekeren:v
afwoekerde	afwoekeren:v
afwoekert	afwoekeren:v
afwoekerden	afwoekeren:v
afwoekerend	afwoekeren:v
afgewoekerd	afwoekeren:v
altaarstukken	altaarstuk:n
altaarstukje	altaarstuk:n
aangooi	aangooien:v
aangooide	aangooien:v
aangooit	aangooien:v
aangooiden	aangooien:v
aangooiend	aangooien:v
aangegooid	aangooien:v
kabeleren	kabaleren:v
kabaleer	kabaleren:v
kabaleerde	kabaleren:v
kabaleert	kabaleren:v
kabaleerden	kabaleren:v
kabelerend	kabaleren:v
gekabaleerd	kabaleren:v
buurthuizen	buurthuis:n
buurthuisje	buurthuis:n
burgerpartijen	burgerpartij:n
burgerpartijtje	burgerpartij:n
aardslakken	aardslak:n
aardslakje	aardslak:n
koekjessnijders	koekjessnijder:n
koekjessnijdertje	koekjessnijder:n
wijnhuizen	wijnhuis:n
wijnhuisje	wijnhuis:n
volkstalen	volkstaal:n
volkstaaltje	volkstaal:n
slagerijen	slagerij:n
slagerijtje	slagerij:n
verduurzamingen	verduurzaming:n
verduurzaminkje	verduurzaming:n
afkokers	afkoker:n
afkokertje	afkoker:n
vrouwenhaters	vrouwenhater:n
vrouwenhatertje	vrouwenhater:n
aanerf	aanerven:v
aanerfde	aanerven:v
aanerft	aanerven:v
aanerfden	aanerven:v
aanervend	aanerven:v
aangeërfd	aanerven:v
bedremmel	bedremmelen:v
bedremmelde	bedremmelen:v
bedremmelt	bedremmelen:v
bedremmelden	bedremmelen:v
bedremmelend	bedremmelen:v
bedremmeld	bedremmelen:v
bedriegelijk	bedrieglijk:a
holografischer	holografisch:a
holografischt	holografisch:a
holografische	holografisch:a
holografischere	holografisch:a
holografischte	holografisch:a
biervliegen	biervlieg:n
biervliegje	biervlieg:n
tuinbonen	tuinboon:n
tuinboontje	tuinboon:n
glibber	glibberen:v
glibberde	glibberen:v
glibbert	glibberen:v
glibberden	glibberen:v
glibberend	glibberen:v
geglibberd	glibberen:v
humanistischer	humanistisch:a
humanistischt	humanistisch:a
humanistische	humanistisch:a
humanistischere	humanistisch:a
humanistischte	humanistisch:a
wegschrijf	wegschrijven:v
wegschreef	wegschrijven:v
wegschrijft	wegschrijven:v
wegschreven	wegschrijven:v
wegschrijvend	wegschrijven:v
weggeschreven	wegschrijven:v
hydraulischer	hydraulisch:a
hydraulischt	hydraulisch:a
hydraulische	hydraulisch:a
hydraulischere	hydraulisch:a
hydraulischte	hydraulisch:a
idyllischer	idyllisch:a
idyllischt	idyllisch:a
idyllische	idyllisch:a
idyllischere	idyllisch:a
idyllischte	idyllisch:a
groenblauwen	groenblauw:n
groenblauwer	groenblauw:a
groenblauwst	groenblauw:a
groenblauwe	groenblauw:a
groenblauwere	groenblauw:a
groenblauwste	groenblauw:a
groenblauws	groenblauw:a
meerjarige	meerjarig:a
rechtelijker	rechtelijk:a
rechtelijkst	rechtelijk:a
rechtelijke	rechtelijk:a
rechtelijkere	rechtelijk:a
rechtelijkste	rechtelijk:a
dinken	denken:v
tusschen	tussen:p
luguberder	luguber:a
luguberst	luguber:a
lugubere	luguber:a
luguberdere	luguber:a
luguberste	luguber:a
eschatologischer	eschatologische:a
eschatologischest	eschatologische:a
irrigeer	irrigeren:v
irrigeerde	irrigeren:v
irrigeert	irrigeren:v
irrigeerden	irrigeren:v
irrigerend	irrigeren:v
geïrrigeerd	irrigeren:v
bisams	bisam:n
menukaarten	menukaart:n
menukaartje	menukaart:n
goudbruiner	goudbruin:a
goudbruinst	goudbruin:a
goudbruine	goudbruin:a
goudbruinere	goudbruin:a
goudbruinste	goudbruin:a
verantwoordingen	verantwoording:n
verantwoordingetje	verantwoording:n
waskommen	waskom:n
waskommetje	waskom:n
vergroen	vergroenen:v
vergroende	vergroenen:v
vergroent	vergroenen:v
vergroenden	vergroenen:v
vergroenend	vergroenen:v
vergroend	vergroenen:v
windparken	windpark:n
windparkje	windpark:n
spendeer	spenderen:v
spendeerde	spenderen:v
spendeert	spenderen:v
spendeerden	spenderen:v
spenderend	spenderen:v
gespendeerd	spenderen:v
apertuurtje	apertuur:n
stadsvernieuwingen	stadsvernieuwing:n
stadsvernieuwinkje	stadsvernieuwing:n
verstekelingen	verstekeling:n
verstekelingetje	verstekeling:n
teruggrijp	teruggrijpen:v
teruggreep	teruggrijpen:v
teruggrijpt	teruggrijpen:v
teruggrepen	teruggrijpen:v
teruggrijpend	teruggrijpen:v
teruggegrepen	teruggrijpen:v
breedsprakiger	breedsprakig:a
breedsprakigst	breedsprakig:a
breedsprakige	breedsprakig:a
breedsprakigere	breedsprakig:a
breedsprakigste	breedsprakig:a
breedspraakig	breedsprakig:a
vierwielers	vierwieler:n
vierwielertje	vierwieler:n
buurkinderen	buurkind:n
buurkindje	buurkind:n
aandelenmarkten	aandelenmarkt:n
aandelenmarktje	aandelenmarkt:n
afzetmarkten	afzetmarkt:n
afzetmarktje	afzetmarkt:n
burgerklassen	burgerklasse:n
brandspiegels	brandspiegel:n
brandspiegeltje	brandspiegel:n
herstelbetalingen	herstelbetaling:n
herstelbetalinkje	herstelbetaling:n
Suri's	Suri:n
Surietje	Suri:n
wijnroden	wijnrood:n
wijnroodje	wijnrood:n
wijnroder	wijnrood:a
wijnroodst	wijnrood:a
wijnrode	wijnrood:a
wijnrodere	wijnrood:a
wijnroodste	wijnrood:a
rozeroder	rozerood:a
rozeroodst	rozerood:a
rozerode	rozerood:a
rozerodere	rozerood:a
rozeroodste	rozerood:a
rozenroder	rozenrood:a
rozenroodst	rozenrood:a
rozenrode	rozenrood:a
rozenrodere	rozenrood:a
rozenroodste	rozenrood:a
robijnroder	robijnrood:a
robijnroodst	robijnrood:a
robijnrode	robijnrood:a
robijnrodere	robijnrood:a
robijnroodste	robijnrood:a
robijnen	robijn:n
luisterboeken	luisterboek:n
luisterboekje	luisterboek:n
bordeauxroder	bordeauxrood:a
bordeauxroodst	bordeauxrood:a
bordeauxrode	bordeauxrood:a
bordeauxrodere	bordeauxrood:a
bordeauxroodste	bordeauxrood:a
divisies	divisie:n
bloedroder	bloedrood:a
bloedroodst	bloedrood:a
bloedrode	bloedrood:a
bloedrodere	bloedrood:a
bloedroodste	bloedrood:a
paarsroder	paarsrood:a
paarsroodst	paarsrood:a
paarsrode	paarsrood:a
paarsrodere	paarsrood:a
paarsroodste	paarsrood:a
koraalroder	koraalrood:a
koraalroodst	koraalrood:a
koraalrode	koraalrood:a
koraalrodere	koraalrood:a
koraalroodste	koraalrood:a
kersroder	kersrood:a
kersroodst	kersrood:a
kersrode	kersrood:a
kersrodere	kersrood:a
kersroodste	kersrood:a
kersenroder	kersenrood:a
kersenroodst	kersenrood:a
kersenrode	kersenrood:a
kersenrodere	kersenrood:a
kersenroodste	kersenrood:a
hiërarchische	hiërarchisch:a
roodkoppen	roodkop:n
roodkopje	roodkop:n
tafeleenden	tafeleend:n
tafeleendje	tafeleend:n
zuwes	zuwe:n
toef	toeven:v
toefde	toeven:v
toeft	toeven:v
toefden	toeven:v
toevend	toeven:v
getoefd	toeven:v
schaduwbanken	schaduwbank:n
schaduwbankje	schaduwbank:n
busdragers	busdrager:n
busdragertje	busdrager:n
botergeler	botergeel:a
botergeelst	botergeel:a
botergele	botergeel:a
botergelere	botergeel:a
botergeelste	botergeel:a
honinggeler	honinggeel:a
honinggeelst	honinggeel:a
honinggele	honinggeel:a
honinggelere	honinggeel:a
honinggeelste	honinggeel:a
goudgeler	goudgeel:a
goudgeelst	goudgeel:a
goudgele	goudgeel:a
goudgelere	goudgeel:a
goudgeelste	goudgeel:a
maisgeler	maisgeel:a
maisgeelst	maisgeel:a
maisgele	maisgeel:a
maisgelere	maisgeel:a
maisgeelste	maisgeel:a
strogeler	strogeel:a
strogeelst	strogeel:a
strogele	strogeel:a
strogelere	strogeel:a
strogeelste	strogeel:a
mosterdgeler	mosterdgeel:a
mosterdgeelst	mosterdgeel:a
mosterdgele	mosterdgeel:a
mosterdgelere	mosterdgeel:a
mosterdgeelste	mosterdgeel:a
zandgeler	zandgeel:a
zandgeelst	zandgeel:a
zandgele	zandgeel:a
zandgelere	zandgeel:a
zandgeelste	zandgeel:a
saffraangeler	saffraangeel:a
saffraangeelst	saffraangeel:a
saffraangele	saffraangeel:a
saffraangelere	saffraangeel:a
saffraangeelste	saffraangeel:a
cadmiumgeler	cadmiumgeel:a
cadmiumgeelst	cadmiumgeel:a
cadmiumgele	cadmiumgeel:a
cadmiumgelere	cadmiumgeel:a
cadmiumgeelste	cadmiumgeel:a
settel	settelen:v
settelde	settelen:v
settelt	settelen:v
settelden	settelen:v
settelend	settelen:v
gesetteld	settelen:v
Afro-Aziatische	Afro-Aziatisch:a
Algische	Algisch:a
Algonkische	Algonkisch:a
Altaïsche	Altaïsch:a
Athabaskische	Athabaskisch:a
Austroaziatische	Austroaziatisch:a
Balto-Slavische	Balto-Slavisch:a
Brythonische	Brythonisch:a
Dravidische	Dravidisch:a
Oost-Germaanse	Oost-Germaans:a
Oost-Slavische	Oost-Slavisch:a
Eskimo-Aleoetische	Eskimo-Aleoetisch:a
Goidelische	Goidelisch:a
Hurro-Urartische	Hurro-Urartisch:a
Indo-Arische	Indo-Arisch:a
Indo-Iraanse	Indo-Iraans:a
Indo-Oeraalse	Indo-Oeraals:a
Irokeese	Irokees:a
Italische	Italisch:a
Kartveelse	Kartveels:a
Malayo-Polynesische	Malayo-Polynesisch:a
Nilo-Saharaanse	Nilo-Saharaans:a
Noord-Germaanse	Noord-Germaans:a
Noordwest-Germaanse	Noordwest-Germaans:a
Permische	Permisch:a
Samische	Samisch:a
Samojeedse	Samojeeds:a
Sino-Tibetaanse	Sino-Tibetaans:a
Zuid-Slavische	Zuid-Slavisch:a
Toengoezische	Toengoezisch:a
Oegrische	Oegrisch:a
Oeral-Altaïsche	Oeral-Altaïsch:a
Oeraalse	Oeraals:a
Uto-Azteekse	Uto-Azteeks:a
Vascoons	Vasconisch:a
Vasconische	Vasconisch:a
West-Germaanse	West-Germaans:a
West-Slavische	West-Slavisch:a
Jenisejische	Jenisejisch:a
sportschoenen	sportschoen:n
sportschoentje	sportschoen:n
gymschoenen	gymschoen:n
gymschoentje	gymschoen:n
magmatische	magmatisch:a
busstations	busstation:n
busstationnetje	busstation:n
materialistischer	materialistisch:a
materialistischt	materialistisch:a
materialistische	materialistisch:a
materialistischere	materialistisch:a
materialistischte	materialistisch:a
koppigaards	koppigaard:n
koppigaardje	koppigaard:n
bancaire	bancair:a
marionettenprocessen	marionettenproces:n
marionettenprocesje	marionettenproces:n
marionetten	marionet:n
marionetje	marionet:n
concurrentiekrachten	concurrentiekracht:n
ontslagrechten	ontslagrecht:n
buksbomen	buksboom:n
buksboompje	buksboom:n
buitenkansen	buitenkans:n
buitenkansje	buitenkans:n
maanlandschappen	maanlandschap:n
maanlandschapje	maanlandschap:n
dikkopjes	dikkopje:n
misogyner	misogyn:a
misogynst	misogyn:a
misogyne	misogyn:a
misogynere	misogyn:a
misogynste	misogyn:a
misogynen	misogyn:n
zwerfkatten	zwerfkat:n
zwerfkatje	zwerfkat:n
zwerfhonden	zwerfhond:n
zwerfhondje	zwerfhond:n
aanwas	aanwassen:v
aanwies	aanwassen:v
aanwast	aanwassen:v
aanwiesen	aanwassen:v
aanwassend	aanwassen:v
aangewassen	aanwassen:v
fetisjen	fetisj:n
fetisje	fetisj:n
afborstel	afborstelen:v
afborstelde	afborstelen:v
afborstelt	afborstelen:v
afborstelden	afborstelen:v
afborstelend	afborstelen:v
afgeborsteld	afborstelen:v
schijnprocessen	schijnproces:n
schijnprocesje	schijnproces:n
burgwallen	burgwal:n
burgwalletje	burgwal:n
bloembollen	bloembol:n
bloembolletje	bloembol:n
bloembollenvelden	bloembollenveld:n
bloembollenveldje	bloembollenveld:n
bevracht	bevrachten:v
bevrachtte	bevrachten:v
bevrachtten	bevrachten:v
bevrachtend	bevrachten:v
halachische	halachisch:a
beelde	beelden:v
monastische	monastisch:a
monolithische	monolithisch:a
chargeer	chargeren:v
chargeerde	chargeren:v
chargeert	chargeren:v
chargeerden	chargeren:v
chargerend	chargeren:v
gechargeerd	chargeren:v
busboom	buksboom:n
mystischer	mystisch:a
mystischere	mystisch:a
mystische	mystisch:a
mythische	mythisch:a
bovengoederen	bovengoed:n
bovengoedje	bovengoed:n
fetisjeurs	fetisjeur:n
fetisjeurtje	fetisjeur:n
bergamotbomen	bergamotboom:n
bergamotboompje	bergamotboom:n
nautischer	nautisch:a
nautischt	nautisch:a
nautische	nautisch:a
nautischere	nautisch:a
nautischte	nautisch:a
paradigmatischer	paradigmatisch:a
paradigmatischt	paradigmatisch:a
paradigmatische	paradigmatisch:a
paradigmatischere	paradigmatisch:a
paradigmatischte	paradigmatisch:a
paralympische	paralympisch:a
parasitischer	parasitisch:a
parasitischt	parasitisch:a
parasitische	parasitisch:a
parasitischere	parasitisch:a
parasitischte	parasitisch:a
paternalistischer	paternalistisch:a
paternalistischt	paternalistisch:a
paternalistische	paternalistisch:a
paternalistischere	paternalistisch:a
paternalistischte	paternalistisch:a
penibeler	penibel:a
penibelst	penibel:a
penibele	penibel:a
penibelere	penibel:a
penibelste	penibel:a
buskruid	buskruit:n
boskruit	buskruit:n
boskruid	buskruit:n
pneumatische	pneumatisch:a
plebejische	plebejisch:a
pluralistischer	pluralistisch:a
pluralistischt	pluralistisch:a
pluralistische	pluralistisch:a
pluralistischere	pluralistisch:a
pluralistischte	pluralistisch:a
verbid	verbidden:v
verbad	verbidden:v
verbidt	verbidden:v
verbaden	verbidden:v
verbiddend	verbidden:v
verbeden	verbidden:v
smeedblokken	smeedblok:n
alvermogens	alvermogen:n
jammervoller	jammervol:a
jammervolst	jammervol:a
jammervolle	jammervol:a
jammervollere	jammervol:a
jammervolste	jammervol:a
mozaïsche	mozaïsch:a
bergvestingen	bergvesting:n
bergvestinkje	bergvesting:n
bijfiguren	bijfiguur:n
bijfiguurtje	bijfiguur:n
afbel	afbellen:v
afbelde	afbellen:v
afbelt	afbellen:v
afbelden	afbellen:v
afbellend	afbellen:v
afgebeld	afbellen:v
propagandistische	propagandistisch:a
prosodische	prosodisch:a
puristischer	puristisch:a
puristische	puristisch:a
puristischere	puristisch:a
superioriteitscomplexen	superioriteitscomplex:n
superioriteitscomplexje	superioriteitscomplex:n
superioriteiten	superioriteit:n
superioriteitje	superioriteit:n
sabelmarters	sabelmarter:n
sabelmartertje	sabelmarter:n
vismarters	vismarter:n
vismartertje	vismarter:n
sabeldieren	sabeldier:n
sabeldiertje	sabeldier:n
reformatorische	reformatorisch:a
steriliteiten	steriliteit:n
routepunten	routepunt:n
routepuntje	routepunt:n
tussenpunten	tussenpunt:n
tussenpuntje	tussenpunt:n
wegpunten	wegpunt:n
wegpuntje	wegpunt:n
gerimpelder	gerimpeld:a
gerimpeldst	gerimpeld:a
gerimpelde	gerimpeld:a
gerimpeldere	gerimpeld:a
gerimpeldste	gerimpeld:a
voorleg	voorleggen:v
voorlegde	voorleggen:v
voorlegt	voorleggen:v
voorlegden	voorleggen:v
voorleggend	voorleggen:v
voorgelegd	voorleggen:v
salafistische	salafistisch:a
bijgoochems	bijgoochem:n
bijgoochempje	bijgoochem:n
kortschriften	kortschrift:n
kortschriftje	kortschrift:n
snelschriften	snelschrift:n
snelschriftje	snelschrift:n
wildpluk	wildplukken:v
wildplukte	wildplukken:v
wildplukt	wildplukken:v
wildplukten	wildplukken:v
wildplukkend	wildplukken:v
wildgeplukt	wildplukken:v
wildplas	wildplassen:v
wildplaste	wildplassen:v
wildplast	wildplassen:v
wildplasten	wildplassen:v
wildplassend	wildplassen:v
wildgeplast	wildplassen:v
mejuffrouwen	mejuffrouw:n
torpedeer	torpederen:v
torpedeerde	torpederen:v
torpedeert	torpederen:v
torpedeerden	torpederen:v
torpederend	torpederen:v
getorpedeerd	torpederen:v
bammetjes	bammetje:n
pakkansen	pakkans:n
pakkansje	pakkans:n
schellakken	schellak:n
politoer	politoeren:v
politoerde	politoeren:v
politoert	politoeren:v
politoerden	politoeren:v
politoerend	politoeren:v
gepolitoerd	politoeren:v
drafje	draf:n
stomerijen	stomerij:n
stomerijtje	stomerij:n
explodeer	exploderen:v
explodeerde	exploderen:v
explodeert	exploderen:v
explodeerden	exploderen:v
exploderend	exploderen:v
geëxplodeerd	exploderen:v
vliegenzwammen	vliegenzwam:n
vliegenzwammetje	vliegenzwam:n
zijtakken	zijtak:n
zijtakje	zijtak:n
soes	soezen:v
soesde	soezen:v
soest	soezen:v
soesden	soezen:v
soezend	soezen:v
gesoesd	soezen:v
etagères	etagère:n
etagèretje	etagère:n
sneef	sneven:v
sneefde	sneven:v
sneeft	sneven:v
sneefden	sneven:v
snevend	sneven:v
gesneefd	sneven:v
vertrap	vertrappen:v
vertrapte	vertrappen:v
vertrapt	vertrappen:v
vertrapten	vertrappen:v
vertrappend	vertrappen:v
bakkenisten	bakkenist:n
bakkenistje	bakkenist:n
zijspannen	zijspan:n
zijspans	zijspan:n
zijspannetje	zijspan:n
bruikers	bruiker:n
bruikertje	bruiker:n
eendenkuikens	eendenkuiken:n
eendenkuikentje	eendenkuiken:n
vinvissen	vinvis:n
vinvisje	vinvis:n
bruinvisch	bruinvis:n
bordeelbrokken	bordeelbrok:n
bordeelbrokje	bordeelbrok:n
hoerenlopers	hoerenloper:n
hoerenlopertje	hoerenloper:n
hoerenhengsten	hoerenhengst:n
hoerenhengstje	hoerenhengst:n
afkaats	afkaatsen:v
afkaatste	afkaatsen:v
afkaatst	afkaatsen:v
afkaatsten	afkaatsen:v
afkaatsend	afkaatsen:v
afgekaatst	afkaatsen:v
afkets	afketsen:v
afketste	afketsen:v
afketst	afketsen:v
afketsten	afketsen:v
afketsend	afketsen:v
afgeketst	afketsen:v
oervloeden	oervloed:n
ademtochten	ademtocht:n
ademtochtje	ademtocht:n
befaamder	befaamd:a
befaamdst	befaamd:a
befaamde	befaamd:a
befaamdere	befaamd:a
befaamdste	befaamd:a
boterkoeken	boterkoek:n
boterkoekje	boterkoek:n
beurshandels	beurshandel:n
beurshandeltje	beurshandel:n
choepot	choepa:n
choepoth	choepa:n
choepa's	choepa:n
apostilleer	apostilleren:v
apostilleerde	apostilleren:v
apostilleert	apostilleren:v
apostilleerden	apostilleren:v
apostillerend	apostilleren:v
geapostilleerd	apostilleren:v
andersgezinde	andersgezind:a
zelfbeschikkingsrechten	zelfbeschikkingsrecht:n
zelfbeschikkingsrechtje	zelfbeschikkingsrecht:n
waarderationaliteiten	waarderationaliteit:n
waarderationele	waarderationeel:a
bewijsgronden	bewijsgrond:n
bewijsgrondje	bewijsgrond:n
boezemdijken	boezemdijk:n
boezemdijkje	boezemdijk:n
alwetendheden	alwetendheid:n
alwetendheidje	alwetendheid:n
ruilmiddelen	ruilmiddel:n
ruilmiddeltje	ruilmiddel:n
lachspiegels	lachspiegel:n
lachspiegeltje	lachspiegel:n
cabaleurs	cabaleur:n
cabaleurtje	cabaleur:n
bijverdiensten	bijverdienste:n
bijverdienstetje	bijverdienste:n
onwetender	onwetend:a
onwetendst	onwetend:a
onwetende	onwetend:a
onwetendere	onwetend:a
onwetendste	onwetend:a
herbruikbaarder	herbruikbaar:a
herbruikbaarst	herbruikbaar:a
herbruikbare	herbruikbaar:a
herbruikbaardere	herbruikbaar:a
herbruikbaarste	herbruikbaar:a
ijltempootje	ijltempo:n
afbedel	afbedelen:v
afbedelde	afbedelen:v
afbedelt	afbedelen:v
afbedelden	afbedelen:v
afbedelend	afbedelen:v
afgebedeld	afbedelen:v
zielskunde	zielkunde:n
draaf	draven:v
draafde	draven:v
draaft	draven:v
draafden	draven:v
dravend	draven:v
gedraafd	draven:v
afsplitsingen	afsplitsing:n
afsplitsinkje	afsplitsing:n
dijklegers	dijkleger:n
dijklegertje	dijkleger:n
allodiale	allodiaal:a
baksleden	bakslede:n
baksledes	bakslede:n
badjassen	badjas:n
badjasje	badjas:n
avondscholen	avondschool:n
avondschooltje	avondschool:n
authentiseren	authenticeren:v
authenticeer	authenticeren:v
authenticeerde	authenticeren:v
authenticeert	authenticeren:v
authenticeerden	authenticeren:v
authenticerend	authenticeren:v
geauthenticeerd	authenticeren:v
Paternosters	Paternoster:n
eenmalige	eenmalig:a
afdank	afdanken:v
afdankte	afdanken:v
afdankt	afdanken:v
afdankten	afdanken:v
afdankend	afdanken:v
afgedankt	afdanken:v
aankloot	aankloten:v
aanklootte	aankloten:v
aanklootten	aankloten:v
aanklotend	aankloten:v
aangekloot	aankloten:v
enigen	enige:r
eischen	eisen:v
heerschen	heersen:v
onderwerpingen	onderwerping:n
onderwerpinkje	onderwerping:n
ducht	duchten:v
duchtte	duchten:v
duchtten	duchten:v
duchtend	duchten:v
kegel	kegelen:v
kegelde	kegelen:v
kegelt	kegelen:v
kegelden	kegelen:v
kegelend	kegelen:v
gekegeld	kegelen:v
ondeelbaarder	ondeelbaar:a
ondeelbaarst	ondeelbaar:a
ondeelbare	ondeelbaar:a
ondeelbaardere	ondeelbaar:a
ondeelbaarste	ondeelbaar:a
voortvloei	voortvloeien:v
voortvloeide	voortvloeien:v
voortvloeit	voortvloeien:v
voortvloeiden	voortvloeien:v
voortvloeiend	voortvloeien:v
voortgevloeid	voortvloeien:v
verderga	verdergaan:v
verderging	verdergaan:v
verdergaat	verdergaan:v
verdergingen	verdergaan:v
verdergegaan	verdergaan:v
bebolwerk	bebolwerken:v
bebolwerkte	bebolwerken:v
bebolwerkt	bebolwerken:v
bebolwerkten	bebolwerken:v
bebolwerkend	bebolwerken:v
rijwegen	rijweg:n
rijweggetje	rijweg:n
baktanden	baktand:n
baktandje	baktand:n
stalinistischer	stalinistisch:a
stalinistischt	stalinistisch:a
stalinistische	stalinistisch:a
stalinistischere	stalinistisch:a
stalinistischte	stalinistisch:a
botsauto's	botsauto:n
botsautootje	botsauto:n
edelachtbare	edelachtbaar:a
griffiers	griffier:n
griffiertje	griffier:n
edelachtbaren	edelachtbare:n
ochtendstonden	ochtendstond:n
morgenstonden	morgenstond:n
avondstonden	avondstond:n
noenestonden	noenestond:n
doodsstonden	doodsstond:n
schemerstonden	schemerstond:n
middagstonden	middagstond:n
neerzijg	neerzijgen:v
neerzeeg	neerzijgen:v
neerzijgt	neerzijgen:v
neerzegen	neerzijgen:v
neerzijgend	neerzijgen:v
neergezegen	neerzijgen:v
vechtenstijden	vechtenstijd:n
vechtenstijdje	vechtenstijd:n
slapenstijden	slapenstijd:n
slapenstijdje	slapenstijd:n
herenhoeven	herenhoeve:n
herenhoeves	herenhoeve:n
herenhoevetje	herenhoeve:n
cultusplaatsen	cultusplaats:n
cultusplaatsje	cultusplaats:n
herinneringsplaatsen	herinneringsplaats:n
herinneringsplaatsje	herinneringsplaats:n
eutrofiëringen	eutrofiëring:n
griendje	griend:n
aanvertrouw	aanvertrouwen:v
aanvertrouwde	aanvertrouwen:v
aanvertrouwt	aanvertrouwen:v
aanvertrouwden	aanvertrouwen:v
aanvertrouwend	aanvertrouwen:v
aanvertrouwd	aanvertrouwen:v
benaai	benaaien:v
benaaide	benaaien:v
benaait	benaaien:v
benaaiden	benaaien:v
benaaiend	benaaien:v
benaaid	benaaien:v
stiefen	stief:n
stiefje	stief:n
stilistischer	stilistisch:a
stilistischt	stilistisch:a
stilistische	stilistisch:a
stilistischere	stilistisch:a
stilistischte	stilistisch:a
sublunarische	sublunarisch:a
synergistischer	synergistisch:a
synergistischt	synergistisch:a
tabellarischer	tabellarisch:a
tabellarischt	tabellarisch:a
onwaardiger	onwaardig:a
onwaardigst	onwaardig:a
onwaardige	onwaardig:a
onwaardigere	onwaardig:a
onwaardigste	onwaardig:a
schranken	schrank:n
bloedvetes	bloedvete:n
bloedveten	bloedvete:n
huizenmarkten	huizenmarkt:n
buikgriepje	buikgriep:n
vinologen	vinoloog:n
vinoloogje	vinoloog:n
ballorig	balorig:a
zonnetempels	zonnetempel:n
zonnetempeltje	zonnetempel:n
breijen	breien:v
breisels	breisel:n
breiseltje	breisel:n
gokverslavingen	gokverslaving:n
urnenmuren	urnenmuur:n
urnenmuurtje	urnenmuur:n
moeraskatten	moeraskat:n
moeraskatje	moeraskat:n
rietkatten	rietkat:n
rietkatje	rietkat:n
ecoducten	ecoduct:n
ecoductje	ecoduct:n
grijpgrager	grijpgraag:a
grijpgraagst	grijpgraag:a
grijpgrage	grijpgraag:a
grijpgragere	grijpgraag:a
grijpgraagste	grijpgraag:a
telegrafische	telegrafisch:a
telepathische	telepathisch:a
graftempels	graftempel:n
graftempeltje	graftempel:n
geuzentempels	geuzentempel:n
geinponems	geinponem:n
geinponempje	geinponem:n
vogelhuizen	vogelhuis:n
vogelhuisje	vogelhuis:n
knipperlichtrelaties	knipperlichtrelatie:n
knipperlichten	knipperlicht:n
knipperlichtje	knipperlicht:n
rifhaaien	rifhaai:n
achttallen	achttal:n
achttalletje	achttal:n
insectenhotels	insectenhotel:n
insectenhotelletje	insectenhotel:n
breinvliezen	breinvlies:n
breinvliesje	breinvlies:n
vouwfietsen	vouwfiets:n
vouwfietsje	vouwfiets:n
plooifietsen	plooifiets:n
plooifietsje	plooifiets:n
plooifietske	plooifiets:n
vriendjes	vriendje:n
getrouwheden	getrouwheid:n
boetelingen	boeteling:n
boetelingetje	boeteling:n
oppermachtiger	oppermachtig:a
oppermachtigst	oppermachtig:a
oppermachtige	oppermachtig:a
oppermachtigere	oppermachtig:a
oppermachtigste	oppermachtig:a
kruiers	kruier:n
kruiertje	kruier:n
afsabel	afsabelen:v
afsabelde	afsabelen:v
afsabelt	afsabelen:v
afsabelden	afsabelen:v
afsabelend	afsabelen:v
afgesabeld	afsabelen:v
nachtschaduw	nachtschade:n
nachtschaduwen	nachtschaduw:n
brandschone	brandschoon:a
euveldoeners	euveldoener:n
deugdgezinden	deugdgezinde:n
wederlegschriften	wederlegschrift:n
broodmessen	broodmes:n
broodmesje	broodmes:n
zeemeeuwen	zeemeeuw:n
zeemeeuwtje	zeemeeuw:n
bibberingen	bibbering:n
bibberinkje	bibbering:n
kunstgrepen	kunstgreep:n
kunstgreepje	kunstgreep:n
paludaria	paludarium:n
paludariumpje	paludarium:n
werpsterren	werpster:n
werpsterretje	werpster:n
werpsters	werpster:n
werpstertje	werpster:n
hulphypothesen	hulphypothese:n
hulphypotheses	hulphypothese:n
probleemjongeren	probleemjongere:n
wijkagenten	wijkagent:n
wijkagentje	wijkagent:n
chemicaliën	chemicalie:n
falsifieer	falsifiëren:v
falsifieerde	falsifiëren:v
falsifieert	falsifiëren:v
falsifieerden	falsifiëren:v
falsifiërend	falsifiëren:v
gefalsifieerd	falsifiëren:v
falsificeer	falsificeren:v
falsificeerde	falsificeren:v
falsificeert	falsificeren:v
falsificeerden	falsificeren:v
falsificerend	falsificeren:v
gefalsificeerd	falsificeren:v
prikkie	prikje:n
werpspiesen	werpspies:n
werpspiesje	werpspies:n
lijnzaadoliën	lijnzaadolie:n
falsifieerbaarheidscriteria	falsifieerbaarheidscriterium:n
doodsbleke	doodsbleek:a
lijkbleke	lijkbleek:a
zonnebloemoliën	zonnebloemolie:n
zonnebloempitten	zonnebloempit:n
zonnebloempitje	zonnebloempit:n
palmoliën	palmolie:n
raapoliën	raapolie:n
raapzaadoliën	raapzaadolie:n
raapzaden	raapzaad:n
raapzaadje	raapzaad:n
koolzaadoliën	koolzaadolie:n
koolzaden	koolzaad:n
koolzaadje	koolzaad:n
canolaoliën	canolaolie:n
hennepoliën	hennepolie:n
hennepzaadoliën	hennepzaadolie:n
hennepzaden	hennepzaad:n
hennepzaadje	hennepzaad:n
huismarters	huismarter:n
huismartertje	huismarter:n
stortingen	storting:n
stortinkje	storting:n
meervallen	meerval:n
meervalletje	meerval:n
buikdansen	buikdans:n
buikdansje	buikdans:n
buikdans	buikdansen:v
buikdanste	buikdansen:v
buikdanst	buikdansen:v
buikdansten	buikdansen:v
buikdansend	buikdansen:v
gebuikdanst	buikdansen:v
scheepbouw	scheepsbouw:n
wegenbelastingen	wegenbelasting:n
motorrijtuigen	motorrijtuig:n
motorrijtuigje	motorrijtuig:n
achterzeilen	achterzeil:n
achterzeiltje	achterzeil:n
achterzeil	achterzeilen:v
achterzeilde	achterzeilen:v
achterzeilt	achterzeilen:v
achterzeilden	achterzeilen:v
achterzeilend	achterzeilen:v
achterzeild	achterzeilen:v
achtergezeild	achterzeilen:v
huppel	huppelen:v
huppelde	huppelen:v
huppelt	huppelen:v
huppelden	huppelen:v
huppelend	huppelen:v
gehuppeld	huppelen:v
spartel	spartelen:v
spartelde	spartelen:v
spartelt	spartelen:v
spartelden	spartelen:v
spartelend	spartelen:v
gesparteld	spartelen:v
huwelijksdagen	huwelijksdag:n
huwelijksdagje	huwelijksdag:n
schaapskooien	schaapskooi:n
schaapskooitje	schaapskooi:n
pioetiem	pioet:n
pijoet	pioet:n
scheidslijnen	scheidslijn:n
scheidslijntje	scheidslijn:n
poëten	poëet:n
poëetje	poëet:n
pierce	piercen:v
piercete	piercen:v
piercet	piercen:v
pierceten	piercen:v
piercend	piercen:v
gepiercet	piercen:v
zakkenwassers	zakkenwasser:n
zakkenwassertje	zakkenwasser:n
scheids	scheidsrechter:n
boortorens	boortoren:n
boortorentje	boortoren:n
knekelsteden	knekelstad:n
Leeuwarders	Leeuwarder:n
Leeuwardertje	Leeuwarder:n
poëtasters	poëtaster:n
poëtastertje	poëtaster:n
sonnettenbakkers	sonnettenbakker:n
sonnettenbakkertje	sonnettenbakker:n
eentalige	eentalig:a
schrijftalen	schrijftaal:n
schrijftaaltje	schrijftaal:n
taalgevoelens	taalgevoel:n
taalcursussen	taalcursus:n
taalcursusje	taalcursus:n
taalpolitieke	taalpolitiek:a
voorkopen	voorkoop:n
voertalen	voertaal:n
voertaaltje	voertaal:n
doksen	doks:n
doksje	doks:n
venerische	venerisch:a
lesroosters	lesrooster:n
lesroostertje	lesrooster:n
kraanmachinisten	kraanmachinist:n
kraanmachinistje	kraanmachinist:n
schaaktorens	schaaktoren:n
schaaktorentje	schaaktoren:n
woontorens	woontoren:n
woontorentje	woontoren:n
torenflats	torenflat:n
torenflatje	torenflat:n
damborden	dambord:n
dambordje	dambord:n
kasteeltorens	kasteeltoren:n
kasteeltorentje	kasteeltoren:n
sneeuwgrenzen	sneeuwgrens:n
flonker	flonkeren:v
flonkerde	flonkeren:v
flonkert	flonkeren:v
flonkerden	flonkeren:v
flonkerend	flonkeren:v
geflonkerd	flonkeren:v
spoed	spoeden:v
spoedde	spoeden:v
spoedt	spoeden:v
spoedden	spoeden:v
spoedend	spoeden:v
gespoed	spoeden:v
Comps	compagnie:n
viermotorige	viermotorig:a
taartgaten	taartgat:n
taartgaatje	taartgat:n
dagobertducktaksen	dagobertducktaks:n
dagobertducktaksje	dagobertducktaks:n
morsiger	morsig:a
morsigst	morsig:a
morsige	morsig:a
morsigere	morsig:a
morsigste	morsig:a
stiefel	stiefelen:v
stiefelde	stiefelen:v
stiefelt	stiefelen:v
stiefelden	stiefelen:v
stiefelend	stiefelen:v
gestiefeld	stiefelen:v
knoken	knook:n
knookje	knook:n
cuberdons	cuberdon:n
onbenullen	onbenul:n
onbenulliger	onbenullig:a
onbenulligst	onbenullig:a
onbenullige	onbenullig:a
onbenulligere	onbenullig:a
onbenulligste	onbenullig:a
Oranjeleeuwinnen	Oranjeleeuwin:n
Oranjeleeuwinnetje	Oranjeleeuwin:n
mokkels	mokkel:n
mokkeltje	mokkel:n
honingbomen	honingboom:n
honingboompje	honingboom:n
toepasbaarder	toepasbaar:a
toepasbaarst	toepasbaar:a
veramerikaniseer	veramerikaniseren:v
veramerikaniseerde	veramerikaniseren:v
veramerikaniseert	veramerikaniseren:v
veramerikaniseerden	veramerikaniseren:v
veramerikaniserend	veramerikaniseren:v
veramerikaniseerd	veramerikaniseren:v
anabaptisten	anabaptist:n
sekswerkers	sekswerker:n
sekswerkertje	sekswerker:n
sekswerksters	sekswerkster:n
sekswerkstertje	sekswerkster:n
mrt	maart:n
gebrullen	gebrul:n
gebrultje	gebrul:n
capabeler	capabel:a
capabelst	capabel:a
capabele	capabel:a
capabelere	capabel:a
capabelste	capabel:a
defenestreer	defenestreren:v
defenestreerde	defenestreren:v
defenestreert	defenestreren:v
defenestreerden	defenestreren:v
defenestrerend	defenestreren:v
gedefenestreerd	defenestreren:v
loonmatigingen	loonmatiging:n
spelleiders	spelleider:n
spelleidertje	spelleider:n
beschaam	beschamen:v
beschaamt	beschamen:v
beschaamden	beschamen:v
beschamend	beschamen:v
beschaamd	beschamen:v
burgerdoden	burgerdode:n
honoreer	honoreren:v
honoreerde	honoreren:v
honoreert	honoreren:v
honoreerden	honoreren:v
honorerend	honoreren:v
gehonoreerd	honoreren:v
incentieven	incentief:n
incentiefje	incentief:n
vliegensvlugge	vliegensvlug:a
vaarbomen	vaarboom:n
vaarboompje	vaarboom:n
melkflessen	melkfles:n
melkflesje	melkfles:n
Zinnekes	Zinneke:n
Zinneketje	Zinneke:n
orakels	orakel:n
orakelen	orakel:n
orakeltje	orakel:n
sprekers	spreker:n
sprekertje	spreker:n
stortbevallingen	stortbevalling:n
aanadem	aanademen:v
aanademde	aanademen:v
aanademt	aanademen:v
aanademden	aanademen:v
aanademend	aanademen:v
aangeademd	aanademen:v
remvloeistoffen	remvloeistof:n
remvloeistofje	remvloeistof:n
lastschepen	lastschip:n
lastscheepje	lastschip:n
fluitschepen	fluitschip:n
fluitscheepje	fluitschip:n
warhoofdiger	warhoofdig:a
warhoofdigst	warhoofdig:a
warhoofdige	warhoofdig:a
warhoofdigere	warhoofdig:a
warhoofdigste	warhoofdig:a
meelopers	meeloper:n
meelopertje	meeloper:n
binnenmoeders	binnenmoeder:n
duomoeders	duomoeder:n
opwacht	opwachten:v
opwachtte	opwachten:v
opwachtten	opwachten:v
opwachtend	opwachten:v
opgewacht	opwachten:v
Oranjevrouwen	Oranjevrouw:n
Oranjevrouwtje	Oranjevrouw:n
bedril	bedrillen:v
bedrilde	bedrillen:v
bedrilt	bedrillen:v
bedrilden	bedrillen:v
bedrillend	bedrillen:v
bedrild	bedrillen:v
vertil	vertillen:v
vertilde	vertillen:v
vertilt	vertillen:v
vertilden	vertillen:v
vertillend	vertillen:v
vertild	vertillen:v
zaakwaarnemers	zaakwaarnemer:n
zaakwaarnemertje	zaakwaarnemer:n
schrikbarender	schrikbarend:a
schrikbarendst	schrikbarend:a
schrikbarende	schrikbarend:a
schrikbarendere	schrikbarend:a
schrikbarendste	schrikbarend:a
proefdieren	proefdier:n
proefdiertje	proefdier:n
kikkerperspectieven	kikkerperspectief:n
kikkerperspectiefje	kikkerperspectief:n
kikkergezwellen	kikkergezwel:n
alsems	alsem:n
vleesch	vlees:n
wenschen	wensen:v
keizersneden	keizersnede:n
keizersnedes	keizersnede:n
keizersnedetje	keizersnede:n
keizersneetje	keizersnede:n
kopschuwer	kopschuw:a
kopschuwst	kopschuw:a
legerkisten	legerkist:n
legerkistje	legerkist:n
staatsbestellen	staatsbestel:n
bloedsomlopen	bloedsomloop:n
bloedsomloopje	bloedsomloop:n
schietbouten	schietbout:n
hoplieten	hopliet:n
hoplietje	hopliet:n
scalaire	scalair:a
virtuozen	virtuoos:n
virtuoosje	virtuoos:n
virtuozer	virtuoos:a
virtuoost	virtuoos:a
virtuoze	virtuoos:a
virtuozere	virtuoos:a
virtuooste	virtuoos:a
springstoffen	springstof:n
springstofje	springstof:n
beschuttingen	beschutting:n
beschuttinkje	beschutting:n
klapschaatsen	klapschaats:n
klapschaatsje	klapschaats:n
huisschapen	huisschaap:n
huisschaapje	huisschaap:n
woudloze	woudloos:a
bosloze	bosloos:a
telefoonnummers	telefoonnummer:n
telefoonnummertje	telefoonnummer:n
weersomstandigheden	weersomstandigheid:n
manipels	manipel:n
Samnieten	Samniet:n
satansboleten	satansboleet:n
boleten	boleet:n
boleetje	boleet:n
sauriërs	sauriër:n
sawaslangen	sawaslang:n
contactverboden	contactverbod:n
spotschriften	spotschrift:n
spotschriftje	spotschrift:n
kettingkogels	kettingkogel:n
bezing	bezingen:v
bezong	bezingen:v
bezingt	bezingen:v
bezongen	bezingen:v
bezingend	bezingen:v
zuidvruchten	zuidvrucht:n
zuidvruchtje	zuidvrucht:n
koffieculturen	koffiecultuur:n
dwangculturen	dwangcultuur:n
kemels	kemel:n
kemelen	kemel:n
kemeltje	kemel:n
Sabijnse	Sabijns:a
zoetstoffen	zoetstof:n
zoetstofje	zoetstof:n
mohammedanen	mohammedaan:n
mohammedaantje	mohammedaan:n
onderduik	onderduiken:v
onderdook	onderduiken:v
onderduikt	onderduiken:v
onderdoken	onderduiken:v
onderduikend	onderduiken:v
ondergedoken	onderduiken:v
neo-tofelemonen	neo-tofelemoon:n
tekortkomingen	tekortkoming:n
tekortkominkje	tekortkoming:n
afbottel	afbottelen:v
afbottelde	afbottelen:v
afbottelt	afbottelen:v
afbottelden	afbottelen:v
afbottelend	afbottelen:v
afgebotteld	afbottelen:v
scalpeer	scalperen:v
scalpeerde	scalperen:v
scalpeert	scalperen:v
scalpeerden	scalperen:v
scalperend	scalperen:v
gescalpeerd	scalperen:v
schrijfwijzen	schrijfwijze:n
schrijfwijzes	schrijfwijze:n
suikerpatiënten	suikerpatiënt:n
suikerpatiëntje	suikerpatiënt:n
soldatenkisten	soldatenkist:n
soldatenkistje	soldatenkist:n
boutkogels	boutkogel:n
koopvaardijschepen	koopvaardijschip:n
koopvaardijscheepje	koopvaardijschip:n
zoutziederijen	zoutziederij:n
verpak	verpakken:v
verpakte	verpakken:v
verpakt	verpakken:v
verpakten	verpakken:v
verpakkend	verpakken:v
opsporingen	opsporing:n
mammies	mammie:n
ongegronder	ongegrond:a
ongegrondst	ongegrond:a
ongegronde	ongegrond:a
binnenbreng	binnenbrengen:v
binnenbracht	binnenbrengen:v
binnenbrengt	binnenbrengen:v
binnenbrachten	binnenbrengen:v
binnenbrengend	binnenbrengen:v
binnengebracht	binnenbrengen:v
erfdragers	erfdrager:n
piekbuien	piekbui:n
valrepen	valreep:n
samoems	samoem:n
afschilfer	afschilferen:v
afschilferde	afschilferen:v
afschilfert	afschilferen:v
afschilferden	afschilferen:v
afschilferend	afschilferen:v
afgeschilferd	afschilferen:v
stamvormen	stamvorm:n
bebloed	bebloeden:v
bebloedde	bebloeden:v
bebloedt	bebloeden:v
bebloedden	bebloeden:v
bebloedend	bebloeden:v
badmatten	badmat:n
badmatje	badmat:n
winterslapen	winterslaap:n
winterslaapje	winterslaap:n
spolieer	spoliëren:v
spolieerde	spoliëren:v
spolieert	spoliëren:v
spolieerden	spoliëren:v
spoliërend	spoliëren:v
gespolieerd	spoliëren:v
dwingelandijen	dwingelandij:n
dwingelandijtje	dwingelandij:n
enthousiasmeer	enthousiasmeren:v
enthousiasmeerde	enthousiasmeren:v
enthousiasmeert	enthousiasmeren:v
enthousiasmeerden	enthousiasmeren:v
enthousiasmerend	enthousiasmeren:v
geënthousiasmeerd	enthousiasmeren:v
taalwetenschappen	taalwetenschap:n
inspiraties	inspiratie:n
inspiratietje	inspiratie:n
voorijliger	voorijlig:a
voorijligst	voorijlig:a
huisgeesten	huisgeest:n
huisgeestje	huisgeest:n
reikwijdten	reikwijdte:n
reikwijdtes	reikwijdte:n
wijdten	wijdte:n
wijdtes	wijdte:n
bedienaars	bedienaar:n
schorseneren	schorseneer:n
schorseneertje	schorseneer:n
schalmeien	schalmei:n
schalmeitje	schalmei:n
herbron	herbronnen:v
herbronde	herbronnen:v
herbront	herbronnen:v
herbronden	herbronnen:v
herbronnend	herbronnen:v
herbrond	herbronnen:v
satrapen	satraap:n
satraapje	satraap:n
gierzwaluwen	gierzwaluw:n
gierzwaluwtje	gierzwaluw:n
schiksels	schiksel:n
schikseltje	schiksel:n
Oudindische	Oudindisch:a
bezwem	bezwemmen:v
bezwom	bezwemmen:v
bezwemt	bezwemmen:v
bezwommen	bezwemmen:v
bezwemmend	bezwemmen:v
opneemkoppen	opneemkop:n
flans	flansen:v
flanste	flansen:v
flanst	flansen:v
flansten	flansen:v
flansend	flansen:v
geflanst	flansen:v
raderwerken	raderwerk:n
raderwerkje	raderwerk:n
wielers	wieler:n
meerten	meert:n
vuiger	vuig:a
vuigst	vuig:a
vuige	vuig:a
vuigere	vuig:a
vuigste	vuig:a
vuidig	vuig:a
ellipsoïden	ellipsoïde:n
ellipsoïdes	ellipsoïde:n
moddervetter	moddervet:a
moddervette	moddervet:a
moddervettere	moddervet:a
moddervetste	moddervet:a
kakkineuzer	kakkineus:a
kakkineust	kakkineus:a
kakkineuze	kakkineus:a
kakkineuzere	kakkineus:a
kakkineuste	kakkineus:a
onderzeeboten	onderzeeboot:n
onderzeebootje	onderzeeboot:n
kernonderzeeërs	kernonderzeeër:n
ontberingen	ontbering:n
ontberinkje	ontbering:n
vierspannen	vierspan:n
vierspannetje	vierspan:n
leuziger	leuzig:a
leuzigst	leuzig:a
meurger	meurg:a
meurgst	meurg:a
sterkhouders	sterkhouder:n
sterkhoudertje	sterkhouder:n
vereenbaar	vereenbaren:v
vereenbaarde	vereenbaren:v
vereenbaart	vereenbaren:v
vereenbaarden	vereenbaren:v
vereenbarend	vereenbaren:v
vereenbaard	vereenbaren:v
pelgrimages	pelgrimage:n
mallotiger	mallotig:a
mallotigst	mallotig:a
mallotige	mallotig:a
mallotigere	mallotig:a
mallotigste	mallotig:a
saffies	saffie:n
freubel	freubelen:v
freubelde	freubelen:v
freubelt	freubelen:v
freubelden	freubelen:v
freubelend	freubelen:v
gefreubeld	freubelen:v
godsloochening	godloochening:n
loocheningen	loochening:n
wielenaars	wielenaar:n
wieleraars	wieleraar:n
wieler	wieleren:v
wielerde	wieleren:v
wielert	wieleren:v
wielerden	wieleren:v
wielerend	wieleren:v
gewielerd	wieleren:v
ligfietsen	ligfiets:n
ligfietsje	ligfiets:n
heimwaarts	heemwaarts:d
angstgegners	angstgegner:n
zeildoeken	zeildoek:n
zeildoekje	zeildoek:n
zeildoekse	zeildoeks:a
buitenwettelijker	buitenwettelijk:a
buitenwettelijkst	buitenwettelijk:a
buitenwettelijke	buitenwettelijk:a
buitenwettelijkere	buitenwettelijk:a
buitenwettelijkste	buitenwettelijk:a
snuivers	snuiver:n
snuivertje	snuiver:n
snuiver	snuiveren:v
snuiverde	snuiveren:v
snuivert	snuiveren:v
snuiverden	snuiveren:v
snuiverend	snuiveren:v
gesnuiverd	snuiveren:v
ijsco's	ijsco:n
ijscootje	ijsco:n
ijscomannen	ijscoman:n
ijscomannetje	ijscoman:n
ijscovrouwen	ijscovrouw:n
ijscovrouwtje	ijscovrouw:n
ijscowagens	ijscowagen:n
ijscowagentje	ijscowagen:n
ijscokarren	ijscokar:n
ijscokarretje	ijscokar:n
snorkel	snorkelen:v
snorkelde	snorkelen:v
snorkelt	snorkelen:v
snorkelden	snorkelen:v
snorkelend	snorkelen:v
gesnorkeld	snorkelen:v
ijsdans	ijsdansen:v
ijsdanste	ijsdansen:v
ijsdanst	ijsdansen:v
ijsdansten	ijsdansen:v
ijsdansend	ijsdansen:v
geijsdanst	ijsdansen:v
kernonderzeeboten	kernonderzeeboot:n
onderzeebootmannen	onderzeebootman:n
naaldwouden	naaldwoud:n
braakdranken	braakdrank:n
braakdrankje	braakdrank:n
driecilinders	driecilinder:n
driecilindertje	driecilinder:n
kadaverdisciplines	kadaverdiscipline:n
disciplinaire	disciplinair:a
disciplineer	disciplineren:v
disciplineerde	disciplineren:v
disciplineert	disciplineren:v
disciplineerden	disciplineren:v
disciplinerend	disciplineren:v
gedisciplineerd	disciplineren:v
zwachtels	zwachtel:n
zwachtelen	zwachtel:n
zwachteltje	zwachtel:n
zwachtel	zwachtelen:v
zwachtelde	zwachtelen:v
zwachtelt	zwachtelen:v
zwachtelden	zwachtelen:v
zwachtelend	zwachtelen:v
gezwachteld	zwachtelen:v
bezwachtel	bezwachtelen:v
bezwachtelde	bezwachtelen:v
bezwachtelt	bezwachtelen:v
bezwachtelden	bezwachtelen:v
bezwachtelend	bezwachtelen:v
bezwachteld	bezwachtelen:v
bijlbundels	bijlbundel:n
oertalen	oertaal:n
afgaaf	afgave:n
bejaardenpartijen	bejaardenpartij:n
bejaardenpartijtje	bejaardenpartij:n
bejaarden	bejaarde:n
hoerenwaardinnen	hoerenwaardin:n
weerbommen	weerbom:n
godsdienstoefeningen	godsdienstoefening:n
bisschopsmijters	bisschopsmijter:n
bisschopsmijtertje	bisschopsmijter:n
wufter	wuft:a
wuftst	wuft:a
wufte	wuft:a
wuftere	wuft:a
wuftste	wuft:a
olienoten	olienoot:n
olienootje	olienoot:n
grasduin	grasduinen:v
grasduinde	grasduinen:v
grasduint	grasduinen:v
grasduinden	grasduinen:v
grasduinend	grasduinen:v
gegrasduind	grasduinen:v
grasduinen	grasduin:n
grasduintje	grasduin:n
mensonterende	mensonterend:a
dieronterende	dieronterend:a
schouwspelers	schouwspeler:n
schouwspelertje	schouwspeler:n
spectroscopen	spectroscoop:n
spectroscoopje	spectroscoop:n
buurtsupers	buurtsuper:n
buurtsupertje	buurtsuper:n
buurtsupermarkten	buurtsupermarkt:n
buurtsupermarktje	buurtsupermarkt:n
eendragt	eendracht:n
etenswaren	etenswaar:n
eetwaren	eetwaar:n
cipiers	cipier:n
cipiertje	cipier:n
gevangenisbewaarders	gevangenisbewaarder:n
gevangenbewaarders	gevangenbewaarder:n
stokwachters	stokwachter:n
helrivieren	helrivier:n
medemisdadigers	medemisdadiger:n
confederale	confederaal:a
confedereer	confedereren:v
confedereerde	confedereren:v
confedereert	confedereren:v
confedereerden	confedereren:v
confedererend	confedereren:v
geconfedereerd	confedereren:v
wetboeken	wetboek:n
wetboekje	wetboek:n
bindweefsels	bindweefsel:n
bindweefseltje	bindweefsel:n
kielhaal	kielhalen:v
kielhaalde	kielhalen:v
kielhaalt	kielhalen:v
kielhaalden	kielhalen:v
kielhalend	kielhalen:v
gekielhaald	kielhalen:v
landrotten	landrot:n
landrotje	landrot:n
blauwhemden	blauwhemd:n
lijdenswegen	lijdensweg:n
kazerneer	kazerneren:v
kazerneerde	kazerneren:v
kazerneert	kazerneren:v
kazerneerden	kazerneren:v
kazernerend	kazerneren:v
gekazerneerd	kazerneren:v
afleun	afleunen:v
afleunde	afleunen:v
afleunt	afleunen:v
afleunden	afleunen:v
afleunend	afleunen:v
afgeleund	afleunen:v
bomvrije	bomvrij:a
sjofetiem	sjofeet:n
suffeten	suffeet:n
richters	richter:n
richteren	richter:n
buitendeuren	buitendeur:n
buitendeurtje	buitendeur:n
deurkloppers	deurklopper:n
deurkloppertje	deurklopper:n
deurhamers	deurhamer:n
deurstijlen	deurstijl:n
deurstijltje	deurstijl:n
deurramen	deurraam:n
deurraampje	deurraam:n
deurduimen	deurduim:n
cameravallen	cameraval:n
kermisklanten	kermisklant:n
kermisklantje	kermisklant:n
slagschaduwen	slagschaduw:n
kernschaduwen	kernschaduw:n
taalfilosofes	taalfilosofe:n
deugdrijke	deugdrijk:a
delfstoffelijke	delfstoffelijk:a
bijschaduwen	bijschaduw:n
halfschaduwen	halfschaduw:n
schaduwrijken	schaduwrijk:n
schaduwrijkje	schaduwrijk:n
schaduwrijker	schaduwrijk:a
schaduwrijkst	schaduwrijk:a
betamelijker	betamelijk:a
betamelijkst	betamelijk:a
duidingen	duiding:n
riemslagen	riemslag:n
riemslagje	riemslag:n
zakpijpen	zakpijp:n
zakpijpje	zakpijp:n
zamenzwering	samenzwering:n
constateringen	constatering:n
constaterinkje	constatering:n
verveerd	vervaard:a
vervaarnissen	vervaarnis:n
roeipennen	roeipen:n
dolboorden	dolboord:n
dolboordje	dolboord:n
naauw	nauw:a|nauw:n
dagvaard	dagvaarden:v
dagvaardde	dagvaarden:v
dagvaardt	dagvaarden:v
dagvaardden	dagvaarden:v
dagvaardend	dagvaarden:v
gedagvaard	dagvaarden:v
dagvaarten	dagvaart:n
geruispeilers	geruispeiler:n
peilers	peiler:n
bakbaard	bakkebaard:n
cigaren	cigaar:n
cigaartje	cigaar:n
kroonveldheren	kroonveldheer:n
toeristenplaatsen	toeristenplaats:n
toeristenplaatsje	toeristenplaats:n
stamlanden	stamland:n
stamlandje	stamland:n
heteluchtbaden	heteluchtbad:n
caduceer	caduceren:v
caduceerde	caduceren:v
caduceert	caduceren:v
caduceerden	caduceren:v
caducerend	caduceren:v
gecaduceerd	caduceren:v
lijnwaden	lijnwaad:n
dollemannen	dolleman:n
dollemannetje	dolleman:n
dollemansritten	dollemansrit:n
dollemansritje	dollemansrit:n
spookwoorden	spookwoord:n
dondergoden	dondergod:n
bufen	buuf:n
buufje	buuf:n
concaver	concaaf:a
concaafst	concaaf:a
concave	concaaf:a
concavere	concaaf:a
concaafste	concaaf:a
natuurgidsen	natuurgids:n
natuurgidsje	natuurgids:n
afwaai	afwaaien:v
afwaaide	afwaaien:v
afwaait	afwaaien:v
afwaaiden	afwaaien:v
afwaaiend	afwaaien:v
afgewaaid	afwaaien:v
afwoei	afwaaien:v
afwoeien	afwaaien:v
bekkenelen	bekkeneel:n
bekkeneeltje	bekkeneel:n
bonenstaken	bonenstaak:n
bonenstaakje	bonenstaak:n
boonstaak	bonenstaak:n
onweder	onweer:n
kernlissen	kernlis:n
bultiger	bultig:a
bultigst	bultig:a
bultige	bultig:a
bultigere	bultig:a
bultigste	bultig:a
hartelijker	hartelijk:a
hartelijkst	hartelijk:a
hartelijke	hartelijk:a
hartelijkere	hartelijk:a
hartelijkste	hartelijk:a
klavecimbels	klavecimbel:n
klavecimbeltje	klavecimbel:n
draailieren	draailier:n
goedertierener	goedertieren:a
goedertierenst	goedertieren:a
goedertierenste	goedertieren:a
onbegrijpelijker	onbegrijpelijk:a
onbegrijpelijkst	onbegrijpelijk:a
onbegrijpelijke	onbegrijpelijk:a
onbegrijpelijkere	onbegrijpelijk:a
onbegrijpelijkste	onbegrijpelijk:a
beeldenstormen	beeldenstorm:n
beeldenstormpje	beeldenstorm:n
ophoepel	ophoepelen:v
ophoepelde	ophoepelen:v
ophoepelt	ophoepelen:v
ophoepelden	ophoepelen:v
ophoepelend	ophoepelen:v
opgehoepeld	ophoepelen:v
opflikker	opflikkeren:v
opflikkerde	opflikkeren:v
opflikkert	opflikkeren:v
opflikkerden	opflikkeren:v
opflikkerend	opflikkeren:v
opgeflikkerd	opflikkeren:v
intersectionaliteiten	intersectionaliteit:n
verkrachtingsculturen	verkrachtingscultuur:n
vrouwenemancipaties	vrouwenemancipatie:n
identiteitspolitieke	identiteitspolitiek:a
zelfbewuster	zelfbewust:a
zelfbewuste	zelfbewust:a
zelfbewustere	zelfbewust:a
naamchristenen	naamchristen:n
deuviken	deuvik:n
diefijzers	diefijzer:n
doodmoeë	doodmoe:a
zeebaboes	zeebaboe:n
acrostichons	acrostichon:n
acrosticha	acrostichon:n
zeegaten	zeegat:n
zeegaatje	zeegat:n
bekruis	bekruisen:v
bekruiste	bekruisen:v
bekruist	bekruisen:v
bekruisten	bekruisen:v
bekruisend	bekruisen:v
droogdokken	droogdok:n
droogdokje	droogdok:n
borstrokken	borstrok:n
borstrokje	borstrok:n
borststukken	borststuk:n
borststukje	borststuk:n
dagreizen	dagreis:n
dagreisje	dagreis:n
scheepsjournaals	scheepsjournaal:n
scheepsjournalen	scheepsjournaal:n
hospitaalridders	hospitaalridder:n
onoorbaarder	onoorbaar:a
onoorbaarst	onoorbaar:a
onoorbare	onoorbaar:a
onoorbaardere	onoorbaar:a
onoorbaarste	onoorbaar:a
kruisboogbouten	kruisboogbout:n
toffelemoon	tofelemoon:n
strijkbouten	strijkbout:n
strijkboutje	strijkbout:n
doodcedel	doodceel:n
zeemuizen	zeemuis:n
zeemuisje	zeemuis:n
muizenvallen	muizenval:n
muizenvalletje	muizenval:n
sjezen	sjees:n
sjeesje	sjees:n
sjees	sjezen:v
sjeesde	sjezen:v
sjeest	sjezen:v
sjeesden	sjezen:v
sjezend	sjezen:v
gesjeesd	sjezen:v
charmeer	charmeren:v
charmeerde	charmeren:v
charmeert	charmeren:v
charmeerden	charmeren:v
charmerend	charmeren:v
gecharmeerd	charmeren:v
praalhanzen	praalhans:n
praalhansje	praalhans:n
chrestomathieën	chrestomathie:n
dobber	dobberen:v
dobberde	dobberen:v
dobbert	dobberen:v
dobberden	dobberen:v
dobberend	dobberen:v
gedobberd	dobberen:v
airco's	airco:n
vroegboekkortingen	vroegboekkorting:n
vroegboekkortingetje	vroegboekkorting:n
vliegkampschepen	vliegkampschip:n
vliegkampscheepje	vliegkampschip:n
vliegkampen	vliegkamp:n
gipsvluchten	gipsvlucht:n
gipsvluchtje	gipsvlucht:n
snuivermasten	snuivermast:n
ceremoniemeesters	ceremoniemeester:n
ceremoniemeestertje	ceremoniemeester:n
heelmeesters	heelmeester:n
heelmeestertje	heelmeester:n
christendommelijker	christendommelijk:a
christendommelijkst	christendommelijk:a
christendommelijke	christendommelijk:a
christendommelijkere	christendommelijk:a
christendommelijkste	christendommelijk:a
donderstralen	donderstraal:n
donderstraaltje	donderstraal:n
ulanen	ulaan:n
doodgravers	doodgraver:n
doodgravertje	doodgraver:n
verzoeningen	verzoening:n
verzoeninkje	verzoening:n
onderzeebootmoederschepen	onderzeebootmoederschip:n
moederschepen	moederschip:n
verdobbel	verdobbelen:v
verdobbelde	verdobbelen:v
verdobbelt	verdobbelen:v
verdobbelden	verdobbelen:v
verdobbelend	verdobbelen:v
verdobbeld	verdobbelen:v
dingdagen	dingdag:n
schaduwplanten	schaduwplant:n
schaduwplantje	schaduwplant:n
certificaties	certificatie:n
boekenschouwen	boekenschouw:n
tegenmijnen	tegenmijn:n
tegenmijn	tegenmijnen:v
tegenmijnde	tegenmijnen:v
tegenmijnt	tegenmijnen:v
tegenmijnden	tegenmijnen:v
tegenmijnend	tegenmijnen:v
tegengemijnd	tegenmijnen:v
reuzenaronskelken	reuzenaronskelk:n
penisplanten	penisplant:n
rouwranden	rouwrand:n
rouwrandje	rouwrand:n
imbecieler	imbeciel:a
imbecielst	imbeciel:a
imbeciele	imbeciel:a
imbecielere	imbeciel:a
imbecielste	imbeciel:a
imbecielen	imbeciel:n
imbecieltje	imbeciel:n
oranjekoeken	oranjekoek:n
oranjekoekje	oranjekoek:n
zeenimfen	zeenimf:n
zeenimfje	zeenimf:n
aronskelken	aronskelk:n
aronskelkje	aronskelk:n
verheel	verhelen:v
verheelde	verhelen:v
verheelt	verhelen:v
verheelden	verhelen:v
verhelend	verhelen:v
verheeld	verhelen:v
verholen	verhelen:v
klapperdieven	klapperdief:n
kokoskrabben	kokoskrab:n
kunstschatten	kunstschat:n
alvleesklierkankers	alvleesklierkanker:n
doodkranker	doodkrank:a
doodkrankst	doodkrank:a
doodkranke	doodkrank:a
doodkrankere	doodkrank:a
doodkrankste	doodkrank:a
kerkfabrieken	kerkfabriek:n
buikvliezen	buikvlies:n
bloemstukken	bloemstuk:n
bloemstukje	bloemstuk:n
cipressenbomen	cipressenboom:n
cipresboom	cipressenboom:n
volschiet	volschieten:v
volschoot	volschieten:v
volschoten	volschieten:v
volschietend	volschieten:v
volgeschoten	volschieten:v
zeeprikken	zeeprik:n
zeeprikje	zeeprik:n
zeenegenogen	zeenegenoog:n
zeenegenoogje	zeenegenoog:n
genderneutraler	genderneutraal:a
genderneutraalst	genderneutraal:a
genderneutrale	genderneutraal:a
genderneutralere	genderneutraal:a
genderneutraalste	genderneutraal:a
distelvinken	distelvink:n
distelvinkje	distelvink:n
brandstichtsters	brandstichtster:n
kolenbekkens	kolenbekken:n
kolenvelden	kolenveld:n
lustoorden	lustoord:n
lustoordje	lustoord:n
strijdlustiger	strijdlustig:a
strijdlustigst	strijdlustig:a
strijdlustige	strijdlustig:a
strijdlustigere	strijdlustig:a
strijdlustigste	strijdlustig:a
ladangs	ladang:n
droogzwierders	droogzwierder:n
zwier	zwieren:v
zwierde	zwieren:v
zwiert	zwieren:v
zwierden	zwieren:v
zwierend	zwieren:v
gezwierd	zwieren:v
tegenberichten	tegenbericht:n
tegenberichtje	tegenbericht:n
vetlaarzen	vetlaars:n
karaffen	karaf:n
karafje	karaf:n
AFA	Antifa:m
wegkijkers	wegkijker:n
wegkijkertje	wegkijker:n
wegkijk	wegkijken:v
wegkeek	wegkijken:v
wegkijkt	wegkijken:v
wegkeken	wegkijken:v
wegkijkend	wegkijken:v
weggekeken	wegkijken:v
keurslijven	keurslijf:n
keurslijfje	keurslijf:n
Irakezen	Irakees:n
modelmigranten	modelmigrant:n
sleepnetten	sleepnet:n
sleepnetje	sleepnet:n
koelers	koeler:n
koelertje	koeler:n
zeerussen	zeerus:n
quinoakutten	quinoakut:n
lichtkrachten	lichtkracht:n
mest	mesten:v
mestte	mesten:v
mestten	mesten:v
mestend	mesten:v
gemest	mesten:v
vetmest	vetmesten:v
vetmestte	vetmesten:v
vetmestten	vetmesten:v
vetmestend	vetmesten:v
vetgemest	vetmesten:v
vuurduivels	vuurduivel:n
smaldelen	smaldeel:n
smaldeeltje	smaldeel:n
truttiger	truttig:a
truttigst	truttig:a
truttige	truttig:a
truttigere	truttig:a
truttigste	truttig:a
woningvoorraden	woningvoorraad:n
ledenpoppen	ledenpop:n
ledenpoppetje	ledenpop:n
dolhuizen	dolhuis:n
dolhuisje	dolhuis:n
brooddegen	brooddeeg:n
brooddeegje	brooddeeg:n
cultuurwoorden	cultuurwoord:n
strafcorners	strafcorner:n
strafcornertje	strafcorner:n
doelschoppen	doelschop:n
toewend	toewenden:v
toewendde	toewenden:v
toewendt	toewenden:v
toewendden	toewenden:v
toewendend	toewenden:v
toegewend	toewenden:v
disch	dis:n
bruinogige	bruinogig:a
doodceels	doodceel:n
ceels	ceel:n
pelterijen	pelterij:n
artsenijplanten	artsenijplant:n
investituren	investituur:n
meertrapsraketten	meertrapsraket:n
speekselklieren	speekselklier:n
speekselkliertje	speekselklier:n
traanklieren	traanklier:n
traankliertje	traanklier:n
melkklieren	melkklier:n
melkkliertje	melkklier:n
oorsmeerklieren	oorsmeerklier:n
oorsmeerkliertje	oorsmeerklier:n
schapenvliezen	schapenvlies:n
schaapsvliezen	schaapsvlies:n
snelspanners	snelspanner:n
bandagisten	bandagist:n
hemeltekenen	hemelteken:n
hemeltekens	hemelteken:n
ondichten	ondicht:n
opvijzel	opvijzelen:v
opvijzelde	opvijzelen:v
opvijzelt	opvijzelen:v
opvijzelden	opvijzelen:v
opvijzelend	opvijzelen:v
opgevijzeld	opvijzelen:v
ijssalons	ijssalon:n
mannenbroeders	mannenbroeder:n
binnenpretje	binnenpret:n
binnenpretjes	binnenpretje:n
gereformeerde	gereformeerd:a
zkr	zeker:a|zeker:d
alternatievelingen	alternatieveling:n
blekerds	blekerd:n
swaffelaars	swaffelaar:n
dolksteken	dolksteek:n
dolksteekje	dolksteek:n
voedingsleren	voedingsleer:n
gedenknaalden	gedenknaald:n
gedenknaaldje	gedenknaald:n
dadelbomen	dadelboom:n
dadelboompje	dadelboom:n
buikdienaars	buikdienaar:n
moltons	molton:n
zedelijkheidsapostelen	zedelijkheidsapostel:n
zedelijkheidsapostels	zedelijkheidsapostel:n
geitachtiger	geitachtig:a
geitachtigst	geitachtig:a
hoepelde	hoepelen:v
hoepelt	hoepelen:v
hoepelden	hoepelen:v
hoepelend	hoepelen:v
gehoepeld	hoepelen:v
pimpelpaarse	pimpelpaars:a
scheiten	scheit:n
scheitje	scheit:n
afvries	afvriezen:v
afvroor	afvriezen:v
afvriest	afvriezen:v
afvroren	afvriezen:v
afvriezend	afvriezen:v
afgevroren	afvriezen:v
dieploden	dieplood:n
dieploodje	dieplood:n
negenogen	negenoog:n
lampreien	lamprei:n
lampreitje	lamprei:n
boots	bootsen:v
bootste	bootsen:v
bootst	bootsen:v
bootsten	bootsen:v
bootsend	bootsen:v
gebootst	bootsen:v
chocoladezoenen	chocoladezoen:n
chocoladezoentje	chocoladezoen:n
negerzoenen	negerzoen:n
negerzoentje	negerzoen:n
zoenverdragen	zoenverdrag:n
delegeer	delegeren:v
delegeerde	delegeren:v
delegeert	delegeren:v
delegeerden	delegeren:v
delegerend	delegeren:v
gedelegeerd	delegeren:v
radenrepublieken	radenrepubliek:n
hoofdpijndossiers	hoofdpijndossier:n
hoofdpijndossiertje	hoofdpijndossier:n
jodenkerken	jodenkerk:n
jodenkerkje	jodenkerk:n
heerkrachten	heerkracht:n
selecties	selectie:n
selectietje	selectie:n
bijschiet	bijschieten:v
bijschoot	bijschieten:v
bijschoten	bijschieten:v
bijschietend	bijschieten:v
bijgeschoten	bijschieten:v
bondsrepublieken	bondsrepubliek:n
bilhamers	bilhamer:n
kuddedieren	kuddedier:n
kuddediertje	kuddedier:n
cryogene	cryogeen:a
magneetvissers	magneetvisser:n
magneetvissertje	magneetvisser:n
pruimers	pruimer:n
zuurpruimen	zuurpruim:n
zuurpruimpje	zuurpruim:n
luimen	luim:n
luimpje	luim:n
pruimelaars	pruimelaar:n
pruimelaren	pruimelaar:n
pruimelaartje	pruimelaar:n
brandoffers	brandoffer:n
brandofferen	brandoffer:n
brandoffertje	brandoffer:n
brandoffer	brandofferen:v
brandofferde	brandofferen:v
brandoffert	brandofferen:v
brandofferden	brandofferen:v
brandofferend	brandofferen:v
gebrandofferd	brandofferen:v
braderijen	braderij:n
braderij	braderie:n
bamboesriet	bamboeriet:n
loeihete	loeiheet:a
handbal	handballen:v
handbalde	handballen:v
handbalt	handballen:v
handbalden	handballen:v
handballend	handballen:v
gehandbald	handballen:v
handballen	handbal:n
windkrachten	windkracht:n
windkrachtje	windkracht:n
beslaap	beslapen:v
besliep	beslapen:v
beslaapt	beslapen:v
besliepen	beslapen:v
beslapend	beslapen:v
zelfgenoegzamer	zelfgenoegzaam:a
zelfgenoegzaamst	zelfgenoegzaam:a
zelfgenoegzame	zelfgenoegzaam:a
zelfgenoegzamere	zelfgenoegzaam:a
zelfgenoegzaamste	zelfgenoegzaam:a
vlij	vlijen:v
vlijde	vlijen:v
vlijt	vlijen:v
vlijden	vlijen:v
vlijend	vlijen:v
gevlijd	vlijen:v
plichtbewust	plichtsbewust:a
plichtsbewuster	plichtsbewust:a
plichtsbewustst	plichtsbewust:a
mediopassieve	mediopassief:a
onvrouwelijke	onvrouwelijk:a
mutsaards	mutsaard:n
doorlopers	doorloper:n
tekstspiegels	tekstspiegel:n
waterstanden	waterstand:n
waterstandje	waterstand:n
opsteek	opsteken:v
opstak	opsteken:v
opsteekt	opsteken:v
opstaken	opsteken:v
opstekend	opsteken:v
opgestoken	opsteken:v
indommel	indommelen:v
indommelde	indommelen:v
indommelt	indommelen:v
indommelden	indommelen:v
indommelend	indommelen:v
ingedommeld	indommelen:v
bommeldingen	bommelding:n
bommeldinkje	bommelding:n
zeehelden	zeeheld:n
beklemmingen	beklemming:n
stadsarresten	stadsarrest:n
confineer	confineren:v
confineerde	confineren:v
confineert	confineren:v
confineerden	confineren:v
confinerend	confineren:v
geconfineerd	confineren:v
confinaties	confinatie:n
urologen	uroloog:n
uroloogje	uroloog:n
weigerurologen	weigeruroloog:n
weigeruroloogje	weigeruroloog:n
politiehelikopters	politiehelikopter:n
politiehelikoptertje	politiehelikopter:n
bloedbanken	bloedbank:n
bloedbankje	bloedbank:n
samenkomsten	samenkomst:n
samenkomstje	samenkomst:n
zamenkomst	samenkomst:n
cijnzen	cijns:n
tankslagen	tankslag:n
trekvissen	trekvis:n
actiënhandel	actiehandel:n
haaibaaien	haaibaai:n
haaibaaitje	haaibaai:n
verdierlijk	verdierlijken:v
verdierlijkte	verdierlijken:v
verdierlijkt	verdierlijken:v
verdierlijkten	verdierlijken:v
verdierlijkend	verdierlijken:v
afdweil	afdweilen:v
afdweilde	afdweilen:v
afdweilt	afdweilen:v
afdweilden	afdweilen:v
afdweilend	afdweilen:v
afgedweild	afdweilen:v
landstormen	landstorm:n
bandijt	bandiet:n
wijnstenen	wijnsteen:n
wijnsteentje	wijnsteen:n
tuktuks	tuktuk:n
tuktukje	tuktuk:n
reactionairder	reactionair:a
reactionairst	reactionair:a
reactionaire	reactionair:a
reactionairdere	reactionair:a
reactionairste	reactionair:a
raadgevende	raadgevend:a
aantijg	aantijgen:v
aanteeg	aantijgen:v
aantijgt	aantijgen:v
aantegen	aantijgen:v
aantijgend	aantijgen:v
aangetegen	aantijgen:v
aantoog	aantijgen:v
aantogen	aantijgen:v
aangetogen	aantijgen:v
kuipstoelen	kuipstoel:n
kuipstoeltje	kuipstoel:n
tuinstoelen	tuinstoel:n
tuinstoeltje	tuinstoel:n
politiekers	politieker:n
politiekertje	politieker:n
decepties	deceptie:n
geulen	geul:n
geultje	geul:n
duinpannen	duinpan:n
duinpannetje	duinpan:n
leeftochten	leeftocht:n
eenklanken	eenklank:n
walgelden	walgeld:n
vijgenbomen	vijgenboom:n
vijgenboompje	vijgenboom:n
vijgeboom	vijgenboom:n
voetsletten	voetslet:n
filmische	filmisch:a
Libischer	Libisch:a
Libischt	Libisch:a
Libische	Libisch:a
Libischere	Libisch:a
Libischte	Libisch:a
cursisten	cursist:n|cursiste:n
cursistje	cursist:n|cursiste:n
griffioenen	griffioen:n
griffioentje	griffioen:n
hippogrieven	hippogrief:n
hippogriefje	hippogrief:n
gebuurten	gebuurte:n
gebuurtes	gebuurte:n
relazen	relaas:n
relaasje	relaas:n
grondeuvelen	grondeuvel:n
grondeuvels	grondeuvel:n
demo-liberale	demo-liberaal:a
uitgerokken	uitrekken:v
toespijzen	toespijs:n
toespijsje	toespijs:n
strandvonders	strandvonder:n
knoedels	knoedel:n
knoedeltje	knoedel:n
noedels	noedel:n
noedeltje	noedel:n
haskala	Haskala:m
subtieler	subtiel:a
subtielst	subtiel:a
subtiele	subtiel:a
subtielere	subtiel:a
subtielste	subtiel:a
randcriminelen	randcrimineel:n
randcriminele	randcrimineel:a
strandvonden	strandvond:n
baldadiger	baldadig:a
baldadigst	baldadig:a
baldadige	baldadig:a
baldadigere	baldadig:a
baldadigste	baldadig:a
weldaden	weldaad:n
weldaadje	weldaad:n
stamel	stamelen:v
stamelde	stamelen:v
stamelt	stamelen:v
stamelden	stamelen:v
stamelend	stamelen:v
gestameld	stamelen:v
onderdrukkers	onderdrukker:n
onderdrukkertje	onderdrukker:n
wegpromoveer	wegpromoveren:v
wegpromoveerde	wegpromoveren:v
wegpromoveert	wegpromoveren:v
wegpromoveerden	wegpromoveren:v
wegpromoverend	wegpromoveren:v
weggepromoveerd	wegpromoveren:v
frisisten	frisist:n
ziljoenen	ziljoen:n
biljoenen	biljoen:n
biljoentje	biljoen:n
weerglanzen	weerglans:n
weerglansje	weerglans:n
cadeautips	cadeautip:n
niks	niksen:v
nikste	niksen:v
nikst	niksen:v
niksten	niksen:v
niksend	niksen:v
genikst	niksen:v
gourmette	gourmetten:v
gourmettend	gourmetten:v
gegourmet	gourmetten:v
ontkentenissen	ontkentenis:n
gynaecologen	gynaecoloog:n
gynaecoloogje	gynaecoloog:n
gyneseksueler	gyneseksueel:a
gyneseksueelst	gyneseksueel:a
gyneseksuele	gyneseksueel:a
gyneseksuelere	gyneseksueel:a
gyneseksueelste	gyneseksueel:a
gyneseksuelen	gyneseksueel:n
gyneseksueeltje	gyneseksueel:n
winterbanden	winterband:n
winterbandje	winterband:n
hypotheekrenteaftrekregelingen	hypotheekrenteaftrekregeling:n
hypotheekrenteaftrekregelingetje	hypotheekrenteaftrekregeling:n
hypotheekrenteaftrekregelinkje	hypotheekrenteaftrekregeling:n
elften	elft:n
elftje	elft:n
Narcis	Narcissus:m
prio	prioriteit:n
seksplaten	seksplaat:n
seksplaatje	seksplaat:n
fanclubs	fanclub:n
fanclubje	fanclub:n
verhandelbaarder	verhandelbaar:a
verhandelbaarst	verhandelbaar:a
toppunten	toppunt:n
foelie	folie:n
foelies	foelie:n
loopfietsen	loopfiets:n
loopfietsje	loopfiets:n
operazangeressen	operazangeres:n
operazangeresje	operazangeres:n
operazangers	operazanger:n
operazangertje	operazanger:n
femboys	femboy:n
klankkleuren	klankkleur:n
klankkleurtje	klankkleur:n
cryptomunten	cryptomunt:n
cryptomuntje	cryptomunt:n
boxershorts	boxershort:n
boxershortje	boxershort:n
mannechie	man:n
zwempakken	zwempak:n
zwempakje	zwempak:n
bischieriger	bischierig:a
bischierigst	bischierig:a
bischierige	bischierig:a
bischierigere	bischierig:a
bischierigste	bischierig:a
grotspelonken	grotspelonk:n
grottenhyena's	grottenhyena:n
grottenberen	grottenbeer:n
grottenleeuwen	grottenleeuw:n
holenleeuwen	holenleeuw:n
grotbewoners	grotbewoner:n
wintersch	winters:a
kj	kalenderjaar:n
vleesbomen	vleesboom:n
vleesboompje	vleesboom:n
driftbuien	driftbui:n
driftbuitje	driftbui:n
natuurbranden	natuurbrand:n
molotovcocktails	molotovcocktail:n
oorlogsverledens	oorlogsverleden:n
doofpotaffaires	doofpotaffaire:n
cryptovaluta's	cryptovaluta:n
jool	jolen:v
joolde	jolen:v
joolt	jolen:v
joolden	jolen:v
jolend	jolen:v
gejoold	jolen:v
vastvries	vastvriezen:v
vastvroor	vastvriezen:v
vastvriest	vastvriezen:v
vastvroren	vastvriezen:v
vastvriezend	vastvriezen:v
vastgevroren	vastvriezen:v
ondersneeuw	ondersneeuwen:v
ondersneeuwde	ondersneeuwen:v
ondersneeuwt	ondersneeuwen:v
ondersneeuwden	ondersneeuwen:v
ondersneeuwend	ondersneeuwen:v
ondergesneeuwd	ondersneeuwen:v
gezichtspunten	gezichtspunt:n
gezichtspuntje	gezichtspunt:n
parafilosofen	parafilosoof:n
kerstendom	christendom:n
stapelgekke	stapelgek:a
bewustmaak	bewustmaken:v
bewustmaakte	bewustmaken:v
bewustmaakt	bewustmaken:v
bewustmaakten	bewustmaken:v
bewustmakend	bewustmaken:v
bewustgemaakt	bewustmaken:v
eensgezinder	eensgezind:a
eensgezindst	eensgezind:a
eensgezinde	eensgezind:a
eensgezindere	eensgezind:a
eensgezindste	eensgezind:a
spanen	spaan:n
spaantje	spaan:n
aansporingen	aansporing:n
aansporinkje	aansporing:n
verslapp	verslappen:v
verslappte	verslappen:v
verslappt	verslappen:v
verslappten	verslappen:v
verslappend	verslappen:v
verscherp	verscherpen:v
verscherpte	verscherpen:v
verscherpt	verscherpen:v
verscherpten	verscherpen:v
verscherpend	verscherpen:v
ploeggenoten	ploeggenoot:n
ploeggenootje	ploeggenoot:n
ploeggenote	ploeggenoot:n
teammaten	teammaat:n
teammaats	teammaat:n
teammaatje	teammaat:n
werkeilanden	werkeiland:n
werkeilandje	werkeiland:n
koraaleilanden	koraaleiland:n
koraaleilandje	koraaleiland:n
getijdeneilanden	getijdeneiland:n
getijdeneilandje	getijdeneiland:n
eilandnaties	eilandnatie:n
knurften	knurft:n
knurftje	knurft:n
dendrochronologieën	dendrochronologie:n
afkraak	afkraken:v
afkraakte	afkraken:v
afkraakt	afkraken:v
afkraakten	afkraken:v
afkrakend	afkraken:v
afgekraakt	afkraken:v
krakelingen	krakeling:n
krakelingetje	krakeling:n
megastallen	megastal:n
goudeerlijke	goudeerlijk:a
rayonkartels	rayonkartel:n
inlevingsvermogens	inlevingsvermogen:n
xenohormonen	xenohormoon:n
xenohormoontje	xenohormoon:n
insolider	insolide:a
insoliedst	insolide:a
bucolischer	bucolisch:a
bucolischt	bucolisch:a
bucolische	bucolisch:a
bucolischere	bucolisch:a
bucolischte	bucolisch:a
streak	streaken:v
streakte	streaken:v
streakt	streaken:v
streakten	streaken:v
streakend	streaken:v
gestreakt	streaken:v
smuig	smuigen:v
smuigde	smuigen:v
smuigt	smuigen:v
smuigden	smuigen:v
smuigend	smuigen:v
gesmuigd	smuigen:v
stigmatiseer	stigmatiseren:v
stigmatiseerde	stigmatiseren:v
stigmatiseert	stigmatiseren:v
stigmatiseerden	stigmatiseren:v
stigmatiserend	stigmatiseren:v
gestigmatiseerd	stigmatiseren:v
bestuursapparaten	bestuursapparaat:n
stamdagen	stamdag:n
omdrink	omdrinken:v
omdronk	omdrinken:v
omdrinkt	omdrinken:v
omdronken	omdrinken:v
omdrinkend	omdrinken:v
omgedronken	omdrinken:v
hoorzittingen	hoorzitting:n
hoorzittinkje	hoorzitting:n
voorzittingen	voorzitting:n
voorzit	voorzitten:v
voorzat	voorzitten:v
voorzaten	voorzitten:v
voorzittend	voorzitten:v
voorgezeten	voorzitten:v
geboortebeperkingen	geboortebeperking:n
tegendemonstranten	tegendemonstrant:n
gekunstelder	gekunsteld:a
gekunsteldst	gekunsteld:a
pleiners	pleiner:n
dijkers	dijker:n
wii	wiiën:v
wiide	wiiën:v
wiit	wiiën:v
wiiden	wiiën:v
wiiënd	wiiën:v
gewiid	wiiën:v
dichtsla	dichtslaan:v
dichtsloeg	dichtslaan:v
dichtslaat	dichtslaan:v
dichtsloegen	dichtslaan:v
dichtslaand	dichtslaan:v
dichtgeslagen	dichtslaan:v
procrustesbedden	procrustesbed:n
noodklokken	noodklok:n
noodklokje	noodklok:n
verifieer	verifiëren:v
verifieerde	verifiëren:v
verifieert	verifiëren:v
verifieerden	verifiëren:v
verifiërend	verifiëren:v
geverifieerd	verifiëren:v
sneeuwschuivers	sneeuwschuiver:n
sneeuwschuivertje	sneeuwschuiver:n
drieën	drie:u
werkwoordelijke	werkwoordelijk:a
uitrij	uitrijden:v
uitrijd	uitrijden:v
uitreed	uitrijden:v
uitrijdt	uitrijden:v
uitreden	uitrijden:v
uitrijdend	uitrijden:v
uitgereden	uitrijden:v
rondkom	rondkomen:v
rondkwam	rondkomen:v
rondkomt	rondkomen:v
rondkwamen	rondkomen:v
rondkomend	rondkomen:v
rondgekomen	rondkomen:v
voorgeef	voorgeven:v
voorgaf	voorgeven:v
voorgeeft	voorgeven:v
voorgaven	voorgeven:v
voorgevend	voorgeven:v
voorgegeven	voorgeven:v
beroeringen	beroering:n
beroerinkje	beroering:n
onafwendbaarder	onafwendbaar:a
onafwendbaarst	onafwendbaar:a
onafwendbare	onafwendbaar:a
onafwendbaardere	onafwendbaar:a
onafwendbaarste	onafwendbaar:a
afwendbaarder	afwendbaar:a
afwendbaarst	afwendbaar:a
afwendbare	afwendbaar:a
afwendbaardere	afwendbaar:a
afwendbaarste	afwendbaar:a
belangwekkender	belangwekkend:a
belangwekkendst	belangwekkend:a
belangwekkende	belangwekkend:a
belangwekkendere	belangwekkend:a
belangwekkendste	belangwekkend:a
neurie	neuriën:v
neuriede	neuriën:v
neuriet	neuriën:v
neurieden	neuriën:v
neuriënd	neuriën:v
geneuried	neuriën:v
ontboezemingen	ontboezeming:n
weetgieriger	weetgierig:a
weetgierigst	weetgierig:a
weetgierige	weetgierig:a
weetgierigere	weetgierig:a
weetgierigste	weetgierig:a
likkepotten	likkepot:n
likkepotje	likkepot:n
bijgerechten	bijgerecht:n
bijgerechtje	bijgerecht:n
dub	dubben:v
dubde	dubben:v
dubt	dubben:v
dubden	dubben:v
dubbend	dubben:v
gedubd	dubben:v
forceer	forceren:v
forceerde	forceren:v
forceert	forceren:v
forceerden	forceren:v
forcerend	forceren:v
geforceerd	forceren:v
grondtonen	grondtoon:n
grondtoontje	grondtoon:n
begintonen	begintoon:n
begintoontje	begintoon:n
verteder	vertederen:v
vertederde	vertederen:v
vertedert	vertederen:v
vertederden	vertederen:v
vertederend	vertederen:v
vertederd	vertederen:v
weemoediger	weemoedig:a
weemoedigst	weemoedig:a
zinneloze	zinneloos:a
hulpvaardiger	hulpvaardig:a
hulpvaardigst	hulpvaardig:a
bevang	bevangen:v
bevangt	bevangen:v
bevangend	bevangen:v
bevangener	bevangen:a
bevangenst	bevangen:a
onbevangener	onbevangen:a
onbevangenst	onbevangen:a
gijns	gijn:n
gijnen	gijn:n
gijn	gein:n
zakkammen	zakkam:n
zakkammetje	zakkam:n
slangenmensen	slangenmens:n
slangenmensje	slangenmens:n
nachttreinen	nachttrein:n
humanitaire	humanitair:a
rustoorden	rustoord:n
rustoordje	rustoord:n
okselmouwen	okselmouw:n
crowdsurfers	crowdsurfer:n
assteunen	assteun:n
betonscharen	betonschaar:n
betonschaartje	betonschaar:n
windhandelaars	windhandelaar:n
windhandelaren	windhandelaar:n
boogballen	boogbal:n
kliko's	kliko:n
machtswellustelingen	machtswellusteling:n
fotomodellen	fotomodel:n
fotomodelletje	fotomodel:n
kokerwormen	kokerworm:n
stokaasje	stokaas:n
kokerjuffers	kokerjuffer:n
kokerjuffertje	kokerjuffer:n
Kikkers	Kikker:n
doodkist	doodskist:n
timmervrouwen	timmervrouw:n
timmervrouwtje	timmervrouw:n
timmeraars	timmeraar:n
timmeraartje	timmeraar:n
kechs	kech:n
kechje	kech:n
kechie	kech:n
persmuskieten	persmuskiet:n
persmuskietje	persmuskiet:n
muziekzenders	muziekzender:n
muziekzendertje	muziekzender:n
tovergodinnen	tovergodin:n
loofbomen	loofboom:n
loofboompje	loofboom:n
bijvakkers	bijvakker:n
hoofdvakkers	hoofdvakker:n
beatmissen	beatmis:n
kunstmensen	kunstmens:n
kunstmensje	kunstmens:n
overkook	overkoken:v
overkookte	overkoken:v
overkookt	overkoken:v
overkookten	overkoken:v
overkokend	overkoken:v
overgekookt	overkoken:v
rollades	rollade:n
rolladen	rollade:n
rolladetje	rollade:n
binnendring	binnendringen:v
binnendrong	binnendringen:v
binnendringt	binnendringen:v
binnendrongen	binnendringen:v
binnendringend	binnendringen:v
binnengedrongen	binnendringen:v
hemelgeesten	hemelgeest:n
Afrikaander	Afrikaner:n
verzorgingsplaatsen	verzorgingsplaats:n
krijgsgoden	krijgsgod:n
krijgsgodinnen	krijgsgodin:n
nachtbussen	nachtbus:n
schuldenaren	schuldenaar:n
schuldenaars	schuldenaar:n
bijldragers	bijldrager:n
overgeloven	overgeloof:n
Deltaplan	deltaplan:n
Deltaplannen	Deltaplan:n
deltaplannen	deltaplan:n
deltaplannetje	deltaplan:n
rivierdelta's	rivierdelta:n
rivierendelta	rivierdelta:n
rivierengebieden	rivierengebied:n
riviergebied	rivierengebied:n
riviermondingen	riviermonding:n
riviermondinkje	riviermonding:n
hovaardiger	hovaardig:a
hovaardigst	hovaardig:a
hovaardige	hovaardig:a
hovaardigere	hovaardig:a
hovaardigste	hovaardig:a
verhovaardig	verhovaardigen:v
verhovaardigde	verhovaardigen:v
verhovaardigt	verhovaardigen:v
verhovaardigden	verhovaardigen:v
verhovaardigend	verhovaardigen:v
verhovaardigd	verhovaardigen:v
agnosten	agnost:n
agnostje	agnost:n
tabernakels	tabernakel:n
tabernakelen	tabernakel:n
tabernakeltje	tabernakel:n
stres	stressen:v
streste	stressen:v
strest	stressen:v
stresten	stressen:v
stressend	stressen:v
stresste	stressen:v
stresst	stressen:v
stressten	stressen:v
socialisties	socialistisch:a
feministies	feministisch:a
kommunisties	communistisch:a
marxisties	marxistisch:a
anarchisties	anarchistisch:a
revisionistischer	revisionistisch:a
revisionistischt	revisionistisch:a
revisionistische	revisionistisch:a
revisionistischere	revisionistisch:a
revisionistischte	revisionistisch:a
revisionisties	revisionistisch:a
stalinisties	stalinistisch:a
leninisties	leninistisch:a
trotskisties	trotskistisch:a
trotskistischer	trotskistisch:a
trotskistischt	trotskistisch:a
trotskistische	trotskistisch:a
trotskistischere	trotskistisch:a
trotskistischte	trotskistisch:a
maoïsties	maoïstisch:a
marxistisch-leninistischer	marxistisch-leninistisch:a
marxistisch-leninistischt	marxistisch-leninistisch:a
marxistisch-leninistische	marxistisch-leninistisch:a
marxistisch-leninistischere	marxistisch-leninistisch:a
marxistisch-leninistischte	marxistisch-leninistisch:a
marxisties-leninisties	marxistisch-leninistisch:a
marksisties	marxistisch:a
marksisme	marxisme:n
fascisties	fascistisch:a
aktivisties	activistisch:a
activistischer	activistisch:a
activistischt	activistisch:a
activistische	activistisch:a
activistischere	activistisch:a
activistischte	activistisch:a
communisties	communistisch:a
revisionismes	revisionisme:n
marxisten	marxist:n
marxistje	marxist:n
stekels	stekel:n
stekeltje	stekel:n
stekeler	stekel:a
stekelst	stekel:a
rookwaren	rookwaar:n
zelfrijdende	zelfrijdend:a
mesdjids	mesdjid:n
vijgcactussen	vijgcactus:n
vijgencactus	vijgcactus:n
cactusvijgen	cactusvijg:n
woestijnvijgen	woestijnvijg:n
atoomproeven	atoomproef:n
atoomproefje	atoomproef:n
kernproeven	kernproef:n
kernproefje	kernproef:n
rondetijden	rondetijd:n
ruimtependels	ruimtependel:n
Basjkierse	Basjkiers:a
ruilharten	ruilhart:n
boomkorren	boomkor:n
pulskorren	pulskor:n
minnegoden	minnegod:n
minnegodje	minnegod:n
mingodinnen	mingodin:n
parelvissers	parelvisser:n
vegaburgers	vegaburger:n
boetieks	boetiek:n
boetieken	boetiek:n
boetiekje	boetiek:n
lichtlichamen	lichtlichaam:n
zepiger	zepig:a
zepigst	zepig:a
zepige	zepig:a
zepigere	zepig:a
zepigste	zepig:a
absurditeiten	absurditeit:n
absurditeitje	absurditeit:n
Bulgaartje	Bulgaar:n
vormenleer	vormleer:n
schuifmaten	schuifmaat:n
schuifmaatje	schuifmaat:n
carpool	carpoolen:v
carpoolde	carpoolen:v
carpoolt	carpoolen:v
carpoolden	carpoolen:v
carpoolend	carpoolen:v
gecarpoold	carpoolen:v
verbroeder	verbroederen:v
verbroederde	verbroederen:v
verbroedert	verbroederen:v
verbroederden	verbroederen:v
verbroederend	verbroederen:v
verbroederd	verbroederen:v
trialogen	trialoog:n
triloog	trialoog:n
Guatemalteekse	Guatemalteeks:a
Guatemalaanse	Guatemalaans:a
jodenchristennen	jodenchristen:n
appelsiensappen	appelsiensap:n
appelsiensapje	appelsiensap:n
dopelingen	dopeling:n
dopelingetje	dopeling:n
vuurdopen	vuurdoop:n
egelvarkens	egelvarken:n
eendenmollen	eendenmol:n
haarschuiers	haarschuier:n
haarschuiertje	haarschuier:n
Istmische	Istmisch:a
kiesstelsels	kiesstelsel:n
rayonhoofden	rayonhoofd:n
kluun	klunen:v
kluunde	klunen:v
kluunt	klunen:v
kluunden	klunen:v
klunend	klunen:v
gekluund	klunen:v
kolders	kolder:n
rondelen	rondeel:n
rondeeltje	rondeel:n
stouw	stuw:n
stouwen	stouw:n
stouwtje	stouw:n
stoe	stouw:n
spoedeisender	spoedeisend:a
spoedeisendst	spoedeisend:a
spoedeisende	spoedeisend:a
spoedeisendere	spoedeisend:a
spoedeisendste	spoedeisend:a
schuiers	schuier:n
schuiertje	schuier:n
schuier	schuieren:v
schuierde	schuieren:v
schuiert	schuieren:v
schuierden	schuieren:v
schuierend	schuieren:v
geschuierd	schuieren:v
broddel	broddelen:v
broddelde	broddelen:v
broddelt	broddelen:v
broddelden	broddelen:v
broddelend	broddelen:v
gebroddeld	broddelen:v
sagopalmen	sagopalm:n
afmik	afmikken:v
afmikte	afmikken:v
afmikt	afmikken:v
afmikten	afmikken:v
afmikkend	afmikken:v
afgemikt	afmikken:v
kadavereuze	kadavereus:a
vleugellamme	vleugellam:a
zoolgangers	zoolganger:n
typgeiten	typgeit:n
typegeit	typgeit:n
tikgeiten	tikgeit:n
arbeidsmigranten	arbeidsmigrant:n
waterplanten	waterplant:n
waterplantje	waterplant:n
kwis	quiz:n
zurkels	zurkel:n
labradoedels	labradoedel:n
poedelnaakte	poedelnaakt:a
dwergvalken	dwergvalk:n
dwergvalkje	dwergvalk:n
tolwegen	tolweg:n
tolweggetje	tolweg:n
baardloze	baardloos:a
baardeloos	baardloos:a
rokers	roker:n
rokertje	roker:n
rokertjes	rokertje:n
toekomstverwachtingen	toekomstverwachting:n
antirookmagiërs	antirookmagiër:n
magiërs	magiër:n
magiërtje	magiër:n
ongediertebestrijdingen	ongediertebestrijding:n
kout	kouten:v
koutte	kouten:v
koutten	kouten:v
koutend	kouten:v
gekout	kouten:v
bemazzels	bemazzel:n
bodemerijen	bodemerij:n
gasbevingen	gasbeving:n
gaswinningen	gaswinning:n
kraalogen	kraaloog:n
kraaloogje	kraaloog:n
zesthalven	zesthalf:n
zesthalfje	zesthalf:n
levensleugens	levensleugen:n
levensleugentje	levensleugen:n
rookabri's	rookabri:n
buitenwerken	buitenwerk:n
buitenwerkje	buitenwerk:n
buitentijdse	buitentijds:a
condoleanties	condoleantie:n
steenvruchten	steenvrucht:n
steenvruchtje	steenvrucht:n
mondenvol	mondvol:n
mondvollen	mondvol:n
mondjevol	mondvol:n
civilisationele	civilisationeel:a
bestevaders	bestevader:n
bestevaderen	bestevader:n
bestevaar	bestevader:n
bestemoeders	bestemoeder:n
bestemoedertje	bestemoeder:n
bestemoer	bestemoeder:n
grafgiften	grafgift:n
onlusten	onlust:n
nachtvorstje	nachtvorst:n
decentraliseringen	decentralisering:n
stereotypeer	stereotyperen:v
stereotypeerde	stereotyperen:v
stereotypeert	stereotyperen:v
stereotypeerden	stereotyperen:v
stereotyperend	stereotyperen:v
gestereotypeerd	stereotyperen:v
stereotyperingen	stereotypering:n
vastbijt	vastbijten:v
vastbeet	vastbijten:v
vastbeten	vastbijten:v
vastbijtend	vastbijten:v
vastgebeten	vastbijten:v
toespeel	toespelen:v
toespeelde	toespelen:v
toespeelt	toespelen:v
toespeelden	toespelen:v
toespelend	toespelen:v
toegespeeld	toespelen:v
voorlichters	voorlichter:n
voorlichtertje	voorlichter:n
voorlicht	voorlichten:v
voorlichtte	voorlichten:v
voorlichtten	voorlichten:v
voorlichtend	voorlichten:v
voorgelicht	voorlichten:v
vuistdiepe	vuistdiep:a
gifmengers	gifmenger:n
energiedranken	energiedrank:n
energiedrankje	energiedrank:n
halsmisdaden	halsmisdaad:n
halsmisdrijven	halsmisdrijf:n
Hollanditis	hollanditis:n
micro-organismen	micro-organisme:n
micro-organismes	micro-organisme:n
veenkoloniën	veenkolonie:n
cieren	sieren:v
paranoïci	paranoïcus:n
piratenschepen	piratenschip:n
piratenscheepje	piratenschip:n
oercontinenten	oercontinent:n
damclubs	damclub:n
snauw	snauwen:v
snauwde	snauwen:v
snauwt	snauwen:v
snauwden	snauwen:v
snauwend	snauwen:v
gesnauwd	snauwen:v
zwemblazen	zwemblaas:n
zwemblaasje	zwemblaas:n
ijskoffies	ijskoffie:n
stommiteiten	stommiteit:n
stommiteitje	stommiteit:n
lokoma's	lokoma:n
lokomaatje	lokoma:n
ploerten	ploert:n
ploertje	ploert:n
huisploerten	huisploert:n
ploertendoders	ploertendoder:n
tongvallen	tongval:n
tongvalletje	tongval:n
notenschriften	notenschrift:n
washanden	washand:n
washandje	washand:n
Kaapse	Kaaps:a
Vlaamsen	Vlaamse:n
doorlees	doorlezen:v
doorlas	doorlezen:v
doorleest	doorlezen:v
doorlazen	doorlezen:v
doorlezend	doorlezen:v
doorgelezen	doorlezen:v
verruil	verruilen:v
verruilde	verruilen:v
verruilt	verruilen:v
verruilden	verruilen:v
verruilend	verruilen:v
verruild	verruilen:v
pyrietziekten	pyrietziekte:n
pyrietziektes	pyrietziekte:n
eigenaarden	eigenaard:n
eigenaardje	eigenaard:n
geldezels	geldezel:n
geldezeltje	geldezel:n
brekebenen	brekebeen:n
brekebeentje	brekebeen:n
witgatten	witgat:n
witgatje	witgat:n
roodharen	roodhaar:n
roodhaartje	roodhaar:n
weetallen	weetal:n
weetalletje	weetal:n
klankbeelden	klankbeeld:n
broncodes	broncode:n
bananenboten	bananenboot:n
bananenbootje	bananenboot:n
bacoven	bacove:n
bacoves	bacove:n
heiligheden	heiligheid:n
heiligheidje	heiligheid:n
collusies	collusie:n
collusiën	collusie:n
poepers	poeper:n
poepertje	poeper:n
cargadoors	cargadoor:n
belasting-paradijs	belastingparadijs:n
huisvrienden	huisvriend:n
huisvriendje	huisvriend:n
bluf-SUVs	bluf-SUV:n
krijgstochten	krijgstocht:n
koopsteden	koopstad:n
dierrijker	dierrijk:a
dierrijkst	dierrijk:a
dierrijke	dierrijk:a
dierrijkere	dierrijk:a
dierrijkste	dierrijk:a
dierrijk	dierenrijk:n
korjalen	korjaal:n
korjaaltje	korjaal:n
burgerzeden	burgerzede:n
brandewijnskroegen	brandewijnskroeg:n
brandewijnkroeg	brandewijnskroeg:n
biofysici	biofysicus:n
biofysicusje	biofysicus:n
filantropen	filantroop:n
klimvissen	klimvis:n
slurfdieren	slurfdier:n
olifantachtigen	olifantachtige:n
olifantachtige	olifantachtig:a
gidsfossielen	gidsfossiel:n
fluithazen	fluithaas:n
evenknieën	evenknie:n
evenknietje	evenknie:n
dooiaanvallen	dooiaanval:n
roofmoorden	roofmoord:n
moordcijfers	moordcijfer:n
brandewyn	brandewijn:n
windwakken	windwak:n
wijnranken	wijnrank:n
wijnrankje	wijnrank:n
keerzangen	keerzang:n
sleurgeloofje	sleurgeloof:n
dompneuzen	dompneus:n
afvis	afvissen:v
afviste	afvissen:v
afvist	afvissen:v
afvisten	afvissen:v
afvissend	afvissen:v
afgevist	afvissen:v
bemest	bemesten:v
bemestte	bemesten:v
bemestten	bemesten:v
bemestend	bemesten:v
aardslangen	aardslang:n
aardslangetje	aardslang:n
radiohoofden	radiohoofd:n
onderkinnen	onderkin:n
onderkinnetje	onderkin:n
bedenkingen	bedenking:n
bedenkinkje	bedenking:n
micellairder	micellair:a
micellairst	micellair:a
schildwachten	schildwacht:n
schildwachtje	schildwacht:n
ficties	fictie:n
smeltkroezen	smeltkroes:n
smeltkroesje	smeltkroes:n
kroezen	kroes:n
kroesje	kroes:n
kroezer	kroes:a
kroest	kroes:a
bommenwerpers	bommenwerper:n
bommenwerpertje	bommenwerper:n
bloedschanden	bloedschande:n
eenmotorige	eenmotorig:a
tweemotorige	tweemotorig:a
driemotorige	driemotorig:a
vijfmotorige	vijfmotorig:a
zesmotorige	zesmotorig:a
achtmotorige	achtmotorig:a
magnaatje	magnaat:n
booreilanden	booreiland:n
bloeisels	bloeisel:n
Barbarijse	Barbarijs:a
vechtwagens	vechtwagen:n
schroothopen	schroothoop:n
snoepie	snoepje:n
worstenbroden	worstenbrood:n
worstenbroodje	worstenbrood:n
anusridders	anusridder:n
anusriddertje	anusridder:n
T-bonesteaks	T-bonesteak:n
zwinnen	zwin:n
zwinnetje	zwin:n
T-vormiger	T-vormig:a
T-vormigst	T-vormig:a
T-vormigere	T-vormig:a
T-vormigste	T-vormig:a
weteringen	wetering:n
weterinkje	wetering:n
zanik	zaniken:v
zanikte	zaniken:v
zanikt	zaniken:v
zanikten	zaniken:v
zanikend	zaniken:v
gezanikt	zaniken:v
medicijnmannen	medicijnman:n
medicijnmannetje	medicijnman:n
wikte	wikken:v
wikt	wikken:v
wikten	wikken:v
wikkend	wikken:v
gewikt	wikken:v
pappies	pappie:n
klimaatveranderingen	klimaatverandering:n
hommelbijen	hommelbij:n
roversschepen	roversschip:n
zeeroversschepen	zeeroversschip:n
waterpartijen	waterpartij:n
waterpartijtje	waterpartij:n
vroegstukken	vroegstuk:n
bloedgroepen	bloedgroep:n
belastinggelden	belastinggeld:n
overheidsgelden	overheidsgeld:n
geldhoeveelheden	geldhoeveelheid:n
handelsoorlogen	handelsoorlog:n
handelsoorlogje	handelsoorlog:n
drachtige	drachtig:a
schoeners	schoener:n
schoenertje	schoener:n
smousen	smous:n
smouzen	smous:n
smousje	smous:n
voltreffers	voltreffer:n
voltreffertje	voltreffer:n
buurtschappen	buurtschap:n
buurtschapje	buurtschap:n
buurschappen	buurschap:n
buurschap	buurtschap:n
minnemoeders	minnemoeder:n
mierenleeuwen	mierenleeuw:n
smoushonden	smoushond:n
smoushondje	smoushond:n
zeiste	zeisen:v
zeist	zeisen:v
zeisten	zeisen:v
zeisend	zeisen:v
gezeist	zeisen:v
eig	eigenlijk:d
bitterballen	bitterbal:n
bitterballetje	bitterbal:n
molentochten	molentocht:n
brandschepen	brandschip:n
brandscheepje	brandschip:n
informatiebronnen	informatiebron:n
informatiebronnetje	informatiebron:n
pijporgels	pijporgel:n
pijporgeltje	pijporgel:n
mondorgels	mondorgel:n
mondorgeltje	mondorgel:n
kuifpinguïns	kuifpinguïn:n
keelbandpinguïns	keelbandpinguïn:n
kinbandpinguïns	kinbandpinguïn:n
stormbandpinguïns	stormbandpinguïn:n
macaronipinguïns	macaronipinguïn:n
kladpapieren	kladpapier:n
kladpapiertje	kladpapier:n
kweekhuizen	kweekhuis:n
kweekhuisje	kweekhuis:n
broeikassen	broeikas:n
broeikasje	broeikas:n
broei	broeien:v
broeide	broeien:v
broeit	broeien:v
broeiden	broeien:v
broeiend	broeien:v
gebroeid	broeien:v
broeibakken	broeibak:n
broeibakje	broeibak:n
kweekbakken	kweekbak:n
kweekbakje	kweekbak:n
krygsgevangene	krijgsgevangene:n
municipaliteiten	municipaliteit:n
patrys	patrijs:n
toendra's	toendra:n
scheldpartijen	scheldpartij:n
scheldpartijtje	scheldpartij:n
lichttorens	lichttoren:n
lichttorentje	lichttoren:n
torenwachten	torenwacht:n
vuurseinen	vuursein:n
vuursignalen	vuursignaal:n
vogelstruisen	vogelstruis:n
vogelstruizen	vogelstruis:n
parenclubs	parenclub:n
geheelonthouders	geheelonthouder:n
contactdozen	contactdoos:n
contactdoosje	contactdoos:n
contactpersonen	contactpersoon:n
leugendetectors	leugendetector:n
contactloze	contactloos:a
conjectureel	conjecturaal:a
conjecturale	conjecturaal:a
durfbanken	durfbank:n
busmeesters	busmeester:n
busmeesteren	busmeester:n
penningmeesteressen	penningmeesteres:n
burgerkrijgen	burgerkrijg:n
zitski's	zitski:n
zitski	zitskiën:v
zitskiede	zitskiën:v
zitskiet	zitskiën:v
zitskieden	zitskiën:v
zitskiënd	zitskiën:v
gezitskied	zitskiën:v
zitskiërs	zitskiër:n
zitskiesters	zitskiester:n
redekundige	redekundig:a
menstruaties	menstruatie:n
menstruatietje	menstruatie:n
normtalen	normtaal:n
normaalvectoren	normaalvector:n
eenheidsvectoren	eenheidsvector:n
raakvectoren	raakvector:n
normaalverdelingen	normaalverdeling:n
eenheidsmatrices	eenheidsmatrix:n
identiteitsmatrices	identiteitsmatrix:n
fiscalisten	fiscalist:n
elitairder	elitair:a
elitairst	elitair:a
elitaire	elitair:a
elitairdere	elitair:a
elitairste	elitair:a
eenheidsuitgangen	eenheidsuitgang:n
hoofdrekenaars	hoofdrekenaar:n
blauwgrijze	blauwgrijs:a
grijsblauwe	grijsblauw:a
grauwblauwe	grauwblauw:a
blauwgrauwe	blauwgrauw:a
staalblauwe	staalblauw:a
machtsverheffingen	machtsverheffing:n
webstekken	webstek:n
webstekje	webstek:n
vandaliseer	vandaliseren:v
vandaliseerde	vandaliseren:v
vandaliseert	vandaliseren:v
vandaliseerden	vandaliseren:v
vandaliserend	vandaliseren:v
gevandaliseerd	vandaliseren:v
bemeester	bemeesteren:v
bemeesterde	bemeesteren:v
bemeestert	bemeesteren:v
bemeesterden	bemeesteren:v
bemeesterend	bemeesteren:v
bemeesterd	bemeesteren:v
differentiaties	differentiatie:n
aanlap	aanlappen:v
aanlapte	aanlappen:v
aanlapt	aanlappen:v
aanlapten	aanlappen:v
aanlappend	aanlappen:v
aangelapt	aanlappen:v
stuuk	stuken:v
stuukte	stuken:v
stuukt	stuken:v
stuukten	stuken:v
stukend	stuken:v
gestuukt	stuken:v
stukadoors	stukadoor:n
stukadoortje	stukadoor:n
whatsapps	whatsapp:n
whatsappje	whatsapp:n
dwergnijlpaarden	dwergnijlpaard:n
dwergnijlpaardje	dwergnijlpaard:n
stucen	stuken:v
stuccen	stuken:v
topverkopers	topverkoper:n
melkglazen	melkglas:n
melkglaasje	melkglas:n
vierpuntsdruktoetsen	vierpuntsdruktoets:n
druktoetsen	druktoets:n
druktoetsje	druktoets:n
geplogenheden	geplogenheid:n
geplogenheidje	geplogenheid:n
luchtreuzen	luchtreus:n
ruilkaartspellen	ruilkaartspel:n
ruilkaartspelen	ruilkaartspel:n
ruilkaarten	ruilkaart:n
ruilkaartje	ruilkaart:n
paspoppen	paspop:n
paspopje	paspop:n
sleutelrollen	sleutelrol:n
sleutelfiguren	sleutelfiguur:n
sleutelromans	sleutelroman:n
lijnintegralen	lijnintegraal:n
differentiaalquotiënten	differentiaalquotiënt:n
integristen	integrist:n
altsleutels	altsleutel:n
puimstenen	puimsteen:n
puimsteentje	puimsteen:n
bekras	bekrassen:v
bekraste	bekrassen:v
bekrast	bekrassen:v
bekrasten	bekrassen:v
bekrassend	bekrassen:v
sarcomen	sarcoom:n
gladakkers	gladakker:n
gladakkertje	gladakker:n
bemetsel	bemetselen:v
bemetselde	bemetselen:v
bemetselt	bemetselen:v
bemetselden	bemetselen:v
bemetselend	bemetselen:v
bemetseld	bemetselen:v
azc	asielzoekerscentrum:n
achterkleinkinderen	achterkleinkind:n
achterkleinkindje	achterkleinkind:n
hoogbejaarden	hoogbejaarde:n
vechtlustiger	vechtlustig:a
vechtlustigst	vechtlustig:a
vechtlustige	vechtlustig:a
vechtlustigere	vechtlustig:a
vechtlustigste	vechtlustig:a
dwerghoenders	dwerghoen:n
dwerghoentje	dwerghoen:n
hoenderkopers	hoenderkoper:n
boshoenders	boshoen:n
boshoenderen	boshoen:n
boshoentje	boshoen:n
hoendermelkers	hoendermelker:n
korhoenders	korhoen:n
korhoenderen	korhoen:n
korhoenen	korhoen:n
korhoentje	korhoen:n
korhennen	korhen:n
rakkelhoenders	rakkelhoen:n
auerhoenders	auerhoen:n
auerhoenderen	auerhoen:n
auerhoenen	auerhoen:n
auerhanen	auerhaan:n
auerhaantje	auerhaan:n
auerhennen	auerhen:n
berghoenders	berghoen:n
berghoenderen	berghoen:n
afknauw	afknauwen:v
afknauwde	afknauwen:v
afknauwt	afknauwen:v
afknauwden	afknauwen:v
afknauwend	afknauwen:v
afgeknauwd	afknauwen:v
knauw	knauwen:v
knauwde	knauwen:v
knauwt	knauwen:v
knauwden	knauwen:v
knauwend	knauwen:v
geknauwd	knauwen:v
Angelsassisch	Angelsaksisch:a|Angelsaksisch:m
Sassisch	Saksisch:a
bezabber	bezabberen:v
bezabberde	bezabberen:v
bezabbert	bezabberen:v
bezabberden	bezabberen:v
bezabberend	bezabberen:v
bezabberd	bezabberen:v
ruigpoothoenders	ruigpoothoen:n
boomhoenders	boomhoen:n
hoenderhokken	hoenderhok:n
hoenderhokje	hoenderhok:n
zandhoenders	zandhoen:n
zandhoenderen	zandhoen:n
steppenhoen	steppehoen:n
waterrallen	waterral:n
waterralletje	waterral:n
fluweelhoenders	fluweelhoen:n
fluweelhoentje	fluweelhoen:n
zijdehoenders	zijdehoen:n
zijdehoenderen	zijdehoen:n
zijdehoentje	zijdehoen:n
moerhoenderen	moerhoen:n
moerhoenders	moerhoen:n
berkhoenders	berkhoen:n
berkhoenderen	berkhoen:n
ijshoenders	ijshoen:n
zuidpoolkippen	zuidpoolkip:n
minnehoenders	minnehoen:n
bruidsgoederen	bruidsgoed:n
zwartvoetpinguïns	zwartvoetpinguïn:n
Nedersassisch	Nedersaksisch:a|Nedersaksisch:m
heiligenschijnen	heiligenschijn:n
coulisselandschappen	coulisselandschap:n
coulissenlandschap	coulisselandschap:n
paashaasschaamhaarverzamelaars	paashaasschaamhaarverzamelaar:n
afwit	afwitten:v
afwitte	afwitten:v
afwittend	afwitten:v
afgewit	afwitten:v
kosmopolitismus	kosmopolitisme:n
palmkruisen	palmkruis:n
paasvuren	paasvuur:n
paasvuurtje	paasvuur:n
paasbakens	paasbaken:n
paasbulten	paasbult:n
geslachtsrijper	geslachtsrijp:a
geslachtsrijpst	geslachtsrijp:a
geslachtsrijpe	geslachtsrijp:a
geslachtsrijpere	geslachtsrijp:a
geslachtsrijpste	geslachtsrijp:a
geslachtsryp	geslachtsrijp:a
orang-oetang	orang-oetan:n
kettervreters	kettervreter:n
voedselbanken	voedselbank:n
melkieten	melkiet:n
beijzel	beijzelen:v
beijzelde	beijzelen:v
beijzelt	beijzelen:v
beijzelden	beijzelen:v
beijzelend	beijzelen:v
beijzeld	beijzelen:v
ijzel	ijzelen:v
ijzelde	ijzelen:v
ijzelt	ijzelen:v
ijzelden	ijzelen:v
ijzelend	ijzelen:v
geijzeld	ijzelen:v
reisverslagen	reisverslag:n
reisverslagje	reisverslag:n
havenhoofden	havenhoofd:n
havenhoofdje	havenhoofd:n
mozaïeken	mozaïek:n
mozaïekje	mozaïek:n
casinobroden	casinobrood:n
satellietstaten	satellietstaat:n
satellietstaatje	satellietstaat:n
madrigalen	madrigaal:n
madrigaaltje	madrigaal:n
opperrabbijnen	opperrabbijn:n
hartverscheurender	hartverscheurend:a
hartverscheurendst	hartverscheurend:a
hartverscheurende	hartverscheurend:a
hartverscheurendere	hartverscheurend:a
hartverscheurendste	hartverscheurend:a
hoogachtender	hoogachtend:a
hoogachtendst	hoogachtend:a
hoogachtende	hoogachtend:a
hoogachtendere	hoogachtend:a
hoogachtendste	hoogachtend:a
zoroastriërs	zoroastriër:n
zoroastristen	zoroastrist:n
zoroastristische	zoroastristisch:a
zoroastrische	zoroastrisch:a
apostelbroden	apostelbrood:n
knäckebrood	knäckebröd:n
gerstebroden	gerstebrood:n
gerstebroodje	gerstebrood:n
twistreden	twistrede:n
cilinderdeuren	cilinderdeur:n
hellerivier	helrivier:n
kokardes	kokarde:n
kokarden	kokarde:n
kokardetje	kokarde:n
barakanen	barakaan:n
modieuzer	modieus:a
modieust	modieus:a
modieuze	modieus:a
modieuzere	modieus:a
modieuste	modieus:a
hippe	hip:a
kijf	kijven:v
keef	kijven:v
kijft	kijven:v
keven	kijven:v
kijvend	kijven:v
gekeven	kijven:v
kijfde	kijven:v
kijfden	kijven:v
gekijfd	kijven:v
kerkvaders	kerkvader:n
zeemijnen	zeemijn:n
zoutmijnen	zoutmijn:n
zilvermijnen	zilvermijn:n
zilvermijntje	zilvermijn:n
ijzermijnen	ijzermijn:n
ijzermijntje	ijzermijn:n
diamantmijnen	diamantmijn:n
diamantmijntje	diamantmijn:n
mijnarbeiders	mijnarbeider:n
mineer	mineren:v
mineerde	mineren:v
mineert	mineren:v
mineerden	mineren:v
minerend	mineren:v
gemineerd	mineren:v
kopermijnen	kopermijn:n
mijnwerkertjes	mijnwerkertje:n
mijnwerkershelmen	mijnwerkershelm:n
mijnwerkershelmpje	mijnwerkershelm:n
mijnwerkerslampen	mijnwerkerslamp:n
mijnwerkerslampje	mijnwerkerslamp:n
mijningenieurs	mijningenieur:n
dokwerkers	dokwerker:n
robijntje	robijn:n
mijngassen	mijngas:n
mijnrampen	mijnramp:n
speciaalbieren	speciaalbier:n
speciaalbiertje	speciaalbier:n
mijnenvelden	mijnenveld:n
mijnenveldje	mijnenveld:n
landmijnen	landmijn:n
landmijntje	landmijn:n
mijnwagens	mijnwagen:n
mijnwagentje	mijnwagen:n
flesch	fles:n
arbeidsemigranten	arbeidsemigrant:n
arbeidsimmigranten	arbeidsimmigrant:n
arduinstenen	arduinsteen:n
aangetekende	aangetekend:a
bulhonden	bulhond:n
bulhondje	bulhond:n
grondbelastingen	grondbelasting:n
buiszwammen	buiszwam:n
tijdbommen	tijdbom:n
tijdbommetje	tijdbom:n
aandeelhebsters	aandeelhebster:n
Erfgooiers	Erfgooier:n
bulleboeren	bulleboer:n
bullebakken	bullebak:n
bullebakje	bullebak:n
Braband	Brabant:m
bovenzangen	bovenzang:n
bewegwijzeringen	bewegwijzering:n
bewegwijzer	bewegwijzeren:v
bewegwijzerde	bewegwijzeren:v
bewegwijzert	bewegwijzeren:v
bewegwijzerden	bewegwijzeren:v
bewegwijzerend	bewegwijzeren:v
bewegwijzerd	bewegwijzeren:v
bewegwijzeraars	bewegwijzeraar:n
filmvertoningen	filmvertoning:n
sater	satyr:n
satyrspelen	satyrspel:n
saterspel	satyrspel:n
tondeldozen	tondeldoos:n
tondeldoosje	tondeldoos:n
schaarverrekijkers	schaarverrekijker:n
blaasroeren	blaasroer:n
blaasroertje	blaasroer:n
blaaspijpen	blaaspijp:n
blaaspijpje	blaaspijp:n
verdelgers	verdelger:n
schachttorens	schachttoren:n
mijnsteenbergen	mijnsteenberg:n
concessieblokken	concessieblok:n
concessies	concessie:n
maalstromen	maalstroom:n
maalstroompje	maalstroom:n
beneen	benenen:v
beneende	benenen:v
beneent	benenen:v
beneenden	benenen:v
benenend	benenen:v
beneend	benenen:v
bloedelozer	bloedeloos:a
bloedeloost	bloedeloos:a
bloederlozer	bloedeloos:a
bloedeloze	bloedeloos:a
bloederlozere	bloedeloos:a
bloedelooste	bloedeloos:a
voedingswaarden	voedingswaarde:n
voedingswaardes	voedingswaarde:n
piramidestelsels	piramidestelsel:n
trappenpiramiden	trappenpiramide:n
trappenpiramides	trappenpiramide:n
trappiramide	trappenpiramide:n
tegenovergestelden	tegenovergestelde:n
dichtwerken	dichtwerk:n
dichtwerkje	dichtwerk:n
consuminder	consuminderen:v
consuminderde	consuminderen:v
consumindert	consuminderen:v
consuminderden	consuminderen:v
consuminderend	consuminderen:v
geconsuminderd	consuminderen:v
zuiveringseden	zuiveringseed:n
klimplanten	klimplant:n
klimplantje	klimplant:n
hatseflatsen	hatseflats:n
hatseflatsje	hatseflats:n
islamofoben	islamofoob:n
islamofoobje	islamofoob:n
islamofobe	islamofoob:a
islamofobische	islamofobisch:a
bladerdegen	bladerdeeg:n
bladerdeegje	bladerdeeg:n
omkijk	omkijken:v
omkeek	omkijken:v
omkijkt	omkijken:v
omkeken	omkijken:v
omkijkend	omkijken:v
omgekeken	omkijken:v
bosuien	bosui:n
bosuitje	bosui:n
lente-uien	lente-ui:n
lente-uitje	lente-ui:n
stengeluien	stengelui:n
stengeluitje	stengelui:n
slijmballen	slijmbal:n
slijmballetje	slijmbal:n
blauwheden	blauwheid:n
golfdalen	golfdal:n
mallemolens	mallemolen:n
mallemolentje	mallemolen:n
prak	prakken:v
prakte	prakken:v
prakt	prakken:v
prakten	prakken:v
prakkend	prakken:v
geprakt	prakken:v
omzie	omzien:v
omzag	omzien:v
omziet	omzien:v
omzagen	omzien:v
omziend	omzien:v
omgezien	omzien:v
bruidskoeien	bruidskoe:n
betonies	betonie:n
betonietje	betonie:n
beulinnen	beulin:n
zintuiglijker	zintuiglijk:a
zintuiglijkst	zintuiglijk:a
zintuiglijke	zintuiglijk:a
zintuiglijkere	zintuiglijk:a
zintuiglijkste	zintuiglijk:a
troonsbestijgingen	troonsbestijging:n
troonbestijging	troonsbestijging:n
bestijgingen	bestijging:n
serafijnen	serafijn:n
serafijns	serafijn:n
serafijntje	serafijn:n
standvogels	standvogel:n
standvogeltje	standvogel:n
standvissen	standvis:n
zangvogels	zangvogel:n
zangvogeltje	zangvogel:n
ijsberichten	ijsbericht:n
achternoenen	achternoen:n
achternoentje	achternoen:n
bundisten	bundist:n
aanstrompel	aanstrompelen:v
aanstrompelde	aanstrompelen:v
aanstrompelt	aanstrompelen:v
aanstrompelden	aanstrompelen:v
aanstrompelend	aanstrompelen:v
aangestrompeld	aanstrompelen:v
strompel	strompelen:v
strompelde	strompelen:v
strompelt	strompelen:v
strompelden	strompelen:v
strompelend	strompelen:v
gestrompeld	strompelen:v
zeeotters	zeeotter:n
zeeottertje	zeeotter:n
goegelen	googelen:v
cadeaukaarten	cadeaukaart:n
cadeaukaartje	cadeaukaart:n
jaarabonnementen	jaarabonnement:n
jaarabonnementje	jaarabonnement:n
werkstraffen	werkstraf:n
werkstrafje	werkstraf:n
agnoste	agnost:n
wantoestanden	wantoestand:n
wantoestandje	wantoestand:n
ongenoegens	ongenoegen:n
onderuithaal	onderuithalen:v
onderuithaalde	onderuithalen:v
onderuithaalt	onderuithalen:v
onderuithaalden	onderuithalen:v
onderuithalend	onderuithalen:v
onderuitgehaald	onderuithalen:v
afhuur	afhuren:v
afhuurde	afhuren:v
afhuurt	afhuren:v
afhuurden	afhuren:v
afhurend	afhuren:v
afgehuurd	afhuren:v
carnavalsnamen	carnavalsnaam:n
carnavalsnaampje	carnavalsnaam:n
Koningsdagen	Koningsdag:n
Koningsdagje	Koningsdag:n
maakbaarder	maakbaar:a
maakbaarst	maakbaar:a
maakbare	maakbaar:a
maakbaardere	maakbaar:a
maakbaarste	maakbaar:a
kalverliefdes	kalverliefde:n
kalverliefden	kalverliefde:n
zandhagedissen	zandhagedis:n
zandhagedisje	zandhagedis:n
duinhagedissen	duinhagedis:n
duinhagedisje	duinhagedis:n
soldaatjes	soldaatje:n
invalshoeken	invalshoek:n
invalshoekje	invalshoek:n
kermodeberen	kermodebeer:n
kermodebeertje	kermodebeer:n
dauwdruppels	dauwdruppel:n
dauwdruppeltje	dauwdruppel:n
dauwtrap	dauwtrappen:v
dauwtrapte	dauwtrappen:v
dauwtrapt	dauwtrappen:v
dauwtrapten	dauwtrappen:v
dauwtrappend	dauwtrappen:v
gedauwtrapt	dauwtrappen:v
hyperparasieten	hyperparasiet:n
kneuen	kneu:n
kneutje	kneu:n
snipper	snipperen:v
snipperde	snipperen:v
snippert	snipperen:v
snipperden	snipperen:v
snipperend	snipperen:v
gesnipperd	snipperen:v
glaziger	glazig:a
glazigst	glazig:a
voorafjes	voorafje:n
visboeren	visboer:n
visboertje	visboer:n
afvaarten	afvaart:n
afvaartje	afvaart:n
kapsters	kapster:n
kapstertje	kapster:n
aanhoudingen	aanhouding:n
aanhoudinkje	aanhouding:n
toetakel	toetakelen:v
toetakelde	toetakelen:v
toetakelt	toetakelen:v
toetakelden	toetakelen:v
toetakelend	toetakelen:v
toegetakeld	toetakelen:v
maag-darmkanalen	maag-darmkanaal:n
maag-darmkanaaltje	maag-darmkanaal:n
spijsverteringskanalen	spijsverteringskanaal:n
spijsverteringskanaaltje	spijsverteringskanaal:n
spijsverteringen	spijsvertering:n
spijsverterinkje	spijsvertering:n
maagbloedingen	maagbloeding:n
maagbloedinkje	maagbloeding:n
maagaandoeningen	maagaandoening:n
hartaandoeningen	hartaandoening:n
longaandoeningen	longaandoening:n
maagdeke	maagd:n
maaginhouden	maaginhoud:n
maaginhoudje	maaginhoud:n
maag-darmcatarres	maag-darmcatarre:n
catarres	catarre:n
maagklachten	maagklacht:n
maaghevels	maaghevel:n
maagheveltje	maaghevel:n
maaglijders	maaglijder:n
maaglijdertje	maaglijder:n
maagpatiënten	maagpatiënt:n
maagpatiëntje	maagpatiënt:n
hartpatiënten	hartpatiënt:n
hartpatiëntje	hartpatiënt:n
gymnastiekuren	gymnastiekuur:n
gymnastiekuurtje	gymnastiekuur:n
je-weet-welkaters	je-weet-welkater:n
je-weet-welkatertje	je-weet-welkater:n
lesuren	lesuur:n
lesuurtje	lesuur:n
meesterstukken	meesterstuk:n
meesterstukje	meesterstuk:n
mergelgrotten	mergelgrot:n
mergelgrotje	mergelgrot:n
mechanismen	mechanisme:n
mechanismes	mechanisme:n
mechanismetje	mechanisme:n
mechanieken	mechaniek:n
mechaniekje	mechaniek:n
steunfondsen	steunfonds:n
steunfondsje	steunfonds:n
voddenbalen	voddenbaal:n
voddenbaaltje	voddenbaal:n
vrachtwagenchauffeurs	vrachtwagenchauffeur:n
vrachtwagenchauffeurtje	vrachtwagenchauffeur:n
pantser	pantseren:v
pantserde	pantseren:v
pantsert	pantseren:v
pantserden	pantseren:v
pantserend	pantseren:v
gepantserd	pantseren:v
trilleriger	trillerig:a
trillerigst	trillerig:a
truckbestuurders	truckbestuurder:n
privéchauffeurs	privéchauffeur:n
privéchauffeurtje	privéchauffeur:n
bevuil	bevuilen:v
bevuilde	bevuilen:v
bevuilt	bevuilen:v
bevuilden	bevuilen:v
bevuilend	bevuilen:v
bevuild	bevuilen:v
regelneukers	regelneuker:n
kommaneukers	kommaneuker:n
kommaneukertje	kommaneuker:n
bandenlichters	bandenlichter:n
bandenlichtertje	bandenlichter:n
bandafnemers	bandafnemer:n
maakster	maker:n
pijpbeurten	pijpbeurt:n
kettingkasten	kettingkast:n
kettingkastje	kettingkast:n
rikketikken	rikketik:n
brandmeesters	brandmeester:n
maanbevingen	maanbeving:n
maanbevinkje	maanbeving:n
maandagmorgenproducten	maandagmorgenproduct:n
maandagmorgenproductje	maandagmorgenproduct:n
maandagmorgens	maandagmorgen:n
maandagmorgentje	maandagmorgen:n
maaneclipsen	maaneclips:n
zoneclipsen	zoneclips:n
vrijdagmiddagborrels	vrijdagmiddagborrel:n
vrijdagmiddagborreltje	vrijdagmiddagborrel:n
vrijmibo's	vrijmibo:n
vrijmibootje	vrijmibo:n
appgroepen	appgroep:n
appgroepje	appgroep:n
baksels	baksel:n
bakseltje	baksel:n
kringloopwinkels	kringloopwinkel:n
kringloopwinkeltje	kringloopwinkel:n
slow	slowen:v
slowde	slowen:v
slowt	slowen:v
slowden	slowen:v
slowend	slowen:v
geslowd	slowen:v
rotvaarten	rotvaart:n
spintepels	spintepel:n
spintepeltje	spintepel:n
zeevonken	zeevonk:n
kaasstengels	kaasstengel:n
kibbelingen	kibbeling:n
kibbelingetje	kibbeling:n
dep	deppen:v
depte	deppen:v
dept	deppen:v
depten	deppen:v
deppend	deppen:v
gedept	deppen:v
darmbeenderen	darmbeen:n
darmbeentje	darmbeen:n
peppraatjes	peppraatje:n
financieringen	financiering:n
financierinkje	financiering:n
heenkomens	heenkomen:n
heenkomentje	heenkomen:n
soepkippen	soepkip:n
soepkipje	soepkip:n
soepkippetje	soepkip:n
verloopnippels	verloopnippel:n
verloopnippeltje	verloopnippel:n
vergistoeristen	vergistoerist:n
apenpakken	apenpak:n
apenpakje	apenpak:n
knokpartijen	knokpartij:n
knokpartijtje	knokpartij:n
Cubaanse	Cubaans:a
bedplas	bedplassen:v
bedplaste	bedplassen:v
bedplast	bedplassen:v
bedplasten	bedplassen:v
bedplassend	bedplassen:v
gebedplast	bedplassen:v
ledikanten	ledikant:n
ledikantje	ledikant:n
psychopaten	psychopaat:n
psychopaatje	psychopaat:n
dobbelzieke	dobbelziek:a
schietschijven	schietschijf:n
schietschijfje	schietschijf:n
afsijpel	afsijpelen:v
afsijpelde	afsijpelen:v
afsijpelt	afsijpelen:v
afsijpelden	afsijpelen:v
afsijpelend	afsijpelen:v
afgesijpeld	afsijpelen:v
toverstokken	toverstok:n
toverstokje	toverstok:n
luchtvaartuigen	luchtvaartuig:n
luchtvaartuigje	luchtvaartuig:n
avondlijker	avondlijk:a
avondlijkst	avondlijk:a
avondlijke	avondlijk:a
avondlijkere	avondlijk:a
avondlijkste	avondlijk:a
bokshandschoenen	bokshandschoen:n
bokshandschoentje	bokshandschoen:n
boksballen	boksbal:n
huifkarren	huifkar:n
huifkarretje	huifkar:n
peptalks	peptalk:n
spijbelaars	spijbelaar:n
spijbelaartje	spijbelaar:n
persrechters	persrechter:n
zadelpennen	zadelpen:n
slaapstanden	slaapstand:n
rijverboden	rijverbod:n
gebruikmaak	gebruikmaken:v
gebruikmaakte	gebruikmaken:v
gebruikmaakt	gebruikmaken:v
gebruikmaakten	gebruikmaken:v
gebruikmakend	gebruikmaken:v
gebruikgemaakt	gebruikmaken:v
brainstorm	brainstormen:v
brainstormde	brainstormen:v
brainstormt	brainstormen:v
brainstormden	brainstormen:v
brainstormend	brainstormen:v
gebrainstormd	brainstormen:v
raadsvergaderingen	raadsvergadering:n
raadsvergaderingetje	raadsvergadering:n
onheuser	onheus:a
onheust	onheus:a
onheuse	onheus:a
onheusere	onheus:a
onheuste	onheus:a
ontvankelijker	ontvankelijk:a
ontvankelijkst	ontvankelijk:a
pijlsnelle	pijlsnel:a
stofzuiger	stofzuigeren:v
stofzuigerde	stofzuigeren:v
stofzuigert	stofzuigeren:v
stofzuigerden	stofzuigeren:v
stofzuigerend	stofzuigeren:v
gestofzuigerd	stofzuigeren:v
zadelbuizen	zadelbuis:n
elixers	elixer:n
elixertje	elixer:n
maagelixers	maagelixer:n
maagelixirs	maagelixir:n
naveltruien	naveltrui:n
naveltruitje	naveltrui:n
boomkreeften	boomkreeft:n
tienersozen	tienersoos:n
autopeds	autoped:n
autopedje	autoped:n
zuigzoenen	zuigzoen:n
zuigzoentje	zuigzoen:n
swipe	swipen:v
swipete	swipen:v
swipet	swipen:v
swipeten	swipen:v
swipend	swipen:v
geswipet	swipen:v
maalsels	maalsel:n
maalseltje	maalsel:n
maaltijdvergoedingen	maaltijdvergoeding:n
maaltijdvergoedinkje	maaltijdvergoeding:n
gorsen	gors:n
gorsje	gors:n
gorzen	gors:n
plantensterolen	plantensterol:n
pitstraten	pitstraat:n
aandribbel	aandribbelen:v
aandribbelde	aandribbelen:v
aandribbelt	aandribbelen:v
aandribbelden	aandribbelen:v
aandribbelend	aandribbelen:v
aangedribbeld	aandribbelen:v
slagwapens	slagwapen:n
slagwapenen	slagwapen:n
spruitjes	spruitje:n
mysteryshoppers	mysteryshopper:n
mysteryguests	mysteryguest:n
narigheden	narigheid:n
narigheidje	narigheid:n
onderzijden	onderzijde:n
cloacadieren	cloacadier:n
snaveldieren	snaveldier:n
monotreme	monotreem:a
monotremen	monotreem:n
kaakfracturen	kaakfractuur:n
kaakfractuurtje	kaakfractuur:n
fractuurtje	fractuur:n
kaakbreuken	kaakbreuk:n
kaakbreukje	kaakbreuk:n
kaakbeenderen	kaakbeen:n
kaakbeentje	kaakbeen:n
kaakchirurgen	kaakchirurg:n
luchtfiets	luchtfietsen:v
luchtfietste	luchtfietsen:v
luchtfietst	luchtfietsen:v
luchtfietsten	luchtfietsen:v
luchtfietsend	luchtfietsen:v
geluchtfietst	luchtfietsen:v
potsierlijker	potsierlijk:a
potsierlijkst	potsierlijk:a
potsierlijke	potsierlijk:a
potsierlijkere	potsierlijk:a
potsierlijkste	potsierlijk:a
onverbiddelijker	onverbiddelijk:a
onverbiddelijkst	onverbiddelijk:a
onverbiddelijke	onverbiddelijk:a
onverbiddelijkere	onverbiddelijk:a
onverbiddelijkste	onverbiddelijk:a
vlieringen	vliering:n
vlierinkje	vliering:n
bewoordingen	bewoording:n
bewoordinkje	bewoording:n
Jodensterren	Jodenster:n
Jodensterretje	Jodenster:n
pronkstukken	pronkstuk:n
pronkstukje	pronkstuk:n
overervingen	overerving:n
overervinkje	overerving:n
Jood	jood:n
Joden	Jood:n
Joodje	Jood:n
overerf	overerven:v
overerfde	overerven:v
overerft	overerven:v
overerfden	overerven:v
overervend	overerven:v
overgeërfd	overerven:v
afweet	afweten:v
afwist	afweten:v
afwisten	afweten:v
afwetend	afweten:v
afgeweten	afweten:v
verwed	verwedden:v
verwedde	verwedden:v
verwedt	verwedden:v
verweddend	verwedden:v
beknot	beknotten:v
beknotte	beknotten:v
beknottend	beknotten:v
vermaan	vermanen:v
vermaande	vermanen:v
vermaant	vermanen:v
vermaanden	vermanen:v
vermanend	vermanen:v
vermaand	vermanen:v
beloop	belopen:v
beliep	belopen:v
beloopt	belopen:v
beliepen	belopen:v
belopend	belopen:v
belopen	beloop:n
opdoften	opdoffen:v
opdof	opdoffen:v
opdofte	opdoffen:v
opdoft	opdoffen:v
opdoftend	opdoffen:v
opgedoft	opdoffen:v
ontboezemden	ontboezemen:v
ontboezem	ontboezemen:v
ontboezemde	ontboezemen:v
ontboezemt	ontboezemen:v
ontboezemdend	ontboezemen:v
ontboezemd	ontboezemen:v
opzichtiger	opzichtig:a
opzichtigst	opzichtig:a
opzichtige	opzichtig:a
opzichtigere	opzichtig:a
opzichtigste	opzichtig:a
lamlendiger	lamlendig:a
lamlendigst	lamlendig:a
lamlendige	lamlendig:a
lamlendigere	lamlendig:a
lamlendigste	lamlendig:a
vermaningen	vermaning:n
vermaninkje	vermaning:n
ijskegels	ijskegel:n
ijskegeltje	ijskegel:n
cadeaubonnen	cadeaubon:n
cadeaubonnetje	cadeaubon:n
zelen	zeel:n
windvanen	windvaan:n
windvaantje	windvaan:n
windwijzers	windwijzer:n
windwijzertje	windwijzer:n
onderhoudsarmer	onderhoudsarm:a
onderhoudsarmst	onderhoudsarm:a
onderhoudsarme	onderhoudsarm:a
onderhoudsarmere	onderhoudsarm:a
onderhoudsarmste	onderhoudsarm:a
riddervanen	riddervaan:n
riddervaantje	riddervaan:n
pennoenen	pennoen:n
vaandragers	vaandrager:n
vaanvoerders	vaanvoerder:n
middelmoot	middenmoot:n
middenmoters	middenmoter:n
middenmotertje	middenmoter:n
middenmotors	middenmotor:n
zijwielen	zijwiel:n
zijwieltje	zijwiel:n
poortgebouwen	poortgebouw:n
poortgebouwtje	poortgebouw:n
gehoorapparaten	gehoorapparaat:n
gehoorapparaatje	gehoorapparaat:n
staalkaarten	staalkaart:n
staalkaartje	staalkaart:n
importheffingen	importheffing:n
neonatale	neonataal:a
esma's	esma:n
esmaatje	esma:n
overplaats	overplaatsen:v
overplaatste	overplaatsen:v
overplaatst	overplaatsen:v
overplaatsten	overplaatsen:v
overplaatsend	overplaatsen:v
overgeplaatst	overplaatsen:v
billijk	billijken:v
billijkte	billijken:v
billijkt	billijken:v
billijkten	billijken:v
billijkend	billijken:v
gebillijkt	billijken:v
billijker	billijk:a
billijkst	billijk:a
billijke	billijk:a
billijkere	billijk:a
billijkste	billijk:a
kernachtiger	kernachtig:a
kernachtigst	kernachtig:a
kernachtige	kernachtig:a
kernachtigere	kernachtig:a
kernachtigste	kernachtig:a
schuilga	schuilgaan:v
schuilging	schuilgaan:v
schuilgaat	schuilgaan:v
schuilgingen	schuilgaan:v
schuilgaand	schuilgaan:v
schuilgegaan	schuilgaan:v
zaligheden	zaligheid:n
zaligheidje	zaligheid:n
makerijen	makerij:n
makerijtje	makerij:n
gemutste	gemutst:a
ontvlooi	ontvlooien:v
ontvlooide	ontvlooien:v
ontvlooit	ontvlooien:v
ontvlooiden	ontvlooien:v
ontvlooiend	ontvlooien:v
ontvlooid	ontvlooien:v
antireclames	antireclame:n
melkbare	melkbaar:a
wevers	wever:n
wevertje	wever:n
speen	spenen:v
speende	spenen:v
speent	spenen:v
speenden	spenen:v
spenend	spenen:v
gespeend	spenen:v
spenen	speen:n
steven	stevenen:v
stevende	stevenen:v
stevent	stevenen:v
stevenden	stevenen:v
stevenend	stevenen:v
gestevend	stevenen:v
grasperken	grasperk:n
grasperkje	grasperk:n
verleer	verleren:v
verleerde	verleren:v
verleert	verleren:v
verleerden	verleren:v
verlerend	verleren:v
verleerd	verleren:v
kikker	kikkeren:v
kikkerde	kikkeren:v
kikkert	kikkeren:v
kikkerden	kikkeren:v
kikkerend	kikkeren:v
gekikkerd	kikkeren:v
opkikker	opkikkeren:v
opkikkerde	opkikkeren:v
opkikkert	opkikkeren:v
opkikkerden	opkikkeren:v
opkikkerend	opkikkeren:v
opgekikkerd	opkikkeren:v
kwebbel	kwebbelen:v
kwebbelde	kwebbelen:v
kwebbelt	kwebbelen:v
kwebbelden	kwebbelen:v
kwebbelend	kwebbelen:v
gekwebbeld	kwebbelen:v
verbijt	verbijten:v
verbeet	verbijten:v
verbeten	verbijten:v
verbijtend	verbijten:v
noodzaak	noodzaken:v
noodzaakte	noodzaken:v
noodzaakt	noodzaken:v
noodzaakten	noodzaken:v
noodzakend	noodzaken:v
genoodzaakt	noodzaken:v
vooruitga	vooruitgaan:v
vooruitging	vooruitgaan:v
vooruitgaat	vooruitgaan:v
vooruitgingen	vooruitgaan:v
vooruitgaand	vooruitgaan:v
vooruitgegaan	vooruitgaan:v
begaafder	begaafd:a
begaafdst	begaafd:a
begaafde	begaafd:a
begaafdere	begaafd:a
begaafdste	begaafd:a
afsnauw	afsnauwen:v
afsnauwde	afsnauwen:v
afsnauwt	afsnauwen:v
afsnauwden	afsnauwen:v
afsnauwend	afsnauwen:v
afgesnauwd	afsnauwen:v
broeihopen	broeihoop:n
verfrans	verfransen:v
verfranste	verfransen:v
verfranst	verfransen:v
verfransten	verfransen:v
verfransend	verfransen:v
speculeer	speculeren:v
speculeerde	speculeren:v
speculeert	speculeren:v
speculeerden	speculeren:v
speculerend	speculeren:v
gespeculeerd	speculeren:v
zeenaaktslakken	zeenaaktslak:n
zeenaaktslakje	zeenaaktslak:n
naaktslakken	naaktslak:n
naaktslakje	naaktslak:n
pilleweggen	pillewegge:n
gedachtenspinsels	gedachtenspinsel:n
gedachtenspinseltje	gedachtenspinsel:n
nikkelvrije	nikkelvrij:a
heenga	heengaan:v
heenging	heengaan:v
heengaat	heengaan:v
heengingen	heengaan:v
heengaand	heengaan:v
heengegaan	heengaan:v
Gajo's	Gajo:n
afsmelt	afsmelten:v
afsmolt	afsmelten:v
afsmolten	afsmelten:v
afsmeltend	afsmelten:v
afgesmolten	afsmelten:v
belangelozer	belangeloos:a
belangeloost	belangeloos:a
belangeloze	belangeloos:a
belangelozere	belangeloos:a
belangelooste	belangeloos:a
napalmbommen	napalmbom:n
kuifmakaken	kuifmakaak:n
dochtersmannen	dochtersman:n
zoonsvrouwen	zoonsvrouw:n
prothetici	protheticus:n
vleugeldeuren	vleugeldeur:n
vleugeldeurtje	vleugeldeur:n
dierdichten	dierdicht:n
dierendicht	dierdicht:n
dierenepen	dierenepos:n
dierenepossen	dierenepos:n
dierepos	dierenepos:n
dierengedichten	dierengedicht:n
diergedicht	dierengedicht:n
houtmijten	houtmijt:n
houtmijtje	houtmijt:n
gabber	gabberen:v
gabberde	gabberen:v
gabbert	gabberen:v
gabberden	gabberen:v
gabberend	gabberen:v
gegabberd	gabberen:v
zusterpartijen	zusterpartij:n
gifangels	gifangel:n
nachtroofvogels	nachtroofvogel:n
inwerk	inwerken:v
inwerkte	inwerken:v
inwerkt	inwerken:v
inwerkten	inwerken:v
inwerkend	inwerken:v
ingewerkt	inwerken:v
uitreken	uitrekenen:v
uitrekende	uitrekenen:v
uitrekent	uitrekenen:v
uitrekenden	uitrekenen:v
uitrekenend	uitrekenen:v
uitgerekend	uitrekenen:v
ministerialen	ministeriaal:n
ministeriale	ministeriaal:a
hofmeiers	hofmeier:n
dienstmannen	dienstman:n
ministeriabele	ministeriabel:a
Stichtse	Stichts:a
vaanjonkers	vaanjonker:n
jonkers	jonker:n
jonkertje	jonker:n
bedvrienden	bedvriend:n
bedvriendinnen	bedvriendin:n
microplastieken	microplastiek:n
heerooms	heeroom:n
slavenhandelaars	slavenhandelaar:n
slavenhandelaren	slavenhandelaar:n
kleinburgerlijke	kleinburgerlijk:a
gifgassen	gifgas:n
studeerkamers	studeerkamer:n
studeerkamertje	studeerkamer:n
wieber	wieberen:v
wieberde	wieberen:v
wiebert	wieberen:v
wieberden	wieberen:v
wieberend	wieberen:v
gewieberd	wieberen:v
terbeschikkingstellingen	terbeschikkingstelling:n
hondenwachten	hondenwacht:n
brandkogels	brandkogel:n
wereldtalen	wereldtaal:n
boekdelen	boekdeel:n
boekdeeltje	boekdeel:n
Oostvaarders	Oostvaarder:n
monachaaler	monachaal:a
monachaalst	monachaal:a
monachaale	monachaal:a
monachaalere	monachaal:a
monachaalste	monachaal:a
uitprint	uitprinten:v
uitprintte	uitprinten:v
uitprintten	uitprinten:v
uitprintend	uitprinten:v
uitgeprint	uitprinten:v
vectorvelden	vectorveld:n
vectorveldje	vectorveld:n
goedmaak	goedmaken:v
goedmaakte	goedmaken:v
goedmaakt	goedmaken:v
goedmaakten	goedmaken:v
goedmakend	goedmaken:v
goedgemaakt	goedmaken:v
Oranjeklanten	Oranjeklant:n
galjoten	galjoot:n
galjootje	galjoot:n
abordeer	aborderen:v
abordeerde	aborderen:v
abordeert	aborderen:v
abordeerden	aborderen:v
aborderend	aborderen:v
geabordeerd	aborderen:v
bloedvlaggen	bloedvlag:n
kaagje	kaag:n
bouwerijen	bouwerij:n
bouwerijtje	bouwerij:n
zondagskamers	zondagskamer:n
bestekamers	bestekamer:n
slavenkoloniën	slavenkolonie:n
slavenkolonies	slavenkolonie:n
menisten	menist:n
mennist	menist:n
zeesoldaten	zeesoldaat:n
brandweervrouwen	brandweervrouw:n
zeeforten	zeefort:n
boordevolle	boordevol:a
traktaties	traktatie:n
traktatietje	traktatie:n
ontroeringen	ontroering:n
ontroerinkje	ontroering:n
ahornsiropen	ahornsiroop:n
omvoegsels	omvoegsel:n
omvoegseltje	omvoegsel:n
invoegsels	invoegsel:n
invoegseltje	invoegsel:n
sus	sussen:v
suste	sussen:v
sust	sussen:v
susten	sussen:v
sussend	sussen:v
gesust	sussen:v
zweem	zwemen:v
zweemde	zwemen:v
zweemt	zwemen:v
zweemden	zwemen:v
zwemend	zwemen:v
gezweemd	zwemen:v
botvier	botvieren:v
botvierde	botvieren:v
botviert	botvieren:v
botvierden	botvieren:v
botvierend	botvieren:v
botgevierd	botvieren:v
inwoon	inwonen:v
inwoonde	inwonen:v
inwoont	inwonen:v
inwoonden	inwonen:v
inwonend	inwonen:v
ingewoond	inwonen:v
inruken	inrukken:v
inruk	inrukken:v
inrukte	inrukken:v
inrukt	inrukken:v
inrukten	inrukken:v
inrukend	inrukken:v
ingerukt	inrukken:v
gedij	gedijen:v
gedijde	gedijen:v
gedijt	gedijen:v
gedijden	gedijen:v
gedijend	gedijen:v
gedijd	gedijen:v
klikspanen	klikspaan:n
klikspaantje	klikspaan:n
klikspaan	klikspanen:v
klikspaande	klikspanen:v
klikspaant	klikspanen:v
klikspaanden	klikspanen:v
klikspanend	klikspanen:v
geklikspaand	klikspanen:v
spullenbazen	spullenbaas:n
buitenboordbeugels	buitenboordbeugel:n
buitenboordmotors	buitenboordmotor:n
buitenboordmotortje	buitenboordmotor:n
kweernen	kweern:n
kweerns	kweern:n
volkstellingen	volkstelling:n
anaalridders	anaalridder:n
anale	anaal:a
stercatalogi	stercatalogus:n
zeewezens	zeewezen:n
zeewezentje	zeewezen:n
springveren	springveer:n
springveertje	springveer:n
toproofdieren	toproofdier:n
hoekwanten	hoekwant:n
hoekwantje	hoekwant:n
staturen	statuur:n
zoutwaterkrokodillen	zoutwaterkrokodil:n
gehoorzalen	gehoorzaal:n
achterbannen	achterban:n
kustwateren	kustwater:n
voorfasen	voorfase:n
voorfases	voorfase:n
dinsdagmorgens	dinsdagmorgen:n
dinsdagmorgentje	dinsdagmorgen:n
woensdagmorgens	woensdagmorgen:n
woensdagmorgentje	woensdagmorgen:n
donderdagmorgens	donderdagmorgen:n
donderdagmorgentje	donderdagmorgen:n
vrijdagmorgens	vrijdagmorgen:n
vrijdagmorgentje	vrijdagmorgen:n
geldzorgen	geldzorg:n
haringbuizen	haringbuis:n
schimpschrijvers	schimpschrijver:n
oefenvijanden	oefenvijand:n
olifantsvogels	olifantsvogel:n
zondagmorgens	zondagmorgen:n
zondagmorgentje	zondagmorgen:n
zaterdagmorgens	zaterdagmorgen:n
zaterdagmorgentje	zaterdagmorgen:n
maandagochtenden	maandagochtend:n
maandagochtendje	maandagochtend:n
dinsdagochtenden	dinsdagochtend:n
dinsdagochtendje	dinsdagochtend:n
woensdagochtenden	woensdagochtend:n
woensdagochtendje	woensdagochtend:n
donderdagochtenden	donderdagochtend:n
donderdagochtendje	donderdagochtend:n
vrijdagochtenden	vrijdagochtend:n
vrijdagochtendje	vrijdagochtend:n
zaterdagochtenden	zaterdagochtend:n
zaterdagochtendje	zaterdagochtend:n
zondagochtenden	zondagochtend:n
zondagochtendje	zondagochtend:n
maandagse	maandags:a
maandags	maandag:n
dinsdagse	dinsdags:a
dinsdags	dinsdag:n
woensdagse	woensdags:a
woensdags	woensdag:n
negenen	negen:n
gezelschapspellen	gezelschapspel:n
gezelschapspelen	gezelschapspel:n
gezelschapspelletje	gezelschapspel:n
schoolmeisjes	schoolmeisje:n
achtjarige	achtjarig:a
driejarige	driejarig:a
zesjarige	zesjarig:a
negenjarige	negenjarig:a
duizendjarige	duizendjarig:a
donderdagse	donderdags:a
donderdags	donderdag:n
vrijdagse	vrijdags:a
vrijdags	vrijdag:n
zaterdagse	zaterdags:a
zaterdags	zaterdag:n
poorters	poorter:n
poortertje	poorter:n
zeeoorlogen	zeeoorlog:n
zeeoorlogje	zeeoorlog:n
kardoezen	kardoes:n
kardoesje	kardoes:n
kartetsen	kartets:n
adviesjachten	adviesjacht:n
zwaarwichtiger	zwaarwichtig:a
zwaarwichtigst	zwaarwichtig:a
zwaarwichtige	zwaarwichtig:a
zwaarwichtigere	zwaarwichtig:a
zwaarwichtigste	zwaarwichtig:a
kanonniers	kanonnier:n
kanonniertje	kanonnier:n
aftob	aftobben:v
aftobde	aftobben:v
aftobt	aftobben:v
aftobden	aftobben:v
aftobbend	aftobben:v
afgetobd	aftobben:v
tob	tobben:v
tobde	tobben:v
tobt	tobben:v
tobden	tobben:v
tobbend	tobben:v
getobd	tobben:v
pasja's	pasja:n
ijswinkels	ijswinkel:n
ijswinkeltje	ijswinkel:n
kennissenkringen	kennissenkring:n
buitenbeentjes	buitenbeentje:n
stuiterballen	stuiterbal:n
stuiterballetje	stuiterbal:n
kinderbijslagen	kinderbijslag:n
doorschuif	doorschuiven:v
doorschoof	doorschuiven:v
doorschuift	doorschuiven:v
doorschoven	doorschuiven:v
doorschuivend	doorschuiven:v
doorgeschoven	doorschuiven:v
spijtiger	spijtig:a
spijtigst	spijtig:a
spijtige	spijtig:a
spijtigere	spijtig:a
spijtigste	spijtig:a
doodsimpele	doodsimpel:a
esch	es:n
bagagedragers	bagagedrager:n
moederfietsen	moederfiets:n
proveniers	provenier:n
multimiljonairs	multimiljonair:n
wangestalten	wangestalte:n
hypothecaire	hypothecair:a
woekerpolissen	woekerpolis:n
zijzwaarden	zijzwaard:n
tweefrontenoorlogen	tweefrontenoorlog:n
partijgangers	partijganger:n
waterverplaatsingen	waterverplaatsing:n
verplaatsingen	verplaatsing:n
landlegers	landleger:n
landlegertje	landleger:n
baggermachines	baggermachine:n
roeven	roef:n
roefje	roef:n
kenter	kenteren:v
kenterde	kenteren:v
kentert	kenteren:v
kenterden	kenteren:v
kenterend	kenteren:v
gekenterd	kenteren:v
pagaaien	pagaai:n
zonnedekken	zonnedek:n
zonnedekje	zonnedek:n
halfdekken	halfdek:n
halfdekje	halfdek:n
bombardeergaljoten	bombardeergaljoot:n
aanvat	aanvatten:v
aanvatte	aanvatten:v
aanvattend	aanvatten:v
aangevat	aanvatten:v
reuzenpanda's	reuzenpanda:n
reuzenpandaatje	reuzenpanda:n
achterkousige	achterkousig:a
baatzoekers	baatzoeker:n
Jugurthijnse	Jugurthijns:a
scapuliers	scapulier:n
scapulieren	scapulier:n
scapuliertje	scapulier:n
walgewelven	walgewelf:n
kazematten	kazemat:n
kazematje	kazemat:n
natuurparels	natuurparel:n
woordgrappen	woordgrap:n
woordgrapje	woordgrap:n
landskinderen	landskind:n
bolletjesslikkers	bolletjesslikker:n
gastenboeken	gastenboek:n
gastenboekje	gastenboek:n
dodenboek	doodboek:n
dodenboeken	dodenboek:n
geschiedboeken	geschiedboek:n
geschiedboekje	geschiedboek:n
kaartenboeken	kaartenboek:n
volksplantingen	volksplanting:n
dresnegers	dresneger:n
solliciteer	solliciteren:v
solliciteerde	solliciteren:v
solliciteert	solliciteren:v
solliciteerden	solliciteren:v
solliciterend	solliciteren:v
gesolliciteerd	solliciteren:v
boeleer	boeleren:v
boeleerde	boeleren:v
boeleert	boeleren:v
boeleerden	boeleren:v
boelerend	boeleren:v
geboeleerd	boeleren:v
dwaalsterren	dwaalster:n
dwaalsterretje	dwaalster:n
toerfietsen	toerfiets:n
remwegen	remweg:n
megafonen	megafoon:n
orgelaars	orgelaar:n
straatorgels	straatorgel:n
straatorgeltje	straatorgel:n
kettingbrieven	kettingbrief:n
kettingbriefje	kettingbrief:n
kettingrokers	kettingroker:n
kettingrokertje	kettingroker:n
kettingzagen	kettingzaag:n
kettingzaagje	kettingzaag:n
muziekdozen	muziekdoos:n
muziekdoosje	muziekdoos:n
speeldozen	speeldoos:n
speeldoosje	speeldoos:n
feestvarkens	feestvarken:n
feestvarkentje	feestvarken:n
fuif	fuiven:v
fuifde	fuiven:v
fuift	fuiven:v
fuifden	fuiven:v
fuivend	fuiven:v
gefuifd	fuiven:v
peettantes	peettante:n
straatnamen	straatnaam:n
langoren	langoor:n
langoortje	langoor:n
bloemkooloren	bloemkooloor:n
theorben	theorbe:n
theorbetje	theorbe:n
principale	principaal:a
veroveraars	veroveraar:n
verklaarbare	verklaarbaar:a
verschoningen	verschoning:n
verschoninkje	verschoning:n
terechtwijs	terechtwijzen:v
terechtwees	terechtwijzen:v
terechtwijst	terechtwijzen:v
terechtwezen	terechtwijzen:v
terechtwijzend	terechtwijzen:v
terechtgewezen	terechtwijzen:v
misga	misgaan:v
misging	misgaan:v
misgaat	misgaan:v
misgingen	misgaan:v
misgaand	misgaan:v
misgegaan	misgaan:v
overhou	overhouden:v
overhoud	overhouden:v
overhield	overhouden:v
overhoudt	overhouden:v
overhielden	overhouden:v
overhoudend	overhouden:v
overgehouden	overhouden:v
wanbof	wanboffen:v
wanbofte	wanboffen:v
wanboft	wanboffen:v
wanboften	wanboffen:v
wanboffend	wanboffen:v
schietkramen	schietkraam:n
schietkraampje	schietkraam:n
moeien	moei:n
petemoeien	petemoei:n
rokzadels	rokzadel:n
zeeganzen	zeegans:n
zeegansje	zeegans:n
appe	appen:v
lieveheersbeest	lieveheersbeestje:n
spinnenkopmolens	spinnenkopmolen:n
spinnenkopmolentje	spinnenkopmolen:n
stellingmolens	stellingmolen:n
stellingmolentje	stellingmolen:n
grondzeilers	grondzeiler:n
grondzeilertje	grondzeiler:n
standerdmolens	standerdmolen:n
standerdmolentje	standerdmolen:n
paltrokmolens	paltrokmolen:n
paltrokmolentje	paltrokmolen:n
achtkantmolens	achtkantmolen:n
achtkantmolentje	achtkantmolen:n
schorsmolens	schorsmolen:n
schorsmolentje	schorsmolen:n
druiventrossen	druiventros:n
druiventrosje	druiventros:n
bolderkarren	bolderkar:n
bolderkarretje	bolderkar:n
monniksmolens	monniksmolen:n
monniksmolentje	monniksmolen:n
roosmolens	roosmolen:n
roosmolentje	roosmolen:n
windmotoren	windmotor:n
windmotors	windmotor:n
windmotortje	windmotor:n
koeienmelk	koemelk:n
tempelcomplexen	tempelcomplex:n
aaneensluit	aaneensluiten:v
aaneensloot	aaneensluiten:v
aaneensloten	aaneensluiten:v
aaneensluitend	aaneensluiten:v
aaneengesloten	aaneensluiten:v
kousenbanden	kousenband:n
kousenbandslangen	kousenbandslang:n
tasch	tas:n
boelers	boeler:n
toontalen	toontaal:n
creooltalen	creooltaal:n
taaleilanden	taaleiland:n
taaleilandje	taaleiland:n
bottelarijen	bottelarij:n
taboes	taboe:n
taboetje	taboe:n
bevlijtig	bevlijtigen:v
bevlijtigde	bevlijtigen:v
bevlijtigt	bevlijtigen:v
bevlijtigden	bevlijtigen:v
bevlijtigend	bevlijtigen:v
bevlijtigd	bevlijtigen:v
lachvalken	lachvalk:n
kerkdeuren	kerkdeur:n
kerkdeurtje	kerkdeur:n
steltkluten	steltkluut:n
steltkluutje	steltkluut:n
lamantijns	lamantijn:n
lamantijnen	lamantijn:n
meestervuurwerkers	meestervuurwerker:n
vuurwerkers	vuurwerker:n
composthopen	composthoop:n
composthoopje	composthoop:n
rugschilden	rugschild:n
rugschildje	rugschild:n
belegsels	belegsel:n
belegseltje	belegsel:n
bezand	bezanden:v
bezandde	bezanden:v
bezandt	bezanden:v
bezandden	bezanden:v
bezandend	bezanden:v
bezandingen	bezanding:n
zandduinen	zandduin:n
zandduintje	zandduin:n
zandbijen	zandbij:n
zandbijtje	zandbij:n
zandstormen	zandstorm:n
zandstormpje	zandstorm:n
zandverstuivingen	zandverstuiving:n
zandverstuivinkje	zandverstuiving:n
stuifzanden	stuifzand:n
stuifzandje	stuifzand:n
zandpaden	zandpad:n
zandpaadje	zandpad:n
zandwegen	zandweg:n
zandweggetje	zandweg:n
zandgroeven	zandgroeve:n
zandgroeves	zandgroeve:n
zandgroevetje	zandgroeve:n
zandsteengroeven	zandsteengroeve:n
zandsteengroeves	zandsteengroeve:n
teerzanden	teerzand:n
zandsculpturen	zandsculptuur:n
spermatoforen	spermatofoor:n
veldleeuweriken	veldleeuwerik:n
veldleeuwerikje	veldleeuwerik:n
boomleeuweriken	boomleeuwerik:n
boomleeuwerikje	boomleeuwerik:n
kuifleeuweriken	kuifleeuwerik:n
kuifleeuwerikje	kuifleeuwerik:n
strandleeuweriken	strandleeuwerik:n
strandleeuwerikje	strandleeuwerik:n
zandvlakten	zandvlakte:n
zandvlaktes	zandvlakte:n
landbouwgiffen	landbouwgif:n
dwergmuizen	dwergmuis:n
dwergmuisje	dwergmuis:n
oogstmuizen	oogstmuis:n
oogstmuisje	oogstmuis:n
havenrechten	havenrecht:n
zandzegges	zandzegge:n
zandzeggen	zandzegge:n
mierennesten	mierennest:n
mierennestje	mierennest:n
vrijwiel	vrijwielen:v
vrijwielde	vrijwielen:v
vrijwielt	vrijwielen:v
vrijwielden	vrijwielen:v
vrijwielend	vrijwielen:v
gevrijwield	vrijwielen:v
uitbaters	uitbater:n
uitbatertje	uitbater:n
delingen	deling:n
inspeel	inspelen:v
inspeelde	inspelen:v
inspeelt	inspelen:v
inspeelden	inspelen:v
inspelend	inspelen:v
ingespeeld	inspelen:v
ernstvuurwerken	ernstvuurwerk:n
zelfbeelden	zelfbeeld:n
vleerhonden	vleerhond:n
vleerhondje	vleerhond:n
landinwaartser	landinwaarts:a
landinwaartst	landinwaarts:a
landinwaartse	landinwaarts:a
landinwaartsere	landinwaarts:a
landinwaartste	landinwaarts:a
strandplevieren	strandplevier:n
strandpleviertje	strandplevier:n
strandpluvier	strandplevier:n
strandpleviers	strandplevier:n
plevieren	plevier:n
pleviers	plevier:n
pleviertje	plevier:n
aarsvoeten	aarsvoet:n
aarsvoetje	aarsvoet:n
prosopagnosieën	prosopagnosie:n
onbevruchte	onbevrucht:a
bevrucht	bevruchten:v
bevruchtte	bevruchten:v
bevruchtten	bevruchten:v
bevruchtend	bevruchten:v
aanvalsvlaggen	aanvalsvlag:n
laatbloeiers	laatbloeier:n
laatbloeiertje	laatbloeier:n
struiksprinkhanen	struiksprinkhaan:n
icarusblauwtjes	icarusblauwtje:n
nachtroofdieren	nachtroofdier:n
koudbloediger	koudbloedig:a
koudbloedigst	koudbloedig:a
koudbloedige	koudbloedig:a
koudbloedigere	koudbloedig:a
koudbloedigste	koudbloedig:a
koudbloedigen	koudbloedige:n
zaadkapsels	zaadkapsel:n
vergifleer	vergiftleer:n
fietskaarten	fietskaart:n
fietskaartje	fietskaart:n
machtspartijen	machtspartij:n
immunologen	immunoloog:n
acarologen	acaroloog:n
acarologische	acarologisch:a
stinkvogels	stinkvogel:n
raafgieren	raafgier:n
zandriffen	zandrif:n
zandrifje	zandrif:n
aannemelijkheden	aannemelijkheid:n
beenbreken	beenbreek:n
boskoeien	boskoe:n
soepschildpadden	soepschildpad:n
soepschildpadje	soepschildpad:n
zeeschildpadden	zeeschildpad:n
zeeschildpadje	zeeschildpad:n
halsbergers	halsberger:n
halsbergen	halsberg:n
maliënkolders	maliënkolder:n
sprinkhanenzwermen	sprinkhanenzwerm:n
halswenders	halswender:n
slangenarenden	slangenarend:n
slangenarendje	slangenarend:n
steenarenden	steenarend:n
steenarendje	steenarend:n
apenarenden	apenarend:n
apenarendje	apenarend:n
bastaardarenden	bastaardarend:n
bastaardarendje	bastaardarend:n
schreeuwarenden	schreeuwarend:n
dwergarenden	dwergarend:n
dwergarendje	dwergarend:n
hanengevechten	hanengevecht:n
hanengevechtje	hanengevecht:n
hanenkampen	hanenkamp:n
onderzoeksstations	onderzoeksstation:n
bubbelwolken	bubbelwolk:n
spoortunnels	spoortunnel:n
spoortunneltje	spoortunnel:n
boombasten	boombast:n
boomschorsen	boomschors:n
handvuurwapens	handvuurwapen:n
zwerken	zwerk:n
spikkels	spikkel:n
spikkeltje	spikkel:n
spikkeltjes	spikkeltje:n
weerpluimen	weerpluim:n
vriesweertje	vriesweer:n
voorhuizen	voorhuis:n
voorhuisje	voorhuis:n
appelbloesems	appelbloesem:n
appelbloesempje	appelbloesem:n
boomnimfen	boomnimf:n
wereldvoorraden	wereldvoorraad:n
zoetwatermeren	zoetwatermeer:n
zoetwatermeertje	zoetwatermeer:n
bladwespen	bladwesp:n
bladwespje	bladwesp:n
zaagwespen	zaagwesp:n
zaagwespje	zaagwesp:n
tapuiten	tapuit:n
tapuitje	tapuit:n
onderzoeksmethoden	onderzoeksmethode:n
onderzoeksmethodes	onderzoeksmethode:n
eetrijpe	eetrijp:a
natuurvreemde	natuurvreemd:a
rasptongen	rasptong:n
rasptongetje	rasptong:n
tong	tongen:v
tongde	tongen:v
tongt	tongen:v
tongden	tongen:v
tongend	tongen:v
getongd	tongen:v
donderpadden	donderpad:n
donderpadje	donderpad:n
zeedonderpadden	zeedonderpad:n
zeedonderpadje	zeedonderpad:n
rivierdonderpadden	rivierdonderpad:n
rivierdonderpadje	rivierdonderpad:n
waardgelders	waardgelder:n
stadsgezichten	stadsgezicht:n
stadsgezichtje	stadsgezicht:n
belforten	belfort:n
belfortje	belfort:n
collatierechten	collatierecht:n
collaties	collatie:n
dadelwijnen	dadelwijn:n
grafkamers	grafkamer:n
grafkamertje	grafkamer:n
blankvoorns	blankvoorn:n
blankvoorntje	blankvoorn:n
voorns	voorn:n
voorntje	voorn:n
elzenvoorns	elzenvoorn:n
elritsen	elrits:n
elritsje	elrits:n
ellerlingen	ellerling:n
grondelvoorns	grondelvoorn:n
grondels	grondel:n
grondeltje	grondel:n
beflijsters	beflijster:n
beflijstertje	beflijster:n
hopmannen	hopman:n
hoplieden	hopman:n
hoplui	hopman:n
hopmannetje	hopman:n
nachtactieve	nachtactief:a
dagactieve	dagactief:a
energieker	energiek:a
energiekst	energiek:a
energieke	energiek:a
energiekere	energiek:a
energiekste	energiek:a
dagvlinders	dagvlinder:n
dagvlindertje	dagvlinder:n
flitstreinen	flitstrein:n
asteroïden	asteroïde:n
asteroïdes	asteroïde:n
luilekkerland	Luilekkerland:m
celmaten	celmaat:n
celmaatje	celmaat:n
caricatuur	karikatuur:n
torpedobuizen	torpedobuis:n
lakmoesproeven	lakmoesproef:n
lakmoesproefje	lakmoesproef:n
supersterren	superster:n
supersterretje	superster:n
deepfakes	deepfake:n
deepfakeje	deepfake:n
buikdansers	buikdanser:n
buikdanseressen	buikdanseres:n
buikdanseresje	buikdanseres:n
universiteitssteden	universiteitsstad:n
universiteitsstadje	universiteitsstad:n
zadelsprinkhanen	zadelsprinkhaan:n
strandkrabben	strandkrab:n
strandkrabbetje	strandkrab:n
opblijf	opblijven:v
opbleef	opblijven:v
opblijft	opblijven:v
opbleven	opblijven:v
opblijvend	opblijven:v
opgebleven	opblijven:v
hamen	haam:n
verdwerg	verdwergen:v
verdwergde	verdwergen:v
verdwergt	verdwergen:v
verdwergden	verdwergen:v
verdwergend	verdwergen:v
verdwergd	verdwergen:v
leerstoornissen	leerstoornis:n
inspecteer	inspecteren:v
inspecteerde	inspecteren:v
inspecteert	inspecteren:v
inspecteerden	inspecteren:v
inspecterend	inspecteren:v
geïnspecteerd	inspecteren:v
steekwagens	steekwagen:n
steekwagentje	steekwagen:n
kickboks	kickboksen:v
kickbokste	kickboksen:v
kickbokst	kickboksen:v
kickboksten	kickboksen:v
kickboksend	kickboksen:v
gekickbokst	kickboksen:v
kickboksers	kickbokser:n
kickboksertje	kickbokser:n
vulpotloden	vulpotlood:n
vulpotloodje	vulpotlood:n
literatuuronderzoeken	literatuuronderzoek:n
literatuuronderzoekje	literatuuronderzoek:n
inspecties	inspectie:n
houdgrepen	houdgreep:n
tussenstops	tussenstop:n
satellietschotels	satellietschotel:n
satellietschoteltje	satellietschotel:n
schotelantennes	schotelantenne:n
steekkarren	steekkar:n
steekkarretje	steekkar:n
straatmuzikanten	straatmuzikant:n
straatmuzikantje	straatmuzikant:n
kleurpotloden	kleurpotlood:n
kleurpotloodje	kleurpotlood:n
grafieten	grafiet:n
timmermanspotloden	timmermanspotlood:n
catecheten	catecheet:n
hockeysticks	hockeystick:n
etensbakken	etensbak:n
etensbakje	etensbak:n
keukentrappen	keukentrap:n
keukentrapje	keukentrap:n
huishoudtrappen	huishoudtrap:n
huishoudtrapje	huishoudtrap:n
reinigingsmiddelen	reinigingsmiddel:n
reinigingsmiddeltje	reinigingsmiddel:n
reinigingen	reiniging:n
reinigers	reiniger:n
daggelders	daggelder:n
neushoornvogels	neushoornvogel:n
neushoornvogeltje	neushoornvogel:n
boomklevers	boomklever:n
boomklevertje	boomklever:n
tijgerspinnen	tijgerspin:n
wespspinnen	wespspin:n
wespenspin	wespspin:n
bodemsoorten	bodemsoort:n
luchtwaardinnen	luchtwaardin:n
invasies	invasie:n
invasietje	invasie:n
bewijsmaterialen	bewijsmateriaal:n
creditcards	creditcard:n
professioneler	professioneel:a
professioneelst	professioneel:a
professionele	professioneel:a
professionelere	professioneel:a
professioneelste	professioneel:a
nakijk	nakijken:v
nakeek	nakijken:v
nakijkt	nakijken:v
nakeken	nakijken:v
nakijkend	nakijken:v
nagekeken	nakijken:v
pispotten	pispot:n
pispotje	pispot:n
onbeleefder	onbeleefd:a
onbeleefdst	onbeleefd:a
onbeleefde	onbeleefd:a
onbeleefdere	onbeleefd:a
onbeleefdste	onbeleefd:a
makkies	makkie:n
klaarmaak	klaarmaken:v
klaarmaakte	klaarmaken:v
klaarmaakt	klaarmaken:v
klaarmaakten	klaarmaken:v
klaarmakend	klaarmaken:v
klaargemaakt	klaarmaken:v
audities	auditie:n
auditietje	auditie:n
jongedames	jongedame:n
jongedametje	jongedame:n
korporaals	korporaal:n
korporaaltje	korporaal:n
schutten	schut:n
schutje	schut:n
scoorders	scoorder:n
topscoorders	topscoorder:n
harlekijns	harlekijn:n
harlekijnen	harlekijn:n
harlekijntje	harlekijn:n
mieterser	mieters:a
mieterst	mieters:a
mieterse	mieters:a
mietersere	mieters:a
mieterste	mieters:a
sodemieters	sodemieter:n
scheepsbouwers	scheepsbouwer:n
tijgerpythons	tijgerpython:n
sluipers	sluiper:n
sluipertje	sluiper:n
hemdrokken	hemdrok:n
hemdrokje	hemdrok:n
zwijggelden	zwijggeld:n
bomvolle	bomvol:a
eivolle	eivol:a
propvolle	propvol:a
bloedlinke	bloedlink:a
geilzoete	geilzoet:a
godganse	godgans:a
geilbekken	geilbek:n
brillendozen	brillendoos:n
brillendoosje	brillendoos:n
brillenhuizen	brillenhuis:n
brillenhuisje	brillenhuis:n
brilledoos	brillendoos:n
brigadisten	brigadist:n
repeteergeweren	repeteergeweer:n
prijsschepen	prijsschip:n
doodbloed	doodbloeden:v
doodbloedde	doodbloeden:v
doodbloedt	doodbloeden:v
doodbloedden	doodbloeden:v
doodbloedend	doodbloeden:v
doodgebloed	doodbloeden:v
kroniekschrijvers	kroniekschrijver:n
slufters	slufter:n
slochter	slufter:n
klokjesgentianen	klokjesgentiaan:n
klokjesgentiaantje	klokjesgentiaan:n
gentianen	gentiaan:n
gentiaantje	gentiaan:n
nachtzwaluwen	nachtzwaluw:n
nachtzwaluwtje	nachtzwaluw:n
geitenmelkers	geitenmelker:n
sprinkhanenplagen	sprinkhanenplaag:n
voorlaadgeweren	voorlaadgeweer:n
achterlaadgeweren	achterlaadgeweer:n
voorladers	voorlader:n
achterladers	achterlader:n
oorlogsbodems	oorlogsbodem:n
oorlogsbodempje	oorlogsbodem:n
onvindbaarder	onvindbaar:a
onvindbaarst	onvindbaar:a
onvindbaare	onvindbaar:a
onvindbaardere	onvindbaar:a
onvindbaarste	onvindbaar:a
zaadballen	zaadbal:n
zaadballetje	zaadbal:n
griepvirussen	griepvirus:n
griepvirusje	griepvirus:n
zonneklare	zonneklaar:a
hagelwitte	hagelwit:a
hondsbrutale	hondsbrutaal:a
strontmisselijke	strontmisselijk:a
kotsmisselijke	kotsmisselijk:a
stronteigenwijze	stronteigenwijs:a
hondenstronten	hondenstront:n
strontvliegen	strontvlieg:n
strontvliegje	strontvlieg:n
strontzieke	strontziek:a
strontjaloerse	strontjaloers:a
torenhoge	torenhoog:a
hoogzwangere	hoogzwanger:a
poeslieve	poeslief:a
gloedhete	gloedheet:a
pissiger	pissig:a
pissigst	pissig:a
pissige	pissig:a
pissigere	pissig:a
pissigste	pissig:a
wittebroden	wittebrood:n
wittebroodje	wittebrood:n
witbrood	wittebrood:n
tarwebroden	tarwebrood:n
tarwebroodje	tarwebrood:n
broodbussen	broodbus:n
mudvolle	mudvol:a
mudjevolle	mudjevol:a
intrieste	intriest:a
reuzenkangoeroes	reuzenkangoeroe:n
luchtkarteringen	luchtkartering:n
kegelrobben	kegelrob:n
kegelrobbetje	kegelrob:n
steunkousen	steunkous:n
steunkousje	steunkous:n
sperwergrasmussen	sperwergrasmus:n
grasmussen	grasmus:n
grasmusje	grasmus:n
heggenmussen	heggenmus:n
heggenmusje	heggenmus:n
ringmussen	ringmus:n
ringmusje	ringmus:n
meeldraden	meeldraad:n
meeldraadje	meeldraad:n
prikkeldraden	prikkeldraad:n
prikkeldraadje	prikkeldraad:n
grijpstaarten	grijpstaart:n
grijpstaartje	grijpstaart:n
snuffelhonden	snuffelhond:n
snuffelhondje	snuffelhond:n
humusrijker	humusrijk:a
humusrijkst	humusrijk:a
humusrijke	humusrijk:a
humusrijkere	humusrijk:a
humusrijkste	humusrijk:a
buikwinden	buikwind:n
ruft	ruften:v
ruftte	ruften:v
ruftten	ruften:v
ruftend	ruften:v
geruft	ruften:v
blauwvleugelsprinkhanen	blauwvleugelsprinkhaan:n
okerrode	okerrood:a
ontdoe	ontdoen:v
ontdeed	ontdoen:v
ontdoet	ontdoen:v
ontdeden	ontdoen:v
ontdoend	ontdoen:v
ontdaan	ontdoen:v
kerfdieren	kerfdier:n
kerfdiertje	kerfdier:n
eslookje	eslook:n
deelwoordelijke	deelwoordelijk:a
voorleden	voorlid:n
voorledeken	voorlid:n
buidelmarters	buidelmarter:n
autobioscopen	autobioscoop:n
graafwerktuigen	graafwerktuig:n
bekerplanten	bekerplant:n
bekerplantje	bekerplant:n
gagels	gagel:n
boomwonden	boomwond:n
doosvruchten	doosvrucht:n
doosvruchtje	doosvrucht:n
guichelheilen	guichelheil:n
graslanden	grasland:n
graslandje	grasland:n
rooksignalen	rooksignaal:n
rooksignaaltje	rooksignaal:n
Willemsen	Willems:m
reaguursels	reaguursel:n
reaguurseltje	reaguursel:n
arbeidsmannen	arbeidsman:n
boemlauwer	boemlauw:a
boemlauwst	boemlauw:a
boemlauwe	boemlauw:a
boemlauwere	boemlauw:a
boemlauwste	boemlauw:a
briefde	briefen:v
brieft	briefen:v
briefden	briefen:v
briefend	briefen:v
gebriefd	briefen:v
briefte	briefen:v
brieften	briefen:v
gebrieft	briefen:v
nepperds	nepperd:n
lijnbussen	lijnbus:n
lijnbusje	lijnbus:n
Willemse	Willems:m
kant-en-klare	kant-en-klaar:a
waterwerpers	waterwerper:n
waterwerpertje	waterwerper:n
onvermogens	onvermogen:n
onvermogentje	onvermogen:n
kenteringen	kentering:n
buidelmiereneters	buidelmiereneter:n
buidelhazen	buidelhaas:n
pitrussen	pitrus:n
circusdieren	circusdier:n
circusdiertje	circusdier:n
eerbiedig	eerbiedigen:v
eerbiedigde	eerbiedigen:v
eerbiedigt	eerbiedigen:v
eerbiedigden	eerbiedigen:v
eerbiedigend	eerbiedigen:v
geëerbiedigd	eerbiedigen:v
eetlustiger	eetlustig:a
eetlustigst	eetlustig:a
eetlustige	eetlustig:a
eetlustigere	eetlustig:a
eetlustigste	eetlustig:a
eethuizen	eethuis:n
eethuisje	eethuis:n
appetijten	appetijt:n
appetijtje	appetijt:n
eeuwjaren	eeuwjaar:n
tsarendynastieën	tsarendynastie:n
werkgebieden	werkgebied:n
werkgebiedje	werkgebied:n
vorstenhuizen	vorstenhuis:n
vorstenhuisje	vorstenhuis:n
ongenode	ongenood:a
keizerdynastieën	keizerdynastie:n
keizersdynastie	keizerdynastie:n
tsarinnen	tsarin:n
ivoorsnavelspechten	ivoorsnavelspecht:n
vloedlijnen	vloedlijn:n
vloedlijntje	vloedlijn:n
ijstaria's	ijstaria:n
snotolven	snotolf:n
lompvissen	lompvis:n
mariene	marien:a
muggezifter	muggenzifter:n
bovengrenzen	bovengrens:n
bovenlimieten	bovenlimiet:n
ondergrenzen	ondergrens:n
onderlimieten	onderlimiet:n
socialistenvreters	socialistenvreter:n
communistenvreters	communistenvreter:n
marxist-leninisten	marxist-leninist:n
marxisten-leninisten	marxist-leninist:n
leninisten	leninist:n
woordklassen	woordklasse:n
hachelijker	hachelijk:a
hachelijkst	hachelijk:a
hachelijke	hachelijk:a
hachelijkere	hachelijk:a
hachelijkste	hachelijk:a
ovenverse	ovenvers:a
ovenfrieten	ovenfriet:n
ovenfrietje	ovenfriet:n
knuffeldieren	knuffeldier:n
knuffeldiertje	knuffeldier:n
knuffelbeesten	knuffelbeest:n
knuffelbeestje	knuffelbeest:n
waardgelden	waardgeld:n
budgetteer	budgetteren:v
budgetteerde	budgetteren:v
budgetteert	budgetteren:v
budgetteerden	budgetteren:v
budgetterend	budgetteren:v
gebudgetteerd	budgetteren:v
huursoldaten	huursoldaat:n
stoottroepen	stoottroep:n
eterijen	eterij:n
eterijtje	eterij:n
scheidmalen	scheidmaal:n
afscheidsmalen	afscheidsmaal:n
afscheidsmaaltje	afscheidsmaal:n
afscheidsdiners	afscheidsdiner:n
afscheidsdinertje	afscheidsdiner:n
afscheidsmaaltijden	afscheidsmaaltijd:n
tuindorpen	tuindorp:n
tuindorpje	tuindorp:n
tuinwijken	tuinwijk:n
tuinwijkje	tuinwijk:n
tuinsteden	tuinstad:n
tuinstadje	tuinstad:n
tuinstadwijken	tuinstadwijk:n
grootzeilen	grootzeil:n
grootzeiltje	grootzeil:n
Hanzesteden	Hanzestad:n
Hanzestadje	Hanzestad:n
wurggrepen	wurggreep:n
staatsbegrafenissen	staatsbegrafenis:n
koopvaarders	koopvaarder:n
koopvaardertje	koopvaarder:n
krachtmetingen	krachtmeting:n
krachtmetinkje	krachtmeting:n
spreidloopgeweren	spreidloopgeweer:n
kaatsers	kaatser:n
koester	koesteren:v
koesterde	koesteren:v
koestert	koesteren:v
koesterden	koesteren:v
koesterend	koesteren:v
gekoesterd	koesteren:v
daarstel	daarstellen:v
daarstelde	daarstellen:v
daarstelt	daarstellen:v
daarstelden	daarstellen:v
daarstellend	daarstellen:v
daargesteld	daarstellen:v
dagdieven	dagdief:n
haarsprays	haarspray:n
cederoliën	cederolie:n
sojakazen	sojakaas:n
sojakoeken	sojakoek:n
havende	havenen:v
havent	havenen:v
havenden	havenen:v
havenend	havenen:v
gehavend	havenen:v
bladgroenten	bladgroente:n
bladgroentes	bladgroente:n
glasgordijnen	glasgordijn:n
glasgordijntje	glasgordijn:n
stamboeken	stamboek:n
stamboekje	stamboek:n
diëtisten	diëtist:n
diëtiste	diëtist:n
hogesnelheidstreinen	hogesnelheidstrein:n
zwamneuzen	zwamneus:n
zwamneusje	zwamneus:n
neus	neuzen:v
neusde	neuzen:v
neust	neuzen:v
neusden	neuzen:v
neuzend	neuzen:v
geneusd	neuzen:v
dumdumkogels	dumdumkogel:n
godsdienstoorlogen	godsdienstoorlog:n
vredesonderhandelingen	vredesonderhandeling:n
bevelvoerders	bevelvoerder:n
kalanders	kalander:n
kalandertje	kalander:n
kommavlinders	kommavlinder:n
anatomiseer	anatomiseren:v
anatomiseerde	anatomiseren:v
anatomiseert	anatomiseren:v
anatomiseerden	anatomiseren:v
anatomiserend	anatomiseren:v
geanatomiseerd	anatomiseren:v
prachtvoorbeelden	prachtvoorbeeld:n
dadelkernen	dadelkern:n
dadelpitten	dadelpit:n
dadelpitje	dadelpit:n
holronder	holrond:a
holrondst	holrond:a
holronde	holrond:a
holrondere	holrond:a
holrondste	holrond:a
vleeshamers	vleeshamer:n
medeschuldigen	medeschuldige:n
medeschuldige	medeschuldig:a
optronische	optronisch:a
goudklompen	goudklomp:n
goudklompje	goudklomp:n
wijtingen	wijting:n
wijtinkje	wijting:n
gadden	gadde:n
periscopen	periscoop:n
periscoopje	periscoop:n
darmsappen	darmsap:n
darmklieren	darmklier:n
darmkliertje	darmklier:n
dassenholen	dassenhol:n
dassenburchten	dassenburcht:n
hondenrassen	hondenras:n
viertallige	viertallig:a
lijviger	lijvig:a
lijvigst	lijvig:a
lijvige	lijvig:a
lijvigere	lijvig:a
lijvigste	lijvig:a
frontlinies	frontlinie:n
hospitaalkerkschepen	hospitaalkerkschip:n
brugwachters	brugwachter:n
opiumholen	opiumhol:n
onderzoeksters	onderzoekster:n
kleinscheepse	kleinscheeps:a
meteorenzwermen	meteorenzwerm:n
rozenkevers	rozenkever:n
rozenkevertje	rozenkever:n
kruisbessen	kruisbes:n
kruisbesje	kruisbes:n
graancirkels	graancirkel:n
graancirkeltje	graancirkel:n
wereldeconomieën	wereldeconomie:n
terugfluit	terugfluiten:v
terugfloot	terugfluiten:v
terugfloten	terugfluiten:v
terugfluitend	terugfluiten:v
teruggefloten	terugfluiten:v
bezemstuivers	bezemstuiver:n
bezemstuivertje	bezemstuiver:n
triljoenen	triljoen:n
triljoentje	triljoen:n
binnenschepen	binnenschip:n
binnenscheepje	binnenschip:n
binnenvaartschepen	binnenvaartschip:n
binnenvaartscheepje	binnenvaartschip:n
armenhuizen	armenhuis:n
armenhuisje	armenhuis:n
armhuis	armenhuis:n
inmaak	inmaken:v
inmaakte	inmaken:v
inmaakt	inmaken:v
inmaakten	inmaken:v
inmakend	inmaken:v
ingemaakt	inmaken:v
schuldenlasten	schuldenlast:n
zelfstudies	zelfstudie:n
autodidactische	autodidactisch:a
heelhuidse	heelhuids:a
fabeldieren	fabeldier:n
fabeldiertje	fabeldier:n
fabelwezens	fabelwezen:n
fabelwezentje	fabelwezen:n
onderzeebootdiensten	onderzeebootdienst:n
onderzeediensten	onderzeedienst:n
halfkoetsen	halfkoets:n
dansfeesten	dansfeest:n
dansfeestje	dansfeest:n
darmvliezen	darmvlies:n
normaliseer	normaliseren:v
normaliseerde	normaliseren:v
normaliseert	normaliseren:v
normaliseerden	normaliseren:v
normaliserend	normaliseren:v
genormaliseerd	normaliseren:v
rammonitors	rammonitor:n
ramschepen	ramschip:n
pikdonkere	pikdonker:a
angstschreeuwen	angstschreeuw:n
angstschreeuwtje	angstschreeuw:n
tabbetjes	tabbetje:n
suikertantes	suikertante:n
suikertantetje	suikertante:n
suikermoeien	suikermoei:n
regentijden	regentijd:n
moede	moe:a|moed:n
campagnedekken	campagnedek:n
knaken	knaak:n
knaakje	knaak:n
klinkletters	klinkletter:n
klinklettertje	klinkletter:n
saucijzen	saucijs:n
saucijsje	saucijs:n
saucijzenbroodjes	saucijzenbroodje:n
boekstaafde	boekstaven:v
boekstaaft	boekstaven:v
boekstaafden	boekstaven:v
boekstavend	boekstaven:v
geboekstaafd	boekstaven:v
geazijnde	geazijnd:a
steenkolenvelden	steenkolenveld:n
fantasievoller	fantasievol:a
fantasievolst	fantasievol:a
fantasievolle	fantasievol:a
fantasievollere	fantasievol:a
fantasievolste	fantasievol:a
koelingen	koeling:n
snijwerken	snijwerk:n
snijwerkje	snijwerk:n
industriesteden	industriestad:n
industriestadje	industriestad:n
schuimkoppen	schuimkop:n
schuimkopje	schuimkop:n
apologeten	apologeet:n
catechisaties	catechisatie:n
ceremoniëler	ceremonieel:a
ceremonieelst	ceremonieel:a
ceremoniële	ceremonieel:a
ceremoniëlere	ceremonieel:a
ceremonieelste	ceremonieel:a
handelsgenoten	handelsgenoot:n
handelspartners	handelspartner:n
haggadot	haggada:n
haggada's	haggada:n
lactoscopen	lactoscoop:n
treurbuizen	treurbuis:n
tramwegen	tramweg:n
veldhospitalen	veldhospitaal:n
veldhospitaaltje	veldhospitaal:n
leringen	lering:n
beendroge	beendroog:a
kurkdroge	kurkdroog:a
gortdroge	gortdroog:a
beenafzettingen	beenafzetting:n
staatsschulden	staatsschuld:n
groffies	groffie:n
nieuwsgiere	nieuwsgier:a
roepers	roeper:n
roepertje	roeper:n
wegnemers	wegnemer:n
wegnemertje	wegnemer:n
plaatsers	plaatser:n
plaatsertje	plaatser:n
veroorzakers	veroorzaker:n
veroorzakertje	veroorzaker:n
nemers	nemer:n
nemertje	nemer:n
baarders	baarder:n
baardertje	baarder:n
grondbloemen	grondbloem:n
grondbloempje	grondbloem:n
golfvergelijkingen	golfvergelijking:n
zegelaarden	zegelaarde:n
klierkoortsen	klierkoorts:n
palmvruchten	palmvrucht:n
buidelratten	buidelrat:n
buidelratje	buidelrat:n
schubvlechten	schubvlecht:n
tovermiddelen	tovermiddel:n
tovermiddeltje	tovermiddel:n
strotten	strot:n
strotje	strot:n
kloeker	kloek:a
kloekst	kloek:a
kloeke	kloek:a
kloekere	kloek:a
kloekste	kloek:a
kloeken	kloek:n
kloekje	kloek:n
agreaties	agreatie:n
vaatwerken	vaatwerk:n
fabrieksarbeiders	fabrieksarbeider:n
fabrieksarbeidertje	fabrieksarbeider:n
betelnoten	betelnoot:n
fabrieksarbeidster	fabrieksarbeider:n
klokhennen	klokhen:n
klokhennetje	klokhen:n
ankerboeien	ankerboei:n
feestweken	feestweek:n
feestweekje	feestweek:n
meerboeien	meerboei:n
markeerboeien	markeerboei:n
zeetonnen	zeeton:n
brandmerken	brandmerk:n
brandmerkje	brandmerk:n
brandmerk	brandmerken:v
brandmerkte	brandmerken:v
brandmerkt	brandmerken:v
brandmerkten	brandmerken:v
brandmerkend	brandmerken:v
gebrandmerkt	brandmerken:v
dysfemismen	dysfemisme:n
dysfemismetje	dysfemisme:n
klinkerharmonieën	klinkerharmonie:n
vocaalharmonieën	vocaalharmonie:n
mietjes	mietje:n
condemnaties	condemnatie:n
fabriekscomplexen	fabriekscomplex:n
fabriekscomplexje	fabriekscomplex:n
roodherten	roodhert:n
witkopzeearenden	witkopzeearend:n
Ottomaans	Osmaans:a
drie-eenheidsmannetjes	drie-eenheidsmannetje:n
aanbevelenswaarde	aanbevelenswaard:a
spasticiteiten	spasticiteit:n
fabriekspoorten	fabriekspoort:n
fabriekspoortje	fabriekspoort:n
fabrieksrijders	fabrieksrijder:n
fabrieksrijdertje	fabrieksrijder:n
fabrieksteams	fabrieksteam:n
fabrieksteampje	fabrieksteam:n
zeeëend	zee-eend:n
esperantologen	esperantoloog:n
esperantoloogje	esperantoloog:n
werpschijven	werpschijf:n
werpschijfje	werpschijf:n
herstellingsoorden	herstellingsoord:n
herstellingen	herstelling:n
reparaties	reparatie:n
reparatieën	reparatie:n
reparatietje	reparatie:n
warmwaterbronnen	warmwaterbron:n
plaattektoniek	platentektoniek:n
paapjes	paapje:n
keverslakken	keverslak:n
keverslakje	keverslak:n
draaihekken	draaihek:n
draaihekje	draaihek:n
waterlobelia's	waterlobelia:n
kolenlijnen	kolenlijn:n
kolenlijntje	kolenlijn:n
zilverreigers	zilverreiger:n
zilverreigertje	zilverreiger:n
verfouter	verfouteren:v
verfouterde	verfouteren:v
verfoutert	verfouteren:v
verfouterden	verfouteren:v
verfouterend	verfouteren:v
verfouterd	verfouteren:v
pardellynxen	pardellynx:n
woestijnlynxen	woestijnlynx:n
betaalmeesters	betaalmeester:n
beteunie	betonie:n
altaardoeken	altaardoek:n
altaardoekje	altaardoek:n
altaarkleden	altaarkleed:n
altaarkleedje	altaarkleed:n
oliewinningen	oliewinning:n
stompneusapen	stompneusaap:n
parkeerschijven	parkeerschijf:n
uitkijktorens	uitkijktoren:n
uitkijktorentje	uitkijktoren:n
woudapen	woudaap:n
woudaapje	woudaap:n
mineraalarmer	mineraalarm:a
mineraalarmst	mineraalarm:a
mineraalarme	mineraalarm:a
mineraalarmere	mineraalarm:a
mineraalarmste	mineraalarm:a
noordvaarders	noordvaarder:n
huisbranden	huisbrand:n
huisbrandje	huisbrand:n
belastingfraudes	belastingfraude:n
samenstroom	samenstromen:v
samenstroomde	samenstromen:v
samenstroomt	samenstromen:v
samenstroomden	samenstromen:v
samenstromend	samenstromen:v
samengestroomd	samenstromen:v
ralreigers	ralreiger:n
ralreigertje	ralreiger:n
pardels	pardel:n
appelschillen	appelschil:n
appelschilletje	appelschil:n
appelschel	appelschil:n
strijdtonelen	strijdtoneel:n
strijdtoneeltje	strijdtoneel:n
psychoten	psychoot:n
psychootje	psychoot:n
dingwaarders	dingwaarder:n
consternaties	consternatie:n
puffertjes	puffertje:n
frontaler	frontaal:a
frontaalst	frontaal:a
frontale	frontaal:a
frontalere	frontaal:a
frontaalste	frontaal:a
loodlijnen	loodlijn:n
loodlijntje	loodlijn:n
kik	kikken:v
kikte	kikken:v
kikt	kikken:v
kikten	kikken:v
kikkend	kikken:v
gekikt	kikken:v
weghelften	weghelft:n
weghelftje	weghelft:n
stopstrepen	stopstreep:n
stopstreepje	stopstreep:n
middenstrepen	middenstreep:n
middenstreepje	middenstreep:n
middenbermen	middenberm:n
middenbermpje	middenberm:n
gadesla	gadeslaan:v
gadesloeg	gadeslaan:v
gadeslaat	gadeslaan:v
gadesloegen	gadeslaan:v
gadeslaand	gadeslaan:v
gadegeslagen	gadeslaan:v
aanwerp	aanwerpen:v
aanwierp	aanwerpen:v
aanwerpt	aanwerpen:v
aanwierpen	aanwerpen:v
aanwerpend	aanwerpen:v
aangeworpen	aanwerpen:v
aansmereen	aansmeren:v
aansmeer	aansmeren:v
aansmeerde	aansmeren:v
aansmeert	aansmeren:v
aansmeerden	aansmeren:v
aansmereend	aansmeren:v
aangesmeerd	aansmeren:v
aandelenhandelaren	aandelenhandelaar:n
aandelenhandelaars	aandelenhandelaar:n
aanmaningen	aanmaning:n
aanmaninkje	aanmaning:n
afdrachten	afdracht:n
afhaalchinezen	afhaalchinees:n
steekpalmen	steekpalm:n
afschetsingen	afschetsing:n
fonetische	fonetisch:a
buikwormen	buikworm:n
tulpenbomen	tulpenboom:n
tulpenboompje	tulpenboom:n
aardvlooien	aardvlo:n
klamp	klampen:v
klampte	klampen:v
klampt	klampen:v
klampten	klampen:v
klampend	klampen:v
geklampt	klampen:v
ascetische	ascetisch:a
badjuffrouwen	badjuffrouw:n
badjuffrouwtje	badjuffrouw:n
artsenijkundige	artsenijkundig:a
leefmilieus	leefmilieu:n
milieumisdrijven	milieumisdrijf:n
gemeenteambtenaren	gemeenteambtenaar:n
banketbakkers	banketbakker:n
banketbakkertje	banketbakker:n
mammaatje	mamma:n
grampers	gramper:n
roodbaarzen	roodbaars:n
roodbaarsje	roodbaars:n
vlokevers	vlokever:n
beeldelementen	beeldelement:n
beeldelementje	beeldelement:n
staartmannen	staartman:n
zeedahlia's	zeedahlia:n
zeedahliaatje	zeedahlia:n
bemoste	bemost:a
begeerlijkheden	begeerlijkheid:n
bewerp	bewerpen:v
bewierp	bewerpen:v
bewerpt	bewerpen:v
bewierpen	bewerpen:v
bewerpend	bewerpen:v
beworpen	bewerpen:v
trilalen	trilaal:n
beboetingen	beboeting:n
beenamputaties	beenamputatie:n
amputaties	amputatie:n
amputatietje	amputatie:n
benedenbuurmannen	benedenbuurman:n
benedenbuurvrouwen	benedenbuurvrouw:n
vruchtbaarheidsgodinnen	vruchtbaarheidsgodin:n
vruchtbaarheidsgodinnetje	vruchtbaarheidsgodin:n
bermtoeristen	bermtoerist:n
berkhanen	berkhaan:n
zandbermen	zandberm:n
oververzekerde	oververzekerd:a
onderverzekerde	onderverzekerd:a
Berlijners	Berlijner:n
mond-op-neusbeademingen	mond-op-neusbeademing:n
zeeberen	zeebeer:n
zeebeertje	zeebeer:n
oorrobben	oorrob:n
arecanoten	arecanoot:n
arekanoot	arecanoot:n
bezwangeringen	bezwangering:n
beverbomen	beverboom:n
beverboompje	beverboom:n
zabber	zabberen:v
zabberde	zabberen:v
zabbert	zabberen:v
zabberden	zabberen:v
zabberend	zabberen:v
gezabberd	zabberen:v
antiseptica	antisepticum:n
desinfectantia	desinfectans:n
ontsmettingsmiddelen	ontsmettingsmiddel:n
ontsmettingsmiddeltje	ontsmettingsmiddel:n
kerststukken	kerststuk:n
kerststukje	kerststuk:n
zeesnoeken	zeesnoek:n
atoomtheorieën	atoomtheorie:n
atoommodellen	atoommodel:n
bolhopen	bolhoop:n
vliegvis	vliegvissen:v
vliegviste	vliegvissen:v
vliegvist	vliegvissen:v
vliegvisten	vliegvissen:v
vliegvissend	vliegvissen:v
gevliegvist	vliegvissen:v
langeafstandswandelaars	langeafstandswandelaar:n
zeeslakken	zeeslak:n
zeeslakje	zeeslak:n
longslakken	longslak:n
longslakje	longslak:n
bewoord	bewoorden:v
bewoordde	bewoorden:v
bewoordt	bewoorden:v
bewoordden	bewoorden:v
bewoordend	bewoorden:v
dienstmaagden	dienstmaagd:n
dienstmaagdje	dienstmaagd:n
schoolreizen	schoolreis:n
schoolreisje	schoolreis:n
snoepreizen	snoepreis:n
snoepreisje	snoepreis:n
pretpakketten	pretpakket:n
pretpakketje	pretpakket:n
kistrijders	kistrijder:n
volksoplopen	volksoploop:n
volksoploopje	volksoploop:n
razeilen	razeil:n
razeils	razeil:n
razeiltje	razeil:n
handelsnaties	handelsnatie:n
handelsnatiën	handelsnatie:n
microbiotopen	microbiotoop:n
microbiotoopje	microbiotoop:n
boekmagen	boekmaag:n
boekpensen	boekpens:n
apetrotse	apetrots:a
oliedomme	oliedom:a
koewachters	koewachter:n
koewachtertje	koewachter:n
koewachterken	koewachter:n
koewachtertjes	koewachtertje:n
herdershonden	herdershond:n
herdershondje	herdershond:n
geitenherders	geitenherder:n
geitenherdertje	geitenherder:n
schaapherder	schaapsherder:n
rivierdalen	rivierdal:n
rivierdalletje	rivierdal:n
herdersstaven	herdersstaf:n
herdersstafje	herdersstaf:n
rivierbeddingen	rivierbedding:n
rivierbeddinkje	rivierbedding:n
zeebedden	zeebed:n
zielenherders	zielenherder:n
stroombeddingen	stroombedding:n
stroombeddinkje	stroombedding:n
grootindustriëlen	grootindustrieel:n
klabakken	klabak:n
klabakje	klabak:n
industrialisaties	industrialisatie:n
kaassoufflés	kaassoufflé:n
kaassouffleetje	kaassoufflé:n
stethoscopen	stethoscoop:n
stethoscoopje	stethoscoop:n
bouwsels	bouwsel:n
bouwseltje	bouwsel:n
afbouw	afbouwen:v
afbouwde	afbouwen:v
afbouwt	afbouwen:v
afbouwden	afbouwen:v
afbouwend	afbouwen:v
afgebouwd	afbouwen:v
muskusherten	muskushert:n
muskushertje	muskushert:n
kantjils	kantjil:n
dwergherten	dwerghert:n
dwerghertje	dwerghert:n
frikandel	frikadel:n
frikandellen	frikandel:n
frikandelletje	frikandel:n
frikadelletje	frikadel:n
gaffelherten	gaffelhert:n
schijnherten	schijnhert:n
moerasherten	moerashert:n
spiesherten	spieshert:n
schemeractieve	schemeractief:a
muildierherten	muildierhert:n
lierherten	lierhert:n
waterreeën	waterree:n
poedoes	poedoe:n
kariboes	kariboe:n
doorschiet	doorschieten:v
doorschoot	doorschieten:v
doorschoten	doorschieten:v
doorschietend	doorschieten:v
doorgeschoten	doorschieten:v
vullis	vuilnis:n
meeloop	meelopen:v
meeliep	meelopen:v
meeloopt	meelopen:v
meeliepen	meelopen:v
meelopend	meelopen:v
meegelopen	meelopen:v
boorling	boreling:n
geborelingen	geboreling:n
hertenkampen	hertenkamp:n
hertenkampje	hertenkamp:n
zesenders	zesender:n
Soendanezen	Soendanees:n
Soendaneesje	Soendanees:n
Soendanese	Soendanees:a
borstweren	borstweer:n
borstweertje	borstweer:n
treintrekkers	treintrekker:n
erfwoorden	erfwoord:n
zwerfwoorden	zwerfwoord:n
boomheiligdommen	boomheiligdom:n
knokfilms	knokfilm:n
lelieblanke	lelieblank:a
bloedbanen	bloedbaan:n
Gemenebest	gemenebest:n
skeletspieren	skeletspier:n
skeletspiertje	skeletspier:n
bewegingsapparaten	bewegingsapparaat:n
grootoorvossen	grootoorvos:n
lepelhonden	lepelhond:n
zadeljakhalzen	zadeljakhals:n
zadeljakhalsje	zadeljakhals:n
goudjakhalzen	goudjakhals:n
goudjakhalsje	goudjakhals:n
goudwolven	goudwolf:n
goudwolfje	goudwolf:n
rietwolven	rietwolf:n
rietwolfje	rietwolf:n
exoten	exoot:n
exootje	exoot:n
bruinhemden	bruinhemd:n
steenpuisten	steenpuist:n
steenpuistje	steenpuist:n
bloemisterijen	bloemisterij:n
bloemenkwekerijen	bloemenkwekerij:n
wolvenroedels	wolvenroedel:n
pinakels	pinakel:n
pinakeltje	pinakel:n
fialen	fiaal:n
fiaaltje	fiaal:n
rotjes	rotje:n
cimbalen	cimbaal:n
cimbaaltje	cimbaal:n
Wijsel	Wijssel:m
damstenen	damsteen:n
damsteentje	damsteen:n
cirkelbogen	cirkelboog:n
cirkelboogje	cirkelboog:n
dikdarmen	dikdarm:n
tafelmanieren	tafelmanier:n
ambtgenoten	ambtgenoot:n
ambtgenootje	ambtgenoot:n
soortgenoten	soortgenoot:n
soortgenootje	soortgenoot:n
rukberen	rukbeer:n
rukbeertje	rukbeer:n
shotglazen	shotglas:n
shotglaasje	shotglas:n
borrelglazen	borrelglas:n
borrelglaasje	borrelglas:n
jachthavens	jachthaven:n
jachthaventje	jachthaven:n
kunsthavens	kunsthaven:n
winterhavens	winterhaven:n
rivierhavens	rivierhaven:n
rivierhaventje	rivierhaven:n
legeraanvoerders	legeraanvoerder:n
legeraanvoersters	legeraanvoerster:n
herdenkingsmunten	herdenkingsmunt:n
herdenkingsmuntje	herdenkingsmunt:n
knotwilgen	knotwilg:n
knotwilgje	knotwilg:n
tempelwachters	tempelwachter:n
zwemvogels	zwemvogel:n
zwemvogeltje	zwemvogel:n
moffenmeiden	moffenmeid:n
moffenmeisje	moffenmeid:n
samenscholingsverboden	samenscholingsverbod:n
samenscholingsverbodje	samenscholingsverbod:n
karstbronnen	karstbron:n
meteorenregens	meteorenregen:n
dijkgraafschappen	dijkgraafschap:n
scheurmakers	scheurmaker:n
boomkruipers	boomkruiper:n
boomkruipertje	boomkruiper:n
antiaanbaklagen	antiaanbaklaag:n
antiaanbaklaagje	antiaanbaklaag:n
boomgoden	boomgod:n
boomgodinnen	boomgodin:n
bevis	bevissen:v
beviste	bevissen:v
bevist	bevissen:v
bevisten	bevissen:v
bevissend	bevissen:v
panoramatorens	panoramatoren:n
habijten	habijt:n
habijtje	habijt:n
konvooieer	konvooieren:v
konvooieerde	konvooieren:v
konvooieert	konvooieren:v
konvooieerden	konvooieren:v
konvooierend	konvooieren:v
gekonvooieerd	konvooieren:v
mosketten	mosket:n
witsels	witsel:n
afvlak	afvlakken:v
afvlakte	afvlakken:v
afvlakt	afvlakken:v
afvlakten	afvlakken:v
afvlakkend	afvlakken:v
afgevlakt	afvlakken:v
kleermaaksters	kleermaakster:n
kleermaakstertje	kleermaakster:n
schoenmakerijen	schoenmakerij:n
kleermakerijen	kleermakerij:n
vliegrampen	vliegramp:n
vliegrampje	vliegramp:n
broddelaars	broddelaar:n
bovenstemmen	bovenstem:n
boerenbedriegerijen	boerenbedriegerij:n
vliegdekken	vliegdek:n
vliegdekje	vliegdek:n
boekrecensies	boekrecensie:n
kleitabletten	kleitablet:n
kleitabletje	kleitablet:n
broeinesten	broeinest:n
broeinestje	broeinest:n
bodemtypes	bodemtype:n
infecteringen	infectering:n
overstijgingen	overstijging:n
bijvul	bijvullen:v
bijvulde	bijvullen:v
bijvult	bijvullen:v
bijvulden	bijvullen:v
bijvullend	bijvullen:v
bijgevuld	bijvullen:v
klootviolen	klootviool:n
brugklassen	brugklas:n
brugklasje	brugklas:n
brugklassers	brugklasser:n
brugklassertje	brugklasser:n
bruggers	brugger:n
bruggertje	brugger:n
brugpiepers	brugpieper:n
brugpiepertje	brugpieper:n
kietelaar	kittelaar:n
kietelaars	kietelaar:n
rivierdolfijnen	rivierdolfijn:n
sterrenzwermen	sterrenzwerm:n
bloedplaatjes	bloedplaatje:n
bloedvergietingen	bloedvergieting:n
doener	doen:n
doeners	doener:n
doenertje	doener:n
poortwachters	poortwachter:n
appelwijven	appelwijf:n
potboeven	potboef:n
schavotten	schavot:n
schavotje	schavot:n
koikarpers	koikarper:n
koikarpertje	koikarper:n
toekruiden	toekruid:n
tuinkevers	tuinkever:n
tuinkevertje	tuinkever:n
winterkoningen	winterkoning:n
winterkoninkje	winterkoning:n
toevluchtsoorden	toevluchtsoord:n
toevluchtsoordje	toevluchtsoord:n
uitmoord	uitmoorden:v
uitmoordde	uitmoorden:v
uitmoordt	uitmoorden:v
uitmoordden	uitmoorden:v
uitmoordend	uitmoorden:v
uitgemoord	uitmoorden:v
wapentekens	wapenteken:n
wapentekenen	wapenteken:n
vluchtelingenkampen	vluchtelingenkamp:n
vluchtelingenkampje	vluchtelingenkamp:n
uierboorden	uierboord:n
hoornraven	hoornraaf:n
hoornraafje	hoornraaf:n
venditiën	venditie:n
vendities	venditie:n
vendutie	venditie:n
veldtekens	veldteken:n
veldtekenen	veldteken:n
wederwraak	weerwraak:n
zielsverhuizingen	zielsverhuizing:n
metempsychotische	metempsychotisch:a
veneuze	veneus:a
aderlijke	aderlijk:a
Afro-Amerikanen	Afro-Amerikaan:n
Afro-Amerikaanse	Afro-Amerikaans:a
worgengelen	worgengel:n
doodsengelen	doodsengel:n
doodsengeltje	doodsengel:n
stokbroden	stokbrood:n
stokbroodje	stokbrood:n
broodhanen	broodhaan:n
broodhaantje	broodhaan:n
afbakbroden	afbakbrood:n
afbakbroodje	afbakbrood:n
venerologen	veneroloog:n
vraagelastische	vraagelastisch:a
gewetensbezwaren	gewetensbezwaar:n
gewetensbezwaartje	gewetensbezwaar:n
gewetensbezwaarde	gewetensbezwaard:a
gewetensbezwaarden	gewetensbezwaarde:n
gedienstiger	gedienstig:a
gedienstigst	gedienstig:a
gedienstige	gedienstig:a
gedienstigere	gedienstig:a
gedienstigste	gedienstig:a
remparachutes	remparachute:n
plezierjachten	plezierjacht:n
plezierjachtje	plezierjacht:n
mastkorven	mastkorf:n
gymnasiasten	gymnasiast:n
gymnasiastje	gymnasiast:n
lijkredes	lijkrede:n
lijkredenen	lijkrede:n
lijkredens	lijkrede:n
stokebranden	stokebrand:n
stokebrandje	stokebrand:n
pletwalsen	pletwals:n
stoomwalsen	stoomwals:n
stoomwalsje	stoomwals:n
karntonnen	karnton:n
karntonnetje	karnton:n
tjaffel	tjaffelen:v
tjaffelde	tjaffelen:v
tjaffelt	tjaffelen:v
tjaffelden	tjaffelen:v
tjaffelend	tjaffelen:v
getjaffeld	tjaffelen:v
woningbranden	woningbrand:n
woningbrandje	woningbrand:n
kaagschepen	kaagschip:n
kaagscheepje	kaagschip:n
kaagschuiten	kaagschuit:n
speelhuizen	speelhuis:n
speelhuisje	speelhuis:n
speelholen	speelhol:n
speelholletje	speelhol:n
buideldassen	buideldas:n
fiadu's	fiadu:n
belangenverstrengelingen	belangenverstrengeling:n
heultje	heul:n
hoerenzonen	hoerenzoon:n
hoerenzoontje	hoerenzoon:n
hoetel	hoetelen:v
hoetelde	hoetelen:v
hoetelt	hoetelen:v
hoetelden	hoetelen:v
hoetelend	hoetelen:v
gehoeteld	hoetelen:v
hoerenkinderen	hoerenkind:n
hoerenkindje	hoerenkind:n
hoerendoppen	hoerendop:n
valbijlen	valbijl:n
aartjes	aartje:n
nevenfuncties	nevenfunctie:n
verstrengelingen	verstrengeling:n
verstrengelinkje	verstrengeling:n
verstrengel	verstrengelen:v
verstrengelde	verstrengelen:v
verstrengelt	verstrengelen:v
verstrengelden	verstrengelen:v
verstrengelend	verstrengelen:v
verstrengeld	verstrengelen:v
kwantumverstrengelingen	kwantumverstrengeling:n
kwantums	kwantum:n
kwanta	kwantum:n
kwantumpje	kwantum:n
raszuiverder	raszuiver:a
raszuiverst	raszuiver:a
raszuivere	raszuiver:a
raszuiverdere	raszuiver:a
raszuiverste	raszuiver:a
deegwaren	deegwaar:n
t'huis	thuis:d
zuurdegen	zuurdeeg:n
zuurdesems	zuurdesem:n
desem	desemen:v
desemde	desemen:v
desemt	desemen:v
desemden	desemen:v
desemend	desemen:v
gedesemd	desemen:v
ia	iaën:v
iade	iaën:v
iaat	iaën:v
iaden	iaën:v
iaënd	iaën:v
geïaad	iaën:v
eetbuien	eetbui:n
eendaagse	eendaags:a
kameelgeiten	kameelgeit:n
snoezen	snoes:n
snoesje	snoes:n
schrijfborden	schrijfbord:n
schrijfbordje	schrijfbord:n
kadasters	kadaster:n
breukstrepen	breukstreep:n
breukstreepje	breukstreep:n
sterkedranken	sterkedrank:n
inzinkingen	inzinking:n
inzinkinkje	inzinking:n
ratelpopulieren	ratelpopulier:n
ratelpopuliertje	ratelpopulier:n
eisers	eiser:n
eisertje	eiser:n
verweerders	verweerder:n
doorslik	doorslikken:v
doorslikte	doorslikken:v
doorslikt	doorslikken:v
doorslikten	doorslikken:v
doorslikkend	doorslikken:v
doorgeslikt	doorslikken:v
imponeer	imponeren:v
imponeerde	imponeren:v
imponeert	imponeren:v
imponeerden	imponeren:v
imponerend	imponeren:v
geïmponeerd	imponeren:v
afzeik	afzeiken:v
afzeikte	afzeiken:v
afzeikt	afzeiken:v
afzeikten	afzeiken:v
afzeikend	afzeiken:v
afgezeikt	afzeiken:v
afzeek	afzeiken:v
afzeken	afzeiken:v
afgezeken	afzeiken:v
stukga	stukgaan:v
stukging	stukgaan:v
stukgaat	stukgaan:v
stukgingen	stukgaan:v
stukgaand	stukgaan:v
stukgegaan	stukgaan:v
kapotga	kapotgaan:v
kapotging	kapotgaan:v
kapotgaat	kapotgaan:v
kapotgingen	kapotgaan:v
kapotgaand	kapotgaan:v
kapotgegaan	kapotgaan:v
bijklus	bijklussen:v
bijkluste	bijklussen:v
bijklust	bijklussen:v
bijklusten	bijklussen:v
bijklussend	bijklussen:v
bijgeklust	bijklussen:v
zwartwerk	zwartwerken:v
zwartwerkte	zwartwerken:v
zwartwerkt	zwartwerken:v
zwartwerkten	zwartwerken:v
zwartwerkend	zwartwerken:v
zwartgewerkt	zwartwerken:v
zwartvis	zwartvissen:v
zwartviste	zwartvissen:v
zwartvist	zwartvissen:v
zwartvisten	zwartvissen:v
zwartvissend	zwartvissen:v
zwartgevist	zwartvissen:v
zelfvoldaaner	zelfvoldaan:a
zelfvoldaanst	zelfvoldaan:a
zelfvoldaane	zelfvoldaan:a
zelfvoldaanere	zelfvoldaan:a
zelfvoldaanste	zelfvoldaan:a
uitdiep	uitdiepen:v
uitdiepte	uitdiepen:v
uitdiept	uitdiepen:v
uitdiepten	uitdiepen:v
uitdiepend	uitdiepen:v
uitgediept	uitdiepen:v
diep	diepen:v
diepte	diepen:v
diept	diepen:v
diepend	diepen:v
gediept	diepen:v
opdiep	opdiepen:v
opdiepte	opdiepen:v
opdiept	opdiepen:v
opdiepten	opdiepen:v
opdiepend	opdiepen:v
opgediept	opdiepen:v
naastenliefdes	naastenliefde:n
smal	smalen:v
smalde	smalen:v
smalt	smalen:v
smalden	smalen:v
smalend	smalen:v
gesmald	smalen:v
draagdoeken	draagdoek:n
bezitsters	bezitster:n
notities	notitie:n
notitietje	notitie:n
tongbrekers	tongbreker:n
civiliteiten	civiliteit:n
bastaardklaprozen	bastaardklaproos:n
bastaardklaproosje	bastaardklaproos:n
klapperrozen	klapperroos:n
maankoppen	maankop:n
aanbetaal	aanbetalen:v
aanbetaalde	aanbetalen:v
aanbetaalt	aanbetalen:v
aanbetaalden	aanbetalen:v
aanbetalend	aanbetalen:v
aanbetaald	aanbetalen:v
loon-prijsspiralen	loon-prijsspiraal:n
aanblaas	aanblazen:v
aanblies	aanblazen:v
aanblaast	aanblazen:v
aanbliezen	aanblazen:v
aanblazend	aanblazen:v
aangeblazen	aanblazen:v
slaapbollen	slaapbol:n
bolpapavers	bolpapaver:n
duimstokken	duimstok:n
duimstokje	duimstok:n
ontvouwingen	ontvouwing:n
handschoenmakers	handschoenmaker:n
bergwerkers	bergwerker:n
bergwerkertje	bergwerker:n
vleeshouwers	vleeshouwer:n
godslasterlijker	godslasterlijk:a
godslasterlijkst	godslasterlijk:a
godslasterlijke	godslasterlijk:a
godslasterlijkere	godslasterlijk:a
godslasterlijkste	godslasterlijk:a
godslaster	godslasteren:v
godslasterde	godslasteren:v
godslastert	godslasteren:v
godslasterden	godslasteren:v
godslasterend	godslasteren:v
gegodslasterd	godslasteren:v
godslasteraars	godslasteraar:n
godslasteraren	godslasteraar:n
godslasterige	godslasterig:a
snoeprepen	snoepreep:n
snoepreepje	snoepreep:n
blikslagers	blikslager:n
blikslagertje	blikslager:n
estafettestakingen	estafettestaking:n
grondvesten	grondvest:n
pinksterbloemen	pinksterbloem:n
pinksterbloempje	pinksterbloem:n
pinksterbloemetje	pinksterbloem:n
klaarspeel	klaarspelen:v
klaarspeelde	klaarspelen:v
klaarspeelt	klaarspelen:v
klaarspeelden	klaarspelen:v
klaarspelend	klaarspelen:v
klaargespeeld	klaarspelen:v
zwikken	zwik:n
zwik	zwikken:v
zwikte	zwikken:v
zwikt	zwikken:v
zwikten	zwikken:v
zwikkend	zwikken:v
gezwikt	zwikken:v
waterwegen	waterweg:n
waterweggetje	waterweg:n
wildbouten	wildbout:n
wildboutje	wildbout:n
wingerden	wingerd:n
wingerds	wingerd:n
wingerdje	wingerd:n
reukloze	reukloos:a
reukballen	reukbal:n
reukballetje	reukbal:n
oorlogsveteranen	oorlogsveteraan:n
schaamlappen	schaamlap:n
schaamlapje	schaamlap:n
heksenkringen	heksenkring:n
heksenkringetje	heksenkring:n
sjamanen	sjamaan:n
gidslanden	gidsland:n
zwijnssprieten	zwijnsspriet:n
verbeeld	verbeelden:v
verbeeldde	verbeelden:v
verbeeldt	verbeelden:v
verbeeldden	verbeelden:v
verbeeldend	verbeelden:v
ruimschootse	ruimschoots:a
aantochten	aantocht:n
aantochtje	aantocht:n
kerkser	kerks:a
kerkst	kerks:a
kerkse	kerks:a
kerksere	kerks:a
kerkste	kerks:a
luizeneieren	luizenei:n
luizeneitje	luizenei:n
geleedpotiger	geleedpotig:a
geleedpotigst	geleedpotig:a
geleedpotigere	geleedpotig:a
geleedpotigste	geleedpotig:a
goudstukken	goudstuk:n
goudstukje	goudstuk:n
zilverstukken	zilverstuk:n
zilverstukje	zilverstuk:n
koperstukken	koperstuk:n
koperstukje	koperstuk:n
zilverlingen	zilverling:n
zilverlingetje	zilverling:n
boekhouders	boekhouder:n
boekhoudertje	boekhouder:n
boekhou	boekhouden:v
boekhoud	boekhouden:v
boekhield	boekhouden:v
boekhoudt	boekhouden:v
boekhielden	boekhouden:v
boekhoudend	boekhouden:v
boekgehouden	boekhouden:v
schijnheilen	schijnheil:n
reukorganen	reukorgaan:n
reukorgaantje	reukorgaan:n
leerstelsels	leerstelsel:n
leerstelselen	leerstelsel:n
leerstukken	leerstuk:n
leerstukje	leerstuk:n
kookkunsten	kookkunst:n
leerlooiers	leerlooier:n
leerlooierijen	leerlooierij:n
mijngravers	mijngraver:n
marmieten	marmiet:n
marmietje	marmiet:n
dab	dabben:v
dabde	dabben:v
dabt	dabben:v
dabden	dabben:v
dabbend	dabben:v
gedabd	dabben:v
sarders	sarder:n
sar	sarren:v
sarde	sarren:v
sart	sarren:v
sarden	sarren:v
sarrend	sarren:v
gesard	sarren:v
toonaarden	toonaard:n
toongeslachten	toongeslacht:n
verzenen	verzen:n
verzentje	verzen:n
vrijages	vrijage:n
vrijagetje	vrijage:n
engelinnen	engelin:n
engelinnetje	engelin:n
luw	luwen:v
luwde	luwen:v
luwt	luwen:v
luwden	luwen:v
luwend	luwen:v
geluwd	luwen:v
motordieven	motordief:n
spectrofotometers	spectrofotometer:n
velgremmen	velgrem:n
velgremmetje	velgrem:n
handremmen	handrem:n
handremmetje	handrem:n
terugtrapremmen	terugtraprem:n
stacaravans	stacaravan:n
vaceer	vaceren:v
vaceerde	vaceren:v
vaceert	vaceren:v
vaceerden	vaceren:v
vacerend	vaceren:v
gevaceerd	vaceren:v
fotometers	fotometer:n
lotingen	loting:n
lotinkje	loting:n
rolmaten	rolmaat:n
rolmaatje	rolmaat:n
medemensen	medemens:n
medemensje	medemens:n
opgooi	opgooien:v
opgooide	opgooien:v
opgooit	opgooien:v
opgooiden	opgooien:v
opgooiend	opgooien:v
opgegooid	opgooien:v
inhoudsmaten	inhoudsmaat:n
goudsbloemen	goudsbloem:n
goudsbloempje	goudsbloem:n
goudsbloemetje	goudsbloem:n
afrikaantjes	afrikaantje:n
baardmannetje	baardman:n
afwasbakken	afwasbak:n
afwasbakje	afwasbak:n
handwerk	handwerken:v
handwerkte	handwerken:v
handwerkt	handwerken:v
handwerkten	handwerken:v
handwerkend	handwerken:v
gehandwerkt	handwerken:v
handwerken	handwerk:n
handwerkje	handwerk:n
bochtiger	bochtig:a
bochtigst	bochtig:a
bochtige	bochtig:a
bochtigere	bochtig:a
bochtigste	bochtig:a
zienswijzen	zienswijze:n
zienswijzetje	zienswijze:n
oerstome	oerstom:a
wrs	waarschijnlijk:d
kloostermoppen	kloostermop:n
gevesten	gevest:n
metworsten	metworst:n
metworstje	metworst:n
papachtiger	papachtig:a
papachtigst	papachtig:a
papachtige	papachtig:a
papachtigere	papachtig:a
papachtigste	papachtig:a
volksvijandige	volksvijandig:a
ingewanden	ingewand:n
meetlinten	meetlint:n
meetlintje	meetlint:n
heilwensen	heilwens:n
glasplaten	glasplaat:n
glasplaatje	glasplaat:n
knielaarzen	knielaars:n
dichtkundige	dichtkundig:a
dichterlijker	dichterlijk:a
dichterlijkst	dichterlijk:a
dichterlijke	dichterlijk:a
dichterlijkere	dichterlijk:a
dichterlijkste	dichterlijk:a
scheepsvolkeren	scheepsvolk:n
scheepsvolken	scheepsvolk:n
scheepsvolkje	scheepsvolk:n
zomereiken	zomereik:n
zomereikje	zomereik:n
kraakheldere	kraakhelder:a
schildhouders	schildhouder:n
grafmongolen	grafmongool:n
grafmongooltje	grafmongool:n
terreinauto's	terreinauto:n
terreinautootje	terreinauto:n
mensenrechten	mensenrecht:n
mensenzeeën	mensenzee:n
broodplanken	broodplank:n
broodplankje	broodplank:n
speerhaaien	speerhaai:n
speerhaaitje	speerhaai:n
voetzolen	voetzool:n
voetzooltje	voetzool:n
zee-engten	zee-engte:n
zee-engtes	zee-engte:n
aanraders	aanrader:n
aanradertje	aanrader:n
godsbewijzen	godsbewijs:n
moervossen	moervos:n
moervosje	moervos:n
dierenrechtenactivisten	dierenrechtenactivist:n
dierenrechtenactivistes	dierenrechtenactiviste:n
mensenrechtenactivisten	mensenrechtenactivist:n
mensenrechtenactivistes	mensenrechtenactiviste:n
bloedvinken	bloedvink:n
bloedvinkje	bloedvink:n
vaktermen	vakterm:n
vaktermpje	vakterm:n
kwekerijen	kwekerij:n
kwekerijtje	kwekerij:n
computertoetsen	computertoets:n
buitelingen	buiteling:n
buitelingetje	buiteling:n
buitelinkje	buiteling:n
koprollen	koprol:n
koprolletje	koprol:n
koprol	koprollen:v
koprolde	koprollen:v
koprolt	koprollen:v
koprolden	koprollen:v
koprollend	koprollen:v
gekoprold	koprollen:v
houtlijmen	houtlijm:n
miltvuurbossen	miltvuurbos:n
miltvuurbosje	miltvuurbos:n
rokerijen	rokerij:n
rokerijtje	rokerij:n
palingrokerijen	palingrokerij:n
palingrokerijtje	palingrokerij:n
stuurser	stuurs:a
stuurst	stuurs:a
stuurse	stuurs:a
stuursere	stuurs:a
stuurste	stuurs:a
dundoeken	dundoek:n
dundoekje	dundoek:n
schrootbussen	schrootbus:n
zeeanjelieren	zeeanjelier:n
zeeanjeliertje	zeeanjelier:n
noordzeekrabben	noordzeekrab:n
noordzeekrabbetje	noordzeekrab:n
krabbezakjes	krabbezakje:n
schemerkelkjes	schemerkelkje:n
onzichtbaarheden	onzichtbaarheid:n
typesoorten	typesoort:n
soortelijke	soortelijk:a
boekjaren	boekjaar:n
nachtwachten	nachtwacht:n
nachtwachtje	nachtwacht:n
schender	schenner:n
bloedschenners	bloedschenner:n
bloedschender	bloedschenner:n
melomanen	melomaan:n
voorbeeldzinnen	voorbeeldzin:n
voorbeeldzinnetje	voorbeeldzin:n
tegenspartel	tegenspartelen:v
tegenspartelde	tegenspartelen:v
tegenspartelt	tegenspartelen:v
tegenspartelden	tegenspartelen:v
tegenspartelend	tegenspartelen:v
tegengesparteld	tegenspartelen:v
vrijplaatsen	vrijplaats:n
vrijplaatsje	vrijplaats:n
vliegtoestellen	vliegtoestel:n
plofstoffen	plofstof:n
wereldkaarten	wereldkaart:n
wereldkaartje	wereldkaart:n
verkeersknopen	verkeersknoop:n
pletterpetten	pletterpet:n
verkeersknooppunten	verkeersknooppunt:n
kankerbossen	kankerbos:n
kankerbosje	kankerbos:n
kalefater	kalefateren:v
kalefaterde	kalefateren:v
kalefatert	kalefateren:v
kalefaterden	kalefateren:v
kalefaterend	kalefateren:v
gekalefaterd	kalefateren:v
doordenkers	doordenker:n
doordenkertje	doordenker:n
gillers	giller:n
gillertje	giller:n
sjalotten	sjalot:n
sjalotje	sjalot:n
strandjutters	strandjutter:n
strandjutten	strandjut:n
hyenahonden	hyenahond:n
hyenahondje	hyenahond:n
bloedgerichten	bloedgericht:n
spoorrails	spoorrail:n
spoorrailtje	spoorrail:n
zwemstaarten	zwemstaart:n
zwemstaartje	zwemstaart:n
doodsmalen	doodsmaal:n
aangrens	aangrenzen:v
aangrensde	aangrenzen:v
aangrenst	aangrenzen:v
aangrensden	aangrenzen:v
aangrenzend	aangrenzen:v
aangegrensd	aangrenzen:v
aangrenzende	aangrenzend:v
bewandel	bewandelen:v
bewandelde	bewandelen:v
bewandelt	bewandelen:v
bewandelden	bewandelen:v
bewandelend	bewandelen:v
bewandeld	bewandelen:v
overheidssectoren	overheidssector:n
voedingsmiddelen	voedingsmiddel:n
voedingsmiddeltje	voedingsmiddel:n
cijferschriften	cijferschrift:n
doodbussen	doodbus:n
aanspijker	aanspijkeren:v
aanspijkerde	aanspijkeren:v
aanspijkert	aanspijkeren:v
aanspijkerden	aanspijkeren:v
aanspijkerend	aanspijkeren:v
aangespijkerd	aanspijkeren:v
kamerolifanten	kamerolifant:n
kamerolifantje	kamerolifant:n
toewerp	toewerpen:v
toewierp	toewerpen:v
toewerpt	toewerpen:v
toewierpen	toewerpen:v
toewerpend	toewerpen:v
toegeworpen	toewerpen:v
aanzaai	aanzaaien:v
aanzaaide	aanzaaien:v
aanzaait	aanzaaien:v
aanzaaiden	aanzaaien:v
aanzaaiend	aanzaaien:v
aangezaaid	aanzaaien:v
behuwdmoeders	behuwdmoeder:n
beenpijpen	beenpijp:n
beenpijpje	beenpijp:n
autoloze	autoloos:a
aanvlieg	aanvliegen:v
aanvloog	aanvliegen:v
aanvliegt	aanvliegen:v
aanvlogen	aanvliegen:v
aanvliegend	aanvliegen:v
aangevlogen	aanvliegen:v
kiloknallers	kiloknaller:n
balsturiger	balsturig:a
balsturigst	balsturig:a
balsturige	balsturig:a
balsturigere	balsturig:a
balsturigste	balsturig:a
beschaduw	beschaduwen:v
beschaduwde	beschaduwen:v
beschaduwt	beschaduwen:v
beschaduwden	beschaduwen:v
beschaduwend	beschaduwen:v
beschaduwd	beschaduwen:v
wormvormige	wormvormig:a
aanhelp	aanhelpen:v
aanhielp	aanhelpen:v
aanhelpt	aanhelpen:v
aanhielpen	aanhelpen:v
aanhelpend	aanhelpen:v
aangeholpen	aanhelpen:v
bezeil	bezeilen:v
bezeilde	bezeilen:v
bezeilt	bezeilen:v
bezeilden	bezeilen:v
bezeilend	bezeilen:v
bezeild	bezeilen:v
menspaarden	menspaard:n
rijksmunten	rijksmunt:n
plichtplegingen	plichtpleging:n
schatlijsten	schatlijst:n
dampbaden	dampbad:n
dampbadje	dampbad:n
bekruid	bekruiden:v
bekruidde	bekruiden:v
bekruidt	bekruiden:v
bekruidden	bekruiden:v
bekruidend	bekruiden:v
dansschoenen	dansschoen:n
dansschoentje	dansschoen:n
aansmeed	aansmeden:v
aansmeedde	aansmeden:v
aansmeedt	aansmeden:v
aansmeedden	aansmeden:v
aansmedend	aansmeden:v
aangesmeed	aansmeden:v
beklauter	beklauteren:v
beklauterde	beklauteren:v
beklautert	beklauteren:v
beklauterden	beklauteren:v
beklauterend	beklauteren:v
beklauterd	beklauteren:v
bolwormen	bolworm:n
gladneuzen	gladneus:n
hoefijzerneuzen	hoefijzerneus:n
onaankomelijke	onaankomelijk:a
aanhoop	aanhopen:v
aanhoopte	aanhopen:v
aanhoopt	aanhopen:v
aanhoopten	aanhopen:v
aanhopend	aanhopen:v
aangehoopt	aanhopen:v
beluste	belust:a
beschermheren	beschermheer:n
beschermheertje	beschermheer:n
beschermvrouwen	beschermvrouw:n
beschermvrouwtje	beschermvrouw:n
aannader	aannaderen:v
aannaderde	aannaderen:v
aannadert	aannaderen:v
aannaderden	aannaderen:v
aannaderend	aannaderen:v
aangenaderd	aannaderen:v
borreltafels	borreltafel:n
borreltafeltje	borreltafel:n
geheimtalen	geheimtaal:n
geheimtaaltje	geheimtaal:n
blijmoediger	blijmoedig:a
blijmoedigst	blijmoedig:a
blijmoedige	blijmoedig:a
blijmoedigere	blijmoedig:a
blijmoedigste	blijmoedig:a
aanhuwelijkingen	aanhuwelijking:n
beschijt	beschijten:v
bescheet	beschijten:v
bescheten	beschijten:v
beschijtend	beschijten:v
pleng	plengen:v
plengde	plengen:v
plengt	plengen:v
plengden	plengen:v
plengend	plengen:v
geplengd	plengen:v
betraliede	betralied:a
beugeltassen	beugeltas:n
beugeltasje	beugeltas:n
leefgebieden	leefgebied:n
leefgebiedje	leefgebied:n
beschietingen	beschieting:n
cedel	ceel:n
distelvijgen	distelvijg:n
negerinnentetten	negerinnentet:n
negerinnen	negerin:n
negerinnetje	negerin:n
bekrans	bekransen:v
bekranste	bekransen:v
bekranst	bekransen:v
bekransten	bekransen:v
bekransend	bekransen:v
konkel	konkelen:v
konkelde	konkelen:v
konkelt	konkelen:v
konkelden	konkelen:v
konkelend	konkelen:v
gekonkeld	konkelen:v
bekwel	bekwellen:v
bekwelde	bekwellen:v
bekwelt	bekwellen:v
bekwelden	bekwellen:v
bekwellend	bekwellen:v
bekweld	bekwellen:v
begenadig	begenadigen:v
begenadigde	begenadigen:v
begenadigt	begenadigen:v
begenadigden	begenadigen:v
begenadigend	begenadigen:v
begenadigd	begenadigen:v
bezweet	bezweten:v
bezweette	bezweten:v
bezweetten	bezweten:v
bezwetend	bezweten:v
breikokers	breikoker:n
geldbeluster	geldbelust:a
geldbelustst	geldbelust:a
geldbeluste	geldbelust:a
geldbelustere	geldbelust:a
geldbelustste	geldbelust:a
machtsbeluster	machtsbelust:a
machtsbelustst	machtsbelust:a
machtsbeluste	machtsbelust:a
machtsbelustere	machtsbelust:a
machtsbelustste	machtsbelust:a
vergewis	vergewissen:v
vergewiste	vergewissen:v
vergewist	vergewissen:v
vergewisten	vergewissen:v
vergewissend	vergewissen:v
beeldvormingen	beeldvorming:n
aanbruis	aanbruisen:v
aanbruiste	aanbruisen:v
aanbruist	aanbruisen:v
aanbruisten	aanbruisen:v
aanbruisend	aanbruisen:v
aangebruist	aanbruisen:v
dekbedovertrekken	dekbedovertrek:n
dekbedovertrekje	dekbedovertrek:n
bedoe	bedoen:v
bedeed	bedoen:v
bedoet	bedoen:v
bededen	bedoen:v
bedoend	bedoen:v
bedaan	bedoen:v
gasflessen	gasfles:n
gasflesje	gasfles:n
aanzeil	aanzeilen:v
aanzeilde	aanzeilen:v
aanzeilt	aanzeilen:v
aanzeilden	aanzeilen:v
aanzeilend	aanzeilen:v
aangezeild	aanzeilen:v
franjehaaien	franjehaai:n
aanwerk	aanwerken:v
aanwerkte	aanwerken:v
aanwerkt	aanwerken:v
aanwerkten	aanwerken:v
aanwerkend	aanwerken:v
aangewerkt	aanwerken:v
pandapunten	pandapunt:n
begek	begekken:v
begekte	begekken:v
begekt	begekken:v
begekten	begekken:v
begekkend	begekken:v
putjesscheppers	putjesschepper:n
bedoop	bedopen:v
bedoopte	bedopen:v
bedoopt	bedopen:v
bedoopten	bedopen:v
bedopend	bedopen:v
beknel	beknellen:v
beknelde	beknellen:v
beknelt	beknellen:v
beknelden	beknellen:v
beknellend	beknellen:v
bekneld	beknellen:v
bereiders	bereider:n
aankooi	aankooien:v
aankooide	aankooien:v
aankooit	aankooien:v
aankooiden	aankooien:v
aankooiend	aankooien:v
aangekooid	aankooien:v
betuin	betuinen:v
betuinde	betuinen:v
betuint	betuinen:v
betuinden	betuinen:v
betuinend	betuinen:v
betuind	betuinen:v
bevijl	bevijlen:v
bevijlde	bevijlen:v
bevijlt	bevijlen:v
bevijlden	bevijlen:v
bevijlend	bevijlen:v
bevijld	bevijlen:v
brandewijndrinkers	brandewijndrinker:n
tabakdrinkers	tabakdrinker:n
aanslijk	aanslijken:v
aanslijkte	aanslijken:v
aanslijkt	aanslijken:v
aanslijkten	aanslijken:v
aanslijkend	aanslijken:v
aangeslijkt	aanslijken:v
suikertaarten	suikertaart:n
suikertaartje	suikertaart:n
bespek	bespekken:v
bespekte	bespekken:v
bespekt	bespekken:v
bespekten	bespekken:v
bespekkend	bespekken:v
beschemer	beschemeren:v
beschemerde	beschemeren:v
beschemert	beschemeren:v
beschemerden	beschemeren:v
beschemerend	beschemeren:v
beschemerd	beschemeren:v
besneeuw	besneeuwen:v
besneeuwde	besneeuwen:v
besneeuwt	besneeuwen:v
besneeuwden	besneeuwen:v
besneeuwend	besneeuwen:v
besneeuwd	besneeuwen:v
diensthuizen	diensthuis:n
diensthuisje	diensthuis:n
stroopwafelpieten	stroopwafelpiet:n
roetveegpieten	roetveegpiet:n
bekrijt	bekrijten:v
bekreet	bekrijten:v
bekreten	bekrijten:v
bekrijtend	bekrijten:v
bekrijtte	bekrijten:v
bekrijtten	bekrijten:v
aanspan	aanspannen:v
aanspande	aanspannen:v
aanspant	aanspannen:v
aanspanden	aanspannen:v
aanspannend	aanspannen:v
aangespannen	aanspannen:v
begrijn	begrijnen:v
begreen	begrijnen:v
begrijnt	begrijnen:v
begrenen	begrijnen:v
begrijnend	begrijnen:v
reusdier	reuzendier:n
berkenmeiers	berkenmeier:n
zwijmel	zwijmelen:v
zwijmelde	zwijmelen:v
zwijmelt	zwijmelen:v
zwijmelden	zwijmelen:v
zwijmelend	zwijmelen:v
gezwijmeld	zwijmelen:v
kaaspieten	kaaspiet:n
reuzendieren	reuzendier:n
reuzedier	reuzendier:n
kanteloepen	kanteloep:n
kantaloep	kanteloep:n
olieslagers	olieslager:n
astranter	astrant:a
astrantst	astrant:a
astrante	astrant:a
astrantere	astrant:a
astrantste	astrant:a
ziekenhuisbacteriën	ziekenhuisbacterie:n
zoönosen	zoönose:n
walgvogels	walgvogel:n
dodaarzen	dodaars:n
dodaarsje	dodaars:n
strapatsen	strapats:n
aanspin	aanspinnen:v
aanspon	aanspinnen:v
aanspint	aanspinnen:v
aansponnen	aanspinnen:v
aanspinnend	aanspinnen:v
aangesponnen	aanspinnen:v
bestrooi	bestrooien:v
bestrooide	bestrooien:v
bestrooit	bestrooien:v
bestrooiden	bestrooien:v
bestrooiend	bestrooien:v
bestrooid	bestrooien:v
verpleegkundige	verpleegkundig:a
bestop	bestoppen:v
bestopte	bestoppen:v
bestopt	bestoppen:v
bestopten	bestoppen:v
bestoppend	bestoppen:v
aanvuur	aanvuren:v
aanvuurde	aanvuren:v
aanvuurt	aanvuren:v
aanvuurden	aanvuren:v
aanvurend	aanvuren:v
aangevuurd	aanvuren:v
begrommel	begrommelen:v
begrommelde	begrommelen:v
begrommelt	begrommelen:v
begrommelden	begrommelen:v
begrommelend	begrommelen:v
begrommeld	begrommelen:v
buikvloeden	buikvloed:n
buiklopen	buikloop:n
sierplanten	sierplant:n
sierplantje	sierplant:n
commandocentrales	commandocentrale:n
beslabber	beslabberen:v
beslabberde	beslabberen:v
beslabbert	beslabberen:v
beslabberden	beslabberen:v
beslabberend	beslabberen:v
beslabberd	beslabberen:v
koelcellen	koelcel:n
koelcelletje	koelcel:n
bezever	bezeveren:v
bezeverde	bezeveren:v
bezevert	bezeveren:v
bezeverden	bezeveren:v
bezeverend	bezeveren:v
bezeverd	bezeveren:v
bezettelingen	bezetteling:n
christinnen	christin:n
christinnetje	christin:n
schelmstukken	schelmstuk:n
schelmstukje	schelmstuk:n
dagverhalen	dagverhaal:n
jonggehuwde	jonggehuwd:a
sluitertijden	sluitertijd:n
tijdopnames	tijdopname:n
stekelbremmen	stekelbrem:n
bremmen	brem:n
darmflora's	darmflora:n
aanrechtbanken	aanrechtbank:n
spaarbanken	spaarbank:n
behuwdvaders	behuwdvader:n
colorieten	coloriet:n
medegenoten	medegenoot:n
zinsbegoochelingen	zinsbegoocheling:n
bevriend	bevrienden:v
bevriendde	bevrienden:v
bevriendt	bevrienden:v
bevriendden	bevrienden:v
bevriendend	bevrienden:v
bevinger	bevingeren:v
bevingerde	bevingeren:v
bevingert	bevingeren:v
bevingerden	bevingeren:v
bevingerend	bevingeren:v
bevingerd	bevingeren:v
autobommen	autobom:n
autobommetje	autobom:n
omstreken	omstreek:n
bewaarheid	bewaarheiden:v
bewaarheidde	bewaarheiden:v
bewaarheidt	bewaarheiden:v
bewaarheidden	bewaarheiden:v
bewaarheidend	bewaarheiden:v
dukaten	dukaat:n
dukaatje	dukaat:n
traktaatje	traktaat:n
inwissel	inwisselen:v
inwisselde	inwisselen:v
inwisselt	inwisselen:v
inwisselden	inwisselen:v
inwisselend	inwisselen:v
ingewisseld	inwisselen:v
cognaten	cognaat:n
cognate	cognaat:a
acrobaten	acrobaat:n
acrobaatje	acrobaat:n
dictaten	dictaat:n
dictaatje	dictaat:n
fosfaten	fosfaat:n
fosforzuren	fosforzuur:n
agaten	agaat:n
agaatje	agaat:n
bemuur	bemuren:v
bemuurde	bemuren:v
bemuurt	bemuren:v
bemuurden	bemuren:v
bemurend	bemuren:v
bemuurd	bemuren:v
aanwerf	aanwerven:v
aanwierf	aanwerven:v
aanwerft	aanwerven:v
aanwierven	aanwerven:v
aanwervend	aanwerven:v
aangeworven	aanwerven:v
besproei	besproeien:v
besproeide	besproeien:v
besproeit	besproeien:v
besproeiden	besproeien:v
besproeiend	besproeien:v
besproeid	besproeien:v
operagebouwen	operagebouw:n
afgodendiensten	afgodendienst:n
beleem	belemen:v
beleemde	belemen:v
beleemt	belemen:v
beleemden	belemen:v
belemend	belemen:v
beleemd	belemen:v
luteer	luteren:v
luteerde	luteren:v
luteert	luteren:v
luteerden	luteren:v
luterend	luteren:v
geluteerd	luteren:v
donderbeitels	donderbeitel:n
beschaar	bescharen:v
beschaarde	bescharen:v
beschaart	bescharen:v
beschaarden	bescharen:v
bescharend	bescharen:v
beschaard	bescharen:v
samenrot	samenrotten:v
samenrotte	samenrotten:v
samenrottend	samenrotten:v
samengerot	samenrotten:v
beschrei	beschreien:v
beschreide	beschreien:v
beschreit	beschreien:v
beschreiden	beschreien:v
beschreiend	beschreien:v
beschreid	beschreien:v
tussenstappen	tussenstap:n
tussenstapje	tussenstap:n
bespiegel	bespiegelen:v
bespiegelde	bespiegelen:v
bespiegelt	bespiegelen:v
bespiegelden	bespiegelen:v
bespiegelend	bespiegelen:v
bespiegeld	bespiegelen:v
bloedblaren	bloedblaar:n
bloedblaartje	bloedblaar:n
dierenvrienden	dierenvriend:n
dierenvriendje	dierenvriend:n
vredesbesprekingen	vredesbespreking:n
kransslagaders	kransslagader:n
kransslagaderen	kransslagader:n
binnenmuren	binnenmuur:n
binnenmuurtje	binnenmuur:n
aantil	aantillen:v
aantilde	aantillen:v
aantilt	aantillen:v
aantilden	aantillen:v
aantillend	aantillen:v
aangetild	aantillen:v
aanschroef	aanschroeven:v
aanschroefde	aanschroeven:v
aanschroeft	aanschroeven:v
aanschroefden	aanschroeven:v
aanschroevend	aanschroeven:v
aangeschroefd	aanschroeven:v
berende	berennen:v
berent	berennen:v
berenden	berennen:v
berennend	berennen:v
berend	berennen:v
buffelossen	buffelos:n
darmbreuken	darmbreuk:n
degenkrabben	degenkrab:n
degenkrabbetje	degenkrab:n
bevindelijke	bevindelijk:a
Nederduitsch	Nederduits:m|Nederduits:a
Nederduytsch	Nederduits:m|Nederduits:a
Neder-duytsch	Nederduits:m|Nederduits:a
bevraag	bevragen:v
bevroeg	bevragen:v
bevraagt	bevragen:v
bevroegen	bevragen:v
bevragend	bevragen:v
bevraagd	bevragen:v
bevattelijke	bevattelijk:a
domproosten	domproost:n
heksensabbatten	heksensabbat:n
heksensabbats	heksensabbat:n
gaffelzeilen	gaffelzeil:n
gaffelzeiltje	gaffelzeil:n
ruwaards	ruwaard:n
ruwaarden	ruwaard:n
rafel	rafelen:v
rafelde	rafelen:v
rafelt	rafelen:v
rafelden	rafelen:v
rafelend	rafelen:v
gerafeld	rafelen:v
adrenocorticale	adrenocorticaal:a
gastronomische	gastronomisch:a
mondelijke	mondelijk:a
lurven	lurf:n
lurfje	lurf:n
wasserettes	wasserette:n
onderkoelingen	onderkoeling:n
gastroduodenale	gastroduodenaal:a
gardisten	gardist:n
gardistje	gardist:n
staatskerken	staatskerk:n
huiskerken	huiskerk:n
huiskerkje	huiskerk:n
kerkgenootschappen	kerkgenootschap:n
zaalkerken	zaalkerk:n
zaalkerkje	zaalkerk:n
erfzonden	erfzonde:n
erfzondes	erfzonde:n
kruiskerken	kruiskerk:n
kruiskerkje	kruiskerk:n
dorpskerken	dorpskerk:n
dorpskerkje	dorpskerk:n
kerkdorpen	kerkdorp:n
kerkdorpje	kerkdorp:n
koorddanseressen	koorddanseres:n
koorddanseresje	koorddanseres:n
koorddansers	koorddanser:n
koorddansertje	koorddanser:n
kerkklokken	kerkklok:n
kerkklokje	kerkklok:n
kerkhistorici	kerkhistoricus:n
kinderkerken	kinderkerk:n
kerkorgels	kerkorgel:n
kerkorgeltje	kerkorgel:n
onkerkelijker	onkerkelijk:a
onkerkelijkst	onkerkelijk:a
onkerkelijke	onkerkelijk:a
onkerkelijkere	onkerkelijk:a
onkerkelijkste	onkerkelijk:a
Takkianen	Takkiaan:n
thuisgevoelens	thuisgevoel:n
toekomstgerichter	toekomstgericht:a
toekomstgerichtst	toekomstgericht:a
toekomstgerichte	toekomstgericht:a
toekomstgerichtere	toekomstgericht:a
toekomstgerichtste	toekomstgericht:a
klaarzet	klaarzetten:v
klaarzette	klaarzetten:v
klaarzettend	klaarzetten:v
klaargezet	klaarzetten:v
braadworsten	braadworst:n
braadworstje	braadworst:n
stoïcijnen	stoïcijn:n
stoïcijntje	stoïcijn:n
libertijnen	libertijn:n
libertijntje	libertijn:n
stoïcijnser	stoïcijns:a
stoïcijnst	stoïcijns:a
stoïcijnse	stoïcijns:a
stoïcijnsere	stoïcijns:a
stoïcijnste	stoïcijns:a
Algerijnen	Algerijn:n
Algerijntje	Algerijn:n
kristallijner	kristallijn:a
kristallijnst	kristallijn:a
kristallijne	kristallijn:a
kristallijnere	kristallijn:a
kristallijnste	kristallijn:a
kristallijnen	kristallijn:n
libertijnser	libertijns:a
libertijnst	libertijns:a
libertijnse	libertijns:a
libertijnsere	libertijns:a
libertijnste	libertijns:a
eenheidsworsten	eenheidsworst:n
boterhamworsten	boterhamworst:n
plokworsten	plokworst:n
lutrijnen	lutrijn:n
koedoes	koedoe:n
adempauzen	adempauze:n
adempauzes	adempauze:n
inrij	inrijden:v
inrijd	inrijden:v
inreed	inrijden:v
inrijdt	inrijden:v
inreden	inrijden:v
inrijdend	inrijden:v
ingereden	inrijden:v
gruitbieren	gruitbier:n
gruitbiertje	gruitbier:n
gruitrechten	gruitrecht:n
gruitgelden	gruitgeld:n
anticonceptiepillen	anticonceptiepil:n
anticonceptionele	anticonceptioneel:a
katafrakten	katafrakt:n
diëtairder	diëtair:a
diëtairst	diëtair:a
diëtaire	diëtair:a
diëtairdere	diëtair:a
diëtairste	diëtair:a
scheepsblokken	scheepsblok:n
scheepsblokje	scheepsblok:n
slaappillen	slaappil:n
slaappilletje	slaappil:n
voorradiger	voorradig:a
voorradigst	voorradig:a
voorradige	voorradig:a
voorradigere	voorradig:a
voorradigste	voorradig:a
kopvoorns	kopvoorn:n
kopvoorntje	kopvoorn:n
brandschat	brandschatten:v
brandschatte	brandschatten:v
brandschattend	brandschatten:v
gebrandschat	brandschatten:v
weerloosheden	weerloosheid:n
pixeliger	pixelig:a
pixeligst	pixelig:a
pixelige	pixelig:a
pixeligere	pixelig:a
pixeligste	pixelig:a
serpentijnen	serpentijn:n
facebook	facebooken:v
facebookte	facebooken:v
facebookt	facebooken:v
facebookten	facebooken:v
facebookend	facebooken:v
gefacebookt	facebooken:v
opbok	opbokken:v
opbokte	opbokken:v
opbokt	opbokken:v
opbokten	opbokken:v
opbokkend	opbokken:v
opgebokt	opbokken:v
belletjetrekkers	belletjetrekker:n
zwaartouwen	zwaartouw:n
intramusculaire	intramusculair:a
bijenhouders	bijenhouder:n
brandschattingen	brandschatting:v
spoorfietsen	spoorfiets:n
preekstoelen	preekstoel:n
preekstoeltje	preekstoel:n
biechtgeheimen	biechtgeheim:n
schoolgenoten	schoolgenoot:n
schoolgenootje	schoolgenoot:n
schoolgenotes	schoolgenote:n
steranijsje	steranijs:n
afroom	afromen:v
afroomde	afromen:v
afroomt	afromen:v
afroomden	afromen:v
afromend	afromen:v
afgeroomd	afromen:v
krentenbollen	krentenbol:n
krentenbolletje	krentenbol:n
kerktuinen	kerktuin:n
kerktuintje	kerktuin:n
dichtga	dichtgaan:v
dichtging	dichtgaan:v
dichtgaat	dichtgaan:v
dichtgingen	dichtgaan:v
dichtgaand	dichtgaan:v
dichtgegaan	dichtgaan:v
lijkopeningen	lijkopening:n
hoofdelingen	hoofdeling:n
dichtkunstige	dichtkunstig:a
schotschriften	schotschrift:n
schotschriftje	schotschrift:n
christocentrischer	christocentrisch:a
christocentrischt	christocentrisch:a
christocentrische	christocentrisch:a
christocentrischere	christocentrisch:a
christocentrischte	christocentrisch:a
boksbaard	bokkenbaard:n
boksbaarden	boksbaard:n
bokkenbaarden	bokkenbaard:n
bokkenbaardje	bokkenbaard:n
bokkebaard	bokkenbaard:n
geitenbokken	geitenbok:n
geitenbokje	geitenbok:n
bolderwagens	bolderwagen:n
bolderwagentje	bolderwagen:n
beeldhouder	beeldhouwer:n
beeldhouden	beeldhouwen:v
Dyon	Dijon:m
hooikisten	hooikist:n
hooikistje	hooikist:n
bundelpijlers	bundelpijler:n
bundelpijlertje	bundelpijler:n
schroefgangen	schroefgang:n
kankerhoeren	kankerhoer:n
kankerhoertje	kankerhoer:n
schroeflijnen	schroeflijn:n
fietsveren	fietsveer:n
fietsveertje	fietsveer:n
voetveren	voetveer:n
voetveertje	voetveer:n
veerdiensten	veerdienst:n
trapveren	trapveer:n
dinosaurusveren	dinosaurusveer:n
scheepsschroeven	scheepsschroef:n
scheepsschroefje	scheepsschroef:n
dadingen	dading:n
dadinkje	dading:n
stoomtrams	stoomtram:n
onderzoekstafels	onderzoekstafel:n
onderzoekstafeltje	onderzoekstafel:n
opstallen	opstal:n
opstalletje	opstal:n
gaarkeukens	gaarkeuken:n
gaarkeukentje	gaarkeuken:n
veerconstanten	veerconstante:n
schroefhoorngeiten	schroefhoorngeit:n
kreeftslakken	kreeftslak:n
rariteitenkabinetten	rariteitenkabinet:n
rariteitenkabinetje	rariteitenkabinet:n
filtervoeders	filtervoeder:n
spinhuizen	spinhuis:n
schildzomen	schildzoom:n
stopwoorden	stopwoord:n
stopwoordje	stopwoord:n
reuzenhaaien	reuzenhaai:n
aanwortel	aanwortelen:v
aanwortelde	aanwortelen:v
aanwortelt	aanwortelen:v
aanwortelden	aanwortelen:v
aanwortelend	aanwortelen:v
aangeworteld	aanwortelen:v
misversta	misverstaan:v
misverstond	misverstaan:v
misverstaat	misverstaan:v
misverstonden	misverstaan:v
misverstaand	misverstaan:v
ontginningen	ontginning:n
ontginninkje	ontginning:n
misvat	misvatten:v
misvatte	misvatten:v
misvattend	misvatten:v
misgevat	misvatten:v
schuimtalen	schuimtaal:n
mishou	mishouden:v
mishoud	mishouden:v
mishield	mishouden:v
mishoudt	mishouden:v
mishielden	mishouden:v
mishoudend	mishouden:v
misgehouden	mishouden:v
zendbrieven	zendbrief:n
zendbriefje	zendbrief:n
steekspelen	steekspel:n
steekspelletje	steekspel:n
uitzwaai	uitzwaaien:v
uitzwaaide	uitzwaaien:v
uitzwaait	uitzwaaien:v
uitzwaaiden	uitzwaaien:v
uitzwaaiend	uitzwaaien:v
uitgezwaaid	uitzwaaien:v
machtsstrijden	machtsstrijd:n
machtsstrijdje	machtsstrijd:n
bruinet	brunette:n
kerststollen	kerststol:n
kerststolletje	kerststol:n
paasstollen	paasstol:n
paasstolletje	paasstol:n
wietsigaretten	wietsigaret:n
wietsigaretje	wietsigaret:n
springtijen	springtij:n
doodtijen	doodtij:n
ragebollen	ragebol:n
ragebolletje	ragebol:n
huwelijksboten	huwelijksboot:n
huwelijksbootje	huwelijksboot:n
zilverertsen	zilvererts:n
drekpoëten	drekpoëet:n
drekpoëetje	drekpoëet:n
zilvervloten	zilvervloot:n
schuimrubbers	schuimrubber:n
binnenwateren	binnenwater:n
binnenwatertje	binnenwater:n
snaakser	snaaks:a
snaakst	snaaks:a
snaakse	snaaks:a
snaaksere	snaaks:a
snaakste	snaaks:a
critiek	kritiek:n
magnetodynamische	magnetodynamisch:a
elektromagneetje	elektromagneet:n
maraboes	maraboe:n
plaatsvervangends	plaatsvervangend:a
kerstgroepen	kerstgroep:n
kerstgroepje	kerstgroep:n
kerstkinderen	kerstkind:n
kerstkindje	kerstkind:n
kerstmissen	kerstmis:n
kerstganzen	kerstgans:n
kerstmarkten	kerstmarkt:n
kerstmarktje	kerstmarkt:n
kerststallen	kerststal:n
kerststalletje	kerststal:n
kerstspelen	kerstspel:n
kerstspelletje	kerstspel:n
kerstbokken	kerstbok:n
kerstpakketten	kerstpakket:n
kerstpakketje	kerstpakket:n
kerstkransen	kerstkrans:n
kerstkransje	kerstkrans:n
aanbevelers	aanbeveler:n
wespennesten	wespennest:n
wespennestje	wespennest:n
pendelbussen	pendelbus:n
pendelbusje	pendelbus:n
ochtendhumeuren	ochtendhumeur:n
ochtendhumeurtje	ochtendhumeur:n
pantserjuffers	pantserjuffer:n
pantserjuffertje	pantserjuffer:n
winterjuffers	winterjuffer:n
winterjuffertje	winterjuffer:n
breedscheenjuffers	breedscheenjuffer:n
breedscheenjuffertje	breedscheenjuffer:n
beekjuffers	beekjuffer:n
beekjuffertje	beekjuffer:n
ijzerhoudende	ijzerhoudend:a
turbidieten	turbidiet:n
krabbenscheren	krabbenscheer:n
spoelbakken	spoelbak:n
spoelbakje	spoelbak:n
misantropen	misantroop:n
misantroopje	misantroop:n
misantrope	misantroop:a
biddagen	biddag:n
bededagen	bededag:n
tweebakken	tweebak:n
zakenvrouwen	zakenvrouw:n
zakenvrouwtje	zakenvrouw:n
barrevoetsters	barrevoetster:n
barrevoeters	barrevoeter:n
hoofdmannen	hoofdman:n
hoofdmannetje	hoofdman:n
rolberoertes	rolberoerte:n
rolberoerten	rolberoerte:n
ijskoninginnen	ijskoningin:n
fietsstroken	fietsstrook:n
fietsstrookje	fietsstrook:n
pechstroken	pechstrook:n
pechstrookje	pechstrook:n
klaroenen	klaroen:n
klaroentje	klaroen:n
hazenpaden	hazenpad:n
hazenpaadje	hazenpad:n
toiletborstels	toiletborstel:n
colludeer	colluderen:v
colludeerde	colluderen:v
colludeert	colluderen:v
colludeerden	colluderen:v
colluderend	colluderen:v
gecolludeerd	colluderen:v
vermiljoene	vermiljoen:a
loonschalen	loonschaal:n
loonslaven	loonslaaf:n
zenuwoorlogen	zenuwoorlog:n
wrens	wrensen:v
wrensten	wrensen:v
wrensend	wrensen:v
gewrenst	wrensen:v
Sahidische	Sahidisch:a
straatkunstenaars	straatkunstenaar:n
zwaluwstaarten	zwaluwstaart:n
zwaluwstaartje	zwaluwstaart:n
koninginnenpages	koninginnenpage:n
doekbomen	doekboom:n
ridderkapellen	ridderkapel:n
vlaggendoeken	vlaggendoek:n
handwasje	handwas:n
theeserviezen	theeservies:n
theeserviesje	theeservies:n
utraquisten	utraquist:n
calixtijnen	calixtijn:n
schrikkeldagen	schrikkeldag:n
doeltrappen	doeltrap:n
dolkstootlegenden	dolkstootlegende:n
doodsmoe	doodmoe:a
durfkapitalisten	durfkapitalist:n
veelplegers	veelpleger:n
veelplegertje	veelpleger:n
taborieten	taboriet:n
sterrenkinderen	sterrenkind:n
sterrenkindje	sterrenkind:n
sterretjestuinen	sterretjestuin:n
sterretjestuintje	sterretjestuin:n
mystagogen	mystagoog:n
mystagoogje	mystagoog:n
ongeduldje	ongeduld:n
monogamer	monogaam:a
monogaamst	monogaam:a
monogame	monogaam:a
monogamere	monogaam:a
monogaamste	monogaam:a
ecotoeristen	ecotoerist:n
eeuwelinge	eeuweling:n
bestandsformaten	bestandsformaat:n
frietketels	frietketel:n
hamsterhazen	hamsterhaas:n
geesteskrankheden	geesteskrankheid:n
geheugensticks	geheugenstick:n
geheugenstickje	geheugenstick:n
deactiveer	deactiveren:v
deactiveerde	deactiveren:v
deactiveert	deactiveren:v
deactiveerden	deactiveren:v
deactiverend	deactiveren:v
gedeactiveerd	deactiveren:v
flanker	flankeren:v
flankerde	flankeren:v
flankert	flankeren:v
flankerden	flankeren:v
flankerend	flankeren:v
geflankerd	flankeren:v
lotusvoeten	lotusvoet:n
lotusvoetje	lotusvoet:n
opstoten	opstoot:n
opstootje	opstoot:n
graftomben	graftombe:n
graftombes	graftombe:n
graftombetje	graftombe:n
gifmengerijen	gifmengerij:n
geslachtsklieren	geslachtsklier:n
geslachtskliertje	geslachtsklier:n
vuurvlinders	vuurvlinder:n
vuurvlindertje	vuurvlinder:n
ijstheeën	ijsthee:n
hertzwijnen	hertzwijn:n
babiroesa's	babiroesa:n
puntzakken	puntzak:n
puntzakje	puntzak:n
kalifale	kalifaal:a
smeerkazen	smeerkaas:n
smeerkaasje	smeerkaas:n
kinbanden	kinband:n
kinbandje	kinband:n
knallers	knaller:n
knallertje	knaller:n
kielhalingen	kielhaling:n
klapspanen	klapspaan:n
keelbanden	keelband:n
keelbandje	keelband:n
klimaatbossen	klimaatbos:n
klimaatbosje	klimaatbos:n
gemalinnen	gemalin:n
kwakkel	kwakkelen:v
kwakkelde	kwakkelen:v
kwakkelt	kwakkelen:v
kwakkelden	kwakkelen:v
kwakkelend	kwakkelen:v
gekwakkeld	kwakkelen:v
langeafstandsrenners	langeafstandsrenner:n
langtongen	langtong:n
langtongetje	langtong:n
mandeïsche	mandeïsch:a
verblijfsvergunningen	verblijfsvergunning:n
verblijfsvergunninkje	verblijfsvergunning:n
klevers	klever:n
klevertje	klever:n
laadpaalklevers	laadpaalklever:n
laadpaalklevertje	laadpaalklever:n
laadpalen	laadpaal:n
laadpaaltje	laadpaal:n
bumperkleef	bumperkleven:v
bumperkleefde	bumperkleven:v
bumperkleeft	bumperkleven:v
bumperkleefden	bumperkleven:v
bumperklevend	bumperkleven:v
gebumperkleefd	bumperkleven:v
bumperstickers	bumpersticker:n
bumperstickertje	bumpersticker:n
windstille	windstil:a
stilval	stilvallen:v
stilviel	stilvallen:v
stilvalt	stilvallen:v
stilvielen	stilvallen:v
stilvallend	stilvallen:v
stilgevallen	stilvallen:v
lastigval	lastigvallen:v
lastigviel	lastigvallen:v
lastigvalt	lastigvallen:v
lastigvielen	lastigvallen:v
lastigvallend	lastigvallen:v
lastiggevallen	lastigvallen:v
volleybal	volleyballen:v
volleybalde	volleyballen:v
volleybalt	volleyballen:v
volleybalden	volleyballen:v
volleyballend	volleyballen:v
gevolleybald	volleyballen:v
volleyballen	volleybal:n
nasmaak	nasmaken:v
nasmaakte	nasmaken:v
nasmaakt	nasmaken:v
nasmaakten	nasmaken:v
nasmakend	nasmaken:v
nagesmaakt	nasmaken:v
oersterke	oersterk:a
operahuizen	operahuis:n
opblaasgitaren	opblaasgitaar:n
verdraagbaare	verdraagbaar:a
kwarrelige	kwarrelig:a
loofrijker	loofrijk:a
loofrijkst	loofrijk:a
loofrijke	loofrijk:a
loofrijkere	loofrijk:a
loofrijkste	loofrijk:a
luchtaders	luchtader:n
luchtledige	luchtledig:a|luchtledig:n
luchtzeeën	luchtzee:n
luchtstenen	luchtsteen:n
luchtsteentje	luchtsteen:n
panslavistische	panslavistisch:a
predikstoel	preekstoel:n
plasma-tv's	plasma-tv:n
plasma-tv'tje	plasma-tv:n
perifrasen	perifrase:n
perifrases	perifrase:n
lucubraties	lucubratie:n
politoeren	politoer:n
parelduikers	parelduiker:n
kopkazen	kopkaas:n
verwind	verwinden:v
verwindt	verwinden:v
verwonden	verwinden:v
verwindend	verwinden:v
verwindde	verwinden:v
verwindden	verwinden:v
regendansen	regendans:n
regendansje	regendans:n
rouwmoediger	rouwmoedig:a
rouwmoedigst	rouwmoedig:a
rouwmoedige	rouwmoedig:a
rouwmoedigere	rouwmoedig:a
rouwmoedigste	rouwmoedig:a
roetvegen	roetveeg:n
megafoons	megafoon:n
megafoontje	megafoon:n
kantines	kantine:n
kantinetje	kantine:n
rariteiten	rariteit:n
rariteitje	rariteit:n
rookwerken	rookwerk:n
samoen	samoem:n
samenscholingen	samenscholing:n
samenscholinkje	samenscholing:n
lichtstralen	lichtstraal:n
lichtstraaltje	lichtstraal:n
medespelers	medespeler:n
medespelertje	medespeler:n
medespeelsters	medespeelster:n
medespeelstertje	medespeelster:n
werkneemsters	werkneemster:n
werkneemstertje	werkneemster:n
samenschool	samenscholen:v
samenschoolde	samenscholen:v
samenschoolt	samenscholen:v
samenschoolden	samenscholen:v
samenscholend	samenscholen:v
samengeschoold	samenscholen:v
werkgeefsters	werkgeefster:n
werkgeefstertje	werkgeefster:n
scheidlijn	scheidslijn:n
schaapshonden	schaapshond:n
schaapshondje	schaapshond:n
bastaardtalen	bastaardtaal:n
bastaardtaaltje	bastaardtaal:n
tandelozer	tandeloos:a
tandeloost	tandeloos:a
tandeloze	tandeloos:a
tandelozere	tandeloos:a
tandelooste	tandeloos:a
bandelozer	bandeloos:a
bandeloost	bandeloos:a
bandeloze	bandeloos:a
bandelozere	bandeloos:a
bandelooste	bandeloos:a
bandenloos	bandeloos:a
bandenlozer	bandenloos:a
bandenloost	bandenloos:a
bandenloze	bandenloos:a
bandenlozere	bandenloos:a
bandenlooste	bandenloos:a
vlaktaksen	vlaktaks:n
uitzit	uitzitten:v
uitzat	uitzitten:v
uitzaten	uitzitten:v
uitzittend	uitzitten:v
uitgezeten	uitzitten:v
theeleut	theeleuten:v
theeleutte	theeleuten:v
theeleutten	theeleuten:v
theeleutend	theeleuten:v
getheeleut	theeleuten:v
tijdsrekening	tijdrekening:n
sneeuwbommen	sneeuwbom:n
wonderdoeners	wonderdoener:n
mortierbommen	mortierbom:n
mortierbommetje	mortierbom:n
voortuinen	voortuin:n
voortuintje	voortuin:n
tuinhuizen	tuinhuis:n
tuinhuisje	tuinhuis:n
putluchten	putlucht:n
putluchtje	putlucht:n
vaasjes	vaasje:n
seksspeeltjes	seksspeeltje:n
hondensleeën	hondenslee:n
meander	meanderen:v
meanderde	meanderen:v
meandert	meanderen:v
meanderden	meanderen:v
meanderend	meanderen:v
gemeanderd	meanderen:v
musiceer	musiceren:v
musiceerde	musiceren:v
musiceert	musiceren:v
musiceerden	musiceren:v
musicerend	musiceren:v
gemusiceerd	musiceren:v
kaketoes	kaketoe:n
kaketoetje	kaketoe:n
luchtweerstanden	luchtweerstand:n
tegenspoediger	tegenspoedig:a
tegenspoedigst	tegenspoedig:a
tegenspoedige	tegenspoedig:a
tegenspoedigere	tegenspoedig:a
tegenspoedigste	tegenspoedig:a
waterpompen	waterpomp:n
waterpompje	waterpomp:n
wildebeestenspelen	wildebeestenspel:n
verbeteraars	verbeteraar:n
kankerstaven	kankerstaaf:n
kankerstaafje	kankerstaaf:n
zenuwenoorlog	zenuwoorlog:n
Zevenslapers	Zevenslaper:n
slapers	slaper:n
slapertje	slaper:n
slapertjes	slapertje:n
zoutwatermeren	zoutwatermeer:n
zoutwatermeertje	zoutwatermeer:n
alstu	alstublieft:i
giervalken	giervalk:n
lapjeskatten	lapjeskat:n
lapjeskatje	lapjeskat:n
zemel	zemelen:v
zemelde	zemelen:v
zemelt	zemelen:v
zemelden	zemelen:v
zemelend	zemelen:v
gezemeld	zemelen:v
zemelen	zemel:n
zoutzieders	zoutzieder:n
ontvriend	ontvrienden:v
ontvriendde	ontvrienden:v
ontvriendt	ontvrienden:v
ontvriendden	ontvrienden:v
ontvriendend	ontvrienden:v
forelschimmels	forelschimmel:n
foreesten	foreest:n
karbouwen	karbouw:n
dextrogyre	dextrogyr:a
waterbuffels	waterbuffel:n
waterbuffeltje	waterbuffel:n
wildplassers	wildplasser:n
wildplassertje	wildplasser:n
sluikreclames	sluikreclame:n
oogpotloden	oogpotlood:n
oogpotloodje	oogpotlood:n
werkmieren	werkmier:n
werkmiertje	werkmier:n
wenkbrauwpotloden	wenkbrauwpotlood:n
wenkbrauwpotloodje	wenkbrauwpotlood:n
verglim	verglimmen:v
verglom	verglimmen:v
verglimt	verglimmen:v
verglomen	verglimmen:v
verglimmend	verglimmen:v
verglommen	verglimmen:v
snoeisels	snoeisel:n
snoeiseltje	snoeisel:n
scheersels	scheersel:n
scheerseltje	scheersel:n
knipsels	knipsel:n
knipseltje	knipsel:n
onruststokers	onruststoker:n
onruststokertje	onruststoker:n
hemelingen	hemeling:n
wichelarijen	wichelarij:n
twijfelaars	twijfelaar:n
twijfelaartje	twijfelaar:n
hemelkaarten	hemelkaart:n
hemelkaartje	hemelkaart:n
weesgeneesmiddelen	weesgeneesmiddel:n
moederkoeken	moederkoek:n
moederkoekje	moederkoek:n
nageboorten	nageboorte:n
nageboortes	nageboorte:n
prioriteer	prioriteren:v
prioriteerde	prioriteren:v
prioriteert	prioriteren:v
prioriteerden	prioriteren:v
prioriterend	prioriteren:v
geprioriteerd	prioriteren:v
prioriseer	prioriseren:v
prioriseerde	prioriseren:v
prioriseert	prioriseren:v
prioriseerden	prioriseren:v
prioriserend	prioriseren:v
geprioriseerd	prioriseren:v
prioritiseer	prioritiseren:v
prioritiseerde	prioritiseren:v
prioritiseert	prioritiseren:v
prioritiseerden	prioritiseren:v
prioritiserend	prioritiseren:v
geprioritiseerd	prioritiseren:v
krolser	krols:a
krolst	krols:a
krolse	krols:a
krolsere	krols:a
krolste	krols:a
Otrabanda	Otrobanda:m
spookdieren	spookdier:n
spookdiertje	spookdier:n
opblaaskrokodillen	opblaaskrokodil:n
opblaaskrokodilletje	opblaaskrokodil:n
Kodakmomenten	Kodakmoment:n
Kodakmomentje	Kodakmoment:n
bederfzwammen	bederfzwam:n
zwakteparasieten	zwakteparasiet:n
karperluizen	karperluis:n
karperluisje	karperluis:n
visluizen	visluis:n
vissluizen	vissluis:n
vuurroers	vuurroer:n
vuurroeren	vuurroer:n
roerdragers	roerdrager:n
potentaatje	potentaat:n
vuurmonden	vuurmond:n
vuurmondje	vuurmond:n
satéstokken	satéstok:n
satéstokje	satéstok:n
verfilmingen	verfilming:n
dwarslig	dwarsliggen:v
dwarslag	dwarsliggen:v
dwarsligt	dwarsliggen:v
dwarslagen	dwarsliggen:v
dwarsliggend	dwarsliggen:v
dwarsgelegen	dwarsliggen:v
groepsapps	groepsapp:n
groepsappje	groepsapp:n
kloosterkazen	kloosterkaas:n
kloosterkaasje	kloosterkaas:n
vrijpionnen	vrijpion:n
vrijpionnetje	vrijpion:n
raadsheren	raadsheer:n
raadsheertje	raadsheer:n
roerbak	roerbakken:v
roerbakte	roerbakken:v
roerbakt	roerbakken:v
roerbakten	roerbakken:v
roerbakkend	roerbakken:v
geroerbakt	roerbakken:v
donderstormen	donderstorm:n
toverdokters	toverdokter:n
toverdoktertje	toverdokter:n
Bantoes	Bantoe:n
hoortoestellen	hoortoestel:n
hoortoestelletje	hoortoestel:n
ringleidingen	ringleiding:n
roltongen	roltong:n
roltongetje	roltong:n
klauwkikkers	klauwkikker:n
spadassijns	spadassijn:n
spadassijnen	spadassijn:n
spadassijntje	spadassijn:n
assassijnen	assassijn:n
assassijns	assassijn:n
assassijntje	assassijn:n
Assassijn	assassijn:n
jemig	Jezus:i
BNN'er	BN'er:n
BNN'ers	BNN'er:n
BNN'ertje	BNN'er:n
klassiekers	klassieker:n
klassiekertje	klassieker:n
Klassieker	klassieker:n
bekvecht	bekvechten:v
bekvechtte	bekvechten:v
bekvechtten	bekvechten:v
bekvechtend	bekvechten:v
gebekvecht	bekvechten:v
Sardijnen	Sardijn:n
spekkopers	spekkoper:n
malversatiën	malversatie:n
abuizen	abuis:n
abuisje	abuis:n
zeebonken	zeebonk:n
zeebonkje	zeebonk:n
borstgesteenten	borstgesteente:n
cultfilms	cultfilm:n
cultfilmpje	cultfilm:n
randzeeën	randzee:n
transfobe	transfoob:a
zakenkabinetten	zakenkabinet:n
cultuurbarbaren	cultuurbarbaar:n
cultuurbarbaartje	cultuurbarbaar:n
cultuurvolgers	cultuurvolger:n
boottochten	boottocht:n
boottochtje	boottocht:n
lijftochten	lijftocht:n
dorpsgenoten	dorpsgenoot:n
dorpsgenootje	dorpsgenoot:n
dorpsgenote	dorpsgenoot:n
tweepersoonsbedden	tweepersoonsbed:n
tweepersoonsbedje	tweepersoonsbed:n
geloofsgenoten	geloofsgenoot:n
geloofsgenootje	geloofsgenoot:n
geloofsgenotes	geloofsgenote:n
tegenpartijen	tegenpartij:n
tegenpartijders	tegenpartijder:n
indianenverhalen	indianenverhaal:n
luchtopnames	luchtopname:n
armsnoeren	armsnoer:n
auteursrechten	auteursrecht:n
boomklokken	boomklok:n
boomkikvorsen	boomkikvors:n
boomkikvorsje	boomkikvors:n
boomgrenzen	boomgrens:n
boomkwekers	boomkweker:n
boomkevers	boomkever:n
boomkevertje	boomkever:n
meibomen	meiboom:n
meiboompje	meiboom:n
boomvarens	boomvaren:n
boomvarentje	boomvaren:n
apenbomen	apenboom:n
apenboompje	apenboom:n
boomvorsen	boomvors:n
voeteer	voeteren:v
voeteerde	voeteren:v
voeteert	voeteren:v
voeteerden	voeteren:v
voeterend	voeteren:v
gevoeteerd	voeteren:v
botervrouwen	botervrouw:n
botervrouwtje	botervrouw:n
badhuizen	badhuis:n
badhuisje	badhuis:n
andoorns	andoorn:n
bombazijnen	bombazijn:n
boogschieter	boogschutter:n
boomgaardeniers	boomgaardenier:n
buurtkinderen	buurtkind:n
buurtkindertje	buurtkind:n
buurtkindje	buurtkind:n
basisbeurzen	basisbeurs:n
basisbeursje	basisbeurs:n
leenstelsels	leenstelsel:n
leenstelseltje	leenstelsel:n
verpretparkiseer	verpretparkiseren:v
verpretparkiseerde	verpretparkiseren:v
verpretparkiseert	verpretparkiseren:v
verpretparkiseerden	verpretparkiseren:v
verpretparkiserend	verpretparkiseren:v
verpretparkiseerd	verpretparkiseren:v
melkboerenhonden	melkboerenhond:n
biljart	biljarten:v
biljartte	biljarten:v
biljartten	biljarten:v
biljartend	biljarten:v
gebiljart	biljarten:v
biljartballen	biljartbal:n
biljartballetje	biljartbal:n
completeer	completeren:v
completeerde	completeren:v
completeert	completeren:v
completeerden	completeren:v
completerend	completeren:v
gecompleteerd	completeren:v
zeereptielen	zeereptiel:n
hondenlevens	hondenleven:n
hondenleventje	hondenleven:n
Feesboek	Facebook:m
praatje	praat:n
praatjes	praatje:n
bedelstaven	bedelstaf:n
vroedmeesterpadden	vroedmeesterpad:n
vroedmeesterpadje	vroedmeesterpad:n
schijftongkikkers	schijftongkikker:n
afpaal	afpalen:v
afpaalde	afpalen:v
afpaalt	afpalen:v
afpaalden	afpalen:v
afpalend	afpalen:v
afgepaald	afpalen:v
brandnetelsoepen	brandnetelsoep:n
brandnetelsoepje	brandnetelsoep:n
dovenetels	dovenetel:n
roofvissen	roofvis:n
roofvisje	roofvis:n
heldhaftigheden	heldhaftigheid:n
wipwappen	wipwap:n
wipwapje	wipwap:n
lofdichten	lofdicht:n
lofdichtje	lofdicht:n
kraakstemmen	kraakstem:n
kraakstemmetje	kraakstem:n
veulenpaarden	veulenpaard:n
lansknecht	landsknecht:n
lansknechten	lansknecht:n
landsknechten	landsknecht:n
treurdichten	treurdicht:n
treurdichtje	treurdicht:n
werkpaarden	werkpaard:n
werkpaardje	werkpaard:n
straatkinderen	straatkind:n
straatkindje	straatkind:n
straatkindertje	straatkind:n
slangenkuilen	slangenkuil:n
kuiltjes	kuiltje:n
malders	malder:n
bierkannen	bierkan:n
bierkannetje	bierkan:n
bierbrouwerijen	bierbrouwerij:n
bierbrouwerijtje	bierbrouwerij:n
bierbrouwers	bierbrouwer:n
bierdrinkers	bierdrinker:n
biertappen	biertap:n
marterachtigen	marterachtige:n
vermogensbelastingen	vermogensbelasting:n
bierfietsen	bierfiets:n
bierfietsje	bierfiets:n
tapbieren	tapbier:n
tapbiertje	tapbier:n
liefdeslevens	liefdesleven:n
liefdesleventje	liefdesleven:n
benzeenringen	benzeenring:n
vertrektijden	vertrektijd:n
vertrektijdje	vertrektijd:n
eukaryoten	eukaryoot:n
eukaryootje	eukaryoot:n
eukaryote	eukaryoot:a
sponsdieren	sponsdier:n
sponsdiertje	sponsdier:n
neteldieren	neteldier:n
neteldiertje	neteldier:n
ribkwallen	ribkwal:n
ribkwalletje	ribkwal:n
orgaandieren	orgaandier:n
orgaandiertje	orgaandier:n
pijlwormen	pijlworm:n
pijlwormpje	pijlworm:n
stekelhuidigen	stekelhuidige:n
chordadieren	chordadier:n
chordadiertje	chordadier:n
schedellozen	schedelloze:n
schedelloze	schedelloos:a
manteldieren	manteldier:n
manteldiertje	manteldier:n
beenvisachtigen	beenvisachtige:n
straalvinnigen	straalvinnige:n
kwastvinnigen	kwastvinnige:n
kruipdieren	kruipdier:n
kruipdiertje	kruipdier:n
placentadieren	placentadier:n
placentadiertje	placentadier:n
haasachtigen	haasachtige:n
breedneusapen	breedneusaap:n
breedneusaapje	breedneusaap:n
smalneusapen	smalneusaap:n
smalneusaapje	smalneusaap:n
mensachtigen	mensachtige:n
civetkatachtigen	civetkatachtige:n
pardelrollers	pardelroller:n
pardelrollertje	pardelroller:n
zeeleeuwachtigen	zeeleeuwachtige:n
wasbeerachtigen	wasbeerachtige:n
sloeries	sloerie:n
aaneenschakelingen	aaneenschakeling:n
maagzakdieren	maagzakdier:n
emelten	emelt:n
schedellooser	schedelloos:a
schedelloost	schedelloos:a
scheidingstransformatoren	scheidingstransformator:n
scheidingstransformatortje	scheidingstransformator:n
overvoer	overvoeren:v|overvaren:v
overvoerde	overvoeren:v
overvoert	overvoeren:v
overvoerden	overvoeren:v
overvoerend	overvoeren:v
overgevoerd	overvoeren:v
overvoerd	overvoeren:v
doeidoei	doei-doei:i
aanplant	aanplanten:v
aanplantte	aanplanten:v
aanplantten	aanplanten:v
aanplantend	aanplanten:v
aangeplant	aanplanten:v
kalkaanslagen	kalkaanslag:n
bomaanslagen	bomaanslag:n
aantrekkelijkheden	aantrekkelijkheid:n
kakmadammen	kakmadam:n
kakmadams	kakmadam:n
kakmadammetje	kakmadam:n
fugitieven	fugitief:n
fugitieve	fugitief:a
breedbekkikkers	breedbekkikker:n
neusapen	neusaap:n
neusaapje	neusaap:n
aapmensen	aapmens:n
aapmensje	aapmens:n
aardrijkskundige	aardrijkskundig:a
abortusklinieken	abortuskliniek:n
abonnees	abonnee:n
houtmaden	houtmade:n
wereldburgers	wereldburger:n
wereldburgertje	wereldburger:n
wereldburgeressen	wereldburgeres:n
wereldburgeresje	wereldburgeres:n
adopties	adoptie:n
acrylverven	acrylverf:n
acrylverfje	acrylverf:n
bureaubladachtergronden	bureaubladachtergrond:n
bureaubladachtergrondje	bureaubladachtergrond:n
naamverzen	naamvers:n
naamversje	naamvers:n
fietshelmen	fietshelm:n
fietshelmpje	fietshelm:n
Adriatische	Adriatisch:a
buslijnen	buslijn:n
buslijntje	buslijn:n
zoef	zoeven:v
zoefde	zoeven:v
zoeft	zoeven:v
zoefden	zoeven:v
zoevend	zoeven:v
gezoefd	zoeven:v
zoeven	zo-even:d
onherkenbaarder	onherkenbaar:a
onherkenbaarst	onherkenbaar:a
onherkenbare	onherkenbaar:a
onherkenbaardere	onherkenbaar:a
onherkenbaarste	onherkenbaar:a
kijkspelen	kijkspel:n
kijkspellen	kijkspel:n
kijkspelletje	kijkspel:n
beestenspelen	beestenspel:n
besteedsters	besteedster:n
vroegpreken	vroegpreek:n
heitjes	heitje:n
aggressie	agressie:n
esdoornsiropen	esdoornsiroop:n
appartementencomplexen	appartementencomplex:n
appartementencomplexje	appartementencomplex:n
alcoholischer	alcoholisch:a
alcoholischt	alcoholisch:a
alcoholische	alcoholisch:a
alcoholischere	alcoholisch:a
alcoholischte	alcoholisch:a
vorsingen	vorsing:n
beetgare	beetgaar:a
agrariërs	agrariër:n
binnenmensen	binnenmens:n
loesoes	loesoe:n
loesoetje	loesoe:n
opknoop	opknopen:v
opknoopte	opknopen:v
opknoopt	opknopen:v
opknoopten	opknopen:v
opknopend	opknopen:v
opgeknoopt	opknopen:v
bijblijf	bijblijven:v
bijbleef	bijblijven:v
bijblijft	bijblijven:v
bijbleven	bijblijven:v
bijblijvend	bijblijven:v
bijgebleven	bijblijven:v
ziekenfondsen	ziekenfonds:n
ziektebeelden	ziektebeeld:n
geestesziekten	geestesziekte:n
geestesziektes	geestesziekte:n
spaanplaten	spaanplaat:n
spaanplaatje	spaanplaat:n
moderamina	moderamen:n
spaanplaatschroeven	spaanplaatschroef:n
spaanplaatschroefje	spaanplaatschroef:n
dodenmaskers	dodenmasker:n
dodenmaskertje	dodenmasker:n
kweekscholen	kweekschool:n
kweekschooltje	kweekschool:n
calvinisten	calvinist:n
brandmuren	brandmuur:n
brandmuurtje	brandmuur:n
mopshonden	mopshond:n
mopshondje	mopshond:n
marsbankers	marsbanker:n
horsmakrelen	horsmakreel:n
Zeisters	Zeister:n
zevenmijlslaarzen	zevenmijlslaars:n
alpenweiden	alpenweide:n
alpenweides	alpenweide:n
alpenwei	alpenweide:n
schaapkamelen	schaapkameel:n
letterkeren	letterkeer:n
amazonezadels	amazonezadel:n
schietvoorraden	schietvoorraad:n
amfibische	amfibisch:a
bergweiden	bergweide:n
bergweides	bergweide:n
vrijgraafschappen	vrijgraafschap:n
anglicanen	anglicaan:n
Antilliaanse	Antilliaans:a
sjahs	sjah:n
sjahtje	sjah:n
wingewesten	wingewest:n
appetijtelijker	appetijtelijk:a
appetijtelijkst	appetijtelijk:a
appetijtelijke	appetijtelijk:a
appetijtelijkere	appetijtelijk:a
appetijtelijkste	appetijtelijk:a
sinaasappelhuidje	sinaasappelhuid:n
applaudeer	applauderen:v
applaudeerde	applauderen:v
applaudeert	applauderen:v
applaudeerden	applauderen:v
applauderend	applauderen:v
geapplaudeerd	applauderen:v
archonten	archont:n
arrenslede	arrenslee:n
vastzet	vastzetten:v
vastzette	vastzetten:v
vastzettend	vastzetten:v
vastgezet	vastzetten:v
atoomgetallen	atoomgetal:n
astrologische	astrologisch:a
sluipmoordenaars	sluipmoordenaar:n
halfwaardetijden	halfwaardetijd:n
halfwaardetijdje	halfwaardetijd:n
halveringstijden	halveringstijd:n
halveringstijdje	halveringstijd:n
avondschemers	avondschemer:n
arachnofauna's	arachnofauna:n
vogelfauna's	vogelfauna:n
aversieve	aversief:a
insectenfauna's	insectenfauna:n
avondjurken	avondjurk:n
avondjurkje	avondjurk:n
shred	shredden:v
shredde	shredden:v
shredt	shredden:v
shreddend	shredden:v
geshred	shredden:v
axiale	axiaal:a
Azteekse	Azteeks:a
azijnalen	azijnaal:n
azijnaaltje	azijnaal:n
halveringen	halvering:n
halveer	halveren:v
halveerde	halveren:v
halveert	halveren:v
halveerden	halveren:v
halverend	halveren:v
gehalveerd	halveren:v
baarkleden	baarkleed:n
rosbaren	rosbaar:n
kreukelzones	kreukelzone:n
autokerkhoven	autokerkhof:n
autokerkhofje	autokerkhof:n
appelige	appelig:a
vleten	vleet:n
appelpunten	appelpunt:n
appelpuntje	appelpunt:n
taartpunten	taartpunt:n
taartpuntje	taartpunt:n
BN'ers	BN'er:n
BN'ertje	BN'er:n
attestaties	attestatie:n
vandaaltje	vandaal:n
sloddervossen	sloddervos:n
sloddervosje	sloddervos:n
fanalen	fanaal:n
grunt	grunten:v
gruntte	grunten:v
gruntten	grunten:v
gruntend	grunten:v
gegrunt	grunten:v
azuurstenen	azuursteen:n
regenwateren	regenwater:n
regenwaters	regenwater:n
verkeerspleinen	verkeersplein:n
slechtvalken	slechtvalk:n
slechtvalkje	slechtvalk:n
rondpunten	rondpunt:n
onheldere	onhelder:a
alpenjagers	alpenjager:n
ossenwagens	ossenwagen:n
ossenwagentje	ossenwagen:n
uitvreet	uitvreten:v
uitvrat	uitvreten:v
uitvraten	uitvreten:v
uitvretend	uitvreten:v
uitgevreten	uitvreten:v
uitspook	uitspoken:v
uitspookte	uitspoken:v
uitspookt	uitspoken:v
uitspookten	uitspoken:v
uitspokend	uitspoken:v
uitgespookt	uitspoken:v
badjuffen	badjuf:n
bakermoeders	bakermoeder:n
bajesklanten	bajesklant:n
bajesklantje	bajesklant:n
badeenden	badeend:n
badeendje	badeend:n
andreaskruisen	andreaskruis:n
andreaskruizen	andreaskruis:n
andreaskruisje	andreaskruis:n
komijnekazen	komijnekaas:n
zakhorloges	zakhorloge:n
horlogemakers	horlogemaker:n
horlogemaaksters	horlogemaakster:n
evenhogen	evenhoge:n
belegeringstorens	belegeringstoren:n
mangenelen	mangeneel:n
garelen	gareel:n
gareeltje	gareel:n
balts	baltsen:v
baltste	baltsen:v
baltst	baltsen:v
baltsten	baltsen:v
baltsend	baltsen:v
gebaltst	baltsen:v
balverliezen	balverlies:n
tennisballen	tennisbal:n
tennisballetje	tennisbal:n
copiloten	copiloot:n
vogelwichelarijen	vogelwichelarij:n
vogelwichelaars	vogelwichelaar:n
autogordels	autogordel:n
volksaltaren	volksaltaar:n
aerostaten	aerostaat:n
allemansvrienden	allemansvriend:n
allemansvriendje	allemansvriend:n
allemansvriendinnen	allemansvriendin:n
allemansvriendinnetje	allemansvriendin:n
bandrecorders	bandrecorder:n
bandrecordertje	bandrecorder:n
doopsgezinden	doopsgezinde:n
basisartsen	basisarts:n
lasso	lassoën:v
lassode	lassoën:v
lassoot	lassoën:v
lassoden	lassoën:v
lassoënd	lassoën:v
gelassood	lassoën:v
basketters	basketter:n
kepies	kepie:n
kepietje	kepie:n
persoonsvormen	persoonsvorm:n
persoonsvormpje	persoonsvorm:n
herbebos	herbebossen:v
herbeboste	herbebossen:v
herbebost	herbebossen:v
herbebosten	herbebossen:v
herbebossend	herbebossen:v
basgitaren	basgitaar:n
basgitaartje	basgitaar:n
basgitaristen	basgitarist:n
barstiger	barstig:a
barstigst	barstig:a
barstige	barstig:a
barstigere	barstig:a
barstigste	barstig:a
gistzwammen	gistzwam:n
beducht	beduchten:v
beduchtte	beduchten:v
beduchtten	beduchten:v
beduchtend	beduchten:v
Koreanen	Koreaan:n
keelzangen	keelzang:n
kunstlichten	kunstlicht:n
kunstlichtje	kunstlicht:n
keelzangers	keelzanger:n
apocriefe	apocrief:a
gemeenschapspotten	gemeenschapspot:n
gemeenschapspotje	gemeenschapspot:n
gansch	gans:t
krachtmomenten	krachtmoment:n
massasprints	massasprint:n
massasprinten	massasprint:n
massasprintje	massasprint:n
geldkranen	geldkraan:n
geldkraantje	geldkraan:n
suppoosten	suppoost:n
lelijkheden	lelijkheid:n
symbolieken	symboliek:n
symbolieker	symboliek:a
symboliekst	symboliek:a
symbolieke	symboliek:a
symboliekere	symboliek:a
symboliekste	symboliek:a
badmutsen	badmuts:n
badmutsje	badmuts:n
mutsjes	mutsje:n
eiermutsen	eiermuts:n
eiermutsje	eiermuts:n
theemutsen	theemuts:n
theemutsje	theemuts:n
plateauzolen	plateauzool:n
bowl	bowlen:v
bowlde	bowlen:v
bowlt	bowlen:v
bowlden	bowlen:v
bowlend	bowlen:v
gebowld	bowlen:v
frag	fraggen:v
fragde	fraggen:v
fragt	fraggen:v
fragden	fraggen:v
fraggend	fraggen:v
gefragd	fraggen:v
winkelmanden	winkelmand:n
winkelmandje	winkelmand:n
harpijen	harpij:n
gorgonen	gorgoon:n
gorgoontje	gorgoon:n
minderwaardigheidsgevoelens	minderwaardigheidsgevoel:n
baccalaureaten	baccalaureaat:n
beuzelpraatje	beuzelpraat:n
minderwaardigheidscomplexen	minderwaardigheidscomplex:n
minderwaardigheidscomplexje	minderwaardigheidscomplex:n
beukhamers	beukhamer:n
aanfluitingen	aanfluiting:n
aanfluit	aanfluiten:v
aanfloot	aanfluiten:v
aanfloten	aanfluiten:v
aanfluitend	aanfluiten:v
aangefloten	aanfluiten:v
bijlanden	bijland:n
aardigheden	aardigheid:n
aardigheidje	aardigheid:n
inferieure	inferieur:a
bedilzieker	bedilziek:a
bedilziekst	bedilziek:a
bedilzieke	bedilziek:a
bedilziekere	bedilziek:a
bedilziekste	bedilziek:a
beemden	beemd:n
beemdje	beemd:n
geheimschriften	geheimschrift:n
bedelorden	bedelorde:n
bedelordes	bedelorde:n
aucties	auctie:n
auctiën	auctie:n
badgelden	badgeld:n
congreszalen	congreszaal:n
congreszaaltje	congreszaal:n
slaapzalen	slaapzaal:n
slaapzaaltje	slaapzaal:n
deïsmus	deïsme:n
wildwissels	wildwissel:n
postamenten	postament:n
postamentje	postament:n
hondsmoeë	hondsmoe:a
hondsmoede	hondsmoe:a
otter	otteren:v
otterde	otteren:v
ottert	otteren:v
otterden	otteren:v
otterend	otteren:v
geotterd	otteren:v
doodkoude	doodkoud:a
steenkoude	steenkoud:a
achterlenen	achterleen:n
afknip	afknippen:v
afknipte	afknippen:v
afknipt	afknippen:v
afknipten	afknippen:v
afknippend	afknippen:v
afgeknipt	afknippen:v
muurankers	muuranker:n
muurankertje	muuranker:n
antideeltjes	antideeltje:n
plutocraten	plutocraat:n
opschoon	opschonen:v
opschoonde	opschonen:v
opschoont	opschonen:v
opschoonden	opschonen:v
opschonend	opschonen:v
opgeschoond	opschonen:v
bijzettafels	bijzettafel:n
bijzettafeltje	bijzettafel:n
gorgonische	gorgonisch:a
spijkerbedden	spijkerbed:n
spijkerbedje	spijkerbed:n
plutocratieën	plutocratie:n
plutocratische	plutocratisch:a
schuinkruisen	schuinkruis:n
schuinkruizen	schuinkruis:n
schuinkruisje	schuinkruis:n
beenmeel	beendermeel:n
ronzebonzen	ronzebons:n
behangpapieren	behangpapier:n
behangpapiertje	behangpapier:n
beiaardiers	beiaardier:n
mats	matsen:v
matsten	matsen:v
matsend	matsen:v
gematst	matsen:v
behart	beharten:v
behartte	beharten:v
behartten	beharten:v
behartend	beharten:v
bejaardentehuizen	bejaardentehuis:n
beklemrechten	beklemrecht:n
belangrijkheden	belangrijkheid:n
beleggingen	belegging:n
tuinwallen	tuinwal:n
tuinwalletje	tuinwal:n
voortouwen	voortouw:n
aanduw	aanduwen:v
aanduwde	aanduwen:v
aanduwt	aanduwen:v
aanduwden	aanduwen:v
aanduwend	aanduwen:v
aangeduwd	aanduwen:v
stinkbommen	stinkbom:n
stinkbommetje	stinkbom:n
korenhalmen	korenhalm:n
korenhalmpje	korenhalm:n
overwinter	overwinteren:v
overwinterde	overwinteren:v
overwintert	overwinteren:v
overwinterden	overwinteren:v
overwinterend	overwinteren:v
overwinterd	overwinteren:v
duikscholen	duikschool:n
duikschooltje	duikschool:n
overlijdensakten	overlijdensakte:n
overlijdensaktes	overlijdensakte:n
judaskussen	judaskus:n
stinkdassen	stinkdas:n
pointilleer	pointilleren:v
pointilleerde	pointilleren:v
pointilleert	pointilleren:v
pointilleerden	pointilleren:v
pointillerend	pointilleren:v
gepointilleerd	pointilleren:v
Bengaalse	Bengaals:a
beneffens	benevens:p
benedictijnen	benedictijn:n
bemiddelaars	bemiddelaar:n
Beninse	Benins:a
bergforten	bergfort:n
bergfortje	bergfort:n
slaapliederen	slaaplied:n
slaapliedje	slaaplied:n
wiegeliederen	wiegelied:n
wiegeliedje	wiegelied:n
wiegenlied	wiegelied:n
monsterverbonden	monsterverbond:n
anabaptistische	anabaptistisch:a
dopersen	doperse:n
wederdopers	wederdoper:n
mediageiler	mediageil:a
mediageilst	mediageil:a
mediageile	mediageil:a
mediageilere	mediageil:a
mediageilste	mediageil:a
geilneven	geilneef:n
moffenhoeren	moffenhoer:n
moffenhoertje	moffenhoer:n
remtrommels	remtrommel:n
remtrommeltje	remtrommel:n
onbeschaamder	onbeschaamd:a
onbeschaamdst	onbeschaamd:a
onbeschaamde	onbeschaamd:a
onbeschaamdere	onbeschaamd:a
onbeschaamdste	onbeschaamd:a
berovingen	beroving:n
kornuiten	kornuit:n
kornuitje	kornuit:n
klikbare	klikbaar:a
schrooi	schrooien:v
schrooide	schrooien:v
schrooit	schrooien:v
schrooiden	schrooien:v
schrooiend	schrooien:v
geschrooid	schrooien:v
lapmiddelen	lapmiddel:n
lapmiddeltje	lapmiddel:n
redmiddelen	redmiddel:n
redmiddeltje	redmiddel:n
betaalmiddelen	betaalmiddel:n
tijdverdrijven	tijdverdrijf:n
tijdverdrijfje	tijdverdrijf:n
drukfouten	drukfout:n
drukfoutje	drukfout:n
drukfeilen	drukfeil:n
drukfeiltje	drukfeil:n
exegeten	exegeet:n
poepgaten	poepgat:n
poepgaatje	poepgat:n
kachelovens	kacheloven:n
kacheloventje	kacheloven:n
leukerds	leukerd:n
kunstmusea	kunstmuseum:n
krokusvakanties	krokusvakantie:n
afsnij	afsnijden:v
afsnijd	afsnijden:v
afsneed	afsnijden:v
afsnijdt	afsnijden:v
afsneden	afsnijden:v
afsnijdend	afsnijden:v
afgesneden	afsnijden:v
ampliaties	ampliatie:n
ampliatiën	ampliatie:n
waardvogels	waardvogel:n
bekout	bekouten:v
bekoutte	bekouten:v
bekoutten	bekouten:v
bekoutend	bekouten:v
afhou	afhouden:v
afhoud	afhouden:v
afhield	afhouden:v
afhoudt	afhouden:v
afhielden	afhouden:v
afhoudend	afhouden:v
afgehouden	afhouden:v
donderkloten	donderkloot:n
belanghebbers	belanghebber:n
rendiergeweien	rendiergewei:n
rendiergeweitje	rendiergewei:n
dominicanen	dominicaan:n
Dominicanen	Dominicaan:n
saletjonkers	saletjonker:n
saletjonkertje	saletjonker:n
pterosaurussen	pterosaurus:n
pterosauriërs	pterosauriër:n
ingooien	ingooi:n
binnenbeulen	binnenbeul:n
dichtaderen	dichtader:n
dichtaders	dichtader:n
dichtadertje	dichtader:n
spreektalige	spreektalig:a
stoepranden	stoeprand:n
stoeprandje	stoeprand:n
stoepiers	stoepier:n
loontjie	loon:n
dodemansknoppen	dodemansknop:n
scheerkwasten	scheerkwast:n
scheerkwastje	scheerkwast:n
opiumschuivers	opiumschuiver:n
opiumschuivertje	opiumschuiver:n
oorlogsschattingen	oorlogsschatting:n
bevaar	bevaren:v
bevoer	bevaren:v
bevaart	bevaren:v
bevoeren	bevaren:v
bevarend	bevaren:v
buitenbeugels	buitenbeugel:n
betweteriger	betweterig:a
betweterigst	betweterig:a
betweterige	betweterig:a
betweterigere	betweterig:a
betweterigste	betweterig:a
bevriezingen	bevriezing:n
oorlammen	oorlam:n
oorlammetje	oorlam:n
gierigs	gierig:a
idioots	idioot:a
spreekstalmeesters	spreekstalmeester:n
stalmeesters	stalmeester:n
verspreek	verspreken:v
versprak	verspreken:v
verspreekt	verspreken:v
verspraken	verspreken:v
versprekend	verspreken:v
versproken	verspreken:v
jouwde	jouwen:v
jouwt	jouwen:v
jouwden	jouwen:v
jouwend	jouwen:v
gejouwd	jouwen:v
jouwen	jouw:t
uitjouw	uitjouwen:v
uitjouwde	uitjouwen:v
uitjouwt	uitjouwen:v
uitjouwden	uitjouwen:v
uitjouwend	uitjouwen:v
uitgejouwd	uitjouwen:v
jongleer	jongleren:v
jongleerde	jongleren:v
jongleert	jongleren:v
jongleerden	jongleren:v
jonglerend	jongleren:v
gejongleerd	jongleren:v
ransuilen	ransuil:n
ransuiltje	ransuil:n
tyfeuze	tyfeus:a
invectieven	invectief:n
klimvoeten	klimvoet:n
invalkrachten	invalkracht:n
badminton	badmintonnen:v
badmintonde	badmintonnen:v
badmintont	badmintonnen:v
badmintonden	badmintonnen:v
badmintonnend	badmintonnen:v
gebadmintond	badmintonnen:v
klinkdichten	klinkdicht:n
klinkdichtje	klinkdicht:n
badzepen	badzeep:n
velduilen	velduil:n
velduiltje	velduil:n
schuivuiten	schuivuit:n
zetsels	zetsel:n
zetseltje	zetsel:n
verdrinkingen	verdrinking:n
agglutineer	agglutineren:v
agglutineerde	agglutineren:v
agglutineert	agglutineren:v
agglutineerden	agglutineren:v
agglutinerend	agglutineren:v
geagglutineerd	agglutineren:v
bewindsvrouwen	bewindsvrouw:n
agenturen	agentuur:n
convooi	konvooi:n
convooien	convooi:n
zetfeilen	zetfeil:n
lokroepen	lokroep:n
lokroepje	lokroep:n
pastorieën	pastorie:n
pastorietje	pastorie:n
weerhaken	weerhaak:n
weerhaakje	weerhaak:n
sterallures	sterallure:n
monarchistische	monarchistisch:a
monarchische	monarchisch:a
monarchale	monarchaal:a
kariatiden	kariatide:n
expeditiekantoren	expeditiekantoor:n
expeditiekantoortje	expeditiekantoor:n
bijvormen	bijvorm:n
behandig	behandigen:v
behandigde	behandigen:v
behandigt	behandigen:v
behandigden	behandigen:v
behandigend	behandigen:v
behandigd	behandigen:v
bedunk	bedunken:v
bedunkte	bedunken:v
bedunkt	bedunken:v
bedunkten	bedunken:v
bedunkend	bedunken:v
bandrekels	bandrekel:n
bijengewassen	bijengewas:n
dijkages	dijkage:n
kinderfeesten	kinderfeest:n
kinderfeestje	kinderfeest:n
tijken	tijk:n
afbet	afbetten:v
afbette	afbetten:v
afbettend	afbetten:v
afgebet	afbetten:v
beeldenstormers	beeldenstormer:n
beeldschriften	beeldschrift:n
alruinen	alruin:n
alruintje	alruin:n
begiet	begieten:v
begoot	begieten:v
begoten	begieten:v
begietend	begieten:v
oomzeggers	oomzegger:n
oomzegsters	oomzegster:n
tantezeggers	tantezegger:n
tantezegsters	tantezegster:n
bekrijg	bekrijgen:v
bekrijgde	bekrijgen:v
bekrijgt	bekrijgen:v
bekrijgden	bekrijgen:v
bekrijgend	bekrijgen:v
bekrijgd	bekrijgen:v
lijfknechten	lijfknecht:n
lijfknechtje	lijfknecht:n
schootsafstanden	schootsafstand:n
strekdammen	strekdam:n
strekdammetje	strekdam:n
bindrijzen	bindrijs:n
binnenschansen	binnenschans:n
binnenkoortsen	binnenkoorts:n
binnenkoortsje	binnenkoorts:n
zoönotische	zoönotisch:a
bewijsmiddelen	bewijsmiddel:n
bezittelijke	bezittelijk:a
bezoldigingen	bezoldiging:n
ultrageluiden	ultrageluid:n
jachtvalken	jachtvalk:n
jachtvalkje	jachtvalk:n
jachtvliegtuigen	jachtvliegtuig:n
jachtvliegtuigje	jachtvliegtuig:n
bomvliegtuigen	bomvliegtuig:n
bombardementsvliegtuigen	bombardementsvliegtuig:n
luchtgastvrouwen	luchtgastvrouw:n
manzieker	manziek:a
manziekst	manziek:a
manzieke	manziek:a
manziekere	manziek:a
manziekste	manziek:a
bibliografische	bibliografisch:a
verkeersvliegtuigen	verkeersvliegtuig:n
verkeersvliegtuigje	verkeersvliegtuig:n
hofmeesteressen	hofmeesteres:n
kunstvliegen	kunstvlieg:n
kunstvliegje	kunstvlieg:n
rolroeren	rolroer:n
actieradii	actieradius:n
actieradiussen	actieradius:n
luchtvaartgezinde	luchtvaartgezind:a
ankermasten	ankermast:n
meermasten	meermast:n
ijsbestrijders	ijsbestrijder:n
molenvliegtuigen	molenvliegtuig:n
vulslurven	vulslurf:n
stuurautomaten	stuurautomaat:n
luchtzakken	luchtzak:n
luchtzakje	luchtzak:n
biplaan	biplan:n
eendvliegtuigen	eendvliegtuig:n
dwarrelvluchten	dwarrelvlucht:n
hakenkruizen	hakenkruis:n
hakenkruisen	hakenkruis:n
hakenkruisje	hakenkruis:n
stuurknuppels	stuurknuppel:n
stuurknuppeltje	stuurknuppel:n
stijgwinden	stijgwind:n
pugilistische	pugilistisch:a
stuurkuipen	stuurkuip:n
zweeftreinen	zweeftrein:n
vliegparken	vliegpark:n
vernielers	vernieler:n
vliegtuigmoederschepen	vliegtuigmoederschip:n
vleugeltips	vleugeltip:n
vleugeltippen	vleugeltip:n
vleugeltipje	vleugeltip:n
tolvluchten	tolvlucht:n
vergassers	vergasser:n
tekentangen	tekentang:n
tekentangetje	tekentang:n
tekenpincetten	tekenpincet:n
tekenpincets	tekenpincet:n
ontteek	ontteken:v
ontteekte	ontteken:v
ontteekt	ontteken:v
ontteekten	ontteken:v
onttekend	ontteken:v
taxi	taxiën:v
taxiede	taxiën:v
taxiet	taxiën:v
taxieden	taxiën:v
taxiënd	taxiën:v
getaxied	taxiën:v
monoplaan	monoplan:n
driedekkers	driedekker:n
driedekkertje	driedekker:n
anderhalfdekkers	anderhalfdekker:n
sesquiplans	sesquiplan:n
proefstanden	proefstand:n
spierkrachtvliegtuigen	spierkrachtvliegtuig:n
tunieken	tuniek:n
tuniekje	tuniek:n
rioolkranten	rioolkrant:n
rioolkrantje	rioolkrant:n
oncologische	oncologisch:a
hoogtezonnen	hoogtezon:n
hoogtezonnetje	hoogtezon:n
geslachtswapens	geslachtswapen:n
knisper	knisperen:v
knisperde	knisperen:v
knispert	knisperen:v
knisperden	knisperen:v
knisperend	knisperen:v
geknisperd	knisperen:v
knisteren	knisperen:v
knaagtanden	knaagtand:n
knaagtandje	knaagtand:n
tandenfeeën	tandenfee:n
tandenfeetje	tandenfee:n
afko's	afko:n
dakkoffers	dakkoffer:n
orthodontistische	orthodontistisch:a
orthodontische	orthodontisch:a
liturgen	liturg:n
geestdrijvers	geestdrijver:n
hemelpolen	hemelpool:n
pestvogels	pestvogel:n
pestvogeltje	pestvogel:n
zuignappen	zuignap:n
zuignapje	zuignap:n
vetbergen	vetberg:n
vetbergje	vetberg:n
helikopterouders	helikopterouder:n
coscoroba's	coscoroba:n
coscorobaatje	coscoroba:n
weerklanken	weerklank:n
weerklankje	weerklank:n
stokankers	stokanker:n
stokankertje	stokanker:n
haringkoningen	haringkoning:n
riemvissen	riemvis:n
ringelrobben	ringelrob:n
stinkrobben	stinkrob:n
honneponnen	honnepon:n
honneponnetje	honnepon:n
bungalowparken	bungalowpark:n
bungalowparkje	bungalowpark:n
zeekralen	zeekraal:n
kegelbanen	kegelbaan:n
maanvissen	maanvis:n
maanvisje	maanvis:n
kamsterren	kamster:n
kamsterretje	kamster:n
kamsters	kamster:n
kamstertje	kamster:n
zeevarkens	zeevarken:n
zeevarkentje	zeevarken:n
zwaardscheden	zwaardschede:n
zwaardschedes	zwaardschede:n
klapmutsen	klapmuts:n
klapmutsje	klapmuts:n
klapmutsrobben	klapmutsrob:n
blaasrobben	blaasrob:n
scheepshuiden	scheepshuid:n
manenrobben	manenrob:n
zadelrobben	zadelrob:n
zeeluipaarden	zeeluipaard:n
zeenaalden	zeenaald:n
stekelroggen	stekelrog:n
stekelrogje	stekelrog:n
bep	beppen:v
bepte	beppen:v
bept	beppen:v
bepten	beppen:v
beppend	beppen:v
gebept	beppen:v
verslaaf	verslaven:v
verslaaft	verslaven:v
verslaafden	verslaven:v|verslaafde:n
windhonden	windhond:n
windhondje	windhond:n
wijle	wijl:n
magazijnen	magazijn:n
magazijntje	magazijn:n
neerslagradars	neerslagradar:n
neerslagradartje	neerslagradar:n
buienradars	buienradar:n
buienradartje	buienradar:n
boormossels	boormossel:n
boormosselen	boormossel:n
boormosseltje	boormossel:n
alantswortels	alantswortel:n
alantswortelen	alantswortel:n
alantwortel	alantswortel:n
botervlinders	botervlinder:n
schapenboeten	schapenboet:n
schapenboetje	schapenboet:n
rugstreeppadden	rugstreeppad:n
rugstreeppadje	rugstreeppad:n
knoflookpadden	knoflookpad:n
knoflookpadje	knoflookpad:n
kadastrale	kadastraal:a
steunforten	steunfort:n
parelmoervlinders	parelmoervlinder:n
parelmoervlindertje	parelmoervlinder:n
spokerijen	spokerij:n
spokerijtje	spokerij:n
dwergvinvissen	dwergvinvis:n
cetologen	cetoloog:n
nawoorden	nawoord:n
nawoordje	nawoord:n
hondshaaien	hondshaai:n
taalrollen	taalrol:n
rijsdammen	rijsdam:n
rijsdammetje	rijsdam:n
baleinwalvissen	baleinwalvis:n
tandwalvissen	tandwalvis:n
salontafels	salontafel:n
salontafeltje	salontafel:n
theekransen	theekrans:n
theekransje	theekrans:n
koog	kaag:n
heideblauwtjes	heideblauwtje:n
kwitanties	kwitantie:n
kwitantietje	kwitantie:n
bijspijkercursussen	bijspijkercursus:n
engerlingen	engerling:n
mierwespen	mierwesp:n
eusociale	eusociaal:a
spijskaarten	spijskaart:n
spijskaartje	spijskaart:n
gemoedelijks	gemoedelijk:a
gemoedelijkers	gemoedelijk:a
ruifje	ruif:n
ferromagneten	ferromagneet:n
extremofielen	extremofiel:n
zaailanden	zaailand:n
ferrometalen	ferrometaal:n
kanoeten	kanoet:n
kanoetje	kanoet:n
paalwormen	paalworm:n
paalwormpje	paalworm:n
plaggenhutten	plaggenhut:n
plaggenhutje	plaggenhut:n
scheepsbellen	scheepsbel:n
scheepsbelletje	scheepsbel:n
klokkenstoelen	klokkenstoel:n
klokkenstoeltje	klokkenstoel:n
pagaanse	pagaans:a
spitssnuitdolfijnen	spitssnuitdolfijn:n
zandsuppleties	zandsuppletie:n
suppleties	suppletie:n
vederlichte	vederlicht:a
bergeenden	bergeend:n
bergeendje	bergeend:n
francofielen	francofiel:n
francofieler	francofiel:a
francofielst	francofiel:a
francofiele	francofiel:a
francofielere	francofiel:a
francofielste	francofiel:a
biefstuksocialisten	biefstuksocialist:n
zagemannen	zageman:n
zagemannetje	zageman:n
tommyguns	tommygun:n
ausputzers	ausputzer:n
doodrijders	doodrijder:n
smaadreden	smaadrede:n
smaadredes	smaadrede:n
veto	vetoën:v
vetode	vetoën:v
vetoot	vetoën:v
vetoden	vetoën:v
vetoënd	vetoën:v
gevetood	vetoën:v
kolderschijven	kolderschijf:n
despootje	despoot:n
dysfore	dysfoor:a
eufore	eufoor:a
euforische	euforisch:a
skipte	skippen:v
skipt	skippen:v
skipten	skippen:v
skippend	skippen:v
geskipt	skippen:v
slingerapen	slingeraap:n
slingeraapje	slingeraap:n
vetorechten	vetorecht:n
slingerplanten	slingerplant:n
slingerplantje	slingerplant:n
schampschoten	schampschot:n
deknamen	deknaam:n
lobotomiseer	lobotomiseren:v
lobotomiseerde	lobotomiseren:v
lobotomiseert	lobotomiseren:v
lobotomiseerden	lobotomiseren:v
lobotomiserend	lobotomiseren:v
gelobotomiseerd	lobotomiseren:v
lobotomeer	lobotomeren:v
lobotomeerde	lobotomeren:v
lobotomeert	lobotomeren:v
lobotomeerden	lobotomeren:v
lobotomerend	lobotomeren:v
gelobotomeerd	lobotomeren:v
stoeterijen	stoeterij:n
stoeterijtje	stoeterij:n
schaduwzijden	schaduwzijde:n
schaduwzijdes	schaduwzijde:n
xerofyten	xerofyt:n
waterbommen	waterbom:n
waterbommetje	waterbom:n
dieptebommen	dieptebom:n
dieptebommetje	dieptebom:n
moordkuilen	moordkuil:n
stream	streamen:v
streamde	streamen:v
streamt	streamen:v
streamden	streamen:v
streamend	streamen:v
gestreamd	streamen:v
paastakken	paastak:n
paaskaarsen	paaskaars:n
bananenbomen	bananenboom:n
bananenboompje	bananenboom:n
bananenplanten	bananenplant:n
bananenplantje	bananenplant:n
adverbiale	adverbiaal:a
vormingsromans	vormingsroman:n
immune	immuun:a
spierbundels	spierbundel:n
spierbundeltje	spierbundel:n
vouwbenen	vouwbeen:n
vouwbeentje	vouwbeen:n
partnerschappen	partnerschap:n
partnerschapje	partnerschap:n
bedkruiken	bedkruik:n
bedkruikje	bedkruik:n
kruikenmoeders	kruikenmoeder:n
baardmankruiken	baardmankruik:n
baardmankruikje	baardmankruik:n
baardmannen	baardman:n
kraamnesten	kraamnest:n
kraamnestje	kraamnest:n
viskramen	viskraam:n
viskraampje	viskraam:n
marktkramen	marktkraam:n
marktkraampje	marktkraam:n
donderwolken	donderwolk:n
donderwolkje	donderwolk:n
sonarhutten	sonarhut:n
sonarvissen	sonarvis:n
doelmatigheden	doelmatigheid:n
boomgelden	boomgeld:n
kwelspelen	kwelspel:n
springstieren	springstier:n
mikwa's	mikwa:n
mikwot	mikwa:n
medehallen	medehal:n
medezalen	medezaal:n
balzalen	balzaal:n
balzaaltje	balzaal:n
buitengemene	buitengemeen:a
allerchristelijkste	allerchristelijkst:a
centenaars	centenaar:n
centenaren	centenaar:n
consterneer	consterneren:v
consterneerde	consterneren:v
consterneert	consterneren:v
consterneerden	consterneren:v
consternerend	consterneren:v
geconsterneerd	consterneren:v
kunstrechterlijke	kunstrechterlijk:a
kunstrechters	kunstrechter:n
beharingen	beharing:n
persifleer	persifleren:v
persifleerde	persifleren:v
persifleert	persifleren:v
persifleerden	persifleren:v
persiflerend	persifleren:v
gepersifleerd	persifleren:v
admiraliteitscolleges	admiraliteitscollege:n
timmerwerven	timmerwerf:n
gifbekers	gifbeker:n
gifbekertje	gifbeker:n
hoeslakens	hoeslaken:n
hoeslakentje	hoeslaken:n
poetsvrouwen	poetsvrouw:n
poetsvrouwtje	poetsvrouw:n
onafscheidelijker	onafscheidelijk:a
onafscheidelijkst	onafscheidelijk:a
onafscheidelijke	onafscheidelijk:a
onafscheidelijkere	onafscheidelijk:a
onafscheidelijkste	onafscheidelijk:a
doodval	doodvallen:v
doodviel	doodvallen:v
doodvalt	doodvallen:v
doodvielen	doodvallen:v
doodvallend	doodvallen:v
doodgevallen	doodvallen:v
verleiders	verleider:n
verleidertje	verleider:n
vlokkiger	vlokkig:a
vlokkigst	vlokkig:a
vlokkige	vlokkig:a
vlokkigere	vlokkig:a
vlokkigste	vlokkig:a
knekelvelden	knekelveld:n
knekelveldje	knekelveld:n
hardhandiger	hardhandig:a
hardhandigst	hardhandig:a
hardhandige	hardhandig:a
hardhandigere	hardhandig:a
hardhandigste	hardhandig:a
adviesprijzen	adviesprijs:n
adviesprijsje	adviesprijs:n
succesnummers	succesnummer:n
succesnummertje	succesnummer:n
bijeenkom	bijeenkomen:v
bijeenkwam	bijeenkomen:v
bijeenkomt	bijeenkomen:v
bijeenkwamen	bijeenkomen:v
bijeenkomend	bijeenkomen:v
bijeengekomen	bijeenkomen:v
bijpraat	bijpraten:v
bijpraatte	bijpraten:v
bijpraatten	bijpraten:v
bijpratend	bijpraten:v
bijgepraat	bijpraten:v
afmeer	afmeren:v
afmeerde	afmeren:v
afmeert	afmeren:v
afmeerden	afmeren:v
afmerend	afmeren:v
afgemeerd	afmeren:v
voedzamer	voedzaam:a
voedzaamst	voedzaam:a
voedzame	voedzaam:a
voedzamere	voedzaam:a
voedzaamste	voedzaam:a
klungel	klungelen:v
klungelde	klungelen:v
klungelt	klungelen:v
klungelden	klungelen:v
klungelend	klungelen:v
geklungeld	klungelen:v
platzakke	platzak:a
kogelbestendiger	kogelbestendig:a
kogelbestendigst	kogelbestendig:a
kogelbestendige	kogelbestendig:a
kogelbestendigere	kogelbestendig:a
kogelbestendigste	kogelbestendig:a
kogelwerende	kogelwerend:a
omhul	omhullen:v
omhulde	omhullen:v
omhult	omhullen:v
omhulden	omhullen:v
omhullend	omhullen:v
omhuld	omhullen:v
onverstoorbaarder	onverstoorbaar:a
onverstoorbaarst	onverstoorbaar:a
onverstoorbare	onverstoorbaar:a
onverstoorbaardere	onverstoorbaar:a
onverstoorbaarste	onverstoorbaar:a
koolzuurhoudende	koolzuurhoudend:a
koolzuurvrije	koolzuurvrij:a
naspeel	naspelen:v
naspeelde	naspelen:v
naspeelt	naspelen:v
naspeelden	naspelen:v
naspelend	naspelen:v
nagespeeld	naspelen:v
wegspoel	wegspoelen:v
wegspoelde	wegspoelen:v
wegspoelt	wegspoelen:v
wegspoelden	wegspoelen:v
wegspoelend	wegspoelen:v
weggespoeld	wegspoelen:v
topgeheime	topgeheim:a
topgeheimen	topgeheim:n
zitzakken	zitzak:n
zitzakje	zitzak:n
voorschotten	voorschot:n
voorschotje	voorschot:n
foutlozer	foutloos:a
foutloost	foutloos:a
foutloze	foutloos:a
foutlozere	foutloos:a
foutlooste	foutloos:a
meelift	meeliften:v
meeliftte	meeliften:v
meeliftten	meeliften:v
meeliftend	meeliften:v
meegelift	meeliften:v
steenhouwers	steenhouwer:n
steenhouwertje	steenhouwer:n
ontmantel	ontmantelen:v
ontmantelde	ontmantelen:v
ontmantelt	ontmantelen:v
ontmantelden	ontmantelen:v
ontmantelend	ontmantelen:v
ontmanteld	ontmantelen:v
herroep	herroepen:v
herriep	herroepen:v
herroept	herroepen:v
herriepen	herroepen:v
herroepend	herroepen:v
lokmiddelen	lokmiddel:n
lokmiddeltje	lokmiddel:n
kabelbanen	kabelbaan:n
kabelbaantje	kabelbaan:n
geheugensteunen	geheugensteun:n
geheugensteuntje	geheugensteun:n
tentoonstel	tentoonstellen:v
tentoonstelde	tentoonstellen:v
tentoonstelt	tentoonstellen:v
tentoonstelden	tentoonstellen:v
tentoonstellend	tentoonstellen:v
tentoongesteld	tentoonstellen:v
verkenners	verkenner:n
verkennertje	verkenner:n
neerval	neervallen:v
neerviel	neervallen:v
neervalt	neervallen:v
neervielen	neervallen:v
neervallend	neervallen:v
neergevallen	neervallen:v
voorraadkasten	voorraadkast:n
voorraadkastje	voorraadkast:n
leeftijdsgenoten	leeftijdsgenoot:n
leeftijdsgenootje	leeftijdsgenoot:n
aandruk	aandrukken:v
aandrukte	aandrukken:v
aandrukt	aandrukken:v
aandrukten	aandrukken:v
aandrukkend	aandrukken:v
aangedrukt	aandrukken:v
ombouw	ombouwen:v
ombouwde	ombouwen:v
ombouwt	ombouwen:v
ombouwden	ombouwen:v
ombouwend	ombouwen:v
omgebouwd	ombouwen:v
ombouwd	ombouwen:v
neutraliseer	neutraliseren:v
neutraliseerde	neutraliseren:v
neutraliseert	neutraliseren:v
neutraliseerden	neutraliseren:v
neutraliserend	neutraliseren:v
geneutraliseerd	neutraliseren:v
fietsendragers	fietsendrager:n
dischgenoot	disgenoot:n
ploot	ploten:v
plootte	ploten:v
plootten	ploten:v
plotend	ploten:v
geploot	ploten:v
oeverlopers	oeverloper:n
kussenslopen	kussensloop:n
kussensloopje	kussensloop:n
slangsterren	slangster:n
slangsterretje	slangster:n
boothuizen	boothuis:n
boothuisje	boothuis:n
clubhuizen	clubhuis:n
clubhuisje	clubhuis:n
poppenhuizen	poppenhuis:n
poppenhuisje	poppenhuis:n
vakantiehuizen	vakantiehuis:n
vakantiehuisje	vakantiehuis:n
rusthuizen	rusthuis:n
rusthuisje	rusthuis:n
leprozenhuizen	leprozenhuis:n
leprozenhuisje	leprozenhuis:n
woonhuizen	woonhuis:n
woonhuisje	woonhuis:n
pesthuizen	pesthuis:n
pesthuisje	pesthuis:n
jachthuizen	jachthuis:n
jachthuisje	jachthuis:n
provinciehuizen	provinciehuis:n
provinciehuisje	provinciehuis:n
zomerhuizen	zomerhuis:n
zomerhuisje	zomerhuis:n
grachtenhuizen	grachtenhuis:n
grachtenhuisje	grachtenhuis:n
tolhuizen	tolhuis:n
tolhuisje	tolhuis:n
modehuizen	modehuis:n
modehuisje	modehuis:n
dorpshuizen	dorpshuis:n
dorpshuisje	dorpshuis:n
opvanghuizen	opvanghuis:n
opvanghuisje	opvanghuis:n
koetshuizen	koetshuis:n
koetshuisje	koetshuis:n
slakkenhuizen	slakkenhuis:n
slakkenhuisje	slakkenhuis:n
wachthuizen	wachthuis:n
wachthuisje	wachthuis:n
filmhuizen	filmhuis:n
filmhuisje	filmhuis:n
sloophuizen	sloophuis:n
sloophuisje	sloophuis:n
herenhuizen	herenhuis:n
herenhuisje	herenhuis:n
hoerenhuizen	hoerenhuis:n
hoerenhuisje	hoerenhuis:n
nieuwbouwhuizen	nieuwbouwhuis:n
nieuwbouwhuisje	nieuwbouwhuis:n
raadhuizen	raadhuis:n
raadhuisje	raadhuis:n
theehuizen	theehuis:n
theehuisje	theehuis:n
studentenhuizen	studentenhuis:n
studentenhuisje	studentenhuis:n
kosthuizen	kosthuis:n
kosthuisje	kosthuis:n
buitenhuizen	buitenhuis:n
buitenhuisje	buitenhuis:n
kamphuizen	kamphuis:n
kamphuisje	kamphuis:n
huisdeuren	huisdeur:n
huisdeurtje	huisdeur:n
huisvaders	huisvader:n
huisvadertje	huisvader:n
huisstofmijten	huisstofmijt:n
huisstofmijtje	huisstofmijt:n
blijf-van-mijn-lijfhuizen	blijf-van-mijn-lijfhuis:n
huisjesslakken	huisjesslak:n
huisjesslakje	huisjesslak:n
begijnhoven	begijnhof:n
begijnhofje	begijnhof:n
vertellingen	vertelling:n
vertellinkje	vertelling:n
lichtschepen	lichtschip:n
paradigmaverschuivingen	paradigmaverschuiving:n
tankjagers	tankjager:n
verkalk	verkalken:v
verkalkte	verkalken:v
verkalkt	verkalken:v
verkalkten	verkalken:v
verkalkend	verkalken:v
Stalinorgel	stalinorgel:n
opscheer	opscheren:v
opschoor	opscheren:v
opscheert	opscheren:v
opschoren	opscheren:v
opscherend	opscheren:v
opgeschoren	opscheren:v
pijltjestoetsen	pijltjestoets:n
pijltjestoetsje	pijltjestoets:n
afdrukvoorbeelden	afdrukvoorbeeld:n
wapenfeiten	wapenfeit:n
wapenfeitje	wapenfeit:n
tabbladen	tabblad:n
tabblaadje	tabblad:n
bewijsstukken	bewijsstuk:n
bewijsstukje	bewijsstuk:n
uppies	uppie:n
nivelleer	nivelleren:v
nivelleerde	nivelleren:v
nivelleert	nivelleren:v
nivelleerden	nivelleren:v
nivellerend	nivelleren:v
genivelleerd	nivelleren:v
schuimspanen	schuimspaan:n
schuimspaantje	schuimspaan:n
Leidsers	Leids:a
amfibievoertuigen	amfibievoertuig:n
amfibievoertuigje	amfibievoertuig:n
amfibievliegtuigen	amfibievliegtuig:n
amfibievliegtuigje	amfibievliegtuig:n
denktanks	denktank:n
denktankje	denktank:n
spuuglelijke	spuuglelijk:a
afgunstiger	afgunstig:a
afgunstigst	afgunstig:a
afgunstige	afgunstig:a
afgunstigere	afgunstig:a
afgunstigste	afgunstig:a
burgerbevolkingen	burgerbevolking:n
vuistregels	vuistregel:n
vuistregeltje	vuistregel:n
organisatoren	organisator:n
organisators	organisator:n
orderidders	orderidder:n
Hindoestanen	Hindoestaan:n
aartsluie	aartslui:a
raadzamer	raadzaam:a
raadzaamst	raadzaam:a
raadzame	raadzaam:a
raadzamere	raadzaam:a
raadzaamste	raadzaam:a
toetsstenen	toetssteen:n
toetssteentje	toetssteen:n
consciëntiën	consciëntie:n
antikapitalistische	antikapitalistisch:a
pijpenkrullen	pijpenkrul:n
pijpenkrulletje	pijpenkrul:n
mamzeer	mamzer:n
zonaanbidders	zonaanbidder:n
gezagsaanbidders	gezagsaanbidder:n
watersnippen	watersnip:n
watersnipje	watersnip:n
houtsnippen	houtsnip:n
houtsnipje	houtsnip:n
nestvlieders	nestvlieder:n
nestblijvers	nestblijver:n
nagelborstels	nagelborstel:n
nagelborsteltje	nagelborstel:n
subfossielen	subfossiel:n
toponiemen	toponiem:n
toponiempje	toponiem:n
griepprikken	griepprik:n
griepprikje	griepprik:n
ruggenprikken	ruggenprik:n
ruggenprikje	ruggenprik:n
bosnegers	bosneger:n
zeeroverijen	zeeroverij:n
boekaniers	boekanier:n
zendpiraten	zendpiraat:n
etherpiraten	etherpiraat:n
linkmiegels	linkmiegel:n
marktplaatsen	marktplaats:n
marktplaatsje	marktplaats:n
marktpleinen	marktplein:n
marktpleintje	marktplein:n
zedenwetten	zedenwet:n
dagdieren	dagdier:n
dagdiertje	dagdier:n
sixpacks	sixpack:n
sixpackje	sixpack:n
majem	majemen:v
majemde	majemen:v
majemt	majemen:v
majemden	majemen:v
majemend	majemen:v
gemajemd	majemen:v
tepalen	tepaal:n
sepalen	sepaal:n
petalen	petaal:n
kroonbladen	kroonblad:n
kroonbladeren	kroonblad:n
kroonblaadje	kroonblad:n
kelkbladen	kelkblad:n
kelkbladeren	kelkblad:n
kelkblaadje	kelkblad:n
ovulaties	ovulatie:n
hoererijen	hoererij:n
rokershoesten	rokershoest:n
rokershoestje	rokershoest:n
rokeriger	rokerig:a
rokerigst	rokerig:a
rokerige	rokerig:a
rokerigere	rokerig:a
rokerigste	rokerig:a
eisprongen	eisprong:n
stripverhalen	stripverhaal:n
stripverhaaltje	stripverhaal:n
stripfiguren	stripfiguur:n
stripfiguurtje	stripfiguur:n
neutronenbommen	neutronenbom:n
Saracenen	Saraceen:n
Saraceentje	Saraceen:n
volzinnen	volzin:n
volzinnetje	volzin:n
massagraven	massagraf:n
massagrafje	massagraf:n
geopolitieke	geopolitiek:a
slampampers	slampamper:n
slampampertje	slampamper:n
marketentsters	marketentster:n
marketender	marketenter:n
marketenters	marketenter:n
zoetelaars	zoetelaar:n
zoetelaren	zoetelaar:n
vrijsteden	vrijstad:n
vrijstadje	vrijstad:n
martialer	martiaal:a
martiaalst	martiaal:a
martiale	martiaal:a
martialere	martiaal:a
martiaalste	martiaal:a
patrijspoorten	patrijspoort:n
patrijspoortje	patrijspoort:n
kogelhulzen	kogelhuls:n
parlementsgebouwen	parlementsgebouw:n
kiesdrempels	kiesdrempel:n
schietbanen	schietbaan:n
schietbaantje	schietbaan:n
hakblokken	hakblok:n
hakblokje	hakblok:n
luchtgitaren	luchtgitaar:n
luchtdichte	luchtdicht:a
luchtalarmen	luchtalarm:n
luchtaanvallen	luchtaanval:n
luchtschippers	luchtschipper:n
luchtschroeven	luchtschroef:n
luchtschroefje	luchtschroef:n
luchtbommen	luchtbom:n
luchtbombardementen	luchtbombardement:n
boôm	boom:n
bombardeerkevers	bombardeerkever:n
bloedlullen	bloedlul:n
bloedlulletje	bloedlul:n
vleeslullen	vleeslul:n
vleeslulletje	vleeslul:n
luchtbruggen	luchtbrug:n
luchtbruggetje	luchtbrug:n
commanderijen	commanderij:n
bewegingsoorlogen	bewegingsoorlog:n
pantheisme	pantheïsme:n
abolities	abolitie:n
toegiften	toegift:n
toegiftje	toegift:n
nijders	nijder:n
zenuwinzinkingen	zenuwinzinking:n
zenuwinzinkinkje	zenuwinzinking:n
bacteriologen	bacterioloog:n
marktwerkingen	marktwerking:n
privatiseer	privatiseren:v
privatiseerde	privatiseren:v
privatiseert	privatiseren:v
privatiseerden	privatiseren:v
privatiserend	privatiseren:v
geprivatiseerd	privatiseren:v
balanceer	balanceren:v
balanceerde	balanceren:v
balanceert	balanceren:v
balanceerden	balanceren:v
balancerend	balanceren:v
gebalanceerd	balanceren:v
techgiganten	techgigant:n
bestrijdingsmiddelen	bestrijdingsmiddel:n
bestrijdingsmiddeltje	bestrijdingsmiddel:n
mededingingen	mededinging:n
lidstaten	lidstaat:n
lidstaatje	lidstaat:n
dereguleringen	deregulering:n
dereguleer	dereguleren:v
dereguleerde	dereguleren:v
dereguleert	dereguleren:v
dereguleerden	dereguleren:v
deregulerend	dereguleren:v
gedereguleerd	dereguleren:v
belastingtarieven	belastingtarief:n
vennootschapsbelastingen	vennootschapsbelasting:n
wegconcurreer	wegconcurreren:v
wegconcurreerde	wegconcurreren:v
wegconcurreert	wegconcurreren:v
wegconcurreerden	wegconcurreren:v
wegconcurrerend	wegconcurreren:v
weggeconcurreerd	wegconcurreren:v
ongrondwettige	ongrondwettig:a
ongrondwettelijke	ongrondwettelijk:a
bewaarplichten	bewaarplicht:n
schuldeisers	schuldeiser:n
meerjarenbegrotingen	meerjarenbegroting:n
lijnrechte	lijnrecht:a
bodemziekten	bodemziekte:n
bodemziektes	bodemziekte:n
sluitstukken	sluitstuk:n
non-binairder	non-binair:a
non-binairst	non-binair:a
non-binaire	non-binair:a
non-binairdere	non-binair:a
non-binairste	non-binair:a
veiligheidsmaatregelen	veiligheidsmaatregel:n
veiligheidsmaatregels	veiligheidsmaatregel:n
veiligheidsmaatregeltje	veiligheidsmaatregel:n
voorstedelijke	voorstedelijk:a
terdoodveroordeelden	terdoodveroordeelde:n
kettingbotsingen	kettingbotsing:n
kettingbotsinkje	kettingbotsing:n
schuttersstukken	schuttersstuk:n
schutterstuk	schuttersstuk:n
aankwispel	aankwispelen:v
aankwispelde	aankwispelen:v
aankwispelt	aankwispelen:v
aankwispelden	aankwispelen:v
aankwispelend	aankwispelen:v
aangekwispeld	aankwispelen:v
kwispelstaart	kwispelstaarten:v
kwispelstaartte	kwispelstaarten:v
kwispelstaartten	kwispelstaarten:v
kwispelstaartend	kwispelstaarten:v
gekwispelstaart	kwispelstaarten:v
kwispelstaarten	kwispelstaart:n
kwispelstaartje	kwispelstaart:n
omhelzingen	omhelzing:n
omhelzinkje	omhelzing:n
boelhuizen	boelhuis:n
boedelhuis	boelhuis:n
stripalbums	stripalbum:n
rotsblokken	rotsblok:n
rotsblokje	rotsblok:n
evakostuums	evakostuum:n
adamskostuums	adamskostuum:n
houtskoolvuren	houtskoolvuur:n
houtskoolvuurtje	houtskoolvuur:n
aardsatellieten	aardsatelliet:n
boegbuiskamers	boegbuiskamer:n
oppervlaktevloten	oppervlaktevloot:n
aannoop	aannopen:v
aannoopte	aannopen:v
aannoopt	aannopen:v
aannoopten	aannopen:v
aannopend	aannopen:v
aangenoopt	aannopen:v
bronrivieren	bronrivier:n
bronriviertje	bronrivier:n
kamsalamanders	kamsalamander:n
schoolradio's	schoolradio:n
radiowekkers	radiowekker:n
radiowekkertje	radiowekker:n
sacramentele	sacramenteel:a
mouwveeg	mouwvegen:v
mouwveegde	mouwvegen:v
mouwveegt	mouwvegen:v
mouwveegden	mouwvegen:v
mouwvegend	mouwvegen:v
mouwgeveegd	mouwvegen:v
mouwvegers	mouwveger:n
mouwvegertje	mouwveger:n
hamerstukken	hamerstuk:n
hamerstukje	hamerstuk:n
premonstratenzers	premonstratenzer:n|premonstratenzer:a
zelateurs	zelateur:n
pekelhoeren	pekelhoer:n
transvrouwen	transvrouw:n
quiëtisten	quiëtist:n
enzoötische	enzoötisch:a
ulevellen	ulevel:n
ulevelletje	ulevel:n
uleveltje	ulevel:n
filharmonische	filharmonisch:a
deputeer	deputeren:v
deputeerde	deputeren:v
deputeert	deputeren:v
deputeerden	deputeren:v
deputerend	deputeren:v
gedeputeerd	deputeren:v
lucubreer	lucubreren:v
lucubreerde	lucubreren:v
lucubreert	lucubreren:v
lucubreerden	lucubreren:v
lucubrerend	lucubreren:v
gelucubreerd	lucubreren:v
gelijkstem	gelijkstemmen:v
gelijkstemde	gelijkstemmen:v
gelijkstemt	gelijkstemmen:v
gelijkstemden	gelijkstemmen:v
gelijkstemmend	gelijkstemmen:v
gelijkgestemd	gelijkstemmen:v
prairiewolven	prairiewolf:n
onlogischer	onlogisch:a
onlogische	onlogisch:a
onlogischere	onlogisch:a
youtube	youtuben:v
youtubede	youtuben:v
youtubet	youtuben:v
youtubeden	youtuben:v
youtubend	youtuben:v
geyoutubed	youtuben:v
yogische	yogisch:a
stierenvechtsters	stierenvechtster:n
regenschaduwen	regenschaduw:n
levensgezellen	levensgezel:n
levensgezelletje	levensgezel:n
levensgezellinnen	levensgezellin:n
levensgezellinnetje	levensgezellin:n
gedurige	gedurig:a
labberkoelten	labberkoelte:n
labberkoeltes	labberkoelte:n
labberkoeltje	labberkoelte:n
Nitrische	Nitrisch:a
nitrische	nitrisch:a
Catalanen	Catalaan:n
xenotransplantaties	xenotransplantatie:n
weerstations	weerstation:n
weerstationnetje	weerstation:n
verstandsverbijsteringen	verstandsverbijstering:n
syndicaten	syndicaat:n
stootvogels	stootvogel:n
wouwen	wouw:n
wouwtje	wouw:n
nachtpermissies	nachtpermissie:n
testeer	testeren:v
testeerde	testeren:v
testeert	testeren:v
testeerden	testeren:v
testerend	testeren:v
getesteerd	testeren:v
humorale	humoraal:a
kardoenen	kardoen:n
kardoens	kardoen:n
kardoentje	kardoen:n
arceringen	arcering:n
kiezels	kiezel:n
kiezeltje	kiezel:n
zwavelregens	zwavelregen:n
wagenburgen	wagenburg:n
wagenburcht	wagenburg:n
droogovens	droogoven:n
droogoventje	droogoven:n
fotogeologen	fotogeoloog:n
dienluiken	dienluik:n
dienluikje	dienluik:n
opruimingsuitverkopen	opruimingsuitverkoop:n
scheurjurken	scheurjurk:n
faldistoria	faldistorium:n
faldistoriumpje	faldistorium:n
attractieparken	attractiepark:n
attractieparkje	attractiepark:n
kookplaten	kookplaat:n
kookplaatje	kookplaat:n
vliegtuigslurven	vliegtuigslurf:n
rugtassen	rugtas:n
rugtasje	rugtas:n
kolenschoppen	kolenschop:n
kolenschopje	kolenschop:n
boormachines	boormachine:n
boormachientje	boormachine:n
boormachinetje	boormachine:n
foezels	foezel:n
foezeloliën	foezelolie:n
waterstofbommen	waterstofbom:n
wederstreven	weerstreven:v
weerstreef	weerstreven:v
weerstreefde	weerstreven:v
weerstreeft	weerstreven:v
weerstreefden	weerstreven:v
weerstrevend	weerstreven:v
weerstreefd	weerstreven:v
wederstrevige	wederstrevig:a
weerstrevig	wederstrevig:a
lilliputters	lilliputter:n
lilliputtertje	lilliputter:n
cartotheken	cartotheek:n
Ionische	Ionisch:a
Indischen	Indische:n
kwartelkoningen	kwartelkoning:n
kwartelkoninkje	kwartelkoning:n
uithangborden	uithangbord:n
uithangbordje	uithangbord:n
kapperspalen	kapperspaal:n
kapperspaaltje	kapperspaal:n
positiejurken	positiejurk:n
positiejurkje	positiejurk:n
onderzoeksjournalisten	onderzoeksjournalist:n
potteuzer	potteus:a
potteust	potteus:a
potteuze	potteus:a
potteuzere	potteus:a
potteuste	potteus:a
lollepotten	lollepot:n
lollepotje	lollepot:n
lutheraanse	lutheraans:a
venusjankers	venusjanker:n
speelballen	speelbal:n
speelballetje	speelbal:n
Nutsmannen	Nutsman:n
gewoonheden	gewoonheid:n
scheepsankers	scheepsanker:n
zwinglianen	zwingliaan:n
zwingliaanse	zwingliaans:a
Texelaars	Texelaar:n
Texelaren	Texelaar:n
berkoens	berkoen:n
beweidingen	beweiding:n
deerlijker	deerlijk:a
deerlijkst	deerlijk:a
deerlijke	deerlijk:a
deerlijkere	deerlijk:a
deerlijkste	deerlijk:a
kleinoogroggen	kleinoogrog:n
langhuizen	langhuis:n
loogketels	loogketel:n
bleekvelden	bleekveld:n
bleekveldje	bleekveld:n
chemicaliëntankers	chemicaliëntanker:n
seizoensarbeiders	seizoensarbeider:n
autoladers	autolader:n
groetenissen	groetenis:n
slechtziende	slechtziend:a
slechtzienden	slechtziende:n
artsenijdranken	artsenijdrank:n
artsenijdrankje	artsenijdrank:n
bladerloze	bladerloos:a
bladloze	bladloos:a
dierenperken	dierenperk:n
dierperk	dierenperk:n
bewettig	bewettigen:v
bewettigde	bewettigen:v
bewettigt	bewettigen:v
bewettigden	bewettigen:v
bewettigend	bewettigen:v
bewettigd	bewettigen:v
seiders	seider:n
vermoordingen	vermoording:n
aanritsgelden	aanritsgeld:n
aanloopgelden	aanloopgeld:n
invasiemachten	invasiemacht:n
kartonneer	kartonneren:v
kartonneerde	kartonneren:v
kartonneert	kartonneren:v
kartonneerden	kartonneren:v
kartonnerend	kartonneren:v
gekartonneerd	kartonneren:v
bruidschat	bruidsschat:n
buikspreek	buikspreken:v
buiksprak	buikspreken:v
buikspreekt	buikspreken:v
buikspraken	buikspreken:v
buiksprekend	buikspreken:v
buikgesproken	buikspreken:v
buikspreeksters	buikspreekster:n
buiksprekers	buikspreker:n
buikspreekpoppen	buikspreekpop:n
diervriendelijker	diervriendelijk:a
diervriendelijkst	diervriendelijk:a
diervriendelijke	diervriendelijk:a
diervriendelijkere	diervriendelijk:a
diervriendelijkste	diervriendelijk:a
citroenappels	citroenappel:n
citroenappelen	citroenappel:n
citroenlimonades	citroenlimonade:n
boterwagen	boterwaag:n
bloedschandiger	bloedschandig:a
bloedschandigst	bloedschandig:a
bloedschandige	bloedschandig:a
bloedschandigere	bloedschandig:a
bloedschandigste	bloedschandig:a
wijkverplegers	wijkverpleger:n
wijkverpleegsters	wijkverpleegster:n
angellijnen	angellijn:n
citroenschijven	citroenschijf:n
citroenschijfje	citroenschijf:n
citrusvruchten	citrusvrucht:n
citrusvruchtje	citrusvrucht:n
bijenarenden	bijenarend:n
wespendieven	wespendief:n
radslotpistolen	radslotpistool:n
Amerindianen	Amerindiaan:n
rivierpaarden	rivierpaard:n
neusklanken	neusklank:n
seminariën	seminarie:n
badplaatsen	badplaats:n
badplaatsje	badplaats:n
kustplaatsen	kustplaats:n
kustplaatsje	kustplaats:n
weidewinkels	weidewinkel:n
hypermarkten	hypermarkt:n
rustaltaren	rustaltaar:n
rustaltaars	rustaltaar:n
fytotherapieën	fytotherapie:n
fytotherapeuten	fytotherapeut:n
gaasvliegen	gaasvlieg:n
gaasvliegje	gaasvlieg:n
flambouwen	flambouw:n
plurken	plurk:n
lijkfeesten	lijkfeest:n
aanstook	aanstoken:v
aanstookte	aanstoken:v
aanstookt	aanstoken:v
aanstookten	aanstoken:v
aanstokend	aanstoken:v
aangestookt	aanstoken:v
alwijze	alwijs:a
barricadeer	barricaderen:v
barricadeerde	barricaderen:v
barricadeert	barricaderen:v
barricadeerden	barricaderen:v
barricaderend	barricaderen:v
gebarricadeerd	barricaderen:v
barricaderingen	barricadering:n
dagwijzers	dagwijzer:n
damschijven	damschijf:n
damschijfje	damschijf:n
damstukken	damstuk:n
damstukje	damstuk:n
naaldgeweren	naaldgeweer:n
boezemvrienden	boezemvriend:n
boezemvriendje	boezemvriend:n
boezemvriendinnen	boezemvriendin:n
boezemvriendinnetje	boezemvriendin:n
allooien	allooi:n
baljuws	baljuw:n
baljuwen	baljuw:n
celgenoten	celgenoot:n
celgenootje	celgenoot:n
celgenotes	celgenote:n
dankliederen	danklied:n
dankliedje	danklied:n
venerologische	venerologisch:a
lichtgassen	lichtgas:n
kolengassen	kolengas:n
steenkolengassen	steenkolengas:n
beugelkronen	beugelkroon:n
overspeliger	overspelig:a
overspeligst	overspelig:a
overspelige	overspelig:a
overspeligere	overspelig:a
overspeligste	overspelig:a
aankomelingen	aankomeling:n
baasspelers	baasspeler:n
baasspelertje	baasspeler:n
meerderheidsbelangen	meerderheidsbelang:n
onaardse	onaards:a
zeeslagen	zeeslag:n
zeeslagje	zeeslag:n
zeehoofden	zeehoofd:n
vagebonden	vagebond:n
vagebondje	vagebond:n
vaatweefsels	vaatweefsel:n
fraseurs	fraseur:n
bodembewoners	bodembewoner:n
insectivoren	insectivoor:n
insectivore	insectivoor:a
plechtankers	plechtanker:n
notitieboeken	notitieboek:n
notitieboekje	notitieboek:n
standaardmolen	standerdmolen:n
standerdkorenmolens	standerdkorenmolen:n
ijsvelden	ijsveld:n
ijsveldje	ijsveld:n
kathaaien	kathaai:n
peluwen	peluw:n
peluws	peluw:n
peluwtje	peluw:n
strandpaviljoens	strandpaviljoen:n
strandpaviljoenen	strandpaviljoen:n
strandpaviljoentje	strandpaviljoen:n
paraboolduinen	paraboolduin:n
paraboolduintje	paraboolduin:n
vakantietoeslagen	vakantietoeslag:n
toeslagen	toeslag:n
toeslagje	toeslag:n
braamstruiken	braamstruik:n
braamstruikje	braamstruik:n
humeuze	humeus:a
lamoenen	lamoen:n
koperwerken	koperwerk:n
koperwerkje	koperwerk:n
theetuinen	theetuin:n
theetuintje	theetuin:n
militieplichten	militieplicht:n
milities	militie:n
pleziervaarten	pleziervaart:n
rondvaartboten	rondvaartboot:n
rondvaartbootje	rondvaartboot:n
zijdgeweren	zijdgeweer:n
zijdgeweers	zijdgeweer:n
doopsgezinde	doopsgezind:a
menistische	menistisch:a
vuurwapengevaarlijker	vuurwapengevaarlijk:a
vuurwapengevaarlijkst	vuurwapengevaarlijk:a
interplanetaire	interplanetair:a
koortsdromen	koortsdroom:n
koortsdroompje	koortsdroom:n
biofysische	biofysisch:a
insecteneters	insecteneter:n
bisjaren	bisjaar:n
waskeukens	waskeuken:n
sanctieregimes	sanctieregime:n
elfletterige	elfletterig:a
troetelnamen	troetelnaam:n
troetelnaampje	troetelnaam:n
hooiwagenkrabben	hooiwagenkrab:n
hooiwagens	hooiwagen:n
hooiwagentje	hooiwagen:n
buffelkoeien	buffelkoe:n
buffelstieren	buffelstier:n
buffelstiertje	buffelstier:n
boetepredikers	boeteprediker:n
onderzeevloten	onderzeevloot:n
halfuren	halfuur:n
halfuurtje	halfuur:n
golftoppen	golftop:n
rustdagen	rustdag:n
rustdagje	rustdag:n
karbonades	karbonade:n
karbonaadje	karbonade:n
karbonadetje	karbonade:n
bufotoxines	bufotoxine:n
maagsappen	maagsap:n
streepjescodes	streepjescode:n
dienstmeiden	dienstmeid:n
dienstmeisje	dienstmeid:n
geldsnoeiers	geldsnoeier:n
snoeiers	snoeier:n
brandweerkorpsen	brandweerkorps:n
brandweerkorpsje	brandweerkorps:n
lovenswaardiger	lovenswaardig:a
lovenswaardigst	lovenswaardig:a
lovenswaardige	lovenswaardig:a
lovenswaardigere	lovenswaardig:a
lovenswaardigste	lovenswaardig:a
kwalificeer	kwalificeren:v
kwalificeerde	kwalificeren:v
kwalificeert	kwalificeren:v
kwalificeerden	kwalificeren:v
kwalificerend	kwalificeren:v
gekwalificeerd	kwalificeren:v
15de	vijftiende:a
18de	achttiende:a
17de	zeventiende:a
16de	zestiende:a
8ste	achtste:a
9de	negende:a
10de	tiende:a
11de	elfde:a
12de	twaalfde:a
13de	dertiende:a
14de	veertiende:a
7de	zevende:a
dart	darten:v
dartte	darten:v
dartten	darten:v
dartend	darten:v
gedart	darten:v
boomstammetjes	boomstammetje:n
boomlange	boomlang:a
hoofdstammen	hoofdstam:n
mormoonse	mormoons:a
lasterveldtochten	lasterveldtocht:n
lastercampagnes	lastercampagne:n
vluchtheuvels	vluchtheuvel:n
vluchtheuvelen	vluchtheuvel:n
vluchtheuveltje	vluchtheuvel:n
opnamestudio's	opnamestudio:n
opnamestudiootje	opnamestudio:n
lerarenkamers	lerarenkamer:n
leraarskamer	lerarenkamer:n
heipalen	heipaal:n
heipaaltje	heipaal:n
2de	tweede:a
3de	derde:a
4de	vierde:a
Gelderen	Gelre:m
5de	vijfde:a
6de	zesde:a
1ste	eerste:a
bestuursvergaderingen	bestuursvergadering:n
bestuursvergaderingetje	bestuursvergadering:n
boschjesman	Bosjesman:n
diklippiger	diklippig:a
diklippigst	diklippig:a
diklippige	diklippig:a
diklippigere	diklippig:a
diklippigste	diklippig:a
donderpreken	donderpreek:n
donderpreekje	donderpreek:n
slijtplekken	slijtplek:n
slijtplekje	slijtplek:n
ademloze	ademloos:a
beatbox	beatboxen:v
beatboxte	beatboxen:v
beatboxt	beatboxen:v
beatboxten	beatboxen:v
beatboxend	beatboxen:v
gebeatboxt	beatboxen:v
interneringskampen	interneringskamp:n
strafkampen	strafkamp:n
torenforten	torenfort:n
halsaderen	halsader:n
halsaders	halsader:n
halsadertje	halsader:n
schedelbases	schedelbasis:n
schedelbasissen	schedelbasis:n
wijnpersen	wijnpers:n
wijnpersje	wijnpers:n
loebassen	loebas:n
jaagtouwen	jaagtouw:n
politiehonden	politiehond:n
politiehondje	politiehond:n
inchoatieve	inchoatief:a
ingressieve	ingressief:a
haagdoorns	haagdoorn:n
haagdoorntje	haagdoorn:n
sluiers	sluier:n
sluiertje	sluier:n
veestapels	veestapel:n
veestapeltje	veestapel:n
sluier	sluieren:v
sluierde	sluieren:v
sluiert	sluieren:v
sluierden	sluieren:v
sluierend	sluieren:v
gesluierd	sluieren:v
twistgesprekken	twistgesprek:n
twistgesprekje	twistgesprek:n
bliksemflitsen	bliksemflits:n
bliksemflitsje	bliksemflits:n
twistgieriger	twistgierig:a
twistgierigst	twistgierig:a
twistgierige	twistgierig:a
twistgierigere	twistgierig:a
twistgierigste	twistgierig:a
afveeg	afvegen:v
afveegde	afvegen:v
afveegt	afvegen:v
afveegden	afvegen:v
afvegend	afvegen:v
afgeveegd	afvegen:v
rijksstraatwegen	rijksstraatweg:n
waterstaatskerken	waterstaatskerk:n
waterstaatskerkje	waterstaatskerk:n
afvalligen	afvallige:n
borstwapenen	borstwapen:n
borstwapens	borstwapen:n
cauties	cautie:n
cautieën	cautie:n
huisgenotes	huisgenote:n
medegevangenen	medegevangene:n
kroongetuigen	kroongetuige:n
clandestiene	clandestien:a
middenstippen	middenstip:n
buitenspellen	buitenspel:n
buitenspelen	buitenspel:n
buitenspelletje	buitenspel:n
buitenspelvallen	buitenspelval:n
buitenspelvalletje	buitenspelval:n
buikwanden	buikwand:n
bloemenvazen	bloemenvaas:n
bloemenvaasje	bloemenvaas:n
bloemvaas	bloemenvaas:n
lezingen	lezing:n
lezinkje	lezing:n
bloementuinen	bloementuin:n
bloementuintje	bloementuin:n
bloemtuin	bloementuin:n
houtsnijwerken	houtsnijwerk:n
houtsnijwerkje	houtsnijwerk:n
beeldsnijwerken	beeldsnijwerk:n
onttroon	onttronen:v
onttroonde	onttronen:v
onttroont	onttronen:v
onttroonden	onttronen:v
onttronend	onttronen:v
onttroond	onttronen:v
aanstreep	aanstrepen:v
aanstreepte	aanstrepen:v
aanstreept	aanstrepen:v
aanstreepten	aanstrepen:v
aanstrepend	aanstrepen:v
aangestreept	aanstrepen:v
weerkerken	weerkerk:n
weerkerkje	weerkerk:n
kerkburchten	kerkburcht:n
wieldoppen	wieldop:n
oordoppen	oordop:n
oordopje	oordop:n
waterschoenen	waterschoen:n
waterschoentje	waterschoen:n
groeikrachten	groeikracht:n
bootgraven	bootgraf:n
bondstaat	bondsstaat:n
melkbroden	melkbrood:n
melkbroodje	melkbrood:n
flipperkasten	flipperkast:n
flipperkastje	flipperkast:n
krijgsmannen	krijgsman:n
krijgsmannetje	krijgsman:n
geloofwaardiger	geloofwaardig:a
geloofwaardigst	geloofwaardig:a
geloofwaardige	geloofwaardig:a
geloofwaardigere	geloofwaardig:a
geloofwaardigste	geloofwaardig:a
atoomwapens	atoomwapen:n
atoomwapentje	atoomwapen:n
cruiseboten	cruiseboot:n
partijleiders	partijleider:n
partijleidertje	partijleider:n
lijstverbindingen	lijstverbinding:n
kroonprinsessen	kroonprinses:n
kroonprinsesje	kroonprinses:n
kinderfietsen	kinderfiets:n
kinderfietsje	kinderfiets:n
kinderoffers	kinderoffer:n
kindoffer	kinderoffer:n
kindertehuizen	kindertehuis:n
kindertehuisje	kindertehuis:n
gillerige	gillerig:a
urinebuizen	urinebuis:n
urinebuisje	urinebuis:n
gifstoffen	gifstof:n
gifstofje	gifstof:n
smetstoffen	smetstof:n
smetstofje	smetstof:n
spongaten	spongat:n
spongaatje	spongat:n
blaasontstekingen	blaasontsteking:n
urethrale	urethraal:a
breekwaters	breekwater:n
zeebrekers	zeebreker:n
rondvaarten	rondvaart:n
rondvaartje	rondvaart:n
microbische	microbisch:a
gokkasten	gokkast:n
gokkastje	gokkast:n
rosmolens	rosmolen:n
rosoliemolens	rosoliemolen:n
oliemolens	oliemolen:n
fruitautomaten	fruitautomaat:n
rijkswegen	rijksweg:n
wegennetten	wegennet:n
wegennetje	wegennet:n
rondwegen	rondweg:n
rondweggetje	rondweg:n
ringwegen	ringweg:n
ringweggetje	ringweg:n
huileriger	huilerig:a
huilerigst	huilerig:a
huilerige	huilerig:a
huilerigere	huilerig:a
huilerigste	huilerig:a
ziektekiemen	ziektekiem:n
ziektekiempje	ziektekiem:n
hartritmestoornissen	hartritmestoornis:n
hartritmestoornisje	hartritmestoornis:n
hartritmes	hartritme:n
hartritmen	hartritme:n
postzegelverzamelaars	postzegelverzamelaar:n
postzegelverzamelaartje	postzegelverzamelaar:n
tegencoups	tegencoup:n
ritssluitingen	ritssluiting:n
ritssluitinkje	ritssluiting:n
passaatwinden	passaatwind:n
passaatwindje	passaatwind:n
dijzige	dijzig:a
travaten	travaat:n
pseudowetenschappen	pseudowetenschap:n
euthanaseer	euthanaseren:v
euthanaseerde	euthanaseren:v
euthanaseert	euthanaseren:v
euthanaseerden	euthanaseren:v
euthanaserend	euthanaseren:v
geëuthanaseerd	euthanaseren:v
travadige	travadig:a
travade	travaat:n
toiletartikelen	toiletartikel:n
toiletartikeltje	toiletartikel:n
paardenfluisteraars	paardenfluisteraar:n
paardenfluisteraartje	paardenfluisteraar:n
fluisteraars	fluisteraar:n
fluisteraartje	fluisteraar:n
komiekelingen	komiekeling:n
grappenmakers	grappenmaker:n
grappenmakertje	grappenmaker:n
zaadbanken	zaadbank:n
zaadbankje	zaadbank:n
zadenbanken	zadenbank:n
zadenbankje	zadenbank:n
fluitconcerten	fluitconcert:n
fluitconcertje	fluitconcert:n
doorkoel	doorkoelen:v
doorkoelde	doorkoelen:v
doorkoelt	doorkoelen:v
doorkoelden	doorkoelen:v
doorkoelend	doorkoelen:v
doorgekoeld	doorkoelen:v
doorkoeld	doorkoelen:v
cannabisten	cannabist:n
doodsgevaren	doodsgevaar:n
levensgevaren	levensgevaar:n
labbekakken	labbekak:n
labbekakje	labbekak:n
franciscanen	franciscaan:n
franciscaanse	franciscaans:a
franciscaners	franciscaner:n
kabelspoorwegen	kabelspoorweg:n
boerenomeletten	boerenomelet:n
boerenomeletje	boerenomelet:n
knokkelkoortsen	knokkelkoorts:n
zelfreferenties	zelfreferentie:n
strikvragen	strikvraag:n
strikvraagje	strikvraag:n
onverklaarbare	onverklaarbaar:a
naftbakken	naftbak:n
naftbakje	naftbak:n
strafrechtadvocaten	strafrechtadvocaat:n
tegenstaatsgrepen	tegenstaatsgreep:n
contracoups	contracoup:n
pathogener	pathogeen:a
pathogene	pathogeen:a
pathogenere	pathogeen:a
pathogenen	pathogeen:n
stuklonen	stukloon:n
strafadvocaten	strafadvocaat:n
strafpleiters	strafpleiter:n
klapperstenen	klappersteen:n
supercellen	supercel:n
stuwwallen	stuwwal:n
stuwwalletje	stuwwal:n
coupplegers	couppleger:n
staatsgrijpers	staatsgrijper:n
koevangers	koevanger:n
boerenzwaluwen	boerenzwaluw:n
boerenzwaluwtje	boerenzwaluw:n
uiterwaarden	uiterwaard:n
uiterwaardje	uiterwaard:n
pollenzones	pollenzone:n
wildebrassen	wildebras:n
wildebrasje	wildebras:n
jonas	jonassen:v
jonaste	jonassen:v
jonast	jonassen:v
jonasten	jonassen:v
jonassend	jonassen:v
gejonast	jonassen:v
zinsverbijsteringen	zinsverbijstering:n
aftochten	aftocht:n
kunstharsen	kunsthars:n
palfreniers	palfrenier:n
palfreniertje	palfrenier:n
rationalistischer	rationalistisch:a
rationalistische	rationalistisch:a
rationalistischere	rationalistisch:a
palefroten	palefroot:n
vleesvervangers	vleesvervanger:n
vegarestaurants	vegarestaurant:n
vegarestauranten	vegarestaurant:n
vegamenu's	vegamenu:n
cremeer	cremeren:v
cremeerde	cremeren:v
cremeert	cremeren:v
cremeerden	cremeren:v
cremerend	cremeren:v
gecremeerd	cremeren:v
lijkverbrandingen	lijkverbranding:n
lijkenverbranding	lijkverbranding:n
verassing	verrassing:n
verassingen	verassing:n
pulmonaire	pulmonair:a
grondel	grondelen:v
grondelde	grondelen:v
grondelt	grondelen:v
grondelden	grondelen:v
grondelend	grondelen:v
gegrondeld	grondelen:v
remschoenen	remschoen:n
remschoentje	remschoen:n
Venetianen	Venetiaan:n
droefgeestiger	droefgeestig:a
droefgeestigst	droefgeestig:a
droefgeestige	droefgeestig:a
droefgeestigere	droefgeestig:a
droefgeestigste	droefgeestig:a
kalktuffen	kalktuf:n
weervaster	weervast:a
weervastst	weervast:a
weervaste	weervast:a
weervastere	weervast:a
weervastste	weervast:a
venusziekten	venusziekte:n
venusziektes	venusziekte:n
blaasjeskruiden	blaasjeskruid:n
vliegenvangers	vliegenvanger:n
vliegenvangertje	vliegenvanger:n
baroeën	baroe:n
baroetje	baroe:n
modderbanken	modderbank:n
modderbankje	modderbank:n
wilskrachtiger	wilskrachtig:a
wilskrachtigst	wilskrachtig:a
wilskrachtige	wilskrachtig:a
wilskrachtigere	wilskrachtig:a
wilskrachtigste	wilskrachtig:a
woonoorden	woonoord:n
strandmeren	strandmeer:n
strandmeertje	strandmeer:n
zeestaten	zeestaat:n
zeestaatje	zeestaat:n
oliestaten	oliestaat:n
oliestaatje	oliestaat:n
devoties	devotie:n
paalwoningen	paalwoning:n
onderhoriger	onderhorig:a
onderhorigst	onderhorig:a
onderhorige	onderhorig:a
onderhorigere	onderhorig:a
onderhorigste	onderhorig:a
feodaler	feodaal:a
feodaalst	feodaal:a
feodale	feodaal:a
feodalere	feodaal:a
feodaalste	feodaal:a
beschermelingen	beschermeling:n
beschermelingetje	beschermeling:n
genotsmiddelen	genotsmiddel:n
soennieten	soenniet:n
soennitische	soennitisch:a
sjiieten	sjiiet:n
munsters	munster:n
pleitbezorgers	pleitbezorger:n
beginlettergrepen	beginlettergreep:n
toupeerkammen	toupeerkam:n
aanspreekvormen	aanspreekvorm:n
koppeltekens	koppelteken:n
Akense	Akens:a
Zimbabwanen	Zimbabwaan:n
Kosovaren	Kosovaar:n
taboewoorden	taboewoord:n
maanlanders	maanlander:n
maanlandertje	maanlander:n
schandaleuzer	schandaleus:a
schandaleust	schandaleus:a
schandaleuze	schandaleus:a
schandaleuzere	schandaleus:a
schandaleuste	schandaleus:a
seriemoorden	seriemoord:n
Vikingschepen	Vikingschip:n
landdagen	landdag:n
achilleshielen	achilleshiel:n
achilleshieltje	achilleshiel:n
wijsneuzen	wijsneus:n
wijsneusje	wijsneus:n
dezes	deze:t
dezer	deze:t
afritsbroeken	afritsbroek:n
omzichtigs	omzichtig:a
uitleid	uitleiden:v
uitleidde	uitleiden:v
uitleidt	uitleiden:v
uitleidden	uitleiden:v
uitleidend	uitleiden:v
uitgeleid	uitleiden:v
belangstel	belangstellen:n
belangstelde	belangstellen:n
belangstelt	belangstellen:n
belangstelden	belangstellen:n
belangstellend	belangstellen:n
belanggesteld	belangstellen:n
achterstalliger	achterstallig:a
achterstalligst	achterstallig:a
achterstallige	achterstallig:a
achterstalligere	achterstallig:a
achterstalligste	achterstallig:a
goedhartiger	goedhartig:a
goedhartigst	goedhartig:a
goedhartige	goedhartig:a
goedhartigere	goedhartig:a
goedhartigste	goedhartig:a
opoffer	opofferen:v
opofferde	opofferen:v
opoffert	opofferen:v
opofferden	opofferen:v
opofferend	opofferen:v
opgeofferd	opofferen:v
koddiger	koddig:a
koddigst	koddig:a
koddige	koddig:a
koddigere	koddig:a
koddigste	koddig:a
zondig	zondigen:v
zondigde	zondigen:v
zondigt	zondigen:v
zondigden	zondigen:v
zondigend	zondigen:v
gezondigd	zondigen:v
nasporingen	nasporing:n
heirbanen	heirbaan:n
evenredigheden	evenredigheid:n
vermakelijkheden	vermakelijkheid:n
geestigheden	geestigheid:n
geestigheidje	geestigheid:n
erfelijkheden	erfelijkheid:n
eerbaarder	eerbaar:a
eerbaarst	eerbaar:a
eerbare	eerbaar:a
eerbaardere	eerbaar:a
eerbaarste	eerbaar:a
deftigheden	deftigheid:n
bezadigder	bezadigd:a
bezadigdst	bezadigd:a
bezadigde	bezadigd:a
bezadigdere	bezadigd:a
bezadigdste	bezadigd:a
bevalligheden	bevalligheid:n
baldadigheden	baldadigheid:n
baldadigheidje	baldadigheid:n
aanhankelijker	aanhankelijk:a
aanhankelijkst	aanhankelijk:a
aanhankelijke	aanhankelijk:a
aanhankelijkere	aanhankelijk:a
aanhankelijkste	aanhankelijk:a
aanhankelijkheden	aanhankelijkheid:n
hebbelijker	hebbelijk:a
hebbelijkst	hebbelijk:a
hebbelijke	hebbelijk:a
hebbelijkere	hebbelijk:a
hebbelijkste	hebbelijk:a
hebbelijkheden	hebbelijkheid:n
hebbelijkheidje	hebbelijkheid:n
hartelijkheden	hartelijkheid:n
gemeenzaamheden	gemeenzaamheid:n
schroomvalliger	schroomvallig:a
schroomvalligst	schroomvallig:a
schroomvallige	schroomvallig:a
schroomvalligere	schroomvallig:a
schroomvalligste	schroomvallig:a
scherpzinnigheden	scherpzinnigheid:n
preutsheden	preutsheid:n
overgevoeliger	overgevoelig:a
overgevoeligst	overgevoelig:a
overgevoelige	overgevoelig:a
overgevoeligere	overgevoelig:a
overgevoeligste	overgevoelig:a
overgevoeligheden	overgevoeligheid:n
onzedelijker	onzedelijk:a
onzedelijkst	onzedelijk:a
onzedelijke	onzedelijk:a
onzedelijkere	onzedelijk:a
onzedelijkste	onzedelijk:a
onzedelijkheden	onzedelijkheid:n
koddigheden	koddigheid:n
kiesheden	kiesheid:n
hoffelijkheden	hoffelijkheid:n
hoffelijkheidje	hoffelijkheid:n
ongerijmder	ongerijmd:a
ongerijmdst	ongerijmd:a
ongerijmde	ongerijmd:a
ongerijmdere	ongerijmd:a
ongerijmdste	ongerijmd:a
ongerijmdheden	ongerijmdheid:n
zorgeloosheden	zorgeloosheid:n
zorgeloosheidje	zorgeloosheid:n
welsprekender	welsprekend:a
welsprekendst	welsprekend:a
welsprekende	welsprekend:a
welsprekendere	welsprekend:a
welsprekendste	welsprekend:a
vuiligheden	vuiligheid:n
vuiligheidje	vuiligheid:n
vlugheden	vlugheid:n
viesheden	viesheid:n
afzetterijen	afzetterij:n
afzetterijtje	afzetterij:n
oplichterijen	oplichterij:n
oplichterijtje	oplichterij:n
wanverhoudingen	wanverhouding:n
sjmoes	smoes:n
sjmoezen	smoezen:v
erewoorden	erewoord:n
vooizen	voois:n
vooisje	voois:n
thuisvaarders	thuisvaarder:n
overwerk	overwerken:v
overwerkte	overwerken:v
overwerkt	overwerken:v
overwerkten	overwerken:v
overwerkend	overwerken:v
overgewerkt	overwerken:v
gekkinnen	gekkin:n
gekkinnetje	gekkin:n
zottinnen	zottin:n
zottinnetje	zottin:n
smurf	smurfen:v
smurfte	smurfen:v
smurft	smurfen:v
smurften	smurfen:v
smurfend	smurfen:v
gesmurft	smurfen:v
oberinnen	oberin:n
oberinnetje	oberin:n
zeemeermannen	zeemeerman:n
zeemeermannetje	zeemeerman:n
moraliseer	moraliseren:v
moraliseerde	moraliseren:v
moraliseert	moraliseren:v
moraliseerden	moraliseren:v
moraliserend	moraliseren:v
gemoraliseerd	moraliseren:v
gemalinnetje	gemalin:n
markiezinnen	markiezin:n
markiezinnetje	markiezin:n
eega's	eega:n
eegaatje	eega:n
stoethaspels	stoethaspel:n
stoethaspeltje	stoethaspel:n
taalbonden	taalbond:n
landverhuis	landverhuizen:v
landverhuisde	landverhuizen:v
landverhuist	landverhuizen:v
landverhuisden	landverhuizen:v
landverhuizend	landverhuizen:v
landverhuisd	landverhuizen:v
landverhuizingen	landverhuizing:n
elvin	elfin:n
elfenbanken	elfenbank:n
elfenbankje	elfenbank:n
dagteken	dagtekenen:v
dagtekende	dagtekenen:v
dagtekent	dagtekenen:v
dagtekenden	dagtekenen:v
dagtekenend	dagtekenen:v
gedagtekend	dagtekenen:v
vooien	vooi:n
landzaten	landzaat:n
ijzervarkens	ijzervarken:n
kloekmoediger	kloekmoedig:a
kloekmoedigst	kloekmoedig:a
kloekmoedige	kloekmoedig:a
kloekmoedigere	kloekmoedig:a
kloekmoedigste	kloekmoedig:a
hondsdagen	hondsdag:n
zienswaardiger	zienswaardig:a
zienswaardigst	zienswaardig:a
zienswaardige	zienswaardig:a
zienswaardigere	zienswaardig:a
zienswaardigste	zienswaardig:a
zienswaardigheden	zienswaardigheid:n
vuistbijlen	vuistbijl:n
vuistbijltje	vuistbijl:n
jouws	jouw:t|jij:r
uws	uw:t|u:r
zijns	zijn:t|hij:r
nabuurlijke	nabuurlijk:a
maanlandingen	maanlanding:n
spreeuwenkisten	spreeuwenkist:n
aanbetrouw	aanbetrouwen:v
aanbetrouwde	aanbetrouwen:v
aanbetrouwt	aanbetrouwen:v
aanbetrouwden	aanbetrouwen:v
aanbetrouwend	aanbetrouwen:v
aanbetrouwd	aanbetrouwen:v
kluns	klunzen:v
klunsde	klunzen:v
klunst	klunzen:v
klunsden	klunzen:v
klunzend	klunzen:v
geklunsd	klunzen:v
beurtlieden	beurtman:n
beurtlui	beurtman:n
beurtmannen	beurtman:n
beurtschepen	beurtschip:n
beurtscheepje	beurtschip:n
blauwbokken	blauwbok:n
blauwbokje	blauwbok:n
blokhuizen	blokhuis:n
blokhuisje	blokhuis:n
schoeljes	schoelje:n
vogelkenners	vogelkenner:n
ravelijnen	ravelijn:n
ravelijntje	ravelijn:n
legerofficieren	legerofficier:n
legerofficiers	legerofficier:n
doornatte	doornat:a
irriteer	irriteren:v
irriteerde	irriteren:v
irriteert	irriteren:v
irriteerden	irriteren:v
irriterend	irriteren:v
geïrriteerd	irriteren:v
verzand	verzanden:v
verzandde	verzanden:v
verzandt	verzanden:v
verzandden	verzanden:v
verzandend	verzanden:v
kieviet	kievit:n
kievitseieren	kievitsei:n
kievitseitje	kievitsei:n
kievietsei	kievitsei:n
brandzalven	brandzalf:n
surfplanken	surfplank:n
surfplankje	surfplank:n
legionairsbacteriën	legionairsbacterie:n
afmergel	afmergelen:v
afmergelde	afmergelen:v
afmergelt	afmergelen:v
afmergelden	afmergelen:v
afmergelend	afmergelen:v
afgemergeld	afmergelen:v
uitmergel	uitmergelen:v
uitmergelde	uitmergelen:v
uitmergelt	uitmergelen:v
uitmergelden	uitmergelen:v
uitmergelend	uitmergelen:v
uitgemergeld	uitmergelen:v
vergiettesten	vergiettest:n
leucotomie	leukotomie:n
doolwegen	doolweg:n
steenwortels	steenwortel:n
eikvarens	eikvaren:n
eikvarentje	eikvaren:n
buitenmoeders	buitenmoeder:n
aperijen	aperij:n
aperijtje	aperij:n
ankerplaatsen	ankerplaats:n
ankerplaatsje	ankerplaats:n
cd-roms	cd-rom:n
cd-rommetje	cd-rom:n
dadelvruchten	dadelvrucht:n
bruigom	bruidegom:n
gleufdieren	gleufdier:n
gleufdiertje	gleufdier:n
immuuncomplexen	immuuncomplex:n
productieketens	productieketen:n
dactylische	dactylisch:a
anapestische	anapestisch:a
amfibrachen	amfibrachys:n
amfibrachische	amfibrachisch:a
ijsreuzen	ijsreus:n
woudreuzen	woudreus:n
rijpreuzen	rijpreus:n
rijmreuzen	rijmreus:n
vorstreuzen	vorstreus:n
Hottentottinnen	Hottentottin:n
dorpsscholen	dorpsschool:n
dorpsschooltje	dorpsschool:n
Chinezinnen	Chinezin:n
meeneemchinezen	meeneemchinees:n
boudelingen	boudeling:n
brandschades	brandschade:n
rotszwaluwen	rotszwaluw:n
steppearenden	steppearend:n
steppearendje	steppearend:n
ooggetuigen	ooggetuige:n
ooggetuigetje	ooggetuige:n
22ste	tweeëntwintigste:a
22e	tweeëntwintigste:a
30e	dertigste:a
30ste	dertigste:a
hakkel	hakkelen:v
hakkelde	hakkelen:v
hakkelt	hakkelen:v
hakkelden	hakkelen:v
hakkelend	hakkelen:v
gehakkeld	hakkelen:v
hitparades	hitparade:n
pantoffelparades	pantoffelparade:n
reageerbuizen	reageerbuis:n
reageerbuisje	reageerbuis:n
pafzakken	pafzak:n
vierdaagse	vierdaags:a
vierdaagsen	vierdaagse:n
vierdaagses	vierdaagse:n
kuitenparades	kuitenparade:n
paradepaarden	paradepaard:n
paradepaardje	paradepaard:n
takelages	takelage:n
aanstof	aanstoffen:v
aanstofte	aanstoffen:v
aanstoft	aanstoffen:v
aanstoften	aanstoffen:v
aanstoffend	aanstoffen:v
aangestoft	aanstoffen:v
woekerhypotheken	woekerhypotheek:n
bijbelhaken	bijbelhaak:n
bultzakken	bultzak:n
bultzakje	bultzak:n
tintinofielen	tintinofiel:n
offeraars	offeraar:n
offeraren	offeraar:n
tegenwinden	tegenwind:n
tegenwindje	tegenwind:n
rugwinden	rugwind:n
rugwindje	rugwind:n
aftroon	aftronen:v
aftroonde	aftronen:v
aftroont	aftronen:v
aftroonden	aftronen:v
aftronend	aftronen:v
afgetroond	aftronen:v
barbiersters	barbierster:n
stippelmotten	stippelmot:n
stippelmotje	stippelmot:n
korfballen	korfbal:n
korfbal	korfballen:v
korfbalde	korfballen:v
korfbalt	korfballen:v
korfbalden	korfballen:v
korfballend	korfballen:v
gekorfbald	korfballen:v
stressballen	stressbal:n
stressballetje	stressbal:n
zijpaden	zijpad:n
zijpaadje	zijpad:n
dagregisters	dagregister:n
blauwborsten	blauwborst:n
blauwborstje	blauwborst:n
asfaltwegen	asfaltweg:n
asfaltweggetje	asfaltweg:n
asfalteer	asfalteren:v
asfalteerde	asfalteren:v
asfalteert	asfalteren:v
asfalteerden	asfalteren:v
asfalterend	asfalteren:v
geasfalteerd	asfalteren:v
assurantiën	assurantie:n
assuranties	assurantie:n
blasphemisch	blasfemisch:a
blasfematorische	blasfematorisch:a
doorscheur	doorscheuren:v
doorscheurde	doorscheuren:v
doorscheurt	doorscheuren:v
doorscheurden	doorscheuren:v
doorscheurend	doorscheuren:v
doorgescheurd	doorscheuren:v
justitiabele	justitiabel:a
broodnodige	broodnodig:a
doodstrijden	doodstrijd:n
doodsstrijd	doodstrijd:n
pioenen	pioen:n
eerherstellen	eerherstel:n
cisvrouwen	cisvrouw:n
evenmensen	evenmens:n
braakwijnen	braakwijn:n
gezindten	gezindte:n
gezindtes	gezindte:n
Neanderthaler	neanderthaler:n
motorvoertuigen	motorvoertuig:n
motorvoertuigje	motorvoertuig:n
buitenboords	buitenboord:n
buitenboorden	buitenboord:n
transmensen	transmens:n
transpersonen	transpersoon:n
oenemeloenen	oenemeloen:n
wegwerpluiers	wegwerpluier:n
wegwerpluiertje	wegwerpluier:n
pandjesjassen	pandjesjas:n
pandjesjasje	pandjesjas:n
boeverijen	boeverij:n
afgooi	afgooien:v
afgooide	afgooien:v
afgooit	afgooien:v
afgooiden	afgooien:v
afgooiend	afgooien:v
afgegooid	afgooien:v
koopjesjagers	koopjesjager:n
jaagsters	jaagster:n
straaljagers	straaljager:n
straaljagertje	straaljager:n
straalmotoren	straalmotor:n
straalmotortje	straalmotor:n
motoriseer	motoriseren:v
motoriseerde	motoriseren:v
motoriseert	motoriseren:v
motoriseerden	motoriseren:v
motoriserend	motoriseren:v
gemotoriseerd	motoriseren:v
oliebaronnen	oliebaron:n
bloedbroeders	bloedbroeder:n
kassuccessen	kassucces:n
voorsten	voorste:n
dwarsliggers	dwarsligger:n
dwarsliggertje	dwarsligger:n
zandstraal	zandstralen:v
zandstraalde	zandstralen:v
zandstraalt	zandstralen:v
zandstraalden	zandstralen:v
zandstralend	zandstralen:v
gezandstraald	zandstralen:v
afspit	afspitten:v
afspitte	afspitten:v
afspittend	afspitten:v
afgespit	afspitten:v
beenbreuken	beenbreuk:n
beenbreukje	beenbreuk:n
lul-de-behangers	lul-de-behanger:n
behangers	behanger:n
behangertje	behanger:n
assuradeurs	assuradeur:n
assuradeuren	assuradeur:n
dorpspriesters	dorpspriester:n
dorpsgeestelijken	dorpsgeestelijke:n
karaktermoorden	karaktermoord:n
groothoeklenzen	groothoeklens:n
groothoeklensje	groothoeklens:n
stroomstoten	stroomstoot:n
stroomstootje	stroomstoot:n
fasciaties	fasciatie:n
zeedijken	zeedijk:n
zeedijkje	zeedijk:n
damastbloemen	damastbloem:n
afstel	afstellen:v
afstelde	afstellen:v
afstelt	afstellen:v
afstelden	afstellen:v
afstellend	afstellen:v
afgesteld	afstellen:v
christologieën	christologie:n
aandoenlijker	aandoenlijk:a
aandoenlijkst	aandoenlijk:a
aandoenlijke	aandoenlijk:a
aandoenlijkere	aandoenlijk:a
aandoenlijkste	aandoenlijk:a
Hadewijch	Hadewig:m
schoenbekooievaars	schoenbekooievaar:n
boerendeuren	boerendeur:n
boerendeurtje	boerendeur:n
zoölogische	zoölogisch:a
Galaten	Galaat:n
Iberiërs	Iberiër:n
liefhebber	liefhebberen:v
liefhebberde	liefhebberen:v
liefhebbert	liefhebberen:v
liefhebberden	liefhebberen:v
liefhebberend	liefhebberen:v
geliefhebberd	liefhebberen:v
knetterstonede	knetterstoned:a
kuier	kuieren:v
kuierde	kuieren:v
kuiert	kuieren:v
kuierden	kuieren:v
kuierend	kuieren:v
gekuierd	kuieren:v
fijnproevers	fijnproever:n
fijnproevertje	fijnproever:n
mondstukken	mondstuk:n
mondstukje	mondstuk:n
mensenrechtenschendingen	mensenrechtenschending:n
mensenrechtenschendinkje	mensenrechtenschending:n
uitdraai	uitdraaien:v
uitdraaide	uitdraaien:v
uitdraait	uitdraaien:v
uitdraaiden	uitdraaien:v
uitdraaiend	uitdraaien:v
uitgedraaid	uitdraaien:v
doodsklokken	doodsklok:n
doodsklokje	doodsklok:n
doodklok	doodsklok:n
berichtgevingen	berichtgeving:n
Vulgair-Latijns	vulgair-Latijns:a
bemoedigingen	bemoediging:n
doorkoude	doorkoud:a
cijfermeesters	cijfermeester:n
dampkogels	dampkogel:n
zigzag	zigzaggen:v
zigzagde	zigzaggen:v
zigzagt	zigzaggen:v
zigzagden	zigzaggen:v
zigzaggend	zigzaggen:v
gezigzagd	zigzaggen:v
bijlvechters	bijlvechter:n
haarspelden	haarspeld:n
haarspeldje	haarspeld:n
haarnaalden	haarnaald:n
haarnaaldje	haarnaald:n
haarspeldbochten	haarspeldbocht:n
buurmeisjes	buurmeisje:n
aanspeld	aanspelden:v
aanspeldde	aanspelden:v
aanspeldt	aanspelden:v
aanspeldden	aanspelden:v
aanspeldend	aanspelden:v
aangespeld	aanspelden:v
koraaldieren	koraaldier:n
koraaldiertje	koraaldier:n
tangconstructies	tangconstructie:n
normaalkrachten	normaalkracht:n
normaalkrachtje	normaalkracht:n
strijdkrachten	strijdkracht:n
zijder	zijd:a
zijdst	zijd:a
zelfverminkingen	zelfverminking:n
loeders	loeder:n
loedertje	loeder:n
indruis	indruisen:v
indruiste	indruisen:v
indruist	indruisen:v
indruisten	indruisen:v
indruisend	indruisen:v
ingedruist	indruisen:v
hoerhuis	hoerenhuis:n
betovergrootmoeders	betovergrootmoeder:n
betovergrootvaders	betovergrootvader:n
kwartierdragers	kwartierdrager:n
kwartierstaten	kwartierstaat:n
kwartierstaatje	kwartierstaat:n
probeersels	probeersel:n
probeerselen	probeersel:n
probeerseltje	probeersel:n
smeersels	smeersel:n
smeerselen	smeersel:n
smeerseltje	smeersel:n
digrafen	digraaf:n
ligaturen	ligatuur:n
ligatuurtje	ligatuur:n
jachtseizoenen	jachtseizoen:n
pleegzusters	pleegzuster:n
pleegzustertje	pleegzuster:n
kasplanten	kasplant:n
kasplantje	kasplant:n
peuterspeelzalen	peuterspeelzaal:n
peuterspeelzaaltje	peuterspeelzaal:n
dwarsboom	dwarsbomen:v
dwarsboomde	dwarsbomen:v
dwarsboomt	dwarsbomen:v
dwarsboomden	dwarsbomen:v
dwarsbomend	dwarsbomen:v
gedwarsboomd	dwarsbomen:v
boekbeschouwers	boekbeschouwer:n
bedillers	bediller:n
uurlonen	uurloon:n
uurloontje	uurloon:n
dienstknechten	dienstknecht:n
dienstknechtje	dienstknecht:n
naweeën	nawee:n
contemporaire	contemporair:a
schizofrenen	schizofreen:n
schizofrener	schizofreen:a
schizofreenst	schizofreen:a
schizofrene	schizofreen:a
schizofrenere	schizofreen:a
schizofreenste	schizofreen:a
neerlandica's	neerlandica:n
neerlandicae	neerlandica:n
zonnepanelen	zonnepaneel:n
zonnepaneeltje	zonnepaneel:n
verdachtmakingen	verdachtmaking:n
kouw	kooi:n
teennagels	teennagel:n
teennageltje	teennagel:n
hoogheemraadschappen	hoogheemraadschap:n
jo-jo	jojo:n
schoenmaten	schoenmaat:n
schoenmaatje	schoenmaat:n
doorwegen	doorweg:n
doorweggetje	doorweg:n
snoeimessen	snoeimes:n
snoeimesje	snoeimes:n
tuinvrouwen	tuinvrouw:n
tuinvrouwtje	tuinvrouw:n
verwachtingswaarden	verwachtingswaarde:n
klompendansen	klompendans:n
klompendansje	klompendans:n
klompendans	klompendansen:v
klompendanste	klompendansen:v
klompendanst	klompendansen:v
klompendansten	klompendansen:v
klompendansend	klompendansen:v
geklompendanst	klompendansen:v
peuken	peuk:n
peukje	peuk:n
peukie	peuk:n
borstkankers	borstkanker:n
longkankers	longkanker:n
darmkankers	darmkanker:n
kankerkinderen	kankerkind:n
kankerkindje	kankerkind:n
zorgpremies	zorgpremie:n
energietransities	energietransitie:n
afkerf	afkerven:v
afkerfde	afkerven:v
afkerft	afkerven:v
afkerfden	afkerven:v
afkervend	afkerven:v
afgekerfd	afkerven:v
afkorf	afkerven:v
afkorven	afkerven:v
afgekorven	afkerven:v
biechtelingen	biechteling:n
zwaarlijviger	zwaarlijvig:a
zwaarlijvigst	zwaarlijvig:a
zwaarlijvige	zwaarlijvig:a
zwaarlijvigere	zwaarlijvig:a
zwaarlijvigste	zwaarlijvig:a
opperrabbi's	opperrabbi:n
munitieschepen	munitieschip:n
granaatwerpers	granaatwerper:n
granaatwerpertje	granaatwerper:n
speedboten	speedboot:n
speedbootje	speedboot:n
kiellinies	kiellinie:n
schietgebeden	schietgebed:n
schietgebedje	schietgebed:n
schietgebedeken	schietgebed:n
Haarlemse	Haarlems:a
bitterkoeken	bitterkoek:n
bitterkoekje	bitterkoek:n
dijkdoorbraken	dijkdoorbraak:n
dijkdoorbraakje	dijkdoorbraak:n
onnutter	onnut:a
onnutst	onnut:a
onnutte	onnut:a
onnuttere	onnut:a
onnutste	onnut:a
dikbladige	dikbladig:a
ligstoelen	ligstoel:n
ligstoeltje	ligstoel:n
postkaarten	postkaart:n
postkaartje	postkaart:n
stoeltjesliften	stoeltjeslift:n
stoeltjesliftje	stoeltjeslift:n
openmaak	openmaken:v
openmaakte	openmaken:v
openmaakt	openmaken:v
openmaakten	openmaken:v
openmakend	openmaken:v
opengemaakt	openmaken:v
autostoelen	autostoel:n
autostoeltje	autostoel:n
strandstoelen	strandstoel:n
strandstoeltje	strandstoel:n
zetelliften	zetellift:n
zetelliftje	zetellift:n
toegangsgelden	toegangsgeld:n
toegangskaarten	toegangskaart:n
toegangskaartje	toegangskaart:n
baadjes	baadje:n
onderonsjes	onderonsje:n
ijspegels	ijspegel:n
ijspegeltje	ijspegel:n
wolkendekken	wolkendek:n
skateboard	skateboarden:v
skateboardde	skateboarden:v
skateboardt	skateboarden:v
skateboardden	skateboarden:v
skateboardend	skateboarden:v
geskateboard	skateboarden:v
driehoeksmetingen	driehoeksmeting:n
unheimische	unheimisch:a
goelings	goeling:n
goelinkje	goeling:n
rolkussens	rolkussen:n
rolkussentje	rolkussen:n
klappernoten	klappernoot:n
klappernootje	klappernoot:n
pashokken	pashok:n
pashokje	pashok:n
Volkslatijnse	Volkslatijns:a
kraaghagedissen	kraaghagedis:n
manchetknopen	manchetknoop:n
manchetknoopje	manchetknoop:n
confectiepakken	confectiepak:n
confectiepakje	confectiepak:n
maatpakken	maatpak:n
maatpakje	maatpak:n
ochtendjassen	ochtendjas:n
ochtendjasje	ochtendjas:n
kamerjassen	kamerjas:n
kamerjasje	kamerjas:n
overjassen	overjas:n
overjasje	overjas:n
onderrokken	onderrok:n
onderrokje	onderrok:n
onderjurken	onderjurk:n
onderjurkje	onderjurk:n
netkousen	netkous:n
netkousje	netkous:n
ouderparen	ouderpaar:n
ouderpaartje	ouderpaar:n
schoenveters	schoenveter:n
schoenvetertje	schoenveter:n
nylonkousen	nylonkous:n
nylonkousje	nylonkous:n
kniekousen	kniekous:n
kniekousje	kniekous:n
halfedelstenen	halfedelsteen:n
halfedelsteentje	halfedelsteen:n
haarbanden	haarband:n
haarbandje	haarband:n
voorgeslachten	voorgeslacht:n
rolmodellen	rolmodel:n
gasbellen	gasbel:n
gasbelletje	gasbel:n
omhak	omhakken:v
omhakte	omhakken:v
omhakt	omhakken:v
omhakten	omhakken:v
omhakkend	omhakken:v
omgehakt	omhakken:v
kwikzanden	kwikzand:n
kwikzandje	kwikzand:n
bemoeilijk	bemoeilijken:v
bemoeilijkte	bemoeilijken:v
bemoeilijkt	bemoeilijken:v
bemoeilijkten	bemoeilijken:v
bemoeilijkend	bemoeilijken:v
65-plussers	65-plusser:n
speentje	speen:n
babypoeders	babypoeder:n
babypoedertje	babypoeder:n
koolwitjes	koolwitje:n
kleuterleidsters	kleuterleidster:n
kleuterleidstertje	kleuterleidster:n
krenteriger	krenterig:a
krenterigst	krenterig:a
krenterige	krenterig:a
krenterigere	krenterig:a
krenterigste	krenterig:a
spataderen	spatader:n
spataders	spatader:n
spatadertje	spatader:n
vuilnismannen	vuilnisman:n
vuilnismannetje	vuilnisman:n
straalvliegtuigen	straalvliegtuig:n
straalvliegtuigje	straalvliegtuig:n
gradueler	gradueel:a
gradueelst	gradueel:a
graduele	gradueel:a
graduelere	gradueel:a
gradueelste	gradueel:a
nachttemperaturen	nachttemperatuur:n
regenwolken	regenwolk:n
regenwolkje	regenwolk:n
middagtemperaturen	middagtemperatuur:n
bolbliksems	bolbliksem:n
lauwwarmer	lauwwarm:a
lauwwarmst	lauwwarm:a
lauwwarme	lauwwarm:a
lauwwarmere	lauwwarm:a
lauwwarmste	lauwwarm:a
wisselvalliger	wisselvallig:a
wisselvalligst	wisselvallig:a
wisselvallige	wisselvallig:a
wisselvalligere	wisselvallig:a
wisselvalligste	wisselvallig:a
serveerders	serveerder:n
serveerdertje	serveerder:n
automonteurs	automonteur:n
automonteurtje	automonteur:n
typistes	typiste:n
pleegvaders	pleegvader:n
gezagvoerders	gezagvoerder:n
invalidentoiletten	invalidentoilet:n
petflessen	petfles:n
petflesje	petfles:n
achternichten	achternicht:n
achternichtje	achternicht:n
ruws	ruw:a
ruwers	ruw:a
landsgrenzen	landsgrens:n
pijpers	pijper:n
wisselgebitten	wisselgebit:n
wisselgebitje	wisselgebit:n
pasfoto's	pasfoto:n
pasfotootje	pasfoto:n
melktanden	melktand:n
melktandje	melktand:n
ziekenzalen	ziekenzaal:n
ziekenzaaltje	ziekenzaal:n
piepstemmen	piepstem:n
piepstemmetje	piepstem:n
poliklinieken	polikliniek:n
polikliniekje	polikliniek:n
pijnvrijer	pijnvrij:a
pijnvrijst	pijnvrij:a
pijnvrije	pijnvrij:a
pijnvrijere	pijnvrij:a
pijnvrijste	pijnvrij:a
pijnvrijs	pijnvrij:a
pijnvrijers	pijnvrij:a
pijnlozers	pijnloos:a
pijnlijks	pijnlijk:a
pijnlijkers	pijnlijk:a
grijpstuivers	grijpstuiver:n
grijpstuivertje	grijpstuiver:n
sport-bh's	sport-bh:n
sportbeha	sport-bh:n
wandkaarten	wandkaart:n
wandkaartje	wandkaart:n
klaslokalen	klaslokaal:n
klaslokaaltje	klaslokaal:n
syntactische	syntactisch:a
voetnoten	voetnoot:n
voetnootje	voetnoot:n
zwerfkeien	zwerfkei:n
zwerfstenen	zwerfsteen:n
loonsverhogingen	loonsverhoging:n
loonsverhoginkje	loonsverhoging:n
werkbaarder	werkbaar:a
werkbaarst	werkbaar:a
werkbare	werkbaar:a
werkbaardere	werkbaar:a
werkbaarste	werkbaar:a
lijnvluchten	lijnvlucht:n
lijnvluchtje	lijnvlucht:n
bijbanen	bijbaan:n
bijbaantje	bijbaan:n
vakverbonden	vakverbond:n
kantoorbedienden	kantoorbediende:n
kantoorbediendes	kantoorbediende:n
arbeidersklassen	arbeidersklasse:n
postbezorgers	postbezorger:n
bezorgers	bezorger:n
landgrens	landsgrens:n
landgrenzen	landgrens:n
elektriciens	elektricien:n
tekenares	tekenaar:n
pijlpunten	pijlpunt:n
pijlpuntje	pijlpunt:n
pijlinktvissen	pijlinktvis:n
pijlinktvisje	pijlinktvis:n
reuzeninktvissen	reuzeninktvis:n
reuzeninktvisje	reuzeninktvis:n
pijpenla's	pijpenla:n
pijpenlaatje	pijpenla:n
herenkappers	herenkapper:n
dameskappers	dameskapper:n
bibliothecaressen	bibliothecaresse:n
bibliothecaresses	bibliothecaresse:n
vertegenwoordigsters	vertegenwoordigster:n
vertegenwoordigstertje	vertegenwoordigster:n
autohandelaren	autohandelaar:n
autohandelaars	autohandelaar:n
verkoopsters	verkoopster:n
verkoopstertje	verkoopster:n
reisagenten	reisagent:n
pikzwarts	pikzwart:a
pikzwarters	pikzwart:a
schapenkazen	schapenkaas:n
schapenkaasje	schapenkaas:n
kwarktaarten	kwarktaart:n
kwarktaartje	kwarktaart:n
pinautomaten	pinautomaat:n
pinautomaatje	pinautomaat:n
nummerborden	nummerbord:n
nummerbordje	nummerbord:n
drukwerkje	drukwerk:n
vrijgezellenfeesten	vrijgezellenfeest:n
vrijgezellenfeestje	vrijgezellenfeest:n
inbreek	inbreken:v
inbrak	inbreken:v
inbreekt	inbreken:v
inbrekend	inbreken:v
ingebroken	inbreken:v
legaten	legaat:n
legaatje	legaat:n
homobars	homobar:n
afschroef	afschroeven:v
afschroefde	afschroeven:v
afschroeft	afschroeven:v
afschroefden	afschroeven:v
afschroevend	afschroeven:v
afgeschroefd	afschroeven:v
bijvoegsels	bijvoegsel:n
bijvoegseltje	bijvoegsel:n
diakones	diacones:n
diagonaler	diagonaal:a
diagonaalst	diagonaal:a
diagonale	diagonaal:a
diagonalere	diagonaal:a
diagonaalste	diagonaal:a
diagonaaltje	diagonaal:n
pincodes	pincode:n
pincodetje	pincode:n
cynici	cynicus:n
push	pushen:v
pushte	pushen:v
pusht	pushen:v
pushten	pushen:v
pushend	pushen:v
gepusht	pushen:v
tos	tossen:v
toste	tossen:v
tost	tossen:v
tosten	tossen:v
tossend	tossen:v
getost	tossen:v
dienstwapens	dienstwapen:n
kwibussen	kwibus:n
kwibusje	kwibus:n
gezinsleden	gezinslid:n
dochtertalen	dochtertaal:n
manwijven	manwijf:n
schoonouders	schoonouder:n
bejaardenhuizen	bejaardenhuis:n
bejaardenhuisje	bejaardenhuis:n
wangzakken	wangzak:n
wangzakje	wangzak:n
opiniestukken	opiniestuk:n
opiniestukje	opiniestuk:n
damesbladen	damesblad:n
damesblaadje	damesblad:n
doperwten	doperwt:n
doperwtje	doperwt:n
snertventen	snertvent:n
snertventje	snertvent:n
banjer	banjeren:v
banjerde	banjeren:v
banjert	banjeren:v
banjerden	banjeren:v
banjerend	banjeren:v
gebanjerd	banjeren:v
banjers	banjer:n
knoeperds	knoeperd:n
frikandelbroodjes	frikandelbroodje:n
banjerheren	banjerheer:n
keelpijnen	keelpijn:n
keelpijntje	keelpijn:n
monobrauwen	monobrauw:n
tactici	tacticus:n
maaltanden	maaltand:n
maaltandje	maaltand:n
naaktlopers	naaktloper:n
naaktlopertje	naaktloper:n
e-sigaretten	e-sigaret:n
e-sigaretje	e-sigaret:n
kroonkranen	kroonkraan:n
nicotinekauwgoms	nicotinekauwgom:n
nicotinepleisters	nicotinepleister:n
jeugdpuisten	jeugdpuist:n
jeugdpuistje	jeugdpuist:n
mee-eters	mee-eter:n
mee-etertje	mee-eter:n
zomersproeten	zomersproet:n
zomersproetje	zomersproet:n
vromers	vroom:a
kunstnieren	kunstnier:n
zigeunerinnen	zigeunerin:n
zigeunerinnetje	zigeunerin:n
vrouwenquota	vrouwenquotum:n
dijenkletsers	dijenkletser:n
dijenkletsertje	dijenkletser:n
halvezolen	halvezool:n
halvezooltje	halvezool:n
krulspelden	krulspeld:n
krulspeldje	krulspeld:n
klimaatstakingen	klimaatstaking:n
rinkel	rinkelen:v
rinkelde	rinkelen:v
rinkelt	rinkelen:v
rinkelden	rinkelen:v
rinkelend	rinkelen:v
gerinkeld	rinkelen:v
rinkels	rinkel:n
rinkeltje	rinkel:n
gotelingen	goteling:n
gehemelten	gehemelte:n
gehemeltes	gehemelte:n
borrel	borrelen:v
borrelde	borrelen:v
borrelt	borrelen:v
borrelden	borrelen:v
borrelend	borrelen:v
geborreld	borrelen:v
kef	keffen:v
kefte	keffen:v
keft	keffen:v
keften	keffen:v
keffend	keffen:v
gekeft	keffen:v
krulliger	krullig:a
krulligst	krullig:a
krullige	krullig:a
krulligere	krullig:a
krulligste	krullig:a
krulleriger	krullerig:a
krullerigst	krullerig:a
krullerige	krullerig:a
krullerigere	krullerig:a
krullerigste	krullerig:a
frons	fronsen:v
fronste	fronsen:v
fronst	fronsen:v
fronsten	fronsen:v
fronsend	fronsen:v
gefronst	fronsen:v
vingerafdrukken	vingerafdruk:n
vingerafdrukje	vingerafdruk:n
verhemelten	verhemelte:n
verhemeltes	verhemelte:n
verzorgpony's	verzorgpony:n
verzorgpony'tje	verzorgpony:n
inslik	inslikken:v
inslikte	inslikken:v
inslikt	inslikken:v
inslikten	inslikken:v
inslikkend	inslikken:v
ingeslikt	inslikken:v
rimpeliger	rimpelig:a
rimpeligst	rimpelig:a
rimpelige	rimpelig:a
rimpeligere	rimpelig:a
rimpeligste	rimpelig:a
puzzelde	puzzelen:v
puzzelt	puzzelen:v
puzzelden	puzzelen:v
puzzelend	puzzelen:v
gepuzzeld	puzzelen:v
leibanden	leiband:n
leibandje	leiband:n
interpuncties	interpunctie:n
onderbelast	onderbelasten:v
onderbelastte	onderbelasten:v
onderbelastten	onderbelasten:v
onderbelastend	onderbelasten:v
douanebeambten	douanebeambte:n
zinkloden	zinklood:n
zinkloodje	zinklood:n
afwasborstels	afwasborstel:n
afwasborsteltje	afwasborstel:n
wolfshonden	wolfshond:n
wolfshondje	wolfshond:n
koffieautomaten	koffieautomaat:n
snoeten	snoet:n
snoetje	snoet:n
hertengeweien	hertengewei:n
hertengeweitje	hertengewei:n
elandgeweien	elandgewei:n
bijstellingen	bijstelling:n
apposities	appositie:n
nevenstellingen	nevenstelling:n
preekgestoelten	preekgestoelte:n
windrichtingen	windrichting:n
bloempotkapsels	bloempotkapsel:n
bloempotkapseltje	bloempotkapsel:n
Israëlieten	Israëliet:n
Israëli's	Israëli:n
vloeitjes	vloeitje:n
vloeipapieren	vloeipapier:n
vloeipapiertje	vloeipapier:n
achterbakken	achterbak:n
hutkoffers	hutkoffer:n
hutkoffertje	hutkoffer:n
citroenpersen	citroenpers:n
citroenpersje	citroenpers:n
citruspersen	citruspers:n
citruspersje	citruspers:n
afzettingsprocedures	afzettingsprocedure:n
broedparen	broedpaar:n
broedpaartje	broedpaar:n
tomatenplanten	tomatenplant:n
tomatenplantje	tomatenplant:n
boktorren	boktor:n
boktorretje	boktor:n
verlengsnoeren	verlengsnoer:n
verlengsnoertje	verlengsnoer:n
kleurentelevisies	kleurentelevisie:n
schokbrekers	schokbreker:n
schokbrekertje	schokbreker:n
jeugdherbergen	jeugdherberg:n
draagtassen	draagtas:n
draagtasje	draagtas:n
waterdichte	waterdicht:a
waterdichtheden	waterdichtheid:n
spraakwatervallen	spraakwaterval:n
spraakwatervalletje	spraakwaterval:n
paardrijlessen	paardrijles:n
paardrijlesje	paardrijles:n
rijlessen	rijles:n
rijlesje	rijles:n
tweeverdieners	tweeverdiener:n
babbeltrucs	babbeltruc:n
kinderstoelen	kinderstoel:n
kinderstoeltje	kinderstoel:n
bespottelijker	bespottelijk:a
bespottelijkst	bespottelijk:a
bespottelijke	bespottelijk:a
bespottelijkere	bespottelijk:a
bespottelijkste	bespottelijk:a
wortelkanaalbehandelingen	wortelkanaalbehandeling:n
koeltorens	koeltoren:n
popgroepen	popgroep:n
popgroepje	popgroep:n
beyde	beide:t
skim	skimmen:v
skimde	skimmen:v
skimt	skimmen:v
skimden	skimmen:v
skimmend	skimmen:v
geskimd	skimmen:v
homorgane	homorgaan:a
loopafstanden	loopafstand:n
aardmagnetische	aardmagnetisch:a
krentenbroden	krentenbrood:n
krentenbroodje	krentenbrood:n
tomatensauzen	tomatensaus:n
tomatensausje	tomatensaus:n
dresseer	dresseren:v
dresseerde	dresseren:v
dresseert	dresseren:v
dresseerden	dresseren:v
dresserend	dresseren:v
gedresseerd	dresseren:v
postbussen	postbus:n
postbusje	postbus:n
souffleer	souffleren:v
souffleerde	souffleren:v
souffleert	souffleren:v
souffleerden	souffleren:v
soufflerend	souffleren:v
gesouffleerd	souffleren:v
diaramen	diaraam:n
diaraampje	diaraam:n
kaal	kalen:v
kaalde	kalen:v
kaalt	kalen:v
kaalden	kalen:v
kalend	kalen:v
gekaald	kalen:v
sjiitische	sjiitisch:a
agglutinaties	agglutinatie:n
spruitkolen	spruitkool:n
fipo's	fipo:n
rommelkamers	rommelkamer:n
rommelkamertje	rommelkamer:n
boekensteunen	boekensteun:n
boekensteuntje	boekensteun:n
ijsblokjes	ijsblokje:n
ijsklonten	ijsklont:n
ijsklontje	ijsklont:n
suikerklonten	suikerklont:n
ijstijden	ijstijd:n
identiteitskaarten	identiteitskaart:n
identiteitskaartje	identiteitskaart:n
impressies	impressie:n
impressietje	impressie:n
idisten	idist:n
roemrijker	roemrijk:a
roemrijkst	roemrijk:a
roemrijke	roemrijk:a
roemrijkere	roemrijk:a
roemrijkste	roemrijk:a
imiteer	imiteren:v
imiteerde	imiteren:v
imiteert	imiteren:v
imiteerden	imiteren:v
imiterend	imiteren:v
geïmiteerd	imiteren:v
agendapunten	agendapunt:n
agendapuntje	agendapunt:n
verstokter	verstokt:a
verstoktst	verstokt:a
verstokte	verstokt:a
verstoktere	verstokt:a
verstoktste	verstokt:a
introducties	introductie:n
introductietje	introductie:n
innerlijker	innerlijk:a
innerlijkst	innerlijk:a
innerlijke	innerlijk:a
innerlijkere	innerlijk:a
innerlijkste	innerlijk:a
innerlijken	innerlijk:n
intraveneuze	intraveneus:a
internetcafés	internetcafé:n
internetcafeetje	internetcafé:n
intimiteiten	intimiteit:n
Oegandezen	Oegandees:n
paraplubakken	paraplubak:n
ongeloofwaardiger	ongeloofwaardig:a
ongeloofwaardigst	ongeloofwaardig:a
ongeloofwaardige	ongeloofwaardig:a
ongeloofwaardigere	ongeloofwaardig:a
ongeloofwaardigste	ongeloofwaardig:a
onmodieuser	onmodieus:a
onmodieust	onmodieus:a
onmodieuse	onmodieus:a
onmodieusere	onmodieus:a
onmodieuste	onmodieus:a
hulpprogramma's	hulpprogramma:n
ondubbelzinniger	ondubbelzinnig:a
ondubbelzinnigst	ondubbelzinnig:a
ondubbelzinnige	ondubbelzinnig:a
ondubbelzinnigere	ondubbelzinnig:a
ondubbelzinnigste	ondubbelzinnig:a
habilitaties	habilitatie:n
taxichauffeurs	taxichauffeur:n
taxichauffeurtje	taxichauffeur:n
jachthoorns	jachthoorn:n
jachthoornen	jachthoorn:n
jachthoorntje	jachthoorn:n
kerkbesturen	kerkbestuur:n
kerkbestuurtje	kerkbestuur:n
rijksbesturen	rijksbestuur:n
rijksbestuurtje	rijksbestuur:n
stadsbesturen	stadsbestuur:n
stadsbestuurtje	stadsbestuur:n
schoolbesturen	schoolbestuur:n
schoolbestuurtje	schoolbestuur:n
recreatiebaden	recreatiebad:n
recreatiebadje	recreatiebad:n
doelgroepenbaden	doelgroepenbad:n
doelgroepenbadje	doelgroepenbad:n
buikholten	buikholte:n
buikholtes	buikholte:n
progressiever	progressief:a
progressiefst	progressief:a
progressieve	progressief:a
progressievere	progressief:a
progressiefste	progressief:a
chocoladebenen	chocoladebeen:n
programmeertalen	programmeertaal:n
programmeertaaltje	programmeertaal:n
schoolhoofden	schoolhoofd:n
kernfusies	kernfusie:n
natiestaten	natiestaat:n
natiestaatje	natiestaat:n
sleutelgaten	sleutelgat:n
sleutelgaatje	sleutelgat:n
politiestaten	politiestaat:n
politiestaatje	politiestaat:n
vrouwenversierders	vrouwenversierder:n
immoreler	immoreel:a
immoreelst	immoreel:a
immorele	immoreel:a
immorelere	immoreel:a
immoreelste	immoreel:a
moreler	moreel:a
moreelst	moreel:a
morele	moreel:a
morelere	moreel:a
moreelste	moreel:a
moreel	moraal:n
zenuwcellen	zenuwcel:n
zenuwcelletje	zenuwcel:n
destructiever	destructief:a
destructiefst	destructief:a
destructieve	destructief:a
destructievere	destructief:a
destructiefste	destructief:a
verdoemenissen	verdoemenis:n
presidentschappen	presidentschap:n
beginnelingen	beginneling:n
beginnelingetje	beginneling:n
stappentellers	stappenteller:n
intonaties	intonatie:n
duursporten	duursport:n
elasticiteitsmoduli	elasticiteitsmodulus:n
trivialer	triviaal:a
triviaalst	triviaal:a
triviale	triviaal:a
trivialere	triviaal:a
triviaalste	triviaal:a
primitiever	primitief:a
primitiefst	primitief:a
primitieve	primitief:a
primitievere	primitief:a
primitiefste	primitief:a
kernmachten	kernmacht:n
protesteer	protesteren:v
protesteerde	protesteren:v
protesteert	protesteren:v
protesteerden	protesteren:v
protesterend	protesteren:v
geprotesteerd	protesteren:v
onechte	onecht:a
predicaten	predicaat:n
parochies	parochie:n
parochiën	parochie:n
petities	petitie:n
petitietje	petitie:n
parlementaire	parlementair:a
inboorlingen	inboorling:n
inboorlingetje	inboorling:n
notaties	notatie:n
kinderliederen	kinderlied:n
kinderliedje	kinderlied:n
briefkaarten	briefkaart:n
briefkaartje	briefkaart:n
stofwolken	stofwolk:n
stofwolkje	stofwolk:n
zenuwgassen	zenuwgas:n
projectielen	projectiel:n
projectieltje	projectiel:n
meerwaarden	meerwaarde:n
meerwaardes	meerwaarde:n
prinselijke	prinselijk:a
schoepen	schoep:n
partitieve	partitief:a
partitieven	partitief:n
natuurtalenten	natuurtalent:n
natuurtalentje	natuurtalent:n
nachtwakers	nachtwaker:n
fonemische	fonemisch:a
rekwisieten	rekwisiet:n
purpers	purper:n
purpere	purper:a
schuurmiddelen	schuurmiddel:n
doggybags	doggybag:n
paniekaanvallen	paniekaanval:n
paniekaanvalletje	paniekaanval:n
teraardebestellingen	teraardebestelling:n
vrediger	vredig:a
vredigst	vredig:a
vredige	vredig:a
vredigere	vredig:a
vredigste	vredig:a
bloedneuzen	bloedneus:n
bloedneusje	bloedneus:n
schubdieren	schubdier:n
schubdiertje	schubdier:n
abbatiale	abbatiaal:a
preparaten	preparaat:n
preparaatje	preparaat:n
tabaksverslaafden	tabaksverslaafde:n
tabakverslaafde	tabaksverslaafde:n
pannenlappen	pannenlap:n
pannenlapje	pannenlap:n
zeeoren	zeeoor:n
noveen	novene:n
pekingeenden	pekingeend:n
klankleren	klankleer:n
spitsvondiger	spitsvondig:a
spitsvondigst	spitsvondig:a
spitsvondige	spitsvondig:a
spitsvondigere	spitsvondig:a
spitsvondigste	spitsvondig:a
zeurpieten	zeurpiet:n
zeurpietje	zeurpiet:n
vertroetel	vertroetelen:v|troetelen:v
vertroetelde	vertroetelen:v|troetelen:v
vertroetelt	vertroetelen:v|troetelen:v
vertroetelden	vertroetelen:v|troetelen:v
vertroetelend	vertroetelen:v|troetelen:v
vertroeteld	vertroetelen:v|troetelen:v
polyfoner	polyfoon:a
polyfoonst	polyfoon:a
polyfone	polyfoon:a
polyfonere	polyfoon:a
polyfoonste	polyfoon:a
geelgorzen	geelgors:n
geelgorsje	geelgors:n
hor	horren:v
horde	horren:v
hort	horren:v
horrend	horren:v
gehord	horren:v
tegenvoeters	tegenvoeter:n
lastposten	lastpost:n
lastpostje	lastpost:n
lastpakken	lastpak:n
lastpakje	lastpak:n
verderfelijker	verderfelijk:a
verderfelijkst	verderfelijk:a
verderfelijke	verderfelijk:a
verderfelijkere	verderfelijk:a
verderfelijkste	verderfelijk:a
lijkkleden	lijkkleed:n
lijkkleren	lijkkleed:n
lijkkleedje	lijkkleed:n
vederbossen	vederbos:n
vederbosje	vederbos:n
walviskalveren	walviskalf:n
walviskalfje	walviskalf:n
perversies	perversie:n
lomperds	lomperd:n
lomperdje	lomperd:n
abdijkerken	abdijkerk:n
abdijkerkje	abdijkerk:n
plataantje	plataan:n
ijshaaien	ijshaai:n
pirateer	pirateren:v
pirateerde	pirateren:v
pirateert	pirateren:v
pirateerden	pirateren:v
piraterend	pirateren:v
gepirateerd	pirateren:v
confecties	confectie:n
negerij	negorij:n
weegbreeën	weegbree:n
weegbrees	weegbree:n
weegbreden	weegbree:n
oorschelpen	oorschelp:n
oorschelpje	oorschelp:n
schranderder	schrander:a
schranderst	schrander:a
schrandere	schrander:a
schranderdere	schrander:a
schranderste	schrander:a
nasaleer	nasaleren:v
nasaleerde	nasaleren:v
nasaleert	nasaleren:v
nasaleerden	nasaleren:v
nasalerend	nasaleren:v
genasaleerd	nasaleren:v
kennisgevingen	kennisgeving:n
modderfiguren	modderfiguur:n
modderfiguurtje	modderfiguur:n
wijnvlekken	wijnvlek:n
wijnvlekje	wijnvlek:n
pulk	pulken:v
pulkte	pulken:v
pulkt	pulken:v
pulkten	pulken:v
pulkend	pulken:v
gepulkt	pulken:v
tweespannen	tweespan:n
doktersromans	doktersroman:n
doktersromannetje	doktersroman:n
hermafrodieten	hermafrodiet:n
hermafrodietje	hermafrodiet:n
hermafrodiete	hermafrodiet:a
veringen	vering:n
verhuiswagens	verhuiswagen:n
verhuiswagentje	verhuiswagen:n
parkeerboetes	parkeerboete:n
wielklemmen	wielklem:n
wielklemmetje	wielklem:n
vroegpredicaties	vroegpredicatie:n
snijbonen	snijboon:n
snijboontje	snijboon:n
pantsertreinen	pantsertrein:n
kleurenfoto's	kleurenfoto:n
kleurenfotootje	kleurenfoto:n
watergeuzen	watergeus:n
Watergeus	watergeus:n
nonnenkloosters	nonnenklooster:n
nonnenkloostertje	nonnenklooster:n
kleinhandels	kleinhandel:n
kleinhandeltje	kleinhandel:n
winterpenen	winterpeen:n
winterpeentje	winterpeen:n
knorrepotten	knorrepot:n
knorrepotje	knorrepot:n
knorrepot	knorrepotten:v
knorrepotte	knorrepotten:v
knorrepottend	knorrepotten:v
geknorrepot	knorrepotten:v
duitenklievers	duitenkliever:n
duitendieven	duitendief:n
duitendiefje	duitendief:n
vierduitstukken	vierduitstuk:n
vierduitstukje	vierduitstuk:n
vierduitstukkie	vierduitstuk:n
vierduitenstuk	vierduitstuk:n
verstaanbaarder	verstaanbaar:a
verstaanbaarst	verstaanbaar:a
verstaanbare	verstaanbaar:a
verstaanbaardere	verstaanbaar:a
verstaanbaarste	verstaanbaar:a
rollenspelen	rollenspel:n
rollenspellen	rollenspel:n
rollenspelletje	rollenspel:n
verbanddozen	verbanddoos:n
verbanddoosje	verbanddoos:n
vertwijfelingen	vertwijfeling:n
mismoediger	mismoedig:a
mismoedigst	mismoedig:a
mismoedige	mismoedig:a
mismoedigere	mismoedig:a
mismoedigste	mismoedig:a
sterrenregens	sterrenregen:n
vanitasstillevens	vanitasstilleven:n
maaklonen	maakloon:n
slavenmarkten	slavenmarkt:n
aflach	aflachen:v
aflachte	aflachen:v
aflacht	aflachen:v
aflachten	aflachen:v
aflachend	aflachen:v
afgelachen	aflachen:v
onderleggers	onderlegger:n
onderleggertje	onderlegger:n
traditiegetrouwer	traditiegetrouw:a
traditiegetrouwst	traditiegetrouw:a
traditiegetrouwe	traditiegetrouw:a
traditiegetrouwere	traditiegetrouw:a
traditiegetrouwste	traditiegetrouw:a
blamages	blamage:n
blameer	blameren:v
blameerde	blameren:v
blameert	blameren:v
blameerden	blameren:v
blamerend	blameren:v
geblameerd	blameren:v
bleekselderijen	bleekselderij:n
peulenschillen	peulenschil:n
peulenschilletje	peulenschil:n
ontbijtkoeken	ontbijtkoek:n
ontbijtkoekje	ontbijtkoek:n
peperkoeken	peperkoek:n
peperkoekje	peperkoek:n
snijkoeken	snijkoek:n
snijkoekje	snijkoek:n
volkorenbroden	volkorenbrood:n
volkorenbroodje	volkorenbrood:n
benzinepompen	benzinepomp:n
benzinepompje	benzinepomp:n
luchtpostbladen	luchtpostblad:n
luchtpostblaadje	luchtpostblad:n
gedachtige	gedachtig:a
epistolaire	epistolair:a
genitiefobjecten	genitiefobject:n
warmoeswijven	warmoeswijf:n
flexies	flexie:n
prisoens	prisoen:n
lelijkerds	lelijkerd:n
Amalekieten	Amalekiet:n
bandopnemers	bandopnemer:n
tjappen	tjap:n
tjapje	tjap:n
tjaps	tjap:n
veldbranden	veldbrand:n
omsta	omstaan:v
omstond	omstaan:v
omstaat	omstaan:v
omstonden	omstaan:v
omstaand	omstaan:v
omgestaan	omstaan:v
hulpverleners	hulpverlener:n
hulpverlenertje	hulpverlener:n
kroegtijgers	kroegtijger:n
kroegtijgertje	kroegtijger:n
bosmarmotten	bosmarmot:n
kanarievogels	kanarievogel:n
kanarievogeltje	kanarievogel:n
stamvaders	stamvader:n
rijkunsten	rijkunst:n
vleeswaren	vleeswaar:n
basterdsuikers	basterdsuiker:n
kristalsuikers	kristalsuiker:n
bloedsuikers	bloedsuiker:n
suikerbonen	suikerboon:n
suikerboontje	suikerboon:n
kruidnagelsigaretten	kruidnagelsigaret:n
strandballen	strandbal:n
strandballetje	strandbal:n
kiezelstranden	kiezelstrand:n
kiezelstrandje	kiezelstrand:n
strandwachten	strandwacht:n
strandwachtje	strandwacht:n
ooievaarsdorpen	ooievaarsdorp:n
kriek	krieken:v
kriekte	krieken:v
kriekt	krieken:v
kriekten	krieken:v
kriekend	krieken:v
gekriekt	krieken:v
dierenwinkels	dierenwinkel:n
dierenwinkeltje	dierenwinkel:n
nachtdieren	nachtdier:n
nachtdiertje	nachtdier:n
dierproeven	dierproef:n
hoefdieren	hoefdier:n
hoefdiertje	hoefdier:n
pantoffeldieren	pantoffeldier:n
pantoffeldiertje	pantoffeldier:n
fokschapen	fokschaap:n
detrivoren	detrivoor:n
detrivore	detrivoor:a
stofwisselingsziekten	stofwisselingsziekte:n
stofwisselingsziektes	stofwisselingsziekte:n
stoichiometrieën	stoichiometrie:n
doorbak	doorbakken:v
doorbakte	doorbakken:v
doorbakt	doorbakken:v
doorbakten	doorbakken:v
doorbakkend	doorbakken:v
doorgebakken	doorbakken:v
subdurale	subduraal:a
epidurale	epiduraal:a
xenofobischer	xenofobisch:a
xenofobische	xenofobisch:a
xenofobischere	xenofobisch:a
lozingen	lozing:n
lozinkje	lozing:n
vogelzaden	vogelzaad:n
zaagvissen	zaagvis:n
zaagtanden	zaagtand:n
zaagtandje	zaagtand:n
ansichtkaarten	ansichtkaart:n
ansichtkaartje	ansichtkaart:n
godzaliger	godzalig:a
godzaligst	godzalig:a
godzalige	godzalig:a
godzaligere	godzalig:a
godzaligste	godzalig:a
troonzalen	troonzaal:n
troonzaaltje	troonzaal:n
kerkzalen	kerkzaal:n
kerkzaaltje	kerkzaal:n
feestzalen	feestzaal:n
feestzaaltje	feestzaal:n
kandidates	kandidate:n
mantelverzorgers	mantelverzorger:n
schoorsteenmantels	schoorsteenmantel:n
schoorsteenmanteltje	schoorsteenmantel:n
mantelpakken	mantelpak:n
mantelpakje	mantelpak:n
zakkeriger	zakkerig:a
zakkerigst	zakkerig:a
zakkerige	zakkerig:a
zakkerigere	zakkerig:a
zakkerigste	zakkerig:a
zaaitijden	zaaitijd:n
zeem	zemen:v
zeemde	zemen:v
zeemt	zemen:v
zeemden	zemen:v
zemend	zemen:v
gezeemd	zemen:v
ontbos	ontbossen:v
ontboste	ontbossen:v
ontbost	ontbossen:v
ontbosten	ontbossen:v
ontbossend	ontbossen:v
ontgeld	ontgelden:v
ontgold	ontgelden:v
ontgeldt	ontgelden:v
ontgolden	ontgelden:v
ontgeldend	ontgelden:v
ontgeef	ontgeven:v
ontgaf	ontgeven:v
ontgeeft	ontgeven:v
ontgaven	ontgeven:v
ontgevend	ontgeven:v
gavialen	gaviaal:n
gaviaaltje	gaviaal:n
ontgift	ontgiften:v
ontgiftte	ontgiften:v
ontgiftten	ontgiften:v
ontgiftend	ontgiften:v
ontgraat	ontgraten:v
ontgraatte	ontgraten:v
ontgraatten	ontgraten:v
ontgratend	ontgraten:v
ontgrendel	ontgrendelen:v
ontgrendelde	ontgrendelen:v
ontgrendelt	ontgrendelen:v
ontgrendelden	ontgrendelen:v
ontgrendelend	ontgrendelen:v
ontgrendeld	ontgrendelen:v
ontvlam	ontvlammen:v
ontvlamde	ontvlammen:v
ontvlamt	ontvlammen:v
ontvlamden	ontvlammen:v
ontvlammend	ontvlammen:v
ontvlamd	ontvlammen:v
ontleer	ontleren:v
ontleerde	ontleren:v
ontleert	ontleren:v
ontleerden	ontleren:v
ontlerend	ontleren:v
ontleerd	ontleren:v
ontzand	ontzanden:v
ontzandde	ontzanden:v
ontzandt	ontzanden:v
ontzandden	ontzanden:v
ontzandend	ontzanden:v
ontworm	ontwormen:v
ontwormde	ontwormen:v
ontwormt	ontwormen:v
ontwormden	ontwormen:v
ontwormend	ontwormen:v
ontwormd	ontwormen:v
ontrond	ontronden:v
ontrondde	ontronden:v
ontrondt	ontronden:v
ontrondden	ontronden:v
ontrondend	ontronden:v
onthard	ontharden:v
onthardde	ontharden:v
onthardt	ontharden:v
onthardden	ontharden:v
onthardend	ontharden:v
ontkalk	ontkalken:v
ontkalkte	ontkalken:v
ontkalkt	ontkalken:v
ontkalkten	ontkalken:v
ontkalkend	ontkalken:v
ontzout	ontzouten:v
ontzoutte	ontzouten:v
ontzoutten	ontzouten:v
ontzoutend	ontzouten:v
ontwind	ontwinden:v
ontwond	ontwinden:v
ontwindt	ontwinden:v
ontwonden	ontwinden:v
ontwindend	ontwinden:v
wapenwedlopen	wapenwedloop:n
wapenwedloopje	wapenwedloop:n
headbang	headbangen:v
headbangde	headbangen:v
headbangt	headbangen:v
headbangden	headbangen:v
headbangend	headbangen:v
geheadbangd	headbangen:v
werkdagen	werkdag:n
werkdagje	werkdag:n
arbeidsdagen	arbeidsdag:n
afvalraces	afvalrace:n
palmbomen	palmboom:n
palmboompje	palmboom:n
mulders	mulder:n
muldertje	mulder:n
godenzonen	godenzoon:n
godendochters	godendochter:n
gracieuzer	gracieus:a
gracieust	gracieus:a
gracieuze	gracieus:a
gracieuzere	gracieus:a
gracieuste	gracieus:a
gratieus	gracieus:a
heerschaar	heerschare:n
eindnoten	eindnoot:n
vlammenwerpers	vlammenwerper:n
vlammenwerpertje	vlammenwerper:n
schimmenspelen	schimmenspel:n
dwangsommen	dwangsom:n
Zeeuwen	Zeeuw:n
Zeeuwtje	Zeeuw:n
beleer	beleren:v
beleerde	beleren:v
beleert	beleren:v
beleerden	beleren:v
belerend	beleren:v
beleerd	beleren:v
onderricht	onderrichten:v
onderrichtte	onderrichten:v
onderrichtten	onderrichten:v
onderrichtend	onderrichten:v
hospitaliseer	hospitaliseren:v
hospitaliseerde	hospitaliseren:v
hospitaliseert	hospitaliseren:v
hospitaliseerden	hospitaliseren:v
hospitaliserend	hospitaliseren:v
gehospitaliseerd	hospitaliseren:v
lontroeren	lontroer:n
stadsstranden	stadsstrand:n
stadsstrandje	stadsstrand:n
zelfsgenoegzame	zelfsgenoegzaam:a
manhaftiger	manhaftig:a
manhaftigst	manhaftig:a
manhaftige	manhaftig:a
manhaftigere	manhaftig:a
manhaftigste	manhaftig:a
ontvouw	ontvouwen:v
ontvouwde	ontvouwen:v
ontvouwt	ontvouwen:v
ontvouwden	ontvouwen:v
ontvouwend	ontvouwen:v
kapotmaak	kapotmaken:v
kapotmaakte	kapotmaken:v
kapotmaakt	kapotmaken:v
kapotmaakten	kapotmaken:v
kapotmakend	kapotmaken:v
kapotgemaakt	kapotmaken:v
carcinogene	carcinogeen:a
carcinogenen	carcinogeen:n
slaapverwekkender	slaapverwekkend:a
slaapverwekkendst	slaapverwekkend:a
slaapverwekkende	slaapverwekkend:a
slaapverwekkendere	slaapverwekkend:a
slaapverwekkendste	slaapverwekkend:a
bankrekeningen	bankrekening:n
zielknijper	zielenknijper:n
legkippen	legkip:n
leghennen	leghen:n
kippeneieren	kippenei:n
kippeneitje	kippenei:n
sneeuwscheppen	sneeuwschep:n
meesterzetten	meesterzet:n
zelfzuchtje	zelfzucht:n
zelfzuchtiger	zelfzuchtig:a
zelfzuchtigst	zelfzuchtig:a
verbijsteringen	verbijstering:n
zintuigorganen	zintuigorgaan:n
zitbanken	zitbank:n
zitbankje	zitbank:n
optimalisaties	optimalisatie:n
zooglammeren	zooglam:n
zooglammetje	zooglam:n
begoochelingen	begoocheling:n
zuchtmeisjes	zuchtmeisje:n
zomerdijken	zomerdijk:n
zomerdijkje	zomerdijk:n
Zuid-Afrikanen	Zuid-Afrikaan:n
Zuid-Amerikanen	Zuid-Amerikaan:n
Zuid-Amerikaanse	Zuid-Amerikaans:a
Zuid-Hollanders	Zuid-Hollander:n
Zuid-Koreanen	Zuid-Koreaan:n
Zuid-Koreaantje	Zuid-Koreaan:n
Zuid-Koreaanse	Zuid-Koreaans:a
hoernalisten	hoernalist:n
zwaardknoppen	zwaardknop:n
televisiekijkers	televisiekijker:n
tv-kijker	televisiekijker:n
spreekkoren	spreekkoor:n
landverraders	landverrader:n
dorpsbanken	dorpsbank:n
matrixborden	matrixbord:n
Zweedje	Zweed:n
y-assen	y-as:n
kunstboters	kunstboter:n
transvetten	transvet:n
zaadoliën	zaadolie:n
berghellingen	berghelling:n
berghellinkje	berghelling:n
Birmanen	Birmaan:n
Birmezen	Birmees:n
Birmese	Birmees:a
bisamratten	bisamrat:n
raasdonders	raasdonder:n
raasdondertje	raasdonder:n
liberalisaties	liberalisatie:n
doodsbedden	doodsbed:n
sterfbedden	sterfbed:n
bitumineuze	bitumineus:a
slingerpaden	slingerpad:n
slingerpaadje	slingerpad:n
abacteriële	abacterieel:a
schaamtelozer	schaamteloos:a
schaamteloost	schaamteloos:a
schaamteloze	schaamteloos:a
schaamtelozere	schaamteloos:a
schaamtelooste	schaamteloos:a
runderdieven	runderdief:n
affiniteiten	affiniteit:n
esthetischer	esthetisch:a
esthetischt	esthetisch:a
esthetische	esthetisch:a
esthetischere	esthetisch:a
esthetischte	esthetisch:a
automatiseringen	automatisering:n
machtigingen	machtiging:n
symmetrieassen	symmetrieas:n
vingerdieren	vingerdier:n
vingerdiertje	vingerdier:n
huisnummers	huisnummer:n
huisnummertje	huisnummer:n
boerenpummels	boerenpummel:n
boerenpummeltje	boerenpummel:n
ijziger	ijzig:a
ijzigst	ijzig:a
ijzige	ijzig:a
ijzigere	ijzig:a
ijzigste	ijzig:a
inventarissen	inventaris:n
inventarisje	inventaris:n
ontvlied	ontvlieden:v
ontvlood	ontvlieden:v
ontvliedt	ontvlieden:v
ontvloden	ontvlieden:v
ontvliedend	ontvlieden:v
ontvonk	ontvonken:v
ontvonkte	ontvonken:v
ontvonkt	ontvonken:v
ontvonkten	ontvonken:v
ontvonkend	ontvonken:v
ontsteel	ontstelen:v
ontstal	ontstelen:v
ontsteelt	ontstelen:v
ontstalen	ontstelen:v
ontstelend	ontstelen:v
ontstolen	ontstelen:v
ontsteelde	ontstelen:v
ontsteelden	ontstelen:v
ontsteeld	ontstelen:v
vigeer	vigeren:v
vigeerde	vigeren:v
vigeert	vigeren:v
vigeerden	vigeren:v
vigerend	vigeren:v
gevigeerd	vigeren:v
galgenhumoristische	galgenhumoristisch:a
spandoeken	spandoek:n
spandoekje	spandoek:n
Marva's	Marva:n
vrouwenringen	vrouwenring:n
stotiger	stotig:a
stotigst	stotig:a
stotige	stotig:a
stotigere	stotig:a
stotigste	stotig:a
bekkeneelvliezen	bekkeneelvlies:n
schedelvliezen	schedelvlies:n
snijbonenmolens	snijbonenmolen:n
kapucijners	kapucijner:n
brandmiddelen	brandmiddel:n
mensenmassa's	mensenmassa:n
kruitschepen	kruitschip:n
verdelingsplannen	verdelingsplan:n
voorbinddildo's	voorbinddildo:n
veenmossen	veenmos:n
sjofeur	chauffeur:n
kompjoeter	computer:n
panoramadekken	panoramadek:n
mantelmeeuwen	mantelmeeuw:n
mantelmeeuwtje	mantelmeeuw:n
megool	mongool:n
jonguh	jongen:n
omwal	omwallen:v
omwalde	omwallen:v
omwalt	omwallen:v
omwalden	omwallen:v
omwallend	omwallen:v
omwald	omwallen:v
standvastiger	standvastig:a
standvastigst	standvastig:a
standvastige	standvastig:a
standvastigere	standvastig:a
standvastigste	standvastig:a
voorbind	voorbinden:v
voorbond	voorbinden:v
voorbindt	voorbinden:v
voorbonden	voorbinden:v
voorbindend	voorbinden:v
voorgebonden	voorbinden:v
afblijf	afblijven:v
afbleef	afblijven:v
afblijft	afblijven:v
afbleven	afblijven:v
afblijvend	afblijven:v
afgebleven	afblijven:v
napoleontische	napoleontisch:a
feeksen	feeks:n
feeksje	feeks:n
karvelen	karveel:n
karveeltje	karveel:n
rozenvelden	rozenveld:n
klaarovers	klaarover:n
klaarovertje	klaarover:n
klaar-over	klaarover:n
ontglip	ontglippen:v
ontglipte	ontglippen:v
ontglipt	ontglippen:v
ontglipten	ontglippen:v
ontglippend	ontglippen:v
ontgraaf	ontgraven:v
ontgroef	ontgraven:v|ontgroeven:v
ontgraaft	ontgraven:v
ontgroeven	ontgraven:v
ontgravend	ontgraven:v
onthaast	onthaasten:v
onthaastte	onthaasten:v
onthaastten	onthaasten:v
onthaastend	onthaasten:v
overhaast	overhaasten:v
overhaastte	overhaasten:v
overhaastten	overhaasten:v
overhaastend	overhaasten:v
onthals	onthalzen:v
onthalsde	onthalzen:v
onthalst	onthalzen:v
onthalsden	onthalzen:v
onthalzend	onthalzen:v
onthalsd	onthalzen:v
overvraag	overvragen:v
overvroeg	overvragen:v
overvraagt	overvragen:v
overvroegen	overvragen:v
overvragend	overvragen:v
overvraagd	overvragen:v
overgevraagd	overvragen:v
overhoor	overhoren:v
overhoorde	overhoren:v
overhoort	overhoren:v
overhoorden	overhoren:v
overhorend	overhoren:v
overhoord	overhoren:v
volbouw	volbouwen:v
volbouwde	volbouwen:v
volbouwt	volbouwen:v
volbouwden	volbouwen:v
volbouwend	volbouwen:v
volbouwd	volbouwen:v
volgebouwd	volbouwen:v
overman	overmannen:v
overmande	overmannen:v
overmant	overmannen:v
overmanden	overmannen:v
overmannend	overmannen:v
overmand	overmannen:v
opzoomer	opzoomeren:v
opzoomerde	opzoomeren:v
opzoomert	opzoomeren:v
opzoomerden	opzoomeren:v
opzoomerend	opzoomeren:v
opgezoomerd	opzoomeren:v
vijfjarenplannen	vijfjarenplan:n
besnotte	besnot:a
afnaai	afnaaien:v
afnaaide	afnaaien:v
afnaait	afnaaien:v
afnaaiden	afnaaien:v
afnaaiend	afnaaien:v
afgenaaid	afnaaien:v
doorvochtig	doorvochtigen:v
doorvochtigde	doorvochtigen:v
doorvochtigt	doorvochtigen:v
doorvochtigden	doorvochtigen:v
doorvochtigend	doorvochtigen:v
doorvochtigd	doorvochtigen:v
overhoringen	overhoring:n
overhorinkje	overhoring:n
beier	beieren:v
beierde	beieren:v
beiert	beieren:v
beierden	beieren:v
beierend	beieren:v
gebeierd	beieren:v
aandrentel	aandrentelen:v
aandrentelde	aandrentelen:v
aandrentelt	aandrentelen:v
aandrentelden	aandrentelen:v
aandrentelend	aandrentelen:v
aangedrenteld	aandrentelen:v
drentel	drentelen:v
drentelde	drentelen:v
drentelt	drentelen:v
drentelden	drentelen:v
drentelend	drentelen:v
gedrenteld	drentelen:v
ontman	ontmannen:v
ontmande	ontmannen:v
ontmant	ontmannen:v
ontmanden	ontmannen:v
ontmannend	ontmannen:v
ontmand	ontmannen:v
bosnimfen	bosnimf:n
afstap	afstappen:v
afstapte	afstappen:v
afstapt	afstappen:v
afstapten	afstappen:v
afstappend	afstappen:v
afgestapt	afstappen:v
afstappen	afstap:v|afstap:n
narcostaten	narcostaat:n
ceremonieuze	ceremonieus:a
doodboeken	doodboek:n
certificeer	certificeren:v
certificeerde	certificeren:v
certificeert	certificeren:v
certificeerden	certificeren:v
certificerend	certificeren:v
gecertificeerd	certificeren:v
bodemonderzoeken	bodemonderzoek:n
klokkijk	klokkijken:v
klokkeek	klokkijken:v
klokkijkt	klokkijken:v
klokkeken	klokkijken:v
klokkijkend	klokkijken:v
klokgekeken	klokkijken:v
nestkasten	nestkast:n
nestkastje	nestkast:n
dievenlantaarns	dievenlantaarn:n
dievenlantaarntje	dievenlantaarn:n
vetbollen	vetbol:n
vetbolletje	vetbol:n
spinneweb	spinnenweb:n
volgroei	volgroeien:v
volgroeit	volgroeien:v
volgroeiden	volgroeien:v
volgroeiend	volgroeien:v
volgroeid	volgroeien:v
voleind	voleinden:v
voleindde	voleinden:v
voleindt	voleinden:v
voleindden	voleinden:v
voleindend	voleinden:v
volvoer	volvoeren:v
volvoerde	volvoeren:v
volvoert	volvoeren:v
volvoerden	volvoeren:v
volvoerend	volvoeren:v
volvoerd	volvoeren:v
voldraag	voldragen:v
voldroeg	voldragen:v
voldraagt	voldragen:v
voldroegen	voldragen:v
voldragend	voldragen:v
lustmoorden	lustmoord:n
lustmoordenaars	lustmoordenaar:n
verwurg	verwurgen:v
verwurgde	verwurgen:v
verwurgt	verwurgen:v
verwurgden	verwurgen:v
verwurgend	verwurgen:v
verwurgd	verwurgen:v
drup	drop:n|druppen:v
drupte	druppen:v
drupt	druppen:v
drupten	druppen:v
druppend	druppen:v
gedrupt	druppen:v
verstuit	verstuiten:v
verstuitte	verstuiten:v
verstuitten	verstuiten:v
verstuitend	verstuiten:v
balansmakers	balansmaker:n
postzakken	postzak:n
broederloze	broederloos:a
achterschepen	achterschip:n
blaasspeeltuigen	blaasspeeltuig:n
speeltuigen	speeltuig:n
speeltuigje	speeltuig:n
strafbaarstellingen	strafbaarstelling:n
dierenparken	dierenpark:n
Eurocommissarissen	Eurocommissaris:n
dobbelspelen	dobbelspel:n
dobbelspelletje	dobbelspel:n
zuurstofcilinders	zuurstofcilinder:n
maatcilinders	maatcilinder:n
maatcilindertje	maatcilinder:n
cilinderhoeden	cilinderhoed:n
superreuzen	superreus:n
overlap	overlappen:v
overlapte	overlappen:v
overlapt	overlappen:v
overlapten	overlappen:v
overlappend	overlappen:v
ondertitelingen	ondertiteling:n
aangrinnik	aangrinniken:v
aangrinnikte	aangrinniken:v
aangrinnikt	aangrinniken:v
aangrinnikten	aangrinniken:v
aangrinnikend	aangrinniken:v
aangegrinnikt	aangrinniken:v
grinnik	grinniken:v
grinnikte	grinniken:v
grinnikt	grinniken:v
grinnikten	grinniken:v
grinnikend	grinniken:v
gegrinnikt	grinniken:v
conciliaire	conciliair:a
aantekenaars	aantekenaar:n
inburgeraars	inburgeraar:n
vleselijker	vleselijk:a
vleselijkst	vleselijk:a
vleselijke	vleselijk:a
vleselijkere	vleselijk:a
vleselijkste	vleselijk:a
aanschiet	aanschieten:v
aanschoot	aanschieten:v
aanschoten	aanschieten:v
aanschietend	aanschieten:v
stroopwafelen	stroopwafel:n
stroopkoeken	stroopkoek:n
urnenvelden	urnenveld:n
urnenveldje	urnenveld:n
krachtvelden	krachtveld:n
krachtveldje	krachtveld:n
honkballers	honkballer:n
honkballertje	honkballer:n
voetbalspelers	voetbalspeler:n
voetbalspelertje	voetbalspeler:n
voetbalspeelsters	voetbalspeelster:n
statuten	statuut:n
statuutje	statuut:n
meerzinniger	meerzinnig:a
meerzinnigst	meerzinnig:a
meerzinnige	meerzinnig:a
meerzinnigere	meerzinnig:a
meerzinnigste	meerzinnig:a
hoofdreekssterren	hoofdreeksster:n
hoofdreeksen	hoofdreeks:n
ontegenzeggelijker	ontegenzeggelijk:a
ontegenzeggelijkst	ontegenzeggelijk:a
ontegenzeggelijke	ontegenzeggelijk:a
ontegenzeggelijkere	ontegenzeggelijk:a
ontegenzeggelijkste	ontegenzeggelijk:a
tegenzeggelijker	tegenzeggelijk:a
tegenzeggelijkst	tegenzeggelijk:a
tegenzeggelijke	tegenzeggelijk:a
tegenzeggelijkere	tegenzeggelijk:a
tegenzeggelijkste	tegenzeggelijk:a
aborties	abortie:n
reëler	reëel:a
reëelst	reëel:a
reële	reëel:a
reëlere	reëel:a
reëelste	reëel:a
laurierbladeren	laurierblad:n
laurierbladen	laurierblad:n
laurierblaren	laurierblad:n
laurierblaadje	laurierblad:n
laurierkransen	laurierkrans:n
laurierkransje	laurierkrans:n
lauwerkransen	lauwerkrans:n
lauwerkransje	lauwerkrans:n
lauweren	lauwer:n
lauwertje	lauwer:n
waterkersen	waterkers:n
rattengiffen	rattengif:n
rattenvergiffen	rattenvergif:n
zuivelprodukt	zuivelproduct:n
vooronderstel	vooronderstellen:v
vooronderstelde	vooronderstellen:v
vooronderstelt	vooronderstellen:v
vooronderstelden	vooronderstellen:v
vooronderstellend	vooronderstellen:v
voorondersteld	vooronderstellen:v
voorvertoon	voorvertonen:v
voorvertoonde	voorvertonen:v
voorvertoont	voorvertonen:v
voorvertoonden	voorvertonen:v
voorvertonend	voorvertonen:v
voorvertoond	voorvertonen:v
onderwaardeer	onderwaarderen:v
onderwaardeerde	onderwaarderen:v
onderwaardeert	onderwaarderen:v
onderwaardeerden	onderwaarderen:v
onderwaarderend	onderwaarderen:v
onderwaardeerd	onderwaarderen:v
ondervang	ondervangen:v
onderving	ondervangen:v
ondervangt	ondervangen:v
ondervingen	ondervangen:v
ondervangend	ondervangen:v
soepstengels	soepstengel:n
soepstengeltje	soepstengel:n
zweefmolens	zweefmolen:n
grensoorlogen	grensoorlog:n
grensoorlogje	grensoorlog:n
schateilanden	schateiland:n
schatzoekers	schatzoeker:n
kippenvoeder	kippenvoer:n
kippenboeren	kippenboer:n
kippenboertje	kippenboer:n
kippenrennen	kippenren:n
moorkoppen	moorkop:n
moorkopje	moorkop:n
limonadesiropen	limonadesiroop:n
vlaflips	vlaflip:n
confituren	confituur:n
paranimfen	paranimf:n
slasauzen	slasaus:n
slasausje	slasaus:n
melkchocola	melkchocolade:n
chocoladerepen	chocoladereep:n
chocoladereepje	chocoladereep:n
aanhijs	aanhijsen:v
aanhees	aanhijsen:v
aanhijst	aanhijsen:v
aanhesen	aanhijsen:v
aanhijsend	aanhijsen:v
aangehesen	aanhijsen:v
afzichtiger	afzichtig:a
afzichtigst	afzichtig:a
afzichtige	afzichtig:a
afzichtigere	afzichtig:a
afzichtigste	afzichtig:a
patjepeeërs	patjepeeër:n
patjepeeërtje	patjepeeër:n
voedingswaardetabellen	voedingswaardetabel:n
tabelleer	tabelleren:v
tabelleerde	tabelleren:v
tabelleert	tabelleren:v
tabelleerden	tabelleren:v
tabellerend	tabelleren:v
getabelleerd	tabelleren:v
tabulaire	tabulair:a
stormparaplu's	stormparaplu:n
afzing	afzingen:v
afzong	afzingen:v
afzingt	afzingen:v
afzongen	afzingen:v
afzingend	afzingen:v
afgezongen	afzingen:v
garagehouders	garagehouder:n
bijenkasten	bijenkast:n
bijenkastje	bijenkast:n
stoomcursussen	stoomcursus:n
klaarstoom	klaarstomen:v
klaarstoomde	klaarstomen:v
klaarstoomt	klaarstomen:v
klaarstoomden	klaarstomen:v
klaarstomend	klaarstomen:v
klaargestoomd	klaarstomen:v
stoom	stomen:v
stoomde	stomen:v
stoomt	stomen:v
stoomden	stomen:v
stomend	stomen:v
gestoomd	stomen:v
pauwinnen	pauwin:n
pauwinnetje	pauwin:n
spellingvarianten	spellingvariant:n
variaties	variatie:n
hongerlonen	hongerloon:n
hongerloontje	hongerloon:n
allofonen	allofoon:n
doornbomen	doornboom:n
doornboompje	doornboom:n
doornhagen	doornhaag:n
doornenkronen	doornenkroon:n
doornenkroontje	doornenkroon:n
hardlijviger	hardlijvig:a
hardlijvigst	hardlijvig:a
hardlijvige	hardlijvig:a
hardlijvigere	hardlijvig:a
hardlijvigste	hardlijvig:a
romoesja	romusha:n
soldeerbouten	soldeerbout:n
soldeerboutje	soldeerbout:n
kippenbouten	kippenbout:n
kippenboutje	kippenbout:n
kippenpoten	kippenpoot:n
kippenpootje	kippenpoot:n
zoekopdrachten	zoekopdracht:n
zoekopdrachtje	zoekopdracht:n
doorkijkblouses	doorkijkblouse:n
doorkijkblouseje	doorkijkblouse:n
doorkijkbloes	doorkijkblouse:n
aha-erlebnissen	aha-erlebnis:n
kerkordes	kerkorde:n
kerkorden	kerkorde:n
aanschrap	aanschrappen:v
aanschrapte	aanschrappen:v
aanschrapt	aanschrappen:v
aanschrapten	aanschrappen:v
aanschrappend	aanschrappen:v
aangeschrapt	aanschrappen:v
ithyfallische	ithyfallisch:a
aanhuil	aanhuilen:v
aanhuilde	aanhuilen:v
aanhuilt	aanhuilen:v
aanhuilden	aanhuilen:v
aanhuilend	aanhuilen:v
aangehuild	aanhuilen:v
voorvoel	voorvoelen:v
voorvoelde	voorvoelen:v
voorvoelt	voorvoelen:v
voorvoelden	voorvoelen:v
voorvoelend	voorvoelen:v
voorvoeld	voorvoelen:v
bering	beringen:v
beringde	beringen:v
beringt	beringen:v
beringden	beringen:v
beringend	beringen:v
beringd	beringen:v
indicaties	indicatie:n
indicatietje	indicatie:n
avondspitsuren	avondspitsuur:n
ochtendspitsuren	ochtendspitsuur:n
ochtendspitsen	ochtendspits:n
spitsstroken	spitsstrook:n
spitsstrookje	spitsstrook:n
autosturen	autostuur:n
autostuurtje	autostuur:n
fietssturen	fietsstuur:n
fietsstuurtje	fietsstuur:n
stuurraderen	stuurrad:n
onkruidverdelgers	onkruidverdelger:n
onkruiddoders	onkruiddoder:n
hofpoppen	hofpop:n
grapjassen	grapjas:n
grapjasje	grapjas:n
lolbroeken	lolbroek:n
lolbroekje	lolbroek:n
onverzorgder	onverzorgd:a
onverzorgdst	onverzorgd:a
suatiekanalen	suatiekanaal:n
uitwateringskanalen	uitwateringskanaal:n
uitwateringskanaaltje	uitwateringskanaal:n
quadrimesters	quadrimester:n
quadrimestertje	quadrimester:n
oorlogshelden	oorlogsheld:n
oorlogsheldje	oorlogsheld:n
oorlogsverslaggevers	oorlogsverslaggever:n
oorlogsverslaggevertje	oorlogsverslaggever:n
ontgind	ontginnen:v
bevindingen	bevinding:n
bevindinkje	bevinding:n
miniemer	miniem:a
miniemst	miniem:a
minieme	miniem:a
miniemere	miniem:a
miniemste	miniem:a
miniemen	miniem:n
miniempje	miniem:n
hersendode	hersendood:a
kamerplanten	kamerplant:n
kamerplantje	kamerplant:n
wied	wieden:v
wiedde	wieden:v
wiedt	wieden:v
wiedden	wieden:v
wiedend	wieden:v
gewied	wieden:v
orgelpijpcactussen	orgelpijpcactus:n
orgelpijpen	orgelpijp:n
orgelpijpje	orgelpijp:n
stalinorgels	stalinorgel:n
mosterdgassen	mosterdgas:n
bollenvelden	bollenveld:n
bollenveldje	bollenveld:n
chrysanten	chrysant:n
chrysantje	chrysant:n
opiumpapavers	opiumpapaver:n
groezeliger	groezelig:a
groezeligst	groezelig:a
vergeet-mij-nieten	vergeet-mij-niet:n
vergeet-mij-nietje	vergeet-mij-niet:n
vergeet-me-niet	vergeet-mij-niet:n
stekeliger	stekelig:a
stekeligst	stekelig:a
stekelige	stekelig:a
stekeligere	stekelig:a
stekeligste	stekelig:a
wilgentenen	wilgenteen:n
wilgenteentje	wilgenteen:n
beukenbomen	beukenboom:n
beukenboompje	beukenboom:n
iepenbomen	iepenboom:n
iepenboompje	iepenboom:n
berkenbomen	berkenboom:n
berkenboompje	berkenboom:n
hoogheden	hoogheid:n
schoonheidsidealen	schoonheidsideaal:n
stelregels	stelregel:n
stelregelen	stelregel:n
stekeblinde	stekeblind:a
boekenplanken	boekenplank:n
boekenplankje	boekenplank:n
lampetten	lampet:n
minnebrieven	minnebrief:n
minnebriefje	minnebrief:n
groefkopadders	groefkopadder:n
bosmeesters	bosmeester:n
zeekrokodillen	zeekrokodil:n
polyglottische	polyglottisch:a
reddingswerkers	reddingswerker:n
paardenfokkers	paardenfokker:n
fokkers	fokker:n
renpaarden	renpaard:n
renpaardje	renpaard:n
paardenrassen	paardenras:n
paardentrams	paardentram:n
paardrijders	paardrijder:n
paardrijdertje	paardrijder:n
kanonneerboten	kanonneerboot:n
kanonneerbootje	kanonneerboot:n
kanonneer	kanonneren:v
kanonneerde	kanonneren:v
kanonneert	kanonneren:v
kanonneerden	kanonneren:v
kanonnerend	kanonneren:v
gekanonneerd	kanonneren:v
mosdiertjes	mosdiertje:n
kjoeter	kjoet:a
kjoetst	kjoet:a
kjoetere	kjoet:a
kjoetste	kjoet:a
teamsporten	teamsport:n
klankwetten	klankwet:n
klankwetje	klankwet:n
stadsmuurtje	stadsmuur:n
stadskernen	stadskern:n
provinciesteden	provinciestad:n
provinciestadje	provinciestad:n
handelssteden	handelsstad:n
handelsstadje	handelsstad:n
nachtapothekers	nachtapotheker:n
sodomieten	sodomiet:n
sodomietje	sodomiet:n
vroeggeboorten	vroeggeboorte:n
vroeggeboortes	vroeggeboorte:n
inktstaven	inktstaaf:n
inktstaafje	inktstaaf:n
vegetaties	vegetatie:n
begroeiingen	begroeiing:n
heterogeniteiten	heterogeniteit:n
overdonder	overdonderen:v
overdonderde	overdonderen:v
overdondert	overdonderen:v
overdonderden	overdonderen:v
overdonderend	overdonderen:v
overdonderd	overdonderen:v
overbluf	overbluffen:v
overblufte	overbluffen:v
overbluft	overbluffen:v
overbluften	overbluffen:v
overbluffend	overbluffen:v
overgroei	overgroeien:v
overgroeide	overgroeien:v
overgroeit	overgroeien:v
overgroeiden	overgroeien:v
overgroeiend	overgroeien:v
overgroeid	overgroeien:v
overbrug	overbruggen:v
overbrugde	overbruggen:v
overbrugt	overbruggen:v
overbrugden	overbruggen:v
overbruggend	overbruggen:v
overbrugd	overbruggen:v
overtroef	overtroeven:v
overtroefde	overtroeven:v
overtroeft	overtroeven:v
overtroefden	overtroeven:v
overtroevend	overtroeven:v
overtroefd	overtroeven:v
overbelicht	overbelichten:v
overbelichtte	overbelichten:v
overbelichtten	overbelichten:v
overbelichtend	overbelichten:v
vetkleppen	vetklep:n
vetklepje	vetklep:n
begrippenkaders	begrippenkader:n
onbeteugelbaarder	onbeteugelbaar:a
onbeteugelbaarst	onbeteugelbaar:a
onbeteugelbare	onbeteugelbaar:a
onbeteugelbaardere	onbeteugelbaar:a
onbeteugelbaarste	onbeteugelbaar:a
hoefijzermagneten	hoefijzermagneet:n
koelkastmagneten	koelkastmagneet:n
koelkastmagneetje	koelkastmagneet:n
magneetkrachten	magneetkracht:n
magneetkoppen	magneetkop:n
natuurmagneten	natuurmagneet:n
broodjeaapverhalen	broodjeaapverhaal:n
Amerikanski's	Amerikanski:n
zorgverzekeringen	zorgverzekering:n
zorgverzekeraars	zorgverzekeraar:n
verzekeringsmaatschappijen	verzekeringsmaatschappij:n
autoverzekeringen	autoverzekering:n
reservewielen	reservewiel:n
reservebanden	reserveband:n
reservelegers	reserveleger:n
vetreserves	vetreserve:n
vechtpartijen	vechtpartij:n
vechtpartijtje	vechtpartij:n
bevoel	bevoelen:v
bevoelde	bevoelen:v
bevoelt	bevoelen:v
bevoelden	bevoelen:v
bevoelend	bevoelen:v
bevoeld	bevoelen:v
vervlaams	vervlaamsen:v
vervlaamste	vervlaamsen:v
vervlaamst	vervlaamsen:v
vervlaamsten	vervlaamsen:v
vervlaamsend	vervlaamsen:v
hectometerpalen	hectometerpaal:n
hectometerpaaltje	hectometerpaal:n
traptreden	traptree:n
traptreeën	traptree:n
traptreetje	traptree:n
traptrede	traptree:n
thermoskannen	thermoskan:n
thermoskannetje	thermoskan:n
thermosflessen	thermosfles:n
thermosflesje	thermosfles:n
thermosflesch	thermosfles:n
portierramen	portierraam:n
portierraampje	portierraam:n
waarsmannen	waarsman:n
concullega	conculega:n
bankroven	bankroof:n
boerenlullen	boerenlul:n
boerenlulletje	boerenlul:n
kutlullen	kutlul:n
stopzet	stopzetten:v
stopzette	stopzetten:v
stopzettend	stopzetten:v
stopgezet	stopzetten:v
minizuilen	minizuil:n
minizuiltje	minizuil:n
achterpoorten	achterpoort:n
achterpoortje	achterpoort:n
voortstuwingen	voortstuwing:n
voortstuwinkje	voortstuwing:n
ondertitel	ondertitelen:v
ondertitelde	ondertitelen:v
ondertitelt	ondertitelen:v
ondertitelden	ondertitelen:v
ondertitelend	ondertitelen:v
ondertiteld	ondertitelen:v
aseksuele	aseksueel:a
optimaten	optimaat:n
goudbaren	goudbaar:n
goudbaartje	goudbaar:n
geboortedefecten	geboortedefect:n
afborg	afborgen:v
afborgde	afborgen:v
afborgt	afborgen:v
afborgden	afborgen:v
afborgend	afborgen:v
afgeborgd	afborgen:v
bandfabrieken	bandfabriek:n
spaceshuttles	spaceshuttle:n
dissels	dissel:n
disseltje	dissel:n
topprioriteiten	topprioriteit:n
standaardwerken	standaardwerk:n
standaardwerkje	standaardwerk:n
droogmakerijen	droogmakerij:n
droogmakerijtje	droogmakerij:n
saluutschoten	saluutschot:n
gegadigder	gegadigd:a
gegadigst	gegadigd:a
postkoetsen	postkoets:n
postkoetsje	postkoets:n
dimorfe	dimorf:a
oprijlanen	oprijlaan:n
oprijlaantje	oprijlaan:n
hannes	hannesen:v
hanneste	hannesen:v
hannest	hannesen:v
hannesten	hannesen:v
hannesend	hannesen:v
gehannest	hannesen:v
fietsenhokken	fietsenhok:n
tegeltjeswijsheden	tegeltjeswijsheid:n
pleisterplaatsen	pleisterplaats:n
pleisterplaatsje	pleisterplaats:n
kutkinderen	kutkind:n
kutkindje	kutkind:n
dagbladpersen	dagbladpers:n
besturingseenheden	besturingseenheid:n
huistelefonen	huistelefoon:n
huistelefoontje	huistelefoon:n
telefoonverbindingen	telefoonverbinding:n
zuurstokken	zuurstok:n
zuurstokje	zuurstok:n
bijhorender	bijhorend:a
bijhorendst	bijhorend:a
lesplannen	lesplan:n
lesplannetje	lesplan:n
appelbeignets	appelbeignet:n
appelbeignetje	appelbeignet:n
dictionaires	dictionaire:n
uitspansels	uitspansel:n
uitspanseltje	uitspansel:n
wederkeriger	wederkerig:a
wederkerigst	wederkerig:a
wederkerige	wederkerig:a
welopgevoede	welopgevoed:a
alomtegenwoordigheden	alomtegenwoordigheid:n
duurvormen	duurvorm:n
dwarsbalken	dwarsbalk:n
dwarsbalkje	dwarsbalk:n
varenbladeren	varenblad:n
varenblaadje	varenblad:n
zwaartekrachtbronnen	zwaartekrachtbron:n
zwaartekrachtbronnetje	zwaartekrachtbron:n
steekpartijen	steekpartij:n
steekpartijtje	steekpartij:n
opruiingen	opruiing:n
openbarst	openbarsten:v
openbarstte	openbarsten:v
openbarstten	openbarsten:v
openbarstend	openbarsten:v
opengebarsten	openbarsten:v
ondergronden	ondergrond:n
ondergrondje	ondergrond:n
uitbrakte	uitbrakken:v
uitbrakt	uitbrakken:v
uitbrakten	uitbrakken:v
uitbrakkend	uitbrakken:v
uitgebrakt	uitbrakken:v
dichtplak	dichtplakken:v
dichtplakte	dichtplakken:v
dichtplakt	dichtplakken:v
dichtplakten	dichtplakken:v
dichtplakkend	dichtplakken:v
dichtgeplakt	dichtplakken:v
superheldinnen	superheldin:n
superheldinnetje	superheldin:n
vloerverwarmingen	vloerverwarming:n
kerstdiners	kerstdiner:n
kerstdinertje	kerstdiner:n
kerstmuziekje	kerstmuziek:n
texasbroeken	texasbroek:n
alcoholvrije	alcoholvrij:a
actualiteitenprogramma's	actualiteitenprogramma:n
kerstvakanties	kerstvakantie:n
bangalijsten	bangalijst:n
jeugdculturen	jeugdcultuur:n
geruststellingen	geruststelling:n
slavenschepen	slavenschip:n
slavenscheepje	slavenschip:n
galeislaven	galeislaaf:n
huisslaven	huisslaaf:n
huisslaafje	huisslaaf:n
seksslaven	seksslaaf:n
seksslaafje	seksslaaf:n
subversiever	subversief:a
subversiefst	subversief:a
subversieve	subversief:a
subversievere	subversief:a
subversiefste	subversief:a
zieltoog	zieltogen:v
zieltoogde	zieltogen:v
zieltoogt	zieltogen:v
zieltoogden	zieltogen:v
zieltogend	zieltogen:v
gezieltoogd	zieltogen:v
gevorkter	gevorkt:a
gevorktst	gevorkt:a
erkers	erker:n
erkertje	erker:n
burelen	bureel:n
bureeltje	bureel:n
bezettingszones	bezettingszone:n
toiletbrillen	toiletbril:n
wc-brillen	wc-bril:n
klapstoelen	klapstoel:n
klapstoeltje	klapstoel:n
slaafser	slaafs:a
slaafst	slaafs:a
slaafse	slaafs:a
slaafsere	slaafs:a
slaafste	slaafs:a
opklapbedden	opklapbed:n
opklapbedje	opklapbed:n
suikerzieke	suikerziek:a
grondwettelijke	grondwettelijk:a
zadelmakers	zadelmaker:n
zadelmakertje	zadelmaker:n
operatiekamers	operatiekamer:n
operatiekamertje	operatiekamer:n
doka's	doka:n
dokaatje	doka:n
eretekens	ereteken:n
eretekenen	ereteken:n
amateurschilders	amateurschilder:n
spelevaar	spelevaren:v
spelevaarde	spelevaren:v
spelevaart	spelevaren:v
spelevaarden	spelevaren:v
spelevarend	spelevaren:v
gespelevaard	spelevaren:v
seksualiteiten	seksualiteit:n
sterftecijfers	sterftecijfer:n
tangverlossingen	tangverlossing:n
stuitliggingen	stuitligging:n
stuitbevallingen	stuitbevalling:n
keelkankers	keelkanker:n
wachtkamers	wachtkamer:n
Noordfriezen	Noordfries:n
Noordfriese	Noordfries:a
zwaartekrachtputten	zwaartekrachtput:n
zwaartekrachtputje	zwaartekrachtput:n
gelijkaardiger	gelijkaardig:a
gelijkaardigst	gelijkaardig:a
gelijkaardige	gelijkaardig:a
gelijkaardigere	gelijkaardig:a
gelijkaardigste	gelijkaardig:a
stoef	stoefen:v
stoefte	stoefen:v
stoeft	stoefen:v
stoeften	stoefen:v
stoefend	stoefen:v
gestoeft	stoefen:v
snoef	snoeven:v
snoefde	snoeven:v
snoeft	snoeven:v
snoefden	snoeven:v
snoevend	snoeven:v
gesnoefd	snoeven:v
kijkoperaties	kijkoperatie:n
bladcactussen	bladcactus:n
blauwhelmen	blauwhelm:n
werkverschaffingen	werkverschaffing:n
dagbladzegels	dagbladzegel:n
internaten	internaat:n
internaatje	internaat:n
geleidehonden	geleidehond:n
geleidehondje	geleidehond:n
bloemetjesjurken	bloemetjesjurk:n
bloemetjesjurkje	bloemetjesjurk:n
huizenblokken	huizenblok:n
huizenblokje	huizenblok:n
blootsvoetse	blootsvoets:a
voedselvergiftigingen	voedselvergiftiging:n
zeewaardiger	zeewaardig:a
zeewaardigst	zeewaardig:a
zeewaardige	zeewaardig:a
zeewaardigere	zeewaardig:a
zeewaardigste	zeewaardig:a
bodybuildsters	bodybuildster:n
boeddhisten	boeddhist:n
boekenwijsheden	boekenwijsheid:n
ruikers	ruiker:n
ruikertje	ruiker:n
handruikers	handruiker:n
boedelscheidingen	boedelscheiding:n
kloosterboerderijen	kloosterboerderij:n
veiligheidsbrillen	veiligheidsbril:n
veiligheidsbrilletje	veiligheidsbril:n
brilsmurfen	brilsmurf:n
duikbrillen	duikbril:n
duikbrilletje	duikbril:n
brillenglazen	brillenglas:n
brillenglaasje	brillenglas:n
brilmonturen	brilmontuur:n
brilmontuurtje	brilmontuur:n
brillenpoten	brillenpoot:n
brillenpootje	brillenpoot:n
ecotonen	ecotoon:n
mesolithische	mesolithisch:a
jager-verzamelaars	jager-verzamelaar:n
jagers-verzamelaars	jager-verzamelaar:n
paleolithische	paleolithisch:a
jaarwisselingen	jaarwisseling:n
rentmeesters	rentmeester:n
klimaatspijbelaars	klimaatspijbelaar:n
tussentitels	tussentitel:n
tussentiteltje	tussentitel:n
bijtel	bijtellen:v
bijtelde	bijtellen:v
bijtelt	bijtellen:v
bijtelden	bijtellen:v
bijtellend	bijtellen:v
bijgeteld	bijtellen:v
alcoholtests	alcoholtest:n
alcoholtesten	alcoholtest:n
modeshows	modeshow:n
modeshowtje	modeshow:n
huwelijkspartners	huwelijkspartner:n
huwelijkspartnertje	huwelijkspartner:n
Texaanse	Texaans:a
aartsketters	aartsketter:n
aartskettertje	aartsketter:n
verfoeilijker	verfoeilijk:a
verfoeilijkst	verfoeilijk:a
bingede	bingen:v
binget	bingen:v
bingeden	bingen:v
bingend	bingen:v
gebinged	bingen:v
bingete	bingen:v
bingeten	bingen:v
gebinget	bingen:v
stapelmeervouden	stapelmeervoud:n
debuutsingles	debuutsingle:n
kopiisten	kopiist:n
kopiistes	kopiiste:n
mannetjesputters	mannetjesputter:n
dierenhuiden	dierenhuid:n
dierenhuidje	dierenhuid:n
kloosterscholen	kloosterschool:n
kloosterschooltje	kloosterschool:n
geboortige	geboortig:a
nieuwjaarsnachten	nieuwjaarsnacht:n
stadsnegers	stadsneger:n
wasrekken	wasrek:n
wasrekje	wasrek:n
droogrekken	droogrek:n
droogrekje	droogrek:n
botermarkten	botermarkt:n
kleinoden	kleinood:n
kleinodiën	kleinood:n
kleinoodje	kleinood:n
erflaters	erflater:n
Euregio's	Euregio:n
flinterdunne	flinterdun:a|sterk:a
schuilkelders	schuilkelder:n
schuilkeldertje	schuilkelder:n
handelsembargo's	handelsembargo:n
bosranden	bosrand:n
bosrandje	bosrand:n
klankwerelden	klankwereld:n
lokprofielen	lokprofiel:n
lokfietsen	lokfiets:n
lokvogels	lokvogel:n
lokvogeltje	lokvogel:n
lokeenden	lokeend:n
lokeendje	lokeend:n
bolletjestruien	bolletjestrui:n
cakeblikken	cakeblik:n
gehaktstaven	gehaktstaaf:n
gehaktstaafje	gehaktstaaf:n
takelwagens	takelwagen:n
takelwagentje	takelwagen:n
ijskappen	ijskap:n
spoorbruggen	spoorbrug:n
spoorbruggetje	spoorbrug:n
bankafschriften	bankafschrift:n
bankafschriftje	bankafschrift:n
convexiteiten	convexiteit:n
paskamers	paskamer:n
paskamertje	paskamer:n
natafellen	natafelen:v
natafel	natafelen:v
natafelde	natafelen:v
natafelt	natafelen:v
natafelden	natafelen:v
natafellend	natafelen:v
nagetafeld	natafelen:v
zijspanwagens	zijspanwagen:n
zijspanwagentje	zijspanwagen:n
kattenbakken	kattenbak:n
kattenbakje	kattenbak:n
vaderlandslievender	vaderlandslievend:a
vaderlandslievendst	vaderlandslievend:a
vaderlandslievende	vaderlandslievend:a
vaderlandslievendere	vaderlandslievend:a
vaderlandslievendste	vaderlandslievend:a
hazewindhonden	hazewindhond:n
hazewindhondje	hazewindhond:n
vechthonden	vechthond:n
rashonden	rashond:n
rashondje	rashond:n
sledehonden	sledehond:n
straathonden	straathond:n
straathondje	straathond:n
hulphonden	hulphond:n
hulphondje	hulphond:n
hondenkotten	hondenkot:n
Oostfriese	Oostfries:a
Oostfriezen	Oostfries:n
donnies	donnie:n
kleinzieliger	kleinzielig:a
kleinzieligst	kleinzielig:a
kleinzielige	kleinzielig:a
kleinzieligere	kleinzielig:a
kleinzieligste	kleinzielig:a
kerstnachten	kerstnacht:n
zelfverrijkingen	zelfverrijking:n
zonnelenen	zonneleen:n
zonneleentje	zonneleen:n
hondenbanen	hondenbaan:n
hondenbaantje	hondenbaan:n
rechtsstatelijke	rechtsstatelijk:a
parafen	paraaf:n
paraafje	paraaf:n
baardwalvissen	baardwalvis:n
roofzoogdieren	roofzoogdier:n
zoetigheden	zoetigheid:n
zoetigheidje	zoetigheid:n
kledingrekken	kledingrek:n
kledingrekje	kledingrek:n
nieuwlichters	nieuwlichter:n
nieuwlichtertje	nieuwlichter:n
molengangen	molengang:n
Onzevaders	Onzevader:n
fransijnen	fransijn:n
deelneemsters	deelneemster:n
kanseliers	kanselier:n
kanselieren	kanselier:n
kanseliertje	kanselier:n
brisantgranaten	brisantgranaat:n
goudstaven	goudstaaf:n
goudstaafje	goudstaaf:n
kloostertuinen	kloostertuin:n
kloostertuintje	kloostertuin:n
selectiespelers	selectiespeler:n
Afro-Surinamers	Afro-Surinamer:n
hitlijsten	hitlijst:n
hitlijstje	hitlijst:n
retabels	retabel:n
retabeltje	retabel:n
arrestatiebevelen	arrestatiebevel:n
arrestatiebevelletje	arrestatiebevel:n
aanhoudingsbevelen	aanhoudingsbevel:n
aanhoudingsbevelletje	aanhoudingsbevel:n
Javanen	Javaan:n
edelmarters	edelmarter:n
edelmartertje	edelmarter:n
bonusvaders	bonusvader:n
bonusmoeders	bonusmoeder:n
bootvluchtelingen	bootvluchteling:n
klimaatontkenners	klimaatontkenner:n
jubilaressen	jubilaresse:n
ongeregeldheden	ongeregeldheid:n
kutscheten	kutscheet:n
inentingen	inenting:n
videospellen	videospel:n
videospelen	videospel:n
videospelletje	videospel:n
jaargangen	jaargang:n
ventielen	ventiel:n
ventieltje	ventiel:n
veganistischer	veganistisch:a
veganistischt	veganistisch:a
veganistische	veganistisch:a
veganistischere	veganistisch:a
veganistischte	veganistisch:a
bekeerlingen	bekeerling:n
bekeerlingetje	bekeerling:n
programmagidsen	programmagids:n
griepepidemieën	griepepidemie:n
griepepidemies	griepepidemie:n
risicogroepen	risicogroep:n
Botswanen	Botswaan:n
Botswaanse	Botswaans:a
endemen	endeem:n
bouwlustige	bouwlustig:a
bucketlists	bucketlist:n
bucketlistje	bucketlist:n
bouwkundige	bouwkundig:a
strandpalen	strandpaal:n
strandpaaltje	strandpaal:n
brandkasten	brandkast:n
brandkastje	brandkast:n
doelpalen	doelpaal:n
doelpaaltje	doelpaal:n
paaldansen	paaldans:n
lantaarnpalen	lantaarnpaal:n
lantaarnpaaltje	lantaarnpaal:n
bewerkingsgeschiedenissen	bewerkingsgeschiedenis:n
geitenkazen	geitenkaas:n
geitenkaasje	geitenkaas:n
rijmwoorden	rijmwoord:n
rijmwoordje	rijmwoord:n
31e	eenendertigste:a
40e	veertigste:a
50e	vijftigste:a
60e	zestigste:a
70e	zeventigste:a
80e	tachtigste:a
90e	negentigste:a
bruistabletten	bruistablet:n
bruistabletje	bruistablet:n
brokstukken	brokstuk:n
brokstukje	brokstuk:n
brulapen	brulaap:n
brulaapje	brulaap:n
schijnhuwelijken	schijnhuwelijk:n
schijnhuwelijkje	schijnhuwelijk:n
bultrugwalvissen	bultrugwalvis:n
Byzantijnen	Byzantijn:n
Byzantijnse	Byzantijns:a
atoombunkers	atoombunker:n
zegedronkener	zegedronken:a
zegedronkenst	zegedronken:a
verbannens	verbannen:v
rookgranaten	rookgranaat:n
granaatscherven	granaatscherf:n
granaatscherfje	granaatscherf:n
scherven	scherf:n
scherfje	scherf:n
flitsgranaten	flitsgranaat:n
rookbommen	rookbom:n
rookbommetje	rookbom:n
schrijfkunsten	schrijfkunst:n
bromtollen	bromtol:n
bromtolletje	bromtol:n
troglodieten	troglodiet:n
troglodietje	troglodiet:n
granaatstenen	granaatsteen:n
granaatsteentje	granaatsteen:n
drieslagstelsels	drieslagstelsel:n
zomerjurken	zomerjurk:n
zomerjurkje	zomerjurk:n
tollenaars	tollenaar:n
tollenaartje	tollenaar:n
Kaapverdianen	Kaapverdiaan:n
Kaapverdische	Kaapverdisch:a
tepelhoven	tepelhof:n
tepelhofje	tepelhof:n
prijsindices	prijsindex:n
prijsindexen	prijsindex:n
ingezetenen	ingezetene:n
buitenlui	buitenman:n
geslachtloze	geslachtloos:a
geslachtsloos	geslachtloos:a
biomassacentrales	biomassacentrale:n
soepjurken	soepjurk:n
soepjurkje	soepjurk:n
Kaapverdiërs	Kaapverdiër:n
stormvloedkeringen	stormvloedkering:n
stormvloeden	stormvloed:n
autismespectrumstoornissen	autismespectrumstoornis:n
bloeddrukmeters	bloeddrukmeter:n
bloeddrukmetertje	bloeddrukmeter:n
stortregens	stortregen:n
stortregenen	stortregen:n
stortregentje	stortregen:n
stortregen	stortregenen:v
stortregende	stortregenen:v
stortregent	stortregenen:v
stortregenden	stortregenen:v
stortregenend	stortregenen:v
gestortregend	stortregenen:v
boerenmeiden	boerenmeid:n
boerenmeisje	boerenmeid:n
radiosignalen	radiosignaal:n
bergmassieven	bergmassief:n
bergmassiefje	bergmassief:n
scheepsbemanningen	scheepsbemanning:n
commandocentra	commandocentrum:n
vaccinatieprogramma's	vaccinatieprogramma:n
overheidssubsidies	overheidssubsidie:n
bantoestans	bantoestan:n
dorstlessers	dorstlesser:n
dorstlessertje	dorstlesser:n
neofyt	neofiet:n
neofyten	neofyt:n
neofiet	neofyt:n
neofieten	neofiet:n
neofietje	neofiet:n
zomermaanden	zomermaand:n
zomermaandje	zomermaand:n
lentemaanden	lentemaand:n
lentemaandje	lentemaand:n
substantivische	substantivisch:a
meisjesscholen	meisjesschool:n
meisjesschooltje	meisjesschool:n
kamermeisjes	kamermeisje:n
jongensscholen	jongensschool:n
jongensschooltje	jongensschool:n
veiligheidsadviseurs	veiligheidsadviseur:n
stamverwanten	stamverwant:n
stamverwante	stamverwant:a
veeboeren	veeboer:n
veeboertje	veeboer:n
aanschud	aanschudden:v
aanschudde	aanschudden:v
aanschudt	aanschudden:v
aanschuddend	aanschudden:v
aangeschud	aanschudden:v
straatverkopers	straatverkoper:n
straatverkopertje	straatverkoper:n
bloemkelken	bloemkelk:n
bloemkelkje	bloemkelk:n
verfsprays	verfspray:n
busschieters	busschieter:n
rotsgebergten	rotsgebergte:n
fatoe	fattoe:n
foefjes	foefje:n
kogelvrijer	kogelvrij:a
kogelvrijst	kogelvrij:a
kogelvrije	kogelvrij:a
kogelvrijere	kogelvrij:a
kogelvrijste	kogelvrij:a
liquidaties	liquidatie:n
nachtkastje	nachtkast:n
natuurgebieden	natuurgebied:n
natuurgebiedje	natuurgebied:n
opzeg	opzeggen:v
opzei	opzeggen:v
opzegde	opzeggen:v
opzegt	opzeggen:v
opzeiden	opzeggen:v
opzegden	opzeggen:v
opzeggend	opzeggen:v
opgezegd	opzeggen:v
opblaaspoppen	opblaaspop:n
opblaaspoppetje	opblaaspop:n
puntenslijpers	puntenslijper:n
puntenslijpertje	puntenslijper:n
tonologieën	tonologie:n
autosegmentele	autosegmenteel:a
segmenteel	segmentaal:a
segmentale	segmentaal:a
woordvormingen	woordvorming:n
zielsbeschrijvingen	zielsbeschrijving:n
playstation	playstationen:v
playstationde	playstationen:v
playstationt	playstationen:v
playstationden	playstationen:v
playstationend	playstationen:v
geplaystationd	playstationen:v
krantenjongens	krantenjongen:n
straatjongens	straatjongen:n
straatjongetje	straatjongen:n
weesjongens	weesjongen:n
weesjongetje	weesjongen:n
jongensachtiger	jongensachtig:a
jongensachtigst	jongensachtig:a
jongensachtige	jongensachtig:a
jongensachtigere	jongensachtig:a
jongensachtigste	jongensachtig:a
jongensdromen	jongensdroom:n
straatmeisjes	straatmeisje:n
weesmeisjes	weesmeisje:n
stalmeiden	stalmeid:n
stalmeisje	stalmeid:n
uitputtingsoorlogen	uitputtingsoorlog:n
geweldsspiralen	geweldsspiraal:n
geweldspiraal	geweldsspiraal:n
tankoorlogen	tankoorlog:n
granulaten	granulaat:n
malariamuggen	malariamug:n
malariamugje	malariamug:n
kaplaarzen	kaplaars:n
kaplaarsje	kaplaars:n
rubberlaarzen	rubberlaars:n
rubberlaarsje	rubberlaars:n
lieslaarzen	lieslaars:n
hitsingles	hitsingle:n
zuidwesters	zuidwester:n
zuidwestertje	zuidwester:n
halsbandparkieten	halsbandparkiet:n
halsbandparkietje	halsbandparkiet:n
surfbord	surfboard:n
barvrouwen	barvrouw:n
benepener	benepen:a
benepenst	benepen:a
benepenste	benepen:a
kleffer	klef:a
klefst	klef:a
kleffe	klef:a
kleffere	klef:a
klefste	klef:a
hompen	homp:n
hompje	homp:n
strijdkreten	strijdkreet:n
strijdkreetje	strijdkreet:n
oorlogskreten	oorlogskreet:n
oorlogskreetje	oorlogskreet:n
wapenkreten	wapenkreet:n
wapenkreetje	wapenkreet:n
tuimel	tuimelen:v
tuimelde	tuimelen:v
tuimelt	tuimelen:v
tuimelden	tuimelen:v
tuimelend	tuimelen:v
getuimeld	tuimelen:v
aanlijn	aanlijnen:v
aanlijnde	aanlijnen:v
aanlijnt	aanlijnen:v
aanlijnden	aanlijnen:v
aanlijnend	aanlijnen:v
aangelijnd	aanlijnen:v
eenoudergezinnen	eenoudergezin:n
eenoudergezinnetje	eenoudergezin:n
agorafobische	agorafobisch:a
agorafoben	agorafoob:n
agorafobe	agorafoob:a
dijkrechten	dijkrecht:n
hulpvloten	hulpvloot:n
omdijk	omdijken:v
omdijkte	omdijken:v
omdijkt	omdijken:v
omdijkten	omdijken:v
omdijkend	omdijken:v
mummificer	mummificeren:v
mummificerde	mummificeren:v
mummificert	mummificeren:v
mummificerden	mummificeren:v
mummificerend	mummificeren:v
gemummificerd	mummificeren:v
mummificaties	mummificatie:n
mummificeringen	mummificering:n
glazenwassers	glazenwasser:n
glazenwassertje	glazenwasser:n
brandweermensen	brandweermens:n
brandweermensje	brandweermens:n
vakmensen	vakmens:n
vakmensje	vakmens:n
eicellen	eicel:n
eicelletje	eicel:n
cyberaanvallen	cyberaanval:n
fietsbellen	fietsbel:n
fietsbelletje	fietsbel:n
Cambodjanen	Cambodjaan:n
vestigingsklimaten	vestigingsklimaat:n
koplopers	koploper:n
koplopertje	koploper:n
siervazen	siervaas:n
siervaasje	siervaas:n
vaasschilderingen	vaasschildering:n
lavalampen	lavalamp:n
lavalampje	lavalamp:n
bureaulampen	bureaulamp:n
bureaulampje	bureaulamp:n
lampoliën	lampolie:n
leeslampen	leeslamp:n
leeslampje	leeslamp:n
neonlampen	neonlamp:n
neonlampje	neonlamp:n
lampenkappen	lampenkap:n
lampenkapje	lampenkap:n
kandelaartjes	kandelaartje:n
kabelknippers	kabelknipper:n
kabelknippertje	kabelknipper:n
Brabo's	Brabo:n
dranghekken	dranghek:n
dranghekje	dranghek:n
floreer	floreren:v
floreerde	floreren:v
floreert	floreren:v
floreerden	floreren:v
florerend	floreren:v
gefloreerd	floreren:v
eenpersoonsbedden	eenpersoonsbed:n
eenpersoonsbedje	eenpersoonsbed:n
donsdekens	donsdeken:n
donsdekentje	donsdeken:n
zaaikapitalen	zaaikapitaal:n
zaaikapitaaltje	zaaikapitaal:n
nachtkasten	nachtkast:n
getijdenpoelen	getijdenpoel:n
getijdenpoeltje	getijdenpoel:n
autospiegels	autospiegel:n
autospiegeltje	autospiegel:n
rioleringen	riolering:n
douchecellen	douchecel:n
douchecelletje	douchecel:n
kredietkaarten	kredietkaart:n
kredietkaartje	kredietkaart:n
douchecabines	douchecabine:n
zeepbakken	zeepbak:n
zeepbakje	zeepbak:n
wc-papiertje	wc-papier:n
wc-borstels	wc-borstel:n
ontsmettingen	ontsmetting:n
nijp	nijpen:v
neep	nijpen:v
nijpt	nijpen:v
nepen	nijpen:v
nijpend	nijpen:v
genepen	nijpen:v
retributies	retributie:n
afvalbakken	afvalbak:n
afvalbakje	afvalbak:n
waardplanten	waardplant:n
sufkutten	sufkut:n
sufkutje	sufkut:n
Oeigoeren	Oeigoer:n
Oeigoerse	Oeigoers:a
banksector	bankensector:n
vuilnisemmers	vuilnisemmer:n
vuilnisemmertje	vuilnisemmer:n
wetsvoorstellen	wetsvoorstel:n
wetsvoorstelletje	wetsvoorstel:n
supergeleiders	supergeleider:n
suprageleider	supergeleider:n
vloerbedekkingen	vloerbedekking:n
zijp	zijpen:v
zijpt	zijpen:v
zijpend	zijpen:v
gezepen	zijpen:v
kniftiger	kniftig:a
kniftigst	kniftig:a
kniftige	kniftig:a
kniftigere	kniftig:a
kniftigste	kniftig:a
rondwormen	rondworm:n
rondwormpje	rondworm:n
zeemsleer	zeemleer:n
zeemleder	zeemleer:n
waspoeders	waspoeder:n
eurofielen	eurofiel:n
eurofieler	eurofiel:a
eurofielst	eurofiel:a
eurofiele	eurofiel:a
eurofielere	eurofiel:a
eurofielste	eurofiel:a
biowapens	biowapen:n
waterpistolen	waterpistool:n
waterpistooltje	waterpistool:n
vernis	vernissen:v
verniste	vernissen:v
vernist	vernissen:v
vernisten	vernissen:v
vernissend	vernissen:v
gevernist	vernissen:v
gsm	gsm'en:v
gsm'de	gsm'en:v
gsm't	gsm'en:v
gsm'den	gsm'en:v
gsm'end	gsm'en:v
ge-gsm'd	gsm'en:v
knijpers	knijper:n
knijpertje	knijper:n|kniepertje:n
kniepertjes	kniepertje:n
wasknijpers	wasknijper:n
wasknijpertje	wasknijper:n
wasautomaten	wasautomaat:n
wasautomaatje	wasautomaat:n
middelpuntvliedende	middelpuntvliedend:a
waslijnen	waslijn:n
waslijntje	waslijn:n
trotskisten	trotskist:n
theepotten	theepot:n
theepotje	theepot:n
bakvormen	bakvorm:n
bakvormpje	bakvorm:n
moordaanslagen	moordaanslag:n
moordaanslagje	moordaanslag:n
koelwagens	koelwagen:n
stoppenkasten	stoppenkast:n
stoppenkastje	stoppenkast:n
vliegtickets	vliegticket:n
overbelaad	overbeladen:v
overbelaadde	overbeladen:v
overbelaadt	overbeladen:v
overbelaadden	overbeladen:v
overbeladend	overbeladen:v
overschaduw	overschaduwen:v
overschaduwde	overschaduwen:v
overschaduwt	overschaduwen:v
overschaduwden	overschaduwen:v
overschaduwend	overschaduwen:v
overschaduwd	overschaduwen:v
oververhit	oververhitten:v
oververhittend	oververhitten:v
overslaap	overslapen:v
oversliep	overslapen:v
overslaapt	overslapen:v
oversliepen	overslapen:v
overslapend	overslapen:v
overprikkel	overprikkelen:v
overprikkelde	overprikkelen:v
overprikkelt	overprikkelen:v
overprikkelden	overprikkelen:v
overprikkelend	overprikkelen:v
overprikkeld	overprikkelen:v
overreageer	overreageren:v
overreageerde	overreageren:v
overreageert	overreageren:v
overreageerden	overreageren:v
overreagerend	overreageren:v
overreageerd	overreageren:v
overcompenseer	overcompenseren:v
overcompenseerde	overcompenseren:v
overcompenseert	overcompenseren:v
overcompenseerden	overcompenseren:v
overcompenserend	overcompenseren:v
overcompenseerd	overcompenseren:v
overkap	overkappen:v
overkapte	overkappen:v
overkapt	overkappen:v
overkapten	overkappen:v
overkappend	overkappen:v
aansleep	aanslepen:v
aansleepte	aanslepen:v
aansleept	aanslepen:v
aansleepten	aanslepen:v
aanslepend	aanslepen:v
aangesleept	aanslepen:v
grafdelvers	grafdelver:n
Samoanen	Samoaan:n
beschermgebieden	beschermgebied:n
Californiërs	Californiër:n
Californische	Californisch:a
Cambodjaanse	Cambodjaans:a
canonieke	canoniek:a
overlommer	overlommeren:v
overlommerde	overlommeren:v
overlommert	overlommeren:v
overlommerden	overlommeren:v
overlommerend	overlommeren:v
overlommerd	overlommeren:v
overijl	overijlen:v
overijlde	overijlen:v
overijlt	overijlen:v
overijlden	overijlen:v
overijlend	overijlen:v
overijld	overijlen:v
overvoed	overvoeden:v
overvoedde	overvoeden:v
overvoedt	overvoeden:v
overvoedden	overvoeden:v
overvoedend	overvoeden:v
overkluis	overkluizen:v
overkluisde	overkluizen:v
overkluist	overkluizen:v
overkluisden	overkluizen:v
overkluizend	overkluizen:v
overkluisd	overkluizen:v
professies	professie:n
overroep	overroepen:v
overriep	overroepen:v
overroept	overroepen:v
overriepen	overroepen:v
overroepend	overroepen:v
overtijg	overtijgen:v
overtoog	overtijgen:v
overtijgt	overtijgen:v
overtogen	overtijgen:v
overtijgend	overtijgen:v
overschreeuw	overschreeuwen:v
overschreeuwde	overschreeuwen:v
overschreeuwt	overschreeuwen:v
overschreeuwden	overschreeuwen:v
overschreeuwend	overschreeuwen:v
overschreeuwd	overschreeuwen:v
koudwaterkranen	koudwaterkraan:n
koudwaterkraantje	koudwaterkraan:n
warmwaterkranen	warmwaterkraan:n
warmwaterkraantje	warmwaterkraan:n
overschitter	overschitteren:v
overschitterde	overschitteren:v
overschittert	overschitteren:v
overschitterden	overschitteren:v
overschitterend	overschitteren:v
overschitterd	overschitteren:v
overstraal	overstralen:v
overstraalde	overstralen:v
overstraalt	overstralen:v
overstraalden	overstralen:v
overstralend	overstralen:v
overstraald	overstralen:v
overschouw	overschouwen:v
overschouwde	overschouwen:v
overschouwt	overschouwen:v
overschouwden	overschouwen:v
overschouwend	overschouwen:v
overschouwd	overschouwen:v
vrieskasten	vrieskast:n
vrieskastje	vrieskast:n
overzeil	overzeilen:v
overzeilde	overzeilen:v
overzeilt	overzeilen:v
overzeilden	overzeilen:v
overzeilend	overzeilen:v
overgezeild	overzeilen:v
overzeild	overzeilen:v
overjaag	overjagen:v
overjoeg	overjagen:v
overjaagt	overjagen:v
overjoegen	overjagen:v
overjagend	overjagen:v
overgejaagd	overjagen:v
overjaagde	overjagen:v
overjaagden	overjagen:v
overjaagd	overjagen:v
overkijk	overkijken:v
overkeek	overkijken:v
overkijkt	overkijken:v
overkeken	overkijken:v
overkijkend	overkijken:v
overgekeken	overkijken:v
overschilder	overschilderen:v
overschilderde	overschilderen:v
overschildert	overschilderen:v
overschilderden	overschilderen:v
overschilderend	overschilderen:v
overgeschilderd	overschilderen:v
overschilderd	overschilderen:v
overspeel	overspelen:v
overspeelde	overspelen:v
overspeelt	overspelen:v
overspeelden	overspelen:v
overspelend	overspelen:v
overgespeeld	overspelen:v
overspeeld	overspelen:v
goedenmiddag	goedemiddag:i
getale	getal:n
overstem	overstemmen:v
overstemde	overstemmen:v
overstemt	overstemmen:v
overstemden	overstemmen:v
overstemmend	overstemmen:v
overgestemd	overstemmen:v
overstemd	overstemmen:v
dezelve	dezelfde:t
overpraat	overpraten:v
overpraatte	overpraten:v
overpraatten	overpraten:v
overpratend	overpraten:v
godvrezender	godvrezend:a
godvrezendst	godvrezend:a
godvrezende	godvrezend:a
godvrezendere	godvrezend:a
godvrezendste	godvrezend:a
geslachts	geslacht:n
oversnij	oversnijden:v
oversnijd	oversnijden:v
oversneed	oversnijden:v
oversnijdt	oversnijden:v
oversneden	oversnijden:v
oversnijdend	oversnijden:v
overgesneden	oversnijden:v
vuurs	vuur:n
boeks	boek:n
geloofs	geloof:n
overvaar	overvaren:v
overvaart	overvaren:v
overvoeren	overvaren:v
overvarend	overvaren:v
overgevaren	overvaren:v
bloedmanen	bloedmaan:n
vrieskisten	vrieskist:n
vrieskistje	vrieskist:n
groentela's	groentela:n
groentelade	groentela:n
charitatiever	charitatief:a
charitatiefst	charitatief:a
charitatieve	charitatief:a
charitatievere	charitatief:a
charitatiefste	charitatief:a
carneolen	carneool:n
carotenen	caroteen:n
cartesiaanse	cartesiaans:a
lubbingen	lubbing:n
broodwortels	broodwortel:n
broodworteltje	broodwortel:n
valhekken	valhek:n
valhekje	valhek:n
valpoorten	valpoort:n
valpoortje	valpoort:n
cavaleristen	cavalerist:n
overlees	overlezen:v
overlas	overlezen:v
overleest	overlezen:v
overlazen	overlezen:v
overlezend	overlezen:v
overgelezen	overlezen:v
overspuit	overspuiten:v
overspoot	overspuiten:v
overspoten	overspuiten:v
overspuitend	overspuiten:v
overgespoten	overspuiten:v
overteken	overtekenen:v
overtekende	overtekenen:v
overtekent	overtekenen:v
overtekenden	overtekenen:v
overtekenend	overtekenen:v
overgetekend	overtekenen:v
overtekend	overtekenen:v
overtrek	overtrekken:v
overtrok	overtrekken:v
overtrekt	overtrekken:v
overtrokken	overtrekken:v
overtrekkend	overtrekken:v
overgetrokken	overtrekken:v
overnoem	overnoemen:v
overnoemde	overnoemen:v
overnoemt	overnoemen:v
overnoemden	overnoemen:v
overnoemend	overnoemen:v
overnoemd	overnoemen:v
overvreet	overvreten:v
overvrat	overvreten:v
overvraten	overvreten:v
overvretend	overvreten:v
cederbomen	cederboom:n
cederboompje	cederboom:n
celwanden	celwand:n
celwandje	celwand:n
celibataire	celibatair:a
hersencellen	hersencel:n
hersencelletje	hersencel:n
celkernen	celkern:n
celkerntje	celkern:n
gevangeniscellen	gevangeniscel:n
gevangeniscelletje	gevangeniscel:n
overacteer	overacteren:v
overacteerde	overacteren:v
overacteert	overacteren:v
overacteerden	overacteren:v
overacterend	overacteren:v
overacteerd	overacteren:v
overbevolk	overbevolken:v
overbevolkte	overbevolken:v
overbevolkt	overbevolken:v
overbevolkten	overbevolken:v
overbevolkend	overbevolken:v
cementmolens	cementmolen:n
centrifugaalmachines	centrifugaalmachine:n
cellulaire	cellulair:a
cellulairs	cellulair:n
cellulairtje	cellulair:n
ceintuurs	ceintuur:n
ceinturen	ceintuur:n
cetologische	cetologisch:a
Chaldeeuwse	Chaldeeuws:a
Chaldeeën	Chaldeeër:n
Chaldeeërs	Chaldeeër:n
charmezangers	charmezanger:n
onderkoel	onderkoelen:v
onderkoelde	onderkoelen:v
onderkoelt	onderkoelen:v
onderkoelden	onderkoelen:v
onderkoelend	onderkoelen:v
onderkoeld	onderkoelen:v
ondervoed	ondervoeden:v
ondervoedde	ondervoeden:v
ondervoedt	ondervoeden:v
ondervoedden	ondervoeden:v
ondervoedend	ondervoeden:v
onderverhuur	onderverhuren:v
onderverhuurde	onderverhuren:v
onderverhuurt	onderverhuren:v
onderverhuurden	onderverhuren:v
onderverhurend	onderverhuren:v
onderverhuurd	onderverhuren:v
ondertunnel	ondertunnelen:v
ondertunnelde	ondertunnelen:v
ondertunnelt	ondertunnelen:v
ondertunnelden	ondertunnelen:v
ondertunnelend	ondertunnelen:v
ondertunneld	ondertunnelen:v
ondertrouw	ondertrouwen:v
ondertrouwde	ondertrouwen:v
ondertrouwt	ondertrouwen:v
ondertrouwden	ondertrouwen:v
ondertrouwend	ondertrouwen:v
ondertrouwd	ondertrouwen:v
onderstut	onderstutten:v
onderstutte	onderstutten:v
onderstuttend	onderstutten:v
onderstel	onderstellen:v
onderstelde	onderstellen:v
onderstelt	onderstellen:v
onderstelden	onderstellen:v
onderstellend	onderstellen:v
ondersteld	onderstellen:v
onderstellen	onderstel:n
onderschik	onderschikken:v
onderschikte	onderschikken:v
onderschikt	onderschikken:v
onderschikten	onderschikken:v
onderschikkend	onderschikken:v
contr.	contractie:n|controleur:n
kookpunten	kookpunt:n
kookpuntje	kookpunt:n
voedselbonnen	voedselbon:n
onderpresteer	onderpresteren:v
onderpresteerde	onderpresteren:v
onderpresteert	onderpresteren:v
onderpresteerden	onderpresteren:v
onderpresterend	onderpresteren:v
ondergepresteerd	onderpresteren:v
onderpresteerd	onderpresteren:v
onderstuif	onderstuiven:v
onderstoof	onderstuiven:v
onderstuift	onderstuiven:v
onderstoven	onderstuiven:v
onderstuivend	onderstuiven:v
ondergestoven	onderstuiven:v
onderbetaal	onderbetalen:v
onderbetaalt	onderbetalen:v
onderbetaalden	onderbetalen:v
onderbetalend	onderbetalen:v
onderbetaald	onderbetalen:v
onderfinancieer	onderfinancieren:v
onderfinancieerde	onderfinancieren:v
onderfinancieert	onderfinancieren:v
onderfinancieerden	onderfinancieren:v
onderfinancierend	onderfinancieren:v
onderfinancieerd	onderfinancieren:v
onderlijn	onderlijnen:v
onderlijnde	onderlijnen:v
onderlijnt	onderlijnen:v
onderlijnden	onderlijnen:v
onderlijnend	onderlijnen:v
onderlijnd	onderlijnen:v
onderschraag	onderschragen:v
onderschraagde	onderschragen:v
onderschraagt	onderschragen:v
onderschraagden	onderschragen:v
onderschragend	onderschragen:v
onderschraagd	onderschragen:v
onderspan	onderspannen:v
onderspande	onderspannen:v
onderspant	onderspannen:v
onderspanden	onderspannen:v
onderspannend	onderspannen:v
onderspannener	onderspannen:a
onderspannenst	onderspannen:a
onderspannenste	onderspannen:a
onderschrijd	onderschrijden:v
onderschreed	onderschrijden:v
onderschrijdt	onderschrijden:v
onderschreden	onderschrijden:v
onderschrijdend	onderschrijden:v
onderstroom	onderstromen:v
onderstroomde	onderstromen:v
onderstroomt	onderstromen:v
onderstroomden	onderstromen:v
onderstromend	onderstromen:v
ondergestroomd	onderstromen:v
onderstroomd	onderstromen:v
onderhuur	onderhuren:v
onderhuurde	onderhuren:v
onderhuurt	onderhuren:v
onderhuurden	onderhuren:v
onderhurend	onderhuren:v
ondergehuurd	onderhuren:v
onderhuurd	onderhuren:v
onderhei	onderheien:v
onderheide	onderheien:v
onderheit	onderheien:v
onderheiden	onderheien:v
onderheiend	onderheien:v
ondergeheid	onderheien:v
onderheid	onderheien:v
poepchinezen	poepchinees:n
poepchineesje	poepchinees:n
omzwerm	omzwermen:v
omzwermde	omzwermen:v
omzwermt	omzwermen:v
omzwermden	omzwermen:v
omzwermend	omzwermen:v
omgezwermd	omzwermen:v
omzwermd	omzwermen:v
omzweef	omzweven:v
omzweefde	omzweven:v
omzweeft	omzweven:v
omzweefden	omzweven:v
omzwevend	omzweven:v
omgezweefd	omzweven:v
omzweefd	omzweven:v
omwoel	omwoelen:v
omwoelde	omwoelen:v
omwoelt	omwoelen:v
omwoelden	omwoelen:v
omwoelend	omwoelen:v
omgewoeld	omwoelen:v
omwoeld	omwoelen:v
omvlieg	omvliegen:v
omvloog	omvliegen:v
omvliegt	omvliegen:v
omvlogen	omvliegen:v
omvliegend	omvliegen:v
omgevlogen	omvliegen:v
hartverwarmende	hartverwarmend:a
misdraag	misdragen:v
misdroeg	misdragen:v
misdraagt	misdragen:v
misdroegen	misdragen:v
misdragend	misdragen:v
mismaak	mismaken:v
mismaakte	mismaken:v
mismaakt	mismaken:v
mismaakten	mismaken:v
mismakend	mismaken:v
misvorm	misvormen:v
misvormde	misvormen:v|misvormd:a
misvormt	misvormen:v
misvormden	misvormen:v
misvormend	misvormen:v
misvormd	misvormen:v
mishaag	mishagen:v
mishaagde	mishagen:v
mishaagt	mishagen:v
mishaagden	mishagen:v
mishagend	mishagen:v
mishaagd	mishagen:v
misgrijp	misgrijpen:v
misgreep	misgrijpen:v
misgrijpt	misgrijpen:v
misgrepen	misgrijpen:v
misgrijpend	misgrijpen:v
misgegrepen	misgrijpen:v
promoot	promoten:v
promootte	promoten:v
promootten	promoten:v
promotend	promoten:v
gepromoot	promoten:v
voedselbronnen	voedselbron:n
protocollairder	protocollair:a
protocollairst	protocollair:a
protocollaire	protocollair:a
protocollairdere	protocollair:a
protocollairste	protocollair:a
volksvijanden	volksvijand:n
vanderwaalskrachten	vanderwaalskracht:n
vanderwaalskrachtje	vanderwaalskracht:n
vakkenvullers	vakkenvuller:n
vakkenvullertje	vakkenvuller:n
ontziel	ontzielen:v
ontzielt	ontzielen:v
ontzielden	ontzielen:v
ontzielend	ontzielen:v
ontzield	ontzielen:v
ontzuur	ontzuren:v
ontzuurde	ontzuren:v
ontzuurt	ontzuren:v
ontzuurden	ontzuren:v
ontzurend	ontzuren:v
ontzuurd	ontzuren:v
ontzuil	ontzuilen:v
ontzuilde	ontzuilen:v
ontzuilt	ontzuilen:v
ontzuilden	ontzuilen:v
ontzuilend	ontzuilen:v
ontzuild	ontzuilen:v
ontzink	ontzinken:v
ontzonk	ontzinken:v
ontzinkt	ontzinken:v
ontzonken	ontzinken:v
ontzinkend	ontzinken:v
ontzinkte	ontzinken:v
ontzinkten	ontzinken:v
ontknoop	ontknopen:v
ontknoopte	ontknopen:v
ontknoopt	ontknopen:v
ontknoopten	ontknopen:v
ontknopend	ontknopen:v
ontkool	ontkolen:v
ontkoolde	ontkolen:v
ontkoolt	ontkolen:v
ontkoolden	ontkolen:v
ontkolend	ontkolen:v
ontkoold	ontkolen:v
ontzenuw	ontzenuwen:v
ontzenuwde	ontzenuwen:v
ontzenuwt	ontzenuwen:v
ontzenuwden	ontzenuwen:v
ontzenuwend	ontzenuwen:v
ontzenuwd	ontzenuwen:v
ontvet	ontvetten:v
ontvette	ontvetten:v
ontvettend	ontvetten:v
ontwijd	ontwijden:v
ontwijdde	ontwijden:v
ontwijdt	ontwijden:v
ontwijdden	ontwijden:v
ontwijdend	ontwijden:v
ontzeil	ontzeilen:v
ontzeilde	ontzeilen:v
ontzeilt	ontzeilen:v
ontzeilden	ontzeilen:v
ontzeilend	ontzeilen:v
ontzeild	ontzeilen:v
ontzet	ontzetten:v
ontzette	ontzetten:v
ontzettend	ontzetten:v
ontwel	ontwellen:v
ontwelde	ontwellen:v
ontwelt	ontwellen:v
ontwelden	ontwellen:v
ontwellend	ontwellen:v
ontweld	ontwellen:v
ontwas	ontwassen:v
ontwies	ontwassen:v
ontwast	ontwassen:v
ontwiesen	ontwassen:v
ontwassend	ontwassen:v
ontvel	ontvellen:v
ontvelde	ontvellen:v
ontvelt	ontvellen:v
ontvelden	ontvellen:v
ontvellend	ontvellen:v
ontveld	ontvellen:v
ontveins	ontveinzen:v
ontveinsde	ontveinzen:v
ontveinst	ontveinzen:v
ontveinsden	ontveinzen:v
ontveinzend	ontveinzen:v
ontveinsd	ontveinzen:v
ontvaar	ontvaren:v
ontvaart	ontvaren:v
ontvoeren	ontvaren:v
ontvarend	ontvaren:v
ontval	ontvallen:v
ontviel	ontvallen:v
ontvalt	ontvallen:v
ontvielen	ontvallen:v
ontvallend	ontvallen:v
yoga	yogaën:v
yogade	yogaën:v
yogaat	yogaën:v
yogaden	yogaën:v
yogaënd	yogaën:v
geyogaad	yogaën:v
Nintendo	Nintendoën:v
Nintendode	Nintendoën:v
Nintendoot	Nintendoën:v
Nintendoden	Nintendoën:v
Nintendoënd	Nintendoën:v
geNintendood	Nintendoën:v
koolmezen	koolmees:n
koolmeesje	koolmees:n
genoegzamer	genoegzaam:a
genoegzaamst	genoegzaam:a
cyfer	cijfer:n
openbreek	openbreken:v
openbrak	openbreken:v
openbreekt	openbreken:v
openbraken	openbreken:v
openbrekend	openbreken:v
opengebroken	openbreken:v
opendraai	opendraaien:v
opendraaide	opendraaien:v
opendraait	opendraaien:v
opendraaiden	opendraaien:v
opendraaiend	opendraaien:v
opengedraaid	opendraaien:v
openduw	openduwen:v
openduwde	openduwen:v
openduwt	openduwen:v
openduwden	openduwen:v
openduwend	openduwen:v
opengeduwd	openduwen:v
openzet	openzetten:v
openzette	openzetten:v
openzettend	openzetten:v
opengezet	openzetten:v
openzwaai	openzwaaien:v
openzwaaide	openzwaaien:v
openzwaait	openzwaaien:v
openzwaaiden	openzwaaien:v
openzwaaiend	openzwaaien:v
opengezwaaid	openzwaaien:v
openwerk	openwerken:v
openwerkte	openwerken:v
openwerkt	openwerken:v
openwerkten	openwerken:v
openwerkend	openwerken:v
opengewerkt	openwerken:v
veemarkten	veemarkt:n
arbeidsmarkten	arbeidsmarkt:n
herbegraaf	herbegraven:v
herbegroef	herbegraven:v
herbegraaft	herbegraven:v
herbegroeven	herbegraven:v
herbegravend	herbegraven:v
ontglij	ontglijden:v
ontglijd	ontglijden:v
ontgleed	ontglijden:v
ontglijdt	ontglijden:v
ontgleden	ontglijden:v
ontglijdend	ontglijden:v
ontkleur	ontkleuren:v
ontkleurde	ontkleuren:v
ontkleurt	ontkleuren:v
ontkleurden	ontkleuren:v
ontkleurend	ontkleuren:v
ontkleurd	ontkleuren:v
ontgloei	ontgloeien:v
ontgloeide	ontgloeien:v
ontgloeit	ontgloeien:v
ontgloeiden	ontgloeien:v
ontgloeiend	ontgloeien:v
ontgloeid	ontgloeien:v
korreliger	korrelig:a
korreligst	korrelig:a
korrelige	korrelig:a
korreligere	korrelig:a
korreligste	korrelig:a
zwaardvechters	zwaardvechter:n
vechtsporters	vechtsporter:n
ledenbestanden	ledenbestand:n
hersenschorsen	hersenschors:n
ontlaat	ontlaten:v
ontliet	ontlaten:v
ontlieten	ontlaten:v
ontlatend	ontlaten:v
ontlucht	ontluchten:v
ontluchtte	ontluchten:v
ontluchtten	ontluchten:v
ontluchtend	ontluchten:v
duikbommenwerpers	duikbommenwerper:n
ontpit	ontpitten:v
ontpitte	ontpitten:v
ontpittend	ontpitten:v
ontraadsel	ontraadselen:v
ontraadselde	ontraadselen:v
ontraadselt	ontraadselen:v
ontraadselden	ontraadselen:v
ontraadselend	ontraadselen:v
ontraadseld	ontraadselen:v
ontweldig	ontweldigen:v
ontweldigde	ontweldigen:v
ontweldigt	ontweldigen:v
ontweldigden	ontweldigen:v
ontweldigend	ontweldigen:v
ontweldigd	ontweldigen:v
onttover	onttoveren:v
onttoverde	onttoveren:v
onttovert	onttoveren:v
onttoverden	onttoveren:v
onttoverend	onttoveren:v
onttoverd	onttoveren:v
okselharen	okselhaar:n
okselhaartje	okselhaar:n
ontzwel	ontzwellen:v
ontzwol	ontzwellen:v
ontzwelt	ontzwellen:v
ontzwollen	ontzwellen:v
ontzwellend	ontzwellen:v
ontvlecht	ontvlechten:v
ontvlocht	ontvlechten:v
ontvlochten	ontvlechten:v
ontvlechtend	ontvlechten:v
ontwring	ontwringen:v
ontwrong	ontwringen:v
ontwringt	ontwringen:v
ontwrongen	ontwringen:v
ontwringend	ontwringen:v
ontstijg	ontstijgen:v
ontsteeg	ontstijgen:v
ontstijgt	ontstijgen:v
ontstegen	ontstijgen:v
ontstijgend	ontstijgen:v
ontsluip	ontsluipen:v
ontsloop	ontsluipen:v
ontsluipt	ontsluipen:v
ontslopen	ontsluipen:v
ontsluipend	ontsluipen:v
ontslaap	ontslapen:v
ontsliep	ontslapen:v
ontslaapt	ontslapen:v
ontsliepen	ontslapen:v
ontslapend	ontslapen:v
ontschiet	ontschieten:v
ontschoot	ontschieten:v
ontschoten	ontschieten:v
ontschietend	ontschieten:v
balsporten	balsport:n
sportiever	sportief:a
sportiefst	sportief:a
sportieve	sportief:a
sportievere	sportief:a
sportiefste	sportief:a
ontzwavel	ontzwavelen:v
ontzwavelde	ontzwavelen:v
ontzwavelt	ontzwavelen:v
ontzwavelden	ontzwavelen:v
ontzwavelend	ontzwavelen:v
ontzwaveld	ontzwavelen:v
ontzegel	ontzegelen:v
ontzegelde	ontzegelen:v
ontzegelt	ontzegelen:v
ontzegelden	ontzegelen:v
ontzegelend	ontzegelen:v
ontzegeld	ontzegelen:v
ontzadel	ontzadelen:v
ontzadelde	ontzadelen:v
ontzadelt	ontzadelen:v
ontzadelden	ontzadelen:v
ontzadelend	ontzadelen:v
ontzadeld	ontzadelen:v
ontwoeker	ontwoekeren:v
ontwoekerde	ontwoekeren:v
ontwoekert	ontwoekeren:v
ontwoekerden	ontwoekeren:v
ontwoekerend	ontwoekeren:v
ontwoekerd	ontwoekeren:v
ontvoogd	ontvoogden:v
ontvoogdde	ontvoogden:v
ontvoogdt	ontvoogden:v
ontvoogdden	ontvoogden:v
ontvoogdend	ontvoogden:v
noodseinen	noodsein:n
koersveranderingen	koersverandering:n
koerswijzigingen	koerswijziging:n
ontvlek	ontvlekken:v
ontvlekte	ontvlekken:v
ontvlekt	ontvlekken:v
ontvlekten	ontvlekken:v
ontvlekkend	ontvlekken:v
onttuig	onttuigen:v
onttuigde	onttuigen:v
onttuigt	onttuigen:v
onttuigden	onttuigen:v
onttuigend	onttuigen:v
onttuigd	onttuigen:v
hamsteraars	hamsteraar:n
wc-rollen	wc-rol:n
wc-rolletje	wc-rol:n
ontstop	ontstoppen:v
ontstopte	ontstoppen:v
ontstopt	ontstoppen:v
ontstopten	ontstoppen:v
ontstoppend	ontstoppen:v
ontstoor	ontstoren:v
ontstoorde	ontstoren:v
ontstoort	ontstoren:v
ontstoorden	ontstoren:v
ontstorend	ontstoren:v
ontstoord	ontstoren:v
onttakel	onttakelen:v
onttakelde	onttakelen:v
onttakelt	onttakelen:v
onttakelden	onttakelen:v
onttakelend	onttakelen:v
onttakeld	onttakelen:v
ontstrijd	ontstrijden:v
ontstreed	ontstrijden:v
ontstrijdt	ontstrijden:v
ontstreden	ontstrijden:v
ontstrijdend	ontstrijden:v
telegrafeer	telegraferen:v
telegrafeerde	telegraferen:v
telegrafeert	telegraferen:v
telegrafeerden	telegraferen:v
telegraferend	telegraferen:v
getelegrafeerd	telegraferen:v
profetische	profetisch:a
sportauto's	sportauto:n
sportautootje	sportauto:n
optrekstangen	optrekstang:n
optrekstangetje	optrekstang:n
sportmannen	sportman:n
sportvrouwen	sportvrouw:n
inslechte	inslecht:a
ontmaak	ontmaken:v
ontmaakte	ontmaken:v
ontmaakt	ontmaken:v
ontmaakten	ontmaken:v
ontmakend	ontmaken:v
ontmeng	ontmengen:v
ontmengde	ontmengen:v
ontmengt	ontmengen:v
ontmengden	ontmengen:v
ontmengend	ontmengen:v
ontmengd	ontmengen:v
ontmijn	ontmijnen:v
ontmijnde	ontmijnen:v
ontmijnt	ontmijnen:v
ontmijnden	ontmijnen:v
ontmijnend	ontmijnen:v
ontmijnd	ontmijnen:v
ontmunt	ontmunten:v
ontmuntte	ontmunten:v
ontmuntten	ontmunten:v
ontmuntend	ontmunten:v
griesmeelpuddingen	griesmeelpudding:n
griesmeelpuddinkje	griesmeelpudding:n
volzuig	volzuigen:v
volzoog	volzuigen:v
volzuigt	volzuigen:v
volzogen	volzuigen:v
volzuigend	volzuigen:v
volgezogen	volzuigen:v
volgiet	volgieten:v
volgoot	volgieten:v
volgoten	volgieten:v
volgietend	volgieten:v
volgegoten	volgieten:v
volschenk	volschenken:v
volschonk	volschenken:v
volschenkt	volschenken:v
volschonken	volschenken:v
volschenkend	volschenken:v
volgeschonken	volschenken:v
vollaad	volladen:v
vollaadde	volladen:v
vollaadt	volladen:v
vollaadden	volladen:v
volladend	volladen:v
doventolken	doventolk:n
honkbalvelden	honkbalveld:n
honkbalclubs	honkbalclub:n
honkbalknuppels	honkbalknuppel:n
honkbalspelers	honkbalspeler:n
bankzitters	bankzitter:n
huishoudingen	huishouding:n
bevlieg	bevliegen:v
bevloog	bevliegen:v
bevliegt	bevliegen:v
bevlogen	bevliegen:v
bevliegend	bevliegen:v
banknoten	banknoot:n
banknootje	banknoot:n
spermabanken	spermabank:n
atomaire	atomair:a
geduldde	gedulden:v
geduldt	gedulden:v
geduldden	gedulden:v
geduldend	gedulden:v
omspin	omspinnen:v
omspon	omspinnen:v
omspint	omspinnen:v
omsponnen	omspinnen:v
omspinnend	omspinnen:v
omtrek	omtrekken:v
omtrok	omtrekken:v
omtrekt	omtrekken:v
omtrokken	omtrekken:v
omtrekkend	omtrekken:v
omgetrokken	omtrekken:v
hoofdverdachten	hoofdverdachte:n
pappiger	pappig:a
pappigst	pappig:a
pappige	pappig:a
pappigere	pappig:a
pappigste	pappig:a
kortingsbonnen	kortingsbon:n
kortingsbonnetje	kortingsbon:n
anticonceptiemiddelen	anticonceptiemiddel:n
noodwendiger	noodwendig:a
noodwendigst	noodwendig:a
noodwendige	noodwendig:a
noodwendigere	noodwendig:a
noodwendigste	noodwendig:a
volstrek	volstrekken:v
volstrekte	volstrekken:v
volstrekt	volstrekken:v
volstrekten	volstrekken:v
volstrekkend	volstrekken:v
berekoude	berekoud:a
ontrust	ontrusten:v
ontrustte	ontrusten:v
ontrustten	ontrusten:v
ontrustend	ontrusten:v
sleepen	slepen:v
virologische	virologisch:a
tegenzit	tegenzitten:v
tegenzat	tegenzitten:v
tegenzaten	tegenzitten:v
tegenzittend	tegenzitten:v
tegengezeten	tegenzitten:v
tegensta	tegenstaan:v
tegenstond	tegenstaan:v
tegenstaat	tegenstaan:v
tegenstonden	tegenstaan:v
tegenstaand	tegenstaan:v
tegengestaan	tegenstaan:v
ommetjes	ommetje:n
geduur	geduren:v
geduurde	geduren:v
geduurt	geduren:v
geduurden	geduren:v
gedurend	geduren:v
vermaal	vermalen:v
vermaalde	vermalen:v
vermaalt	vermalen:v
vermaalden	vermalen:v
vermalend	vermalen:v
falingen	faling:n
noodhospitalen	noodhospitaal:n
coronakuchers	coronakucher:n
coronakuchertje	coronakucher:n
vernauw	vernauwen:v
vernauwde	vernauwen:v
vernauwt	vernauwen:v
vernauwden	vernauwen:v
vernauwend	vernauwen:v
vernauwd	vernauwen:v
spitsvondigheden	spitsvondigheid:n
spitsvondigheidje	spitsvondigheid:n
geboortegolven	geboortegolf:n
klankwettige	klankwettig:a
bedplassers	bedplasser:n
bedplassertje	bedplasser:n
herrijs	herrijzen:v
herrees	herrijzen:v
herrijst	herrijzen:v
herrezen	herrijzen:v
herrijzend	herrijzen:v
onbegrensde	onbegrensd:a
bovensteden	bovenstad:n
bovenstadje	bovenstad:n
elektrolyten	elektrolyt:n
bedradingen	bedrading:n
sondeer	sonderen:v
sondeerde	sonderen:v
sondeert	sonderen:v
sondeerden	sonderen:v
sonderend	sonderen:v
gesondeerd	sonderen:v
snelverbanden	snelverband:n
snelverbandje	snelverband:n
noodverbanden	noodverband:n
noodverbandje	noodverband:n
filosofasters	filosofaster:n
filosofastertje	filosofaster:n
tulpengekten	tulpengekte:n
tulpengektes	tulpengekte:n
rangeerterreinen	rangeerterrein:n
rangeer	rangeren:v
rangeerde	rangeren:v
rangeert	rangeren:v
rangeerden	rangeren:v
rangerend	rangeren:v
gerangeerd	rangeren:v
rotseilanden	rotseiland:n
rotseilandje	rotseiland:n
esperantisten	esperantist:n
joppers	jopper:n
joppertje	jopper:n
juxtaposities	juxtapositie:n
huiveriger	huiverig:a
huiverigst	huiverig:a
huiverige	huiverig:a
huiverigere	huiverig:a
huiverigste	huiverig:a
speerwerpers	speerwerper:n
feilbaarder	feilbaar:a
feilbaarst	feilbaar:a
feilbare	feilbaar:a
feilbaardere	feilbaar:a
feilbaarste	feilbaar:a
feilbaarheden	feilbaarheid:n
onfeilbaarheden	onfeilbaarheid:n
angststoornissen	angststoornis:n
angststoornisje	angststoornis:n
badsponsen	badspons:n
badsponzen	badspons:n
badsponsje	badspons:n
lauwerbladeren	lauwerblad:n
lauwerbladen	lauwerblad:n
lauwerblaren	lauwerblad:n
lauwerblaadje	lauwerblad:n
boksbeugels	boksbeugel:n
boksbeugeltje	boksbeugel:n
internetsites	internetsite:n
heikneuters	heikneuter:n
marineer	marineren:v
marineerde	marineren:v
marineert	marineren:v
marineerden	marineren:v
marinerend	marineren:v
gemarineerd	marineren:v
mondkappen	mondkap:n
mondkapje	mondkap:n
viraler	viraal:a
viraalst	viraal:a
virale	viraal:a
viralere	viraal:a
viraalste	viraal:a
zoenoffers	zoenoffer:n
standrechtelijke	standrechtelijk:a
virusremmers	virusremmer:n
gastheercellen	gastheercel:n
gastheercelletje	gastheercel:n
amateursporten	amateursport:n
thuisstudies	thuisstudie:n
stinzenplanten	stinzenplant:n
stinsen	stins:n
stinzen	stins:n
striphelden	stripheld:n
stripheldje	stripheld:n
uitwateringen	uitwatering:n
stoomgemalen	stoomgemaal:n
bespreekbaarder	bespreekbaar:a
bespreekbaarst	bespreekbaar:a
bespreekbare	bespreekbaar:a
bespreekbaardere	bespreekbaar:a
bespreekbaarste	bespreekbaar:a
stripclubs	stripclub:n
stripclubje	stripclub:n
pokeraars	pokeraar:n
ridderzwaarden	ridderzwaard:n
oedemen	oedeem:n
oedeempje	oedeem:n
hongeroedemen	hongeroedeem:n
extracellulaire	extracellulair:a
luchtwegen	luchtweg:n
steekincidenten	steekincident:n
thuisblijvers	thuisblijver:n
sterfgevallen	sterfgeval:n
sterfgevalletje	sterfgeval:n
waarschuwingsschoten	waarschuwingsschot:n
bonusculturen	bonuscultuur:n
aandeelhoudersvergaderingen	aandeelhoudersvergadering:n
dopingzondaars	dopingzondaar:n
schaakmeesters	schaakmeester:n
mitrailleursnesten	mitrailleursnest:n
machtsvacua	machtsvacuüm:n
tennisballenkanonnen	tennisballenkanon:n
orkaanseizoenen	orkaanseizoen:n
topvrouwen	topvrouw:n
topvrouwtje	topvrouw:n
bouwmarkten	bouwmarkt:n
stadstaten	stadstaat:n
stadstaatje	stadstaat:n
Odyssea	Odyssee:m
warmoeziers	warmoezier:n
matkoppen	matkop:n
glanskoppen	glanskop:n
huisartsenpraktijken	huisartsenpraktijk:n
huisartsenpraktijkje	huisartsenpraktijk:n
hoestbuien	hoestbui:n
hoestbuitje	hoestbui:n
robotarmen	robotarm:n
robotarmpje	robotarm:n
amfioenschuivers	amfioenschuiver:n
stadsuitleggen	stadsuitleg:n
sjammasjiem	sjammes:n
sjammesje	sjammes:n
uitbreidingspakketten	uitbreidingspakket:n
bloedkankers	bloedkanker:n
purperslakken	purperslak:n
purperslakje	purperslak:n
purperreigers	purperreiger:n
rokerskuchen	rokerskuch:n
rokerskuchje	rokerskuch:n
stoepkrijt	stoepkrijten:v
stoepkrijtte	stoepkrijten:v
stoepkrijtten	stoepkrijten:v
stoepkrijtend	stoepkrijten:v
gestoepkrijt	stoepkrijten:v
rietdekkers	rietdekker:n
schedelbasisfracturen	schedelbasisfractuur:n
seksslavinnen	seksslavin:n
seksslavinnetje	seksslavin:n
troostmeisjes	troostmeisje:n
pikstarts	pikstart:n
olifantenpaden	olifantenpad:n
olifantenpaadje	olifantenpad:n
internetverbindingen	internetverbinding:n
neerhaal	neerhalen:v
neerhaalde	neerhalen:v
neerhaalt	neerhalen:v
neerhaalden	neerhalen:v
neerhalend	neerhalen:v
neergehaald	neerhalen:v
hanteerbaarder	hanteerbaar:a
hanteerbaarst	hanteerbaar:a
hanteerbare	hanteerbaar:a
hanteerbaardere	hanteerbaar:a
hanteerbaarste	hanteerbaar:a
ontbraam	ontbramen:v
ontbraamde	ontbramen:v
ontbraamt	ontbramen:v
ontbraamden	ontbramen:v
ontbramend	ontbramen:v
ontbraamd	ontbramen:v
ontpak	ontpakken:v
ontpakte	ontpakken:v
ontpakt	ontpakken:v
ontpakten	ontpakken:v
ontpakkend	ontpakken:v
fraudegevoeliger	fraudegevoelig:a
fraudegevoeligst	fraudegevoelig:a
fraudegevoelige	fraudegevoelig:a
fraudegevoeligere	fraudegevoelig:a
fraudegevoeligste	fraudegevoelig:a
internetprotocollen	internetprotocol:n
ontsticht	ontstichten:v
ontstichtte	ontstichten:v
ontstichtten	ontstichten:v
ontstichtend	ontstichten:v
inbel	inbellen:v
inbelde	inbellen:v
inbelt	inbellen:v
inbelden	inbellen:v
inbellend	inbellen:v
ingebeld	inbellen:v
telekinetische	telekinetisch:a
glasalen	glasaal:n
glasaaltje	glasaal:n
nooduitgangen	nooduitgang:n
nooduitgangetje	nooduitgang:n
getuigenverklaringen	getuigenverklaring:n
hondengevechten	hondengevecht:n
internetproviders	internetprovider:n
vlaktematen	vlaktemaat:n
lengtematen	lengtemaat:n
kinnebakken	kinnebak:n
kinnebakje	kinnebak:n
internetfora	internetforum:n
internetforums	internetforum:n
internetforumpje	internetforum:n
tuinpaden	tuinpad:n
tuinpaadje	tuinpad:n
vislijnen	vislijn:n
vislijntje	vislijn:n
internetbrowsers	internetbrowser:n
transgene	transgeen:a
wortelkanalen	wortelkanaal:n
bedtijden	bedtijd:n
rozenbedden	rozenbed:n
tijdslimieten	tijdslimiet:n
reinigingsoffers	reinigingsoffer:n
Oezbeken	Oezbeek:n
routebeschrijvingen	routebeschrijving:n
routebeschrijvinkje	routebeschrijving:n
momentsleutels	momentsleutel:n
orgaandonoren	orgaandonor:n
orgaandonors	orgaandonor:n
donororganen	donororgaan:n
bloeddonors	bloeddonor:n
bloeddonoren	bloeddonor:n
schenkers	schenker:n
ddos-aanvallen	ddos-aanval:n
martelwerktuigen	martelwerktuig:n
kiestonen	kiestoon:n
kolenboeren	kolenboer:n
raketwerpers	raketwerper:n
raketschilden	raketschild:n
raketgeleerden	raketgeleerde:n
kernraketten	kernraket:n
stuwraketten	stuwraket:n
raketbases	raketbasis:n
raketaanvallen	raketaanval:n
raketbrandstoffen	raketbrandstof:n
vlieboten	vlieboot:n
hesychasten	hesychast:n
wasstraten	wasstraat:n
autowasstraten	autowasstraat:n
sanitaire	sanitair:a
derwisjen	derwisj:n
schram	schrammen:v
schramde	schrammen:v
schramt	schrammen:v
schramden	schrammen:v
schrammend	schrammen:v
geschramd	schrammen:v
schrammen	schram:n
nep	neppen:v
nepte	neppen:v
nept	neppen:v
nepten	neppen:v
neppend	neppen:v
genept	neppen:v
revalideer	revalideren:v
revalideerde	revalideren:v
revalideert	revalideren:v
revalideerden	revalideren:v
revaliderend	revalideren:v
gerevalideerd	revalideren:v
revalidaties	revalidatie:n
intubeer	intuberen:v
intubeerde	intuberen:v
intubeert	intuberen:v
intubeerden	intuberen:v
intuberend	intuberen:v
geïntubeerd	intuberen:v
intubaties	intubatie:n
oorlogsmonumenten	oorlogsmonument:n
oorlogsmonumentje	oorlogsmonument:n
toverlantaarns	toverlantaarn:n
poepluiers	poepluier:n
kruisraketten	kruisraket:n
kruisraketje	kruisraket:n
pispalen	pispaal:n
pispaaltje	pispaal:n
intensiever	intensief:a
intensiefst	intensief:a
intensieve	intensief:a
intensievere	intensief:a
intensiefste	intensief:a
faxnummers	faxnummer:n
faxnummertje	faxnummer:n
kakkers	kakker:n
kakkertje	kakker:n
verspan	verspannen:v
verspande	verspannen:v
verspant	verspannen:v
verspanden	verspannen:v
verspannend	verspannen:v
verkap	verkappen:v
verkapte	verkappen:v|verkapt:a
verkapt	verkappen:v
verkapten	verkappen:v
verkappend	verkappen:v
rietkragen	rietkraag:n
resusfactoren	resusfactor:n
fotobommen	fotobom:n
fotobommetje	fotobom:n
fotobom	fotobommen:v
fotobomde	fotobommen:v
fotobomt	fotobommen:v
fotobomden	fotobommen:v
fotobommend	fotobommen:v
gefotobomd	fotobommen:v
resusapen	resusaap:n
resusaapje	resusaap:n
tuinplanten	tuinplant:n
tuinplantje	tuinplant:n
plantenbakken	plantenbak:n
plantenbakje	plantenbak:n
vaccineer	vaccineren:v
vaccineerde	vaccineren:v
vaccineert	vaccineren:v
vaccineerden	vaccineren:v
vaccinerend	vaccineren:v
gevaccineerd	vaccineren:v
entstoffen	entstof:n
hangplanten	hangplant:n
hangplantje	hangplant:n
wegrestaurants	wegrestaurant:n
wegrestauranten	wegrestaurant:n
wegrestaurantje	wegrestaurant:n
postadressen	postadres:n
postadresje	postadres:n
poststukken	poststuk:n
poststukje	poststuk:n
posthoorns	posthoorn:n
posthoorntje	posthoorn:n
ooibossen	ooibos:n
postdiensten	postdienst:n
stofmaskers	stofmasker:n
stofmaskertje	stofmasker:n
stofdoeken	stofdoek:n
stofdoekje	stofdoek:n
umlautsfactoren	umlautsfactor:n
onderzeebootvloten	onderzeebootvloot:n
burenruzies	burenruzie:n
diaprojectoren	diaprojector:n
diaprojectors	diaprojector:n
diaprojectortje	diaprojector:n
fysio's	fysio:n
diapositieven	diapositief:n
diapositiefje	diapositief:n
kleurendia's	kleurendia:n
kleurendiapositieven	kleurendiapositief:n
kleuren-tv's	kleuren-tv:n
doofstomme	doofstom:a
kleurenschema's	kleurenschema:n
karaktertrekken	karaktertrek:n
karaktertrekje	karaktertrek:n
stofvrije	stofvrij:a
diapresentaties	diapresentatie:n
kruisverwijzingen	kruisverwijzing:n
verhuisdozen	verhuisdoos:n
verhuisdoosje	verhuisdoos:n
Turkinnen	Turkin:n
Turkinnetje	Turkin:n
schietgeweren	schietgeweer:n
schietgeweertje	schietgeweer:n
voorverwarm	voorverwarmen:v
voorverwarmde	voorverwarmen:v
voorverwarmt	voorverwarmen:v
voorverwarmden	voorverwarmen:v
voorverwarmend	voorverwarmen:v
voorverwarmd	voorverwarmen:v
vechtkwartels	vechtkwartel:n
boezeroens	boezeroen:n
landaanwinningen	landaanwinning:n
ridderhofsteden	ridderhofstad:n
raadsleden	raadslid:n
riddermatige	riddermatig:a
verkeersregels	verkeersregel:n
gloor	gloren:v
dorpshoofden	dorpshoofd:n
dorpspleinen	dorpsplein:n
dorpsgemeenschappen	dorpsgemeenschap:n
dorpsstraten	dorpsstraat:n
dorpsgezichten	dorpsgezicht:n
bergdorpen	bergdorp:n
bergdorpje	bergdorp:n
geboortedorpen	geboortedorp:n
geboortedorpje	geboortedorp:n
esdorpen	esdorp:n
esdorpje	esdorp:n
lintdorpen	lintdorp:n
lintdorpje	lintdorp:n
bruidssluiers	bruidssluier:n
douane-unies	douane-unie:n
verguldsels	verguldsel:n
verguld	vergulden:v
verguldde	vergulden:v
verguldt	vergulden:v
verguldden	vergulden:v
verguldend	vergulden:v
pillendozen	pillendoos:n
pillendoosje	pillendoos:n
schoenendozen	schoenendoos:n
schoenendoosje	schoenendoos:n
sigarendozen	sigarendoos:n
sigarendoosje	sigarendoos:n
taartdozen	taartdoos:n
taartdoosje	taartdoos:n
kijkdozen	kijkdoos:n
kijkdoosje	kijkdoos:n
poepdozen	poepdoos:n
poepdoosje	poepdoos:n
moedernaakte	moedernaakt:a
execrabele	execrabel:a
mediatheken	mediatheek:n
pootjebaad	pootjebaden:v
pootjebaadde	pootjebaden:v
pootjebaadt	pootjebaden:v
pootjebaadden	pootjebaden:v
pootjebadend	pootjebaden:v
gepootjebaad	pootjebaden:v
basisdemocratieën	basisdemocratie:n
elektrocardiogrammen	elektrocardiogram:n
basisdemocratische	basisdemocratisch:a
hartfilms	hartfilm:n
hartfilmpje	hartfilm:n
oogheelkundige	oogheelkundig:a
beschermgoden	beschermgod:n
beschermgodje	beschermgod:n
beschermgodinnen	beschermgodin:n
beschermgodinnetje	beschermgodin:n
livestream	livestreamen:v
livestreamde	livestreamen:v
livestreamt	livestreamen:v
livestreamden	livestreamen:v
livestreamend	livestreamen:v
gelivestreamd	livestreamen:v
vakwerkbruggen	vakwerkbrug:n
vakwerkhuizen	vakwerkhuis:n
vakwerkhuisje	vakwerkhuis:n
vakvrouwen	vakvrouw:n
vakvrouwtje	vakvrouw:n
tomatenpurees	tomatenpuree:n
tomatenpureetje	tomatenpuree:n
marionettenlegers	marionettenleger:n
marionettenstaten	marionettenstaat:n
taalcontacten	taalcontact:n
fotogenieker	fotogeniek:a
fotogeniekst	fotogeniek:a
fotogenieke	fotogeniek:a
fotogeniekere	fotogeniek:a
fotogeniekste	fotogeniek:a
kogelregens	kogelregen:n
landjuwelen	landjuweel:n
verkeersongelukken	verkeersongeluk:n
verkeersongelukje	verkeersongeluk:n
verkeersongevallen	verkeersongeval:n
verkeersongevalletje	verkeersongeval:n
eenheidstalen	eenheidstaal:n
kalligrafeer	kalligraferen:v
kalligrafeerde	kalligraferen:v
kalligrafeert	kalligraferen:v
kalligrafeerden	kalligraferen:v
kalligraferend	kalligraferen:v
gekalligrafeerd	kalligraferen:v
wegsleep	wegslepen:v
wegsleepte	wegslepen:v
wegsleept	wegslepen:v
wegsleepten	wegslepen:v
wegslepend	wegslepen:v
weggesleept	wegslepen:v
doorzeef	doorzeven:v
doorzeefde	doorzeven:v
doorzeeft	doorzeven:v
doorzeefden	doorzeven:v
doorzevend	doorzeven:v
doorzeefd	doorzeven:v
doorgezeefd	doorzeven:v
eenheidsstaten	eenheidsstaat:n
tolbruggen	tolbrug:n
tolbrugje	tolbrug:n
noodfondsen	noodfonds:n
stuifdijken	stuifdijk:n
stuifdijkje	stuifdijk:n
bestuif	bestuiven:v
bestoof	bestuiven:v
bestuift	bestuiven:v
bestoven	bestuiven:v
bestuivend	bestuiven:v
superieuren	superieur:n
inferioriteiten	inferioriteit:n
ringdijken	ringdijk:n
ringdijkje	ringdijk:n
landmeters	landmeter:n
zaagbladen	zaagblad:n
zaagblaadje	zaagblad:n
apneus	apneu:n
leeszalen	leeszaal:n
leeszaaltje	leeszaal:n
netnummers	netnummer:n
postzegelverzamelingen	postzegelverzameling:n
postzegelverzamelinkje	postzegelverzameling:n
loopneuzen	loopneus:n
loopneusje	loopneus:n
snorkelaars	snorkelaar:n
inferioriteitscomplexen	inferioriteitscomplex:n
inferioriteitscomplexje	inferioriteitscomplex:n
meerderwaardigheidscomplexen	meerderwaardigheidscomplex:n
meerderwaardigheidscomplexje	meerderwaardigheidscomplex:n
betonblokken	betonblok:n
bestekladen	bestekla:n
bestekla's	bestekla:n
desbetreffende	desbetreffend:a
desbetreffends	desbetreffend:a
wierdijken	wierdijk:n
wierdijkje	wierdijk:n
milieuzones	milieuzone:n
milieustraten	milieustraat:n
slobkousbijen	slobkousbij:n
slobkousbijtje	slobkousbij:n
wederiken	wederik:n
fietsstraten	fietsstraat:n
ploze	pluizen:v
wildroosters	wildrooster:n
veeroosters	veerooster:n
haarverven	haarverf:n
haarverfje	haarverf:n
administraties	administratie:n
abstracties	abstractie:n
administreer	administreren:v
administreerde	administreren:v
administreert	administreren:v
administreerden	administreren:v
administrerend	administreren:v
geadministreerd	administreren:v
takkewijven	takkewijf:n
addictiever	addictief:a
addictiefst	addictief:a
addictieve	addictief:a
addictievere	addictief:a
addictiefste	addictief:a
acrobatischer	acrobatisch:a
acrobatische	acrobatisch:a
acrobatischte	acrobatisch:a
activaties	activatie:n
scheepskamelen	scheepskameel:n
scheepskokken	scheepskok:n
scheepskokje	scheepskok:n
zeeschepen	zeeschip:n
zeescheepje	zeeschip:n
motorschepen	motorschip:n
motorscheepje	motorschip:n
nertsenfokkerijen	nertsenfokkerij:n
nertsenfokkers	nertsenfokker:n
fokkerijen	fokkerij:n
wierriemen	wierriem:n
pakbonnen	pakbon:n
pakbons	pakbon:n
pakbonnetje	pakbon:n
ontpolder	ontpolderen:v
ontpolderde	ontpolderen:v
ontpoldert	ontpolderen:v
ontpolderden	ontpolderen:v
ontpolderend	ontpolderen:v
ontpolderd	ontpolderen:v
tisten	tist:n
tiest	tist:n
tiesten	tiest:n
hooilanden	hooiland:n
volkstuinen	volkstuin:n
volkstuintje	volkstuin:n
volkstuinders	volkstuinder:n
haagspelen	haagspel:n
slijmzwammen	slijmzwam:n
klappertaarten	klappertaart:n
zatlappen	zatlap:n
zatlapje	zatlap:n
kamisa's	kamisa:n
proosdijen	proosdij:n
incestueuze	incestueus:a
trekbiljarten	trekbiljart:n
trekbiljarts	trekbiljart:n
hoofdbureaus	hoofdbureau:n
geschiedschrijvers	geschiedschrijver:n
pinksterdagen	pinksterdag:n
universiteitsbibliotheken	universiteitsbibliotheek:n
schoolbibliotheken	schoolbibliotheek:n
schoolbibliotheekje	schoolbibliotheek:n
Peeters	Peters:m
mimieken	mimiek:n
mimiekje	mimiek:n
gelaatsexpressies	gelaatsexpressie:n
gelaatsexpressietje	gelaatsexpressie:n
ambtsketens	ambtsketen:n
stramijnen	stramijn:n
stramijntje	stramijn:n
alfabetiseer	alfabetiseren:v
alfabetiseerde	alfabetiseren:v
alfabetiseert	alfabetiseren:v
alfabetiseerden	alfabetiseren:v
alfabetiserend	alfabetiseren:v
gealfabetiseerd	alfabetiseren:v
amendeer	amenderen:v
amendeerde	amenderen:v
amendeert	amenderen:v
amendeerden	amenderen:v
amenderend	amenderen:v
geamendeerd	amenderen:v
emendeer	emenderen:v
emendeerde	emenderen:v
emendeert	emenderen:v
emendeerden	emenderen:v
emenderend	emenderen:v
geëmendeerd	emenderen:v
voorouderaltaren	voorouderaltaar:n
onderbelicht	onderbelichten:v
onderbelichtte	onderbelichten:v
onderbelichtten	onderbelichten:v
onderbelichtend	onderbelichten:v
huisaltaren	huisaltaar:n
huisaltaartje	huisaltaar:n
zeul	zeulen:v
zeulde	zeulen:v
zeult	zeulen:v
zeulden	zeulen:v
zeulend	zeulen:v
gezeuld	zeulen:v
onderdoe	onderdoen:v
onderdeed	onderdoen:v
onderdoet	onderdoen:v
onderdeden	onderdoen:v
onderdoend	onderdoen:v
onderdaan	onderdoen:v
ondergedaan	onderdoen:v
Gerritsen	Gerrits:m
ontwei	ontweien:v
ontweide	ontweien:v
ontweit	ontweien:v
ontweiden	ontweien:v
ontweiend	ontweien:v
ontspin	ontspinnen:v
ontspon	ontspinnen:v
ontspint	ontspinnen:v
ontsponnen	ontspinnen:v
ontspinnend	ontspinnen:v
ontspinde	ontspinnen:v
ontspinden	ontspinnen:v
ontspind	ontspinnen:v
rotganzen	rotgans:n
rotgansje	rotgans:n
nijlganzen	nijlgans:n
nijlgansje	nijlgans:n
ontpop	ontpoppen:v
ontpopte	ontpoppen:v
ontpopt	ontpoppen:v
ontpopten	ontpoppen:v
ontpoppend	ontpoppen:v
ontslip	ontslippen:v
ontslipte	ontslippen:v
ontslipt	ontslippen:v
ontslipten	ontslippen:v
ontslippend	ontslippen:v
ontkroes	ontkroezen:v
ontkroesde	ontkroezen:v
ontkroest	ontkroezen:v
ontkroesden	ontkroezen:v
ontkroezend	ontkroezen:v
ontkroesd	ontkroezen:v
ontkrul	ontkrullen:v
ontkrulde	ontkrullen:v
ontkrult	ontkrullen:v
ontkrulden	ontkrullen:v
ontkrullend	ontkrullen:v
ontkruld	ontkrullen:v
rederijkerskamers	rederijkerskamer:n
ijsbanen	ijsbaan:n
ijsbaantje	ijsbaan:n
inbijt	inbijten:v
inbeet	inbijten:v
inbeten	inbijten:v
inbijtend	inbijten:v
ingebeten	inbijten:v
illusoire	illusoir:a
godsonmogelijke	godsonmogelijk:a
kathedraalscholen	kathedraalschool:n
nummerplaten	nummerplaat:n
nummerplaatje	nummerplaat:n
pamflettisten	pamflettist:n
niet-aanvalsverdragen	niet-aanvalsverdrag:n
pantserkruisers	pantserkruiser:n
kruisers	kruiser:n
werkuren	werkuur:n
werkuurtje	werkuur:n
ruggenwervels	ruggenwervel:n
ruggenwerveltje	ruggenwervel:n
zangleraren	zangleraar:n
schooljuffen	schooljuf:n
schooljufje	schooljuf:n
Londense	Londens:a
ontlijk	ontlijken:v
ontleek	ontlijken:v
ontlijkt	ontlijken:v
ontleken	ontlijken:v
ontlijkend	ontlijken:v
ontlijkte	ontlijken:v
ontlijkten	ontlijken:v
zangleraressen	zanglerares:n
Groningers	Groninger:n
Delftse	Delfts:a
Moabieten	Moabiet:n
Moabitische	Moabitisch:a
Zwolse	Zwols:a
rolstoelafhankelijke	rolstoelafhankelijk:a
rolstoeltoegankelijke	rolstoeltoegankelijk:a
meridiaankijkers	meridiaankijker:n
beitsen	beits:n
beits	beitsen:v
beitste	beitsen:v
beitst	beitsen:v
beitsten	beitsen:v
beitsend	beitsen:v
gebeitst	beitsen:v
sterrenkijkers	sterrenkijker:n
sterrenkijkertje	sterrenkijker:n
meridianen	meridiaan:n
dinnetjes	dinnetje:n
culminaties	culminatie:n
lengtecirkels	lengtecirkel:n
verkiezingsfraudes	verkiezingsfraude:n
identiteitsfraudes	identiteitsfraude:n
schoenzolen	schoenzool:n
wijnglazen	wijnglas:n
leerstoelen	leerstoel:n
notariële	notarieel:a
provinciegrenzen	provinciegrens:n
gemeentegrenzen	gemeentegrens:n
vlotbruggen	vlotbrug:n
vlotbrugje	vlotbrug:n
vlotbruggetje	vlotbrug:n
inkoop	inkopen:v
inkocht	inkopen:v
inkoopt	inkopen:v
inkochten	inkopen:v
inkopend	inkopen:v
ingekocht	inkopen:v
inkopen	inkoop:n
inkoopje	inkoop:n
lichaamsholtes	lichaamsholte:n
etsnaalden	etsnaald:n
dennennaalden	dennennaald:n
dennennaaldje	dennennaald:n
conciliaristische	conciliaristisch:a
reformeer	reformeren:v
reformeerde	reformeren:v
reformeert	reformeren:v
reformeerden	reformeren:v
reformerend	reformeren:v
gereformeerd	reformeren:v
pioenrozen	pioenroos:n
pioenroosje	pioenroos:n
windrozen	windroos:n
bosanemonen	bosanemoon:n
windkruisen	windkruis:n
windkruizen	windkruis:n
zeeanemonen	zeeanemoon:n
zeeanemoontje	zeeanemoon:n
bloemdieren	bloemdier:n
bloemdiertje	bloemdier:n
holtedieren	holtedier:n
holtediertje	holtedier:n
muggenbulten	muggenbult:n
muggenbultje	muggenbult:n
vestingsteden	vestingstad:n
vestingstadje	vestingstad:n
mystieke	mystiek:a
congregationalistische	congregationalistisch:a
heiligbeenderen	heiligbeen:n
heiligbeentje	heiligbeen:n
kerkvergaderingen	kerkvergadering:n
sensatiebeluster	sensatiebelust:a
sensatiebelustst	sensatiebelust:a
sensatiebeluste	sensatiebelust:a
sensatiebelustere	sensatiebelust:a
sensatiebelustste	sensatiebelust:a
theocratieën	theocratie:n
theocratische	theocratisch:a
theocraten	theocraat:n
dubbelmonsters	dubbelmonster:n
symbioten	symbioot:n
sensationeler	sensationeel:a
sensationeelst	sensationeel:a
sensationele	sensationeel:a
sensationelere	sensationeel:a
sensationeelste	sensationeel:a
langpootmuggen	langpootmug:n
langpootmugje	langpootmug:n
ruimdenkender	ruimdenkend:a
ruimdenkendst	ruimdenkend:a
ruimdenkende	ruimdenkend:a
ruimdenkendere	ruimdenkend:a
ruimdenkendste	ruimdenkend:a
wereldschokkender	wereldschokkend:a
wereldschokkendst	wereldschokkend:a
wereldschokkende	wereldschokkend:a
wereldschokkendere	wereldschokkend:a
wereldschokkendste	wereldschokkend:a
nieuwsoverzichten	nieuwsoverzicht:n
actualiteiten	actualiteit:n
niesbuien	niesbui:n
niesbuitje	niesbui:n
geweerschoten	geweerschot:n
fietspompen	fietspomp:n
fietspompje	fietspomp:n
inzaai	inzaaien:v
inzaaide	inzaaien:v
inzaait	inzaaien:v
inzaaiden	inzaaien:v
inzaaiend	inzaaien:v
ingezaaid	inzaaien:v
rouwkaarten	rouwkaart:n
rouwkaartje	rouwkaart:n
prenatale	prenataal:a
postnatale	postnataal:a
schamp	schampen:v
schampte	schampen:v
schampt	schampen:v
schampten	schampen:v
schampend	schampen:v
geschampt	schampen:v
zuivelfabrieken	zuivelfabriek:n
myomen	myoom:n
uitgaansverboden	uitgaansverbod:n
plundertochten	plundertocht:n
plunderaars	plunderaar:n
strooptochten	strooptocht:n
spoorlijnen	spoorlijn:n
dubbelsporen	dubbelspoor:n
enkelsporen	enkelspoor:n
eikenprocessierupsen	eikenprocessierups:n
eikenprocessievlinders	eikenprocessievlinder:n
processierupsen	processierups:n
processievlinders	processievlinder:n
herculesslagen	herculesslag:n
rekstokken	rekstok:n
bekerwedstrijden	bekerwedstrijd:n
bekerfinales	bekerfinale:n
waterkoude	waterkoud:a
ziekenhuisafdelingen	ziekenhuisafdeling:n
akkerbouwers	akkerbouwer:n
broedplaatsen	broedplaats:n
snorharen	snorhaar:n
snorhaartje	snorhaar:n
allergologen	allergoloog:n
allergologische	allergologisch:a
infectieziekten	infectieziekte:n
infectieziektes	infectieziekte:n
voedselallergieën	voedselallergie:n
kankerwijven	kankerwijf:n
kankerwijfje	kankerwijf:n
kaasvervangers	kaasvervanger:n
visvervangers	visvervanger:n
magnetronmaaltijden	magnetronmaaltijd:n
aanbiedplaatsen	aanbiedplaats:n
vangballen	vangbal:n
bergmeubels	bergmeubel:n
bergmeubellen	bergmeubel:n
trapauto's	trapauto:n
onverkoopbare	onverkoopbaar:a
onvervangbare	onvervangbaar:a
onweerstaanbare	onweerstaanbaar:a
onverdeelbare	onverdeelbaar:a
onvatbare	onvatbaar:a
onveranderbare	onveranderbaar:a
onuitblusbare	onuitblusbaar:a
onuitspreekbare	onuitspreekbaar:a
onuitroeibare	onuitroeibaar:a
onuitvoerbare	onuitvoerbaar:a
ontharingsmiddelen	ontharingsmiddel:n
krantenknipsels	krantenknipsel:n
krantenknipseltje	krantenknipsel:n
verkiezingsnederlagen	verkiezingsnederlaag:n
gebrilde	gebrild:a
fieltenstreken	fieltenstreek:n
eretitels	eretitel:n
geweldspleging	geweldpleging:n
koffieplantages	koffieplantage:n
koffieplanters	koffieplanter:n
koffieleuten	koffieleut:n
koffiemolens	koffiemolen:n
koffiemolentje	koffiemolen:n
infinitesimale	infinitesimaal:a
priklimonades	priklimonade:n
statussymbolen	statussymbool:n
schietwilgen	schietwilg:n
vloekbeesten	vloekbeest:n
onchristelijke	onchristelijk:a
menseneters	menseneter:n
lijkroven	lijkroof:n
invloedssferen	invloedssfeer:n
hemelsferen	hemelsfeer:n
sfeerverlichtingen	sfeerverlichting:n
machtssferen	machtssfeer:n
gedenkpenningen	gedenkpenning:n
mensenhaters	mensenhater:n
mensenvrienden	mensenvriend:n
glastuinderijen	glastuinderij:n
glastuinders	glastuinder:n
glastelers	glasteler:n
gevechtseenheden	gevechtseenheid:n
gevechtsvliegers	gevechtsvlieger:n
paalbewoners	paalbewoner:n
oermensen	oermens:n
mefitische	mefitisch:a
meerpolders	meerpolder:n
meerkeuzetoetsen	meerkeuzetoets:n
meerkeuzetoetsje	meerkeuzetoets:n
kanaalpanden	kanaalpand:n
fluisterboten	fluisterboot:n
fluisterbootje	fluisterboot:n
roetmoppen	roetmop:n
schapevlees	schapenvlees:n
schapievlees	schapenvlees:n
rijontzeggingen	rijontzegging:n
scheepsrompen	scheepsromp:n
scheepsrompje	scheepsromp:n
handelsschepen	handelsschip:n
handelsscheepje	handelsschip:n
rivierschepen	rivierschip:n
voorraadschepen	voorraadschip:n
scheepsvrachten	scheepsvracht:n
havendorpen	havendorp:n
havendorpje	havendorp:n
wegloop	weglopen:v
wegliep	weglopen:v
wegloopt	weglopen:v
wegliepen	weglopen:v
weglopend	weglopen:v
weggelopen	weglopen:v
pangermanisten	pangermanist:n
moderater	moderaat:a
moderaatst	moderaat:a
moderate	moderaat:a
moderatere	moderaat:a
moderaatste	moderaat:a
karakterfouten	karakterfout:n
spellingsfouten	spellingsfout:n
karakterschetsen	karakterschets:n
tijdschriftencassettes	tijdschriftencassette:n
meisjesachtiger	meisjesachtig:a
meisjesachtigst	meisjesachtig:a
meisjesachtige	meisjesachtig:a
meisjesachtigere	meisjesachtig:a
meisjesachtigste	meisjesachtig:a
strijdgassen	strijdgas:n
peppersprays	pepperspray:n
bierdoppen	bierdop:n
bierdopje	bierdop:n
flessendoppen	flessendop:n
flessendopje	flessendop:n
keizerskronen	keizerskroon:n
internetbankier	internetbankieren:v
internetbankierde	internetbankieren:v
internetbankiert	internetbankieren:v
internetbankierden	internetbankieren:v
internetbankierend	internetbankieren:v
geïnternetbankierd	internetbankieren:v
bankierde	bankieren:v
bankiert	bankieren:v
bankierden	bankieren:v
bankierend	bankieren:v
gebankierd	bankieren:v
tienduizendtallen	tienduizendtal:n
stroomstootwapens	stroomstootwapen:n
lijnvliegtuigen	lijnvliegtuig:n
lijnvliegtuigje	lijnvliegtuig:n
houttuinen	houttuin:n
elektroboten	elektroboot:n
elektrobootje	elektroboot:n
geluidskaarten	geluidskaart:n
geluidskaartje	geluidskaart:n
vliegtuigkapingen	vliegtuigkaping:n
vliegtuigkapers	vliegtuigkaper:n
bloemenkransen	bloemenkrans:n
bloemenkransje	bloemenkrans:n
stootwapens	stootwapen:n
meharisten	meharist:n
veldpredikers	veldprediker:n
aanvalsplannen	aanvalsplan:n
aanvalsplannetje	aanvalsplan:n
onderstelletje	onderstel:n
persmomenten	persmoment:n
goedgeloviger	goedgelovig:a
goedgelovigst	goedgelovig:a
goedgelovige	goedgelovig:a
goedgelovigere	goedgelovig:a
goedgelovigste	goedgelovig:a
golfslagbaden	golfslagbad:n
poedelbaden	poedelbad:n
poedelbadje	poedelbad:n
krakkemikkiger	krakkemikkig:a
krakkemikkigst	krakkemikkig:a
krakkemikkige	krakkemikkig:a
krakkemikkigere	krakkemikkig:a
krakkemikkigste	krakkemikkig:a
tweedelingen	tweedeling:n
estuaria	estuarium:n
estuariums	estuarium:n
estuariumpje	estuarium:n
wetenschapstalen	wetenschapstaal:n
spionagevliegtuigen	spionagevliegtuig:n
noodlandingen	noodlanding:n
verloederingen	verloedering:n
onbevoegde	onbevoegd:a
erkentelijker	erkentelijk:a
erkentelijkst	erkentelijk:a
erkentelijke	erkentelijk:a
erkentelijkere	erkentelijk:a
erkentelijkste	erkentelijk:a
leergangen	leergang:n
kogellagers	kogellager:n
kogellagertje	kogellager:n
zuurstofarmer	zuurstofarm:a
zuurstofarmst	zuurstofarm:a
zuurstofarme	zuurstofarm:a
zuurstofarmere	zuurstofarm:a
zuurstofarmste	zuurstofarm:a
zuurstofmoleculen	zuurstofmolecuul:n
zuurstofflessen	zuurstoffles:n
zuurstofflesje	zuurstoffles:n
mid-mids	mid-mid:n
smeltzouten	smeltzout:n
demonischer	demonisch:a
demonische	demonisch:a
demonischere	demonisch:a
demoontje	demoon:n
burggravinnen	burggravin:n
burggravinnetje	burggravin:n
kraniger	kranig:a
kranigst	kranig:a
kranige	kranig:a
kranigere	kranig:a
kranigste	kranig:a
opbeur	opbeuren:v
opbeurde	opbeuren:v
opbeurt	opbeuren:v
opbeurden	opbeuren:v
opbeurend	opbeuren:v
opgebeurd	opbeuren:v
opberg	opbergen:v
opborg	opbergen:v
opbergt	opbergen:v
opborgen	opbergen:v
opbergend	opbergen:v
opgeborgen	opbergen:v
opbruis	opbruisen:v
opbruiste	opbruisen:v
opbruist	opbruisen:v
opbruisten	opbruisen:v
opbruisend	opbruisen:v
opgebruist	opbruisen:v
kapelaans	kapelaan:n
kapelaantje	kapelaan:n
mout	mouten:v
moutte	mouten:v
moutten	mouten:v
moutend	mouten:v
gemout	mouten:v
mouters	mouter:n
moutertje	mouter:n
kompashuisjes	kompashuisje:n
moleculaire	moleculair:a
parochianen	parochiaan:n
nachtdiensten	nachtdienst:n
nachtdienstje	nachtdienst:n
pelsdieren	pelsdier:n
terpdorpen	terpdorp:n
terpdorpje	terpdorp:n
nudistische	nudistisch:a
naturistische	naturistisch:a
supermerken	supermerk:n
hoosbuien	hoosbui:n
hoosbuitje	hoosbui:n
pisnichten	pisnicht:n
USB-kabels	USB-kabel:n
USB-kabeltje	USB-kabel:n
relnichten	relnicht:n
relnichtje	relnicht:n
ruigpoten	ruigpoot:n
ruigpootje	ruigpoot:n
stoelpoten	stoelpoot:n
stoelpootje	stoelpoot:n
pootafdrukken	pootafdruk:n
pootafdrukje	pootafdruk:n
programmeerbare	programmeerbaar:a
hongerstakers	hongerstaker:n
grashalmen	grashalm:n
grashalmpje	grashalm:n
burgerdeugden	burgerdeugd:n
burgerplichten	burgerplicht:n
buitenissigheden	buitenissigheid:n
heulsappen	heulsap:n
keurvorstendommen	keurvorstendom:n
markgraven	markgraaf:n
burchtvrouwen	burchtvrouw:n
burchtheren	burchtheer:n
buitenmannen	buitenman:n
buitenlieden	buitenman:n
trompetters	trompetter:n
trompettertje	trompetter:n
kasteleinessen	kasteleines:n
muizeval	muizenval:n
partijcongressen	partijcongres:n
schoonheidssalons	schoonheidssalon:n
roodbonte	roodbont:a
ijzerdraden	ijzerdraad:n
ijzerdraadje	ijzerdraad:n
invallers	invaller:n
stopflessen	stopfles:n
straffeloze	straffeloos:a
kavelingen	kaveling:n
vrijheidsstraffen	vrijheidsstraf:n
hypocentra	hypocentrum:n
aardbevingshaarden	aardbevingshaard:n
bevingshaarden	bevingshaard:n
afplakbanden	afplakband:n
afplakbandje	afplakband:n
afplak	afplakken:v
afplakte	afplakken:v
afplakt	afplakken:v
afplakten	afplakken:v
afplakkend	afplakken:v
afgeplakt	afplakken:v
prijsvechters	prijsvechter:n
nachtzoenen	nachtzoen:n
nachtzoentje	nachtzoen:n
koorhekken	koorhek:n
legerartsen	legerarts:n
kattebellen	kattebel:n
kattebelletje	kattebel:n
kakhuizen	kakhuis:n
kakhuisje	kakhuis:n
private	privaat:a
cirkelzagen	cirkelzaag:n
heaumeau	homo:n
incontinentieluiers	incontinentieluier:n
trapliften	traplift:n
traphekken	traphek:n
traphekje	traphek:n
motorbendes	motorbende:n
bendeoorlogen	bendeoorlog:n
incubatietijden	incubatietijd:n
straatraces	straatrace:n
straatracers	straatracer:n
rolstoelliften	rolstoellift:n
rolstoelgebruikers	rolstoelgebruiker:n
geweldsmisdrijven	geweldsmisdrijf:n
gemakhuizen	gemakhuis:n
gemakhuisje	gemakhuis:n
schelpenpaden	schelpenpad:n
schelpenpaadje	schelpenpad:n
drogredenaars	drogredenaar:n
komenijswinkels	komenijswinkel:n
komenijen	komenij:n
kruidenierswinkels	kruidenierswinkel:n
kruidenierswinkeltje	kruidenierswinkel:n
straatvegers	straatveger:n
theezakken	theezak:n
theezakje	theezak:n
pyropen	pyroop:n
kalkoeneneieren	kalkoenenei:n
overtreders	overtreder:n
hospitaalschepen	hospitaalschip:n
hospitaaltreinen	hospitaaltrein:n
edelknapen	edelknaap:n
edelknaapje	edelknaap:n
hoornbeesten	hoornbeest:n
martelkamers	martelkamer:n
hoorndieren	hoorndier:n
hoorndragers	hoorndrager:n
folterkamers	folterkamer:n
koorbisschoppen	koorbisschop:n
wijbisschoppen	wijbisschop:n
hulpbisschoppen	hulpbisschop:n
geschiedvervalsingen	geschiedvervalsing:n
zonnejaren	zonnejaar:n
stoomturbines	stoomturbine:n
stoomfietsen	stoomfiets:n
stoompaarden	stoompaard:n
laadtijden	laadtijd:n
glasaardbeien	glasaardbei:n
sportjournalistieke	sportjournalistiek:a
knieviolen	knieviool:n
galstenen	galsteen:n
galsteentje	galsteen:n
losloopgebieden	losloopgebied:n
stoomketels	stoomketel:n
stoombootdiensten	stoombootdienst:n
stoombootmaatschappijen	stoombootmaatschappij:n
defensies	defensie:n
krakeenden	krakeend:n
krakeendje	krakeend:n
moefti's	moefti:n
doorzonwoningen	doorzonwoning:n
doorzonwoninkje	doorzonwoning:n
actinische	actinisch:a
roodrijders	roodrijder:n
inlineskates	inlineskate:n
inlineskate	inlineskaten:v
inlineskatete	inlineskaten:v
inlineskatet	inlineskaten:v
inlineskateten	inlineskaten:v
inlineskatend	inlineskaten:v
geïnlineskatet	inlineskaten:v
skeeleraars	skeeleraar:n
rijpaarden	rijpaard:n
rijpaardje	rijpaard:n
funshop	funshoppen:v
funshopte	funshoppen:v
funshopt	funshoppen:v
funshopten	funshoppen:v
funshoppend	funshoppen:v
gefunshopt	funshoppen:v
tentakels	tentakel:n
tentakeltje	tentakel:n
bladmineerders	bladmineerder:n
bladmineerdertje	bladmineerder:n
dorsale	dorsaal:a
markgravinnen	markgravin:n
taalliefhebbers	taalliefhebber:n
steunpakketten	steunpakket:n
fooienpotten	fooienpot:n
fooienpotje	fooienpot:n
kookpotten	kookpot:n
kookpotje	kookpot:n
oppot	oppotten:v
oppotte	oppotten:v
oppottend	oppotten:v
opgepot	oppotten:v
aardedonkere	aardedonker:a
liefdelozer	liefdeloos:a
liefdeloost	liefdeloos:a
liefdeloze	liefdeloos:a
liefdelozere	liefdeloos:a
liefdelooste	liefdeloos:a
drinkgelagen	drinkgelag:n
kauwgomballen	kauwgombal:n
kauwgomballetje	kauwgombal:n
ligweiden	ligweide:n
ligweides	ligweide:n
golfslagen	golfslag:n
waterflessen	waterfles:n
waterflesje	waterfles:n
ligbedden	ligbed:n
ligbedje	ligbed:n
luxeproblemen	luxeprobleem:n
motorengelen	motorengel:n
motorengeltje	motorengel:n
aardakers	aardaker:n
aardakertje	aardaker:n
aardbeibomen	aardbeiboom:n
aardbeiboompje	aardbeiboom:n
zwepenbomen	zwepenboom:n
zwepenboompje	zwepenboom:n
netelbomen	netelboom:n
netelboompje	netelboom:n
okkernoten	okkernoot:n
okkernootje	okkernoot:n
vlagen	vlaag:n
vlaagje	vlaag:n
kano	kanoën:v
kanode	kanoën:v
kanoot	kanoën:v
kanoden	kanoën:v
kanoënd	kanoën:v
gekanood	kanoën:v
kanoërs	kanoër:n
observeer	observeren:v
observeerde	observeren:v
observeert	observeren:v
observeerden	observeren:v
observerend	observeren:v
geobserveerd	observeren:v
helderzienden	helderziende:n
helderziende	helderziend:a
dagkoekoeksbloemen	dagkoekoeksbloem:n
dagkoekoeksbloempje	dagkoekoeksbloem:n
dagkoekoeksbloemetje	dagkoekoeksbloem:n
fakkelgrassen	fakkelgras:n
fakkelgrasje	fakkelgras:n
naaldaren	naaldaar:n
naaldaartje	naaldaar:n
hoornbloemen	hoornbloem:n
hoornbloempje	hoornbloem:n
IT'ers	IT'er:n
IT'ertje	IT'er:n
radelozers	radeloos:a
koraalbomen	koraalboom:n
koraalboompje	koraalboom:n
koraalboomken	koraalboom:n
autorijscholen	autorijschool:n
observatieposten	observatiepost:n
observatiepostje	observatiepost:n
kinkels	kinkel:n
goudfazanten	goudfazant:n
goudplevieren	goudplevier:n
goudpleviertje	goudplevier:n
goudpleviers	goudplevier:n
goudpluvier	goudplevier:n
gouddelvers	gouddelver:n
gouddraden	gouddraad:n
gouddraadje	gouddraad:n
aaks	aks:n
spelborden	spelbord:n
spelbordje	spelbord:n
sporthallen	sporthal:n
wildvreemden	wildvreemde:n
wildvreemde	wildvreemd:a
kettingreacties	kettingreactie:n
stilzwijg	stilzwijgen:v
stilzweeg	stilzwijgen:v
stilzwijgt	stilzwijgen:v
stilzwegen	stilzwijgen:v
stilzwijgend	stilzwijgen:v
stilgezwegen	stilzwijgen:v
papiergelden	papiergeld:n
salafisten	salafist:n
islamieten	islamiet:n
weergaloze	weergaloos:a
kanariepieten	kanariepiet:n
kanariepietje	kanariepiet:n
zeeleguanen	zeeleguaan:n
kettinghonden	kettinghond:n
kettinghondje	kettinghond:n
strijkorkesten	strijkorkest:n
strijkers	strijker:n
strijkertje	strijker:n
kwijtscheldingen	kwijtschelding:n
accommodaties	accommodatie:n
accommodatietje	accommodatie:n
doceten	doceet:n
interacties	interactie:n
bloedsporen	bloedspoor:n
bloedspoortje	bloedspoor:n
apocalypsen	apocalyps:n
apocalyptische	apocalyptisch:a
catechumenen	catechumeen:n
confessies	confessie:n
draagwijdtes	draagwijdte:n
onafhankelijkheidsstrijden	onafhankelijkheidsstrijd:n
onafhankelijkheidsstrijders	onafhankelijkheidsstrijder:n
ruimtewezens	ruimtewezen:n
kolonisatoren	kolonisator:n
kolonisators	kolonisator:n
vrouwmensen	vrouwmens:n
vrouwmensje	vrouwmens:n
tantrische	tantrisch:a
Janse	Jansen:m
canoniseer	canoniseren:v
canoniseerde	canoniseren:v
canoniseert	canoniseren:v
canoniseerden	canoniseren:v
canoniserend	canoniseren:v
gecanoniseerd	canoniseren:v
hoogstanden	hoogstand:n
concordaten	concordaat:n
slachtofferrollen	slachtofferrol:n
slachtofferrolletje	slachtofferrol:n
flap	flappen:v
flapte	flappen:v
flapt	flappen:v
flapten	flappen:v
flappend	flappen:v
geflapt	flappen:v
focus	focussen:v
focuste	focussen:v
focust	focussen:v
focusten	focussen:v
focussend	focussen:v
gefocust	focussen:v
hellenismus	hellenisme:n
hellenisten	hellenist:n
hellenistje	hellenist:n
postorderbedrijven	postorderbedrijf:n
sceptici	scepticus:n
scepticusje	scepticus:n
redoutabeler	redoutabel:a
redoutabelst	redoutabel:a
redoutabele	redoutabel:a
redoutabelere	redoutabel:a
redoutabelste	redoutabel:a
exhaleer	exhaleren:v
exhaleerde	exhaleren:v
exhaleert	exhaleren:v
exhaleerden	exhaleren:v
exhalerend	exhaleren:v
geëxhaleerd	exhaleren:v
inhaleer	inhaleren:v
inhaleerde	inhaleren:v
inhaleert	inhaleren:v
inhaleerden	inhaleren:v
inhalerend	inhaleren:v
geïnhaleerd	inhaleren:v
stabijs	stabij:n
chtonische	chtonisch:a
boraten	boraat:n
sonnettenkransen	sonnettenkrans:n
meestersonnetten	meestersonnet:n
telefoonbotjes	telefoonbotje:n
stroombotjes	stroombotje:n
taalgebieden	taalgebied:n
taalgebiedje	taalgebied:n
bangbroek	bangebroek:n
verderzet	verderzetten:v
verderzette	verderzetten:v
verderzettend	verderzetten:v
verdergezet	verderzetten:v
ontzin	ontzinnen:v
ontzon	ontzinnen:v
ontzint	ontzinnen:v
ontzonnen	ontzinnen:v
ontzinnend	ontzinnen:v
ontzinde	ontzinnen:v
ontzinden	ontzinnen:v
ontzind	ontzinnen:v
belieg	beliegen:v
beloog	beliegen:v
beliegt	beliegen:v
belogen	beliegen:v
beliegend	beliegen:v
voorlieg	voorliegen:v
voorloog	voorliegen:v
voorliegt	voorliegen:v
voorlogen	voorliegen:v
voorliegend	voorliegen:v
voorgelogen	voorliegen:v
aflieg	afliegen:v
afloog	afliegen:v
afliegt	afliegen:v
aflogen	afliegen:v
afliegend	afliegen:v
afgelogen	afliegen:v
doorkerf	doorkerven:v
doorkorf	doorkerven:v
doorkerft	doorkerven:v
doorkorven	doorkerven:v
doorkervend	doorkerven:v
doorkerfde	doorkerven:v
doorkerfden	doorkerven:v
doorkerfd	doorkerven:v
doorgekorven	doorkerven:v
doorgekerfd	doorkerven:v
doorweef	doorweven:v
doorweefde	doorweven:v
doorweeft	doorweven:v
doorweefden	doorweven:v
doorwevend	doorweven:v
doorgeweven	doorweven:v
doorvaar	doorvaren:v
doorvaart	doorvaren:v
doorvoeren	doorvaren:v
doorvarend	doorvaren:v
doorgevaren	doorvaren:v
klanders	klander:n
klandertje	klander:n
snuyt	snuit:n
aannemelijck	aannemelijk:a
gedeelde	gedeeld:a
graanklanders	graanklander:n
graanklandertje	graanklander:n
snuitkevers	snuitkever:n
snuitkevertje	snuitkever:n
graankalander	graanklander:n
kerfstokken	kerfstok:n
wapensystemen	wapensysteem:n
modeltreinen	modeltrein:n
modeltreintje	modeltrein:n
stafchefs	stafchef:n
gifgasaanvallen	gifgasaanval:n
alleenheersers	alleenheerser:n
ultimatieve	ultimatief:a
broedmachines	broedmachine:n
spervuren	spervuur:n
burgermaatschappijen	burgermaatschappij:n
testprogramma's	testprogramma:n
kushanden	kushand:n
kushandje	kushand:n
wereldordes	wereldorde:n
terugreizen	terugreis:n
terugreisje	terugreis:n
glip	glippen:v
glipte	glippen:v
glipt	glippen:v
glipten	glippen:v
glippend	glippen:v
geglipt	glippen:v
gevechtservaringen	gevechtservaring:n
treinwagons	treinwagon:n
treinwagonnetje	treinwagon:n
pislinker	pislink:a
pislinkst	pislink:a
pislinke	pislink:a
pislinkere	pislink:a
pislinkste	pislink:a
tegenoffensieven	tegenoffensief:n
tegenoffensiefje	tegenoffensief:n
staatsbezoeken	staatsbezoek:n
geschutstorens	geschutstoren:n
geschutstorentje	geschutstoren:n
veldkeukens	veldkeuken:n
veldkeukentje	veldkeuken:n
legerleidingen	legerleiding:n
patstellingen	patstelling:n
rijkskanseliers	rijkskanselier:n
rijkskanselieren	rijkskanselier:n
elitekorpsen	elitekorps:n
antwoordnota's	antwoordnota:n
westfronten	westfront:n
verdedigingslinies	verdedigingslinie:n
nuanceringen	nuancering:n
medeverdachten	medeverdachte:n
agiteer	agiteren:v
agiteerde	agiteren:v
agiteert	agiteren:v
agiteerden	agiteren:v
agiterend	agiteren:v
geagiteerd	agiteren:v
tijdschema's	tijdschema:n
kraamkamers	kraamkamer:n
infanterieaanvallen	infanterieaanval:n
annexeringen	annexering:n
preventieve	preventief:a
preventies	preventie:n
loopgravenoorlogen	loopgravenoorlog:n
numerieke	numeriek:a
zelfopofferingen	zelfopoffering:n
diepgravender	diepgravend:a
diepgravendst	diepgravend:a
diepgravende	diepgravend:a
diepgravendere	diepgravend:a
diepgravendste	diepgravend:a
luchtverkenners	luchtverkenner:n
tangbewegingen	tangbeweging:n
defaitistischer	defaitistisch:a
defaitistische	defaitistisch:a
defaitistischere	defaitistisch:a
executiepelotons	executiepeloton:n
aanvalskrachten	aanvalskracht:n
stuiversromans	stuiversroman:n
stuiversromannetje	stuiversroman:n
briefromans	briefroman:n
briefromannetje	briefroman:n
ridderromans	ridderroman:n
Arthurromans	Arthurroman:n
Karelromans	Karelroman:n
leugenromans	leugenroman:n
graalromans	graalroman:n
radioverbindingen	radioverbinding:n
spoorwegnetten	spoorwegnet:n
kudde-instincten	kudde-instinct:n
vestingwerken	vestingwerk:n
vestingwerkje	vestingwerk:n
zeesluizen	zeesluis:n
ontzuig	ontzuigen:v
ontzoog	ontzuigen:v
ontzuigt	ontzuigen:v
ontzogen	ontzuigen:v
ontzuigend	ontzuigen:v
ontwin	ontwinnen:v
ontwon	ontwinnen:v
ontwint	ontwinnen:v
ontwonnen	ontwinnen:v
ontwinnend	ontwinnen:v
ontvlieg	ontvliegen:v
ontvloog	ontvliegen:v
ontvliegt	ontvliegen:v
ontvlogen	ontvliegen:v
ontvliegend	ontvliegen:v
cibories	ciborie:n
ciboriën	ciborie:n
ontwaai	ontwaaien:v
ontwaaide	ontwaaien:v
ontwaait	ontwaaien:v
ontwaaiden	ontwaaien:v
ontwaaiend	ontwaaien:v
ontwaaid	ontwaaien:v
ontwoei	ontwaaien:v
ontwoeien	ontwaaien:v
ontrijs	ontrijzen:v
ontrees	ontrijzen:v
ontrijst	ontrijzen:v
ontrezen	ontrijzen:v
ontrijzend	ontrijzen:v
stuurpennen	stuurpen:n
balhoofden	balhoofd:n
verstedelijk	verstedelijken:v
verstedelijkte	verstedelijken:v
verstedelijkt	verstedelijken:v
verstedelijkten	verstedelijken:v
verstedelijkend	verstedelijken:v
inscheep	inschepen:v
inscheepte	inschepen:v
inscheept	inschepen:v
inscheepten	inschepen:v
inschepend	inschepen:v
ingescheept	inschepen:v
oostfronten	oostfront:n
kansrijker	kansrijk:a
kansrijkst	kansrijk:a
kansrijke	kansrijk:a
kansrijkere	kansrijk:a
kansrijkste	kansrijk:a
bliksemsnelle	bliksemsnel:a
slagkrachten	slagkracht:n
hoofdmachten	hoofdmacht:n
expeditielegers	expeditieleger:n
expeditielegertje	expeditieleger:n
gevoelsmatiger	gevoelsmatig:a
gevoelsmatigst	gevoelsmatig:a
gevoelsmatige	gevoelsmatig:a
gevoelsmatigere	gevoelsmatig:a
gevoelsmatigste	gevoelsmatig:a
reuzenzwaaien	reuzenzwaai:n
legereenheden	legereenheid:n
geweerriemen	geweerriem:n
deelregeringen	deelregering:n
vakbondskaders	vakbondskader:n
uitputtingsslagen	uitputtingsslag:n
beroepssoldaten	beroepssoldaat:n
inboezem	inboezemen:v
inboezemde	inboezemen:v
inboezemt	inboezemen:v
inboezemden	inboezemen:v
inboezemend	inboezemen:v
ingeboezemd	inboezemen:v
soldatenlevens	soldatenleven:n
soldatenleventje	soldatenleven:n
ongehinderde	ongehinderd:a
goederenwagons	goederenwagon:n
goederenwagonnetje	goederenwagon:n
ongecodeerde	ongecodeerd:a
inschattingen	inschatting:n
lorres	lorre:n
lorretje	lorre:n
verdedigingsmachten	verdedigingsmacht:n
oostgrenzen	oostgrens:n
drukmiddelen	drukmiddel:n
diepvriestassen	diepvriestas:n
diepvriestasje	diepvriestas:n
praatgroepen	praatgroep:n
praatgroepje	praatgroep:n
omsingelingsslagen	omsingelingsslag:n
omsingelingen	omsingeling:n
gebiedsdelen	gebiedsdeel:n
machtsfactoren	machtsfactor:n
troepenverplaatsingen	troepenverplaatsing:n
marsroutes	marsroute:n
ongedekte	ongedekt:a
bralleriger	brallerig:a
brallerigst	brallerig:a
brallerige	brallerig:a
brallerigere	brallerig:a
brallerigste	brallerig:a
bral	brallen:v
bralde	brallen:v
bralt	brallen:v
bralden	brallen:v
brallend	brallen:v
gebrald	brallen:v
veldgrijze	veldgrijs:a
veldgroene	veldgroen:a
bestraffingen	bestraffing:n
legerkorpsen	legerkorps:n
doorstoten	doorstoot:n
troepenmachten	troepenmacht:n
frontsoldaten	frontsoldaat:n
frontsoldaatje	frontsoldaat:n
tsarenrijken	tsarenrijk:n
wokpannen	wokpan:n
wokpannetje	wokpan:n
stadswijken	stadswijk:n
stadswijkje	stadswijk:n
uitkijkposten	uitkijkpost:n
uitkijkpostje	uitkijkpost:n
drilpuddingen	drilpudding:n
drilpuddinkje	drilpudding:n
filmmuzieken	filmmuziek:n
filmmuziekje	filmmuziek:n
penseelstreken	penseelstreek:n
penseelstreekje	penseelstreek:n
kratermeren	kratermeer:n
kratermeertje	kratermeer:n
jachtopzieners	jachtopziener:n
pacificaties	pacificatie:n
nekwervels	nekwervel:n
nekwerveltje	nekwervel:n
krommingen	kromming:n
botontkalkingen	botontkalking:n
krantenkoppen	krantenkop:n
krantenkopje	krantenkop:n
omleg	omleggen:v
omlegde	omleggen:v
omlegt	omleggen:v
omlegden	omleggen:v
omleggend	omleggen:v
omgelegd	omleggen:v
onbuigzamer	onbuigzaam:a
onbuigzaamst	onbuigzaam:a
onbuigzame	onbuigzaam:a
onbuigzamere	onbuigzaam:a
onbuigzaamste	onbuigzaam:a
matse	matze:n
versterf	versterven:v
verstierf	versterven:v
versterft	versterven:v
verstierven	versterven:v
verstervend	versterven:v
verstorven	versterven:v
verkavel	verkavelen:v
verkavelde	verkavelen:v
verkavelt	verkavelen:v
verkavelden	verkavelen:v
verkavelend	verkavelen:v
verkaveld	verkavelen:v
volksaarden	volksaard:n
stafofficieren	stafofficier:n
stafofficiers	stafofficier:n
overmachten	overmacht:n
telegraafverbindingen	telegraafverbinding:n
doordringbaarder	doordringbaar:a
doordringbaarst	doordringbaar:a
doordringbare	doordringbaar:a
doordringbaardere	doordringbaar:a
doordringbaarste	doordringbaar:a
guerrillastrijders	guerrillastrijder:n
titanenstrijden	titanenstrijd:n
parfumeer	parfumeren:v
parfumeerde	parfumeren:v
parfumeert	parfumeren:v
parfumeerden	parfumeren:v
parfumerend	parfumeren:v
geparfumeerd	parfumeren:v
krijgsgevangen	krijgsgevangene:n
mensenlevens	mensenleven:n
nazinder	nazinderen:v
nazinderde	nazinderen:v
nazindert	nazinderen:v
nazinderden	nazinderen:v
nazinderend	nazinderen:v
nagezinderd	nazinderen:v
besmul	besmullen:v
besmulde	besmullen:v
besmult	besmullen:v
besmulden	besmullen:v
besmullend	besmullen:v
besmuld	besmullen:v
begrom	begrommen:v
begromde	begrommen:v
begromt	begrommen:v
begromden	begrommen:v
begrommend	begrommen:v
begromd	begrommen:v
schaafwonde	schaafwond:n
recepties	receptie:n
receptietje	receptie:n
milieurampen	milieuramp:n
milieurampje	milieuramp:n
dynamieken	dynamiek:n
gebaksvorken	gebaksvork:n
gebaksvorkje	gebaksvork:n
geschiedenisboeken	geschiedenisboek:n
geschiedenisboekje	geschiedenisboek:n
veiligheidsspelden	veiligheidsspeld:n
veiligheidsspeldje	veiligheidsspeld:n
navraag	navragen:v
navroeg	navragen:v
navraagt	navragen:v
navroegen	navragen:v
navragend	navragen:v
nagevraagd	navragen:v
gluip	gluipen:v
gluipte	gluipen:v
gluipt	gluipen:v
gluipten	gluipen:v
gluipend	gluipen:v
gegluipt	gluipen:v
pimp	pimpen:v
pimpte	pimpen:v
pimpt	pimpen:v
pimpten	pimpen:v
pimpend	pimpen:v
gepimpt	pimpen:v
Sumatraanse	Sumatraans:a
Sumatranen	Sumatraan:n
Maleisiërs	Maleisiër:n
Balinese	Balinees:a
Balinezen	Balinees:n
doodrij	doodrijden:v
doodrijd	doodrijden:v
doodreed	doodrijden:v
doodrijdt	doodrijden:v
doodreden	doodrijden:v
doodrijdend	doodrijden:v
doodgereden	doodrijden:v
wetenschapsfilosofen	wetenschapsfilosoof:n
Molukkers	Molukker:n
Molukse	Moluks:a
sentimenteler	sentimenteel:a
sentimenteelst	sentimenteel:a
sentimentele	sentimenteel:a
sentimentelere	sentimenteel:a
sentimenteelste	sentimenteel:a
wetenschapsfilosofische	wetenschapsfilosofisch:a
Ambonese	Ambonees:a
Ambonezen	Ambonees:n
leesbrillen	leesbril:n
leesbrilletje	leesbril:n
tekenpapieren	tekenpapier:n
tekenpapiertje	tekenpapier:n
Bijbelvaster	Bijbelvast:a
Bijbelvastst	Bijbelvast:a
Bijbelvaste	Bijbelvast:a
Bijbelvastere	Bijbelvast:a
Bijbelvastste	Bijbelvast:a
doorkijken	doorkijk:n
doorkijkje	doorkijk:n
doorkijk	doorkijken:v
doorkeek	doorkijken:v
doorkijkt	doorkijken:v
doorkeken	doorkijken:v
doorkijkend	doorkijken:v
doorgekeken	doorkijken:v
doorkijkjurken	doorkijkjurk:n
doorkijkjurkje	doorkijkjurk:n
coronafeesten	coronafeest:n
coronafeestje	coronafeest:n
purgeermiddelen	purgeermiddel:n
purgeermiddeltje	purgeermiddel:n
persberichten	persbericht:n
persberichtje	persbericht:n
persfoto's	persfoto:n
persfotografen	persfotograaf:n
filmsterren	filmster:n
filmsterretje	filmster:n
koeienletters	koeienletter:n
persofficieren	persofficier:n
persofficiers	persofficier:n
letterkundige	letterkundig:a
kortzichtiger	kortzichtig:a
kortzichtigst	kortzichtig:a
kortzichtige	kortzichtig:a
kortzichtigere	kortzichtig:a
kortzichtigste	kortzichtig:a
vreemdelinges	vreemdelinge:n
houwelen	houweel:n
houweeltje	houweel:n
ontmelk	ontmelken:v
ontmolk	ontmelken:v
ontmelkt	ontmelken:v
ontmolken	ontmelken:v
ontmelkend	ontmelken:v
ontmelkte	ontmelken:v
ontmelkten	ontmelken:v
ontrijg	ontrijgen:v
ontreeg	ontrijgen:v
ontrijgt	ontrijgen:v
ontregen	ontrijgen:v
ontrijgend	ontrijgen:v
ontmijd	ontmijden:v
ontmeed	ontmijden:v
ontmijdt	ontmijden:v
ontmeden	ontmijden:v
ontmijdend	ontmijden:v
ontvecht	ontvechten:v
ontvocht	ontvechten:v
ontvochten	ontvechten:v
ontvechtend	ontvechten:v
ontvries	ontvriezen:v
ontvroor	ontvriezen:v
ontvriest	ontvriezen:v
ontvroren	ontvriezen:v
ontvriezend	ontvriezen:v
kapaters	kapater:n
aanjaag	aanjagen:v
aanjoeg	aanjagen:v
aanjaagt	aanjagen:v
aanjoegen	aanjagen:v
aanjagend	aanjagen:v
aangejaagd	aanjagen:v
aanjaagde	aanjagen:v
aanjaagden	aanjagen:v
hannessen	hannes:n
bloedkarossen	bloedkaros:n
kinderschrikken	kinderschrik:n
schuurpapieren	schuurpapier:n
schuurpapiertje	schuurpapier:n
tierelantijnen	tierelantijn:n
tierelantijntje	tierelantijn:n
handhavers	handhaver:n
ontzwem	ontzwemmen:v
ontzwom	ontzwemmen:v
ontzwemt	ontzwemmen:v
ontzwommen	ontzwemmen:v
ontzwemmend	ontzwemmen:v
alleenrechten	alleenrecht:n
ontzwerf	ontzwerven:v
ontzwierf	ontzwerven:v
ontzwerft	ontzwerven:v
ontzwierven	ontzwerven:v
ontzwervend	ontzwerven:v
ontzworven	ontzwerven:v
ontglim	ontglimmen:v
ontglom	ontglimmen:v
ontglimt	ontglimmen:v
ontglommen	ontglimmen:v
ontglimmend	ontglimmen:v
ontschuil	ontschuilen:v
ontschool	ontschuilen:v
ontschuilt	ontschuilen:v
ontscholen	ontschuilen:v
ontschuilend	ontschuilen:v
ondieren	ondier:n
ondiertje	ondier:n
kinderlevens	kinderleven:n
kinderleventje	kinderleven:n
watergeesten	watergeest:n
watergeestje	watergeest:n
veelverdieners	veelverdiener:n
monopoliën	monopolie:n
monopolie	monopoliën:v
monopoliede	monopoliën:v
monopoliet	monopoliën:v
monopolieden	monopoliën:v
monopoliënd	monopoliën:v
gemonopolied	monopoliën:v
praalgraven	praalgraf:n
dorsvloeren	dorsvloer:n
dorsvloertje	dorsvloer:n
doodstille	doodstil:a
algemeenheden	algemeenheid:n
elementaire	elementair:a
elementairder	elementair:a
elementairst	elementair:a
elementairdere	elementair:a
elementairste	elementair:a
dictatoriale	dictatoriaal:a
wereldheerschappijen	wereldheerschappij:n
drapeer	draperen:v
drapeerde	draperen:v
drapeert	draperen:v
drapeerden	draperen:v
draperend	draperen:v
gedrapeerd	draperen:v
alleenheerschappijen	alleenheerschappij:n
losbarst	losbarsten:v
losbarstte	losbarsten:v
losbarstten	losbarsten:v
losbarstend	losbarsten:v
losgebarsten	losbarsten:v
ontkenningsfasen	ontkenningsfase:n
ontkenningsfases	ontkenningsfase:n
videobel	videobellen:v
videobelde	videobellen:v
videobelt	videobellen:v
videobelden	videobellen:v
videobellend	videobellen:v
gevideobeld	videobellen:v
softijsje	softijs:n
softijsjes	softijsje:n
rampokkers	rampokker:n
vlambaarder	vlambaar:a
vlambaarst	vlambaar:a
vlambare	vlambaar:a
vlambaardere	vlambaar:a
vlambaarste	vlambaar:a
ontvlambaarder	ontvlambaar:a
ontvlambaarst	ontvlambaar:a
ontvlambare	ontvlambaar:a
ontvlambaardere	ontvlambaar:a
ontvlambaarste	ontvlambaar:a
verjaardagsfeesten	verjaardagsfeest:n
verjaardagsfeestje	verjaardagsfeest:n
vogelkooien	vogelkooi:n
vogelkooitje	vogelkooi:n
muskuseenden	muskuseend:n
muskuseendje	muskuseend:n
ontmenselijk	ontmenselijken:v
ontmenselijkte	ontmenselijken:v
ontmenselijkt	ontmenselijken:v
ontmenselijkten	ontmenselijken:v
ontmenselijkend	ontmenselijken:v
ontzorg	ontzorgen:v
ontzorgde	ontzorgen:v
ontzorgt	ontzorgen:v
ontzorgden	ontzorgen:v
ontzorgend	ontzorgen:v
ontzorgd	ontzorgen:v
beconcurreer	beconcurreren:v
beconcurreerde	beconcurreren:v
beconcurreert	beconcurreren:v
beconcurreerden	beconcurreren:v
beconcurrerend	beconcurreren:v
beconcurreerd	beconcurreren:v
coalitiepartijen	coalitiepartij:n
coalitiepartijtje	coalitiepartij:n
jezuïetenstreken	jezuïetenstreek:n
Zambiase	Zambiaas:a
Zambianen	Zambiaan:n
Zambiaanse	Zambiaans:a
landnummers	landnummer:n
landsnamen	landsnaam:n
landsnaampje	landsnaam:n
overklink	overklinken:v
overklonk	overklinken:v
overklinkt	overklinken:v
overklonken	overklinken:v
overklinkend	overklinken:v
overgeklonken	overklinken:v
overgalm	overgalmen:v
overgalmde	overgalmen:v
overgalmt	overgalmen:v
overgalmden	overgalmen:v
overgalmend	overgalmen:v
overgalmd	overgalmen:v
overgegalmd	overgalmen:v
overhuif	overhuiven:v
overhuifde	overhuiven:v
overhuift	overhuiven:v
overhuifden	overhuiven:v
overhuivend	overhuiven:v
overhuifd	overhuiven:v
verkerf	verkerven:v
verkorf	verkerven:v
verkerft	verkerven:v
verkorven	verkerven:v
verkervend	verkerven:v
verkerfde	verkerven:v
verkerfden	verkerven:v
verkerfd	verkerven:v
verkijk	verkijken:v
verkeek	verkijken:v
verkijkt	verkijken:v
verkeken	verkijken:v
verkijkend	verkijken:v
verklink	verklinken:v
verklonk	verklinken:v
verklinkt	verklinken:v
verklonken	verklinken:v
verklinkend	verklinken:v
verknijp	verknijpen:v
verkneep	verknijpen:v
verknijpt	verknijpen:v
verknepen	verknijpen:v
verknijpend	verknijpen:v
versmijt	versmijten:v
versmeet	versmijten:v
versmeten	versmijten:v
versmijtend	versmijten:v
intoneer	intoneren:v
intoneerde	intoneren:v
intoneert	intoneren:v
intoneerden	intoneren:v
intonerend	intoneren:v
geïntoneerd	intoneren:v
vervries	vervriezen:v
vervroor	vervriezen:v
vervriest	vervriezen:v
vervroren	vervriezen:v
vervriezend	vervriezen:v
vervliet	vervlieten:v
vervloot	vervlieten:v
vervloten	vervlieten:v
vervlietend	vervlieten:v
vervlecht	vervlechten:v
vervlocht	vervlechten:v
vervlochten	vervlechten:v
vervlechtend	vervlechten:v
verstuif	verstuiven:v
verstoof	verstuiven:v
verstuift	verstuiven:v
verstoven	verstuiven:v
verstuivend	verstuiven:v
verduik	verduiken:v
verdook	verduiken:v
verduikt	verduiken:v
verdoken	verduiken:v
verduikend	verduiken:v
Syriërs	Syriër:n
granaattrechters	granaattrechter:n
granaattrechtertje	granaattrechter:n
stellingenoorlogen	stellingenoorlog:n
cavaleriecharges	cavaleriecharge:n
tyfusepidemieën	tyfusepidemie:n
hoofdmotieven	hoofdmotief:n
beluik	beluiken:v
belook	beluiken:v
beluikt	beluiken:v
beloken	beluiken:v
beluikend	beluiken:v
bespuit	bespuiten:v
bespoot	bespuiten:v
bespoten	bespuiten:v
bespuitend	bespuiten:v
verspuit	verspuiten:v
verspoot	verspuiten:v
verspoten	verspuiten:v
verspuitend	verspuiten:v
communicatiemiddelen	communicatiemiddel:n
terreinwinsten	terreinwinst:n
onverhoedse	onverhoeds:a
oorlogscorrespondenten	oorlogscorrespondent:n
deuk	deuken:v
deukte	deuken:v
deukt	deuken:v
deukten	deuken:v
deukend	deuken:v
gedeukt	deuken:v
maatwoorden	maatwoord:n
wekenlange	wekenlang:a
granaatinslagen	granaatinslag:n
artilleriebeschietingen	artilleriebeschieting:n
besnorde	besnord:a
oorlogsmachines	oorlogsmachine:n
oorlogsgebieden	oorlogsgebied:n
berggebieden	berggebied:n
schoonveeg	schoonvegen:v
schoonveegde	schoonvegen:v
schoonveegt	schoonvegen:v
schoonveegden	schoonvegen:v
schoonvegend	schoonvegen:v
schoongeveegd	schoonvegen:v
noorderburen	noorderbuur:n
zuiderburen	zuiderbuur:n
regimentskapellen	regimentskapel:n
trommelvuren	trommelvuur:n
roffelvuren	roffelvuur:n
wolkeloze	wolkeloos:a
zwenk	zwenken:v
zwenkte	zwenken:v
zwenkt	zwenken:v
zwenkten	zwenken:v
zwenkend	zwenken:v
gezwenkt	zwenken:v
familiefoto's	familiefoto:n
familiefotootje	familiefoto:n
voorjaarsoffensieven	voorjaarsoffensief:n
reservetroepen	reservetroep:n
startseinen	startsein:n
zwengel	zwengelen:v
zwengelde	zwengelen:v
zwengelt	zwengelen:v
zwengelden	zwengelen:v
zwengelend	zwengelen:v
gezwengeld	zwengelen:v
hulptelwoorden	hulptelwoord:n
keistenen	keisteen:n
keisteentje	keisteen:n
kiemplanten	kiemplant:n
kiemplantje	kiemplant:n
doorzout	doorzouten:v
doorzoutte	doorzouten:v
doorzoutten	doorzouten:v
doorzoutend	doorzouten:v
doorgezouten	doorzouten:v
overzout	overzouten:v
overzoutte	overzouten:v
overzoutten	overzouten:v
overzoutend	overzouten:v
overgezouten	overzouten:v
onderzout	onderzouten:v
onderzoutte	onderzouten:v
onderzoutten	onderzouten:v
onderzoutend	onderzouten:v
zweethutten	zweethut:n
josti's	josti:n
jostietje	josti:n
overstuurder	overstuur:a
overstuurst	overstuur:a
inkort	inkorten:v
inkortte	inkorten:v
inkortten	inkorten:v
inkortend	inkorten:v
ingekort	inkorten:v
wegleg	wegleggen:v
weglegde	wegleggen:v
weglegt	wegleggen:v
weglegden	wegleggen:v
wegleggend	wegleggen:v
weggelegd	wegleggen:v
miepen	miep:n
functiewoorden	functiewoord:n
functiewoordje	functiewoord:n
telegramstijlen	telegramstijl:n
klinknagels	klinknagel:n
klinknageltje	klinknagel:n
vogelwikkes	vogelwikke:n
parachutespringers	parachutespringer:n
parachutespringertje	parachutespringer:n
valschermspringers	valschermspringer:n
weermannen	weerman:n
weervrouwen	weervrouw:n
vuurblussers	vuurblusser:n
zondaressen	zondares:n
zondaresje	zondares:n
schipbreukelingen	schipbreukeling:n
schipbreukelingetje	schipbreukeling:n
scheepsrampen	scheepsramp:n
scheepsrampje	scheepsramp:n
klantenkaarten	klantenkaart:n
klantenkaartje	klantenkaart:n
bandhonden	bandhond:n
bandhondje	bandhond:n
lakmoespapieren	lakmoespapier:n
lakmoespapiertje	lakmoespapier:n
aflaad	afladen:v
aflaadde	afladen:v
aflaadt	afladen:v
aflaadden	afladen:v
afladend	afladen:v
afgeladen	afladen:v
aanzeggers	aanzegger:n
theodiceeën	theodicee:n
percipieer	percipiëren:v
percipieerde	percipiëren:v
percipieert	percipiëren:v
percipieerden	percipiëren:v
percipiërend	percipiëren:v
gepercipieerd	percipiëren:v
naamdragers	naamdrager:n
strooiwagens	strooiwagen:n
angstculturen	angstcultuur:n
lacheriger	lacherig:a
lacherigst	lacherig:a
lacherige	lacherig:a
lacherigere	lacherig:a
lacherigste	lacherig:a
wapenstokken	wapenstok:n
wapenstokje	wapenstok:n
ontervingen	onterving:n
slijptollen	slijptol:n
ijselijker	ijselijk:a
ijselijkst	ijselijk:a
ijselijke	ijselijk:a
ijselijkere	ijselijk:a
ijselijkste	ijselijk:a
parasporters	parasporter:n
polsstokken	polsstok:n
gieken	giek:n
giekje	giek:n
aftandser	aftands:a
aftandst	aftands:a
aftandse	aftands:a
aftandsere	aftands:a
aftandste	aftands:a
verjongingen	verjonging:n
vogelperspectieven	vogelperspectief:n
vogelvluchten	vogelvlucht:n
voorvorken	voorvork:n
achtervorken	achtervork:n
doornappels	doornappel:n
opgeil	opgeilen:v
opgeilde	opgeilen:v
opgeilt	opgeilen:v
opgeilden	opgeilen:v
opgeilend	opgeilen:v
opgegeild	opgeilen:v
smotsen	smots:n
smotsje	smots:n
lentefeesten	lentefeest:n
lentefeestje	lentefeest:n
fameuzer	fameus:a
fameust	fameus:a
fameuze	fameus:a
fameuzere	fameus:a
fameuste	fameus:a
stampvolle	stampvol:a
zweteriger	zweterig:a
zweterigst	zweterig:a
zweterige	zweterig:a
zweterigere	zweterig:a
zweterigste	zweterig:a
taktiek	tactiek:n
voedselgewassen	voedselgewas:n
bestuivingen	bestuiving:n
onderkomens	onderkomen:n
onderkomentje	onderkomen:n
rafeliger	rafelig:a
rafeligst	rafelig:a
rafelige	rafelig:a
rafeligere	rafelig:a
rafeligste	rafelig:a
driekleuriger	driekleurig:a
driekleurigst	driekleurig:a
havermelken	havermelk:n
havermelkje	havermelk:n
kokosmelken	kokosmelk:n
kokosmelkje	kokosmelk:n
cashewkazen	cashewkaas:n
cashewkaasje	cashewkaas:n
zwenkwielen	zwenkwiel:n
zwenkwieltje	zwenkwiel:n
gehaaider	gehaaid:a
gehaaidst	gehaaid:a
gehaaide	gehaaid:a
gehaaidere	gehaaid:a
gehaaidste	gehaaid:a
onderzoeksvragen	onderzoeksvraag:n
deelvragen	deelvraag:n
vaccinatiegraden	vaccinatiegraad:n
presymptomatische	presymptomatisch:a
pornosterren	pornoster:n
federalistische	federalistisch:a
stormrammen	stormram:n
verzit	verzitten:v
verzat	verzitten:v
verzaten	verzitten:v
verzittend	verzitten:v
verzeten	verzitten:v
verlig	verliggen:v
verlag	verliggen:v
verligt	verliggen:v
verlagen	verliggen:v
verliggend	verliggen:v
verlegen	verliggen:v
switchte	switchen:v
switcht	switchen:v
switchten	switchen:v
switchend	switchen:v
geswitcht	switchen:v
hypete	hypen:v
hypet	hypen:v
hypeten	hypen:v
hypend	hypen:v
gehypet	hypen:v
springvormen	springvorm:n
springvormpje	springvorm:n
smeltstoppen	smeltstop:n
cosplaye	cosplayen:v
beltonen	beltoon:n
tonale	tonaal:a
fluweelbladen	fluweelblad:n
fluweelblaadje	fluweelblad:n
koffij	koffie:n
hulpdiensten	hulpdienst:n
verloningen	verloning:n
verloninkje	verloning:n
rijf	rijven:v
reef	rijven:v
rijft	rijven:v
rijvend	rijven:v
gereven	rijven:v
rijfde	rijven:v
rijfden	rijven:v
gerijfd	rijven:v
cellnummers	cellnummer:n
cellnummertje	cellnummer:n
hydrofoors	hydrofoor:n
hydrofoortje	hydrofoor:n
gangmakers	gangmaker:n
gangmakertje	gangmaker:n
casarca's	casarca:n
casarcaatje	casarca:n
afkick	afkicken:v
afkickte	afkicken:v
afkickt	afkicken:v
afkickten	afkicken:v
afkickend	afkicken:v
afgekickt	afkicken:v
afkickklinieken	afkickkliniek:n
jazzvogels	jazzvogel:n
kirchenhistorische	kirchenhistorisch:a
druistiger	druistig:a
druistigst	druistig:a
druistige	druistig:a
druistigere	druistig:a
druistigste	druistig:a
bio-industrieën	bio-industrie:n
motorjachten	motorjacht:n
motorjachtje	motorjacht:n
metrostations	metrostation:n
metrostationnetje	metrostation:n
retourneer	retourneren:v
retourneerde	retourneren:v
retourneert	retourneren:v
retourneerden	retourneren:v
retournerend	retourneren:v
geretourneerd	retourneren:v
pijnscheuten	pijnscheut:n
pijnscheutje	pijnscheut:n
scheluwer	scheluw:a
scheluwst	scheluw:a
buitenmuren	buitenmuur:n
buitenmuurtje	buitenmuur:n
wachtposten	wachtpost:n
kaften	kaft:n
kaftje	kaft:n
revalidatieartsen	revalidatiearts:n
indam	indammen:v
indamde	indammen:v
indamt	indammen:v
indamden	indammen:v
indammend	indammen:v
ingedamd	indammen:v
medeburgers	medeburger:n
handelsnederzettingen	handelsnederzetting:n
baldakijnen	baldakijn:n
baldakijns	baldakijn:n
baldakijntje	baldakijn:n
springkussens	springkussen:n
wereldkampioenes	wereldkampioene:n
identiteitscrises	identiteitscrisis:n
identiteitscrisissen	identiteitscrisis:n
rimpelrozen	rimpelroos:n
rimpelroosje	rimpelroos:n
oogenblik	ogenblik:n
risicoanalyses	risicoanalyse:n
sportscholen	sportschool:n
sportschooltje	sportschool:n
zonnesteken	zonnesteek:n
zonnesteekje	zonnesteek:n
sportleraren	sportleraar:n
sportleraars	sportleraar:n
zonnegoden	zonnegod:n
zonnestralen	zonnestraal:n
zonnestraaltje	zonnestraal:n
zonzijden	zonzijde:n
zonzijdes	zonzijde:n
klimaatsceptici	klimaatscepticus:n
klimaatscepticusje	klimaatscepticus:n
mondmaskers	mondmasker:n
mondmaskertje	mondmasker:n
ontpluik	ontpluiken:v
ontplook	ontpluiken:v
ontpluikt	ontpluiken:v
ontploken	ontpluiken:v
ontpluikend	ontpluiken:v
verkrimp	verkrimpen:v
verkromp	verkrimpen:v
verkrimpt	verkrimpen:v
verkrompen	verkrimpen:v
verkrimpend	verkrimpen:v
verspring	verspringen:v
versprong	verspringen:v
verspringt	verspringen:v
versprongen	verspringen:v
verspringend	verspringen:v
vergesprongen	verspringen:v
verslink	verslinken:v
verslonk	verslinken:v
verslinkt	verslinken:v
verslonken	verslinken:v
verslinkend	verslinken:v
palmwijnen	palmwijn:n
palmwijntje	palmwijn:n
miswijnen	miswijn:n
miswijntje	miswijn:n
vruchtenwijnen	vruchtenwijn:n
vruchtenwijntje	vruchtenwijn:n
wijnjaren	wijnjaar:n
wijnjaartje	wijnjaar:n
wijnoogsten	wijnoogst:n
wijnbergen	wijnberg:n
wijnbergje	wijnberg:n
megadoden	megadode:n
oogstjaren	oogstjaar:n
oogstjaartje	oogstjaar:n
verwisselingen	verwisseling:n
verwisselinkje	verwisseling:n
kanseliersbonussen	kanseliersbonus:n
wijnoogst	wijnoogsten:v
wijnoogstte	wijnoogsten:v
wijnoogstten	wijnoogsten:v
wijnoogstend	wijnoogsten:v
gewijnoogst	wijnoogsten:v
verzing	verzingen:v
verzong	verzingen:v
verzingt	verzingen:v
verzongen	verzingen:v
verzingend	verzingen:v
verwin	verwinnen:v
verwon	verwinnen:v
verwint	verwinnen:v
verwonnen	verwinnen:v
verwinnend	verwinnen:v
verblink	verblinken:v
verblonk	verblinken:v
verblinkt	verblinken:v
verblonken	verblinken:v
verblinkend	verblinken:v
schenkels	schenkel:n
schenkeltje	schenkel:n
verspin	verspinnen:v
verspon	verspinnen:v
verspint	verspinnen:v
versponnen	verspinnen:v
verspinnend	verspinnen:v
verzwerf	verzwerven:v
verzwierf	verzwerven:v
verzwerft	verzwerven:v
verzwierven	verzwerven:v
verzwervend	verzwerven:v
verzworven	verzwerven:v
korenbouten	korenbout:n
ombind	ombinden:v
ombond	ombinden:v
ombindt	ombinden:v
ombonden	ombinden:v
ombindend	ombinden:v
omgebonden	ombinden:v
overplaatsingen	overplaatsing:n
witsnuitlibellen	witsnuitlibel:n
genocidale	genocidaal:a
woonruimtes	woonruimte:n
woonruimten	woonruimte:n
woongedeelten	woongedeelte:n
woongedeeltes	woongedeelte:n
woonlagen	woonlaag:n
stadhouderloze	stadhouderloos:a
behelp	behelpen:v
behielp	behelpen:v
behelpt	behelpen:v
behielpen	behelpen:v
behelpend	behelpen:v
beholpen	behelpen:v
meehelp	meehelpen:v
meehielp	meehelpen:v
meehelpt	meehelpen:v
meehielpen	meehelpen:v
meehelpend	meehelpen:v
meegeholpen	meehelpen:v
afhelp	afhelpen:v
afhielp	afhelpen:v
afhelpt	afhelpen:v
afhielpen	afhelpen:v
afhelpend	afhelpen:v
afgeholpen	afhelpen:v
onthelp	onthelpen:v
onthielp	onthelpen:v
onthelpt	onthelpen:v
onthielpen	onthelpen:v
onthelpend	onthelpen:v
ontholpen	onthelpen:v
voorzorgsmaatregelen	voorzorgsmaatregel:n
verlanglijsten	verlanglijst:n
verlanglijstje	verlanglijst:n
schetsboeken	schetsboek:n
schetsboekje	schetsboek:n
doorhelp	doorhelpen:v
doorhielp	doorhelpen:v
doorhelpt	doorhelpen:v
doorhielpen	doorhelpen:v
doorhelpend	doorhelpen:v
doorgeholpen	doorhelpen:v
bijhelp	bijhelpen:v
bijhielp	bijhelpen:v
bijhelpt	bijhelpen:v
bijhielpen	bijhelpen:v
bijhelpend	bijhelpen:v
bijgeholpen	bijhelpen:v
ophelp	ophelpen:v
ophielp	ophelpen:v
ophelpt	ophelpen:v
ophielpen	ophelpen:v
ophelpend	ophelpen:v
opgeholpen	ophelpen:v
terechthelp	terechthelpen:v
terechthielp	terechthelpen:v
terechthelpt	terechthelpen:v
terechthielpen	terechthelpen:v
terechthelpend	terechthelpen:v
terechtgeholpen	terechthelpen:v
uithelp	uithelpen:v
uithielp	uithelpen:v
uithelpt	uithelpen:v
uithielpen	uithelpen:v
uithelpend	uithelpen:v
uitgeholpen	uithelpen:v
voorthelp	voorthelpen:v
voorthielp	voorthelpen:v
voorthelpt	voorthelpen:v
voorthielpen	voorthelpen:v
voorthelpend	voorthelpen:v
voortgeholpen	voorthelpen:v
vooruithelp	vooruithelpen:v
vooruithielp	vooruithelpen:v
vooruithelpt	vooruithelpen:v
vooruithielpen	vooruithelpen:v
vooruithelpend	vooruithelpen:v
vooruitgeholpen	vooruithelpen:v
weghelp	weghelpen:v
weghielp	weghelpen:v
weghelpt	weghelpen:v
weghielpen	weghelpen:v
weghelpend	weghelpen:v
weggeholpen	weghelpen:v
aansterf	aansterven:v
aanstierf	aansterven:v
aansterft	aansterven:v
aanstierven	aansterven:v
aanstervend	aansterven:v
aangestorven	aansterven:v
wegsterf	wegsterven:v
wegstierf	wegsterven:v
wegsterft	wegsterven:v
wegstierven	wegsterven:v
wegstervend	wegsterven:v
weggestorven	wegsterven:v
onweerswolken	onweerswolk:n
onweerswolkje	onweerswolk:n
doodsbedreigingen	doodsbedreiging:n
doodsbedreiginkje	doodsbedreiging:n
ontsterf	ontsterven:v
ontstierf	ontsterven:v
ontsterft	ontsterven:v
ontstierven	ontsterven:v
ontstervend	ontsterven:v
ontstorven	ontsterven:v
leeghoofdiger	leeghoofdig:a
leeghoofdigst	leeghoofdig:a
leeghoofdige	leeghoofdig:a
leeghoofdigere	leeghoofdig:a
leeghoofdigste	leeghoofdig:a
sneltesten	sneltest:n
kindermoordenaars	kindermoordenaar:n
anderhalvemetersamenlevingen	anderhalvemetersamenleving:n
anderhalvemetersamenlevinkje	anderhalvemetersamenleving:n
vuilnisbakkenrassen	vuilnisbakkenras:n
vuilnisbakkenrasje	vuilnisbakkenras:n
precambrische	precambrisch:a
sigarettenpeuken	sigarettenpeuk:n
sigarettenpeukje	sigarettenpeuk:n
cambrische	cambrisch:a
zonvakanties	zonvakantie:n
bijzonnen	bijzon:n
onproblematische	onproblematisch:a
petomanen	petomaan:n
petomane	petomaan:a
knoopcellen	knoopcel:n
knoopcelletje	knoopcel:n
knoopcelbatterijen	knoopcelbatterij:n
knoopcelbatterijtje	knoopcelbatterij:n
wijsheidstanden	wijsheidstand:n
wijsheidstandje	wijsheidstand:n
probleemloze	probleemloos:a
bessenstruiken	bessenstruik:n
bessenstruikje	bessenstruik:n
plebiscieten	plebisciet:n
plebisciets	plebisciet:n
plebiscietje	plebisciet:n
zakwoordenboeken	zakwoordenboek:n
zakwoordenboekje	zakwoordenboek:n
pocketwoordenboeken	pocketwoordenboek:n
pocketwoordenboekje	pocketwoordenboek:n
handwoordenboeken	handwoordenboek:n
handwoordenboekje	handwoordenboek:n
loodschorten	loodschort:n
loodschortje	loodschort:n
lijsterbessen	lijsterbes:n
lijsterbesje	lijsterbes:n
erythemen	erytheem:n
rugleuningen	rugleuning:n
rugleuninkje	rugleuning:n
tenlasteleggingen	tenlastelegging:n
telastlegging	tenlastelegging:n
doodslagen	doodslag:n
doodslagje	doodslag:n
fruitoogsten	fruitoogst:n
fruitoogstje	fruitoogst:n
zowiezo	sowieso:d
sws	sowieso:d
fruitpannen	fruitpan:n
fruitpannetje	fruitpan:n
gebrouilleerder	gebrouilleerd:a
gebrouilleerdst	gebrouilleerd:a
gedachtenwisseling	gedachtewisseling:n
gastmalen	gastmaal:n
gastmaaltje	gastmaal:n
garf	garven:v
garfde	garven:v
garft	garven:v
garfden	garven:v
garvend	garven:v
gegarfd	garven:v
garven	garf:n
pachtgelden	pachtgeld:n
openbaarmakingen	openbaarmaking:n
onzachter	onzacht:a
onzachtst	onzacht:a
onzienlijker	onzienlijk:a
onzienlijkst	onzienlijk:a
zienlijker	zienlijk:a
zienlijkst	zienlijk:a
veelbelovende	veelbelovend:a
daksparren	dakspar:n
blohartiger	blohartig:a
blohartigst	blohartig:a
blokfluiten	blokfluit:n
blokfluitje	blokfluit:n
bochels	bochel:n
bocheltje	bochel:n
neerschiet	neerschieten:v
neerschoot	neerschieten:v
neerschoten	neerschieten:v
neerschietend	neerschieten:v
neergeschoten	neerschieten:v
peulvruchten	peulvrucht:n
peulvruchtje	peulvrucht:n
redekavel	redekavelen:v
redekavelde	redekavelen:v
redekavelt	redekavelen:v
redekavelden	redekavelen:v
redekavelend	redekavelen:v
geredekaveld	redekavelen:v
föhnwinden	föhnwind:n
donorharten	donorhart:n
kutzwagers	kutzwager:n
nieuwsmedia	nieuwsmedium:n
pottenbakkers	pottenbakker:n
pottenbakkertje	pottenbakker:n
bladerdossen	bladerdos:n
bladerdosje	bladerdos:n
hesychastische	hesychastisch:a
bètawetenschappen	bètawetenschap:n
averijen	averij:n
averijtje	averij:n
barmsijzen	barmsijs:n
barmsijsje	barmsijs:n
roodmussen	roodmus:n
roodmusje	roodmus:n
drooghop	drooghoppen:v
drooghopte	drooghoppen:v
drooghopt	drooghoppen:v
drooghopten	drooghoppen:v
drooghoppend	drooghoppen:v
gedrooghopt	drooghoppen:v
hoppiger	hoppig:a
hoppigst	hoppig:a
hoppige	hoppig:a
hoppigere	hoppig:a
hoppigste	hoppig:a
hoppigheden	hoppigheid:n
hoppigheidje	hoppigheid:n
openhartoperaties	openhartoperatie:n
gipsplaten	gipsplaat:n
gipsplaatje	gipsplaat:n
alpenheggenmussen	alpenheggenmus:n
lakenvollers	lakenvoller:n
lakenvollertje	lakenvoller:n
eurocentrische	eurocentrisch:a
lampetkannen	lampetkan:n
lampetkannetje	lampetkan:n
lettertekenen	letterteken:n
lettertekens	letterteken:n
lettertekentje	letterteken:n
lengteassen	lengteas:n
lengteasje	lengteas:n
persoonlijkheidscultussen	persoonlijkheidscultus:n
persoonlijkheidsculten	persoonlijkheidscultus:n
persoonscultussen	persoonscultus:n
persoonsculten	persoonscultus:n
criminaliseringen	criminalisering:n
decriminaliseringen	decriminalisering:n
ambtstalen	ambtstaal:n
verrassingselementen	verrassingselement:n
vogelnestjessoepen	vogelnestjessoep:n
oligarchische	oligarchisch:a
gietsels	gietsel:n
gissingen	gissing:n
gissinkje	gissing:n
godendiensten	godendienst:n
godendienstje	godendienst:n
bacovewinkels	bacovewinkel:n
bacovewinkeltje	bacovewinkel:n
pindapoepchinezen	pindapoepchinees:n
pindapoepchineesje	pindapoepchinees:n
beerkarren	beerkar:n
beerkarretje	beerkar:n
distributieriemen	distributieriem:n
distributieriempje	distributieriem:n
krijgsheren	krijgsheer:n
krijgsheertje	krijgsheer:n
tussenpozen	tussenpoos:n
tussenpoosje	tussenpoos:n
vredesmissies	vredesmissie:n
gipskartonplaten	gipskartonplaat:n
gebochelde	gebocheld:a
hoofdingangen	hoofdingang:n
maandverbanden	maandverband:n
maandverbandje	maandverband:n
midzomers	midzomer:n
Asmogendheden	Asmogendheid:n
Ariërs	Ariër:n
vogelspotters	vogelspotter:n
kinderbijbels	kinderbijbel:n
kinderbijbeltje	kinderbijbel:n
kinderkoren	kinderkoor:n
kinderkoortje	kinderkoor:n
kindersloten	kinderslot:n
kinderslotje	kinderslot:n
kindervrienden	kindervriend:n
kindervriendje	kindervriend:n
kinderverlammingen	kinderverlamming:n
inlegkruis	inlegkruisje:n
inlegkruisjes	inlegkruisje:n
korenwormen	korenworm:n
korenwormpje	korenworm:n
riviergrondels	riviergrondel:n
havezaten	havezate:n
bioturbaties	bioturbatie:n
kryoturbaties	kryoturbatie:n
cryoturbatie	kryoturbatie:n
partijleidsters	partijleidster:n
meetkundige	meetkundig:a
auto-industrieën	auto-industrie:n
klinkerbotsingen	klinkerbotsing:n
schapenteken	schapenteek:n
kleurenblinde	kleurenblind:a
categorischer	categorisch:a
categorischt	categorisch:a
categorische	categorisch:a
categorischere	categorisch:a
categorischte	categorisch:a
causale	causaal:a
klokkenspellen	klokkenspel:n
cd-spelers	cd-speler:n
cd-spelertje	cd-speler:n
chef-koks	chef-kok:n
chaostheoretische	chaostheoretisch:a
chilipepers	chilipeper:n
chilipepertje	chilipeper:n
Centraal-Amerikanen	Centraal-Amerikaan:n
Centraal-Amerikaanse	Centraal-Amerikaans:a
Midden-Amerikaanse	Midden-Amerikaans:a
shockeren	choqueren:v
circusartiesten	circusartiest:n
circusartiestje	circusartiest:n
galvetten	galvet:n
zoutstoffen	zoutstof:n
naaktfoto's	naaktfoto:n
portretfoto's	portretfoto:n
trouwfoto's	trouwfoto:n
panoramafoto's	panoramafoto:n
fotostudio's	fotostudio:n
fotostudiootje	fotostudio:n
knakkers	knakker:n
knakkertje	knakker:n
krimpverbindingen	krimpverbinding:n
racebanen	racebaan:n
racebaantje	racebaan:n
ex-vrouwen	ex-vrouw:n
ex-vrouwtje	ex-vrouw:n
ex-mannen	ex-man:n
ex-mannetje	ex-man:n
bramzeilen	bramzeil:n
bramzeiltje	bramzeil:n
straatwaarden	straatwaarde:n
straatwaardes	straatwaarde:n
grootsch	groots:a
levensgeschiedenissen	levensgeschiedenis:n
tekstuitgaven	tekstuitgave:n
tekstuitgaves	tekstuitgave:n
tekstuitgavetje	tekstuitgave:n
tekstuitgaafje	tekstuitgave:n
novellenschrijvers	novellenschrijver:n
novelleschrijvers	novelleschrijver:n
taalgeleerden	taalgeleerde:n
toespreek	toespreken:v
toesprak	toespreken:v
toespreekt	toespreken:v
toesprekend	toespreken:v
toegesproken	toespreken:v
hekelspelen	hekelspel:n
hekelspellen	hekelspel:n
schimpdichters	schimpdichter:n
schimpdichten	schimpdicht:n
belangenconflicten	belangenconflict:n
conserveermiddelen	conserveermiddel:n
conserveermiddeltje	conserveermiddel:n
conserveringsmiddelen	conserveringsmiddel:n
bewaarmiddelen	bewaarmiddel:n
panikeer	panikeren:v
panikeerde	panikeren:v
panikeert	panikeren:v
panikeerden	panikeren:v
panikerend	panikeren:v
gepanikeerd	panikeren:v
contextueler	contextueel:a
contextueelst	contextueel:a
contextuele	contextueel:a
contextuelere	contextueel:a
contextueelste	contextueel:a
vraagzinnen	vraagzin:n
vraagzinnetje	vraagzin:n
copulatieve	copulatief:a
copulaties	copulatie:n
copuleer	copuleren:v
copuleerde	copuleren:v
copuleert	copuleren:v
copuleerden	copuleren:v
copulerend	copuleren:v
gecopuleerd	copuleren:v
coronaire	coronair:a
aasdieren	aasdier:n
aasdiertje	aasdier:n
luchtstreken	luchtstreek:n
aardgordels	aardgordel:n
caféhouders	caféhouder:n
beeldendiensten	beeldendienst:n
convecties	convectie:n
bidsjaals	bidsjaal:n
godsgeschenken	godsgeschenk:n
godsgeschenkje	godsgeschenk:n
dagzusters	dagzuster:n
nachtzusters	nachtzuster:n
ziekenzusters	ziekenzuster:n
ziekenzustertje	ziekenzuster:n
stemloze	stemloos:a
stemhebbende	stemhebbend:a
counter	counteren:v
counterde	counteren:v
countert	counteren:v
counterden	counteren:v
counterend	counteren:v
gecounterd	counteren:v
cover	coveren:v
coverde	coveren:v
covert	coveren:v
coverden	coveren:v
coverend	coveren:v
gecoverd	coveren:v
cowboyhoeden	cowboyhoed:n
cowboyhoedje	cowboyhoed:n
gaskamers	gaskamer:n
criminaliseer	criminaliseren:v
criminaliseerde	criminaliseren:v
criminaliseert	criminaliseren:v
criminaliseerden	criminaliseren:v
criminaliserend	criminaliseren:v
gecriminaliseerd	criminaliseren:v
onverantwoordelijker	onverantwoordelijk:a
onverantwoordelijkst	onverantwoordelijk:a
onverantwoordelijke	onverantwoordelijk:a
onverantwoordelijkere	onverantwoordelijk:a
onverantwoordelijkste	onverantwoordelijk:a
cursiever	cursief:a
cursiefst	cursief:a
cursieve	cursief:a
cursievere	cursief:a
cursiefste	cursief:a
cyclopen	cycloop:n
cycloopje	cycloop:n
cruise	cruisen:v
cruisete	cruisen:v
cruiset	cruisen:v
cruiseten	cruisen:v
cruisend	cruisen:v
gecruiset	cruisen:v
cruisede	cruisen:v
cruiseden	cruisen:v
gecruised	cruisen:v
herbesmettingen	herbesmetting:n
herbesmet	herbesmetten:v
herbesmette	herbesmetten:v
herbesmettend	herbesmetten:v
natuurstenen	natuursteen:n
natuursteentje	natuursteen:n
sierstenen	siersteen:n
siersteentje	siersteen:n
vuurwerkverboden	vuurwerkverbod:n
kerngezonde	kerngezond:a
gasfornuizen	gasfornuis:n
gasfornuisje	gasfornuis:n
inductiefornuizen	inductiefornuis:n
inductiekookplaten	inductiekookplaat:n
inducties	inductie:n
inductieve	inductief:a
leeuwendaalders	leeuwendaalder:n
prikjes	prikje:n
daarstellingen	daarstelling:n
vuurstakingen	vuurstaking:n
vuurstakinkje	vuurstaking:n
botermijnen	botermijn:n
daghitten	daghit:n
daghitje	daghit:n
Hitlanders	Hitlander:n
cellarii	cellarius:n
beeldjeskopen	beeldjeskoop:n
alarmpistolen	alarmpistool:n
alarmpistooltje	alarmpistool:n
catsiaanse	catsiaans:a
chartervliegtuigen	chartervliegtuig:n
chartervliegtuigje	chartervliegtuig:n
chartervluchten	chartervlucht:n
chartervluchtje	chartervlucht:n
snijtanden	snijtand:n
snijtandje	snijtand:n
casuele	casueel:a
oogsttijden	oogsttijd:n
oogsttijdje	oogsttijd:n
fruitschalen	fruitschaal:n
fruitschaaltje	fruitschaal:n
schuldenbergen	schuldenberg:n
schuldenbergje	schuldenberg:n
smartlappen	smartlap:n
smartlapje	smartlap:n
honingberen	honingbeer:n
honingbeertje	honingbeer:n
bijlbrieven	bijlbrief:n
kodiakberen	kodiakbeer:n
kodiakbeertje	kodiakbeer:n
Kodiakbeer	kodiakbeer:n
brilberen	brilbeer:n
brilbeertje	brilbeer:n
kraagberen	kraagbeer:n
lippenberen	lippenbeer:n
pandaberen	pandabeer:n
pandabeertje	pandabeer:n
volksetymologieën	volksetymologie:n
steekmuggen	steekmug:n
steekmugje	steekmug:n
abrogaties	abrogatie:n
abrogatiën	abrogatie:n
cacteeën	cactee:n
fruitschotellen	fruitschotel:n
fruitschoteltje	fruitschotel:n
shirtjacks	shirtjack:n
shirtjackje	shirtjack:n
eitanden	eitand:n
eitandje	eitand:n
voortanden	voortand:n
voortandje	voortand:n
celdelingen	celdeling:n
celsplitsingen	celsplitsing:n
bouwstoffen	bouwstof:n
bekkenisten	bekkenist:n
onvergetelijker	onvergetelijk:a
onvergetelijkst	onvergetelijk:a
onvergetelijke	onvergetelijk:a
onvergetelijkere	onvergetelijk:a
onvergetelijkste	onvergetelijk:a
zwembassins	zwembassin:n
spotgoedkope	spotgoedkoop:a
geldelijke	geldelijk:a
uitvogel	uitvogelen:v
uitvogelde	uitvogelen:v
uitvogelt	uitvogelen:v
uitvogelden	uitvogelen:v
uitvogelend	uitvogelen:v
uitgevogeld	uitvogelen:v
oppermachten	oppermacht:n
lullensmeden	lullensmid:n
edelsmeden	edelsmid:n
palmspieren	palmspier:n
palmspiertje	palmspier:n
politiemachten	politiemacht:n
machtsovernames	machtsovername:n
machtsovernamen	machtsovername:n
landmachten	landmacht:n
beerwagens	beerwagen:n
beerwagentje	beerwagen:n
redzamer	redzaam:a
redzaamst	redzaam:a
redzame	redzaam:a
redzamere	redzaam:a
redzaamste	redzaam:a
zeker	zekeren:v
zekerde	zekeren:v
zekert	zekeren:v
zekerden	zekeren:v
zekerend	zekeren:v
gezekerd	zekeren:v
salarisschalen	salarisschaal:n
salarisschaaltje	salarisschaal:n
weddeschalen	weddeschaal:n
weddeschaaltje	weddeschaal:n
ereloonsupplementen	ereloonsupplement:n
ereloonsupplementje	ereloonsupplement:n
getij	getijde:n
voedingssupplementen	voedingssupplement:n
supplementaire	supplementair:a
tunnelvisies	tunnelvisie:n
namakers	namaker:n
verknoop	verknopen:v
verknoopte	verknopen:v
verknoopt	verknopen:v
verknoopten	verknopen:v
verknopend	verknopen:v
aanheren	aanheer:n
misoogsten	misoogst:n
beresterke	beresterk:a
touwladders	touwladder:n
touwladdertje	touwladder:n
comorbiditeiten	comorbiditeit:n
dodenbezweringen	dodenbezwering:n
fruittaarten	fruittaart:n
fruittaartje	fruittaart:n
weddeverlagingen	weddeverlaging:n
berenvallen	berenval:n
salarisanciënniteiten	salarisanciënniteit:n
klauwaards	klauwaard:n
klauwaardje	klauwaard:n
uitgekookter	uitgekookt:a
uitgekooktst	uitgekookt:a
uitgekookte	uitgekookt:a
uitgekooktere	uitgekookt:a
uitgekooktste	uitgekookt:a
gladjanussen	gladjanus:n
gladjanusje	gladjanus:n
rioolratten	rioolrat:n
rioolratje	rioolrat:n
waterratten	waterrat:n
waterratje	waterrat:n
miskopen	miskoop:n
miskoopje	miskoop:n
miskoop	miskopen:v
jaarlingen	jaarling:n
jaarrekeningen	jaarrekening:n
miskocht	miskopen:v
miskoopt	miskopen:v
miskochten	miskopen:v
miskopend	miskopen:v
uithijg	uithijgen:v
uithijgde	uithijgen:v
uithijgt	uithijgen:v
uithijgden	uithijgen:v
uithijgend	uithijgen:v
uitgehijgd	uithijgen:v
uitheeg	uithijgen:v
uithegen	uithijgen:v
uitgehegen	uithijgen:v
daluren	daluur:n
spelbedervers	spelbederver:n
spelbedervertje	spelbederver:n
waterdampen	waterdamp:n
gifdampen	gifdamp:n
dansberen	dansbeer:n
doemdenkers	doemdenker:n
doemdenkertje	doemdenker:n
streekliteraturen	streekliteratuur:n
Davidische	Davidisch:a
berentemmers	berentemmer:n
leeuwentemmers	leeuwentemmer:n
interlands	interland:n
interlandje	interland:n
LPF-achtige	LPF-achtig:a
royementen	royement:n
gramnegatieve	gramnegatief:a
grampositieve	grampositief:a
gramkleuringen	gramkleuring:a
ikvormen	ikvorm:n
herfstvakanties	herfstvakantie:n
herfstvakantietje	herfstvakantie:n
spaniëls	spaniël:n
spaniëltje	spaniël:n
chequeboeken	chequeboek:n
chequeboekje	chequeboek:n
begrotingsoverschotten	begrotingsoverschot:n
begrotingsoverschotje	begrotingsoverschot:n
vereerders	vereerder:n
vereerdertje	vereerder:n
citroenhaaien	citroenhaai:n
citroenhaaitje	citroenhaai:n
spelbrekers	spelbreker:n
spelbrekertje	spelbreker:n
begrotingsevenwichten	begrotingsevenwicht:n
begrotingsonevenwichten	begrotingsonevenwicht:n
bewonderaars	bewonderaar:n
bewonderaartje	bewonderaar:n
onevenwichten	onevenwicht:n
onevenwichtje	onevenwicht:n
waardecheques	waardecheque:n
bankcheques	bankcheque:n
popidolen	popidool:n
popidooltje	popidool:n
poppodia	poppodium:n
poppodiumpje	poppodium:n
poptempels	poptempel:n
poptempeltje	poptempel:n
plaspoppen	plaspop:n
babypoppen	babypop:n
babypopje	babypop:n
handpoppen	handpop:n
handpopje	handpop:n
handpoppetje	handpop:n
negaties	negatie:n
poppentheaters	poppentheater:n
stropoppen	stropop:n
stropopje	stropop:n
taaitaaipoppen	taaitaaipop:n
taaitaaipopje	taaitaaipop:n
erfprinsen	erfprins:n
erfprinsje	erfprins:n
minirokken	minirok:n
minirokje	minirok:n
florijnen	florijn:n
florijntje	florijn:n
hoofdelijke	hoofdelijk:a
kleuterleiders	kleuterleider:n
dipoolmomenten	dipoolmoment:n
handtastelijker	handtastelijk:a
handtastelijkst	handtastelijk:a
handtastelijke	handtastelijk:a
handtastelijkere	handtastelijk:a
handtastelijkste	handtastelijk:a
handgels	handgel:n
krimpkousen	krimpkous:n
krimpkousje	krimpkous:n
paasvakanties	paasvakantie:n
paasvakantietje	paasvakantie:n
zonnebrandcrèmes	zonnebrandcrème:n
zonnebrandcrèmepje	zonnebrandcrème:n
vuurproeven	vuurproef:n
vuurproefje	vuurproef:n
helmtekens	helmteken:n
helmtekentje	helmteken:n
paaslelies	paaslelie:n
paaslelietje	paaslelie:n
schuimnesten	schuimnest:n
schuimnestje	schuimnest:n
begrotingsposten	begrotingspost:n
begrotingspostje	begrotingspost:n
handdrukken	handdruk:n
handdrukje	handdruk:n
sinterklaasfeesten	sinterklaasfeest:n
sinterklaasfeestje	sinterklaasfeest:n
lintbebouwingen	lintbebouwing:n
handcrèmes	handcrème:n
handgebaren	handgebaar:n
handgebaartje	handgebaar:n
dodenbezweerders	dodenbezweerder:n
aangrijns	aangrijnzen:v
aangrijnsde	aangrijnzen:v
aangrijnst	aangrijnzen:v
aangrijnsden	aangrijnzen:v
aangrijnzend	aangrijnzen:v
aangegrijnsd	aangrijnzen:v
allermeeste	allermeest:a
baggerschuiten	baggerschuit:n
baggerschuitje	baggerschuit:n
baggeraars	baggeraar:n
inwikkel	inwikkelen:v
inwikkelde	inwikkelen:v
inwikkelt	inwikkelen:v
inwikkelden	inwikkelen:v
inwikkelend	inwikkelen:v
prostaatvergrotingen	prostaatvergroting:n
belak	belakken:v
belakte	belakken:v
belakt	belakken:v
belakten	belakken:v
belakkend	belakken:v
kankergrappige	kankergrappig:a
halfapen	halfaap:n
halfaapje	halfaap:n
staalharde	staalhard:a
staartdelingen	staartdeling:n
weekdagen	weekdag:n
weekdagje	weekdag:n
kankermongolen	kankermongool:n
kankermongooltje	kankermongool:n
kankerlullen	kankerlul:n
woelratten	woelrat:n
woelratje	woelrat:n
waterraderen	waterrad:n
bebouwingen	bebouwing:n
oliesjeiks	oliesjeik:n
begrotingsartikels	begrotingsartikel:n
begrotingsartikeltje	begrotingsartikel:n
vorstelijker	vorstelijk:a
vorstelijkst	vorstelijk:a
vorstelijke	vorstelijk:a
vorstelijkere	vorstelijk:a
vorstelijkste	vorstelijk:a
sjeikdommen	sjeikdom:n
sjeikdommetje	sjeikdom:n
kanjereuze	kanjereus:a
offerdieren	offerdier:n
offerdiertje	offerdier:n
begrotingsruiters	begrotingsruiter:n
begrotingsruitertje	begrotingsruiter:n
fruitpersen	fruitpers:n
fruitpersje	fruitpers:n
slaghouten	slaghout:n
slaghoutje	slaghout:n
partijvoorzitters	partijvoorzitter:n
partijvoorzittertje	partijvoorzitter:n
slagmannen	slagman:n
contactberoepen	contactberoep:n
hondenfokkers	hondenfokker:n
hondentrainers	hondentrainer:n
speurhonden	speurhond:n
speurhondje	speurhond:n
trekhonden	trekhond:n
trekhondje	trekhond:n
hondenmanden	hondenmand:n
hondenmandje	hondenmand:n
hondenkarren	hondenkar:n
hondenkarretje	hondenkar:n
drugshonden	drugshond:n
aristotelianen	aristoteliaan:n
golfkarren	golfkar:n
golfkarretje	golfkar:n
handkarren	handkar:n
handkarretje	handkar:n
herderlijker	herderlijk:a
herderlijkst	herderlijk:a
herderlijke	herderlijk:a
herderlijkere	herderlijk:a
herderlijkste	herderlijk:a
pastoraler	pastoraal:a
pastoraalst	pastoraal:a
pastorale	pastoraal:a
pastoralere	pastoraal:a
pastoraalste	pastoraal:a
springlevende	springlevend:a
Corsicanen	Corsicaan:n
Madrilenen	Madrileen:n
Madrileense	Madrileens:a
lemniscaten	lemniscaat:n
lemniscaatje	lemniscaat:n
mafkikkers	mafkikker:n
mafkikkertje	mafkikker:n
contactsporten	contactsport:n
oliepersen	oliepers:n
oliepersje	oliepers:n
partijbesturen	partijbestuur:n
partijbestuurtje	partijbestuur:n
sporttakken	sporttak:n
sporttakje	sporttak:n
uitgavenposten	uitgavenpost:n
uitgavenpostje	uitgavenpost:n
wanhoopte	wanhopen:v
wanhoopt	wanhopen:v
wanhoopten	wanhopen:v
wanhopend	wanhopen:v
gewanhoopt	wanhopen:v
Siamezen	Siamees:n
Siameesje	Siamees:n
politbureaus	politbureau:n
verkiezingsdebatten	verkiezingsdebat:n
kamraderen	kamrad:n
darwinianen	darwiniaan:n
ploegsporten	ploegsport:n
vruchtenpersen	vruchtenpers:n
vruchtenpersje	vruchtenpers:n
racewagens	racewagen:n
racewagentje	racewagen:n
stoepa's	stoepa:n
stoepaatje	stoepa:n
beheks	beheksen:v
behekste	beheksen:v
behekst	beheksen:v
beheksten	beheksen:v
beheksend	beheksen:v
sportdisciplines	sportdiscipline:n
raceauto's	raceauto:n
raceautootje	raceauto:n
nagel	nagelen:v
nagelde	nagelen:v
nagelt	nagelen:v
nagelden	nagelen:v
nagelend	nagelen:v
genageld	nagelen:v
darwiniaanse	darwiniaans:a
behekster	behekst:a
behekstst	behekst:a
koopavonden	koopavond:n
koopzondagen	koopzondag:n
huishoudelijker	huishoudelijk:a
huishoudelijkst	huishoudelijk:a
huishoudelijke	huishoudelijk:a
huishoudelijkere	huishoudelijk:a
huishoudelijkste	huishoudelijk:a
nagelknippers	nagelknipper:n
nagelknippertje	nagelknipper:n
openluchttheaters	openluchttheater:n
openluchttheatertje	openluchttheater:n
atletiekbanen	atletiekbaan:n
nagelscharen	nagelschaar:n
nagelschaartje	nagelschaar:n
nagelvijlen	nagelvijl:n
nagelvijltje	nagelvijl:n
moordwapens	moordwapen:n
moordwapenen	moordwapen:n
vluchtwagens	vluchtwagen:n
vluchtwagentje	vluchtwagen:n
waagstukken	waagstuk:n
waagstukje	waagstuk:n
stroopnagels	stroopnagel:n
teamspelers	teamspeler:n
teamspelertje	teamspeler:n
teamgenoten	teamgenoot:n
teamgenootje	teamgenoot:n
rouwnagels	rouwnagel:n
filtreer	filtreren:v
filtreerde	filtreren:v
filtreert	filtreren:v
filtreerden	filtreren:v
filtrerend	filtreren:v
gefiltreerd	filtreren:v
luchtfilters	luchtfilter:n
luchtfiltertje	luchtfilter:n
filtraties	filtratie:n
basisgrammatica's	basisgrammatica:n
basisbetekenissen	basisbetekenis:n
Gallo-Romaanse	Gallo-Romaans:a
Gallo-Romeinse	Gallo-Romeins:a
smokkelwaren	smokkelwaar:n
banketstaven	banketstaaf:n
weerstaanbaarder	weerstaanbaar:a
weerstaanbaarst	weerstaanbaar:a
weerstaanbare	weerstaanbaar:a
weerstaanbaardere	weerstaanbaar:a
weerstaanbaarste	weerstaanbaar:a
banketletters	banketletter:n
buitenschoolse	buitenschools:a
berenmutsen	berenmuts:n
berenmutsje	berenmuts:n
stierenmarkten	stierenmarkt:n
berenmarkten	berenmarkt:n
sinterklaassurprises	sinterklaassurprise:n
vierendeel	vierendelen:v
vierendeelde	vierendelen:v
vierendeelt	vierendelen:v
vierendeelden	vierendelen:v
vierendelend	vierendelen:v
gevierendeeld	vierendelen:v
varkensstallen	varkensstal:n
varkensstalletje	varkensstal:n
vierendelingen	vierendeling:n
markteconomieën	markteconomie:n
banenmarkten	banenmarkt:n
marktdagen	marktdag:n
wereldmarkten	wereldmarkt:n
ontwenningsverschijnselen	ontwenningsverschijnsel:n
nijdnagels	nijdnagel:n
kredietmarkten	kredietmarkt:n
stierkalveren	stierkalf:n
stierkalfje	stierkalf:n
antiekmarkten	antiekmarkt:n
antiekmarktje	antiekmarkt:n
ontwenningen	ontwenning:n
strijdrossen	strijdros:n
strijdrosje	strijdros:n
pelsmantels	pelsmantel:n
pelsmanteltje	pelsmantel:n
pelsmutsen	pelsmuts:n
pelsmutsje	pelsmuts:n
katmensen	katmens:n
kerstmutsen	kerstmuts:n
kerstmutsje	kerstmuts:n
begrotingsnormen	begrotingsnorm:n
bestuursorganen	bestuursorgaan:n
bestuursorgaantje	bestuursorgaan:n
decentralisaties	decentralisatie:n
decreteer	decreteren:v
decreteerde	decreteren:v
decreteert	decreteren:v
decreteerden	decreteren:v
decreterend	decreteren:v
gedecreteerd	decreteren:v
decriminaliseer	decriminaliseren:v
decriminaliseerde	decriminaliseren:v
decriminaliseert	decriminaliseren:v
decriminaliseerden	decriminaliseren:v
decriminaliserend	decriminaliseren:v
gedecriminaliseerd	decriminaliseren:v
grensgevallen	grensgeval:n
grensgevalletje	grensgeval:n
deducties	deductie:n
jaarringen	jaarring:n
jaarringetje	jaarring:n
deeltjesfysici	deeltjesfysicus:n
muzieklessen	muziekles:n
muzieklesje	muziekles:n
muziekscholen	muziekschool:n
muziekschooltje	muziekschool:n
muziekgenres	muziekgenre:n
feitencheckers	feitenchecker:n
feitencheckertje	feitenchecker:n
omzaag	omzagen:v
omzaagde	omzagen:v
omzaagt	omzagen:v
omzaagden	omzagen:v
omzagend	omzagen:v
omgezaagd	omzagen:v
berenpelsen	berenpels:n
berenpelzen	berenpels:n
geldbuidels	geldbuidel:n
geldbuideltje	geldbuidel:n
berenvachten	berenvacht:n
berenvachtje	berenvacht:n
kapucijnapen	kapucijnaap:n
kapucijnaapje	kapucijnaap:n
veldmuizen	veldmuis:n
veldmuisje	veldmuis:n
handboeken	handboek:n
handboekje	handboek:n
vervolgstudies	vervolgstudie:n
vervolgstudietje	vervolgstudie:n
fucke	fucken:v
dwarsaders	dwarsader:n
dwarsadertje	dwarsader:n
bros	brossen:v
brosten	brossen:v
brossend	brossen:v
gebrost	brossen:v
doppers	dopper:n
doppertje	dopper:n
speelvelden	speelveld:n
speelveldje	speelveld:n
woelmuizen	woelmuis:n
woelmuisje	woelmuis:n
competitiesporten	competitiesport:n
tuchtstraffen	tuchtstraf:n
bontmantels	bontmantel:n
bontmanteltje	bontmantel:n
soupeer	souperen:v
soupeerde	souperen:v
soupeert	souperen:v
soupeerden	souperen:v
souperend	souperen:v
gesoupeerd	souperen:v
maaltijdcheques	maaltijdcheque:n
maaltijdchequeje	maaltijdcheque:n
Ghaneser	Ghanees:a
Ghanese	Ghanees:a
Ghanesere	Ghanees:a
Ghaneeste	Ghanees:a
Ghanezen	Ghanees:n
Ghaneesje	Ghanees:n
Westafrikaan	West-Afrikaan:n
Subsaharaan	Sub-Saharaan:n
Oostafrikaan	Oost-Afrikaan:n
Midden-Afrikanen	Midden-Afrikaan:n
sluipvliegen	sluipvlieg:n
sluipvliegje	sluipvlieg:n
zeeweringen	zeewering:n
aardbeivlinders	aardbeivlinder:n
jaaropbrengsten	jaaropbrengst:n
fokprogramma's	fokprogramma:n
jaaromzetten	jaaromzet:n
jaarproducties	jaarproductie:n
productiejaren	productiejaar:n
West-Afrikanen	West-Afrikaan:n
West-Afrikaantje	West-Afrikaan:n
Oost-Afrikanen	Oost-Afrikaan:n
Oost-Afrikaantje	Oost-Afrikaan:n
Sub-Saharanen	Sub-Saharaan:n
Sub-Saharaantje	Sub-Saharaan:n
kerstslingers	kerstslinger:n
kerstslingertje	kerstslinger:n
feestslingers	feestslinger:n
smeedwerken	smeedwerk:n
smeedwerkje	smeedwerk:n
maanjaren	maanjaar:n
stemacteurs	stemacteur:n
blokverkavelingen	blokverkaveling:n
verkavelingen	verkaveling:n
schuiftrompetten	schuiftrompet:n
schuiftrompetje	schuiftrompet:n
trompetzwanen	trompetzwaan:n
oneetbare	oneetbaar:a
fluitzwanen	fluitzwaan:n
monolieten	monoliet:n
monoliete	monoliet:a
energieslurpers	energieslurper:n
gedachtewisselingen	gedachtewisseling:n
warmtepompen	warmtepomp:n
warmtepompje	warmtepomp:n
halogeenlampen	halogeenlamp:n
halogeenlampje	halogeenlamp:n
armaturen	armatuur:n
armatuurtje	armatuur:n
dimbaare	dimbaar:a
stekkerblokken	stekkerblok:n
spouwmuren	spouwmuur:n
wandarmaturen	wandarmatuur:n
wandarmatuurtje	wandarmatuur:n
halogeenlichten	halogeenlicht:n
halogeenlichtje	halogeenlicht:n
stemactrices	stemactrice:n
straalzenders	straalzender:n
energiemeters	energiemeter:n
sportvelden	sportveld:n
sportveldje	sportveld:n
voetbalvelden	voetbalveld:n
voetbalveldje	voetbalveld:n
handbalvelden	handbalveld:n
handbalveldje	handbalveld:n
hockeyvelden	hockeyveld:n
hockeyveldje	hockeyveld:n
energievreters	energievreter:n
graanvelden	graanveld:n
graanveldje	graanveld:n
veldlijnen	veldlijn:n
voetbalclubs	voetbalclub:n
voetbalclubje	voetbalclub:n
voetbalverenigingen	voetbalvereniging:n
batterde	batteren:v
battert	batteren:v
batterden	batteren:v
batterend	batteren:v
gebatterd	batteren:v
trompetter	trompetteren:v
trompetterde	trompetteren:v
trompettert	trompetteren:v
trompetterden	trompetteren:v
trompetterend	trompetteren:v
getrompetterd	trompetteren:v
trompetteer	trompetteren:v
trompetteerde	trompetteren:v
trompetteert	trompetteren:v
trompetteerden	trompetteren:v
getrompetteerd	trompetteren:v
spanningsvelden	spanningsveld:n
mengpanelen	mengpaneel:n
mengpaneeltje	mengpaneel:n
mengtafels	mengtafel:n
mengtafeltje	mengtafel:n
regeltafels	regeltafel:n
premierbonussen	premierbonus:n
tuchtmaatregelen	tuchtmaatregel:n
doellatten	doellat:n
delegaties	delegatie:n
delicater	delicaat:a
delicaatst	delicaat:a
delicate	delicaat:a
delicatere	delicaat:a
delicaatste	delicaat:a
leerrijker	leerrijk:a
leerrijkst	leerrijk:a
leerrijke	leerrijk:a
leerrijkere	leerrijk:a
leerrijkste	leerrijk:a
boerengaten	boerengat:n
rechtsen	rechtse:n
romeinen	romein:n
romeintje	romein:n
halsbrekender	halsbrekend:a
halsbrekendst	halsbrekend:a
halsbrekende	halsbrekend:a
halsbrekendere	halsbrekend:a
halsbrekendste	halsbrekend:a
kattenmensen	kattenmens:n
hondenmensen	hondenmens:n
zwartrokken	zwartrok:n
graanoogsten	graanoogst:n
vetkuiven	vetkuif:n
vetkuifje	vetkuif:n
sigarettenpapiertje	sigarettenpapier:n
werkloosheidsuitkeringen	werkloosheidsuitkering:n
beflapjes	beflapje:n
tochtvrije	tochtvrij:a
arbeidsongeschiktheidsuitkeringen	arbeidsongeschiktheidsuitkering:n
zaalverlichtingen	zaalverlichting:n
modelbouwers	modelbouwer:n
omwentelingsassen	omwentelingsas:n
kaft	kaften:v
kaftte	kaften:v
kaftten	kaften:v
kaftend	kaften:v
gekaft	kaften:v
parkeerplekken	parkeerplek:n
parkeerplekje	parkeerplek:n
parkeerruimtes	parkeerruimte:n
parkeerstroken	parkeerstrook:n
parkeerstrookje	parkeerstrook:n
weesziektes	weesziekte:n
democratiseer	democratiseren:v
democratiseerde	democratiseren:v
democratiseert	democratiseren:v
democratiseerden	democratiseren:v
democratiserend	democratiseren:v
gedemocratiseerd	democratiseren:v
aftuigingen	aftuiging:n
demonteer	demonteren:v
demonteerde	demonteren:v
demonteert	demonteren:v
demonteerden	demonteren:v
demonterend	demonteren:v
gedemonteerd	demonteren:v
lanskorporaals	lanskorporaal:n
spatialer	spatiaal:a
spatiaalst	spatiaal:a
spatiale	spatiaal:a
spatialere	spatiaal:a
spatiaalste	spatiaal:a
ruimtelijker	ruimtelijk:a
ruimtelijkst	ruimtelijk:a
ruimtelijke	ruimtelijk:a
ruimtelijkere	ruimtelijk:a
ruimtelijkste	ruimtelijk:a
binnenruimten	binnenruimte:n
binnenruimtes	binnenruimte:n
buikriemen	buikriem:n
buikriempje	buikriem:n
deobussen	deobus:n
deserteurs	deserteur:n
deserties	desertie:n
uitvaleinden	uitvaleinde:n
uitvaleindes	uitvaleinde:n
uitvaleindje	uitvaleinde:n
doctoreer	doctoreren:v
doctoreerde	doctoreren:v
doctoreert	doctoreren:v
doctoreerden	doctoreren:v
doctorerend	doctoreren:v
gedoctoreerd	doctoreren:v
detacheringsbureaus	detacheringsbureau:n
detacheringen	detachering:n
Afro-Vlamingen	Afro-Vlaming:n
Afro-Nederlanders	Afro-Nederlander:n
ftalaten	ftalaat:n
silhouetten	silhouet:n
silhouetje	silhouet:n
Afro-Belgen	Afro-Belg:n
klusjesmannen	klusjesman:n
boerenkinkels	boerenkinkel:n
boerenkinkeltje	boerenkinkel:n
grondbeginsels	grondbeginsel:n
grondbeginselen	grondbeginsel:n
Belarussischer	Belarussisch:a
Belarussischt	Belarussisch:a
schildersezels	schildersezel:n
schildersezeltje	schildersezel:n
grafkelders	grafkelder:n
plakboeken	plakboek:n
plakboekje	plakboek:n
fotolijsten	fotolijst:n
fotolijstje	fotolijst:n
projecties	projectie:n
supergroepen	supergroep:n
speculaaspoppen	speculaaspop:n
speculaaspopje	speculaaspop:n
gevroten	vreten:v
fotoboeken	fotoboek:n
fotoboekje	fotoboek:n
gezelschapsspellen	gezelschapsspel:n
gezelschapsspelen	gezelschapsspel:n
gezelschapsspelletje	gezelschapsspel:n
rapformaties	rapformatie:n
massaslachtingen	massaslachting:n
slachtingen	slachting:n
kerstverhalen	kerstverhaal:n
kerstverhaaltje	kerstverhaal:n
kerstversieringen	kerstversiering:n
kerstversierinkje	kerstversiering:n
kerstgedachten	kerstgedachte:n
mammoettankers	mammoettanker:n
olietankers	olietanker:n
stemmingswisselingen	stemmingswisseling:n
scheenbeschermers	scheenbeschermer:n
staafdiagrammen	staafdiagram:n
staafdiagrammetje	staafdiagram:n
dialyseer	dialyseren:v
dialyseerde	dialyseren:v
dialyseert	dialyseren:v
dialyseerden	dialyseren:v
dialyserend	dialyseren:v
gedialyseerd	dialyseren:v
dialectgroepen	dialectgroep:n
tweegesprekken	tweegesprek:n
tweegesprekje	tweegesprek:n
dialogische	dialogisch:a
monoloogje	monoloog:n
diascopen	diascoop:n
diastolische	diastolisch:a
dicties	dictie:n
dicteer	dicteren:v
dicteerde	dicteren:v
dicteert	dicteren:v
dicteerden	dicteren:v
dicterend	dicteren:v
gedicteerd	dicteren:v
diatheken	diatheek:n
minibiebs	minibieb:n
minibibliotheken	minibibliotheek:n
deelpachters	deelpachter:n
deelpachten	deelpacht:n
bittergarnituren	bittergarnituur:n
bittergarnituurtje	bittergarnituur:n
nucleaire	nucleair:a
informatiemaatschappijen	informatiemaatschappij:n
informatiemaatschappijtje	informatiemaatschappij:n
informatiebeveiligingen	informatiebeveiliging:n
informatiebeveiligingetje	informatiebeveiliging:n
strokenverkavelingen	strokenverkaveling:n
essenstoven	essenstoof:n
opoefietsen	opoefiets:n
werkwoordstijden	werkwoordstijd:n
wegsleepregelingen	wegsleepregeling:n
foutparkeerders	foutparkeerder:n
doorverbind	doorverbinden:v
doorverbond	doorverbinden:v
doorverbindt	doorverbinden:v
doorverbonden	doorverbinden:v
doorverbindend	doorverbinden:v
straaljagerpiloten	straaljagerpiloot:n
langstudeerders	langstudeerder:n
losloop	loslopen:v
losliep	loslopen:v
losloopt	loslopen:v
losliepen	loslopen:v
loslopend	loslopen:v
losgelopen	loslopen:v
asbelten	asbelt:n
differentiequotiënten	differentiequotiënt:n
diftongeer	diftongeren:v
diftongeerde	diftongeren:v
diftongeert	diftongeren:v
diftongeerden	diftongeren:v
diftongerend	diftongeren:v
gediftongeerd	diftongeren:v
vacuümtoiletten	vacuümtoilet:n
burgemeesterschappen	burgemeesterschap:n
knieschijven	knieschijf:n
knieschijfje	knieschijf:n
broekzakken	broekzak:n
broekzakje	broekzak:n
staatsgodsdiensten	staatsgodsdienst:n
groeihormonen	groeihormoon:n
groeihormoontje	groeihormoon:n
staatsvrouwen	staatsvrouw:n
staatsvrouwtje	staatsvrouw:n
staatspensioenen	staatspensioen:n
staatspensioentje	staatspensioen:n
staatsinmengingen	staatsinmenging:n
staatseigendommen	staatseigendom:n
staatsbedrijven	staatsbedrijf:n
staatsbedrijfje	staatsbedrijf:n
discoballen	discobal:n
discriminaties	discriminatie:n
discoursanalyses	discoursanalyse:n
discutabele	discutabel:a
dispuutje	dispuut:n
bediscussieer	bediscussiëren:v
bediscussieerde	bediscussiëren:v
bediscussieert	bediscussiëren:v
bediscussieerden	bediscussiëren:v
bediscussiërend	bediscussiëren:v
bediscussieerd	bediscussiëren:v
inmengingen	inmenging:n
rijstballen	rijstbal:n
rijstballetje	rijstbal:n
kersttoespraken	kersttoespraak:n
kersttoespraakje	kersttoespraak:n
staatsgevaarlijker	staatsgevaarlijk:a
staatsgevaarlijkst	staatsgevaarlijk:a
staatsgevaarlijke	staatsgevaarlijk:a
staatsgevaarlijkere	staatsgevaarlijk:a
staatsgevaarlijkste	staatsgevaarlijk:a
geurkaarsen	geurkaars:n
geurkaarsje	geurkaars:n
drijfkaarsen	drijfkaars:n
drijfkaarsje	drijfkaars:n
nicodemieten	nicodemiet:n
sluitspieren	sluitspier:n
sluitspiertje	sluitspier:n
dodecafonisten	dodecafonist:n
dodenlijsten	dodenlijst:n
dodenlijstje	dodenlijst:n
onheilsprofeten	onheilsprofeet:n
doetjes	doetje:n
dominicaanse	dominicaans:a
Dominicaanse	Dominicaans:a
Dominicaansen	Dominicaanse:n
donskussens	donskussen:n
donskussentje	donskussen:n
dierentemmers	dierentemmer:n
schilderdoeken	schilderdoek:n
schilderdoekje	schilderdoek:n
getijdendokken	getijdendok:n
dollartekens	dollarteken:n
dollartekentje	dollarteken:n
hedgefondsen	hedgefonds:n
doorlaatbare	doorlaatbaar:a
doorwaad	doorwaden:v
doorwaadde	doorwaden:v
doorwaadt	doorwaden:v
doorwaadden	doorwaden:v
doorwadend	doorwaden:v
wederdoperse	wederdopers:a
ondoorgrondelijke	ondoorgrondelijk:a
doorzetsters	doorzetster:n
doorzetstertje	doorzetster:n
doopsels	doopsel:n
dorsschuren	dorsschuur:n
doorzettingen	doorzetting:n
eierdoppen	eierdop:n
eierdopje	eierdop:n
lucifersdozen	lucifersdoos:n
lucifersdoosje	lucifersdoos:n
luciferdoos	lucifersdoos:n
poederdozen	poederdoos:n
poederdoosje	poederdoos:n
sinjo's	sinjo:n
draaiingshoeken	draaiingshoek:n
dronkenlappen	dronkenlap:n
dronkenlapje	dronkenlap:n
ondragelijker	ondragelijk:a
ondragelijkst	ondragelijk:a
ondragelijke	ondragelijk:a
ondragelijkere	ondragelijk:a
ondragelijkste	ondragelijk:a
draaglijkheid	dragelijkheid:n
hoestdranken	hoestdrank:n
hoestdrankje	hoestdrank:n
hondspeterselies	hondspeterselie:n
hondspeterselietje	hondspeterselie:n
zevenbladen	zevenblad:n
inklink	inklinken:v
inklonk	inklinken:v
inklinkt	inklinken:v
inklonken	inklinken:v
inklinkend	inklinken:v
ingeklonken	inklinken:v
inklinkingen	inklinking:n
meetstations	meetstation:n
meetstationnetje	meetstation:n
akkerwinden	akkerwinde:n
akkerwindes	akkerwinde:n
haagwinden	haagwinde:n
haagwindes	haagwinde:n
vuurwerkslachtoffers	vuurwerkslachtoffer:n
vuurwerkslachtoffertje	vuurwerkslachtoffer:n
meubelboulevards	meubelboulevard:n
oorzakelijke	oorzakelijk:a
dox	doxen:v
doxte	doxen:v
doxt	doxen:v
doxten	doxen:v
doxend	doxen:v
gedoxt	doxen:v
donorlanden	donorland:n
dreigmails	dreigmail:n
dreigmailtje	dreigmail:n
dreigementen	dreigement:n
dreigementje	dreigement:n
vuurwerkbommen	vuurwerkbom:n
vuurwerkbommetje	vuurwerkbom:n
ladderzatte	ladderzat:a
drommelser	drommels:a
drommelst	drommels:a
drommelse	drommels:a
drommelsere	drommels:a
drommelste	drommels:a
hondendrollen	hondendrol:n
hondendrolletje	hondendrol:n
dagdromen	dagdroom:n
dagdroompje	dagdroom:n
dagdroom	dagdromen:v
dagdroomde	dagdromen:v
dagdroomt	dagdromen:v
dagdroomden	dagdromen:v
dagdromend	dagdromen:v
gedagdroomd	dagdromen:v
dromeriger	dromerig:a
dromerigst	dromerig:a
dromerige	dromerig:a
dromerigere	dromerig:a
dromerigste	dromerig:a
wasdrogers	wasdroger:n
avonddronken	avonddronk:n
droplullen	droplul:n
droplulletje	droplul:n
droogstoppels	droogstoppel:n
droogkloten	droogkloot:n
droogklootje	droogkloot:n
voorraaddozen	voorraaddoos:n
voorraaddoosje	voorraaddoos:n
troela's	troela:n
troelaatje	troela:n
fietsdynamo's	fietsdynamo:n
dwangarbeiders	dwangarbeider:n
tweekampen	tweekamp:n
tweegevechten	tweegevecht:n
diepzeeduikers	diepzeeduiker:n
doormaak	doormaken:v
doormaakte	doormaken:v
doormaakt	doormaken:v
doormaakten	doormaken:v
doormakend	doormaken:v
doorgemaakt	doormaken:v
dvd-spelers	dvd-speler:n
dvd-spelertje	dvd-speler:n
peddel	peddelen:v
peddelde	peddelen:v
peddelt	peddelen:v
peddelden	peddelen:v
peddelend	peddelen:v
gepeddeld	peddelen:v
nummer	nummeren:v
nummerde	nummeren:v
nummert	nummeren:v
nummerden	nummeren:v
nummerend	nummeren:v
genummerd	nummeren:v
lofreden	lofrede:n
lofredes	lofrede:n
denkkaders	denkkader:n
parabolische	parabolisch:a
nauwgezetter	nauwgezet:a
nauwgezetst	nauwgezet:a
nauwgezette	nauwgezet:a
nauwgezettere	nauwgezet:a
nauwgezetste	nauwgezet:a
parasiteer	parasiteren:v
parasiteerde	parasiteren:v
parasiteert	parasiteren:v
parasiteerden	parasiteren:v
parasiterend	parasiteren:v
geparasiteerd	parasiteren:v
partities	partitie:n
procentuele	procentueel:a
mengelmoezen	mengelmoes:n
mengelmoesje	mengelmoes:n
krijgsolifanten	krijgsolifant:n
parafrasen	parafrase:n
parafrases	parafrase:n
percepties	perceptie:n
perceptiën	perceptie:n
dwarslaesies	dwarslaesie:n
hersenbrekers	hersenbreker:n
aanwinsten	aanwinst:n
aanwinstje	aanwinst:n
snoeischaren	snoeischaar:n
snoeischaartje	snoeischaar:n
kwistiger	kwistig:a
kwistigst	kwistig:a
kwistige	kwistig:a
kwistigere	kwistig:a
kwistigste	kwistig:a
presidentiële	presidentieel:a
ontheiligingen	ontheiliging:n
besluitvormingen	besluitvorming:n
verpulver	verpulveren:v
verpulverde	verpulveren:v
verpulvert	verpulveren:v
verpulverden	verpulveren:v
verpulverend	verpulveren:v
verpulverd	verpulveren:v
defectieve	defectief:a
toewijdingen	toewijding:n
desolater	desolaat:a
desolaatst	desolaat:a
desolate	desolaat:a
desolatere	desolaat:a
desolaatste	desolaat:a
ragfijne	ragfijn:a
achteruitgangen	achteruitgang:n
defragmenteer	defragmenteren:v
defragmenteerde	defragmenteren:v
defragmenteert	defragmenteren:v
defragmenteerden	defragmenteren:v
defragmenterend	defragmenteren:v
gedefragmenteerd	defragmenteren:v
vaccinatiecampagnes	vaccinatiecampagne:n
sog	soggen:v
sogde	soggen:v
sogt	soggen:v
sogden	soggen:v
soggend	soggen:v
gesogd	soggen:v
anderstaligen	anderstalige:n
eclatanter	eclatant:a
eclatantst	eclatant:a
eclatante	eclatant:a
eclatantere	eclatant:a
eclatantste	eclatant:a
tofsporten	tofsport:n
tofsportje	tofsport:n
topsporten	topsport:n
topsportje	topsport:n
profsporten	profsport:n
profsportje	profsport:n
vadermoorders	vadermoorder:n
vadermoordertje	vadermoorder:n
vadermoordenaars	vadermoordenaar:n
vadermoordenaartje	vadermoordenaar:n
moedermoordenaars	moedermoordenaar:n
moedermoordenaartje	moedermoordenaar:n
kuiters	kuiter:n
kuitertje	kuiter:n
kiescolleges	kiescollege:n
bezorgdiensten	bezorgdienst:n
maaltijdbezorgingen	maaltijdbezorging:n
maaltijdbezorgers	maaltijdbezorger:n
videogesprekken	videogesprek:n
videogesprekje	videogesprek:n
telefoongesprekken	telefoongesprek:n
telefoongesprekje	telefoongesprek:n
kwetsbaarheden	kwetsbaarheid:n
liefdesmalen	liefdesmaal:n
batterijkippen	batterijkip:n
legbatterijen	legbatterij:n
zageventen	zagevent:n
zageventje	zagevent:n
zagewijven	zagewijf:n
zagewijfje	zagewijf:n
zanikers	zaniker:n
zanikertje	zaniker:n
zagemies	zagemie:n
zagemieke	zagemie:n
miekes	mieke:n
wereldallen	wereldal:n
wereldalletje	wereldal:n
veraangenaam	veraangenamen:v
veraangenaamde	veraangenamen:v
veraangenaamt	veraangenamen:v
veraangenaamden	veraangenamen:v
veraangenamend	veraangenamen:v
veraangenaamd	veraangenamen:v
zagevrouwen	zagevrouw:n
zagevrouwtje	zagevrouw:n
straalkachels	straalkachel:n
straalkacheltje	straalkachel:n
figuurzagen	figuurzaag:n
figuurzaagje	figuurzaag:n
burn-outs	burn-out:n
poppemies	poppemie:n
poppemieke	poppemie:n
schattemies	schattemie:n
schattemieke	schattemie:n
babbelmies	babbelmie:n
babbelmieke	babbelmie:n
plasangsten	plasangst:n
plasangstje	plasangst:n
plasvresen	plasvrees:n
plasvreesje	plasvrees:n
keuzevakken	keuzevak:n
keuzevakje	keuzevak:n
opperpriesters	opperpriester:n
opperpriesteren	opperpriester:n
opperpriestertje	opperpriester:n
onderpriesters	onderpriester:n
onderpriesteren	onderpriester:n
onderpriestertje	onderpriester:n
tempelpriesters	tempelpriester:n
tempelpriestertje	tempelpriester:n
priesterinnen	priesterin:n
priesterinnetje	priesterin:n
hulppriesters	hulppriester:n
hulppriesteren	hulppriester:n
hulppriestertje	hulppriester:n
ruimtevaarsters	ruimtevaarster:n
ruimtevaarstertje	ruimtevaarster:n
kosmonautes	kosmonaute:n
kosmonautetje	kosmonaute:n
verluid	verluiden:v
verluidde	verluiden:v
verluidt	verluiden:v
verluidden	verluiden:v
verluidend	verluiden:v
ruimtepakken	ruimtepak:n
ruimtepakje	ruimtepak:n
ziekenbroeders	ziekenbroeder:n
dierenpensions	dierenpension:n
Muze	muze:n
poezebeesten	poezebeest:n
poezebeestje	poezebeest:n
vuurbergen	vuurberg:n
vuurbergje	vuurberg:n
kunstenaren	kunstenaar:n
bellemannen	belleman:n
bellemannetje	belleman:n
stadsomroepers	stadsomroeper:n
stadsomroepertje	stadsomroeper:n
grammaticaregels	grammaticaregel:n
grammaticaregeltje	grammaticaregel:n
spraakkunstregels	spraakkunstregel:n
spraakkunstregeltje	spraakkunstregel:n
koelbloediger	koelbloedig:a
koelbloedigst	koelbloedig:a
koelbloedige	koelbloedig:a
koelbloedigere	koelbloedig:a
koelbloedigste	koelbloedig:a
warmbloediger	warmbloedig:a
warmbloedigst	warmbloedig:a
warmbloedige	warmbloedig:a
warmbloedigere	warmbloedig:a
warmbloedigste	warmbloedig:a
bruiklenen	bruikleen:n
bruikleentje	bruikleen:n
twk'tje	twk:n
portfoliocarrières	portfoliocarrière:n
portfoliocarrièretje	portfoliocarrière:n
arrestatiegolven	arrestatiegolf:n
rattenlijnen	rattenlijn:n
hoofdschuldigen	hoofdschuldige:n
plaatsbeschrijvingen	plaatsbeschrijving:n
snijwonden	snijwond:n
snijwondje	snijwond:n
epidemiologen	epidemioloog:n
epidemiologes	epidemiologe:n
statushouders	statushouder:n
probleemgezinnen	probleemgezin:n
versoepelingen	versoepeling:n
miscommunicaties	miscommunicatie:n
paralympiërs	paralympiër:n
speculatiever	speculatief:a
speculatiefst	speculatief:a
speculatieve	speculatief:a
speculatievere	speculatief:a
speculatiefste	speculatief:a
leegstanden	leegstand:n
wrakstukken	wrakstuk:n
wrakstukje	wrakstuk:n
ziekteverzuimen	ziekteverzuim:n
roffianen	roffiaan:n
bewaarscholen	bewaarschool:n
bewaarschooltje	bewaarschool:n
turbulenties	turbulentie:n
vrieskoude	vrieskou:n
bipolaire	bipolair:a
loopgraafkatten	loopgraafkat:n
franchepanes	franchepane:n
franchepanetje	franchepane:n
orgelbouwers	orgelbouwer:n
Manoesjen	Manoesj:n
kaalkopjes	kaalkopje:n
giftgas	gifgas:n
overlaat	overlaten:v
overliet	overlaten:v
overlieten	overlaten:v
overlatend	overlaten:v
overgelaten	overlaten:v
tunnelboormachines	tunnelboormachine:n
vluggertjes	vluggertje:n
wappies	wappie:n|wappie:a
ontscheidingen	ontscheiding:n
viruswappies	viruswappie:n
remmingen	remming:n
leerachterstanden	leerachterstand:n
woonwagens	woonwagen:n
woonwagentje	woonwagen:n
woonwagenbewoners	woonwagenbewoner:n
stemvorken	stemvork:n
stemvorkje	stemvork:n
strijkborden	strijkbord:n
strijkbordje	strijkbord:n
stugheden	stugheid:n
omslagdoeken	omslagdoek:n
omslagdoekje	omslagdoek:n
arbeidsvoorwaarden	arbeidsvoorwaarde:n
arbeidsvoorwaardetje	arbeidsvoorwaarde:n
beeldmaterialen	beeldmateriaal:n
beeldmateriaaltje	beeldmateriaal:n
grondstoffenvoorzieningen	grondstoffenvoorziening:n
grondstoffenvoorzieninkje	grondstoffenvoorziening:n
hoofdkantoren	hoofdkantoor:n
hoofdkantoortje	hoofdkantoor:n
inkopers	inkoper:n
inkopertje	inkoper:n
marktposities	marktpositie:n
marktpositietje	marktpositie:n
rocksterren	rockster:n
rocksterretje	rockster:n
monitor	monitoren:v
monitorde	monitoren:v
monitort	monitoren:v
monitorden	monitoren:v
monitorend	monitoren:v
gemonitord	monitoren:v
toonaangevender	toonaangevend:a
toonaangevendst	toonaangevend:a
toonaangevende	toonaangevend:a
toonaangevendere	toonaangevend:a
toonaangevendste	toonaangevend:a
ontadel	ontadelen:v
ontadelde	ontadelen:v
ontadelt	ontadelen:v
ontadelden	ontadelen:v
ontadelend	ontadelen:v
ontadeld	ontadelen:v
ontbeen	ontbenen:v
ontbeende	ontbenen:v
ontbeent	ontbenen:v
ontbeenden	ontbenen:v
ontbenend	ontbenen:v
ontbeend	ontbenen:v
ontbloei	ontbloeien:v
ontbloeide	ontbloeien:v
ontbloeit	ontbloeien:v
ontbloeiden	ontbloeien:v
ontbloeiend	ontbloeien:v
ontbloeid	ontbloeien:v
gebiedsverboden	gebiedsverbod:n
ontkrimp	ontkrimpen:v
ontkromp	ontkrimpen:v
ontkrimpt	ontkrimpen:v
ontkrompen	ontkrimpen:v
ontkrimpend	ontkrimpen:v
ontzoet	ontzoeten:v
ontzoette	ontzoeten:v
ontzoetten	ontzoeten:v
ontzoetend	ontzoeten:v
ontschuim	ontschuimen:v
ontschuimde	ontschuimen:v
ontschuimt	ontschuimen:v
ontschuimden	ontschuimen:v
ontschuimend	ontschuimen:v
ontschuimd	ontschuimen:v
ontvlees	ontvlezen:v
ontvleesde	ontvlezen:v
ontvleest	ontvlezen:v
ontvleesden	ontvlezen:v
ontvlezend	ontvlezen:v
ontvleesd	ontvlezen:v
sleutelbossen	sleutelbos:n
sleutelbosje	sleutelbos:n
ademhalingsproblemen	ademhalingsprobleem:n
ademhalingsprobleempje	ademhalingsprobleem:n
e-bikers	e-biker:n
kabinetsvallen	kabinetsval:n
ontwoud	ontwouden:v
ontwoudde	ontwouden:v
ontwoudt	ontwouden:v
ontwoudden	ontwouden:v
ontwoudend	ontwouden:v
gladdiger	gladdig:a
gladdigst	gladdig:a
ontwek	ontwekken:v
ontwekte	ontwekken:v
ontwekt	ontwekken:v
ontwekten	ontwekken:v
ontwekkend	ontwekken:v
ontglans	ontglanzen:v
ontglansde	ontglanzen:v
ontglanst	ontglanzen:v
ontglansden	ontglanzen:v
ontglanzend	ontglanzen:v
ontglansd	ontglanzen:v
beradingen	berading:n
rekruteerders	rekruteerder:n
rekruteerdertje	rekruteerder:n
exponentiële	exponentieel:a
triskels	triskel:n
triskelletje	triskel:n
haatdragender	haatdragend:a
haatdragendst	haatdragend:a
haatdragende	haatdragend:a
haatdragendere	haatdragend:a
haatdragendste	haatdragend:a
zaadvragende	zaadvragend:a
rijksgenoten	rijksgenoot:n
koffiefilters	koffiefilter:n
koffiefiltertje	koffiefilter:n
ambtswoningen	ambtswoning:n
schattigaards	schattigaard:n
schattigaardje	schattigaard:n
filterkoffies	filterkoffie:n
scheurkalenders	scheurkalender:n
scheurkalendertje	scheurkalender:n
zonnekalenders	zonnekalender:n
maankalenders	maankalender:n
uitlaatgassen	uitlaatgas:n
uitlaatgasje	uitlaatgas:n
uitlaatkleppen	uitlaatklep:n
uitlaatklepje	uitlaatklep:n
uitlaatpijpen	uitlaatpijp:n
uitlaatpijpje	uitlaatpijp:n
hartkleppen	hartklep:n
hartklepje	hartklep:n
oogkleppen	oogklep:n
oogklepje	oogklep:n
vreugdevoller	vreugdevol:a
vreugdevolst	vreugdevol:a
vreugdevolle	vreugdevol:a
vreugdevollere	vreugdevol:a
vreugdevolste	vreugdevol:a
ontroest	ontroesten:v
ontroestte	ontroesten:v
ontroestten	ontroesten:v
ontroestend	ontroesten:v
ontroom	ontromen:v
ontroomde	ontromen:v
ontroomt	ontromen:v
ontroomden	ontromen:v
ontromend	ontromen:v
ontroomd	ontromen:v
ontsuiker	ontsuikeren:v
ontsuikerde	ontsuikeren:v
ontsuikert	ontsuikeren:v
ontsuikerden	ontsuikeren:v
ontsuikerend	ontsuikeren:v
ontsuikerd	ontsuikeren:v
laadbomen	laadboom:n
laadboompje	laadboom:n
laadperrons	laadperron:n
laadperronnetje	laadperron:n
laadplaatsen	laadplaats:n
laadplaatsje	laadplaats:n
kruitvaten	kruitvat:n
kruitvaatje	kruitvat:n
kwezels	kwezel:n
kwezeltje	kwezel:n
jonggezellen	jonggezel:n
jonggezelletje	jonggezel:n
jonggezellinnen	jonggezellin:n
jonggezellinnetje	jonggezellin:n
vrijgezellinnen	vrijgezellin:n
vetpotten	vetpot:n
vetpotje	vetpot:n
vereenzaam	vereenzamen:v
vereenzaamde	vereenzamen:v
vereenzaamt	vereenzamen:v
vereenzaamden	vereenzamen:v
vereenzamend	vereenzamen:v
vereenzaamd	vereenzamen:v
islamologen	islamoloog:n
zwadje	zwad:n
energiewendes	energiewende:n
energiewenden	energiewende:n
stremsels	stremsel:n
difterieën	difterie:n
difterietje	difterie:n
excessen	exces:n
ontwaardde	ontwaarden:v
ontwaardt	ontwaarden:v
ontwaardden	ontwaarden:v
ontwaardend	ontwaarden:v
onthaak	onthaken:v
onthaakte	onthaken:v
onthaakt	onthaken:v
onthaakten	onthaken:v
onthakend	onthaken:v
aanplakzuilen	aanplakzuil:n
onthoorn	onthoornen:v
onthoornde	onthoornen:v
onthoornt	onthoornen:v
onthoornden	onthoornen:v
onthoornend	onthoornen:v
onthoornd	onthoornen:v
actiefoto's	actiefoto:n
ontkerkelijk	ontkerkelijken:v
ontkerkelijkte	ontkerkelijken:v
ontkerkelijkt	ontkerkelijken:v
ontkerkelijkten	ontkerkelijken:v
ontkerkelijkend	ontkerkelijken:v
rommelzolders	rommelzolder:n
rommelzoldertje	rommelzolder:n
ontkorrel	ontkorrelen:v
ontkorrelde	ontkorrelen:v
ontkorrelt	ontkorrelen:v
ontkorrelden	ontkorrelen:v
ontkorrelend	ontkorrelen:v
ontkorreld	ontkorrelen:v
hooizolders	hooizolder:n
hooizoldertje	hooizolder:n
ontgeur	ontgeuren:v
ontgeurde	ontgeuren:v
ontgeurt	ontgeuren:v
ontgeurden	ontgeuren:v
ontgeurend	ontgeuren:v
ontgeurd	ontgeuren:v
uitreisverboden	uitreisverbod:n
altruïstischer	altruïstisch:a
altruïstische	altruïstisch:a
altruïstischere	altruïstisch:a
altruïsten	altruïst:n
altruïstje	altruïst:n
ontboei	ontboeien:v
ontboeide	ontboeien:v
ontboeit	ontboeien:v
ontboeiden	ontboeien:v
ontboeiend	ontboeien:v
ontboeid	ontboeien:v
altruïstes	altruïste:n
zwerfkapjes	zwerfkapje:n
wendepunten	wendepunt:n
wendepuntje	wendepunt:n
princiepsakkoorden	princiepsakkoord:n
principeakkoorden	principeakkoord:n
afweersystemen	afweersysteem:n
afweerraketten	afweerraket:n
ontbundel	ontbundelen:v
ontbundelde	ontbundelen:v
ontbundelt	ontbundelen:v
ontbundelden	ontbundelen:v
ontbundelend	ontbundelen:v
ontbundeld	ontbundelen:v
ontbreidel	ontbreidelen:v
ontbreidelde	ontbreidelen:v
ontbreidelt	ontbreidelen:v
ontbreidelden	ontbreidelen:v
ontbreidelend	ontbreidelen:v
ontbreideld	ontbreidelen:v
ontbolster	ontbolsteren:v
ontbolsterde	ontbolsteren:v
ontbolstert	ontbolsteren:v
ontbolsterden	ontbolsteren:v
ontbolsterend	ontbolsteren:v
ontbolsterd	ontbolsteren:v
ontgesp	ontgespen:v
ontgespte	ontgespen:v
ontgespt	ontgespen:v
ontgespten	ontgespen:v
ontgespend	ontgespen:v
ontkroon	ontkronen:v
ontkroonde	ontkronen:v
ontkroont	ontkronen:v
ontkroonden	ontkronen:v
ontkronend	ontkronen:v
ontkroond	ontkronen:v
verdienmodellen	verdienmodel:n
verdienmodelletje	verdienmodel:n
jaarwendes	jaarwende:n
jaarwenden	jaarwende:n
fabeltjesfuiken	fabeltjesfuik:n
jaarwissels	jaarwissel:n
ontkerkelijkingen	ontkerkelijking:n
rekenwonders	rekenwonder:n
rekenwondertje	rekenwonder:n
techbedrijven	techbedrijf:n
techbedrijfje	techbedrijf:n
kakelverser	kakelvers:a
kakelverst	kakelvers:a
kakel	kakelen:v
kakelde	kakelen:v
kakelt	kakelen:v
kakelden	kakelen:v
kakelend	kakelen:v
gekakeld	kakelen:v
ontrijm	ontrijmen:v
ontrijmde	ontrijmen:v
ontrijmt	ontrijmen:v
ontrijmden	ontrijmen:v
ontrijmend	ontrijmen:v
ontrijmd	ontrijmen:v
ontgordel	ontgordelen:v
ontgordelde	ontgordelen:v
ontgordelt	ontgordelen:v
ontgordelden	ontgordelen:v
ontgordelend	ontgordelen:v
ontgordeld	ontgordelen:v
ontgord	ontgorden:v
ontgordde	ontgorden:v
ontgordt	ontgorden:v
ontgordden	ontgorden:v
ontgordend	ontgorden:v
ontdemp	ontdempen:v
ontdempte	ontdempen:v
ontdempt	ontdempen:v
ontdempten	ontdempen:v
ontdempend	ontdempen:v
ontgroefde	ontgroeven:v
ontgroeft	ontgroeven:v
ontgroefden	ontgroeven:v
ontgroevend	ontgroeven:v
ontgroefd	ontgroeven:v
prela's	prela:n
islamologische	islamologisch:a
sigmatische	sigmatisch:a
asigmatische	asigmatisch:a
ontschamp	ontschampen:v
ontschampte	ontschampen:v
ontschampt	ontschampen:v
ontschampten	ontschampen:v
ontschampend	ontschampen:v
ontwoel	ontwoelen:v
ontwoelde	ontwoelen:v
ontwoelt	ontwoelen:v
ontwoelden	ontwoelen:v
ontwoelend	ontwoelen:v
ontwoeld	ontwoelen:v
ontkersten	ontkerstenen:v
ontkerstende	ontkerstenen:v
ontkerstent	ontkerstenen:v
ontkerstenden	ontkerstenen:v
ontkerstenend	ontkerstenen:v
ontkerstend	ontkerstenen:v
buitengrenzen	buitengrens:n
binnengrenzen	binnengrens:n
Hebreeërs	Hebreeër:n|Hebreeën:m
Hebreeën	Hebreeër:n
athematische	athematisch:a
Amerikaans-Samoanen	Amerikaans-Samoaan:n
Amerikaans-Samoaansen	Amerikaans-Samoaanse:n
Amerikaans-Samoaanse	Amerikaans-Samoaans:a
ontzweef	ontzweven:v
ontzweefde	ontzweven:v
ontzweeft	ontzweven:v
ontzweefden	ontzweven:v
ontzwevend	ontzweven:v
ontzweefd	ontzweven:v
ontzwanger	ontzwangeren:v
ontzwangerde	ontzwangeren:v
ontzwangert	ontzwangeren:v
ontzwangerden	ontzwangeren:v
ontzwangerend	ontzwangeren:v
ontzwangerd	ontzwangeren:v
ontzwachtel	ontzwachtelen:v
ontzwachtelde	ontzwachtelen:v
ontzwachtelt	ontzwachtelen:v
ontzwachtelden	ontzwachtelen:v
ontzwachtelend	ontzwachtelen:v
ontzwachteld	ontzwachtelen:v
kat-en-muisspellen	kat-en-muisspel:n
kat-en-muisspelen	kat-en-muisspel:n
kat-en-muisspelletje	kat-en-muisspel:n
vrijlatingen	vrijlating:n
disrupties	disruptie:n
disruptietje	disruptie:n
Samoaansen	Samoaanse:n
kruisbestuivingen	kruisbestuiving:n
noodverordeningen	noodverordening:n
noodbevelen	noodbevel:n
draconische	draconisch:a
verzetsstrijders	verzetsstrijder:n
gaslekken	gaslek:n
gaslekje	gaslek:n
ziekteverwekkers	ziekteverwekker:n
ziekteverwekkertje	ziekteverwekker:n
spierpijnen	spierpijn:n
spierpijntje	spierpijn:n
anafylactische	anafylactisch:a
bijsluiters	bijsluiter:n
bijsluitertje	bijsluiter:n
reisbeperkingen	reisbeperking:n
Ledeboerianen	Ledeboeriaan:n
voetenruimtes	voetenruimte:n
voetenruimten	voetenruimte:n
tweetaktmotoren	tweetaktmotor:n
viertaktmotoren	viertaktmotor:n
winkelruiten	winkelruit:n
winkelruitje	winkelruit:n
ambulancebroeders	ambulancebroeder:n
symptoombestrijdingen	symptoombestrijding:n
ambulancezusters	ambulancezuster:n
bezoekuren	bezoekuur:n
bezoekuurtje	bezoekuur:n
vragenuren	vragenuur:n
vragenuurtje	vragenuur:n
totalitaire	totalitair:n
nesjommes	nesjomme:n
maturaties	maturatie:n
crimigranten	crimigrant:n
crimigrantje	crimigrant:n
crimigraties	crimigratie:n
queesten	queeste:n
queestes	queeste:n
Urkers	Urker:n
auto-immuunziekten	auto-immuunziekte:n
auto-immuunziektes	auto-immuunziekte:n
onverantwoorde	onverantwoord:a
opeenvolgingen	opeenvolging:n
ijshallen	ijshal:n
schaatshallen	schaatshal:n
spookkeukens	spookkeuken:n
spookkeukentje	spookkeuken:n
debrief	debriefen:v
debriefde	debriefen:v
debrieft	debriefen:v
debriefden	debriefen:v
debriefend	debriefen:v
gedebriefd	debriefen:v
debriefte	debriefen:v
debrieften	debriefen:v
gedebrieft	debriefen:v
boekskes	boekske:n
podiummoeders	podiummoeder:n
podiummoedertje	podiummoeder:n
flitsers	flitser:n
flitsertje	flitser:n
donorvaders	donorvader:n
grenspalen	grenspaal:n
grenspaaltje	grenspaal:n
grenswachters	grenswachter:n
boekschriften	boekschrift:n
boekschriftje	boekschrift:n
neoklassieker	neoklassiek:a
neoklassiekst	neoklassiek:a
psychosegevoeliger	psychosegevoelig:n
psychosegevoeligst	psychosegevoelig:n
intervisies	intervisie:n
kristalheldere	kristalhelder:a
naamhaftiger	naamhaftig:a
naamhaftigst	naamhaftig:a
overwichtiger	overwichtig:n
overwichtigst	overwichtig:n
lievenswaardiger	lievenswaardig:a
lievenswaardigst	lievenswaardig:a
leergraager	leergraag:a
leergraagst	leergraag:a
volautomatische	volautomatisch:a
bioblitzen	bioblitz:n
bioblitzje	bioblitz:n
vectorvaccins	vectorvaccin:n
publiciteitsstunts	publiciteitsstunt:n
publiciteitsstuntje	publiciteitsstunt:n
kortwijliger	kortwijlig:a
kortwijligst	kortwijlig:a
wonderschooner	wonderschoon:a
wonderschoonst	wonderschoon:a
wondermooier	wondermooi:a
wondermooist	wondermooi:a
bevorderingen	bevordering:n
bevorderingetje	bevordering:n
wagenvloten	wagenvloot:n
treinvloten	treinvloot:n
waseieren	wasei:n
waseitje	wasei:n
facilitaties	facilitatie:n
nektapijten	nektapijt:n
nektapijtje	nektapijt:n
bananenmonarchieën	bananenmonarchie:n
bananenmonarchietje	bananenmonarchie:n
onblijer	onblij:a
onblijst	onblij:a
bazuinkoren	bazuinkoor:n
bazuinkoortje	bazuinkoor:n
sibbegenoten	sibbegenoot:n
sibbegenootje	sibbegenoot:n
prijzenpotten	prijzenpot:n
eengezinswoningen	eengezinswoning:n
eengezinswoninkje	eengezinswoning:n
hemellichten	hemellicht:n
hemellichtje	hemellicht:n
sperdifferentiëlen	sperdifferentieel:n
wensouders	wensouder:n
jodinnen	jodin:n
ezelinnen	ezelin:n
ezelinnetje	ezelin:n
uilinnen	uilin:n
uilinnetje	uilin:n
moffinnen	moffin:n
moffinnetje	moffin:n
duivinnen	duivin:n
duivinnetje	duivin:n
Friezinnen	Friezin:n
Friezinnetje	Friezin:n
jagerinnen	jagerin:n
jagerinnetje	jagerin:n
duivelinnen	duivelin:n
duivelinnetje	duivelin:n
onderzoeksjournalistes	onderzoeksjournaliste:n
combinatorische	combinatorisch:a
drostinnen	drostin:n
drostinnetje	drostin:n
moslima's	moslima:n
moslimaatje	moslima:n
onderbevolkter	onderbevolkt:a
onderbevolktst	onderbevolkt:a
overbevolkter	overbevolkt:a
overbevolktst	overbevolkt:a
bovenmenselijker	bovenmenselijk:a
bovenmenselijkst	bovenmenselijk:a
bovenmenselijke	bovenmenselijk:a
bovenmenselijkere	bovenmenselijk:a
bovenmenselijkste	bovenmenselijk:a
almachtsfantasieën	almachtsfantasie:n
almachtsfantasietje	almachtsfantasie:n
cartoonesker	cartoonesk:n
cartooneskst	cartoonesk:n
cartooneske	cartoonesk:n
cartooneskere	cartoonesk:n
cartooneskste	cartoonesk:n
potdove	potdoof:a
dagplanners	dagplanner:n
dagplannertje	dagplanner:n
ritornellen	ritornel:n
ritornelletje	ritornel:n
witborden	witbord:n
witbordje	witbord:n
vermogelijk	vermogelijken:v
vermogelijkte	vermogelijken:v
vermogelijkt	vermogelijken:v
vermogelijkten	vermogelijken:v
vermogelijkend	vermogelijken:v
drooghavens	drooghaven:n
drooghaventje	drooghaven:n
perfunctorischer	perfunctorisch:a
perfunctorischt	perfunctorisch:a
achtkoppige	achtkoppig:a
driekoppige	driekoppig:a
vierkoppige	vierkoppig:a
vijfkoppige	vijfkoppig:a
zeskoppige	zeskoppig:a
zevenkoppige	zevenkoppig:a
tweekoppige	tweekoppig:a
eenkoppige	eenkoppig:a
onmetelijker	onmetelijk:a
onmetelijkst	onmetelijk:a
onnauwkeuriger	onnauwkeurig:a
onnauwkeurigst	onnauwkeurig:a
onnauwkeurige	onnauwkeurig:a
onnauwkeurigere	onnauwkeurig:a
onnauwkeurigste	onnauwkeurig:a
dharmische	dharmisch:a
verbrusselingen	verbrusseling:n
irrationele	irrationeel:a
gaskachels	gaskachel:n
gaskacheltje	gaskachel:n
gasovens	gasoven:n
gasoventje	gasoven:n
gasstellen	gasstel:n
gasstelletje	gasstel:n
ioniseer	ioniseren:v
ioniseerde	ioniseren:v
ioniseert	ioniseren:v
ioniseerden	ioniseren:v
ioniserend	ioniseren:v
geïoniseerd	ioniseren:v
irredentistischer	irredentistisch:a
irredentistischt	irredentistisch:a
irredentistische	irredentistisch:a
irredentistischere	irredentistisch:a
irredentistischte	irredentistisch:a
gasreuzen	gasreus:n
wisselbalgen	wisselbalg:n
wisselbalgje	wisselbalg:n
wisselkinderen	wisselkind:n
wisselkindje	wisselkind:n
feeachtiger	feeachtig:a
feeachtigst	feeachtig:a
gasvlammen	gasvlam:n
gasvlammetje	gasvlam:n
gedaanteverwisselaars	gedaanteverwisselaar:n
gedaanteverwisselaartje	gedaanteverwisselaar:n
gasplaneten	gasplaneet:n
vuurballen	vuurbal:n
vuurballetje	vuurbal:n
gaspitten	gaspit:n
gaspitje	gaspit:n
gasvrije	gasvrij:a
oorlogsgassen	oorlogsgas:n
gasachtige	gasachtig:a
inzeep	inzepen:v
inzeepte	inzepen:v
inzeept	inzepen:v
inzeepten	inzepen:v
inzepend	inzepen:v
ingezeept	inzepen:v
gasaanvallen	gasaanval:n
gaswolken	gaswolk:n
gaswolkje	gaswolk:n
gasnevels	gasnevel:n
gasnevelen	gasnevel:n
gasneveltje	gasnevel:n
Oudpruisische	Oudpruisisch:a
waarzonder	waar:d
blokkages	blokkage:n
blokkagen	blokkage:n
blokkagetje	blokkage:n
stoomvoertuigen	stoomvoertuig:n
stoomwagens	stoomwagen:n
stoomwagentje	stoomwagen:n
mededing	mededingen:v
mededong	mededingen:v
mededingt	mededingen:v
mededongen	mededingen:v
mededingend	mededingen:v
medegedongen	mededingen:v
bruggenhoofden	bruggenhoofd:n
bruggenhoofdje	bruggenhoofd:n
quasi-allianties	quasi-alliantie:n
quasi-alliantietje	quasi-alliantie:n
landhoofden	landhoofd:n
landhoofdje	landhoofd:n
strandhoofden	strandhoofd:n
strandhoofdje	strandhoofd:n
strandhoofdenvelden	strandhoofdenveld:n
strandhoofdenveldje	strandhoofdenveld:n
implicaties	implicatie:n
implicatietje	implicatie:n
ombudscommissies	ombudscommissie:n
ombudscommissietje	ombudscommissie:n
transactioneler	transactioneel:n
transactioneelst	transactioneel:n
relationeler	relationeel:n
relationeelst	relationeel:n
boeiends	boeiend:a
ongewortelde	ongeworteld:a
bubbelbaden	bubbelbad:n
bubbelbadje	bubbelbad:n
nieuwtjes	nieuwtje:n
allerergste	allerergst:a
dienstregelingen	dienstregeling:n
kooivechtsters	kooivechtster:n
woordenvloeden	woordenvloed:n
waterspiegels	waterspiegel:n
waterspiegeltje	waterspiegel:n
oordeels	oordeel:n
geschiedfilosofen	geschiedfilosoof:n
geschiedfilosofische	geschiedfilosofisch:a
zonneparken	zonnepark:n
zonneparkje	zonnepark:n
natuurgetrouwer	natuurgetrouw:a
natuurgetrouwst	natuurgetrouw:a
natuurgetrouwe	natuurgetrouw:a
natuurgetrouwere	natuurgetrouw:a
natuurgetrouwste	natuurgetrouw:a
kweekvissen	kweekvis:n
hersenziekten	hersenziekte:n
hersenziektes	hersenziekte:n
gerontocratieën	gerontocratie:n
aanbijt	aanbijten:v
aanbeet	aanbijten:v
aanbeten	aanbijten:v|aanbeet:n
aanbijtend	aanbijten:v
aangebeten	aanbijten:v
aanbind	aanbinden:v
aanbond	aanbinden:v
aanbindt	aanbinden:v
aanbonden	aanbinden:v
aanbindend	aanbinden:v
aangebonden	aanbinden:v
kamergenoten	kamergenoot:n
synchroner	synchroon:a
synchroonst	synchroon:a
synchrone	synchroon:a
synchronere	synchroon:a
synchroonste	synchroon:a
handgrepen	handgreep:n
handgreepje	handgreep:n
aandis	aandissen:v
aandiste	aandissen:v
aandist	aandissen:v
aandisten	aandissen:v
aandissend	aandissen:v
aangedist	aandissen:v
bijenhotels	bijenhotel:n
schaalvergrotingen	schaalvergroting:n
persco	persconferentie:n
burgerinitiatieven	burgerinitiatief:n
vrouwonvriendelijker	vrouwonvriendelijk:a
vrouwonvriendelijkst	vrouwonvriendelijk:a
vrouwonvriendelijke	vrouwonvriendelijk:a
vrouwonvriendelijkere	vrouwonvriendelijk:a
vrouwonvriendelijkste	vrouwonvriendelijk:a
onvriendelijkheden	onvriendelijkheid:n
verkiezingsbeloften	verkiezingsbelofte:n
verkiezingsbeloftes	verkiezingsbelofte:n
gemeenteraadsverkiezingen	gemeenteraadsverkiezing:n
deelstaatverkiezingen	deelstaatverkiezing:n
burgervaders	burgervader:n
burgervadertje	burgervader:n
steunbetuigingen	steunbetuiging:n
steunbetuiginkje	steunbetuiging:n
sjarels	sjarel:n
sjareltje	sjarel:n
benadelingen	benadeling:n
busgroenten	busgroente:n
blikgroenten	blikgroente:n
blikgroentes	blikgroente:n
busdokters	busdokter:n
buurtbussen	buurtbus:n
buurtbusje	buurtbus:n
streekbussen	streekbus:n
streekbusje	streekbus:n
Oostblokkers	Oostblokker:n
snelbussen	snelbus:n
lijstduwers	lijstduwer:n
speurneuzen	speurneus:n
speurneusje	speurneus:n
sneeuwbaleffecten	sneeuwbaleffect:n
splinterpartijen	splinterpartij:n
splinterpartijtje	splinterpartij:n
kiprollades	kiprollade:n
kiprolladen	kiprollade:n
kiprolladetje	kiprollade:n
16-plussers	16-plusser:n
16-plussertje	16-plusser:n
jobspecifieker	jobspecifiek:a
jobspecifiekst	jobspecifiek:a
opschaalbaarder	opschaalbaar:a
opschaalbaarst	opschaalbaar:a
schaalbaarder	schaalbaar:a
schaalbaarst	schaalbaar:a
schaalvoordelen	schaalvoordeel:n
pajongs	pajong:n
ellebooggroeten	ellebooggroet:n
uitverkies	uitverkiezen:v
uitverkoos	uitverkiezen:v
uitverkiest	uitverkiezen:v
uitverkozen	uitverkiezen:v
uitverkiezend	uitverkiezen:v
kneedgummen	kneedgum:n
kneedgummetje	kneedgum:n
aankoek	aankoeken:v
aankoekte	aankoeken:v
aankoekt	aankoeken:v
aankoekten	aankoeken:v
aankoekend	aankoeken:v
aangekoekt	aankoeken:v
geurstoffen	geurstof:n
geurstofje	geurstof:n
hoofdhuiden	hoofdhuid:n
hoofdhuidje	hoofdhuid:n
oversteekplaatsen	oversteekplaats:n
politiekantoren	politiekantoor:n
politiekantoortje	politiekantoor:n
wegdommel	wegdommelen:v
wegdommelde	wegdommelen:v
wegdommelt	wegdommelen:v
wegdommelden	wegdommelen:v
wegdommelend	wegdommelen:v
weggedommeld	wegdommelen:v
gireer	gireren:v
gireerde	gireren:v
gireert	gireren:v
gireerden	gireren:v
girerend	gireren:v
gegireerd	gireren:v
lelieaards	lelieaard:n
lelieaardje	lelieaard:n
jachttrofeeën	jachttrofee:n
trofeejachten	trofeejacht:n
groepsverkrachtingen	groepsverkrachting:n
ongodsdienstiger	ongodsdienstig:a
ongodsdienstigst	ongodsdienstig:a
ongodsdienstige	ongodsdienstig:a
ongodsdienstigere	ongodsdienstig:a
ongodsdienstigste	ongodsdienstig:a
franskiljons	franskiljon:n
franskiljonnetje	franskiljon:n
leeuwenvlaggen	leeuwenvlag:n
leeuwenvlaggetje	leeuwenvlag:n
excuusnegers	excuusneger:n
excuusnegertje	excuusneger:n
dobbernegers	dobberneger:n
dobbernegertje	dobberneger:n
Vlaams-nationalisten	Vlaams-nationalist:n
Vlaams-nationalistje	Vlaams-nationalist:n
tranentrekkers	tranentrekker:n
lekenprekers	lekenpreker:n
ovenpalen	ovenpaal:n
broodschieters	broodschieter:n
erfvorsten	erfvorst:n
stembureaus	stembureau:n
stemlokalen	stemlokaal:n
belgicisten	belgicist:n
pijpbommen	pijpbom:n
pijpbommetje	pijpbom:n
zeecontainers	zeecontainer:n
containerhavens	containerhaven:n
containerschepen	containerschip:n
voorlijker	voorlijk:a
voorlijkst	voorlijk:a
gitaarsolo's	gitaarsolo:n
gitaarsolootje	gitaarsolo:n
oplijst	oplijsten:v
oplijstte	oplijsten:v
oplijstten	oplijsten:v
oplijstend	oplijsten:v
opgelijst	oplijsten:v
stemmiger	stemmig:a
stemmigst	stemmig:a
stemmige	stemmig:a
stemmigere	stemmig:a
stemmigste	stemmig:a
ijzerenwegen	ijzerenweg:n
burgerkruisen	burgerkruis:n
ijzerbanen	ijzerbaan:n
machien	machine:n
pakkingen	pakking:n
duizendkunstenaars	duizendkunstenaar:n
homoparen	homopaar:n
homopaartje	homopaar:n
homokoppels	homokoppel:n
bloedproppen	bloedprop:n
bloedpropje	bloedprop:n
panislamisten	panislamist:n
kinkhoorns	kinkhoorn:n
kinkhoornen	kinkhoorn:n
teststraten	teststraat:n
mantelschelpen	mantelschelp:n
Drenth	Drent:n
jachtschepen	jachtschip:n
jachtscheepje	jachtschip:n
speeljachten	speeljacht:n
speeljachtje	speeljacht:n
zeiljachten	zeiljacht:n
zeiljachtje	zeiljacht:n
beeldbanken	beeldbank:n
straatbeelden	straatbeeld:n
mantelbavianen	mantelbaviaan:n
mantelbaviaantje	mantelbaviaan:n
mantelapen	mantelaap:n
arminianen	arminiaan:n
arminiaanse	arminiaans:a
cognitiewetenschappen	cognitiewetenschap:n
cognities	cognitie:n
broodpoten	broodpoot:n
broodpootje	broodpoot:n
remonstranties	remonstrantie:n
remonstrantiën	remonstrantie:n
lulijzers	lulijzer:n
lulijzertje	lulijzer:n
gomaristen	gomarist:n
normalisaties	normalisatie:n
gomaristische	gomaristisch:a
sapfische	sapfisch:a
straattegels	straattegel:n
straattegeltje	straattegel:n
fruitiger	fruitig:a
fruitigst	fruitig:a
fruitige	fruitig:a
fruitigere	fruitig:a
fruitigste	fruitig:a
contraremonstranties	contraremonstrantie:n
contraremonstrantieën	contraremonstrantie:n
afschaal	afschalen:v
afschaalde	afschalen:v
afschaalt	afschalen:v
afschaalden	afschalen:v
afschalend	afschalen:v
afgeschaald	afschalen:v
straattalen	straattaal:n
straattaaltje	straattaal:n
mensminnender	mensminnend:a
mensminnendst	mensminnend:a
onbeslister	onbeslist:a
onbeslistst	onbeslist:a
onbesliste	onbeslist:a
onbeslistere	onbeslist:a
onbeslistste	onbeslist:a
coelte	koelte:n
mensenminnend	mensminnend:a
stercarrières	stercarrière:n
Kanaäns	Kanaän:m
uitzinniger	uitzinnig:a
uitzinnigst	uitzinnig:a
uitzinnige	uitzinnig:a
uitzinnigere	uitzinnig:a
uitzinnigste	uitzinnig:a
hekgolven	hekgolf:n
boeggolven	boeggolf:n
heiligegeestmeesters	heiligegeestmeester:n
moppie	mop:n
refo's	refo:n
elektrocuteer	elektrocuteren:v
elektrocuteerde	elektrocuteren:v
elektrocuteert	elektrocuteren:v
elektrocuteerden	elektrocuteren:v
elektrocuterend	elektrocuteren:v
geëlektrocuteerd	elektrocuteren:v
elektrocuties	elektrocutie:n
briefstemmen	briefstem:n
poststemmen	poststem:n
antinomiaanse	antinomiaans:a
trombotische	trombotisch:a
posttrombotische	posttrombotisch:a
angiopathieën	angiopathie:n
wetsverzettingen	wetsverzetting:n
verzettingen	verzetting:n
staketsels	staketsel:n
staketseltje	staketsel:n
Kanaänieten	Kanaäniet:n
kolossaler	kolossaal:a
kolossaalst	kolossaal:a
kolossale	kolossaal:a
kolossalere	kolossaal:a
kolossaalste	kolossaal:a
Westfalers	Westfaler:n|Westfaler:a
Westfaalser	Westfaals:a
Westfaalst	Westfaals:a
Westfaalse	Westfaals:a
Westfaalsere	Westfaals:a
Westfaalste	Westfaals:a
ontcijferingen	ontcijfering:n
Oegaritische	Oegaritisch:a
structureer	structureren:v
structureerde	structureren:v
structureert	structureren:v
structureerden	structureren:v
structurerend	structureren:v
gestructureerd	structureren:v
Franstalige	Franstalig:a
wolfsklauwen	wolfsklauw:n
gemaakten	gemaakte:n
vuurlinies	vuurlinie:n
vuurvreters	vuurvreter:n
minotaurussen	minotaurus:n
minotauri	minotaurus:n
vuurschepen	vuurschip:n
vuurscheepje	vuurschip:n
engelbewaarders	engelbewaarder:n
vuurzuilen	vuurzuil:n
drijfnatte	drijfnat:a
jodenkoeken	jodenkoek:n
jodenkoekje	jodenkoek:n
radenbond	Radenbond:m
modelleer	modelleren:v
modelleerde	modelleren:v
modelleert	modelleren:v
modelleerden	modelleren:v
modellerend	modelleren:v
gemodelleerd	modelleren:v
ministerraden	ministerraad:n
heemraadschappen	heemraadschap:n
Lesbische	Lesbisch:a
bemantel	bemantelen:v
bemantelde	bemantelen:v
bemantelt	bemantelen:v
bemantelden	bemantelen:v
bemantelend	bemantelen:v
bemanteld	bemantelen:v
ommantel	ommantelen:v
ommantelde	ommantelen:v
ommantelt	ommantelen:v
ommantelden	ommantelen:v
ommantelend	ommantelen:v
ommanteld	ommantelen:v
jakobsmantels	jakobsmantel:n
jakobsladders	jakobsladder:n
jakobsladdertje	jakobsladder:n
mantelorganisaties	mantelorganisatie:n
damesmantels	damesmantel:n
damesmanteltje	damesmantel:n
herenmantels	herenmantel:n
koningsmantels	koningsmantel:n
hoogheemraden	hoogheemraad:n
bodemkundige	bodemkundig:a
bodemkundigen	bodemkundige:n
sproken	sproke:n
sprookje	sproke:n
juchten	jucht:n
echtbreuken	echtbreuk:n
ecologistische	ecologistisch:a
ecologischer	ecologisch:a
ecologische	ecologisch:a
ecologischere	ecologisch:a
ecologischte	ecologisch:a
echoscopieën	echoscopie:n
edelmoediger	edelmoedig:a
edelmoedigst	edelmoedig:a
edelmoedige	edelmoedig:a
edelmoedigere	edelmoedig:a
edelmoedigste	edelmoedig:a
ecotoeristische	ecotoeristisch:a
bittertjes	bittertje:n
cultuurstrijders	cultuurstrijder:n
cultuurstrijden	cultuurstrijd:n
kartbanen	kartbaan:n
kartbaantje	kartbaan:n
bougainvilles	bougainville:n
hartkloppingen	hartklopping:n
hartkloppinkje	hartklopping:n
klaarsta	klaarstaan:v
klaarstond	klaarstaan:v
klaarstaat	klaarstaan:v
klaarstonden	klaarstaan:v
klaarstaand	klaarstaan:v
klaargestaan	klaarstaan:v
langetermijnsamenwerkingen	langetermijnsamenwerking:n
gynaecologische	gynaecologisch:a
vrouwenartsen	vrouwenarts:n
aanscherpingen	aanscherping:n
tropenartsen	tropenarts:n
verslechteringen	verslechtering:n
verpleeghuisartsen	verpleeghuisarts:n
zwijgplichten	zwijgplicht:n
cruciale	cruciaal:a
isoleercellen	isoleercel:n
isoleercelletje	isoleercel:n
onveranderde	onveranderd:a
elastieken	elastiek:n
elastiekje	elastiek:n
elastiek	elastisch:a
sjaarzen	sjaars:n
sjaarsje	sjaars:n
tropenhelmen	tropenhelm:n
tropenhelmpje	tropenhelm:n
kruiraderen	kruirad:n
kruiwielen	kruiwiel:n
unicamerale	unicameraal:a
monocamerale	monocameraal:a
handappels	handappel:n
handappelen	handappel:n
handappeltje	handappel:n
eerstejaarsstudenten	eerstejaarsstudent:n
eerbetoningen	eerbetoning:n
efemere	efemeer:a
liberaliseer	liberaliseren:v
liberaliseerde	liberaliseren:v
liberaliseert	liberaliseren:v
liberaliseerden	liberaliseren:v
liberaliserend	liberaliseren:v
geliberaliseerd	liberaliseren:v
liberaliseringen	liberalisering:n
afdankers	afdanker:n
afdankertje	afdanker:n
millenniumbugs	millenniumbug:n
offeranden	offerande:n
offerandes	offerande:n
toezichthouders	toezichthouder:n
schilderessen	schilderes:n
schilderesje	schilderes:n
aoristische	aoristisch:a
erastiaanse	erastiaans:a
erastianen	erastiaan:n
missionaire	missionair:a
halfbroeder	halfbroer:n
halfzussen	halfzus:n
halfzusje	halfzus:n
halfzuster	halfzus:n
pijngrenzen	pijngrens:n
broederlijker	broederlijk:a
broederlijkst	broederlijk:a
broederlijke	broederlijk:a
broederlijkere	broederlijk:a
broederlijkste	broederlijk:a
geestvervoeringen	geestvervoering:n
herkansers	herkanser:n
herkansertje	herkanser:n
eigenaressen	eigenares:n
eigenaresje	eigenares:n
oorlogshitsers	oorlogshitser:n
eikenbossen	eikenbos:n
eikenbosje	eikenbos:n
eikenwouden	eikenwoud:n
eigenruimten	eigenruimte:n
nulvectoren	nulvector:n
vectorruimten	vectorruimte:n
vectorruimtes	vectorruimte:n
gezichtseinders	gezichtseinder:n
gezichteinder	gezichtseinder:n
pirateneilanden	pirateneiland:n
wintereiken	wintereik:n
eikenbladeren	eikenblad:n
eikenblaadje	eikenblad:n
klaptafels	klaptafel:n
klaptafeltje	klaptafel:n
interlandwedstrijden	interlandwedstrijd:n
vasculaire	vasculair:a
granulomen	granuloom:n
granuloompje	granuloom:n
hematologen	hematoloog:n
beletseltekens	beletselteken:n
orwelliaanse	orwelliaans:a
electorale	electoraal:a
elitistische	elitistisch:a
elektro-encefalografische	elektro-encefalografisch:a
elandantilopen	elandantilope:n
reukepithelen	reukepitheel:n
epithelen	epitheel:n
bananenbroden	bananenbrood:n
bananenbroodje	bananenbrood:n
embryologische	embryologisch:a
embryologen	embryoloog:n
putemmers	putemmer:n
putemmertje	putemmer:n
embleemboeken	embleemboek:n
embleemboekje	embleemboek:n
Elzassers	Elzasser:n
Elzassertje	Elzasser:n
emigraties	emigratie:n
epicureeërs	epicureeër:n
epicureeën	epicureeër:n
epicuristen	epicurist:n
emblemenboek	embleemboek:n
stoïscher	stoïsch:a
stoïsche	stoïsch:a
stoïschere	stoïsch:a
enkelbanden	enkelband:n
enkelbandje	enkelband:n
rabbijnse	rabbijns:a
tuchthuisstraffen	tuchthuisstraf:n
paprikapoeders	paprikapoeder:n
wurgcontracten	wurgcontract:n
vliegkunsten	vliegkunst:n
gevelstenen	gevelsteen:n
gevelsteentje	gevelsteen:n
endothelen	endotheel:n
epicurischer	epicurisch:a
epicurische	epicurisch:a
epicurischere	epicurisch:a
epicuristischer	epicuristisch:a
epicuristische	epicuristisch:a
epicuristischere	epicuristisch:a
brui	bruien:v
bruide	bruien:v
bruit	bruien:v
bruiend	bruien:v
gebruid	bruien:v
waterlanden	waterland:n
waterlandje	waterland:n
ontkenningspartikels	ontkenningspartikel:n
ontkenningspartikelen	ontkenningspartikel:n
ontkenningspartikeltje	ontkenningspartikel:n
trapgevels	trapgevel:n
trapgeveltje	trapgevel:n
lijstgevels	lijstgevel:n
lijstgeveltje	lijstgevel:n
vestaalse	vestaals:a
Engelandvaarders	Engelandvaarder:n
Oost-Indiëvaarders	Oost-Indiëvaarder:n
West-Indiëvaarders	West-Indiëvaarder:n
enzymologische	enzymologisch:a
enzymologen	enzymoloog:n
epilogische	epilogisch:a
episcopaten	episcopaat:n
epistemologen	epistemoloog:n
epoques	epoque:n
episcopen	episcoop:n
equatoriale	equatoriaal:a
equatorialen	equatoriaal:n
equivalenties	equivalentie:n
erasmiaanse	erasmiaans:a
epenthetische	epenthetisch:a
puntdichten	puntdicht:n
puntdichtje	puntdicht:n
puntdichters	puntdichter:n
naredes	narede:n
slotredes	slotrede:n
epidiascopen	epidiascoop:n
epitheta	epitheton:n
epigonen	epigoon:n
epigoontje	epigoon:n
epileer	epileren:v
epileerde	epileren:v
epileert	epileren:v
epileerden	epileren:v
epilerend	epileren:v
geëpileerd	epileren:v
doopvonten	doopvont:n
doopvontje	doopvont:n
geboortekanalen	geboortekanaal:n
jachtvliegers	jachtvlieger:n
oorlogsvliegers	oorlogsvlieger:n
onverminderde	onverminderd:a
oorlogsvliegtuigen	oorlogsvliegtuig:n
oorlogsvliegtuigje	oorlogsvliegtuig:n
Eritrese	Eritrees:a
kuifmezen	kuifmees:n
kuifmeesje	kuifmees:n
persoonlijkheidsstoornissen	persoonlijkheidsstoornis:n
persoonlijkheidsstoornisje	persoonlijkheidsstoornis:n
dwergsterns	dwergstern:n
dwergsternen	dwergstern:n
dwergsterntje	dwergstern:n
kolganzen	kolgans:n
kolgansje	kolgans:n
zeezwaluwen	zeezwaluw:n
zeezwaluwtje	zeezwaluw:n
groenlingen	groenling:n
visdieven	visdief:n
visdiefje	visdief:n
kwikstaarten	kwikstaart:n
kwikstaartje	kwikstaart:n
wintertalingen	wintertaling:n
wintertalinkje	wintertaling:n
zomertalingen	zomertaling:n
zomertalinkje	zomertaling:n
smienten	smient:n
smientje	smient:n
huiszwaluwen	huiszwaluw:n
huiszwaluwtje	huiszwaluw:n
republikeinwevers	republikeinwever:n
slobeenden	slobeend:n
slobeendje	slobeend:n
bontbekplevieren	bontbekplevier:n
bontbekpleviers	bontbekplevier:n
bontbekpleviertje	bontbekplevier:n
bontbekpluvier	bontbekplevier:n
luisterrijker	luisterrijk:a
luisterrijkst	luisterrijk:a
luisterrijke	luisterrijk:a
luisterrijkere	luisterrijk:a
luisterrijkste	luisterrijk:a
glorierijker	glorierijk:a
glorierijkst	glorierijk:a
glorierijke	glorierijk:a
glorierijkere	glorierijk:a
glorierijkste	glorierijk:a
persoonsdaggen	persoonsdag:n
staartmezen	staartmees:n
staartmeesje	staartmees:n
juveniele	juveniel:a
juvenielen	juveniel:n
juvenieltje	juveniel:n
roodborsttapuiten	roodborsttapuit:n
roodborsttapuitje	roodborsttapuit:n
laplanduilen	laplanduil:n
holenduiven	holenduif:n
holenduifje	holenduif:n
houtduiven	houtduif:n
houtduifje	houtduif:n
stadsduiven	stadsduif:n
stadsduifje	stadsduif:n
zwartkoppen	zwartkop:n
zwartkopje	zwartkop:n
zanglijsters	zanglijster:n
zanglijstertje	zanglijster:n
wulpen	wulp:n
wulpje	wulp:n
brandganzen	brandgans:n
brandgansje	brandgans:n
sperweruilen	sperweruil:n
lagelonenlanden	lagelonenland:n
bokszakken	bokszak:n
honingraten	honingraat:n
honingraatje	honingraat:n
zomertortels	zomertortel:n
zomertorteltje	zomertortel:n
equinoctia	equinoctium:n
equinoctiale	equinoctiaal:a
equinoxiale	equinoxiaal:a
patroonheiligen	patroonheilige:n
struikelstenen	struikelsteen:n
struikelsteentje	struikelsteen:n
misstappen	misstap:n
misstapje	misstap:n
rotsmussen	rotsmus:n
Edomieten	Edomiet:n
slagpennen	slagpen:n
slagpennetje	slagpen:n
staartpennen	staartpen:n
staartpennetje	staartpen:n
contourveren	contourveer:n
donsveren	donsveer:n
donsveertje	donsveer:n
dekveren	dekveer:n
dekveertje	dekveer:n
invasiegasten	invasiegast:n
tuinfluiters	tuinfluiter:n
tuinfluitertje	tuinfluiter:n
wielewalen	wielewaal:n
wielewaaltje	wielewaal:n
struikelblokken	struikelblok:n
struikelblokje	struikelblok:n
hersenatrofieën	hersenatrofie:n
schapenkoppen	schapenkop:n
schapenkopje	schapenkop:n
Dordtenaren	Dordtenaar:n
Dordtenaartje	Dordtenaar:n
epoxyharsen	epoxyhars:n
Utregt	Utrecht:m
Utreg	Utrecht:m
epineuze	epineus:a
erosies	erosie:n
institutioneler	institutioneel:a
institutioneelst	institutioneel:a
institutionele	institutioneel:a
institutionelere	institutioneel:a
institutioneelste	institutioneel:a
instituties	institutie:n
erogene	erogeen:a
Eritreeërs	Eritreeër:n
erupteer	erupteren:v
erupteerde	erupteren:v
erupteert	erupteren:v
erupteerden	erupteren:v
erupterend	erupteren:v
geërupteerd	erupteren:v
eruptieve	eruptief:a
bijna-doodervaringen	bijna-doodervaring:n
goudertsen	gouderts:n
Aleoetische	Aleoetisch:a
esperantistische	esperantistisch:a
essenties	essentie:n
wijnproeverijen	wijnproeverij:n
wijnproeverijtje	wijnproeverij:n
jankeballen	jankebal:n
fascineer	fascineren:v
fascineerde	fascineren:v
fascineert	fascineren:v
fascineerden	fascineren:v
fascinerend	fascineren:v
gefascineerd	fascineren:v
landstreken	landstreek:n
landstreekje	landstreek:n
hoogvlakten	hoogvlakte:n
hoogvlaktes	hoogvlakte:n
rotstekeningen	rotstekening:n
ingebrekestellingen	ingebrekestelling:n
verkwansel	verkwanselen:v
verkwanselde	verkwanselen:v
verkwanselt	verkwanselen:v
verkwanselden	verkwanselen:v
verkwanselend	verkwanselen:v
verkwanseld	verkwanselen:v
stierhaaien	stierhaai:n
stierhaaitje	stierhaai:n
ophangingen	ophanging:n
fnuik	fnuiken:v
fnuikte	fnuiken:v
fnuikt	fnuiken:v
fnuikten	fnuiken:v
fnuikend	fnuiken:v
gefnuikt	fnuiken:v
suggestieve	suggestief:a
suggestiefst	suggestief:a
suggestiever	suggestief:a
suggestievere	suggestief:a
suggestiefste	suggestief:a
gediplomeerd	diplomeren:v
gediplomeerde	gediplomeerd:a
klei	kleien:v
kleide	kleien:v
kleit	kleien:v
kleiden	kleien:v
kleiend	kleien:v
gekleid	kleien:v
vóórkomen	voorkomen:v
voorkómen	voorkomen:v
coscorobazwanen	coscorobazwaan:n
coscorobazwaantje	coscorobazwaan:n
trompetbomen	trompetboom:n
trompetboompje	trompetboom:n
dwaalleren	dwaalleer:n
pijlgifkikkers	pijlgifkikker:n
pijlgifkikkertje	pijlgifkikker:n
proverba	proverbum:n
Jodenvervolgingen	Jodenvervolging:n
jodenvervolgingen	jodenvervolging:n
inentingscampagnes	inentingscampagne:n
kersteningen	kerstening:n
gruw	gruwen:v
gruwde	gruwen:v
gruwt	gruwen:v
gruwden	gruwen:v
gruwend	gruwen:v
gegruwd	gruwen:v
deontologen	deontoloog:n
comparatieve	comparatief:a
comparatieven	comparatief:n
voordringers	voordringer:n
etnologen	etnoloog:n
boskikkers	boskikker:n
boskikkertje	boskikker:n
etniciteiten	etniciteit:n
Etrurische	Etrurisch:a
etterde	etteren:v
ettert	etteren:v
etterden	etteren:v
etterend	etteren:v
geëtterd	etteren:v
etterbakken	etterbak:n
etterbakje	etterbak:n
eufemistischer	eufemistisch:a
eufemistische	eufemistisch:a
eufemistischere	eufemistisch:a
Euraziatische	Euraziatisch:a
roestbakken	roestbak:n
roestbakje	roestbak:n
olifantenstieren	olifantenstier:n
olifantenstiertje	olifantenstier:n
stofbrillen	stofbril:n
stofbrilletje	stofbril:n
zwembrillen	zwembril:n
zwembrilletje	zwembril:n
platformspellen	platformspel:n
platformspelletje	platformspel:n
spoorwegstations	spoorwegstation:n
spoorwegstationnetje	spoorwegstation:n
zegelbewaarders	zegelbewaarder:n
Marsverkenners	Marsverkenner:n
Marsverkennertje	Marsverkenner:n
staatsbladen	staatsblad:n
nachtwinkels	nachtwinkel:n
nachtwinkeltje	nachtwinkel:n
kermiskoersen	kermiskoers:n
kermiskoersje	kermiskoers:n
kermiskoerske	kermiskoers:n
boeienkoningen	boeienkoning:n
steekwonde	steekwond:n
steekwonden	steekwond:n
steekwondje	steekwond:n
hardleerser	hardleers:a
hardleerst	hardleers:a
hardleerse	hardleers:a
hardleersere	hardleers:a
hardleerste	hardleers:a
doodsteken	doodsteek:n
presbyterianen	presbyteriaan:n
presbyteriaanse	presbyteriaans:a
wondermiddelen	wondermiddel:n
wondermiddeltje	wondermiddel:n
melkmachines	melkmachine:n
melkmachientje	melkmachine:n
troostelozer	troosteloos:a
troosteloost	troosteloos:a
troosteloze	troosteloos:a
troostelozere	troosteloos:a
troostelooste	troosteloos:a
skibrillen	skibril:n
skibrilletje	skibril:n
pluimstaarten	pluimstaart:n
pluimstaartje	pluimstaart:n
zondagsrijders	zondagsrijder:n
homogenezingen	homogenezing:n
tuinklauwen	tuinklauw:n
tuinklauwtje	tuinklauw:n
berenklauwen	berenklauw:n
berenklauwtje	berenklauw:n
vierpotige	vierpotig:a
kromtalen	kromtaal:n
kromtaaltje	kromtaal:n
vaktalen	vaktaal:n
vaktaaltje	vaktaal:n
contactkoren	contactkoor:n
erezaken	erezaak:n
erezaakje	erezaak:n
strafprocessen	strafproces:n
strafprocesje	strafproces:n
validers	valide:a
halszaken	halszaak:n
halszaakje	halszaak:n
landroofdieren	landroofdier:n
landroofdiertje	landroofdier:n
strafrechters	strafrechter:n
wasborden	wasbord:n
wasbordje	wasbord:n
visoliën	visolie:n
visolietje	visolie:n
viervoudige	viervoudig:a
brandgevaren	brandgevaar:n
soepborden	soepbord:n
soepbordje	soepbord:n
duivels-doet-al	duivel-doet-al:n
slavenhouders	slavenhouder:n
slavenhoudertje	slavenhouder:n
druifluizen	druifluis:n
druifluisje	druifluis:n
bijlessen	bijles:n
bijlesje	bijles:n
stiefmoederlijker	stiefmoederlijk:a
stiefmoederlijkst	stiefmoederlijk:a
stiefmoederlijke	stiefmoederlijk:a
stiefmoederlijkere	stiefmoederlijk:a
stiefmoederlijkste	stiefmoederlijk:a
hardlopers	hardloper:n
hardlopertje	hardloper:n
brokkenpiloten	brokkenpiloot:n
kapelmeesters	kapelmeester:n
kapelmeestertje	kapelmeester:n
paradijselijker	paradijselijk:a
paradijselijkst	paradijselijk:a
paradijselijke	paradijselijk:a
paradijselijkere	paradijselijk:a
paradijselijkste	paradijselijk:a
virusdeeltjes	virusdeeltje:n
etnarchen	etnarch:n
trouwdagen	trouwdag:n
trouwdagje	trouwdag:n
schrikachtiger	schrikachtig:a
schrikachtigst	schrikachtig:a
schrikachtige	schrikachtig:a
schrikachtigere	schrikachtig:a
schrikachtigste	schrikachtig:a
dienstencheques	dienstencheque:n
balzakken	balzak:n
balzakje	balzak:n
onderzoeksdaden	onderzoeksdaad:n
trappistenbieren	trappistenbier:n
trappistenbiertje	trappistenbier:n
lookworsten	lookworst:n
lookworstje	lookworst:n
welgezinder	welgezind:a
welgezindst	welgezind:a
welgezinde	welgezind:a
welgezindere	welgezind:a
welgezindste	welgezind:a
Judeeërs	Judeeër:n
Judese	Judees:a
trappisten	trappist:n
flater	flateren:v
flaterde	flateren:v
flatert	flateren:v
flaterden	flateren:v
flaterend	flateren:v
geflaterd	flateren:v
afzetlinten	afzetlint:n
politielinten	politielint:n
Samaritanen	Samaritaan:n
oorlogsschulden	oorlogsschuld:n
ereschulden	ereschuld:n
lintjesregens	lintjesregen:n
vegetatieve	vegetatief:a
tegenpolen	tegenpool:n
kostprijzen	kostprijs:n
kladversies	kladversie:n
trekharmonica's	trekharmonica:n
eurofobe	eurofoob:a
eurofoben	eurofoob:n
volksnamen	volksnaam:n
staatloze	staatloos:a
euveldaden	euveldaad:n
eurofederalisten	eurofederalist:n
bronvermeldingen	bronvermelding:n
euthanasieverklaringen	euthanasieverklaring:n
evangeliseer	evangeliseren:v
evangeliseerde	evangeliseren:v
evangeliseert	evangeliseren:v
evangeliseerden	evangeliseren:v
evangeliserend	evangeliseren:v
geëvangeliseerd	evangeliseren:v
louwmaanden	louwmaand:n
sprokkelmaanden	sprokkelmaand:n
verstandshuwelijken	verstandshuwelijk:n
melkapparaten	melkapparaat:n
melkapparaatje	melkapparaat:n
domheren	domheer:n
domheertje	domheer:n
rozenbladeren	rozenblad:n
rozenblaadje	rozenblad:n
leliehaan	leliehaantje:n
strafzaken	strafzaak:n
strafzaakje	strafzaak:n
stuifmeelkorven	stuifmeelkorf:n
stuifmeelkorfje	stuifmeelkorf:n
borstimplantaten	borstimplantaat:n
robotwagens	robotwagen:n
robotwagentje	robotwagen:n
robotkarren	robotkar:n
robotkarretje	robotkar:n
grasmaanden	grasmaand:n
bloeimaanden	bloeimaand:n
hooimaanden	hooimaand:n
oogstmaanden	oogstmaand:n
wijnmaanden	wijnmaand:n
slachtmaanden	slachtmaand:n
ex-vriendinnen	ex-vriendin:n
ex-vriendinnetje	ex-vriendin:n
ex-vrienden	ex-vriend:n
ex-vriendje	ex-vriend:n
disrespectvoller	disrespectvol:a
disrespectvolst	disrespectvol:a
disrespectvolle	disrespectvol:a
disrespectvollere	disrespectvol:a
disrespectvolste	disrespectvol:a
brontalen	brontaal:n
doeltalen	doeltaal:n
rijexamens	rijexamen:n
leliehaantjes	leliehaantje:n
gesprekstof	gespreksstof:n
hoofdbrekers	hoofdbreker:n
hoofdbrekertje	hoofdbreker:n
visvorken	visvork:n
visvorkje	visvork:n
wijnrekken	wijnrek:n
wijnrekje	wijnrek:n
rentevoeten	rentevoet:n
voetenbanken	voetenbank:n
voetenbankje	voetenbank:n
vakantieadressen	vakantieadres:n
vakantieadresje	vakantieadres:n
evolutiebiologen	evolutiebioloog:n
schoolexamens	schoolexamen:n
excellenties	excellentie:n
vermogensaanwasbelastingen	vermogensaanwasbelasting:n
examenuitslagen	examenuitslag:n
examenuitslagje	examenuitslag:n
studiemeesters	studiemeester:n
studiemeestertje	studiemeester:n
bankdirecteuren	bankdirecteur:n
bankdirecteurs	bankdirecteur:n
bankdirecteurtje	bankdirecteur:n
taalvakken	taalvak:n
taalvakje	taalvak:n
schooldirecteuren	schooldirecteur:n
schooldirecteurs	schooldirecteur:n
schooldirecteurtje	schooldirecteur:n
bedrijfstakken	bedrijfstak:n
bedrijfstakje	bedrijfstak:n
koorzangers	koorzanger:n
koorzangertje	koorzanger:n
springtouwen	springtouw:n
springtouwtje	springtouw:n
charge	chargen:v
chargede	chargen:v
charget	chargen:v
chargeden	chargen:v
chargend	chargen:v
gecharged	chargen:v
beursbengels	beursbengel:n
beursmakelaars	beursmakelaar:n
beursagenten	beursagent:n
zeeroofdieren	zeeroofdier:n
verzekeringsmakelaars	verzekeringsmakelaar:n
rouwprocessen	rouwproces:n
executieverkopen	executieverkoop:n
kweekprogramma's	kweekprogramma:n
exercities	exercitie:n
nonnentetten	nonnentet:n
jodelaars	jodelaar:n
plottwists	plottwist:n
plotwendingen	plotwending:n
kroesharen	kroeshaar:n
kroeshaartje	kroeshaar:n
ontembaarder	ontembaar:a
ontembaarst	ontembaar:a
ontembaare	ontembaar:a
ontembaardere	ontembaar:a
ontembaarste	ontembaar:a
bloedgevers	bloedgever:n
dagploegen	dagploeg:n
klaars	klaar:a
ploegstaarten	ploegstaart:n
klaarders	klaar:a
staartveren	staartveer:n
staartveertje	staartveer:n
vlinderslagen	vlinderslag:n
basya's	basya:n
titanengevechten	titanengevecht:n
padvinders	padvinder:n
padvindertje	padvinder:n
padvindsters	padvindster:n
padvindstertje	padvindster:n
schuimzoenen	schuimzoen:n
schuimzoentje	schuimzoen:n
chocozoenen	chocozoen:n
chocozoentje	chocozoen:n
exorciseer	exorciseren:v
exorciseerde	exorciseren:v
exorciseert	exorciseren:v
exorciseerden	exorciseren:v
exorciserend	exorciseren:v
geëxorciseerd	exorciseren:v
zeebriezen	zeebries:n
zeebriesje	zeebries:n
koorzangeressen	koorzangeres:n
windbuilen	windbuil:n
windbuiltje	windbuil:n
verspringers	verspringer:n
slavenhalers	slavenhaler:n
paradijskostuums	paradijskostuum:n
verkore	verkiezen:v
verkoort	verkiezen:v
ritmeesters	ritmeester:n
slavenforten	slavenfort:n
wapenrokken	wapenrok:n
wapenrokje	wapenrok:n
algoede	algoed:a
goedgemutste	goedgemutst:a
goedzakken	goedzak:n
goedzakje	goedzak:n
melocakes	melocake:n
mellowcakes	mellowcake:n
wapendepots	wapendepot:n
wapenmagazijnen	wapenmagazijn:n
wapenbroeders	wapenbroeder:n
wapenhandelaren	wapenhandelaar:n
wapenhandelaars	wapenhandelaar:n
wapenindustrieën	wapenindustrie:n
wapenstukken	wapenstuk:n
werpwapens	werpwapen:n
belegeringswapens	belegeringswapen:n
handwapens	handwapen:n
slotenmakers	slotenmaker:n
slotenmakertje	slotenmaker:n
steekwapens	steekwapen:n
geselkatten	geselkat:n
stroppenpotten	stroppenpot:n
stroppenpotje	stroppenpot:n
dekbokken	dekbok:n
wapenknechten	wapenknecht:n
viervorsten	viervorst:n
halsheren	halsheer:n
heerbaan	heirbaan:n
défaitistisch	defaitistisch:a
gijzelnemers	gijzelnemer:n
galwespen	galwesp:n
galwespje	galwesp:n
wapenkoningen	wapenkoning:n
wapenkoninkje	wapenkoning:n
haarlijnen	haarlijn:n
haarlijntje	haarlijn:n
minderheidspartijen	minderheidspartij:n
jachtsloten	jachtslot:n
jachtslotje	jachtslot:n
partijtrouwe	partijtrouw:a
geluidlozer	geluidloos:a
geluidloost	geluidloos:a
geluidloze	geluidloos:a
geluidlozere	geluidloos:a
geluidlooste	geluidloos:a
kankerverwekkender	kankerverwekkend:a
kankerverwekkendst	kankerverwekkend:a
kankerverwekkende	kankerverwekkend:a
kankerverwekkendere	kankerverwekkend:a
kankerverwekkendste	kankerverwekkend:a
kruif	kruiven:v
kruifde	kruiven:v
kruift	kruiven:v
kruifden	kruiven:v
kruivend	kruiven:v
gekruifd	kruiven:v
folteraars	folteraar:n
etappewedstrijden	etappewedstrijd:n
beroepsdiplomaten	beroepsdiplomaat:n
landbriezen	landbries:n
landbriesje	landbries:n
drinkfonteinen	drinkfontein:n
drinkfonteintje	drinkfontein:n
geselpalen	geselpaal:n
geselpaaltje	geselpaal:n
trompetvogels	trompetvogel:n
trompetvogeltje	trompetvogel:n
stateloos	staatloos:a
abdijbieren	abdijbier:n
abdijbiertje	abdijbier:n
droombeelden	droombeeld:n
droombeeldje	droombeeld:n
tachtigjarige	tachtigjarig:a
ontwapeningen	ontwapening:n
bankkaarten	bankkaart:n
bankkaartje	bankkaart:n
onbemiddelde	onbemiddeld:a
betaalkaarten	betaalkaart:n
betaalkaartje	betaalkaart:n
diepzeeën	diepzee:n
vuilniskarren	vuilniskar:n
vuilniskarretje	vuilniskar:n
klimrozen	klimroos:n
klimroosje	klimroos:n
stamrozen	stamroos:n
stamroosje	stamroos:n
huismerken	huismerk:n
huismerkje	huismerk:n
koeherders	koeherder:n
koeherdertje	koeherder:n
fantoompijnen	fantoompijn:n
fantoompijntje	fantoompijn:n
duivenmelkers	duivenmelker:n
duivenmelkertje	duivenmelker:n
oogstseizoenen	oogstseizoen:n
kwartfinales	kwartfinale:n
kaasburgers	kaasburger:n
oliebronnen	oliebron:n
oliebronnetje	oliebron:n
vuilniswagens	vuilniswagen:n
vuilniswagentje	vuilniswagen:n
felgekleurde	felgekleurd:a
wandeltempo's	wandeltempo:n
wandeltempootje	wandeltempo:n
meesterproeven	meesterproef:n
ijlboden	ijlbode:n
ijlbodes	ijlbode:n
ijlbodetje	ijlbode:n
godenwerelden	godenwereld:n
godenbergen	godenberg:n
coronavaccins	coronavaccin:n
drukpunten	drukpunt:n
hoogseizoenen	hoogseizoen:n
laagseizoenen	laagseizoen:n
soepkommen	soepkom:n
soepkommetje	soepkom:n
soepgroenten	soepgroente:n
zenuwcentra	zenuwcentrum:n
proefwerken	proefwerk:n
proefwerkje	proefwerk:n
seizoensproducten	seizoensproduct:n
soepterrines	soepterrine:n
soepterrinetje	soepterrine:n
centrumpartijen	centrumpartij:n
centrumpartijtje	centrumpartij:n
olielekken	olielek:n
olielekje	olielek:n
oliecrises	oliecrisis:n
olie-industrieën	olie-industrie:n
oliebollenkramen	oliebollenkraam:n
oliebollenkraampje	oliebollenkraam:n
oliepijpleidingen	oliepijpleiding:n
zeekaarten	zeekaart:n
zeekaartje	zeekaart:n
zeegevechten	zeegevecht:n
zeevliegtuigen	zeevliegtuig:n
zeeplanten	zeeplant:n
zeeplantje	zeeplant:n
zeegoden	zeegod:n
zeegodje	zeegod:n
zeedraken	zeedraak:n
zeedraakje	zeedraak:n
zeepokken	zeepok:n
zeepokje	zeepok:n
middenpartijen	middenpartij:n
bestuurscentra	bestuurscentrum:n
sportcentra	sportcentrum:n
meiskens	meisken:n
parochiekerken	parochiekerk:n
parochiekerkje	parochiekerk:n
parochiekapellen	parochiekapel:n
parochiescholen	parochieschool:n
parochieschooltje	parochieschool:n
parochieboeken	parochieboek:n
parochieboekje	parochieboek:n
zeeverkenners	zeeverkenner:n
zeeverkennertje	zeeverkenner:n
zeekrijgen	zeekrijg:n
zeestraten	zeestraat:n
Nigerezen	Nigerees:n
Nigerese	Nigerees:a
pinpassen	pinpas:n
pinpasje	pinpas:n
zeeverbindingen	zeeverbinding:n
windturbines	windturbine:n
windturbinetje	windturbine:n
machtsgeile	machtsgeil:a
profvoetballers	profvoetballer:n
profvoetbalsters	profvoetbalster:n
mediademocratieën	mediademocratie:n
diepvriesbaby's	diepvriesbaby:n
condoleanceregisters	condoleanceregister:n
jabroers	jabroer:n
vrederijken	vrederijk:n
vrederijker	vrederijk:a
vrederijkst	vrederijk:a
vrederijke	vrederijk:a
vrederijkere	vrederijk:a
vrederijkste	vrederijk:a
hofdienaren	hofdienaar:n
hofdienaars	hofdienaar:n
zeekleien	zeeklei:n
rivierkleien	rivierklei:n
keerweren	keerweer:n
kenspreuken	kenspreuk:n
ereburgers	ereburger:n
zielsverwanten	zielsverwant:n
zielsverwante	zielsverwant:a
keesten	keest:n
keestje	keest:n
exhalaties	exhalatie:n
kernoorlogen	kernoorlog:n
atoomoorlogen	atoomoorlog:n
onafhankelijkheidsoorlogen	onafhankelijkheidsoorlog:n
oorlogspaden	oorlogspad:n
oorlogstijden	oorlogstijd:n
oorlogsgoden	oorlogsgod:n
onderzeebootoorlogen	onderzeebootoorlog:n
duikbootoorlogen	duikbootoorlog:n
raskatten	raskat:n
raskatje	raskat:n
jeugdvrienden	jeugdvriend:n
jeugdvriendje	jeugdvriend:n
oorlogsslachtoffers	oorlogsslachtoffer:n
oorlogsslachtoffertje	oorlogsslachtoffer:n
jeugdzonden	jeugdzonde:n
jeugdzondes	jeugdzonde:n
jeugdzondetje	jeugdzonde:n
lentedagen	lentedag:n
lentedagje	lentedag:n
onderzoeksrechters	onderzoeksrechter:n
onderzoeksrechtertje	onderzoeksrechter:n
vijlvissen	vijlvis:n
zomerdagen	zomerdag:n
zomerdagje	zomerdag:n
strafregisters	strafregister:n
strafregistertje	strafregister:n
herfstdagen	herfstdag:n
herfstdagje	herfstdag:n
keersluizen	keersluis:n
keersluisje	keersluis:n
keerkringslanden	keerkringsland:n
keerdammen	keerdam:n
keerdammetje	keerdam:n
keerlussen	keerlus:n
keerzijden	keerzijde:n
keerzijdes	keerzijde:n
profaner	profaan:a
profaanst	profaan:a
profane	profaan:a
profanere	profaan:a
profaanste	profaan:a
regenboogvlaggen	regenboogvlag:n
jeugdvriendinnen	jeugdvriendin:n
jeugdvriendinnetje	jeugdvriendin:n
staatlozen	staatloze:n
lintvissen	lintvis:n
dienstgeweren	dienstgeweer:n
kebons	kebon:n
chocolademunten	chocolademunt:n
chocolademuntje	chocolademunt:n
kerstexamens	kerstexamen:n
baljuwschappen	baljuwschap:n
baljuwschapje	baljuwschap:n
standpenningen	standpenning:n
laatstejaarsstudenten	laatstejaarsstudent:n
goudstandaarden	goudstandaard:n
zilverstandaarden	zilverstandaard:n
keelaandoeningen	keelaandoening:n
keelartsen	keelarts:n
keelamandelen	keelamandel:n
kazakkendraaiers	kazakkendraaier:n
lijfstraffelijke	lijfstraffelijk:a
ladderwagens	ladderwagen:n
ladderwagentje	ladderwagen:n
nadruktekens	nadrukteken:n
nadruktekentje	nadrukteken:n
verbrekingen	verbreking:n
nondedju	nondeju:i
lidgelden	lidgeld:n
contributies	contributie:n
legermieren	legermier:n
dekknechten	dekknecht:n
dekknechtje	dekknecht:n
vuurmieren	vuurmier:n
vuurmiertje	vuurmier:n
incalelies	incalelie:n
theeplanten	theeplant:n
theeplantje	theeplant:n
vliesridder	Vliesridder:n
prefecturen	prefectuur:n
prefectuurtje	prefectuur:n
markgraafschappen	markgraafschap:n
markgraafschapje	markgraafschap:n
roofholen	roofhol:n
roofholletje	roofhol:n
notenbalken	notenbalk:n
notenbalkje	notenbalk:n
dakbalken	dakbalk:n
dakbalkje	dakbalk:n
roofovervallen	roofoverval:n
roofovervalletje	roofoverval:n
meestergasten	meestergast:n
meestergastje	meestergast:n
arendsnesten	arendsnest:n
riddersporen	ridderspoor:n
ridderspoortje	ridderspoor:n
sponsbaden	sponsbad:n
sponsbadje	sponsbad:n
baaldagen	baaldag:n
baaldagje	baaldag:n
getuigschriften	getuigschrift:n
getuigschriftje	getuigschrift:n
vuilniszakken	vuilniszak:n
vuilniszakje	vuilniszak:n
zedenleren	zedenleer:n
muziekwetenschappen	muziekwetenschap:n
beukennoten	beukennoot:n
beukennootje	beukennoot:n
lansiers	lansier:n
lansiertje	lansier:n
muzieksleutels	muzieksleutel:n
muzieksleuteltje	muzieksleutel:n
Vliesridders	Vliesridder:n
fasleutels	fasleutel:n
looksausen	looksaus:n
looksausje	looksaus:n
influister	influisteren:v
influisterde	influisteren:v
influistert	influisteren:v
influisterden	influisteren:v
influisterend	influisteren:v
ingefluisterd	influisteren:v
feesthoeden	feesthoed:n
feesthoedje	feesthoed:n
examenresultaten	examenresultaat:n
bloedgiften	bloedgift:n
struikrozen	struikroos:n
struikroosje	struikroos:n
reiskoffers	reiskoffer:n
reiskoffertje	reiskoffer:n
ploegmaten	ploegmaat:n
ploegmaatje	ploegmaat:n
bèta's	bèta:n
bètaatje	bèta:n
ijscrèmes	ijscrème:n
ijscrèmepje	ijscrème:n
bosgeesten	bosgeest:n
bosgeestje	bosgeest:n
hagelbuien	hagelbui:n
hagelbuitje	hagelbui:n
Neêrlandsch	Nederlands:a
stadsjongens	stadsjongen:n
stadsjongetje	stadsjongen:n
meesterlijker	meesterlijk:a
meesterlijkst	meesterlijk:a
meesterlijke	meesterlijk:a
meesterlijkere	meesterlijk:a
meesterlijkste	meesterlijk:a
voetbank	voetenbank:n
rentestandaarden	rentestandaard:n
zangkoren	zangkoor:n
nachtploegen	nachtploeg:n
winkelketens	winkelketen:n
winkelketentje	winkelketen:n
moerkonijnen	moerkonijn:n
moerkonijntje	moerkonijn:n
hazenlippen	hazenlip:n
hazenlipje	hazenlip:n
gildeproeven	gildeproef:n
gildeproefje	gildeproef:n
kofferruimtes	kofferruimte:n
kofferruimten	kofferruimte:n
kurassiers	kurassier:n
kurassiertje	kurassier:n
woudgeesten	woudgeest:n
kwelgeesten	kwelgeest:n
bloeddonaties	bloeddonatie:n
nachtvluchten	nachtvlucht:n
nachtvluchtje	nachtvlucht:n
huurkopen	huurkoop:n
dorsvlegels	dorsvlegel:n
dorsvlegeltje	dorsvlegel:n
jaarhonderden	jaarhonderd:n
muziekgroepen	muziekgroep:n
muziekgroepje	muziekgroep:n
muziekstukken	muziekstuk:n
muziekstukje	muziekstuk:n
muzieknoten	muzieknoot:n
muzieknootje	muzieknoot:n
volliger	vollig:a
volligst	vollig:a
vollige	vollig:a
volligere	vollig:a
volligste	vollig:a
bloemenzeeën	bloemenzee:n
bloemenzeetje	bloemenzee:n
taxshifts	taxshift:n
experimenteler	experimenteel:a
experimenteelst	experimenteel:a
experimentele	experimenteel:a
experimentelere	experimenteel:a
experimenteelste	experimenteel:a
implodeer	imploderen:v
implodeerde	imploderen:v
implodeert	imploderen:v
implodeerden	imploderen:v
imploderend	imploderen:v
geïmplodeerd	imploderen:v
implosies	implosie:n
exposities	expositie:n
extatische	extatisch:a
contra-expertises	contra-expertise:n
vakantieverblijven	vakantieverblijf:n
vakantieverblijfje	vakantieverblijf:n
staatsleningen	staatslening:n
vlindernetten	vlindernet:n
vlindernetje	vlindernet:n
winterdagen	winterdag:n
winterdagje	winterdag:n
slavorken	slavork:n
slavorkje	slavork:n
bankmanagers	bankmanager:n
turntoestellen	turntoestel:n
turntoestelletje	turntoestel:n
extrapoleer	extrapoleren:v
extrapoleerde	extrapoleren:v
extrapoleert	extrapoleren:v
extrapoleerden	extrapoleren:v
extrapolerend	extrapoleren:v
geëxtrapoleerd	extrapoleren:v
bedrijfssectoren	bedrijfssector:n
bedrijfssectortje	bedrijfssector:n
khanaten	khanaat:n
theebuiltjes	theebuiltje:n
goudschatten	goudschat:n
halsrechters	halsrechter:n
krultangen	krultang:n
krultangetje	krultang:n
geselkoorden	geselkoord:n
tachtigjarigen	tachtigjarige:n
meerderheidspartijen	meerderheidspartij:n
leergelden	leergeld:n
altaarknapen	altaarknaap:n
debetkaarten	debetkaart:n
foltertuigen	foltertuig:n
zoetekauwen	zoetekauw:n
zoetekauwtje	zoetekauw:n
voories	voorie:n
renbanen	renbaan:n
renbaantje	renbaan:n
meerderheidskabinetten	meerderheidskabinet:n
circusclowns	circusclown:n
plantenextracten	plantenextract:n
aftreksels	aftreksel:n
aftrekseltje	aftreksel:n
geselingen	geseling:n
slavenstaten	slavenstaat:n
effectenbeurzen	effectenbeurs:n
effectenbeursje	effectenbeurs:n
schoppenboeren	schoppenboer:n
schoppenboertje	schoppenboer:n
debetkolommen	debetkolom:n
proefritten	proefrit:n
proefritje	proefrit:n
onvermogende	onvermogend:a
ruitenboeren	ruitenboer:n
patroonfeesten	patroonfeest:n
patroonfeestje	patroonfeest:n
paradijsachtiger	paradijsachtig:a
paradijsachtigst	paradijsachtig:a
paradijsachtige	paradijsachtig:a
paradijsachtigere	paradijsachtig:a
paradijsachtigste	paradijsachtig:a
virusinfecties	virusinfectie:n
hartenboeren	hartenboer:n
hartenboertje	hartenboer:n
droomwerelden	droomwereld:n
droomwereldje	droomwereld:n
Bruynzeelwoningen	Bruynzeelwoning:n
Bruynzeelwoninkje	Bruynzeelwoning:n
zwemwaterren	zwemwater:n
zwemwatertje	zwemwater:n
wijnmakerijen	wijnmakerij:n
wijnmakerijtje	wijnmakerij:n
soeppotten	soeppot:n
soeppotje	soeppot:n
wandelpassen	wandelpas:n
wandelpasje	wandelpas:n
nachtburgemeesters	nachtburgemeester:n
danspassen	danspas:n
danspasje	danspas:n
werfleiders	werfleider:n
suikerbaronnen	suikerbaron:n
suikerbarons	suikerbaron:n
vredesduiven	vredesduif:n
vredesduifje	vredesduif:n
renboden	renbode:n
renbodes	renbode:n
schadeclaims	schadeclaim:n
drempelwaarden	drempelwaarde:n
drempelwaardes	drempelwaarde:n
dekgelden	dekgeld:n
vaccinweigeraars	vaccinweigeraar:n
nevenwerkingen	nevenwerking:n
carrièrediplomaten	carrièrediplomaat:n
stemplichten	stemplicht:n
subregenten	subregent:n
tolmuren	tolmuur:n
verzekerbare	verzekerbaar:a
trouwgetuigen	trouwgetuige:n
bangerds	bangerd:n
bangerdje	bangerd:n
fietsbanden	fietsband:n
fietsbandje	fietsband:n
balkspiraalstelsels	balkspiraalstelsel:n
virusvrije	virusvrij:a
getuigenbanken	getuigenbank:n
getuigenbankje	getuigenbank:n
bosmieren	bosmier:n
bosmiertje	bosmier:n
petroleumbronnen	petroleumbron:n
petroleumbronnetje	petroleumbron:n
telewerkers	telewerker:n
tijdrijders	tijdrijder:n
staalachtiger	staalachtig:a
staalachtigst	staalachtig:a
staalachtige	staalachtig:a
staalachtigere	staalachtig:a
staalachtigste	staalachtig:a
pruileriger	pruilerig:a
pruilerigst	pruilerig:a
pruilerige	pruilerig:a
pruilerigere	pruilerig:a
pruilerigste	pruilerig:a
graafwespen	graafwesp:n
graafwespje	graafwesp:n
folterpalen	folterpaal:n
keermuren	keermuur:n
keermuurtje	keermuur:n
prikklokken	prikklok:n
prikklokje	prikklok:n
uitbuiters	uitbuiter:n
uitbuitertje	uitbuiter:n
nettobetalers	nettobetaler:n
logeergasten	logeergast:n
logeergastje	logeergast:n
pruil	pruilen:v
pruilde	pruilen:v
pruilt	pruilen:v
pruilden	pruilen:v
pruilend	pruilen:v
gepruild	pruilen:v
ukkepukken	ukkepuk:n
ukkepukje	ukkepuk:n
handvollen	handvol:n
handjevol	handvol:n
handvolletje	handvol:n
wijnzakken	wijnzak:n
wijnzakje	wijnzak:n
handarbeiders	handarbeider:n
groothandelaren	groothandelaar:n
groothandelaars	groothandelaar:n
groothandelaartje	groothandelaar:n
lusthoven	lusthof:n
lusthofje	lusthof:n
zwaardlelies	zwaardlelie:n
zwaardleliën	zwaardlelie:n
praktijkexamens	praktijkexamen:n
schoolvrienden	schoolvriend:n
schoolvriendje	schoolvriend:n
stekelbaarzen	stekelbaars:n
stekelbaarsje	stekelbaars:n
paasexamens	paasexamen:n
schoolvriendinnen	schoolvriendin:n
schoolvriendinnetje	schoolvriendin:n
inschattingsfouten	inschattingsfout:n
inschattingsfoutje	inschattingsfout:n
oorlogsvluchtelingen	oorlogsvluchteling:n
oorlogsvluchtelingetje	oorlogsvluchteling:n
zilverruggen	zilverrug:n
gastenlijsten	gastenlijst:n
gastenlijstje	gastenlijst:n
verdedigingsoorlogen	verdedigingsoorlog:n
verdedigingsoorlogje	verdedigingsoorlog:n
klimaatvluchtelingen	klimaatvluchteling:n
zilverfolies	zilverfolie:n
zilverfolietje	zilverfolie:n
klimaatwetenschappen	klimaatwetenschap:n
zeeklimaten	zeeklimaat:n
strijkkwartetten	strijkkwartet:n
stadsmensen	stadsmens:n
stadsmensje	stadsmens:n
kwintetten	kwintet:n
zeeziekten	zeeziekte:n
zeeziektes	zeeziekte:n
klimaatneutrale	klimaatneutraal:a
wrm	waarom:d
kindskinderen	kindskind:n
kindskindje	kindskind:n
staatsobligaties	staatsobligatie:n
kuststaten	kuststaat:n
kuststaatje	kuststaat:n
godenvergaderingen	godenvergadering:n
vaderfiguren	vaderfiguur:n
vaderfiguurtje	vaderfiguur:n
schouwingen	schouwing:n
wetsdienaren	wetsdienaar:n
wetsdienaartje	wetsdienaar:n
toneelmatiger	toneelmatig:a
toneelmatigst	toneelmatig:a
toneelmatige	toneelmatig:a
toneelmatigere	toneelmatig:a
toneelmatigste	toneelmatig:a
krijgswetten	krijgswet:n
livreiknechten	livreiknecht:n
livreiknechtje	livreiknecht:n
zijderupsen	zijderups:n
zijderupsje	zijderups:n
tuinhibiscussen	tuinhibiscus:n
tuinhibiscusje	tuinhibiscus:n
lusttuinen	lusttuin:n
lusttuintje	lusttuin:n
kasteelromans	kasteelroman:n
kasteelromannetje	kasteelroman:n
kasteelheren	kasteelheer:n
kasteelheertje	kasteelheer:n
kopersmeden	kopersmid:n
regeerbare	regeerbaar:a
G-sleutel	g-sleutel:n
hemelsleutels	hemelsleutel:n
hemelsleuteltje	hemelsleutel:n
vlagofficieren	vlagofficier:n
piratenvlaggen	piratenvlag:n
piratenvlaggetje	piratenvlag:n
bouwverloven	bouwverlof:n
vakantiekampen	vakantiekamp:n
vakantiekampje	vakantiekamp:n
spokenjachten	spokenjacht:n
bordeelhouders	bordeelhouder:n
karwatsen	karwats:n
karwatsje	karwats:n
rekenkamers	rekenkamer:n
jeugdgevangenissen	jeugdgevangenis:n
verbeteringsgestichten	verbeteringsgesticht:n
tijgerbalsems	tijgerbalsem:n
meesterknechten	meesterknecht:n
meesterknechtje	meesterknecht:n
badkachels	badkachel:n
badkacheltje	badkachel:n
dakranden	dakrand:n
dakrandje	dakrand:n
chocoladepasta's	chocoladepasta:n
chocoladepastaatje	chocoladepasta:n
zaaddonoren	zaaddonor:n
kijkdagen	kijkdag:n
kijkdagje	kijkdag:n
wurgtouwen	wurgtouw:n
wurgtouwtje	wurgtouw:n
witvissen	witvis:n
witvisje	witvis:n
schorpioenvissen	schorpioenvis:n
schorpioenvisje	schorpioenvis:n
wederiger	wederig:a
wederigst	wederig:a
wederige	wederig:a
wederigere	wederig:a
wederigste	wederig:a
rivierbochten	rivierbocht:n
rivierbochtje	rivierbocht:n
snijbloemen	snijbloem:n
snijbloempje	snijbloem:n
snijbloemetje	snijbloem:n
kostuumfilms	kostuumfilm:n
verbrekingshoven	verbrekingshof:n
zeilplanken	zeilplank:n
zeilplankje	zeilplank:n
perenwijnen	perenwijn:n
perenwijntje	perenwijn:n
cocktailsauzen	cocktailsaus:n
cocktailsausje	cocktailsaus:n
zwemleraren	zwemleraar:n
rotjochen	rotjoch:n
beterbedoeld	goedbedoeld:a
bestbedoeld	goedbedoeld:a
goedbedoelde	goedbedoeld:a
beterbedoelde	goedbedoeld:a
bestbedoelde	goedbedoeld:a
zandvlooien	zandvlo:n
zandvlooitje	zandvlo:n
watervlooien	watervlo:n
watervlootje	watervlo:n
watervlooitje	watervlo:n
trekmieren	trekmier:n
torenkraaien	torenkraai:n
torenkraaitje	torenkraai:n
haagscharen	haagschaar:n
haagschaartje	haagschaar:n
stormvogels	stormvogel:n
stormvogeltje	stormvogel:n
evenwichtsbalken	evenwichtsbalk:n
evenwichtsbalkje	evenwichtsbalk:n
tandvijlen	tandvijl:n
tandvijltje	tandvijl:n
roofnesten	roofnest:n
roofnestje	roofnest:n
vosruinen	vosruin:n
dirigeerstokken	dirigeerstok:n
dirigeerstokje	dirigeerstok:n
trommelstokken	trommelstok:n
trommelstokje	trommelstok:n
neusvleugels	neusvleugel:n
neusvleugeltje	neusvleugel:n
kippenvleugels	kippenvleugel:n
kippenvleugeltje	kippenvleugel:n
haakneuzen	haakneus:n
haakneusje	haakneus:n
blauwmezen	blauwmees:n
blauwmeesje	blauwmees:n
wipneuzen	wipneus:n
wipneusje	wipneus:n
kabinetschefs	kabinetschef:n
valhelmen	valhelm:n
valhelmpje	valhelm:n
wisselslagen	wisselslag:n
blindgangers	blindganger:n
recordhouders	recordhouder:n
recordhoudertje	recordhouder:n
tjap	tjappen:v
tjapte	tjappen:v
tjapt	tjappen:v
tjapten	tjappen:v
tjappend	tjappen:v
getjapt	tjappen:v
rentrees	rentree:n
monsterprocessen	monsterproces:n
verzekeringsagenten	verzekeringsagent:n
aaswormen	aasworm:n
aaswormpje	aasworm:n
gilamonsters	gilamonster:n
hazelwormen	hazelworm:n
hazelwormpje	hazelworm:n
gilahagedissen	gilahagedis:n
gilahagedisje	gilahagedis:n
jaartallen	jaartal:n
jaartalletje	jaartal:n
korenbloemen	korenbloem:n
korenbloempje	korenbloem:n
korenbloemetje	korenbloem:n
adelaarsnesten	adelaarsnest:n
gelijkgezinde	gelijkgezind:a
kwarteeuwen	kwarteeuw:n
kwarteeuwtje	kwarteeuw:n
hanebalk	hanenbalk:n
raketsilo's	raketsilo:n
raketsilootje	raketsilo:n
beenprothesen	beenprothese:n
beenprotheses	beenprothese:n
beenvegen	beenveeg:n
solsleutels	solsleutel:n
handkoffers	handkoffer:n
handkoffertje	handkoffer:n
vruchtentaarten	vruchtentaart:n
vruchtentaartje	vruchtentaart:n
budgetneutraler	budgetneutraal:a
budgetneutraalst	budgetneutraal:a
budgetneutrale	budgetneutraal:a
budgetneutralere	budgetneutraal:a
budgetneutraalste	budgetneutraal:a
huurwagens	huurwagen:n
huurwagentje	huurwagen:n
bedrijfswagens	bedrijfswagen:n
bedrijfswagentje	bedrijfswagen:n
huilbuien	huilbui:n
huilbuitje	huilbui:n
waterski	waterskiën:v
waterskiede	waterskiën:v
waterskiet	waterskiën:v
waterskieden	waterskiën:v
waterskiënd	waterskiën:v
gewaterskied	waterskiën:v
gymtoestellen	gymtoestel:n
gymtoestelletje	gymtoestel:n
kaapschepen	kaapschip:n
kaapscheepje	kaapschip:n
pikbroeken	pikbroek:n
pikbroekje	pikbroek:n
handelsbeurzen	handelsbeurs:n
handelsbeursje	handelsbeurs:n
kasboeken	kasboek:n
kasboekje	kasboek:n
boekenbeurzen	boekenbeurs:n
boekenbeursje	boekenbeurs:n
grensmuren	grensmuur:n
grensmuurtje	grensmuur:n
millioen	miljoen:n
lesgelden	lesgeld:n
kwelduivels	kwelduivel:n
kwelduiveltje	kwelduivel:n
terugbetaal	terugbetalen:v
terugbetaalde	terugbetalen:v
terugbetaalt	terugbetalen:v
terugbetaalden	terugbetalen:v
terugbetalend	terugbetalen:v
terugbetaald	terugbetalen:v
tokkelinstrumenten	tokkelinstrument:n
tokkelinstrumentje	tokkelinstrument:n
tweederangsburgers	tweederangsburger:n
tweederangsburgertje	tweederangsburger:n
rekenmunten	rekenmunt:n
rekenmuntje	rekenmunt:n
woonzorgcentra	woonzorgcentrum:n
folterwerktuigen	folterwerktuig:n
geselstraffen	geselstraf:n
buikgevoelens	buikgevoel:n
wildseizoenen	wildseizoen:n
parkwachters	parkwachter:n
parkwachtertje	parkwachter:n
kief	kiefen:v
kiefte	kiefen:v
kieft	kiefen:v
kieften	kiefen:v
kiefend	kiefen:v
gekieft	kiefen:v
zjuen's	zjuen:n
zjuennetjes	zjuen:n
uitpers	uitpersen:v
uitperste	uitpersen:v
uitperst	uitpersen:v
uitpersten	uitpersen:v
uitpersend	uitpersen:v
uitgeperst	uitpersen:v
verkruimel	verkruimelen:v
verkruimelde	verkruimelen:v
verkruimelt	verkruimelen:v
verkruimelden	verkruimelen:v
verkruimelend	verkruimelen:v
verkruimeld	verkruimelen:v
huisduiven	huisduif:n
huisduifje	huisduif:n
gombomen	gomboom:n
gomboompje	gomboom:n
debetzijden	debetzijde:n
gomharsen	gomhars:n
gomharsje	gomhars:n
onverzekerbare	onverzekerbaar:a
bolsjevisme	bolsjewisme:n
doodgeboorten	doodgeboorte:n
doodgeboortes	doodgeboorte:n
amoraliteiten	amoraliteit:n
herverzekeringen	herverzekering:n
schrikschijters	schrikschijter:n
schrikschijtertje	schrikschijter:n
zwemvijvers	zwemvijver:n
zwemvijvertje	zwemvijver:n
schijters	schijter:n
uitzuigers	uitzuiger:n
uitzuigertje	uitzuiger:n
schadevorderingen	schadevordering:n
onoplosbare	onoplosbaar:a
turnpantoffels	turnpantoffel:n
turnpantoffeltje	turnpantoffel:n
strijdmakkers	strijdmakker:n
strijdmakkertje	strijdmakker:n
brandhaarden	brandhaard:n
brandhaardje	brandhaard:n
prins-regenten	prins-regent:n
netto-ontvangers	netto-ontvanger:n
winkelkarren	winkelkar:n
winkelkarretje	winkelkar:n
prikkaarten	prikkaart:n
prikkaartje	prikkaart:n
sleutelwoorden	sleutelwoord:n
sleutelwoordje	sleutelwoord:n
consulaten-generaal	consulaat-generaal:n
handwerksmannen	handwerksman:n
handwerkslieden	handwerksman:n
handwerkslui	handwerksman:n
schoolkameraden	schoolkameraad:n
schoolkameraadje	schoolkameraad:n
lustwaranden	lustwarande:n
lustwarandes	lustwarande:n
praktijktesten	praktijktest:n
pianokwartetten	pianokwartet:n
pianokwartetje	pianokwartet:n
directeurs-generaal	directeur-generaal:n
directeuren-generaal	directeur-generaal:n
meloenbomen	meloenboom:n
meloenboompje	meloenboom:n
geselbroeders	geselbroeder:n
aanvalsoorlogen	aanvalsoorlog:n
oplosbaarheden	oplosbaarheid:n
slaapgasten	slaapgast:n
slaapgastje	slaapgast:n
livreibedienden	livreibediende:n
livreibediendetje	livreibediende:n
herdersjongens	herdersjongen:n
herdersjongetje	herdersjongen:n
reclameborden	reclamebord:n
reclamebordje	reclamebord:n
gedachte-experimenten	gedachte-experiment:n
Thebanen	Thebaan:n
Thebaanse	Thebaans:a
nazet	nazetten:v
nazette	nazetten:v
nazettend	nazetten:v
nagezet	nazetten:v
Saharaanser	Saharaans:a
Saharaanst	Saharaans:a
spermadonoren	spermadonor:n
luchtwachten	luchtwacht:n
archiefstukken	archiefstuk:n
archiefstukje	archiefstuk:n
supersone	supersoon:a
hanenbalken	hanenbalk:n
hanenbalkje	hanenbalk:n
kunstvoorwerpen	kunstvoorwerp:n
kunstvoorwerpje	kunstvoorwerp:n
huurauto's	huurauto:n
huurautootje	huurauto:n
graansilo's	graansilo:n
gelijkgezinden	gelijkgezinde:n
sneeuwschaatsen	sneeuwschaats:n
drugssmokkelaars	drugssmokkelaar:n
scholastieke	scholastiek:a
parkeerbonnen	parkeerbon:n
parkeerbonnetje	parkeerbon:n
geboortecijfers	geboortecijfer:n
blusvliegtuigen	blusvliegtuig:n
blusvliegtuigje	blusvliegtuig:n
kassabonnen	kassabon:n
kassabonnetje	kassabon:n
ongewervelden	ongewervelde:n
Afrikaansch	Afrikaans:a
Hollandsch	Hollands:a
Hollantsch	Hollands:a
Brabantsch	Brabants:a
Drentsch	Drents:a
Amsterdamsch	Amsterdams:a
eigenkerken	eigenkerk:n
collegianten	collegiant:n
diocesen	diocees:n
diocesane	diocesaan:a
diocesanen	diocesaan:n
missieposten	missiepost:n
missiepostje	missiepost:n
pelgrimeer	pelgrimeren:v
pelgrimeerde	pelgrimeren:v
pelgrimeert	pelgrimeren:v
pelgrimeerden	pelgrimeren:v
pelgrimerend	pelgrimeren:v
gepelgrimeerd	pelgrimeren:v
devotiekerken	devotiekerk:n
machtsuitbreidingen	machtsuitbreiding:n
kloosterlijker	kloosterlijk:a
kloosterlijkst	kloosterlijk:a
kloosterlijke	kloosterlijk:a
kloosterlijkere	kloosterlijk:a
kloosterlijkste	kloosterlijk:a
verzadigingspunten	verzadigingspunt:n
eigenkloosters	eigenklooster:n
stamsloten	stamslot:n
heiligenvereringen	heiligenverering:n
inquisities	inquisitie:n
huurlegers	huurleger:n
huurlegertje	huurleger:n
vermaners	vermaner:n
overheidsmaatregelen	overheidsmaatregel:n
krijgsdiensten	krijgsdienst:n
andersdenkenden	andersdenkende:n
lutherijen	lutherij:n
geloofsrichtingen	geloofsrichting:n
strafmaatregelen	strafmaatregel:n
strafmaatregels	strafmaatregel:n
strafmaatregeltje	strafmaatregel:n
vaderlandse	vaderlands:a
papenhoeren	papenhoer:n
voedingsbodems	voedingsbodem:n
grafelijke	grafelijk:a
cosmetische	cosmetisch:a
grensverdedigingen	grensverdediging:n
cultuurhistorische	cultuurhistorisch:a
vluchtelingengemeenten	vluchtelingengemeente:n
vluchtelingengemeentes	vluchtelingengemeente:n
vroegmoderne	vroegmodern:a
bedevaartkerken	bedevaartkerk:n
bedevaartkerkje	bedevaartkerk:n
bedevaartskerk	bedevaartkerk:n
piëta's	piëta:n
scherpslijpers	scherpslijper:n
kettermeesters	kettermeester:n
nachtmalen	nachtmaal:n
psalmberijmingen	psalmberijming:n
kerkverbanden	kerkverband:n
grenstollen	grenstol:n
zwerftochten	zwerftocht:n
zwerftochtje	zwerftocht:n
geweldplegingen	geweldpleging:n
grootdopen	grootdoop:n
volwassendopen	volwassendoop:n
zwaardgeesten	zwaardgeest:n
Batenburgers	Batenburger:n
batenburger	Batenburger:n
diffuser	diffuus:a
diffuust	diffuus:a
diffuse	diffuus:a
diffusere	diffuus:a
diffuuste	diffuus:a
wereldeinden	wereldeinde:n
gravenhuizen	gravenhuis:n
verbeurdverklaringen	verbeurdverklaring:n
martelaarsboeken	martelaarsboek:n
alteraties	alteratie:n
synodale	synodaal:a
schutspatronen	schutspatroon:n
provisionele	provisioneel:a
pistoolschoten	pistoolschot:n
altaarstenen	altaarsteen:n
dispensaties	dispensatie:n
centralistische	centralistisch:a
onbijbelse	onbijbels:a
on-Bijbelse	on-Bijbels:a
menistenleugens	menistenleugen:n
menistenleugentje	menistenleugen:n
norbertijnen	norbertijn:n
volksverhuizingen	volksverhuizing:n
rederijkersspelen	rederijkersspel:n
sacramentariërs	sacramentariër:n
Tukkers	Tukker:n
Tukkertje	Tukker:n
controverstheoloog	controversetheoloog:n
controversetheologen	controversetheoloog:n
terceroon	tercerone:n
geloofsbelevingen	geloofsbeleving:n
coronahaarden	coronahaard:n
heiligenlevens	heiligenleven:n
heiligenleventje	heiligenleven:n
takenpakketten	takenpakket:n
rondbogen	rondboog:n
rondboogje	rondboog:n
tweeherige	tweeherig:a
vrijgeesten	vrijgeest:n
dubbelkloosters	dubbelklooster:n
schrijfkamers	schrijfkamer:n
schrijfkamertje	schrijfkamer:n
tegenkoningen	tegenkoning:n
kloosterkerken	kloosterkerk:n
kloosterkerkje	kloosterkerk:n
bisschopszetels	bisschopszetel:n
davidjoristen	davidjorist:n
joristen	jorist:n
wurgdoeken	wurgdoek:n
noodoplossingen	noodoplossing:n
overzichtswerken	overzichtswerk:n
overzichtswerkje	overzichtswerk:n
ziekentroosters	ziekentrooster:n
likstenen	liksteen:n
liksteentje	liksteen:n
zoutstenen	zoutsteen:n
zoutsteentje	zoutsteen:n
huiskloosters	huisklooster:n
huisabdijen	huisabdij:n
knokke	knokken:v
spintollen	spintol:n
spintoltje	spintol:n
borgsommen	borgsom:n
personenweegschalen	personenweegschaal:n
personenweegschaaltje	personenweegschaal:n
soldatenkeizers	soldatenkeizer:n
tafelzuren	tafelzuur:n
coccejanen	coccejaan:n
zwaardlenen	zwaardleen:n
kluizenaressen	kluizenares:n
kluizenaresje	kluizenares:n
schrijverscarrières	schrijverscarrière:n
bladluizen	bladluis:n
rijksbisschoppen	rijksbisschop:n
bisschopssteden	bisschopsstad:n
handelskerken	handelskerk:n
grafitti	graffiti:n
epo	erytropoëtine:n
voorzalen	voorzaal:n
voorzaaltje	voorzaal:n
stroomwegen	stroomweg:n
stroomwegje	stroomweg:n
stroomweggetje	stroomweg:n
toegangswegen	toegangsweg:n
toegangswegje	toegangsweg:n
toegangsweggetje	toegangsweg:n
erftoegangswegen	erftoegangsweg:n
erftoegangswegje	erftoegangsweg:n
erftoegangsweggetje	erftoegangsweg:n
gebiedsontsluitingswegen	gebiedsontsluitingsweg:n
gebiedsontsluitingswegje	gebiedsontsluitingsweg:n
ontsluitingen	ontsluiting:n
ontsluitinkje	ontsluiting:n
waardeoordelen	waardeoordeel:n
levensverwachtingen	levensverwachting:n
fileparkeer	fileparkeren:v
fileparkeerde	fileparkeren:v
fileparkeert	fileparkeren:v
fileparkeerden	fileparkeren:v
fileparkerend	fileparkeren:v
gefileparkeerd	fileparkeren:v
kleinschaliger	kleinschalig:a
kleinschaligst	kleinschalig:a
kleinschalige	kleinschalig:a
kleinschaligere	kleinschalig:a
kleinschaligste	kleinschalig:a
olij	olie:n
skitreinen	skitrein:n
wintersporttreinen	wintersporttrein:n
overgangsrituelen	overgangsritueel:n
vrederechters	vrederechter:n
meerderjarige	meerderjarig:a
egelstellingen	egelstelling:n
orgelpunten	orgelpunt:n
orgelpuntje	orgelpunt:n
kraaiachtigen	kraaiachtige:n
godsdienstwetenschappen	godsdienstwetenschap:n
walvisachtigen	walvisachtige:n
bouwstenen	bouwsteen:n
bouwsteentje	bouwsteen:n
arbeidsovereenkomsten	arbeidsovereenkomst:n
beroeringsangsten	beroeringsangst:n
afsnoep	afsnoepen:v
afsnoepte	afsnoepen:v
afsnoept	afsnoepen:v
afsnoepten	afsnoepen:v
afsnoepend	afsnoepen:v
afgesnoept	afsnoepen:v
betekenisvelden	betekenisveld:n
werkgeheugens	werkgeheugen:n
zandkorrels	zandkorrel:n
zandkorreltje	zandkorrel:n
rijstkorrels	rijstkorrel:n
rijstkorreltje	rijstkorrel:n
sommetjes	sommetje:n
zwijnenstallen	zwijnenstal:n
zwijnenstalletje	zwijnenstal:n
schoepenraderen	schoepenrad:n
schoepenradje	schoepenrad:n
concretiseer	concretiseren:v
concretiseerde	concretiseren:v
concretiseert	concretiseren:v
concretiseerden	concretiseren:v
concretiserend	concretiseren:v
geconcretiseerd	concretiseren:v
braakneigingen	braakneiging:n
braakneiginkje	braakneiging:n
onbewoonbaarder	onbewoonbaar:a
onbewoonbaarst	onbewoonbaar:a
onbewoonbare	onbewoonbaar:a
onbewoonbaardere	onbewoonbaar:a
onbewoonbaarste	onbewoonbaar:a
veelzeggender	veelzeggend:a
veelzeggendst	veelzeggend:a
veelzeggende	veelzeggend:a
veelzeggendere	veelzeggend:a
veelzeggendste	veelzeggend:a
beïnvloedbaarder	beïnvloedbaar:a
beïnvloedbaarst	beïnvloedbaar:a
beïnvloedbare	beïnvloedbaar:a
beïnvloedbaardere	beïnvloedbaar:a
beïnvloedbaarste	beïnvloedbaar:a
verrij	verrijden:v
verrijd	verrijden:v
verreed	verrijden:v
verrijdt	verrijden:v
verreden	verrijden:v
verrijdend	verrijden:v
inwin	inwinnen:v
inwon	inwinnen:v
inwint	inwinnen:v
inwonnen	inwinnen:v
inwinnend	inwinnen:v
ingewonnen	inwinnen:v
verlees	verlezen:v
verlas	verlezen:v
verleest	verlezen:v
verlazen	verlezen:v
verlezend	verlezen:v
vertreed	vertreden:v
vertrad	vertreden:v
vertreedt	vertreden:v
vertraden	vertreden:v
vertredend	vertreden:v
versteek	versteken:v
verstak	versteken:v
versteekt	versteken:v
verstaken	versteken:v
verstekend	versteken:v
verstoken	versteken:v
wnr	wanneer:d
verwas	verwassen:v
verwaste	verwassen:v
verwast	verwassen:v
verwasten	verwassen:v
verwassend	verwassen:v
verwies	verwassen:v
verwiesen	verwassen:v
vergraaf	vergraven:v
vergroef	vergraven:v
vergraaft	vergraven:v
vergroeven	vergraven:v
vergravend	vergraven:v
verrijg	verrijgen:v
verreeg	verrijgen:v
verrijgt	verrijgen:v
verregen	verrijgen:v
verrijgend	verrijgen:v
grafluchtje	graflucht:n
verbraad	verbraden:v
verbraadde	verbraden:v
verbraadt	verbraden:v
verbraadden	verbraden:v
verbradend	verbraden:v
verzeg	verzeggen:v
verzei	verzeggen:v
verzegde	verzeggen:v
verzegt	verzeggen:v
verzeiden	verzeggen:v
verzegden	verzeggen:v
verzeggend	verzeggen:v
verzegd	verzeggen:v
verbak	verbakken:v
verbakte	verbakken:v
verbakt	verbakken:v
verbakten	verbakken:v
verbakkend	verbakken:v
verslijp	verslijpen:v
versleep	verslijpen:v
verslijpt	verslijpen:v
verslepen	verslijpen:v
verslijpend	verslijpen:v
verzijp	verzijpen:v
verzeep	verzijpen:v
verzijpt	verzijpen:v
verzepen	verzijpen:v
verzijpend	verzijpen:v
ecocheques	ecocheque:n
verwrijf	verwrijven:v
verwreef	verwrijven:v
verwrijft	verwrijven:v
verwreven	verwrijven:v
verwrijvend	verwrijven:v
verbrei	verbreien:v
verbreit	verbreien:v
verbreiden	verbreien:v
verbreiend	verbreien:v
vervlied	vervlieden:v
vervlood	vervlieden:v
vervliedt	vervlieden:v
vervloden	vervlieden:v
vervliedend	vervlieden:v
videobewakingen	videobewaking:n
waardeproposities	waardepropositie:n
proposities	propositie:n
verzied	verzieden:v
verzood	verzieden:v
verziedt	verzieden:v
verzoden	verzieden:v
verziedend	verzieden:v
kubiekwortels	kubiekwortel:n
kubiekworteltje	kubiekwortel:n
verbrouw	verbrouwen:v
verbrouwde	verbrouwen:v
verbrouwt	verbrouwen:v
verbrouwden	verbrouwen:v
verbrouwend	verbrouwen:v
verstink	verstinken:v
verstonk	verstinken:v
verstinkt	verstinken:v
verstonken	verstinken:v
verstinkend	verstinken:v
vereet	vereten:v
verat	vereten:v
veraten	vereten:v
veretend	vereten:v
treilers	treiler:n
pakjesboten	pakjesboot:n
pakjesbootje	pakjesboot:n
wachtzalen	wachtzaal:n
wachtzaaltje	wachtzaal:n
mensenheugenissen	mensenheugenis:n
bebind	bebinden:v
bebond	bebinden:v
bebindt	bebinden:v
bebonden	bebinden:v
bebindend	bebinden:v
bedrink	bedrinken:v
bedronk	bedrinken:v
bedrinkt	bedrinken:v
bedronken	bedrinken:v
bedrinkend	bedrinken:v
beklink	beklinken:v
beklonk	beklinken:v
beklinkt	beklinken:v
beklonken	beklinken:v
beklinkend	beklinken:v
bekrimp	bekrimpen:v
bekromp	bekrimpen:v
bekrimpt	bekrimpen:v
bekrompen	bekrimpen:v
bekrimpend	bekrimpen:v
beknijp	beknijpen:v
bekneep	beknijpen:v
beknijpt	beknijpen:v
beknepen	beknijpen:v
beknijpend	beknijpen:v
beschrijd	beschrijden:v
beschreed	beschrijden:v
beschrijdt	beschrijden:v
beschreden	beschrijden:v
beschrijdend	beschrijden:v
bouwvergunningen	bouwvergunning:n
bouwvergunninkje	bouwvergunning:n
airfryers	airfryer:n
airfryertje	airfryer:n
sloopkogels	sloopkogel:n
sloopkogeltje	sloopkogel:n
Heren	Heer:m
verwaai	verwaaien:v
verwaaide	verwaaien:v
verwaait	verwaaien:v
verwaaiden	verwaaien:v
verwaaiend	verwaaien:v
verwaaid	verwaaien:v
verwoei	verwaaien:v
verwoeien	verwaaien:v
bespuug	bespugen:v
bespoog	bespugen:v
bespuugt	bespugen:v
bespogen	bespugen:v
bespugend	bespugen:v
bespuugde	bespugen:v
bespuugden	bespugen:v
bespuugd	bespugen:v
onderbied	onderbieden:v
onderbood	onderbieden:v
onderbiedt	onderbieden:v
onderboden	onderbieden:v
onderbiedend	onderbieden:v
ondergeboden	onderbieden:v
cryovulkanen	cryovulkaan:n
cryovulkanismen	cryovulkanisme:n
bewas	bewassen:v
bewaste	bewassen:v
bewast	bewassen:v
bewasten	bewassen:v
bewassend	bewassen:v
bewies	bewassen:v
bewiesen	bewassen:v
rampjaren	rampjaar:n
bekerf	bekerven:v
bekorf	bekerven:v
bekerft	bekerven:v
bekorven	bekerven:v
bekervend	bekerven:v
bekerfde	bekerven:v
bekerfden	bekerven:v
bekerfd	bekerven:v
beruik	beruiken:v
berook	beruiken:v
beruikt	beruiken:v
beroken	beruiken:v
beruikend	beruiken:v
lessenroosters	lessenrooster:n
lessenroostertje	lessenrooster:n
bevlecht	bevlechten:v
bevlocht	bevlechten:v
bevlochten	bevlechten:v
bevlechtend	bevlechten:v
bescheld	beschelden:v
beschold	beschelden:v
bescheldt	beschelden:v
bescholden	beschelden:v
bescheldend	beschelden:v
bijvangsten	bijvangst:n
bespan	bespannen:v
bespande	bespannen:v
bespant	bespannen:v
bespanden	bespannen:v
bespannend	bespannen:v
bezout	bezouten:v
bezoutte	bezouten:v
bezoutten	bezouten:v
bezoutend	bezouten:v
benijp	benijpen:v
beneep	benijpen:v
benijpt	benijpen:v
benepen	benijpen:v
benijpend	benijpen:v
bewrijf	bewrijven:v
bewreef	bewrijven:v
bewrijft	bewrijven:v
bewreven	bewrijven:v
bewrijvend	bewrijven:v
beschend	beschenden:v
beschond	beschenden:v
beschendt	beschenden:v
beschonden	beschenden:v
beschendend	beschenden:v
beslijp	beslijpen:v
besleep	beslijpen:v
beslijpt	beslijpen:v
beslepen	beslijpen:v
beslijpend	beslijpen:v
bemeet	bemeten:v
bemat	bemeten:v
bematen	bemeten:v
bemetend	bemeten:v
besteek	besteken:v
bestak	besteken:v
besteekt	besteken:v
bestaken	besteken:v
bestekend	besteken:v
bestoken	besteken:v
bezeik	bezeiken:v
bezeikte	bezeiken:v
bezeikt	bezeiken:v
bezeikten	bezeiken:v
bezeikend	bezeiken:v
bezeek	bezeiken:v
bezeken	bezeiken:v
bespuw	bespuwen:v
bespuwde	bespuwen:v
bespuwt	bespuwen:v
bespuwden	bespuwen:v
bespuwend	bespuwen:v
bespuwd	bespuwen:v
bearbeid	bearbeiden:v
bearbeidde	bearbeiden:v
bearbeidt	bearbeiden:v
bearbeidden	bearbeiden:v
bearbeidend	bearbeiden:v
beargumenteer	beargumenteren:v
beargumenteerde	beargumenteren:v
beargumenteert	beargumenteren:v
beargumenteerden	beargumenteren:v
beargumenterend	beargumenteren:v
beargumenteerd	beargumenteren:v
beaard	beaarden:v
beaardde	beaarden:v
beaardt	beaarden:v
beaardden	beaarden:v
beaardend	beaarden:v
beangst	beangsten:v
beangstte	beangsten:v
beangstten	beangsten:v
beangstend	beangsten:v
bekoel	bekoelen:v
bekoelde	bekoelen:v
bekoelt	bekoelen:v
bekoelden	bekoelen:v
bekoelend	bekoelen:v
bekoeld	bekoelen:v
lexicografischer	lexicografisch:a
lexicografischt	lexicografisch:a
lexicografische	lexicografisch:a
lexicografischere	lexicografisch:a
lexicografischte	lexicografisch:a
bebloem	bebloemen:v
bebloemde	bebloemen:v
bebloemt	bebloemen:v
bebloemden	bebloemen:v
bebloemend	bebloemen:v
bebloemd	bebloemen:v
beërf	beërven:v
beërfde	beërven:v
beërft	beërven:v
beërfden	beërven:v
beërvend	beërven:v
beërfd	beërven:v
parastataler	parastataal:a
parastatale	parastataal:a
parastatalere	parastataal:a
parastataalste	parastataal:a
Moriaanshoofd	moriaanshoofd:n
bedrup	bedruppen:v
bedrupte	bedruppen:v
bedrupt	bedruppen:v
bedrupten	bedruppen:v
bedruppend	bedruppen:v
achterwaar	achterwaren:v
achterwaarde	achterwaren:v
achterwaart	achterwaren:v
achterwaarden	achterwaren:v
achterwarend	achterwaren:v
achterwaard	achterwaren:v
ontblink	ontblinken:v
ontblonk	ontblinken:v
ontblinkt	ontblinken:v
ontblonken	ontblinken:v
ontblinkend	ontblinken:v
afrijg	afrijgen:v
afreeg	afrijgen:v
afrijgt	afrijgen:v
afregen	afrijgen:v
afrijgend	afrijgen:v
afgeregen	afrijgen:v
afruk	afrukken:v
afrukte	afrukken:v
afrukt	afrukken:v
afrukten	afrukken:v
afrukkend	afrukken:v
afgerukt	afrukken:v
afpenden	afpennen:v
afpen	afpennen:v
afpende	afpennen:v
afpent	afpennen:v
afpendend	afpennen:v
afgepend	afpennen:v
ontschijn	ontschijnen:v
ontscheen	ontschijnen:v
ontschijnt	ontschijnen:v
ontschenen	ontschijnen:v
ontschijnend	ontschijnen:v
ontwijs	ontwijzen:v
ontwees	ontwijzen:v
ontwijst	ontwijzen:v
ontwezen	ontwijzen:v
ontwijzend	ontwijzen:v
ontrijt	ontrijten:v
ontreet	ontrijten:v
ontreten	ontrijten:v
ontrijtend	ontrijten:v
ontdelf	ontdelven:v
ontdolf	ontdelven:v
ontdelft	ontdelven:v
ontdolven	ontdelven:v
ontdelvend	ontdelven:v
verdelf	verdelven:v
verdolf	verdelven:v
verdelft	verdelven:v
verdolven	verdelven:v
verdelvend	verdelven:v
verkruip	verkruipen:v
verkroop	verkruipen:v
verkruipt	verkruipen:v
verkropen	verkruipen:v
verkruipend	verkruipen:v
ontkruip	ontkruipen:v
ontkroop	ontkruipen:v
ontkruipt	ontkruipen:v
ontkropen	ontkruipen:v
ontkruipend	ontkruipen:v
ontdraag	ontdragen:v
ontdroeg	ontdragen:v
ontdraagt	ontdragen:v
ontdroegen	ontdragen:v
ontdragend	ontdragen:v
steenwegen	steenweg:n
steenwegje	steenweg:n
steenweggetje	steenweg:n
desactiveer	desactiveren:v
desactiveerde	desactiveren:v
desactiveert	desactiveren:v
desactiveerden	desactiveren:v
desactiverend	desactiveren:v
gedesactiveerd	desactiveren:v
crepeer	creperen:v
crepeerde	creperen:v
crepeert	creperen:v
crepeerden	creperen:v
creperend	creperen:v
gecrepeerd	creperen:v
exponentiaalvergelijkingen	exponentiaalvergelijking:n
exponentiaalvergelijkingkje	exponentiaalvergelijking:n
exponentialen	exponentiaal:n
exponentiaaltje	exponentiaal:n
geslaagdheidsvoorwaarden	geslaagdheidsvoorwaarde:n
geslaagdheidsvoorwaardetje	geslaagdheidsvoorwaarde:n
recycle	recyclen:v
recyclede	recyclen:v
recyclet	recyclen:v
recycleden	recyclen:v
recyclend	recyclen:v
gerecycled	recyclen:v
sopropo's	sopropo:n
sopropootje	sopropo:n
conversatieanalyses	conversatieanalyse:n
conversatieanalysetje	conversatieanalyse:n
relevantietheorieën	relevantietheorie:n
relevantietheorietje	relevantietheorie:n
homofone	homofoon:a
homofoontje	homofoon:n
tweet	tweeten:v
tweette	tweeten:v
tweetten	tweeten:v
tweetend	tweeten:v
getweet	tweeten:v
vernietigingsoorlogen	vernietigingsoorlog:n
bemens	bemensen:v
bemenste	bemensen:v
bemenst	bemensen:v
bemensten	bemensen:v
bemensend	bemensen:v
bemensingen	bemensing:n
bemensinkje	bemensing:n
hand-outs	hand-out:n
veenbessen	veenbes:n
veenbesje	veenbes:n
vereen	verenen:v
vereende	verenen:v
vereent	verenen:v
vereenden	verenen:v
verenend	verenen:v
vereend	verenen:v
congestieheffingen	congestieheffing:n
kilometerheffingen	kilometerheffing:n
oorwurmen	oorwurm:n
oorwurmpje	oorwurm:n
boosterpacks	boosterpack:n
boosterpackje	boosterpack:n
boosterprikken	boosterprik:n
boosterprikje	boosterprik:n
boostercampagnes	boostercampagne:n
maanstenen	maansteen:n
maansteentje	maansteen:n
skalians	skalian:n
skaliantje	skalian:n
lijnrechters	lijnrechter:n
lijnrechtertje	lijnrechter:n
telegeleide	telegeleid:a
zwemtrappen	zwemtrap:n
zwemtrapje	zwemtrap:n
vibraties	vibratie:n
silicaten	silicaat:n
sorosilicaten	sorosilicaat:n
nesosilicaten	nesosilicaat:n
kyanieten	kyaniet:n
inosilicaten	inosilicaat:n
statafels	statafel:n
statafeltje	statafel:n
negerslaven	negerslaaf:n
negerslaafje	negerslaaf:n
cyclosilicaten	cyclosilicaat:n
tectosilicaten	tectosilicaat:n
fyllosilicaten	fyllosilicaat:n
tribunaten	tribunaat:n
salariaten	salariaat:n
bakbrommers	bakbrommer:n
bakbrommertje	bakbrommer:n
Frygiërs	Frygiër:n
lijmklemmen	lijmklem:n
lijmklemmetje	lijmklem:n
agglomeraten	agglomeraat:n
agglomeraatje	agglomeraat:n
rectoraten	rectoraat:n
hanzeaten	hanzeaat:n
numismaten	numismaat:n
theodolieten	theodoliet:n
hussieten	hussiet:n
bloedmonsters	bloedmonster:n
keelmonsters	keelmonster:n
neusmonsters	neusmonster:n
speekselmonsters	speekselmonster:n
speekselmonstertje	speekselmonster:n
tentakelmonsters	tentakelmonster:n
tentakelmonstertje	tentakelmonster:n
urinemonsters	urinemonster:n
watermonsters	watermonster:n
watermonstertje	watermonster:n
kaasboren	kaasboor:n
kaasboortje	kaasboor:n
staalkabels	staalkabel:n
staalkabeltje	staalkabel:n
monsterzeges	monsterzege:n
centraliseringen	centralisering:n
rekeninguittreksels	rekeninguittreksel:n
rekeninguittrekseltje	rekeninguittreksel:n
lafenissen	lafenis:n
lafenisje	lafenis:n
sulfieten	sulfiet:n
calamiteitenroutes	calamiteitenroute:n
soortenzwermen	soortenzwerm:n
ruilvoeten	ruilvoet:n
coöperatieprincipes	coöperatieprincipe:n
coöperatieprincipetje	coöperatieprincipe:n
samenwerkingsbeginselen	samenwerkingsbeginsel:n
samenwerkingsbeginsels	samenwerkingsbeginsel:n
samenwerkingsbeginseltje	samenwerkingsbeginsel:n
implicaturen	implicatuur:n
implicatuurtje	implicatuur:n
amberbomen	amberboom:n
amberboompje	amberboom:n
Memory	memory:n
mijnenbestrijdingsvaartuigen	mijnenbestrijdingsvaartuig:n
mijnenbestrijdingsschepen	mijnenbestrijdingsschip:n
mijnenvegers	mijnenveger:n
mijnenjagers	mijnenjager:n
foodtrucks	foodtruck:n
foodtruckje	foodtruck:n
verstrooidheden	verstrooidheid:n
abstractheden	abstractheid:n
aanvalsgeweren	aanvalsgeweer:n
aanvalsgeweertje	aanvalsgeweer:n
kluisverklaringen	kluisverklaring:n
kluisverklarinkje	kluisverklaring:n
Ongeren	Hongeren:m
relevanties	relevantie:n
fokking	fucking:a|fucking:d
studentenjobs	studentenjob:n
studentenjobje	studentenjob:n
terugwijk	terugwijken:v
terugweek	terugwijken:v
terugwijkt	terugwijken:v
terugweken	terugwijken:v
terugwijkend	terugwijken:v
teruggeweken	terugwijken:v
individualiseringen	individualisering:n
Skipetaren	Skipetaar:n
strontzate	strontzat:a
terugdeins	terugdeinzen:v
terugdeinsde	terugdeinzen:v
terugdeinst	terugdeinzen:v
terugdeinsden	terugdeinzen:v
terugdeinzend	terugdeinzen:v
teruggedeinsd	terugdeinzen:v
goeleh	guleh:n
binnenboordmotoren	binnenboordmotor:n
binnenboordmotortje	binnenboordmotor:n
leeghoos	leeghozen:v
leeghoosde	leeghozen:v
leeghoost	leeghozen:v
leeghoosden	leeghozen:v
leeghozend	leeghozen:v
leeggehoosd	leeghozen:v
Lijflanders	Lijflander:n
Lijflandse	Lijflands:a
Lijfse	Lijfs:a
insectenlarven	insectenlarve:n
insectenlarfje	insectenlarve:n
insectenlarf	insectenlarve:n
stilleg	stilleggen:v
stillegde	stilleggen:v
stillegt	stilleggen:v
stillegden	stilleggen:v
stilleggend	stilleggen:v
stilgelegd	stilleggen:v
zoekfuncties	zoekfunctie:n
reparateurs	reparateur:n
nijlbaarzen	nijlbaars:n
nijlbaarsje	nijlbaars:n
zemels	zemel:n
zemeltje	zemel:n
kamergeleerden	kamergeleerde:n
sollicitatieoproepen	sollicitatieoproep:n
studeerkamergeleerden	studeerkamergeleerde:n
inhaalslagen	inhaalslag:n
insinuaties	insinuatie:n
insinueer	insinueren:v
insinueerde	insinueren:v
insinueert	insinueren:v
insinueerden	insinueren:v
insinuerend	insinueren:v
geïnsinueerd	insinueren:v
braindrains	braindrain:n
aanloophavens	aanloophaven:n
aanloophaventje	aanloophaven:n
vertrekhavens	vertrekhaven:n
luchtdoelraketten	luchtdoelraket:n
luchtdoelen	luchtdoel:n
raketinslagen	raketinslag:n
inslagkraters	inslagkrater:n
inslagkratertje	inslagkrater:n
stormgeweren	stormgeweer:n
videoboodschappen	videoboodschap:n
videoboodschapje	videoboodschap:n
controleposten	controlepost:n
controlepostje	controlepost:n
grensposten	grenspost:n
grenspostje	grenspost:n
grensovergangen	grensovergang:n
handelssancties	handelssanctie:n
protesttochten	protesttocht:n
protestmarsen	protestmars:n
Cypriotische	Cypriotisch:a
Cyprioten	Cyprioot:n
marinebases	marinebasis:n
marinebasissen	marinebasis:n
machtsbases	machtsbasis:n
machtsbasissen	machtsbasis:n
luchtmobiele	luchtmobiel:a
scherfvesten	scherfvest:n
scherpschuttersgeweren	scherpschuttersgeweer:n
draagmoeders	draagmoeder:n
bakfietsers	bakfietser:n
mountainbikers	mountainbiker:n
ligfietsers	ligfietser:n
thermobarische	thermobarisch:a
burgerslachtoffers	burgerslachtoffer:n
hoofddoelen	hoofddoel:n
burgerdoelen	burgerdoel:n
grafschriften	grafschrift:n
grafschriftje	grafschrift:n
erecodes	erecode:n
kinderziekenhuizen	kinderziekenhuis:n
kraamafdelingen	kraamafdeling:n
zorghotels	zorghotel:n
topoverleggen	topoverleg:n
grenswachten	grenswacht:n
adaptiefe	adaptief:a
vacuümbommen	vacuümbom:n
touringcars	touringcar:n
brandstofprijzen	brandstofprijs:n
hemelsbrede	hemelsbreed:a
kilometertellers	kilometerteller:n
kilometertellertje	kilometerteller:n
informatieoorlogen	informatieoorlog:n
personenauto's	personenauto:n
personenautootje	personenauto:n
uithonger	uithongeren:v
uithongerde	uithongeren:v
uithongert	uithongeren:v
uithongerden	uithongeren:v
uithongerend	uithongeren:v
uitgehongerd	uithongeren:v
Moldaviërs	Moldaviër:n
Moldavische	Moldavisch:a
onderschriften	onderschrift:n
onderschriftje	onderschrift:n
doorverwijzingen	doorverwijzing:n
doorverwijzinkje	doorverwijzing:n
opvangplekken	opvangplek:n
opvangplekje	opvangplek:n
substantiëler	substantieel:a
substantieelst	substantieel:a
substantiële	substantieel:a
substantiëlere	substantieel:a
substantieelste	substantieel:a
Kosovaarse	Kosovaars:a
kruiswegen	kruisweg:n
grondtroepen	grondtroep:n
aanvalsdrones	aanvalsdrone:n
droneaanvallen	droneaanval:n
onaffer	onaf:a
onafst	onaf:a
uitmuntend	uitmunten:v
uitmuntender	uitmuntend:a
uitmuntendst	uitmuntend:a
uitmuntende	uitmuntend:a
uitmuntendere	uitmuntend:a
uitmuntendste	uitmuntend:a
voorstelbaarder	voorstelbaar:a
voorstelbaarst	voorstelbaar:a
onvoorstelbaarder	onvoorstelbaar:a
onvoorstelbaarst	onvoorstelbaar:a
schietstoelen	schietstoel:n
schietstoeltje	schietstoel:n
seponeer	seponeren:v
seponeerde	seponeren:v
seponeert	seponeren:v
seponeerden	seponeren:v
seponerend	seponeren:v
geseponeerd	seponeren:v
donderspeechen	donderspeech:n
donderspeeches	donderspeech:n
donderspeechje	donderspeech:n
werktalen	werktaal:n
handelsblokken	handelsblok:n
politiechefs	politiechef:n
hypersonische	hypersonisch:a
langeafstandsraketten	langeafstandsraket:n
wasvrouwen	wasvrouw:n
wasvrouwtje	wasvrouw:n
afhankelijkheden	afhankelijkheid:n
hogergeplaatst	hooggeplaatst:a
hoogstgeplaatst	hooggeplaatst:a
hooggeplaatste	hooggeplaatst:a
hogergeplaatste	hooggeplaatst:a
hoogstgeplaatste	hooggeplaatst:a
marineofficieren	marineofficier:n
geoïden	geoïde:n
geoïdes	geoïde:n
bijdragers	bijdrager:n
vertolkingen	vertolking:n
hoogmoediger	hoogmoedig:a
hoogmoedigst	hoogmoedig:a
hoogmoedige	hoogmoedig:a
hoogmoedigere	hoogmoedig:a
hoogmoedigste	hoogmoedig:a
gewraakt	wraken:v
gewraakte	wraken:v
treinbegeleiders	treinbegeleider:n
treinbegeleidertje	treinbegeleider:n
musch	mus:n
sollicitatiegesprekken	sollicitatiegesprek:n
sollicitatiegesprekje	sollicitatiegesprek:n
opvouw	opvouwen:v
opvouwde	opvouwen:v
opvouwt	opvouwen:v
opvouwden	opvouwen:v
opvouwend	opvouwen:v
opgevouwen	opvouwen:v
openvouw	openvouwen:v
openvouwde	openvouwen:v
openvouwt	openvouwen:v
openvouwden	openvouwen:v
openvouwend	openvouwen:v
opengevouwen	openvouwen:v
uitvouw	uitvouwen:v
uitvouwde	uitvouwen:v
uitvouwt	uitvouwen:v
uitvouwden	uitvouwen:v
uitvouwend	uitvouwen:v
uitgevouwen	uitvouwen:v
pontificaten	pontificaat:n
markizaten	markizaat:n
lijve	lijf:n
gastgezinnen	gastgezin:n
gastgezinnetje	gastgezin:n
vredespijpen	vredespijp:n
vredespijpje	vredespijp:n
afkondigingen	afkondiging:n
afkondiginkje	afkondiging:n
onmogelijkheden	onmogelijkheid:n
bowlinghallen	bowlinghal:n
bowlinghalletje	bowlinghal:n
nefrieten	nefriet:n
nefrietje	nefriet:n
verkwikkingen	verkwikking:n
micronovae	micronova:n
micronova's	micronova:n
micronovaatje	micronova:n
trapportalen	trapportaal:n
trapportaaltje	trapportaal:n
richtingsgevoelens	richtingsgevoel:n
richtingsgevoelen	richtingsgevoel:n
Surineds	Surined:n
fosforbommen	fosforbom:n
kapasies	kapasie:n
beeldwoordenboeken	beeldwoordenboek:n
beeldwoordenboekje	beeldwoordenboek:n
minjonem	minje:n
minjes	minje:n
kuchers	kucher:n
kuchertje	kucher:n
bijsluit	bijsluiten:v
bijsloot	bijsluiten:v
bijsloten	bijsluiten:v
bijsluitend	bijsluiten:v
bijgesloten	bijsluiten:v
dwergnovae	dwergnova:n
dwergnova's	dwergnova:n
dwergnovaatje	dwergnova:n
goedsmoedser	goedsmoeds:a
goedsmoedst	goedsmoeds:a
goedsmoedse	goedsmoeds:a
goedsmoedsere	goedsmoeds:a
goedsmoedste	goedsmoeds:a
levensruimten	levensruimte:n
levensruimtes	levensruimte:n
liefdesverhalen	liefdesverhaal:n
liefdesverhaaltje	liefdesverhaal:n
pretsigaretten	pretsigaret:n
pretsigaretje	pretsigaret:n
doorrij	doorrijden:v
doorrijd	doorrijden:v
doorreed	doorrijden:v
doorrijdt	doorrijden:v
doorreden	doorrijden:v
doorrijdend	doorrijden:v
doorgereden	doorrijden:v
ontrij	ontrijden:v
ontrijd	ontrijden:v
ontreed	ontrijden:v
ontrijdt	ontrijden:v
ontreden	ontrijden:v
ontrijdend	ontrijden:v
substraatje	substraat:n
substraattalen	substraattaal:n
subliemer	subliem:a
subliemst	subliem:a
sublieme	subliem:a
subliemere	subliem:a
subliemste	subliem:a
subtiliteiten	subtiliteit:n
subliminale	subliminaal:a
subarctische	subarctisch:a
subargumenten	subargument:n
substituten	substituut:n
substituties	substitutie:n
substitueer	substitueren:v
substitueerde	substitueren:v
substitueert	substitueren:v
substitueerden	substitueren:v
substituerend	substitueren:v
gesubstitueerd	substitueren:v
subordineer	subordineren:v
subordineerde	subordineren:v
subordineert	subordineren:v
subordineerden	subordineren:v
subordinerend	subordineren:v
gesubordineerd	subordineren:v
subcutane	subcutaan:a
subordinaties	subordinatie:n
submissies	submissie:n
sublimaten	sublimaat:n
subsidiaire	subsidiair:a
subsidieaanvragen	subsidieaanvraag:n
onderhuidser	onderhuids:a
onderhuidst	onderhuids:a
onderhuidse	onderhuids:a
onderhuidsere	onderhuids:a
onderhuidste	onderhuids:a
gelegenheidsargumenten	gelegenheidsargument:n
braaknoten	braaknoot:n
braaknotenbomen	braaknotenboom:n
greppels	greppel:n
greppeltje	greppel:n
verkeerborden	verkeerbord:n
verkeersvliegers	verkeersvlieger:n
verkeersboetes	verkeersboete:n
verkeersboeten	verkeersboete:n
verkeersregelaars	verkeersregelaar:n
verkeerstorens	verkeerstoren:n
verkeerscontroles	verkeerscontrole:n
verkeersdrempels	verkeersdrempel:n
verkeersdrempeltje	verkeersdrempel:n
verkeersheuvels	verkeersheuvel:n
verkeersheuveltje	verkeersheuvel:n
verkeersovertredingen	verkeersovertreding:n
verkeersovertredinkje	verkeersovertreding:n
verkeersleidingen	verkeersleiding:n
luchtverkeersleidingen	luchtverkeersleiding:n
vervoersmiddelen	vervoersmiddel:n
kaalkoppen	kaalkop:n
kaalkopje	kaalkop:n
krombaanvuurmonden	krombaanvuurmond:n
ongezonder	ongezond:a
ongezondst	ongezond:a
bereikbaarheden	bereikbaarheid:n
ruiterstandbeelden	ruiterstandbeeld:n
ruiterstandbeeldje	ruiterstandbeeld:n
ketelbinken	ketelbink:n
ketelbinkie	ketelbink:n
ketelbinkje	ketelbink:n
knalpijpen	knalpijp:n
knalpijpje	knalpijp:n
heudes	heude:n
levensduurten	levensduurte:n
levensduurtes	levensduurte:n
gaslichten	gaslicht:n
gaslichtje	gaslicht:n
tuberkels	tuberkel:n
tuberkeltje	tuberkel:n
plaatsingstoetsen	plaatsingstoets:n
plaatsingstoetsje	plaatsingstoets:n
teuter	teut:a
teutst	teut:a
teute	teut:a
teutere	teut:a
teutste	teut:a
boterbriefjes	boterbriefje:n
wijnmeesters	wijnmeester:n
wijnmeestertje	wijnmeester:n
ADHD'ers	ADHD'er:n
ADHD'ertje	ADHD'er:n
ongeparfumeerder	ongeparfumeerd:a
ongeparfumeerdst	ongeparfumeerd:a
hz	hoezo:i
aanst	aanstonds:d
passantenhavens	passantenhaven:n
passantenhaventje	passantenhaven:n
scrape	scrapen:v
scrapete	scrapen:v
scrapet	scrapen:v
scrapeten	scrapen:v
scrapend	scrapen:v
gescrapet	scrapen:v
Welshen	Welshe:n
gedragscodes	gedragscode:n
wegcodes	wegcode:n
treurmarsen	treurmars:n
waroom	waarom:d
snepen	sneep:n
sneepje	sneep:n
regelrechts	regelrecht:a
magerders	mager:a
vereenen	verenen:v
humoristischers	humoristisch:a
verkeerszuilen	verkeerszuil:n
verkeerszuiltje	verkeerszuil:n
useneters	useneter:n
lulliger	lullig:a
lulligst	lullig:a
lullige	lullig:a
lulligere	lullig:a
lulligste	lullig:a
dodentempels	dodentempel:n
daltempels	daltempel:n
cenobieten	cenobiet:n
parkeerwachters	parkeerwachter:n
parkeerwachtertje	parkeerwachter:n
teruglees	teruglezen:v
teruglas	teruglezen:v
terugleest	teruglezen:v
teruglazen	teruglezen:v
teruglezend	teruglezen:v
teruggelezen	teruglezen:v
hypotheekverstrekkers	hypotheekverstrekker:n
hypotheekverstrekkertje	hypotheekverstrekker:n
verstrekkers	verstrekker:n
verstrekkertje	verstrekker:n
bijbetaal	bijbetalen:v
bijbetaalde	bijbetalen:v
bijbetaalt	bijbetalen:v
bijbetaalden	bijbetalen:v
bijbetalend	bijbetalen:v
bijbetaald	bijbetalen:v
verzuimboeten	verzuimboete:n
verzuimboetes	verzuimboete:n
verzuimboetetje	verzuimboete:n
motivatiebrieven	motivatiebrief:n
referaten	referaat:n
referaatje	referaat:n
aarsgeweien	aarsgewei:n
aarsgeweitje	aarsgewei:n
uitscheidingen	uitscheiding:n
uitscheidinkje	uitscheiding:n
secreties	secretie:n
secretietje	secretie:n
zwemslips	zwemslip:n
zwemslipje	zwemslip:n
herexamens	herexamen:n
herexamentje	herexamen:n
n**k	n**ken:v
n**kte	n**ken:v
n**kt	n**ken:v
n**kten	n**ken:v
n**kend	n**ken:v
gen**kt	n**ken:v
n**ke	n**ken:v
n*uk	n*uken:v
n*ukte	n*uken:v
n*ukt	n*uken:v
n*ukten	n*uken:v
n*ukend	n*uken:v
gen*ukt	n*uken:v
n*uke	n*uken:v
autorij	autorijden:v
autorijd	autorijden:v
autoreed	autorijden:v
autorijdt	autorijden:v
autoreden	autorijden:v
autorijdend	autorijden:v
autogereden	autorijden:v
waterlelies	waterlelie:n
waterleliën	waterlelie:n
waterlelietje	waterlelie:n
katernen	katern:n
katerntje	katern:n
loo's	loo:n
godsregeringen	godsregering:n
godsregerinkje	godsregering:n
oorbaarder	oorbaar:a
oorbaarst	oorbaar:a
oorbare	oorbaar:a
oorbaardere	oorbaar:a
oorbaarste	oorbaar:a
tekenhandelingen	tekenhandeling:n
lindewormen	lindeworm:n
lineaire	lineair:a
slotvoogden	slotvoogd:n
sjoenkel	sjoenkelen:v
sjoenkelde	sjoenkelen:v
sjoenkelt	sjoenkelen:v
sjoenkelden	sjoenkelen:v
sjoenkelend	sjoenkelen:v
gesjoenkeld	sjoenkelen:v
kostgronden	kostgrond:n
kostgrondje	kostgrond:n
erfkranen	erfkraan:n
erfkraantje	erfkraan:n
aaneenschrijf	aaneenschrijven:v
aaneenschreef	aaneenschrijven:v
aaneenschrijft	aaneenschrijven:v
aaneenschreven	aaneenschrijven:v
aaneenschrijvend	aaneenschrijven:v
aaneengeschreven	aaneenschrijven:v
concubanten	concubant:n
concubanen	concubaan:n
pajongwaaiers	pajongwaaier:n
aftelklokken	aftelklok:n
aftelklokje	aftelklok:n
tayer	tajer:n
meervoudigepersoonlijkheidsstoornissen	meervoudigepersoonlijkheidsstoornis:n
meervoudigepersoonlijkheidsstoornisje	meervoudigepersoonlijkheidsstoornis:n
kopzorgen	kopzorg:n
wijndruiven	wijndruif:n
wijndruifje	wijndruif:n
daguitstappen	daguitstap:n
daguitstapje	daguitstap:n
leefomstandigheden	leefomstandigheid:n
leefomstandigheidje	leefomstandigheid:n
zeerotten	zeerot:n
zeerotje	zeerot:n
pokoes	pokoe:n
verkeersinfarcten	verkeersinfarct:n
vleermuizenkasten	vleermuizenkast:n
poelsnippen	poelsnip:n
aanverwants	aanverwant:a
opsommingslijsten	opsommingslijst:n
opsommingslijstje	opsommingslijst:n
opsommingstekenen	opsommingsteken:n
opsommingstekens	opsommingsteken:n
opsommingstekentje	opsommingsteken:n
corporaties	corporatie:n
corporatietje	corporatie:n
biodiverser	biodivers:a
biodiverst	biodivers:a
biodiversere	biodivers:a
biodiverste	biodivers:a
zelfvernederingen	zelfvernedering:n
dienstweigeraars	dienstweigeraar:n
wapendieren	wapendier:n
wapendiertje	wapendier:n
jachtwapens	jachtwapen:n
jachtwapenen	jachtwapen:n
familiewapens	familiewapen:n
familiewapenen	familiewapen:n
familiewapentje	familiewapen:n
oorlogswapens	oorlogswapen:n
oorlogswapenen	oorlogswapen:n
krijgswapens	krijgswapen:n
krijgswapenen	krijgswapen:n
wapenuitrustingen	wapenuitrusting:n
wapenproducenten	wapenproducent:n
wapenfabrikanten	wapenfabrikant:n
wapenbalken	wapenbalk:n
wapenembargo's	wapenembargo:n
bangmakerijen	bangmakerij:n
bangmakerijtje	bangmakerij:n
alarmistischer	alarmistisch:a
alarmistischt	alarmistisch:a
alarmistische	alarmistisch:a
alarmistischere	alarmistisch:a
alarmistischte	alarmistisch:a
ontdaner	ontdaan:a
ontdaanst	ontdaan:a
ontdane	ontdaan:a
ontdaanste	ontdaan:a
zilversparren	zilverspar:n
zilversparretje	zilverspar:n
aanstelleriger	aanstellerig:a
aanstellerigst	aanstellerig:a
aanstellerige	aanstellerig:a
aanstellerigere	aanstellerig:a
aanstellerigste	aanstellerig:a
tijdrovender	tijdrovend:a
tijdrovendst	tijdrovend:a
ongeliefder	ongeliefd:a
ongeliefdst	ongeliefd:a
ongeliefde	ongeliefd:a
ongeliefdere	ongeliefd:a
ongeliefdste	ongeliefd:a
geurlozer	geurloos:a
geurloost	geurloos:a
geurloze	geurloos:a
geurlozere	geurloos:a
geurlooste	geurloos:a
zelfmedelijdender	zelfmedelijdend:a
zelfmedelijdendst	zelfmedelijdend:a
zelfmedelijdende	zelfmedelijdend:a
zelfmedelijdendere	zelfmedelijdend:a
zelfmedelijdendste	zelfmedelijdend:a
dikvloeibaarder	dikvloeibaar:a
dikvloeibaarst	dikvloeibaar:a
dikvloeibare	dikvloeibaar:a
dikvloeibaardere	dikvloeibaar:a
dikvloeibaarste	dikvloeibaar:a
stroperiger	stroperig:a
stroperigst	stroperig:a
stroperige	stroperig:a
stroperigere	stroperig:a
stroperigste	stroperig:a
wolligs	wollig:a
wolligers	wollig:a
drinkbakken	drinkbak:n
drinkbakje	drinkbak:n
moederbanken	moederbank:n
wachtels	wachtel:n
wachteltje	wachtel:n
tochtworsten	tochtworst:n
tochtworstje	tochtworst:n
eerwaarde	eerwaard:a
zulten	zulte:n
zultes	zulte:n
zultetje	zulte:n
vuurgevaarlijker	vuurgevaarlijk:a
vuurgevaarlijkst	vuurgevaarlijk:a
schragen	schraag:n
schraagje	schraag:n
schraag	schragen:v
schraagde	schragen:v
schraagt	schragen:v
schraagden	schragen:v
schragend	schragen:v
geschraagd	schragen:v
voetenkranen	voetenkraan:n
voetenkraantje	voetenkraan:n
verbeeldingskrachten	verbeeldingskracht:n
verbeeldingskrachtje	verbeeldingskracht:n
faseruimtes	faseruimte:n
faseruimten	faseruimte:n
donderse	donders:a
individualistischer	individualistisch:a
individualistischt	individualistisch:a
individualistische	individualistisch:a
individualistischere	individualistisch:a
individualistischte	individualistisch:a
poolcirkels	poolcirkel:n
ov-fietsen	ov-fiets:n
ov-fietsje	ov-fiets:n
vermouts	vermout:n
vermoutje	vermout:n
verteken	vertekenen:v
vertekende	vertekenen:v
vertekent	vertekenen:v
vertekenden	vertekenen:v
vertekenend	vertekenen:v
vertekend	vertekenen:v
tsja	tja:i
scripties	scriptie:n
scriptietje	scriptie:n
preromaanse	preromaans:a
romaanse	romaans:a
Moriaan	moriaan:n
moriaanshoofden	moriaanshoofd:n
moriaanshoofdje	moriaanshoofd:n
voorspraken	voorspraak:n
wetenswaardiger	wetenswaardig:a
wetenswaardigst	wetenswaardig:a
kleurlozers	kleurloos:a
plaskrullen	plaskrul:n
plaskrulletje	plaskrul:n
naastingen	naasting:n
ideëler	ideëel:a
ideëelst	ideëel:a
ideële	ideëel:a
ideëlere	ideëel:a
ideëelste	ideëel:a
markoesa's	markoesa:n
meervoudige	meervoudig:a
n-woord	nikker:n|neger:n
hertaal	hertalen:v
hertaalde	hertalen:v
hertaalt	hertalen:v
hertaalden	hertalen:v
hertalend	hertalen:v
hertaald	hertalen:v
rugpijnen	rugpijn:n
rugpijntje	rugpijn:n
grondeigendommen	grondeigendom:n
grondeigendommetje	grondeigendom:n
fogger	foggeren:v
foggerde	foggeren:v
foggert	foggeren:v
foggerden	foggeren:v
foggerend	foggeren:v
gefoggerd	foggeren:v
benedenverdiepingen	benedenverdieping:n
benedenverdiepinkje	benedenverdieping:n
drassigs	drassig:a
zuurs	zuur:a
zuurders	zuur:a
wellustiger	wellustig:a
wellustigst	wellustig:a
ambtenaressen	ambtenares:n
ambtenaresje	ambtenares:n
snelheidsbeperkingen	snelheidsbeperking:n
marconisten	marconist:n
marconistje	marconist:n
tekortschiet	tekortschieten:v
tekortschoot	tekortschieten:v
tekortschoten	tekortschieten:v
tekortschietend	tekortschieten:v
tekortgeschoten	tekortschieten:v
tekortkom	tekortkomen:v
tekortkwam	tekortkomen:v
tekortkomt	tekortkomen:v
tekortkwamen	tekortkomen:v
tekortkomend	tekortkomen:v
tekortgekomen	tekortkomen:v
voorzienbaarder	voorzienbaar:a
voorzienbaarst	voorzienbaar:a
voorzienbare	voorzienbaar:a
voorzienbaardere	voorzienbaar:a
voorzienbaarste	voorzienbaar:a
onvoorzienbaarder	onvoorzienbaar:a
onvoorzienbaarst	onvoorzienbaar:a
onvoorzienbare	onvoorzienbaar:a
onvoorzienbaardere	onvoorzienbaar:a
onvoorzienbaarste	onvoorzienbaar:a
onprettiger	onprettig:a
onprettigst	onprettig:a
onprettige	onprettig:a
onprettigere	onprettig:a
onprettigste	onprettig:a
genoeglijker	genoeglijk:a
genoeglijkst	genoeglijk:a
genoeglijke	genoeglijk:a
genoeglijkere	genoeglijk:a
genoeglijkste	genoeglijk:a
succesverhalen	succesverhaal:n
succesverhaaltje	succesverhaal:n
huurcontracten	huurcontract:n
huurcontractje	huurcontract:n
nucleïnezuren	nucleïnezuur:n
kernzuren	kernzuur:n
onmensen	onmens:n
onmensje	onmens:n
hellebaarden	hellebaard:n
hellebaardje	hellebaard:n
subcategorieën	subcategorie:n
subcategorietje	subcategorie:n
affreuzer	affreus:a
affreust	affreus:a
affreuze	affreus:a
affreuzere	affreus:a
affreuste	affreus:a
engnekken	engnek:n
engnekje	engnek:n
Monegasken	Monegask:n
Slowaken	Slowaak:n
Slowaakje	Slowaak:n
vroondiensten	vroondienst:n
herendiensten	herendienst:n
vronen	vroon:n
vroonlanden	vroonland:n
Brusselsen	Brusselse:n
Hindostaan	Hindoestaan:n
landsdienaren	landsdienaar:n
landsdienaars	landsdienaar:n
landsdienaartje	landsdienaar:n
Hanzedagen	Hanzedag:n
huiskrekels	huiskrekel:n
huiskrekeltje	huiskrekel:n
Gepiden	Gepide:n
Krimgoten	Krimgoot:n
Krimgotische	Krimgotisch:a
onmiddelijk	onmiddellijk:a
zwavelstokjes	zwavelstokje:n
kraroen	klaroen:n
gadofowroe's	gadofowroe:n
gadofowroetje	gadofowroe:n
loostrenzen	loostrens:n
loostrensje	loostrens:n
calimerocomplexen	calimerocomplex:n
calimerocomplexje	calimerocomplex:n
scalian	skalian:n
winddichter	winddicht:a
winddichtst	winddicht:a
winddichte	winddicht:a
winddichtere	winddicht:a
winddichtste	winddicht:a
schoolvoorbeelden	schoolvoorbeeld:n
schoolvoorbeeldje	schoolvoorbeeld:n
overnaadse	overnaads:a
heksenverbrandingen	heksenverbranding:n
heugelijker	heugelijk:a
heugelijkst	heugelijk:a
heugelijke	heugelijk:a
heugelijkere	heugelijk:a
heugelijkste	heugelijk:a
heuglijk	heugelijk:a
scheepstypen	scheepstype:n
scheepstypes	scheepstype:n
brigantijnen	brigantijn:n
brigantijntje	brigantijn:n
Noorsch	Noors:a
kleurvlakken	kleurvlak:n
kleurvlakje	kleurvlak:n
enterbijlen	enterbijl:n
slavenhuizen	slavenhuis:n
slavenhuisje	slavenhuis:n
intolerabele	intolerabel:a
taalhandelingen	taalhandeling:n
taalhandelingetje	taalhandeling:n
afnok	afnokken:v
afnokte	afnokken:v
afnokt	afnokken:v
afnokten	afnokken:v
afnokkend	afnokken:v
afgenokt	afnokken:v
tourde	touren:v
tourt	touren:v
tourden	touren:v
tourend	touren:v
getourd	touren:v
bestelbonnen	bestelbon:n
bestelbonnetje	bestelbon:n
leveringsbonnen	leveringsbon:n
leveringsbonnetje	leveringsbon:n
voorraadbeheren	voorraadbeheer:n
sollicitatiebrieven	sollicitatiebrief:n
vindingrijkheden	vindingrijkheid:n
mastsporen	mastspoor:n
mastspoortje	mastspoor:n
vrijstellingen	vrijstelling:n
levensaders	levensader:n
levensaderen	levensader:n
rivierenstelsels	rivierenstelsel:n
rivierstelsel	rivierenstelsel:n
wegers	weger:n
zaathouten	zaathout:n
tolplichtige	tolplichtig:a
stapelrechten	stapelrecht:n
kreken	kreek:n
kreekje	kreek:n
houtmonsters	houtmonster:n
houtmonstertje	houtmonster:n
stroomsnelheden	stroomsnelheid:n
landwegen	landweg:n
landweggetje	landweg:n
graadmeters	graadmeter:n
rivieroevers	rivieroever:n
taalhistorische	taalhistorisch:a
raakvlakken	raakvlak:n
raakvlakje	raakvlak:n
vindplaatsen	vindplaats:n
vindplaatsje	vindplaats:n
kustvaarten	kustvaart:n
drijfkranen	drijfkraan:n
gildeleden	gildelid:n
bloeiperioden	bloeiperiode:n
bloeiperiodes	bloeiperiode:n
retweet	retweeten:v
retweette	retweeten:v
retweetten	retweeten:v
retweetend	retweeten:v
geretweet	retweeten:v
demi-saisons	demi-saison:n
demi-saisontje	demi-saison:n
eenpersoonszaken	eenpersoonszaak:n
eenpersoonszaakje	eenpersoonszaak:n
hulpboekhouders	hulpboekhouder:n
meekrijg	meekrijgen:v
meekreeg	meekrijgen:v
meekrijgt	meekrijgen:v
meekregen	meekrijgen:v
meekrijgend	meekrijgen:v
meegekregen	meekrijgen:v
tredkranen	tredkraan:n
antiquiteiten	antiquiteit:n
handelsroutes	handelsroute:n
handelsrouten	handelsroute:n
laadvermogens	laadvermogen:n
zeegaande	zeegaand:a
omslaghavens	omslaghaven:n
inventariseer	inventariseren:v
inventariseerde	inventariseren:v
inventariseert	inventariseren:v
inventariseerden	inventariseren:v
inventariserend	inventariseren:v
geïnventariseerd	inventariseren:v
kaperoorlogen	kaperoorlog:n
handelsstelsels	handelsstelsel:n
bouwwijzen	bouwwijze:n
stootkussens	stootkussen:n
stootkussentje	stootkussen:n
stevenroeren	stevenroer:n
folianten	foliant:n
foliantje	foliant:n
stevenhaken	stevenhaak:n
zijroeren	zijroer:n
hoogteroeren	hoogteroer:n
druivenoogsten	druivenoogst:n
wipkranen	wipkraan:n
stroomregimes	stroomregime:n
duigenbakken	duigenbak:n
duigenbakje	duigenbak:n
concurrentieposities	concurrentiepositie:n
meuzies	meuzie:n
meuziën	meuzie:n
meuzietje	meuzie:n
dispensen	dispens:n
dispensje	dispens:n
laveer	laveren:v
laveerde	laveren:v
laveert	laveren:v
laveerden	laveren:v
laverend	laveren:v
gelaveerd	laveren:v
dendrochronologische	dendrochronologisch:a
vorstenhoven	vorstenhof:n
handelsvoorrechten	handelsvoorrecht:n
handelsprivileges	handelsprivilege:n
machtsaanspraken	machtsaanspraak:n
onnavolgbaarder	onnavolgbaar:a
onnavolgbaarst	onnavolgbaar:a
onnavolgbare	onnavolgbaar:a
onnavolgbaardere	onnavolgbaar:a
onnavolgbaarste	onnavolgbaar:a
huidgangen	huidgang:n
zelfreflecties	zelfreflectie:n
zelfreflectietje	zelfreflectie:n
oogziekten	oogziekte:n
oogziektes	oogziekte:n
oogziektetje	oogziekte:n
uittredingen	uittreding:n
sanctioneer	sanctioneren:v
sanctioneerde	sanctioneren:v
sanctioneert	sanctioneren:v
sanctioneerden	sanctioneren:v
sanctionerend	sanctioneren:v
gesanctioneerd	sanctioneren:v
staatsmachten	staatsmacht:n
onderhandelingsposities	onderhandelingspositie:n
grondwaterspiegels	grondwaterspiegel:n
grondwaterpeilen	grondwaterpeil:n
beginstadia	beginstadium:n
rijkssteden	rijksstad:n
tolvrijstellingen	tolvrijstelling:n
oceaanreuzen	oceaanreus:n
overslaghavens	overslaghaven:n
tegenprestaties	tegenprestatie:n
besluitvormingsketens	besluitvormingsketen:n
beslagleggingen	beslaglegging:n
steenbakkerijen	steenbakkerij:n
steenbakkers	steenbakker:n
familiegelijkenissen	familiegelijkenis:n
Keulse	Keuls:a
waskaarsen	waskaars:n
waskaarsje	waskaars:n
beeldhouwsters	beeldhouwster:n
beeldhouwstertje	beeldhouwster:n
drugshandelaars	drugshandelaar:n
drugshandelaren	drugshandelaar:n
pubquizzen	pubquiz:n
pubquizje	pubquiz:n
geneeskundestudenten	geneeskundestudent:n
geneeskundestudentje	geneeskundestudent:n
voedingsdeskundigen	voedingsdeskundige:n
kerspels	kerspel:n
kerspelen	kerspel:n
kerspeltje	kerspel:n
saneringen	sanering:n
sanerinkje	sanering:n
pelorieën	pelorie:n
pelorietje	pelorie:n
koggeachtige	koggeachtig:a
kogge-achtig	koggeachtig:a
handelspolitieke	handelspolitiek:a
adresboeken	adresboek:n
adresboekje	adresboek:n
stamhertogdommen	stamhertogdom:n
voorverpakte	voorverpakt:a
binnenloop	binnenlopen:v
binnenliep	binnenlopen:v
binnenloopt	binnenlopen:v
binnenliepen	binnenlopen:v
binnenlopend	binnenlopen:v
binnengelopen	binnenlopen:v
navorsingen	navorsing:n
navorsinkje	navorsing:n
druis	druisen:v
druiste	druisen:v
druist	druisen:v
druisten	druisen:v
druisend	druisen:v
gedruist	druisen:v
sterieler	steriel:a
sterielst	steriel:a
steriele	steriel:a
sterielere	steriel:a
sterielste	steriel:a
zouteloos	zoutloos:a
oorlogzucht	oorlogszucht:n
bejegen	bejegenen:v
bejegende	bejegenen:v
bejegent	bejegenen:v
bejegenden	bejegenen:v
bejegenend	bejegenen:v
bejegend	bejegenen:v
wss	waarschijnlijk:d
lenteweertje	lenteweer:n
zomerweertje	zomerweer:n
herfstweertje	herfstweer:n
winterweertje	winterweer:n
plensweertje	plensweer:n
prachtweertje	prachtweer:n
weerlezers	weerlezer:n
weerlezertje	weerlezer:n
weerlezeressen	weerlezeres:n
weerlezeresje	weerlezeres:n
langsga	langsgaan:v
langsging	langsgaan:v
langsgaat	langsgaan:v
langsgingen	langsgaan:v
langsgaand	langsgaan:v
langsgegaan	langsgaan:v
samenga	samengaan:v
samenging	samengaan:v
samengaat	samengaan:v
samengingen	samengaan:v
samengaand	samengaan:v
samengegaan	samengaan:v
neerga	neergaan:v
neerging	neergaan:v
neergaat	neergaan:v
neergingen	neergaan:v
neergaand	neergaan:v
neergegaan	neergaan:v
inloop	inlopen:v
inliep	inlopen:v
inloopt	inlopen:v
inliepen	inlopen:v
inlopend	inlopen:v
ingelopen	inlopen:v
naloop	nalopen:v
naliep	nalopen:v
naloopt	nalopen:v
naliepen	nalopen:v
nalopend	nalopen:v
nagelopen	nalopen:v
hebberiger	hebberig:a
hebberigst	hebberig:a
hebberige	hebberig:a
hebberigere	hebberig:a
hebberigste	hebberig:a
briefgelden	briefgeld:n
geldgebreken	geldgebrek:n
reisgelden	reisgeld:n
watertrappel	watertrappelen:v
watertrappelde	watertrappelen:v
watertrappelt	watertrappelen:v
watertrappelden	watertrappelen:v
watertrappelend	watertrappelen:v
watergetrappeld	watertrappelen:v
maaiveldculturen	maaiveldcultuur:n
donziger	donzig:a
donzigst	donzig:a
donzige	donzig:a
donzigere	donzig:a
donzigste	donzig:a
strontpotten	strontpot:n
strontpotje	strontpot:n
wegrij	wegrijden:v
wegrijd	wegrijden:v
wegreed	wegrijden:v
wegrijdt	wegrijden:v
wegreden	wegrijden:v
wegrijdend	wegrijden:v
weggereden	wegrijden:v
rondrij	rondrijden:v
rondrijd	rondrijden:v
rondreed	rondrijden:v
rondrijdt	rondrijden:v
rondreden	rondrijden:v
rondrijdend	rondrijden:v
rondgereden	rondrijden:v
langsrij	langsrijden:v
langsrijd	langsrijden:v
langsreed	langsrijden:v
langsrijdt	langsrijden:v
langsreden	langsrijden:v
langsrijdend	langsrijden:v
langsgereden	langsrijden:v
terugrij	terugrijden:v
terugrijd	terugrijden:v
terugreed	terugrijden:v
terugrijdt	terugrijden:v
terugreden	terugrijden:v
terugrijdend	terugrijden:v
teruggereden	terugrijden:v
vluchtmisdrijven	vluchtmisdrijf:n
zwakkelingen	zwakkeling:n
zwakkelingetje	zwakkeling:n
invoeg	invoegen:v
invoegde	invoegen:v
invoegt	invoegen:v
invoegden	invoegen:v
invoegend	invoegen:v
ingevoegd	invoegen:v
vrijwillig	vrijwilligen:v
vrijwilligde	vrijwilligen:v
vrijwilligt	vrijwilligen:v
vrijwilligden	vrijwilligen:v
vrijwilligend	vrijwilligen:v
gevrijwilligd	vrijwilligen:v
koeterwaal	koeterwalen:v
koeterwaalde	koeterwalen:v
koeterwaalt	koeterwalen:v
koeterwaalden	koeterwalen:v
koeterwalend	koeterwalen:v
gekoeterwaald	koeterwalen:v
filosofeer	filosoferen:v
filosofeerde	filosoferen:v
filosofeert	filosoferen:v
filosofeerden	filosoferen:v
filosoferend	filosoferen:v
gefilosofeerd	filosoferen:v
stommel	stommelen:v
stommelde	stommelen:v
stommelt	stommelen:v
stommelden	stommelen:v
stommelend	stommelen:v
gestommeld	stommelen:v
mekker	mekkeren:v
mekkerde	mekkeren:v
mekkert	mekkeren:v
mekkerden	mekkeren:v
mekkerend	mekkeren:v
gemekkerd	mekkeren:v
stuuds	stuud:n
stuudje	stuud:n
ongebreidelder	ongebreideld:a
ongebreideldst	ongebreideld:a
ongebreidelde	ongebreideld:a
ongebreideldere	ongebreideld:a
ongebreideldste	ongebreideld:a
onversaagder	onversaagd:a
onversaagdst	onversaagd:a
onversaagde	onversaagd:a
onversaagdere	onversaagd:a
onversaagdste	onversaagd:a
Facebookers	Facebooker:n
quizvragen	quizvraag:n
quizvraagje	quizvraag:n
E:	edele:n
H.r	heer:n
H:r	heer:n
p.r	per:p
p:r	per:p
mobilofoons	mobilofoon:n
d.o	dito:a
mess:rs	mess:r:n
kwebbelkousen	kwebbelkous:n
kwebbelkousje	kwebbelkous:n
o.s	oost:d
n.d	noord:d
snater	snateren:v
snaterde	snateren:v
snatert	snateren:v
snaterden	snateren:v
snaterend	snateren:v
gesnaterd	snateren:v
uitstrijkjes	uitstrijkje:n
zomergasten	zomergast:n
zomergastje	zomergast:n
wintergasten	wintergast:n
wintergastje	wintergast:n
broedvogellen	broedvogel:n
broedvogeltje	broedvogel:n
doortrekkers	doortrekker:n
doortrekkertje	doortrekker:n
deeltrekkers	deeltrekker:n
deeltrekkertje	deeltrekker:n
koekie	koekje:n
rampgebieden	rampgebied:n
Brazilie	Brazilië:m
geboortelanden	geboorteland:n
geboortelandje	geboorteland:n
rechtenstudenten	rechtenstudent:n
rechtenstudentje	rechtenstudent:n
terechtkan	terechtkunnen:v
terechtkon	terechtkunnen:v
terechtkunt	terechtkunnen:v
terechtkonden	terechtkunnen:v
terechtkunnend	terechtkunnen:v
terechtgekund	terechtkunnen:v
samenzijntje	samenzijn:n
diskjockeys	diskjockey:n
diskjockeytje	diskjockey:n
studentenverenigingen	studentenvereniging:n
studentenverenigingetje	studentenvereniging:n
complicaties	complicatie:n
complicatietje	complicatie:n
Eerw.	eerwaard:a
edelheden	edelheid:n
gl.	gulden:n
krooneenden	krooneend:n
krooneendje	krooneend:n
fourageren	foerageren:v
grondeleenden	grondeleend:n
grondeleendje	grondeleend:n
zwemeenden	zwemeend:n
zwemeendje	zwemeend:n
duikeenden	duikeend:n
duikeendje	duikeend:n
takke-einden	takke-eind:n
soepeenden	soepeend:n
soepeendje	soepeend:n
synapsen	synaps:n
synapsje	synaps:n
appelvinken	appelvink:n
appelvinkje	appelvink:n
koereigers	koereiger:n
koereigertje	koereiger:n
meissie	meisje:n
vrijthoven	vrijthof:n
zaagbekken	zaagbek:n
zaagbekje	zaagbek:n
rietzangers	rietzanger:n
rietzangertje	rietzanger:n
Weense	Weens:a
Weners	Wener:n
Weensen	Weense:n
rietgorzen	rietgors:n
rietgorsje	rietgors:n
karekieten	karekiet:n
karekietje	karekiet:n
bosrietzangers	bosrietzanger:n
bosrietzangertje	bosrietzanger:n
bladkoningen	bladkoning:n
bladkoninkje	bladkoning:n
buffelkopeenden	buffelkopeend:n
buffelkopeendje	buffelkopeend:n
brilduikers	brilduiker:n
brilduikertje	brilduiker:n
grielen	griel:n
grieltje	griel:n
goudhanen	goudhaan:n
goudhaantje	goudhaan:n
alleenspraken	alleenspraak:n
alleenspraakje	alleenspraak:n
karaook	karaoken:v
karaookte	karaoken:v
karaookt	karaoken:v
karaookten	karaoken:v
karaokend	karaoken:v
gekaraookt	karaoken:v
veldiepen	veldiep:n
veldiepje	veldiep:n
geodriehoeken	geodriehoek:n
geodriehoekje	geodriehoek:n
loftuitingen	loftuiting:n
loftuitinkje	loftuiting:n
bosruiters	bosruiter:n
bosruitertje	bosruiter:n
groenpootruiters	groenpootruiter:n
groenpootruitertje	groenpootruiter:n
terekruiters	terekruiter:n
terekruitertje	terekruiter:n
poelruiters	poelruiter:n
poelruitertje	poelruiter:n
koperwieken	koperwiek:n
koperwiekje	koperwiek:n
kramsvogellen	kramsvogel:n
kramsvogeltje	kramsvogel:n
drerries	drerrie:n
drerrietje	drerrie:n
alexanderparkieten	alexanderparkiet:n
alexanderparkietje	alexanderparkiet:n
grasparkieten	grasparkiet:n
grasparkietje	grasparkiet:n
boompiepers	boompieper:n
boompiepertje	boompieper:n
duinpiepers	duinpieper:n
duinpiepertje	duinpieper:n
graspiepers	graspieper:n
graspiepertje	graspieper:n
oeverpiepers	oeverpieper:n
oeverpiepertje	oeverpieper:n
roodkeelpiepers	roodkeelpieper:n
roodkeelpiepertje	roodkeelpieper:n
waterpiepers	waterpieper:n
waterpiepertje	waterpieper:n
ijseenden	ijseend:n
ijseendje	ijseend:n
witoogeenden	witoogeend:n
witoogeendje	witoogeend:n
bronskopeenden	bronskopeend:n
bronskopeendje	bronskopeend:n
harlekijneenden	harlekijneend:n
harlekijneendje	harlekijneend:n
knobbeleenden	knobbeleend:n
knobbeleendje	knobbeleend:n
witkopeenden	witkopeend:n
witkopeendje	witkopeend:n
mandarijneenden	mandarijneend:n
mandarijneendje	mandarijneend:n
marmereenden	marmereend:n
marmereendeendje	marmereend:n
ringsnaveleenden	ringsnaveleend:n
ringsnaveleendje	ringsnaveleend:n
lepelbekeenden	lepelbekeend:n
lepelbekeendje	lepelbekeend:n
coromandeleenden	coromandeleend:n
coromandeleendje	coromandeleend:n
blauwvleugeltalingen	blauwvleugeltaling:n
blauwvleugeltalinkje	blauwvleugeltaling:n
kenschets	kenschetsen:v
kenschetste	kenschetsen:v
kenschetst	kenschetsen:v
kenschetsten	kenschetsen:v
kenschetsend	kenschetsen:v
gekenschetst	kenschetsen:v
kenschetsen	kenschets:n
carolina-eenden	carolina-eend:n
carolina-eendje	carolina-eend:n
zwartkopmeeuwen	zwartkopmeeuw:n
zwartkopmeeuwtje	zwartkopmeeuw:n
overslagen	overslag:n
overslagje	overslag:n
bijkolibries	bijkolibrie:n
bijkolibrietje	bijkolibrie:n
breedstaartkolibries	breedstaartkolibrie:n
breedstaartkolibrietje	breedstaartkolibrie:n
reuzenkolibries	reuzenkolibrie:n
reuzenkolibrietje	reuzenkolibrie:n
robijnkeelkolibries	robijnkeelkolibrie:n
robijnkeelkolibrietje	robijnkeelkolibrie:n
granaatkolibries	granaatkolibrie:n
granaatkolibrietje	granaatkolibrie:n
calliopekolibries	calliopekolibrie:n
calliopekolibrietje	calliopekolibrie:n
dwergkolibries	dwergkolibrie:n
dwergkolibrietje	dwergkolibrie:n
hommelkolibries	hommelkolibrie:n
hommelkolibrietje	hommelkolibrie:n
muskietkolibries	muskietkolibrie:n
muskietkolibrietje	muskietkolibrie:n
alpenkraaien	alpenkraai:n
alpenkraaitje	alpenkraai:n
alpenkauwen	alpenkauw:n
alpenkauwjte	alpenkauw:n
bergkraaien	bergkraai:n
bergkraaitje	bergkraai:n
drieteenstrandlopers	drieteenstrandloper:n
drieteenstrandlopertje	drieteenstrandloper:n
brandinglopers	brandingloper:n
brandinglopertje	brandingloper:n
kanoetstrandlopers	kanoetstrandloper:n
kanoetstrandlopertje	kanoetstrandloper:n
Alaskastrandlopers	Alaskastrandloper:n
Alaskastrandlopertje	Alaskastrandloper:n
alaskastrandloper	Alaskastrandloper:n
jan-van-genten	jan-van-gent:n
jan-van-gents	jan-van-gent:n
jan-van-gentje	jan-van-gent:n
toppereenden	toppereend:n
toppereendje	toppereend:n
purperkoeten	purperkoet:n
purperkoetje	purperkoet:n
grijskoppurperkoeten	grijskoppurperkoet:n
grijskoppurperkoetje	grijskoppurperkoet:n
smaragdpurperkoeten	smaragdpurperkoet:n
smaragdpurperkoetje	smaragdpurperkoet:n
knobbelmeerkoeten	knobbelmeerkoet:n
knobbelmeerkoetje	knobbelmeerkoet:n
hoornkoeten	hoornkoet:n
hoornkoetje	hoornkoet:n
zuidereilandtakahe's	zuidereilandtakahe:n
zuidereilandkiwi's	zuidereilandkiwi:n
zuidereilandkiwietje	zuidereilandkiwi:n
troepialen	troepiaal:n
troepiaaltje	troepiaal:n
paradijscasarca's	paradijscasarca:n
paradijscasarcaatje	paradijscasarca:n
kokardezaagbekken	kokardezaagbek:n
kokardezaagbekje	kokardezaagbek:n
kantoortijgers	kantoortijger:n
kantoortijgertje	kantoortijger:n
besmijt	besmijten:v
besmeet	besmijten:v
besmeten	besmijten:v
besmijtend	besmijten:v
beblaas	beblazen:v
beblies	beblazen:v
beblaast	beblazen:v
bebliezen	beblazen:v
beblazend	beblazen:v
beslink	beslinken:v
beslonk	beslinken:v
beslinkt	beslinken:v
beslonken	beslinken:v
beslinkend	beslinken:v
beschuil	beschuilen:v
beschool	beschuilen:v
beschuilt	beschuilen:v
bescholen	beschuilen:v
beschuilend	beschuilen:v
beschrik	beschrikken:v
beschrikte	beschrikken:v
beschrikt	beschrikken:v
beschrikten	beschrikken:v
beschrikkend	beschrikken:v
berijf	berijven:v
bereef	berijven:v
berijft	berijven:v
bereven	berijven:v
berijvend	berijven:v
berijfde	berijven:v
berijfden	berijven:v
berijfd	berijven:v
bekrijs	bekrijsen:v
bekrees	bekrijsen:v
bekrijst	bekrijsen:v
bekresen	bekrijsen:v
bekrijsend	bekrijsen:v
poelepetaten	poelepetaat:n
poelepetaatje	poelepetaat:n
poelepetaan	poelepetaat:n
gierparelhoenders	gierparelhoen:n
gierparelhoentje	gierparelhoen:n
helmparelhoenders	helmparelhoen:n
helmparelhoentje	helmparelhoen:n
kalkoenparelhoenders	kalkoenparelhoen:n
kalkoenparelhoentje	kalkoenparelhoen:n
kuifparelhoenders	kuifparelhoen:n
kuifparelhoentje	kuifparelhoen:n
kuifaalscholvers	kuifaalscholver:n
kuifaalscholvertje	kuifaalscholver:n
witborstaalscholvers	witborstaalscholver:n
witborstaalscholvertje	witborstaalscholver:n
roodpootaalscholvers	roodpootaalscholver:n
roodpootaalscholvertje	roodpootaalscholver:n
verzwik	verzwikken:v
verzwikte	verzwikken:v
verzwikt	verzwikken:v
verzwikten	verzwikken:v
verzwikkend	verzwikken:v
bigua-aalscholvers	bigua-aalscholver:n
bigua-aalscholvertje	bigua-aalscholver:n
dwergaalscholvers	dwergaalscholver:n
dwergaalscholvertje	dwergaalscholver:n
matzes	matze:n
matzetje	matze:n
matzeballen	matzebal:n
matzeballetje	matzebal:n
matsebal	matzebal:n
Zaandammers	Zaandammer:n
Zaandammertje	Zaandammer:n
groentetuinen	groentetuin:n
groentetuintje	groentetuin:n
verlieslatender	verlieslatend:a
verlieslatendst	verlieslatend:a
verlieslatende	verlieslatend:a
verlieslatendere	verlieslatend:a
verlieslatendste	verlieslatend:a
fascinerender	fascinerend:a
fascinerendst	fascinerend:a
fascinerendere	fascinerend:a
fascinerendste	fascinerend:a
onderbenut	onderbenutten:v
onderbenutte	onderbenutten:v
onderbenuttend	onderbenutten:v
kroeskoppelikanen	kroeskoppelikaan:n
kroeskoppelikaantje	kroeskoppelikaan:n
amsterdamalbatrossen	amsterdamalbatros:n
amsterdamalbatrosje	amsterdamalbatros:n
reuzenalbatrossen	reuzenalbatros:n
reuzenalbatrosje	reuzenalbatros:n
klapeksters	klapekster:n
klapekstertje	klapekster:n
ondertekenaars	ondertekenaar:n
verzekeringnemers	verzekeringnemer:n
opkrijg	opkrijgen:v
opkreeg	opkrijgen:v
opkrijgt	opkrijgen:v
opkregen	opkrijgen:v
opkrijgend	opkrijgen:v
opgekregen	opkrijgen:v
zandplaten	zandplaat:n
zandplaatje	zandplaat:n
wereldreizigers	wereldreiziger:n
wereldreizigertje	wereldreiziger:n
groepsreizen	groepsreis:n
groepsreisje	groepsreis:n
vulvalippen	vulvalip:n
vulvalipje	vulvalip:n
sneeuwgorzen	sneeuwgors:n
sneeuwgorsje	sneeuwgors:n
miemels	miemel:n
miemeltje	miemel:n
ortolanen	ortolaan:n
ortolaantje	ortolaan:n
zwartkopgorzen	zwartkopgors:n
zwartkopgorsje	zwartkopgors:n
witkopgorzen	witkopgors:n
witkopgorsje	witkopgors:n
toendragorzen	toendragors:n
toendragorsje	toendragors:n
maskergorzen	maskergors:n
maskergorsje	maskergors:n
kattiger	kattig:a
kattigst	kattig:a
kattigere	kattig:a
kattigste	kattig:a
boomvalken	boomvalk:n
boomvalkje	boomvalk:n
lannervalken	lannervalk:n
lannervalkje	lannervalk:n
braamsluipers	braamsluiper:n
braamsluipertje	braamsluiper:n
metapopulaties	metapopulatie:n
metapopulatietje	metapopulatie:n
zwartsnavelooievaars	zwartsnavelooievaar:n
herwilder	herwilderen:v
herwilderde	herwilderen:v
herwildert	herwilderen:v
herwilderden	herwilderen:v
herwilderend	herwilderen:v
herwilderd	herwilderen:v
herwilderingen	herwildering:n
herwilderinkje	herwildering:n
voedselpiramiden	voedselpiramide:n
voedselpiramides	voedselpiramide:n
pioniersoorten	pioniersoort:n
pioniersoortje	pioniersoort:n
vleugen	vleug:n
vleugje	vleug:n
shutterbomen	shutterboom:n
shutterboompje	shutterboom:n
ringel-essen	ringel-s:n
ringel-esje	ringel-s:n
Hanzeaat	hanzeaat:n
hanzeatische	hanzeatisch:a
draaihalzen	draaihals:n
draaihalsje	draaihals:n
grijskopspechten	grijskopspecht:n
grijskopspechtje	grijskopspecht:n
pijlstaarten	pijlstaart:n
pijlstaartje	pijlstaart:n
pijlstaarteenden	pijlstaarteend:n
pijlstaarteendje	pijlstaarteend:n
Odjern	Audierne:m
ontsnipperingen	ontsnippering:n
ontsnipper	ontsnipperen:v
ontsnipperde	ontsnipperen:v
ontsnippert	ontsnipperen:v
ontsnipperden	ontsnipperen:v
ontsnipperend	ontsnipperen:v
ontsnipperd	ontsnipperen:v
habitatfragmentaties	habitatfragmentatie:n
habitatversnipperingen	habitatversnippering:n
lammergieren	lammergier:n
lammergiertje	lammergier:n
witsterblauwborsten	witsterblauwborst:n
witsterblauwborstje	witsterblauwborst:n
roodsterblauwborsten	roodsterblauwborst:n
roodsterblauwborstje	roodsterblauwborst:n
alpengierzwaluwen	alpengierzwaluw:n
alpengierzwaluwtje	alpengierzwaluw:n
superorden	superorde:n
superordes	superorde:n
superordetje	superorde:n
onderorden	onderorde:n
onderordes	onderorde:n
onderordetje	onderorde:n
infraorden	infraorde:n
infraordes	infraorde:n
infraordetje	infraorde:n
parvorden	parvorde:n
parvordes	parvorde:n
parvordetje	parvorde:n
volleyballetje	volleybal:n
cashte	cashen:v
casht	cashen:v
cashten	cashen:v
cashend	cashen:v
gecasht	cashen:v
kuifduikers	kuifduiker:n
kuifduikertje	kuifduiker:n
geslachtengroepen	geslachtengroep:n
geslachtengroepje	geslachtengroep:n
infraklassen	infraklasse:n
infraklasses	infraklasse:n
infraklassetje	infraklasse:n
ondergeslachten	ondergeslacht:n
aanstotelijker	aanstotelijk:a
aanstotelijkst	aanstotelijk:a
aanstotelijke	aanstotelijk:a
aanstotelijkere	aanstotelijk:a
aanstotelijkste	aanstotelijk:a
betreurlijker	betreurlijk:a
betreurlijkst	betreurlijk:a
citroenvlinders	citroenvlinder:n
citroenvlindertje	citroenvlinder:n
treinkaartjes	treinkaartje:n
blijdelijker	blijdelijk:a
blijdelijkst	blijdelijk:a
blijdelijke	blijdelijk:a
blijdelijkere	blijdelijk:a
blijdelijkste	blijdelijk:a
witjes	witje:n
distelvlinders	distelvlinder:n
distelvlindertje	distelvlinder:n
boomblauwtjes	boomblauwtje:n
pimpernelblauwtjes	pimpernelblauwtje:n
dwergblauwtjes	dwergblauwtje:n
gentiaanblauwtjes	gentiaanblauwtje:n
duingentiaanblauwtjes	duingentiaanblauwtje:n
heidegentiaanblauwtjes	heidegentiaanblauwtje:n
geraniumblauwtjes	geraniumblauwtje:n
klaverblauwtjes	klaverblauwtje:n
staartblauwtjes	staartblauwtje:n
tijgerblauwtjes	tijgerblauwtje:n
veenbesblauwtjes	veenbesblauwtje:n
zandblauwtjes	zandblauwtje:n
isobaren	isobaar:n
isopleten	isopleet:n
isochoren	isochoor:n
isobaten	isobaat:n
isohyeten	isohyeet:n
huiskraaien	huiskraai:n
huiskraaitje	huiskraai:n
kruisbekken	kruisbek:n
kruisbekje	kruisbek:n
witbandkruisbekken	witbandkruisbek:n
witbandkruisbekje	witbandkruisbek:n
non-descripter	non-descript:a
non-descriptst	non-descript:a
non-descripte	non-descript:a
non-descriptere	non-descript:a
non-descriptste	non-descript:a
predeer	prederen:v
predeerde	prederen:v
predeert	prederen:v
predeerden	prederen:v
prederend	prederen:v
gepredeerd	prederen:v
sprinkhaanzangers	sprinkhaanzanger:n
sprinkhaanzangertje	sprinkhaanzanger:n
spotvogels	spotvogel:n
spotvogeltje	spotvogel:n
zwarthalszwanen	zwarthalszwaan:n
oeverzwaluwen	oeverzwaluw:n
oeverzwaluwtje	oeverzwaluw:n
spotlijsters	spotlijster:n
spotlijstertje	spotlijster:n
goudlijsters	goudlijster:n
goudlijstertje	goudlijster:n
roodkopklauwiers	roodkopklauwier:n
roodkopklauwiertje	roodkopklauwier:n
lachsterns	lachstern:n
lachsternen	lachstern:n
lachsterntje	lachstern:n
reuzensterns	reuzenstern:n
reuzensternen	reuzenstern:n
reuzensterntje	reuzenstern:n
vuurgoudhanen	vuurgoudhaan:n
vuurgoudhaantje	vuurgoudhaan:n
rietganzen	rietgans:n
rietgansje	rietgans:n
trappel	trappelen:v
trappelde	trappelen:v
trappelt	trappelen:v
trappelden	trappelen:v
trappelend	trappelen:v
getrappeld	trappelen:v
toendrarietganzen	toendrarietgans:n
toendrarietgansje	toendrarietgans:n
energiewaarden	energiewaarde:n
energiewaardes	energiewaarde:n
energiewaardetje	energiewaarde:n
schakelwagens	schakelwagen:n
schakelwagentje	schakelwagen:n
bodemkaarten	bodemkaart:n
bodemkaartje	bodemkaart:n
schuifbalken	schuifbalk:n
schuifbalkje	schuifbalk:n
wapendrachten	wapendracht:n
ontvangstcomités	ontvangstcomité:n
ontvangstcomiteetje	ontvangstcomité:n
roodstaarten	roodstaart:n
roodstaartje	roodstaart:n
alarmsystemen	alarmsysteem:n
alarmsysteempje	alarmsysteem:n
gekraagde	gekraagd:a
regenwulpen	regenwulp:n
regenwulpje	regenwulp:n
gemakkelijkheidsoplossingen	gemakkelijkheidsoplossing:n
twitch	twitchen:v
twitchte	twitchen:v
twitcht	twitchen:v
twitchten	twitchen:v
twitchend	twitchen:v
getwitcht	twitchen:v
vogel	vogelen:v
vogelde	vogelen:v
vogelt	vogelen:v
vogelden	vogelen:v
vogelend	vogelen:v
gevogeld	vogelen:v
kalenderjaren	kalenderjaar:n
gelijkbenige	gelijkbenig:a
plas-drassen	plas-dras:n
plas-drasje	plas-dras:n
steenlopers	steenloper:n
steenlopertje	steenloper:n
katuilen	katuil:n
katuiltje	katuil:n
ruigpootbuizerds	ruigpootbuizerd:n
ruigpootbuizerdje	ruigpootbuizerd:n
krombekstrandlopers	krombekstrandloper:n
krombekstrandlopertje	krombekstrandloper:n
groenvinken	groenvink:n
groenvinkje	groenvink:n
waterspreeuwen	waterspreeuw:n
waterspreeuwtje	waterspreeuw:n
rotsduiven	rotsduif:n
rotsduifje	rotsduif:n
manenduiven	manenduif:n
manenduifje	manenduif:n
withalsvliegenvangers	withalsvliegenvanger:n
withalsvliegenvangertje	withalsvliegenvanger:n
ijsduikers	ijsduiker:n
ijsduikertje	ijsduiker:n
kersendieven	kersendief:n
kersendiefje	kersendief:n
stormvogeltjes	stormvogeltje:n
aert	aard:n
leeraar	leraar:n
leeraer	leraar:n
leraer	leraar:n
Bataafsch	Bataafs:a
Bataefsch	Bataafs:a
naeuwkeurig	nauwkeurig:a
leeven	leven:v|leven:n
koleuren	kleuren:v
coleur	kleur:n
koleur	kleur:n
loffelijker	loffelijk:a
loffelijkst	loffelijk:a
loffelijke	loffelijk:a
loffelijkere	loffelijk:a
loffelijkste	loffelijk:a
prijzenswaardiger	prijzenswaardig:a
prijzenswaardigst	prijzenswaardig:a
prijzenswaardige	prijzenswaardig:a
prijzenswaardigere	prijzenswaardig:a
prijzenswaardigste	prijzenswaardig:a
maetschapy	maatschappij:n
maetschappy	maatschappij:n
maetschappij	maatschappij:n
maetschap	maatschap:n
leeurik	leeuwerik:n
leeuwrik	leeuwerik:n
lewerik	leeuwerik:n
leewerik	leeuwerik:n
meirkoet	meerkoet:n
aekster	ekster:n
aexter	ekster:n
slootmussen	slootmus:n
huishoenders	huishoen:n
huishoentje	huishoen:n
convergeer	convergeren:v
convergeerde	convergeren:v
convergeert	convergeren:v
convergeerden	convergeren:v
convergerend	convergeren:v
geconvergeerd	convergeren:v
notenkrakers	notenkraker:n
notenkrakertje	notenkraker:n
ooruilen	ooruil:n
ooruiltje	ooruil:n
dwergooruilen	dwergooruil:n
dwergooruiltje	dwergooruil:n
franjepoten	franjepoot:n
franjepootje	franjepoot:n
zilverplevieren	zilverplevier:n
zilverpleviertje	zilverplevier:n
roodhalsfuten	roodhalsfuut:n
roodhalsfuutje	roodhalsfuut:n
zilverfuten	zilverfuut:n
zilverfuutje	zilverfuut:n
atitlanfuten	atitlanfuut:n
atitlanfuutje	atitlanfuut:n
dikbekfuten	dikbekfuut:n
dikbekfuutje	dikbekfuut:n
porseleinhoenders	porseleinhoen:n
porseleinhoentje	porseleinhoen:n
pijlstormvogels	pijlstormvogel:n
pijlstormvogeltje	pijlstormvogel:n
schaarbekken	schaarbek:n
schaarbekje	schaarbek:n
noordser	noords:a
noordst	noords:a
noordse	noords:a
noordsere	noords:a
noordste	noords:a
izabeltortels	izabeltortel:n
izabeltorteltje	izabeltortel:n
obeser	obees:a
obeest	obees:a
obese	obees:a
obesere	obees:a
obeeste	obees:a
torenuilen	torenuil:n
torenuiltje	torenuil:n
oranje-uilen	oranje-uil:n
oranje-uiltje	oranje-uil:n
dwergmeeuwen	dwergmeeuw:n
dwergmeeuwtje	dwergmeeuw:n
witstuitbarmsijzen	witstuitbarmsijs:n
witstuitbarmsijsje	witstuitbarmsijs:n
citroensijzen	citroensijs:n
citroensijsje	citroensijs:n
stormmeeuwen	stormmeeuw:n
stormmeeuwtje	stormmeeuw:n
rouwkwikstaarten	rouwkwikstaart:n
rouwkwikstaartje	rouwkwikstaart:n
steppekiekendieven	steppekiekendief:n
steppekiekendiefje	steppekiekendief:n
witwangsterns	witwangstern:n
witwangsternen	witwangstern:n
witwangsterntje	witwangstern:n
roodhalsganzen	roodhalsgans:n
roodhalsgansje	roodhalsgans:n
zwaanganzen	zwaangans:n
zwaangansje	zwaangans:n
onredelijker	onredelijk:a
onredelijkst	onredelijk:a
onredelijke	onredelijk:a
onredelijkere	onredelijk:a
onredelijkste	onredelijk:a
haeir	haar:n
schollevaer	schollevaar:n
aelscholver	aalscholver:n
divergeer	divergeren:v
divergeerde	divergeren:v
divergeert	divergeren:v
divergeerden	divergeren:v
divergerend	divergeren:v
gedivergeerd	divergeren:v
convergenties	convergentie:n
convergentietje	convergentie:n
divergenties	divergentie:n
divergentietje	divergentie:n
personeelskamers	personeelskamer:n
personeelskamertje	personeelskamer:n
havikarenden	havikarend:n
havikarendje	havikarend:n
witbuikrotganzen	witbuikrotgans:n
witbuikrotgansje	witbuikrotgans:n
zwartbuikrotganzen	zwartbuikrotgans:n
zwartbuikrotgansje	zwartbuikrotgans:n
medereizigers	medereiziger:n
droogneuk	droogneuken:v
droogneukte	droogneuken:v
droogneukt	droogneuken:v
droogneukten	droogneuken:v
droogneukend	droogneuken:v
gedroogneukt	droogneuken:v
dwerggorzen	dwerggors:n
dwerggorsje	dwerggors:n
graszangers	graszanger:n
graszangertje	graszanger:n
buidelmezen	buidelmees:n
buidelmeesje	buidelmees:n
boszangers	boszanger:n
boszangertje	boszanger:n
frankolijnen	frankolijn:n
frankolijntje	frankolijn:n
sloors	sloor:n
nieuwsbladen	nieuwsblad:n
nieuwsblaadje	nieuwsblad:n
hemelgeiten	hemelgeit:n
hemelgeitje	hemelgeit:n
steppekieviten	steppekievit:n
steppekievitje	steppekievit:n
eikapsels	eikapsel:n
eikapseltje	eikapsel:n
qualle	kwal:n
haarkwallen	haarkwal:n
haarkwalletje	haarkwal:n
oorkwallen	oorkwal:n
oorkwalletje	oorkwal:n
schuimalgen	schuimalg:n
schuimalgje	schuimalg:n
iconischer	iconisch:a
iconische	iconisch:a
iconischere	iconisch:a
amfidromische	amfidromisch:a
amfidromieën	amfidromie:n
dwergganzen	dwerggans:n
dwerggansje	dwerggans:n
speurwerken	speurwerk:n
speurwerkje	speurwerk:n
halfganzen	halfgans:n
halfgansje	halfgans:n
opdroog	opdrogen:v
opdroogde	opdrogen:v
opdroogt	opdrogen:v
opdroogden	opdrogen:v
opdrogend	opdrogen:v
opgedroogd	opdrogen:v
drieteenmeeuwen	drieteenmeeuw:n
drieteenmeeuwtje	drieteenmeeuw:n
geelpootmeeuwen	geelpootmeeuw:n
lachmeeuwen	lachmeeuw:n
lachmeeuwtje	lachmeeuw:n
biopten	biopt:n
bioptje	biopt:n
roodkeelduikers	roodkeelduiker:n
roodkeelduikertje	roodkeelduiker:n
arendbuizerds	arendbuizerd:n
arendbuizerdje	arendbuizerd:n
schaamsoorten	schaamsoort:n
schaamsoortje	schaamsoort:n
scharrelaars	scharrelaar:n
scharrelaartje	scharrelaar:n
vloedvlakten	vloedvlakte:n
vloedvlaktes	vloedvlakte:n
vloedvlaktetje	vloedvlakte:n
inlaagdijken	inlaagdijk:n
inlaagdijkje	inlaagdijk:n
inlagen	inlaag:n
inlaagje	inlaag:n
bosmuizen	bosmuis:n
bosmuisje	bosmuis:n
geelhalsbosmuizen	geelhalsbosmuis:n
geelhalsbosmuisje	geelhalsbosmuis:n
waterspitsmuizen	waterspitsmuis:n
waterspitsmuisje	waterspitsmuis:n
dwergspitsmuizen	dwergspitsmuis:n
dwergspitsmuisje	dwergspitsmuis:n
bosspitsmuizen	bosspitsmuis:n
bosspitsmuisje	bosspitsmuis:n
huisspitsmuizen	huisspitsmuis:n
huisspitsmuisje	huisspitsmuis:n
veldspitsmuizen	veldspitsmuis:n
veldspitsmuisje	veldspitsmuis:n
boosdoender	boosdoener:n
doender	doener:n
veehouwer	veehouder:n
puntlipneushoorns	puntlipneushoorn:n
puntlipneushoorntje	puntlipneushoorn:n
breedlipneushoorns	breedlipneushoorn:n
breedlipneushoorntje	breedlipneushoorn:n
pantserneushoorns	pantserneushoorn:n
pantserneushoorntje	pantserneushoorn:n
morinelplevieren	morinelplevier:n
morinelpleviertje	morinelplevier:n
middelste	middelst:a
teunisbloemen	teunisbloem:n
teunisbloempje	teunisbloem:n
anticipeer	anticiperen:v
anticipeerde	anticiperen:v
anticipeert	anticiperen:v
anticipeerden	anticiperen:v
anticiperend	anticiperen:v
geanticipeerd	anticiperen:v
fluiteenden	fluiteend:n
fluiteendje	fluiteend:n
boomeenden	boomeend:n
boomeendje	boomeend:n
eksterganzen	ekstergans:n
ekstergansje	ekstergans:n
eendvogels	eendvogel:n
eendvogeltje	eendvogel:n
eendachtige	eendachtig:a
eendachtigen	eendachtige:n
eendachtiger	eendachtig:a
eendachtigst	eendachtig:a
eendachtigere	eendachtig:a
eendachtigste	eendachtig:a
hoenderkoeten	hoenderkoet:n
hoenderkoetje	hoenderkoet:n
anioema's	anioema:n
anioemaatje	anioema:n
hoornhoenderkoeten	hoornhoenderkoet:n
hoornhoenderkoetje	hoornhoenderkoet:n
knievallen	knieval:n
benijdenswaardiger	benijdenswaardig:a
benijdenswaardigst	benijdenswaardig:a
benijdenswaardige	benijdenswaardig:a
benijdenswaardigere	benijdenswaardig:a
benijdenswaardigste	benijdenswaardig:a
autosomaler	autosomaal:a
autosomale	autosomaal:a
autosomalere	autosomaal:a
autosomaalste	autosomaal:a
autosomen	autosoom:n
autosoompje	autosoom:n
kuifhoenderkoeten	kuifhoenderkoet:n
kuifhoenderkoetje	kuifhoenderkoet:n
witwanghoenderkoeten	witwanghoenderkoet:n
witwanghoenderkoetje	witwanghoenderkoet:n
valkparkieten	valkparkiet:n
valkparkietje	valkparkiet:n
raafkaketoes	raafkaketoe:n
raafkaketoetje	raafkaketoe:n
geeloograafkaketoes	geeloograafkaketoe:n
geeloograafkaketoetje	geeloograafkaketoe:n
kortsnavelraafkaketoes	kortsnavelraafkaketoe:n
kortsnavelraafkaketoetje	kortsnavelraafkaketoe:n
langsnavelraafkaketoes	langsnavelraafkaketoe:n
langsnavelraafkaketoetje	langsnavelraafkaketoe:n
roodstaartraafkaketoes	roodstaartraafkaketoe:n
roodstaartraafkaketoetje	roodstaartraafkaketoe:n
palmkaketoes	palmkaketoe:n
palmkaketoetje	palmkaketoe:n
geelkuifkaketoes	geelkuifkaketoe:n
geelkuifkaketoetje	geelkuifkaketoe:n
citroenkuifkaketoes	citroenkuifkaketoe:n
citroenkuifkaketoetje	citroenkuifkaketoe:n
molukkenkaketoes	molukkenkaketoe:n
molukkenkaketoetje	molukkenkaketoe:n
blauwoogkaketoes	blauwoogkaketoe:n
blauwoogkaketoetje	blauwoogkaketoe:n
naaktoogkaketoes	naaktoogkaketoe:n
naaktoogkaketoetje	naaktoogkaketoe:n
langsnavelkaketoes	langsnavelkaketoe:n
langsnavelkaketoetje	langsnavelkaketoe:n
helmkaketoes	helmkaketoe:n
helmkaketoetje	helmkaketoe:n
incakaketoes	incakaketoe:n
incakaketoetje	incakaketoe:n
kakatoe	kaketoe:n
overanalyseer	overanalyseren:v
overanalyseerde	overanalyseren:v
overanalyseert	overanalyseren:v
overanalyseerden	overanalyseren:v
overanalyserend	overanalyseren:v
geoveranalyseerd	overanalyseren:v
roezemoes	roezemoezen:v
roezemoesde	roezemoezen:v
roezemoest	roezemoezen:v
roezemoesden	roezemoezen:v
roezemoezend	roezemoezen:v
geroezemoesd	roezemoezen:v
raafparkieten	raafparkiet:n
raafparkietje	raafparkiet:n
blauwgeler	blauwgeel:a
blauwgeelst	blauwgeel:a
blauwgele	blauwgeel:a
geelvleugelara's	geelvleugelara:n
geelvleugelaraatje	geelvleugelara:n
bokraven	bokraaf:n
bokraafje	bokraaf:n
blauwkeelara's	blauwkeelara:n
blauwkeelaraatje	blauwkeelara:n
blauwkopara's	blauwkopara:n
blauwkoparaatje	blauwkopara:n
dwergara's	dwergara:n
dwergaraatje	dwergara:n
geelnekara's	geelnekara:n
geelnekaraatje	geelnekara:n
groenvleugelara's	groenvleugelara:n
groenvleugelaraatje	groenvleugelara:n
soldatenara's	soldatenara:n
soldatenaraatje	soldatenara:n
appelwangen	appelwang:n
appelwangetje	appelwang:n
roodbuikara's	roodbuikara:n
roodbuikaraatje	roodbuikara:n
roodschouderara's	roodschouderara:n
roodschouderaraatje	roodschouderara:n
roodwangara's	roodwangara:n
roodwangaraatje	roodwangara:n
ringsnavelmeeuwen	ringsnavelmeeuw:n
ringsnavelmeeuwtje	ringsnavelmeeuw:n
skorro's	skorro:n
skorrootje	skorro:n
feetirannen	feetiran:n
feetirannetje	feetiran:n
elzenfeetirannen	elzenfeetiran:n
elzenfeetirannetje	elzenfeetiran:n
koningstirannen	koningstiran:n
koningstirannetje	koningstiran:n
vorkstaartkoningstirannen	vorkstaartkoningstiran:n
vorkstaartkoningstirannetje	vorkstaartkoningstiran:n
savannahgorzen	savannahgors:n
savannahgorsje	savannahgors:n
roodbekwevers	roodbekwever:n
roodbekwevertje	roodbekwever:n
aanmeldingen	aanmelding:n
strooper	stroper:n
pooi	pooien:v
pooide	pooien:v
pooit	pooien:v
pooiden	pooien:v
pooiend	pooien:v
gepooid	pooien:v
cirlgorzen	cirlgors:n
cirlgorsje	cirlgors:n
mantichora's	mantichora:n
klabakkariummen	klabakkarium:n
commissariaten	commissariaat:n
commissariaatje	commissariaat:n
drogisterijen	drogisterij:n
drogisterijtje	drogisterij:n
drogisten	drogist:n
broeieriger	broeierig:a
broeierigst	broeierig:a
broeierige	broeierig:a
broeierigere	broeierig:a
broeierigste	broeierig:a
voorbijkruip	voorbijkruipen:v
voorbijkroop	voorbijkruipen:v
voorbijkruipt	voorbijkruipen:v
voorbijkropen	voorbijkruipen:v
voorbijkruipend	voorbijkruipen:v
voorbijgekropen	voorbijkruipen:v
fijnmaziger	fijnmazig:a
fijnmazigst	fijnmazig:a
fijnmazige	fijnmazig:a
fijnmazigere	fijnmazig:a
fijnmazigste	fijnmazig:a
grofmaziger	grofmazig:a
grofmazigst	grofmazig:a
grofmazige	grofmazig:a
grofmazigere	grofmazig:a
grofmazigste	grofmazig:a
autotrofe	autotroof:a
autotrofen	autotroof:n
autotroofje	autotroof:n
bliksemoffensieven	bliksemoffensief:n
charmeoffensieven	charmeoffensief:n
schubbenpantsers	schubbenpantser:n
heremietibissen	heremietibis:n
heremietibisje	heremietibis:n
kaalkopibissen	kaalkopibis:n
kaalkopibisje	kaalkopibis:n
fasant	fazant:n
koefnoens	koefnoen:n
koefnoentje	koefnoen:n
goeans	goean:n
grootkapitalisten	grootkapitalist:n
grootkapitalistje	grootkapitalist:n
tenenkrommender	tenenkrommend:a
tenenkrommendst	tenenkrommend:a
tenenkrommende	tenenkrommend:a
tenenkrommendere	tenenkrommend:a
tenenkrommendste	tenenkrommend:a
tenenkrullender	tenenkrullend:a
tenenkrullendst	tenenkrullend:a
tenenkrullende	tenenkrullend:a
tenenkrullendere	tenenkrullend:a
tenenkrullendste	tenenkrullend:a
aangetrouwde	aangetrouwd:a
aangehuwde	aangehuwd:a
acteerlessen	acteerles:n
acteer	acteren:v
acteerde	acteren:v
acteert	acteren:v
acteerden	acteren:v
acterend	acteren:v
geacteerd	acteren:v
aardbollen	aardbol:n
aardbolletje	aardbol:n
afscheidskussen	afscheidskus:n
afscheidskusje	afscheidskus:n
aanstellerijen	aanstellerij:n
achterbanken	achterbank:n
achterbankje	achterbank:n
afpersers	afperser:n
raadszendboden	raadszendbode:n
groepseks	groepsseks:n
groepssex	groepsseks:n
groepsex	groepsseks:n
drein	dreinen:v
dreinde	dreinen:v
dreint	dreinen:v
dreinden	dreinen:v
dreinend	dreinen:v
gedreind	dreinen:v
uitdagers	uitdager:n
uitdagertje	uitdager:n
auto-ongelukken	auto-ongeluk:n
auto-ongelukje	auto-ongeluk:n
snotteriger	snotterig:a
snotterigst	snotterig:a
snotterige	snotterig:a
snotterigere	snotterig:a
snotterigste	snotterig:a
stekelstaarten	stekelstaart:n
stekelstaartje	stekelstaart:n
spraakwatertje	spraakwater:n
danswatertje	danswater:n
pauwogen	pauwoog:n
pauwoogje	pauwoog:n
dagpauwogen	dagpauwoog:n
dagpauwoogje	dagpauwoog:n
breedbekstrandlopers	breedbekstrandloper:n
breedbekstrandlopertje	breedbekstrandloper:n
qualiteit	kwaliteit:n
kwalitatieve	kwalitatief:a
kwantitatieve	kwantitatief:a
quantiteit	kwantiteit:n
zeslingen	zesling:n
zeslingetje	zesling:n
zevenlingen	zevenling:n
zevenlingetje	zevenling:n
achtlingen	achtling:n
achtlingetje	achtling:n
negenlingen	negenling:n
negenlingetje	negenling:n
tienlingen	tienling:n
tienlingetje	tienling:n
cerviducten	cerviduct:n
cerviductje	cerviduct:n
spoorbloemen	spoorbloem:n
spoorbloempje	spoorbloem:n
rumbussen	rumbus:n
rumbusje	rumbus:n
boemerangkinderen	boemerangkind:n
boemerangkindje	boemerangkind:n
elimineer	elimineren:v
elimineerde	elimineren:v
elimineert	elimineren:v
elimineerden	elimineren:v
eliminerend	elimineren:v
geëlimineerd	elimineren:v
congrueer	congrueren:v
congrueerde	congrueren:v
congrueert	congrueren:v
congrueerden	congrueren:v
congruerend	congrueren:v
gecongrueerd	congrueren:v
renspinnen	renspin:n
renspinnetje	renspin:n
geelbandhoningeters	geelbandhoningeter:n
geelbandhoningetertje	geelbandhoningeter:n
honingeters	honingeter:n
honingetertje	honingeter:n
zadelruggen	zadelrug:n
zadelruggetje	zadelrug:n
zadelrugje	zadelrug:n
wiedeser	wiedes:a
wiedest	wiedes:a
wiedese	wiedes:a
dunbekwulpen	dunbekwulp:n
dunbekwulpje	dunbekwulp:n
purperzwaluwen	purperzwaluw:n
purperzwaluwtje	purperzwaluw:n
roodstuitzwaluwen	roodstuitzwaluw:n
roodstuitzwaluwtje	roodstuitzwaluw:n
reducties	reductie:n
reductietje	reductie:n
tongel	tongelen:v
tongelde	tongelen:v
tongelt	tongelen:v
tongelden	tongelen:v
tongelend	tongelen:v
getongeld	tongelen:v
Eritresen	Eritrese:n
strakjes	straks:d
dalijk	dadelijk:d
actreutels	actreutel:n
actreuteltje	actreutel:n
harske	hartstikke:d
wiebeliger	wiebelig:a
wiebeligst	wiebelig:a
wiebelige	wiebelig:a
wiebeligere	wiebelig:a
wiebeligste	wiebelig:a
ongelukkigs	ongelukkig:a
ongelukkigers	ongelukkig:a
lelkraanvogels	lelkraanvogel:n
lelkraanvogeltje	lelkraanvogel:n
jufferkraanvogels	jufferkraanvogel:n
jufferkraanvogeltje	jufferkraanvogel:n
verkanker	verkankeren:v
verkankerde	verkankeren:v
verkankert	verkankeren:v
verkankerden	verkankeren:v
verkankerend	verkankeren:v
verkankerd	verkankeren:v
aaibaarheidsgehaltes	aaibaarheidsgehalte:n
aaibaarheidsgehalten	aaibaarheidsgehalte:n
aaibaarheidsgehaltetje	aaibaarheidsgehalte:n
aalbestanden	aalbestand:n
aalbestandjes	aalbestand:n
aalstanden	aalstand:n
aalstandjes	aalstand:n
verkankelemienen	verkankeren:v
afrondingen	afronding:n
afrondinkje	afronding:n
afrondfouten	afrondfout:n
afrondfoutje	afrondfout:n
polymorfemische	polymorfemisch:a
squashte	squashen:v
squasht	squashen:v
squashten	squashen:v
squashend	squashen:v
gesquasht	squashen:v
steppehoenders	steppehoen:n
steppehoenderen	steppehoen:n
steppehoentje	steppehoen:n
aalvisserijen	aalvisserij:n
aalvisserijtje	aalvisserij:n
aanbeen	aanbenen:v
aanbeende	aanbenen:v
aanbeent	aanbenen:v
aanbeenden	aanbenen:v
aanbenend	aanbenen:v
aangebeend	aanbenen:v
aaltjessoorten	aaltjessoort:n
aaltjessoortje	aaltjessoort:n
aandachtsgeiler	aandachtsgeil:a
aandachtsgeilst	aandachtsgeil:a
aandachtsgeile	aandachtsgeil:a
aandachtsgeilere	aandachtsgeil:a
aandachtsgeilste	aandachtsgeil:a
ankeil	ankeilen:v
ankeilde	ankeilen:v
ankeilt	ankeilen:v
ankeilden	ankeilen:v
ankeilend	ankeilen:v
angekeild	ankeilen:v
affecties	affectie:n
fransozen	fransoos:n
fransoosje	fransoos:n
aanbeetje	aanbeet:n
aanberm	aanbermen:v
aanbermde	aanbermen:v
aanbermt	aanbermen:v
aanbermden	aanbermen:v
aanbermend	aanbermen:v
aangebermd	aanbermen:v
aanbelang	aanbelangen:v
aanbelangde	aanbelangen:v
aanbelangt	aanbelangen:v
aanbelangden	aanbelangen:v
aanbelangend	aanbelangen:v
aanbelangd	aanbelangen:v
smeerwortels	smeerwortel:n
smeerworteltje	smeerwortel:n
procrastineer	procrastineren:n
procrastineerde	procrastineren:n
procrastineert	procrastineren:n
procrastineerden	procrastineren:n
procrastinerend	procrastineren:n
geprocrastineerd	procrastineren:n
industriegebieden	industriegebied:n
industriegebiedje	industriegebied:n
zakenreizen	zakenreis:n
zakenreisje	zakenreis:n
informatietechnologieën	informatietechnologie:n
werkervaringen	werkervaring:n
scheggen	scheg:n
schegje	scheg:n
herderstasjes	herderstasje:n
jadders	jadder:n
jaddertje	jadder:n
wsl	waarschijnlijk:d
zuringen	zuring:n
zurinkje	zuring:n
ridderzuringen	ridderzuring:n
ridderzurinkje	ridderzuring:n
waterzuringen	waterzuring:n
waterzurinkje	waterzuring:n
zwaardheriken	zwaardherik:n
walstrootje	walstro:n
steenbreken	steenbreek:n
steenbreekje	steenbreek:n
knolsteenbreken	knolsteenbreek:n
knolsteenbreekje	knolsteenbreek:n
ongezelliger	ongezellig:a
ongezelligst	ongezellig:a
ongezellige	ongezellig:a
ongezelligere	ongezellig:a
ongezelligste	ongezellig:a
steenbreekvarens	steenbreekvaren:n
steenbreekvarentje	steenbreekvaren:n
fijnstralen	fijnstraal:n
fijnstraaltje	fijnstraal:n
muurfijnstralen	muurfijnstraal:n
muurfijnstraaltje	muurfijnstraal:n
alleniger	allenig:a
allenigst	allenig:a
prachtkleden	prachtkleed:n
prachtkleedje	prachtkleed:n
roodpootvalken	roodpootvalk:n
roodpootvalkje	roodpootvalk:n
feeërieks	feeëriek:a
feeëriekers	feeëriek:a
sleedoornen	sleedoorn:n
sleedoorns	sleedoorn:n
sleedoorntje	sleedoorn:n
mangrovereigers	mangrovereiger:n
mangrovereigertje	mangrovereiger:n
leeuwenbekken	leeuwenbek:n
leeuwenbekje	leeuwenbek:n
muurleeuwenbekken	muurleeuwenbek:n
muurleeuwenbekje	muurleeuwenbek:n
diagonaaltjes	diagonaaltje:n
koeltoer	cultuur:n
grijsbokken	grijsbok:n
grijsbokje	grijsbok:n
steenbokantilopen	steenbokantilope:n
steenbokantilopes	steenbokantilope:n
steenbokantiloopje	steenbokantilope:n
holenzwaluwen	holenzwaluw:n
holenzwaluwtje	holenzwaluw:n
bergbeekeenden	bergbeekeend:n
bergbeekeendje	bergbeekeend:n
hottentottalingen	hottentottaling:n
hottentottalinkje	hottentottaling:n
kaneeltalingen	kaneeltaling:n
kaneeltalinkje	kaneeltaling:n
gevlekter	gevlekt:a
gevlektst	gevlekt:a
gevlekte	gevlekt:a
gevlektere	gevlekt:a
gevlektste	gevlekt:a
wenkbrauweenden	wenkbrauweend:n
wenkbrauweendje	wenkbrauweend:n
klaverzuringen	klaverzuring:n
klaverzurinkje	klaverzuring:n
gehoornde	gehoornd:a
zwanenbloemen	zwanenbloem:n
zwanenbloempje	zwanenbloem:n
zwanenbloemetje	zwanenbloem:n
klifzwaluwen	klifzwaluw:n
klifzwaluwtje	klifzwaluw:n
goudhaantjes	goudhaantje:n
rozemarijngoudhaantjes	rozemarijngoudhaantje:n
biggekruid	biggenkruid:n
kruipertjes	kruipertje:n
gevoelswaarden	gevoelswaarde:n
gevoelswaardes	gevoelswaarde:n
waarheidswaarden	waarheidswaarde:n
waarheidswaardes	waarheidswaarde:n
duinrozen	duinroos:n
duinroosje	duinroos:n
sint-jacobsvlinders	sint-jacobsvlinder:n
sint-jacobsvlindertje	sint-jacobsvlinder:n
voortleef	voortleven:v
voortleefde	voortleven:v
voortleeft	voortleven:v
voortleefden	voortleven:v
voortlevend	voortleven:v
voortgeleefd	voortleven:v
soelaes	soelaas:n
broodkruimels	broodkruimel:n
broodkruimeltje	broodkruimel:n
persoonsverheerlijkingen	persoonsverheerlijking:n
verheerlijkingen	verheerlijking:n
slangekruid	slangenkruid:n
bijvoeten	bijvoet:n
bijvoetje	bijvoet:n
absintalsems	absintalsem:n
koekoeksbloemen	koekoeksbloem:n
koekoeksbloempje	koekoeksbloem:n
koekoeksbloemetje	koekoeksbloem:n
avondkoekoeksbloemen	avondkoekoeksbloem:n
avondkoekoeksbloempje	avondkoekoeksbloem:n
avondkoekoeksbloemetje	avondkoekoeksbloem:n
nachtkoekoeksbloemen	nachtkoekoeksbloem:n
nachtkoekoeksbloempje	nachtkoekoeksbloem:n
nachtkoekoeksbloemetje	nachtkoekoeksbloem:n
blaassilenes	blaassilene:n
blaassilenen	blaassilene:n
vogelkijkhutten	vogelkijkhut:n
vogelkijkhutje	vogelkijkhut:n
kijkhutten	kijkhut:n
kijkhutje	kijkhut:n
johanneskevers	johanneskever:n
johanneskevertje	johanneskever:n
frambozenkevers	frambozenkever:n
frambozenkevertje	frambozenkever:n
biotopen	biotoop:n
biotoopje	biotoop:n
ecotopen	ecotoop:n
ecotoopje	ecotoop:n
veldzuringen	veldzuring:n
veldzurinkje	veldzuring:n
ratelaars	ratelaar:n
ratelaartje	ratelaar:n
ossenstaarten	ossenstaart:n
ossenstaartje	ossenstaart:n
ossentongen	ossentong:n
ossentongetje	ossentong:n
akeleien	akelei:n
akeleitje	akelei:n
wondklavers	wondklaver:n
wondklavertje	wondklaver:n
jeugdherinneringen	jeugdherinnering:n
jeugdherinneringetje	jeugdherinnering:n
vossenbessen	vossenbes:n
vossenbesje	vossenbes:n
Ghanesen	Ghanese:n
d:o	dito:d
afleggersverenigingen	afleggersvereniging:n
langverwachte	langverwacht:a
roeispanen	roeispaan:n
roeispaantje	roeispaan:n
Libiërs	Libiër:n
Libiërtje	Libiër:n
Marokkaansen	Marokkaanse:n
sporenkieviten	sporenkievit:n
sporenkievitje	sporenkievit:n
stadsfietsen	stadsfiets:n
tegelwip	tegelwippen:v
tegelwipte	tegelwippen:v
tegelwipt	tegelwippen:v
tegelwipten	tegelwippen:v
tegelwippend	tegelwippen:v
getegelwipt	tegelwippen:v
contaminaties	contaminatie:n
contaminatietje	contaminatie:n
kandelaartoortsen	kandelaartoorts:n
kandelaartoortsje	kandelaartoorts:n
tuinreseda's	tuinreseda:n
tuinresedaatje	tuinreseda:n
muurslaatje	muursla:n
muurpepers	muurpeper:n
muurpepertje	muurpeper:n
wetgevende	wetgevend:a
wetgevend	wetgeven:v
kaaljakkers	kaaljakker:n
kaaljakkertje	kaaljakker:n
kuierlatten	kuierlat:n
kuierlatje	kuierlat:n
nakketikkers	nakketikker:n
nakketikkertje	nakketikker:n
rechterlijker	rechterlijk:a
rechterlijkst	rechterlijk:a
rechterlijke	rechterlijk:a
rechterlijkere	rechterlijk:a
rechterlijkste	rechterlijk:a
geïrriteerder	geïrriteerd:a
geïrriteerdst	geïrriteerd:a
geïrriteerde	geïrriteerd:a
geïrriteerdere	geïrriteerd:a
geïrriteerdste	geïrriteerd:a
peetmoeders	peetmoeder:n
peetmoedertje	peetmoeder:n
paaswaken	paaswake:n
paaswakes	paaswake:n
innovatiever	innovatief:a
innovatiefst	innovatief:a
innovatieve	innovatief:a
innovatievere	innovatief:a
innovatiefste	innovatief:a
connecties	connectie:n
connectietje	connectie:n
multitask	multitasken:v
multitaskte	multitasken:v
multitaskt	multitasken:v
multitaskten	multitasken:v
multitaskend	multitasken:v
gemultitaskt	multitasken:v
regulierder	regulier:a
regulierst	regulier:a
regulierdere	regulier:a
regulierste	regulier:a
negativiteiten	negativiteit:n
levensreddende	levensreddend:a
privétijden	privétijd:n
dienstverlenender	dienstverlenend:a
dienstverlenendst	dienstverlenend:a
dienstverlenende	dienstverlenend:a
dienstverlenendere	dienstverlenend:a
dienstverlenendste	dienstverlenend:a
computerschermen	computerscherm:n
computerschermpje	computerscherm:n
dienstverlenends	dienstverlenend:a
dienstverlenenders	dienstverlenend:a
doorbloedingen	doorbloeding:n
beoordelingsgesprekken	beoordelingsgesprek:n
onderuitga	onderuitgaan:v
onderuitging	onderuitgaan:v
onderuitgaat	onderuitgaan:v
onderuitgingen	onderuitgaan:v
onderuitgaand	onderuitgaan:v
onderuitgegaan	onderuitgaan:v
reguleer	reguleren:v
reguleerde	reguleren:v
reguleert	reguleren:v
reguleerden	reguleren:v
regulerend	reguleren:v
gereguleerd	reguleren:v
barbeknoei	barbeknoeien:v
barbeknoeide	barbeknoeien:v
barbeknoeit	barbeknoeien:v
barbeknoeiden	barbeknoeien:v
barbeknoeiend	barbeknoeien:v
gebarbeknoeid	barbeknoeien:v
lepelbladen	lepelblad:n
lepelblaadje	lepelblad:n
alamen	alaam:n
opbreek	opbreken:v
opbrak	opbreken:v
opbreekt	opbreken:v
opbraken	opbreken:v
opbrekend	opbreken:v
opgebroken	opbreken:v
haarkleuren	haarkleur:n
haarkleurtje	haarkleur:n
huidskleuren	huidskleur:n
huidskleurtje	huidskleur:n
aberraties	aberratie:n
Soedanesen	Soedanese:n
oogkleuren	oogkleur:n
oogkleurtje	oogkleur:n
kurkeiken	kurkeik:n
kurkeikje	kurkeik:n
eenheidscirkels	eenheidscirkel:n
eenheidscirkeltje	eenheidscirkel:n
biets	bietsen:v
bietste	bietsen:v
bietst	bietsen:v
bietsten	bietsen:v
bietsend	bietsen:v
gebietst	bietsen:v
paneer	paneren:v
paneerde	paneren:v
paneert	paneren:v
paneerden	paneren:v
panerend	paneren:v
gepaneerd	paneren:v
houtblaasinstrumenten	houtblaasinstrument:n
houtblaasinstrumentje	houtblaasinstrument:n
meldkamers	meldkamer:n
gestructureerder	gestructureerd:a
gestructureerdst	gestructureerd:a
gestructureerde	gestructureerd:a
gestructureerdere	gestructureerd:a
gestructureerdste	gestructureerd:a
fascinaties	fascinatie:n
boekrollen	boekrol:n
boekrolletje	boekrol:n
schriftrollen	schriftrol:n
schriftrolletje	schriftrol:n
woordvolgorden	woordvolgorde:n
woordvolgordes	woordvolgorde:n
sibibusi's	sibibusi:n
treurmaina's	treurmaina:n
treurmainaatje	treurmaina:n
Armeniërs	Armeniër:n
Armeniërtje	Armeniër:n
Armeensen	Armeense:n
shortstays	shortstay:n
bijgedachten	bijgedachte:n
conculega's	conculega:n
conculegaatje	conculega:n
permitteer	permitteren:v
permitteerde	permitteren:v
permitteert	permitteren:v
permitteerden	permitteren:v
permitterend	permitteren:v
gepermitteerd	permitteren:v
profileer	profileren:v
profileerde	profileren:v
profileert	profileren:v
profileerden	profileren:v
profilerend	profileren:v
geprofileerd	profileren:v
enkelsteenser	enkelsteens:a
enkelsteenst	enkelsteens:a
enkelsteense	enkelsteens:a
enkelsteensere	enkelsteens:a
enkelsteenste	enkelsteens:a
heruitzend	heruitzenden:v
heruitzond	heruitzenden:v
heruitzendt	heruitzenden:v
heruitzonden	heruitzenden:v
heruitzendend	heruitzenden:v
heruitgezonden	heruitzenden:v
wyck	wijk:n
onbespeelbaarder	onbespeelbaar:a
onbespeelbaarst	onbespeelbaar:a
onbespeelbare	onbespeelbaar:a
onbespeelbaardere	onbespeelbaar:a
onbespeelbaarste	onbespeelbaar:a
sibiboesi's	sibiboesi:n
Iersen	Ierse:n
Luxemburgsen	Luxemburgse:n
contractbreuken	contractbreuk:n
Kazakse	Kazachse:n
Kazachsen	Kazachse:n
vleugelloze	vleugelloos:a
buitensporigetekortenprocedures	buitensporigetekortenprocedure:n
dotter	dotteren:v
dotterde	dotteren:v
dottert	dotteren:v
dotterden	dotteren:v
dotterend	dotteren:v
gedotterd	dotteren:v
animaties	animatie:n
animatietje	animatie:n
reanimaties	reanimatie:n
reanimatietje	reanimatie:n
absenties	absentie:n
absentietje	absentie:n
suggesties	suggestie:n
suggestietje	suggestie:n
animeer	animeren:v
animeerde	animeren:v
animeert	animeren:v
animeerden	animeren:v
animerend	animeren:v
geanimeerd	animeren:v
zoutmeren	zoutmeer:n
zoutmeertje	zoutmeer:n
realisaties	realisatie:n
realisatietje	realisatie:n
transacties	transactie:n
transactietje	transactie:n
kolenverslavingen	kolenverslaving:n
kolenverslavinkje	kolenverslaving:n
kopvoeters	kopvoeter:n
kopvoetertje	kopvoeter:n
koppoters	koppoter:n
koppotertje	koppoter:n
cappu	cappuccino:n
havercappuccino's	havercappuccino:n
havercappuccinootje	havercappuccino:n
havercappu	havercappuccino:n
taalmodellen	taalmodel:n
onwijzer	onwijs:a
onwijst	onwijs:a
onwijze	onwijs:a
onwijzere	onwijs:a
onwijste	onwijs:a
randstedelijke	randstedelijk:a
gasontploffingen	gasontploffing:n
terughoudender	terughoudend:a
terughoudendst	terughoudend:a
terughoudende	terughoudend:a
terughoudendere	terughoudend:a
terughoudendste	terughoudend:a
Luxemburgertje	Luxemburger:m
jongvolwassenen	jongvolwassene:n
wegrot	wegrotten:v
wegrotte	wegrotten:v
wegrottend	wegrotten:v
weggerot	wegrotten:v
smaakmakers	smaakmaker:n
smaakmakertje	smaakmaker:n
Noorsen	Noorse:n
Roemenen	Roemeen:n
Roemeentje	Roemeen:n
bilateraler	bilateraal:a
bilaterale	bilateraal:a
bilateralere	bilateraal:a
bilateraalste	bilateraal:a
bilateralen	bilateraal:n
bilateraaltje	bilateraal:n
roepia's	roepia:n
bremrapen	bremraap:n
bremraapje	bremraap:n
letterzet	letterzetten:v
letterzette	letterzetten:v
letterzettend	letterzetten:v
geletterzet	letterzetten:v
letterzetters	letterzetter:n
letterzettertje	letterzetter:n
antikapitalisten	antikapitalist:n
antikapitalistje	antikapitalist:n
mediteer	mediteren:v
mediteerde	mediteren:v
mediteert	mediteren:v
mediteerden	mediteren:v
mediterend	mediteren:v
gemediteerd	mediteren:v
mysterieuzer	mysterieus:a
mysterieust	mysterieus:a
mysterieuze	mysterieus:a
mysterieuzere	mysterieus:a
mysterieuste	mysterieus:a
Belgradoërs	Belgradoër:n
Belgradoërtje	Belgradoër:n
Belgradose	Belgradoos:a
klimwanden	klimwand:n
klimwandje	klimwand:n
klimmuren	klimmuur:n
klimmuurtje	klimmuur:n
klimrekken	klimrek:n
klimrekje	klimrek:n
voorwielen	voorwiel:n
voorwieltje	voorwiel:n
voorwieletje	voorwiel:n
achterwielen	achterwiel:n
achterwieltje	achterwiel:n
achterwieletje	achterwiel:n
Londenaars	Londenaar:n
Londensen	Londense:n
taalfouten	taalfout:n
taalfoutje	taalfout:n
sensueler	sensueel:a
sensueelst	sensueel:a
sensuele	sensueel:a
sensuelere	sensueel:a
sensueelste	sensueel:a
Suryoye	Suryoyo:n
vertrouwensbreuken	vertrouwensbreuk:n
dierenmarkten	dierenmarkt:n
autarkieën	autarkie:n
districtscommissarissen	districtscommissaris:n
herenigingen	hereniging:n
godsnamen	godsnaam:n
godsnaampje	godsnaam:n
Noord-Koreanen	Noord-Koreaan:n
Noord-Koreaantje	Noord-Koreaan:n
Noord-Koreaanse	Noord-Koreaans:a
zodeklokjes	zodeklokje:n
prachtklokjes	prachtklokje:n
akkerklokjes	akkerklokje:n
grasklokjes	grasklokje:n
roggelelies	roggelelie:n
roggelelietje	roggelelie:n
moerasvarens	moerasvaren:n
moerasvarentje	moerasvaren:n
bosvogels	bosvogel:n
bosvogelen	bosvogel:n
bosvogeltje	bosvogel:n
bosvogeltjes	bosvogeltje:n
onverrichter	onverricht:a
onverrichte	onverricht:a
goeder	goed:a
marjoleintje	marjolein:n
majoraantje	majoraan:n
zandkolen	zandkool:n
zandkooltje	zandkool:n
hauwen	hauw:n
hauwtje	hauw:n
kwezel	kwezelen:v
kwezelde	kwezelen:v
kwezelt	kwezelen:v
kwezelden	kwezelen:v
kwezelend	kwezelen:v
gekwezeld	kwezelen:v
commercialisaties	commercialisatie:n
scheerschuimpje	scheerschuim:n
arealen	areaal:n
areaaltje	areaal:n
moerasandijvies	moerasandijvie:n
moerasandijvietje	moerasandijvie:n
hazenpootje	hazenpoot:n
hazenpootjes	hazenpootje:n
hazenpoten	hazenpoot:n
geboortesteden	geboortestad:n
geboortestadje	geboortestad:n
eindgebruikers	eindgebruiker:n
klootzakkeriger	klootzakkerig:a
klootzakkerigst	klootzakkerig:a
klootzakkerige	klootzakkerig:a
klootzakkerigere	klootzakkerig:a
klootzakkerigste	klootzakkerig:a
gekkiger	gekkig:a
gekkigst	gekkig:a
gekkige	gekkig:a
gekkigere	gekkig:a
gekkigste	gekkig:a
schubvarens	schubvaren:n
schubvarentje	schubvaren:n
tongvarens	tongvaren:n
tongvarentje	tongvaren:n
muurvarens	muurvaren:n
muurvarentje	muurvaren:n
fosfenen	fosfeen:n
occultaties	occultatie:n
occultatietje	occultatie:n
servicestations	servicestation:n
klimopbremrapen	klimopbremraap:n
klimopbremraapje	klimopbremraap:n
schubwortels	schubwortel:n
schubworteltje	schubwortel:n
prachtschubwortels	prachtschubwortel:n
prachtschubworteltje	prachtschubwortel:n
lhbt's	lhbt:n
eendenbekken	eendenbek:n
eendenbekje	eendenbek:n
facultatieve	facultatief:a
facultaire	facultair:a
vrekkiger	vrekkig:a
vrekkigst	vrekkig:a
vrekkige	vrekkig:a
vrekkigere	vrekkig:a
vrekkigste	vrekkig:a
raaigrassen	raaigras:n
schriftgeleerden	schriftgeleerde:n
schilmesjes	schilmesje:n
veehoudsters	veehoudster:n
dichterbevolkt	dichtbevolkt:a
dichtstbevolkt	dichtbevolkt:a
dichtbevolkte	dichtbevolkt:a
dichterbevolkte	dichtbevolkt:a
dichtstbevolkte	dichtbevolkt:a
faliekante	faliekant:a
landbouwbedrijven	landbouwbedrijf:n
landbouwbedrijfje	landbouwbedrijf:n
krachtvoeren	krachtvoer:n
onschatbaarder	onschatbaar:a
onschatbaarst	onschatbaar:a
onschatbare	onschatbaar:a
onschatbaardere	onschatbaar:a
onschatbaarste	onschatbaar:a
geheimschrijvers	geheimschrijver:n
geheimschrijvertje	geheimschrijver:n
loogen	leugen:n
stofzaden	stofzaad:n
stofzaadje	stofzaad:n
saprofyten	saprofyt:n
waterrietzangers	waterrietzanger:n
waterrietzangertje	waterrietzanger:n
Tongaanse	Tongaans:a
Tongaansen	Tongaanse:n
Tonganen	Tongaan:n
egelantiers	egelantier:n
egelantiertje	egelantier:n
chamaefyten	chamaefyt:n
gametofyten	gametofyt:n
cryptofyten	cryptofyt:n
endofyten	endofyt:n
fanerofyten	fanerofyt:n
hemicryptofyten	hemicryptofyt:n
geofyten	geofyt:n
helofyten	helofyt:n
hygrofyten	hygrofyt:n
sporofyten	sporofyt:n
therofyten	therofyt:n
tjant	tjanten:v
tjantte	tjanten:v
tjantten	tjanten:v
tjantend	tjanten:v
getjant	tjanten:v
schrimp	schrimpen:v
schromp	schrimpen:v
schrimpt	schrimpen:v
schrompen	schrimpen:v
schrimpend	schrimpen:v
geschrompen	schrimpen:v
kruistekens	kruisteken:n
kruistekentje	kruisteken:n
Waddeneilanden	Waddeneiland:n
uitgaansleventje	uitgaansleven:n
duinviooltjes	duinviooltje:n
waddeneilanden	waddeneiland:n
waddeneilandje	waddeneiland:n
buigpunten	buigpunt:n
buigpuntje	buigpunt:n
opklaringen	opklaring:n
opklarinkje	opklaring:n
dagmerries	dagmerrie:n
dagmerrietje	dagmerrie:n
archeofyten	archeofyt:n
meisjesogen	meisjesoog:n
meisjesoogje	meisjesoog:n
gaslight	gaslighten:v
gaslightte	gaslighten:v
gaslightten	gaslighten:v
gaslightend	gaslighten:v
gegaslight	gaslighten:v
Jordaniërs	Jordaniër:n
Jordaniërtje	Jordaniër:n
plus	plussen:v
pluste	plussen:v
plust	plussen:v
plusten	plussen:v
plussend	plussen:v
geplust	plussen:v
schiftingsvragen	schiftingsvraag:n
schiftingsvraagje	schiftingsvraag:n
militariseringen	militarisering:n
x-aantallen	x-aantal:n
x-aantalletje	x-aantal:n
traineer	traineren:v
traineerde	traineren:v
traineert	traineren:v
traineerden	traineren:v
trainerend	traineren:v
getraineerd	traineren:v
gezelschapsdieren	gezelschapsdier:n
gezelschapsdiertje	gezelschapsdier:n
adventiever	adventief:a
adventieve	adventief:a
adventievere	adventief:a
adventiefste	adventief:a
adventieven	adventief:n
adventiefje	adventief:n
medestudenten	medestudent:n
medestudentje	medestudent:n
woladventieven	woladventief:n
podcast	podcasten:v
podcastte	podcasten:v
podcastten	podcasten:v
podcastend	podcasten:v
gepodcast	podcasten:v
ranonkels	ranonkel:n
ranonkeltje	ranonkel:n
ereprijzen	ereprijs:n
ereprijsje	ereprijs:n
lisdodden	lisdodde:n
lisdoddes	lisdodde:n
dodden	dodde:n
Libaneser	Libanees:a
Libaneest	Libanees:a
Libanezen	Libanees:n
pikketanissen	pikketanis:n
pikketanisje	pikketanis:n
pikketanus	pikketanis:n
vrijdagmiddagen	vrijdagmiddag:n
vrijdagmiddagje	vrijdagmiddag:n
uitstoters	uitstoter:n
deposities	depositie:n
vakjargons	vakjargon:n
landbouwgronden	landbouwgrond:n
veengebieden	veengebied:n
onduurzamer	onduurzaam:a
onduurzaamst	onduurzaam:a
onduurzame	onduurzaam:a
onduurzamere	onduurzaam:a
onduurzaamste	onduurzaam:a
bodemdalingen	bodemdaling:n
verzakkingen	verzakking:n
milieuregels	milieuregel:n
milieuregeltje	milieuregel:n
familiebedrijven	familiebedrijf:n
familiebedrijfje	familiebedrijf:n
speelgoedpaarden	speelgoedpaard:n
speelgoedpaardje	speelgoedpaard:n
uitkoop	uitkopen:v
uitkocht	uitkopen:v
uitkoopt	uitkopen:v
uitkochten	uitkopen:v
uitkopend	uitkopen:v
uitgekocht	uitkopen:v
aanlokkelijker	aanlokkelijk:a
aanlokkelijkst	aanlokkelijk:a
aanlokkelijke	aanlokkelijk:a
aanlokkelijkere	aanlokkelijk:a
aanlokkelijkste	aanlokkelijk:a
opboks	opboksen:v
opbokste	opboksen:v
opbokst	opboksen:v
opboksten	opboksen:v
opboksend	opboksen:v
opgebokst	opboksen:v
groeiprocessen	groeiproces:n
hoofdbestanddelen	hoofdbestanddeel:n
veenmoerassen	veenmoeras:n
afgravingen	afgraving:n
plantencellen	plantencel:n
plantencelletje	plantencel:n
plantenvoedingen	plantenvoeding:n
plantenresten	plantenrest:n
muggenlarven	muggenlarve:n
springstaarten	springstaart:n
springstaartje	springstaart:n
beerdiertjes	beerdiertje:n
uitpoep	uitpoepen:v
uitpoepte	uitpoepen:v
uitpoept	uitpoepen:v
uitpoepten	uitpoepen:v
uitpoepend	uitpoepen:v
uitgepoept	uitpoepen:v
microbiomen	microbioom:n
verteringskanalen	verteringskanaal:n
schimmeldraden	schimmeldraad:n
schimmeldraadje	schimmeldraad:n
schimmelnetwerken	schimmelnetwerk:n
verlengstukken	verlengstuk:n
verlengstukje	verlengstuk:n
bovengrondse	bovengronds:a
bodemdieren	bodemdier:n
bodemdiertje	bodemdier:n
landbouwgewassen	landbouwgewas:n
hongernegers	hongerneger:n
hongernegertje	hongerneger:n
beteuterde	beteuterd:a
alpenviooltjes	alpenviooltje:n
cyclaampje	cyclaam:n
violetters	violet:a
slangenhalsvogels	slangenhalsvogel:n
slangenhalsvogeltje	slangenhalsvogel:n
correleer	correleren:v
correleerde	correleren:v
correleert	correleren:v
correleerden	correleren:v
correlerend	correleren:v
gecorreleerd	correleren:v
klessebes	klessebessen:v
klessebeste	klessebessen:v
klessebest	klessebessen:v
klessebesten	klessebessen:v
klessebessend	klessebessen:v
geklessebest	klessebessen:v
laakbaarder	laakbaar:a
laakbaarst	laakbaar:a
laakbare	laakbaar:a
laakbaardere	laakbaar:a
laakbaarste	laakbaar:a
berispelijker	berispelijk:a
berispelijkst	berispelijk:a
berispelijke	berispelijk:a
berispelijkere	berispelijk:a
berispelijkste	berispelijk:a
pinaar	pinaren:v
pinaarde	pinaren:v
pinaart	pinaren:v
pinaarden	pinaren:v
pinarend	pinaren:v
gepinaard	pinaren:v
toet	toeten:v
toette	toeten:v
toetten	toeten:v
toetend	toeten:v
getoet	toeten:v
blubberde	blubberen:v
blubbert	blubberen:v
blubberden	blubberen:v
blubberend	blubberen:v
geblubberd	blubberen:v
ooievaarsbekken	ooievaarsbek:n
ooievaarsbekje	ooievaarsbek:n
reigersbekken	reigersbek:n
reigersbekje	reigersbek:n
afschat	afschatten:v
afschatte	afschatten:v
afschattend	afschatten:v
afgeschat	afschatten:v
duinreigersbekken	duinreigersbek:n
duinreigersbekje	duinreigersbek:n
beemdooievaarsbekken	beemdooievaarsbek:n
beemdooievaarsbekje	beemdooievaarsbek:n
aflast	aflasten:v|aflassen:v
aflastte	aflasten:v
aflastten	aflasten:v
aflastend	aflasten:v
aflaste	aflassen:v
aflasten	aflassen:v
aflassend	aflassen:v
smoorverliefde	smoorverliefd:a
geloofsgemeenschappen	geloofsgemeenschap:n
yahtzee	yahtzeeën:v
yahtzeede	yahtzeeën:v
yahtzeet	yahtzeeën:v
yahtzeeden	yahtzeeën:v
yahtzeeënd	yahtzeeën:v
geyahtzeed	yahtzeeën:v
viervlakken	viervlak:n
viervlakje	viervlak:n
krankheden	krankheid:n
heriken	herik:n
hederik	herik:n
knopheriken	knopherik:n
kaardenbollen	kaardenbol:n
kaardenbolletje	kaardenbol:n
wereldhoofdsteden	wereldhoofdstad:n
wereldhoofdstadje	wereldhoofdstad:n
Taiwaneser	Taiwanees:a
Taiwaneest	Taiwanees:a
Taiwanesere	Taiwanees:a
Taiwaneeste	Taiwanees:a
Taiwanezen	Taiwanees:n
Taiwaneesje	Taiwanees:n
weverskaarden	weverskaarde:n
beeldopnamen	beeldopname:n
beeldopnames	beeldopname:n
beeldopnametje	beeldopname:n
geluidsopnamen	geluidsopname:n
geluidsopnames	geluidsopname:n
geluidsopnametje	geluidsopname:n
schoonmaakmiddelen	schoonmaakmiddel:n
Japansen	Japanse:n
baatzuchtiger	baatzuchtig:a
baatzuchtigst	baatzuchtig:a
baatzuchtige	baatzuchtig:a
baatzuchtigere	baatzuchtig:a
baatzuchtigste	baatzuchtig:a
onbaatzuchtiger	onbaatzuchtig:a
onbaatzuchtigst	onbaatzuchtig:a
onbaatzuchtige	onbaatzuchtig:a
onbaatzuchtigere	onbaatzuchtig:a
onbaatzuchtigste	onbaatzuchtig:a
sukkelde	sukkelen:v
sukkelt	sukkelen:v
sukkelden	sukkelen:v
sukkelend	sukkelen:v
gesukkeld	sukkelen:v
prikneuzen	prikneus:n
prikneusje	prikneus:n
veenwortels	veenwortel:n
veenworteltje	veenwortel:n
reuzenberenklauwen	reuzenberenklauw:n
reuzenberenklauwtje	reuzenberenklauw:n
waterpepers	waterpeper:n
waterpepertje	waterpeper:n
hoogstwaarschijnlijker	hoogstwaarschijnlijk:a
hoogstwaarschijnlijkst	hoogstwaarschijnlijk:a
hoogstwaarschijnlijke	hoogstwaarschijnlijk:a
hoogstwaarschijnlijkere	hoogstwaarschijnlijk:a
hoogstwaarschijnlijkste	hoogstwaarschijnlijk:a
lazerijen	lazerij:n
lazerijtje	lazerij:n
naaldvarens	naaldvaren:n
naaldvarentje	naaldvaren:n
zwartstelen	zwartsteel:n
zwartsteeltje	zwartsteel:n
groenstelen	groensteel:n
groensteeltje	groensteel:n
streepvarens	streepvaren:n
streepvarentje	streepvaren:n
scheepsbouwmaatschappijen	scheepsbouwmaatschappij:n
scheepsbouwmaatschappijtje	scheepsbouwmaatschappij:n
bijenbroden	bijenbrood:n
bijenbroodje	bijenbrood:n
einzelgängers	einzelgänger:n
einzelgängertje	einzelgänger:n
badineer	badineren:v
badineerde	badineren:v
badineert	badineren:v
badineerden	badineren:v
badinerend	badineren:v
gebadineerd	badineren:v
personenmeerderheidsstelsels	personenmeerderheidsstelsel:n
stikstofgassen	stikstofgas:n
verzetsmannen	verzetsman:n
verzetsvrouwen	verzetsvrouw:n
verzetsstrijdsters	verzetsstrijdster:n
antistollingsmiddelen	antistollingsmiddel:n
dekstieren	dekstier:n
vlasbekjes	vlasbekje:n
voorbedachten	voorbedacht:a
voorbedachte	voorbedacht:a
transitioneler	transitioneel:a
transitionele	transitioneel:a
transitionelere	transitioneel:a
transitioneelste	transitioneel:a
herevalueer	herevalueren:v
herevalueerde	herevalueren:v
herevalueert	herevalueren:v
herevalueerden	herevalueren:v
herevaluerend	herevalueren:v
geherevalueerd	herevalueren:v
lintbloemen	lintbloem:n
lintbloempje	lintbloem:n
lintbloemetje	lintbloem:n
buisbloemen	buisbloem:n
buisbloempje	buisbloem:n
buisbloemetje	buisbloem:n
focaliseer	focaliseren:v
focaliseerde	focaliseren:v
focaliseert	focaliseren:v
focaliseerden	focaliseren:v
focaliserend	focaliseren:v
gefocaliseerd	focaliseren:v
focalisaties	focalisatie:n
focaliserings	focalisering:n
focalisatoren	focalisator:n
focalisators	focalisator:n
tobben	tobbe:n
tobbetje	tobbe:n
stobben	stobbe:n
stobbetje	stobbe:n
kruisbloemen	kruisbloem:n
kruisbloempje	kruisbloem:n
vleugeltjesbloemen	vleugeltjesbloem:n
vleugeltjesbloempje	vleugeltjesbloem:n
vleugeltjesbloemetje	vleugeltjesbloem:n
kuifvleugeltjesbloemen	kuifvleugeltjesbloem:n
kuifvleugeltjesbloempje	kuifvleugeltjesbloem:n
kuifvleugeltjesbloemetje	kuifvleugeltjesbloem:n
schutbladeren	schutblad:n
schutbladen	schutblad:n
schutblaadje	schutblad:n
rivierwateren	rivierwater:n
rivierwaters	rivierwater:n
ongezuiverde	ongezuiverd:a
gekwalificeerder	gekwalificeerd:a
gekwalificeerdst	gekwalificeerd:a
gekwalificeerde	gekwalificeerd:a
gekwalificeerdere	gekwalificeerd:a
gekwalificeerdste	gekwalificeerd:a
Utrechtser	Utrechts:a
Utrechtst	Utrechts:a
Utrechtse	Utrechts:a
Utrechtsere	Utrechts:a
Utrechtste	Utrechts:a
Utrechtsen	Utrechtse:n
darminfecties	darminfectie:n
waterzuiveringen	waterzuivering:n
waterrekeningen	waterrekening:n
Vinex-wijken	Vinex-wijk:n
Vinex-wijkje	Vinex-wijk:n
nieuwbouwwijken	nieuwbouwwijk:n
nieuwbouwwijkje	nieuwbouwwijk:n
stadsplanners	stadsplanner:n
keuringsinstituten	keuringsinstituut:n
milieuvoordelen	milieuvoordeel:n
waternetten	waternet:n
terwijlen	terwijl:c
badmintonrackets	badmintonracket:n
badmintonracketje	badmintonracket:n
tennisarmen	tennisarm:n
voetbalploegen	voetbalploeg:n
hockeyploegen	hockeyploeg:n
basketbalploegen	basketbalploeg:n
volleybalploegen	volleybalploeg:n
reddingsploegen	reddingsploeg:n
reserveploegen	reserveploeg:n
hulpploegen	hulpploeg:n
avondploegen	avondploeg:n
verwoven	verweven:v
dawen	dawenen:v
dawende	dawenen:v
dawent	dawenen:v
dawenden	dawenen:v
dawenend	dawenen:v
gedawend	dawenen:v
davenen	dawenen:v
minjaniem	minjan:n
minjans	minjan:n
minjannetje	minjan:n
kattendoorns	kattendoorn:n
kattendoorntje	kattendoorn:n
kattenstaarten	kattenstaart:n
kattenstaartje	kattenstaart:n
arbeidsongeschikte	arbeidsongeschikt:a
pof	poffen:v
pofte	poffen:v
poft	poffen:v
poften	poffen:v
poffend	poffen:v
gepoft	poffen:v
poffertjesporems	poffertjesporem:n
poffertjesporempje	poffertjesporem:n
zeebiezen	zeebies:n
zeebiesje	zeebies:n
zeedistels	zeedistel:n
zeedisteltje	zeedistel:n
rijksmonumenten	rijksmonument:n
vervoermiddel	vervoersmiddel:n
ongediplomeerde	ongediplomeerd:a
moerasanemonen	moerasanemoon:n
moerasanemoontje	moerasanemoon:n
lansvarens	lansvaren:n
lansvarentje	lansvaren:n
zwaardvarens	zwaardvaren:n
zwaardvarentje	zwaardvaren:n
ijzervarens	ijzervaren:n
ijzervarentje	ijzervaren:n
vliesvarens	vliesvaren:n
vliesvarentje	vliesvaren:n
lintvarens	lintvaren:n
lintvarentje	lintvaren:n
proleten	proleet:n
proleetje	proleet:n
basioniemen	basioniem:n
basioniempje	basioniem:n
tekkel	teckel:n
please	pleasen:v
pleasede	pleasen:v
pleaset	pleasen:v
pleaseden	pleasen:v
pleasend	pleasen:v
gepleased	pleasen:v
kringverjaardagen	kringverjaardag:n
kringverjaardagje	kringverjaardag:n
dupeer	duperen:v
dupeerde	duperen:v
dupeert	duperen:v
dupeerden	duperen:v
duperend	duperen:v
gedupeerd	duperen:v
reuzenreigers	reuzenreiger:n
reuzenreigertje	reuzenreiger:n
goliathreigers	goliathreiger:n
goliathreigertje	goliathreiger:n
Atreïden	Atreïde:n
bedenksels	bedenksel:n
bedenkseltje	bedenksel:n
geaderde	geaderd:a
dorstlessender	dorstlessend:a
dorstlessendst	dorstlessend:a
dorstlessende	dorstlessend:a
dorstlessendere	dorstlessend:a
dorstlessendste	dorstlessend:a
ganzenvoeten	ganzenvoet:n
ganzenvoetje	ganzenvoet:n
tweezaadlobbigen	tweezaadlobbige:n
melganzenvoeten	melganzenvoet:n
melganzenvoetje	melganzenvoet:n
muurganzenvoeten	muurganzenvoet:n
muurganzenvoetje	muurganzenvoet:n
boomspinazies	boomspinazie:n
meristemen	meristeem:n
meristeempje	meristeem:n
duizendbladen	duizendblad:n
duizendblaadje	duizendblad:n
geslachtsorganen	geslachtsorgaan:n
oorontstekingen	oorontsteking:n
oorontstekingetje	oorontsteking:n
oorontstekinkje	oorontsteking:n
schabbiger	schabbig:a
schabbigst	schabbig:a
schabbige	schabbig:a
schabbigere	schabbig:a
schabbigste	schabbig:a
kreitsen	kreits:n
wettig	wettigen:v
wettigde	wettigen:v
wettigt	wettigen:v
wettigden	wettigen:v
wettigend	wettigen:v
gewettigd	wettigen:v
mesjoggenen	mesjoggene:n
negotiën	negotie:n
negoties	negotie:n
negotietje	negotie:n
tsjakka	tjakka:i
Thailandsen	Thailandse:n
borststemmen	borststem:n
borststemmetje	borststem:n
aanschafprijzen	aanschafprijs:n
aanhik	aanhikken:v
aanhikte	aanhikken:v
aanhikt	aanhikken:v
aanhikten	aanhikken:v
aanhikkend	aanhikken:v
aangehikt	aanhikken:v
opschaal	opschalen:v
opschaalde	opschalen:v
opschaalt	opschalen:v
opschaalden	opschalen:v
opschalend	opschalen:v
opgeschaald	opschalen:v
onnatuurlijker	onnatuurlijk:a
onnatuurlijkst	onnatuurlijk:a
onnatuurlijke	onnatuurlijk:a
onnatuurlijkere	onnatuurlijk:a
onnatuurlijkste	onnatuurlijk:a
aankoopprijzen	aankoopprijs:n
aankoopprijsje	aankoopprijs:n
ooftbomen	ooftboom:n
ooftboompje	ooftboom:n
31ste	eenendertigste:a
40ste	veertigste:a
41ste	eenenveertigste:a
50ste	vijftigste:a
60ste	zestigste:a
70ste	zeventigste:a
80ste	tachtigste:a
90ste	negentigste:a
100ste	honderdste:a
kersenpitten	kersenpit:n
kersenpitje	kersenpit:n
patserbakken	patserbak:n
patserbakje	patserbak:n
asobakken	asobak:n
asobakje	asobak:n
statusblikken	statusblik:n
statusblikje	statusblik:n
comporteer	comporteren:v
comporteerde	comporteren:v
comporteert	comporteren:v
comporteerden	comporteren:v
comporterend	comporteren:v
gecomporteerd	comporteren:v
galgjes	galgje:n
uitleveringen	uitlevering:n
hoedenplanken	hoedenplank:n
hoedenplankje	hoedenplank:n
ontleningen	ontlening:n
leenbetekenissen	leenbetekenis:n
kruissnelheden	kruissnelheid:n
kanshebbers	kanshebber:n
tegenvoorbeelden	tegenvoorbeeld:n
tegenvoorbeeldje	tegenvoorbeeld:n
gedupeerder	gedupeerd:a
gedupeerdst	gedupeerd:a
gedupeerde	gedupeerd:a
gedupeerdere	gedupeerd:a
gedupeerdste	gedupeerd:a
metaalbewerkingen	metaalbewerking:n
ontvolg	ontvolgen:v
ontvolgde	ontvolgen:v
ontvolgt	ontvolgen:v
ontvolgden	ontvolgen:v
ontvolgend	ontvolgen:v
ontvolgd	ontvolgen:v
positioneringen	positionering:n
infantiliseringen	infantilisering:n
bewolk	bewolken:v
bewolkt	bewolken:v
bewolkten	bewolken:v
bewolkend	bewolken:v
isomeren	isomeer:n
isomeertje	isomeer:n
isotopen	isotoop:n
isotoopje	isotoop:n
homogeniseringen	homogenisering:n
moraliseringen	moralisering:n
moraliserinkje	moralisering:n
gewetensangsten	gewetensangst:n
boetvaardiger	boetvaardig:a
boetvaardigst	boetvaardig:a
boetvaardige	boetvaardig:a
boetvaardigere	boetvaardig:a
boetvaardigste	boetvaardig:a
kieskeuriger	kieskeurig:a
kieskeurigst	kieskeurig:a
kieskeurige	kieskeurig:a
kieskeurigere	kieskeurig:a
kieskeurigste	kieskeurig:a
elimineringen	eliminering:n
trivialiseringen	trivialisering:n
gewetensvrijheden	gewetensvrijheid:n
zwemkommen	zwemkom:n
zwemkommetje	zwemkom:n
nestgeuren	nestgeur:n
nestgeurtje	nestgeur:n
verpats	verpatsen:v
verpatste	verpatsen:v
verpatst	verpatsen:v
verpatsten	verpatsen:v
verpatsend	verpatsen:v
groenhartvogels	groenhartvogel:n
groenhartvogeltje	groenhartvogel:n
kletter	kletteren:v
kletterde	kletteren:v
klettert	kletteren:v
kletterden	kletteren:v
kletterend	kletteren:v
gekletterd	kletteren:v
groenharten	groenhart:n
groenhartje	groenhart:n
sabeltandtijgers	sabeltandtijger:n
sabeltandtijgertje	sabeltandtijger:n
damesch	dame:n
verbrasen	verbrassen:v
verbras	verbrassen:v
verbraste	verbrassen:v
verbrast	verbrassen:v
verbrasten	verbrassen:v
verbrasend	verbrassen:v
tijgerlelies	tijgerlelie:n
tijgerlelietje	tijgerlelie:n
Hoogmadenaren	Hoogmadenaar:n
Hoogmadenaars	Hoogmadenaar:n
idolate	idolaat:a
haarlakken	haarlak:n
haarloze	haarloos:a
behaarder	behaard:a
behaardst	behaard:a
behaarde	behaard:a
behaardere	behaard:a
behaardste	behaard:a
borsthaartje	borsthaar:n
dinsdagmiddagen	dinsdagmiddag:n
dinsdagmiddagje	dinsdagmiddag:n
hulpverleningsvoertuigen	hulpverleningsvoertuig:n
hulpverleningen	hulpverlening:n
donderdagavonden	donderdagavond:n
donderdagavondje	donderdagavond:n
opendeurdagen	opendeurdag:n
opendeurdagje	opendeurdag:n
bankpassen	bankpas:n
bankpasje	bankpas:n
Gazanen	Gazaan:n
gevechtspauzen	gevechtspauze:n
gevechtspauzes	gevechtspauze:n
terreurdaden	terreurdaad:n
erectiestoornissen	erectiestoornis:n
erectiestoornisje	erectiestoornis:n
kutwijven	kutwijf:n
kutwijfje	kutwijf:n
kapotsla	kapotslaan:v
kapotsloeg	kapotslaan:v
kapotslaat	kapotslaan:v
kapotsloegen	kapotslaan:v
kapotslaand	kapotslaan:v
kapotgeslagen	kapotslaan:v
meekijk	meekijken:v
meekeek	meekijken:v
meekijkt	meekijken:v
meekeken	meekijken:v
meekijkend	meekijken:v
meegekeken	meekijken:v
gelukzoekers	gelukzoeker:n
klimaatdrammers	klimaatdrammer:n
klimaatdrammertje	klimaatdrammer:n
stereotieper	stereotiep:a
stereotiepst	stereotiep:a
stereotiepe	stereotiep:a
stereotiepere	stereotiep:a
stereotiepste	stereotiep:a
bloedirritanter	bloedirritant:a
bloedirritantst	bloedirritant:a
strontvervelende	strontvervelend:a
strontirritanter	strontirritant:a
strontirritantst	strontirritant:a
schildzaden	schildzaad:n
schildzaadje	schildzaad:n
zilverschildzaden	zilverschildzaad:n
zilverschildzaadje	zilverschildzaad:n
zinspeel	zinspelen:v
zinspeelde	zinspelen:v
zinspeelt	zinspelen:v
zinspeelden	zinspelen:v
zinspelend	zinspelen:v
gezinspeeld	zinspelen:v
zinspelingen	zinspeling:n
zinspelinkje	zinspeling:n
straalschermen	straalscherm:n
straalschermpje	straalscherm:n
Loegansk	Loehansk:m
Dnjepropetrovsk	Dnipropetrovsk:m
Tsjernigov	Tsjernihiv:m
Tsjernigof	Tsjernihiv:m
Rowno	Rivne:m
Volhynië	Wolynië:m
Karpatische	Karpatisch:a
plemp	plempen:v
plempte	plempen:v
plempt	plempen:v
plempten	plempen:v
plempend	plempen:v
geplempt	plempen:v
neerplemp	neerplempen:v
neerplempte	neerplempen:v
neerplempt	neerplempen:v
neerplempten	neerplempen:v
neerplempend	neerplempen:v
neergeplempt	neerplempen:v
ramptoeristen	ramptoerist:n
demoraliseringen	demoralisering:n
demoraliserinkje	demoralisering:n
dovemansgesprekken	dovemansgesprek:n
zaaiuien	zaaiui:n
zaaiuitje	zaaiui:n
kristalliseringen	kristallisering:n
lokaliseringen	lokalisering:n
lokaliserinkje	lokalisering:n
heidenjachten	heidenjacht:n
heidenchristenen	heidenchristen:n
zinloosheden	zinloosheid:n
vervolledig	vervolledigen:v
vervolledigde	vervolledigen:v
vervolledigt	vervolledigen:v
vervolledigden	vervolledigen:v
vervolledigend	vervolledigen:v
vervolledigd	vervolledigen:v
gezinsherenigingen	gezinshereniging:n
arafatsjaals	arafatsjaal:n
arafatsjaaltje	arafatsjaal:n
Arafatsjaal	arafatsjaal:n
Palestijnensjaals	Palestijnensjaal:n
Palestijnensjaaltje	Palestijnensjaal:n
palestijnensjaal	Palestijnensjaal:n
onteigeningen	onteigening:n
onteigeninkje	onteigening:n
nietsontziender	nietsontziend:a
nietsontziendst	nietsontziend:a
nietsontziende	nietsontziend:a
nietsontziendere	nietsontziend:a
nietsontziendste	nietsontziend:a
nietsvermoedender	nietsvermoedend:a
nietsvermoedendst	nietsvermoedend:a
nietsvermoedende	nietsvermoedend:a
nietsvermoedendere	nietsvermoedend:a
nietsvermoedendste	nietsvermoedend:a
bloedstollender	bloedstollend:a
bloedstollendst	bloedstollend:a
bloedstollende	bloedstollend:a
bloedstollendere	bloedstollend:a
bloedstollendste	bloedstollend:a
lemmatiseringen	lemmatisering:n
kwarrels	kwarrel:n
kwarreltje	kwarrel:n
benzoëzuren	benzoëzuur:n
benzeencarbonzuren	benzeencarbonzuur:n
challes	challe:n
challetje	challe:n
droosjes	droosje:n
parasjot	parasja:n
parasja's	parasja:n
parasjaatje	parasja:n
parsjes	parsje:n
parsjetje	parsje:n
kiddoesjiem	kiddoesj:n
kidoesj	kiddoesj:n
kiddesj	kiddoesj:n
verafgodingen	verafgoding:n
drankbestrijders	drankbestrijder:n
werkloosheidscijfers	werkloosheidscijfer:n
snorken	snurken:v
voorheffingen	voorheffing:n
voorheffinkje	voorheffing:n
Joego's	Joego:n
Joegootje	Joego:n
joego	Joego:n
Mocro's	Mocro:n
Mocrootje	Mocro:n
verpersoonlijkingen	verpersoonlijking:n
verpersoonlijk	verpersoonlijken:v
verpersoonlijkte	verpersoonlijken:v
verpersoonlijkt	verpersoonlijken:v
verpersoonlijkten	verpersoonlijken:v
verpersoonlijkend	verpersoonlijken:v
oogcontacten	oogcontact:n
oogcontactje	oogcontact:n
arbeidersgezinnen	arbeidersgezin:n
arbeidersgezinnetje	arbeidersgezin:n
sjabbesgojim	sjabbesgoj:n
sjabbesgojtje	sjabbesgoj:n
waxinelichten	waxinelicht:n
waxinelichtje	waxinelicht:n
herbruik	herbruiken:v
herbruikte	herbruiken:v
herbruikt	herbruiken:v
herbruikten	herbruiken:v
herbruikend	herbruiken:v
onzindelijker	onzindelijk:a
onzindelijkst	onzindelijk:a
onzindelijke	onzindelijk:a
onzindelijkere	onzindelijk:a
onzindelijkste	onzindelijk:a
onsympathieker	onsympathiek:a
onsympathiekst	onsympathiek:a
onsympathieke	onsympathiek:a
onsympathiekere	onsympathiek:a
onsympathiekste	onsympathiek:a
stempotloden	stempotlood:n
stempotloodje	stempotlood:n
arbeidsschuwer	arbeidsschuw:a
arbeidsschuwst	arbeidsschuw:a
arbeidsschuwe	arbeidsschuw:a
arbeidsschuwere	arbeidsschuw:a
arbeidsschuwste	arbeidsschuw:a
voos	vozen:v
voosde	vozen:v
voosden	vozen:v
vozend	vozen:v
gevoosd	vozen:v
viezevoos	viezevozen:v
viezevoosde	viezevozen:v
viezevoost	viezevozen:v
viezevoosden	viezevozen:v
viezevozend	viezevozen:v
geviezevoosd	viezevozen:v
respondeer	responderen:v
respondeerde	responderen:v
respondeert	responderen:v
respondeerden	responderen:v
responderend	responderen:v
gerespondeerd	responderen:v
lambieken	lambiek:n
lambiekje	lambiek:n
lambiekbieren	lambiekbier:n
lambiekbiertje	lambiekbier:n
baarmoederslijmvliezen	baarmoederslijmvlies:n
kolderieker	kolderiek:a
kolderiekst	kolderiek:a
kolderieke	kolderiek:a
kolderiekere	kolderiek:a
kolderiekste	kolderiek:a
lichtfeesten	lichtfeest:n
lichtfeestje	lichtfeest:n
Srefidensi	srefidensi:n
doorlek	doorlekken:v
doorlekte	doorlekken:v
doorlekt	doorlekken:v
doorlekten	doorlekken:v
doorlekkend	doorlekken:v
doorgelekt	doorlekken:v
bokshoorns	bokshoorn:n
bokshoorntje	bokshoorn:n
bokshoornklavers	bokshoornklaver:n
bokshoornklavertje	bokshoornklaver:n
rokjesdagen	rokjesdag:n
Cruijffiaanser	Cruijffiaans:a
Cruijffiaanst	Cruijffiaans:a
Cruijffiaanse	Cruijffiaans:a
Cruijffiaansere	Cruijffiaans:a
Cruijffiaanste	Cruijffiaans:a
mesjokke	mesjogge:a
liefs	lief:a
pechgeneraties	pechgeneratie:n
waarmaak	waarmaken:v
waarmaakte	waarmaken:v
waarmaakt	waarmaken:v
waarmaakten	waarmaken:v
waarmakend	waarmaken:v
waargemaakt	waarmaken:v
Lowies	Louis:m
padhagedissen	padhagedis:n
padhagedisje	padhagedis:n
schrikvogels	schrikvogel:n
schrikvogeltje	schrikvogel:n
ambtenaresker	ambtenaresk:a
ambtenareskst	ambtenaresk:a
ambtenareske	ambtenaresk:a
ambtenareskere	ambtenaresk:a
ambtenareskste	ambtenaresk:a
natriumchloriden	natriumchloride:n
poeder	poederen:v
poederde	poederen:v
poedert	poederen:v
poederden	poederen:v
poederend	poederen:v
gepoederd	poederen:v
chilipoeders	chilipoeder:n
chilivlokken	chilivlok:n
chilivlokje	chilivlok:n
oorverdovender	oorverdovend:a
oorverdovendst	oorverdovend:a
oorverdovende	oorverdovend:a
oorverdovendere	oorverdovend:a
oorverdovendste	oorverdovend:a
maandagmiddagen	maandagmiddag:n
maandagmiddagje	maandagmiddag:n
piepel	piepelen:v
piepelde	piepelen:v
piepelt	piepelen:v
piepelden	piepelen:v
piepelend	piepelen:v
gepiepeld	piepelen:v
erwtenpeulen	erwtenpeul:n
erwtenpeultje	erwtenpeul:n
erwtenpeulboorders	erwtenpeulboorder:n
erwtenpeulboordertje	erwtenpeulboorder:n
onesthetische	onesthetisch:a
vernikkel	vernikkelen:v
vernikkelde	vernikkelen:v
vernikkelt	vernikkelen:v
vernikkelden	vernikkelen:v
vernikkelend	vernikkelen:v
vernikkeld	vernikkelen:v
verkleum	verkleumen:v
verkleumt	verkleumen:v
verkleumden	verkleumen:v
verkleumend	verkleumen:v
verkleumd	verkleumen:v
verzilver	verzilveren:v
verzilverde	verzilveren:v
verzilvert	verzilveren:v
verzilverden	verzilveren:v
verzilverend	verzilveren:v
verzilverd	verzilveren:v
beroepsmisvormingen	beroepsmisvorming:n
beroepsmisvorminkje	beroepsmisvorming:n
topgozers	topgozer:n
topgozertje	topgozer:n
wereldgozers	wereldgozer:n
wereldgozertje	wereldgozer:n
topvents	topvent:n
topventje	topvent:n
wereldvents	wereldvent:n
wereldventje	wereldvent:n
topmeiden	topmeid:n
topmeisje	topmeid:n
wereldmeiden	wereldmeid:n
wereldmeisje	wereldmeid:n
wereldvrouwen	wereldvrouw:n
wereldvrouwtje	wereldvrouw:n
wereldwijven	wereldwijf:n
wereldwijfje	wereldwijf:n
topwijven	topwijf:n
topwijfje	topwijf:n
wereldmannen	wereldman:n
wereldmannetje	wereldman:n
zwartgalliger	zwartgallig:a
zwartgalligst	zwartgallig:a
zwartgallige	zwartgallig:a
zwartgalligere	zwartgallig:a
zwartgalligste	zwartgallig:a
juslepels	juslepel:n
juslepeltje	juslepel:n
sauslepels	sauslepel:n
sauslepeltje	sauslepel:n
vredestichters	vredestichter:n
verkoopbare	verkoopbaar:a
kunstgeschiedenissen	kunstgeschiedenis:n
misvormder	misvormd:a
misvormdst	misvormd:a
misvormdere	misvormd:a
misvormdste	misvormd:a
sjnorrers	sjnorrer:n
sjnorrertje	sjnorrer:n
praatjesmakers	praatjesmaker:n
praatjesmakertje	praatjesmaker:n
rechtschapener	rechtschapen:a
rechtschapenst	rechtschapen:a
rechtschapenste	rechtschapen:a
wanschapener	wanschapen:a
wanschapenst	wanschapen:a
wanschapenste	wanschapen:a
obstructies	obstructie:n
obstructietje	obstructie:n
hinderlijker	hinderlijk:a
hinderlijkst	hinderlijk:a
hinderlijke	hinderlijk:a
hinderlijkere	hinderlijk:a
hinderlijkste	hinderlijk:a
construeer	construeren:v
construeerde	construeren:v
construeert	construeren:v
construeerden	construeren:v
construerend	construeren:v
geconstrueerd	construeren:v
obstrueer	obstrueren:v
obstrueerde	obstrueren:v
obstrueert	obstrueren:v
obstrueerden	obstrueren:v
obstruerend	obstrueren:v
geobstrueerd	obstrueren:v
tuinjudaspenningen	tuinjudaspenning:n
tuinjudaspenninkje	tuinjudaspenning:n
zorgbarender	zorgbarend:a
zorgbarendst	zorgbarend:a
zorgbarende	zorgbarend:a
zorgbarendere	zorgbarend:a
zorgbarendste	zorgbarend:a
tyf	tyfen:v
tyfte	tyfen:v
tyft	tyfen:v
tyften	tyfen:v
tyfend	tyfen:v
getyft	tyfen:v
sodemieter	sodemieteren:v
sodemieterde	sodemieteren:v
sodemietert	sodemieteren:v
sodemieterden	sodemieteren:v
sodemieterend	sodemieteren:v
gesodemieterd	sodemieteren:v
zèta's	zèta:n
zètaatje	zèta:n
èta's	èta:n
ètaatje	èta:n
thèta's	thèta:n
thètaatje	thèta:n
vroegah	vroeger:d
vroegâh	vroeger:d
onoprechter	onoprecht:a
onoprechtst	onoprecht:a
onoprechte	onoprecht:a
onoprechtere	onoprecht:a
onoprechtste	onoprecht:a
weetbaarder	weetbaar:a
weetbaarst	weetbaar:a
weetbare	weetbaar:a
weetbaardere	weetbaar:a
weetbaarste	weetbaar:a
onweetbaarder	onweetbaar:a
onweetbaarst	onweetbaar:a
onweetbare	onweetbaar:a
onweetbaardere	onweetbaar:a
onweetbaarste	onweetbaar:a
weerbaarder	weerbaar:a
weerbaarst	weerbaar:a
weerbare	weerbaar:a
weerbaardere	weerbaar:a
weerbaarste	weerbaar:a
toelaatbaarder	toelaatbaar:a
toelaatbaarst	toelaatbaar:a
toelaatbare	toelaatbaar:a
toelaatbaardere	toelaatbaar:a
toelaatbaarste	toelaatbaar:a
ontoelaatbaarder	ontoelaatbaar:a
ontoelaatbaarst	ontoelaatbaar:a
ontoelaatbare	ontoelaatbaar:a
ontoelaatbaardere	ontoelaatbaar:a
ontoelaatbaarste	ontoelaatbaar:a
zuurten	zuurte:n
zuurtes	zuurte:n
zoutiger	zoutig:a
zoutigst	zoutig:a
zoutige	zoutig:a
zoutigere	zoutig:a
zoutigste	zoutig:a
ongezoutener	ongezouten:a
ongezoutenst	ongezouten:a
ongezoutenste	ongezouten:a
antifascistischer	antifascistisch:a
antifascistischt	antifascistisch:a
antifascistische	antifascistisch:a
antifascistischere	antifascistisch:a
antifascistischte	antifascistisch:a
wasbeerhonden	wasbeerhond:n
wasbeerhondje	wasbeerhond:n
leverbaarder	leverbaar:a
leverbaarst	leverbaar:a
leverbare	leverbaar:a
leverbaardere	leverbaar:a
leverbaarste	leverbaar:a
onleverbaarder	onleverbaar:a
onleverbaarst	onleverbaar:a
onleverbare	onleverbaar:a
onleverbaardere	onleverbaar:a
onleverbaarste	onleverbaar:a
zaaddodender	zaaddodend:a
zaaddodendst	zaaddodend:a
zaaddodende	zaaddodend:a
zaaddodendere	zaaddodend:a
zaaddodendste	zaaddodend:a
intenties	intentie:n
intentietje	intentie:n
covalenties	covalentie:n
stellages	stellage:n
stellagen	stellage:n
stellagetje	stellage:n
roodbuikwaterspreeuwen	roodbuikwaterspreeuw:n
roodbuikwaterspreeuwtje	roodbuikwaterspreeuw:n
zwartbuikwaterspreeuwen	zwartbuikwaterspreeuw:n
zwartbuikwaterspreeuwtje	zwartbuikwaterspreeuw:n
genaakbaarder	genaakbaar:a
genaakbaarst	genaakbaar:a
genaakbare	genaakbaar:a
genaakbaardere	genaakbaar:a
genaakbaarste	genaakbaar:a
ontoegankelijker	ontoegankelijk:a
ontoegankelijkst	ontoegankelijk:a
ontoegankelijke	ontoegankelijk:a
ontoegankelijkere	ontoegankelijk:a
ontoegankelijkste	ontoegankelijk:a
benaderbaarder	benaderbaar:a
benaderbaarst	benaderbaar:a
benaderbaare	benaderbaar:a
benaderbaardere	benaderbaar:a
benaderbaarste	benaderbaar:a
onbenaderbaarder	onbenaderbaar:a
onbenaderbaarst	onbenaderbaar:a
onbenaderbaare	onbenaderbaar:a
onbenaderbaardere	onbenaderbaar:a
onbenaderbaarste	onbenaderbaar:a
zondevallen	zondeval:n
doesen	douchen:v
patiënte	patiënt:n
rendeer	renderen:v
rendeerde	renderen:v
rendeert	renderen:v
rendeerden	renderen:v
renderend	renderen:v
gerendeerd	renderen:v
render	renderen:v
renderde	renderen:v
rendert	renderen:v
renderden	renderen:v
gerenderd	renderen:v
ongelikter	ongelikt:a
ongeliktst	ongelikt:a
ongelikte	ongelikt:a
ongeliktere	ongelikt:a
ongeliktste	ongelikt:a
zakendoe	zakendoen:v
zakendeed	zakendoen:v
zakendoet	zakendoen:v
zakendeden	zakendoen:v
zakendoend	zakendoen:v
zakengedaan	zakendoen:v
botheden	botheid:n
benuttingen	benutting:n
zegjes	zegje:n
wiegedood	wiegendood:n
afkrijg	afkrijgen:v
afkreeg	afkrijgen:v
afkrijgt	afkrijgen:v
afkregen	afkrijgen:v
afkrijgend	afkrijgen:v
afgekregen	afkrijgen:v
morning-afterpillen	morning-afterpil:n
hormoonspiralen	hormoonspiraal:n
hormoonspiraaltje	hormoonspiraal:n
koperspiralen	koperspiraal:n
koperspiraaltje	koperspiraal:n
wraaklustiger	wraaklustig:a
wraaklustigst	wraaklustig:a
wraaklustige	wraaklustig:a
wraaklustigere	wraaklustig:a
wraaklustigste	wraaklustig:a
drinklustiger	drinklustig:a
drinklustigst	drinklustig:a
drinklustige	drinklustig:a
drinklustigere	drinklustig:a
drinklustigste	drinklustig:a
griezel	griezelen:v
griezelde	griezelen:v
griezelt	griezelen:v
griezelden	griezelen:v
griezelend	griezelen:v
gegriezeld	griezelen:v
pitpoes	pitspoes:n
poepiedoepies	poepiedoepie:n
ratjetoes	ratjetoe:n
ratjetoetje	ratjetoe:n
felbegeerde	felbegeerd:a
onomfloerster	onomfloerst:a
onomfloerstst	onomfloerst:a
onomfloerste	onomfloerst:a
onomfloerstere	onomfloerst:a
onomfloerstste	onomfloerst:a
vertwijfel	vertwijfelen:v
vertwijfelt	vertwijfelen:v
vertwijfelden	vertwijfelen:v
vertwijfelend	vertwijfelen:v
vertwijfeld	vertwijfelen:v
gaspeldoorns	gaspeldoorn:n
gaspeldoorntje	gaspeldoorn:n
linkiewinkies	linkiewinkie:n
slimpies	slimpie:n
sloompies	sloompie:n
slimmerds	slimmerd:n
slimmerdje	slimmerd:n
slimmeriken	slimmerik:n
slimmerikje	slimmerik:n
dommerds	dommerd:n
dommerdje	dommerd:n
vrijgevochtener	vrijgevochten:a
vrijgevochtenst	vrijgevochten:a
vrijgevochtenste	vrijgevochten:a
vrijstel	vrijstellen:v
vrijstelde	vrijstellen:v
vrijstelt	vrijstellen:v
vrijstelden	vrijstellen:v
vrijstellend	vrijstellen:v
vrijgesteld	vrijstellen:v
schurftiger	schurftig:a
schurftigst	schurftig:a
schurftige	schurftig:a
schurftigere	schurftig:a
schurftigste	schurftig:a
kerstkalkoenen	kerstkalkoen:n
kerstkalkoentje	kerstkalkoen:n
zinsverbanden	zinsverband:n
zinsverbandje	zinsverband:n
werkzaamheidsgraden	werkzaamheidsgraad:n
slotakkoorden	slotakkoord:n
slotakkoordje	slotakkoord:n
labieler	labiel:a
labielst	labiel:a
labiele	labiel:a
labielere	labiel:a
labielste	labiel:a
onguurder	onguur:a
onguurst	onguur:a
ongure	onguur:a
onguurdere	onguur:a
onguurste	onguur:a
riedels	riedel:n
riedeltje	riedel:n
verantwoordelijken	verantwoordelijke:n
connecteer	connecteren:v
connecteerde	connecteren:v
connecteert	connecteren:v
connecteerden	connecteren:v
connecterend	connecteren:v
geconnecteerd	connecteren:v
doemdenk	doemdenken:v
doemdacht	doemdenken:v
doemdenkt	doemdenken:v
doemdachten	doemdenken:v
doemdenkend	doemdenken:v
doemgedacht	doemdenken:v
taboeïseer	taboeïseren:v
taboeïseerde	taboeïseren:v
taboeïseert	taboeïseren:v
taboeïseerden	taboeïseren:v
taboeïserend	taboeïseren:v
getaboeïseerd	taboeïseren:v
aanstellers	aansteller:n
aanstellertje	aansteller:n
QR-codes	QR-code:n
QR-codetje	QR-code:n
verstoffelijk	verstoffelijken:v
verstoffelijkte	verstoffelijken:v
verstoffelijkt	verstoffelijken:v
verstoffelijkten	verstoffelijken:v
verstoffelijkend	verstoffelijken:v
ontstoffelijk	ontstoffelijken:v
ontstoffelijkte	ontstoffelijken:v
ontstoffelijkt	ontstoffelijken:v
ontstoffelijkten	ontstoffelijken:v
ontstoffelijkend	ontstoffelijken:v
midwinterhoorns	midwinterhoorn:n
bemoeizuchtiger	bemoeizuchtig:a
bemoeizuchtigst	bemoeizuchtig:a
bemoeizuchtige	bemoeizuchtig:a
bemoeizuchtigere	bemoeizuchtig:a
bemoeizuchtigste	bemoeizuchtig:a
bemoeieriger	bemoeierig:a
bemoeierigst	bemoeierig:a
bemoeierige	bemoeierig:a
bemoeierigere	bemoeierig:a
bemoeierigste	bemoeierig:a
zeikeriger	zeikerig:a
zeikerigst	zeikerig:a
zeikerige	zeikerig:a
zeikerigere	zeikerig:a
zeikerigste	zeikerig:a
zeurderiger	zeurderig:a
zeurderigst	zeurderig:a
zeurderige	zeurderig:a
zeurderigere	zeurderig:a
zeurderigste	zeurderig:a
asynchroner	asynchroon:a
asynchroonst	asynchroon:a
asynchrone	asynchroon:a
asynchronere	asynchroon:a
asynchroonste	asynchroon:a
diachroner	diachroon:a
diachroonst	diachroon:a
diachrone	diachroon:a
diachronere	diachroon:a
diachroonste	diachroon:a
verergeringen	verergering:n
kontliken	kontlikken:v
kontlik	kontlikken:v
kontlikte	kontlikken:v
kontlikt	kontlikken:v
kontlikten	kontlikken:v
kontlikend	kontlikken:v
gekontlikt	kontlikken:v
vergoelijk	vergoelijken:v
vergoelijkte	vergoelijken:v
vergoelijkt	vergoelijken:v
vergoelijkten	vergoelijken:v
vergoelijkend	vergoelijken:v
goelijker	goelijk:a
goelijkst	goelijk:a
goelijke	goelijk:a
goelijkere	goelijk:a
goelijkste	goelijk:a
goedelijk	goelijk:a
voorklinkers	voorklinker:n
achterklinkers	achterklinker:n
lichtgevoeliger	lichtgevoelig:a
lichtgevoeligst	lichtgevoelig:a
lichtgevoelige	lichtgevoelig:a
lichtgevoeligere	lichtgevoelig:a
lichtgevoeligste	lichtgevoelig:a
middelloodlijnen	middelloodlijn:n
middelloodlijntje	middelloodlijn:n
omzendbrieven	omzendbrief:n
ijshockeybanen	ijshockeybaan:n
ijshockeybaantje	ijshockeybaan:n
zitplaatsen	zitplaats:n
zitplaatsje	zitplaats:n
uitdrukkingslozer	uitdrukkingsloos:a
uitdrukkingsloost	uitdrukkingsloos:a
uitdrukkingsloze	uitdrukkingsloos:a
uitdrukkingslozere	uitdrukkingsloos:a
uitdrukkingslooste	uitdrukkingsloos:a
heroverweeg	heroverwegen:v
heroverwoog	heroverwegen:v
heroverweegt	heroverwegen:v
heroverwogen	heroverwegen:v
heroverwegend	heroverwegen:v
borstplaten	borstplaat:n
borstplaatje	borstplaat:n
vroegelingen	vroegeling:n
vroegelingetje	vroegeling:n
huppelkutten	huppelkut:n
huppelkutje	huppelkut:n
richtingscoëfficiënten	richtingscoëfficiënt:n
richtingscoëfficiëntje	richtingscoëfficiënt:n
dichtspijker	dichtspijkeren:v
dichtspijkerde	dichtspijkeren:v
dichtspijkert	dichtspijkeren:v
dichtspijkerden	dichtspijkeren:v
dichtspijkerend	dichtspijkeren:v
dichtgespijkerd	dichtspijkeren:v
godswonderen	godswonder:n
godswondertje	godswonder:n
vaâr	vader:n
wraek	wraak:n
wraeck	wraak:n
wraack	wraak:n
vraak	wraak:n
vraack	wraak:n
vraek	wraak:n
vraeck	wraak:n
onberedeneerder	onberedeneerd:a
onberedeneerdst	onberedeneerd:a
onberedeneerde	onberedeneerd:a
onberedeneerdere	onberedeneerd:a
onberedeneerdste	onberedeneerd:a
radslagen	radslag:n
radslagje	radslag:n
leegdrink	leegdrinken:v
leegdronk	leegdrinken:v
leegdrinkt	leegdrinken:v
leegdronken	leegdrinken:v
leegdrinkend	leegdrinken:v
leeggedronken	leegdrinken:v
medestrijders	medestrijder:n
medestrijdertje	medestrijder:n
gradiënten	gradiënt:n
gradiëntje	gradiënt:n
doopsuikers	doopsuiker:n
doopsuikertje	doopsuiker:n
inderdaet	inderdaad:d
wiesde	wiezen:v
wiesden	wiezen:v
wiezend	wiezen:v
gewiesd	wiezen:v
inderdaed	inderdaad:d
woordzoekers	woordzoeker:n
woordzoekertje	woordzoeker:n
onmenselijker	onmenselijk:a
onmenselijkst	onmenselijk:a
brakheden	brakheid:n
brakheidje	brakheid:n
passagiersstoelen	passagiersstoel:n
passagiersstoeltje	passagiersstoel:n
bestuurdersstoelen	bestuurdersstoel:n
bestuurdersstoeltje	bestuurdersstoel:n
tentzeilen	tentzeil:n
tentzeiltje	tentzeil:n
spanningsbogen	spanningsboog:n
spanningsboogje	spanningsboog:n
aandachtsspannen	aandachtsspanne:n
aandachtsspannetje	aandachtsspanne:n
poppedijnen	poppedijn:n
poppedijntje	poppedijn:n
snibbiger	snibbig:a
snibbigst	snibbig:a
snibbige	snibbig:a
snibbigere	snibbig:a
snibbigste	snibbig:a
oorlogsweduwen	oorlogsweduwe:n
oorlogsweduwes	oorlogsweduwe:n
spijze	spijs:n
pakira's	pakira:n
diplomeer	diplomeren:v
diplomeerde	diplomeren:v
diplomeert	diplomeren:v
diplomeerden	diplomeren:v
diplomerend	diplomeren:v
verlam	verlammen:v
verlamde	verlammen:v
verlamt	verlammen:v
verlamden	verlammen:v
verlammend	verlammen:v
verlamd	verlammen:v
sluys	sluis:n
individueler	individueel:a
individueelst	individueel:a
individuele	individueel:a
individuelere	individueel:a
individueelste	individueel:a
zogezegde	zogezegd:a
signael	signaal:n
signeer	signeren:v
signeerde	signeren:v
signeert	signeren:v
signeerden	signeren:v
signerend	signeren:v
gesigneerd	signeren:v
oppleur	oppleuren:v
oppleurde	oppleuren:v
oppleurt	oppleuren:v
oppleurden	oppleuren:v
oppleurend	oppleuren:v
opgepleurd	oppleuren:v
snowboard	snowboarden:v
snowboardde	snowboarden:v
snowboardt	snowboarden:v
snowboardden	snowboarden:v
snowboardend	snowboarden:v
gesnowboard	snowboarden:v
oer-Hollandse	oer-Hollands:a
vanzelfsprekendheden	vanzelfsprekendheid:n
puiker	puik:a
puikst	puik:a
puike	puik:a
puikere	puik:a
puikste	puik:a
puyk	puik:a
puyck	puik:a
puiks	puik:a
herhalingstekens	herhalingsteken:n
herhalingstekentje	herhalingsteken:n
elektriciteitsnetten	elektriciteitsnet:n
elektriciteitsnetje	elektriciteitsnet:n
excelleer	excelleren:v
excelleerde	excelleren:v
excelleert	excelleren:v
excelleerden	excelleren:v
excellerend	excelleren:v
geëxcelleerd	excelleren:v
uitmunt	uitmunten:v
uitmuntte	uitmunten:v
uitmuntten	uitmunten:v
uitgemunt	uitmunten:v
tentoonspreid	tentoonspreiden:v
tentoonspreidde	tentoonspreiden:v
tentoonspreidt	tentoonspreiden:v
tentoonspreidden	tentoonspreiden:v
tentoonspreidend	tentoonspreiden:v
tentoongespreid	tentoonspreiden:v
wedersamenstellingen	wedersamenstelling:n
vertegenwoordigingen	vertegenwoordiging:n
ongepaster	ongepast:a
ongepastst	ongepast:a
ongepaste	ongepast:a
ongepastere	ongepast:a
ongepastste	ongepast:a
tegenzeg	tegenzeggen:v
tegenzei	tegenzeggen:v
tegenzegde	tegenzeggen:v
tegenzegt	tegenzeggen:v
tegenzeiden	tegenzeggen:v
tegenzegden	tegenzeggen:v
tegenzeggend	tegenzeggen:v
tegengezegd	tegenzeggen:v
ongepastheden	ongepastheid:n
ongepastheidje	ongepastheid:n
doodschiet	doodschieten:v
doodschoot	doodschieten:v
doodschoten	doodschieten:v
doodschietend	doodschieten:v
doodgeschoten	doodschieten:v
ov-chipkaarten	ov-chipkaart:n
ov-chipkaartje	ov-chipkaart:n
brunellen	brunel:n
brunelletje	brunel:n
wereldrecords	wereldrecord:n
wereldrecordje	wereldrecord:n
afwijzingen	afwijzing:n
afwijzinkje	afwijzing:n
behulpzamer	behulpzaam:a
behulpzaamst	behulpzaam:a
behulpzame	behulpzaam:a
behulpzamere	behulpzaam:a
behulpzaamste	behulpzaam:a
onbewuster	onbewust:a
onbewustst	onbewust:a
onbewuste	onbewust:a
onbewustere	onbewust:a
onbewustste	onbewust:a
migraties	migratie:n
migratietje	migratie:n
kobmeeuwen	kobmeeuw:n
kobmeeuwtje	kobmeeuw:n
eiglk	eigenlijk:d
dienstverleners	dienstverlener:n
prc	precies:d
bekermossen	bekermos:n
dakleien	daklei:n
dakleitje	daklei:n
erfgenames	erfgename:n
onacceptabeler	onacceptabel:a
onacceptabelst	onacceptabel:a
onacceptabele	onacceptabel:a
onacceptabelere	onacceptabel:a
onacceptabelste	onacceptabel:a
rooftochten	rooftocht:n
halofyten	halofyt:n
mopés	mopé:n
mosbloempjes	mosbloempje:n
watercrassula's	watercrassula:n
donderbladen	donderblad:n
donderbladeren	donderblad:n
donderbaarden	donderbaard:n
aftrekbaarder	aftrekbaar:a
aftrekbaarst	aftrekbaar:a
aftrekbare	aftrekbaar:a
aftrekbaardere	aftrekbaar:a
aftrekbaarste	aftrekbaar:a
belastingdiensten	belastingdienst:n
belastingdienstje	belastingdienst:n
gebruikersnamen	gebruikersnaam:n
gebruikersnaampje	gebruikersnaam:n
sleutelbloemen	sleutelbloem:n
sleutelbloempje	sleutelbloem:n
maretakken	maretak:n
maretakje	maretak:n
havermoutpapje	havermoutpap:n
alweder	alweer:d
educaties	educatie:n
educatietje	educatie:n
edukatie	educatie:n
aantoonbaarder	aantoonbaar:a
aantoonbaarst	aantoonbaar:a
aantoonbare	aantoonbaar:a
aantoonbaardere	aantoonbaar:a
aantoonbaarste	aantoonbaar:a
aantoonbaarheden	aantoonbaarheid:n
aantoonbaarheidje	aantoonbaarheid:n
aantoningen	aantoning:n
aantoninkje	aantoning:n
bevoegden	bevoegde:n
brandveiliger	brandveilig:a
brandveiligst	brandveilig:a
brandveilige	brandveilig:a
brandveiligere	brandveilig:a
brandveiligste	brandveilig:a
dagkaarten	dagkaart:n
dagkaartje	dagkaart:n
tussenjaren	tussenjaar:n
tussenjaartje	tussenjaar:n
blz.	bladzijde:n
hoogwaterbroeken	hoogwaterbroek:n
hoogwaterbroekje	hoogwaterbroek:n
Pothoofdplanten	Pothoofdplant:n
Pothoofdplantje	Pothoofdplant:n
pothoofdplant	Pothoofdplant:n
frietzakken	frietzak:n
frietzakje	frietzak:n
educatiever	educatief:a
educatiefst	educatief:a
educatieve	educatief:a
educatievere	educatief:a
educatiefste	educatief:a
functioneler	functioneel:a
functioneelst	functioneel:a
functionele	functioneel:a
functionelere	functioneel:a
functioneelste	functioneel:a
mycologischer	mycologisch:a
mycologischt	mycologisch:a
mycologische	mycologisch:a
mycologischere	mycologisch:a
mycologischte	mycologisch:a
lichenologischer	lichenologisch:a
lichenologischt	lichenologisch:a
lichenologische	lichenologisch:a
lichenologischere	lichenologisch:a
lichenologischte	lichenologisch:a
mycologen	mycoloog:n
lichenologen	lichenoloog:n
mycologes	mycologe:n
halfjaren	halfjaar:n
halfjaartje	halfjaar:n
maandagavonden	maandagavond:n
maandagavondje	maandagavond:n
dinsdagavonden	dinsdagavond:n
dinsdagavondje	dinsdagavond:n
woensdagavonden	woensdagavond:n
woensdagavondje	woensdagavond:n
vrijdagavonden	vrijdagavond:n
vrijdagavondje	vrijdagavond:n
zaterdagavonden	zaterdagavond:n
zaterdagavondje	zaterdagavond:n
zondagavonden	zondagavond:n
zondagavondje	zondagavond:n
isidieuzer	isidieus:a
isidieuze	isidieus:a
isidieuzere	isidieus:a
isidieuste	isidieus:a
voorverkiezingen	voorverkiezing:n
bedenktijden	bedenktijd:n
oorlogseconomieën	oorlogseconomie:n
herbewapeningen	herbewapening:n
ijven	ijf:n
ijfje	ijf:n
samenleg	samenleggen:v
samenlegde	samenleggen:v
samenlegt	samenleggen:v
samenlegden	samenleggen:v
samenleggend	samenleggen:v
samengelegd	samenleggen:v
krentenbaarden	krentenbaard:n
krentenbaardje	krentenbaard:n
herbewapen	herbewapenen:v
herbewapende	herbewapenen:v
herbewapent	herbewapenen:v
herbewapenden	herbewapenen:v
herbewapenend	herbewapenen:v
herbewapend	herbewapenen:v
terriërs	terriër:n
terriërtje	terriër:n
kandelabers	kandelaber:n
kandelabertje	kandelaber:n
nml	namelijk:d
bvb	bijvoorbeeld:d
automagischer	automagisch:a
automagischt	automagisch:a
automagische	automagisch:a
automagischere	automagisch:a
automagischte	automagisch:a
intelligentiequotiënten	intelligentiequotiënt:n
verbouwingen	verbouwing:n
verbouwinkje	verbouwing:n
extravertheden	extravertheid:n
grasmaaimachines	grasmaaimachine:n
grasmaaimachientje	grasmaaimachine:n
peppels	peppel:n
peppeltje	peppel:n
peppelvlaggen	peppelvlag:n
heksenbezems	heksenbezem:n
heksenbezempje	heksenbezem:n
kijkcijfers	kijkcijfer:n
kijkcijfertje	kijkcijfer:n
kijkcijferkanonnen	kijkcijferkanon:n
kijkcijferkanonnetje	kijkcijferkanon:n
roestganzen	roestgans:n
roestgansje	roestgans:n
kijkjes	kijkje:n
sporenplanten	sporenplant:n
sporenplantje	sporenplant:n
cryptogame	cryptogaam:a
cryptogamen	cryptogaam:n
reuzenpaardenstaarten	reuzenpaardenstaart:n
reuzenpaardenstaartje	reuzenpaardenstaart:n
bospaardenstaarten	bospaardenstaart:n
bospaardenstaartje	bospaardenstaart:n
spermatofyten	spermatofyt:n
jl.	jongstleden:a
duizendsten	duizendste:n
mopsvleermuizen	mopsvleermuis:n
mopsvleermuisje	mopsvleermuis:n
duindoorns	duindoorn:n
duindoorntje	duindoorn:n
vuurdoorns	vuurdoorn:n
vuurdoorntje	vuurdoorn:n
pijlbremmen	pijlbrem:n
verfbremmen	verfbrem:n
roodrugpelikanen	roodrugpelikaan:n
roodrugpelikaantje	roodrugpelikaan:n
slechthorende	slechthorend:a
kruipklokjes	kruipklokje:n
zomerklokjes	zomerklokje:n
Catharinaparkieten	Catharinaparkiet:n
Catharinaparkietje	Catharinaparkiet:n
wolfspoten	wolfspoot:n
wolfspootje	wolfspoot:n
dennenwolfsklauwen	dennenwolfsklauw:n
moeraswolfsklauwen	moeraswolfsklauw:n
bijdehandjes	bijdehandje:n
deeltijdprinsessen	deeltijdprinses:n
deeltijdprinsesje	deeltijdprinses:n
leerders	leerder:n
vonders	vonder:n
vonderen	vonder:n
vondertje	vonder:n
vriendenkringen	vriendenkring:n
malroven	malrove:n
zeealanten	zeealant:n
ossenpikkers	ossenpikker:n
ossenpikkertje	ossenpikker:n
rewild	rewilden:v
rewildde	rewilden:v
rewildt	rewilden:v
rewildden	rewilden:v
rewildend	rewilden:v
gerewild	rewilden:v
verstap	verstappen:v
verstapte	verstappen:v
verstapt	verstappen:v
verstapten	verstappen:v
verstappend	verstappen:v
pieremachochels	pieremachochel:n
pieremachocheltje	pieremachochel:n
pieremegoggel	pieremachochel:n
rustigjes	rustig:d
biobouwers	biobouwer:n
naaktbeelden	naaktbeeld:n
naaktbeeldje	naaktbeeld:n
babbelaars	babbelaar:n
babbelaartje	babbelaar:n
slacentrifuges	slacentrifuge:n
slacentrifugetje	slacentrifuge:n
keukenmachines	keukenmachine:n
keukenmachientje	keukenmachine:n
keukenmachinetje	keukenmachine:n
tekenkaarten	tekenkaart:n
tekenkaartje	tekenkaart:n
onbetekenender	onbetekenend:a
onbetekenendst	onbetekenend:a
onbetekenende	onbetekenend:a
onbetekenendere	onbetekenend:a
onbetekenendste	onbetekenend:a
erflatersseries	erflatersserie:n
twitter	twitteren:v
twitterde	twitteren:v
twittert	twitteren:v
twitterden	twitteren:v
twitterend	twitteren:v
getwitterd	twitteren:v
inkleur	inkleuren:v
inkleurde	inkleuren:v
inkleurt	inkleuren:v
inkleurden	inkleuren:v
inkleurend	inkleuren:v
ingekleurd	inkleuren:v
stenig	stenigen:v
stenigde	stenigen:v
stenigt	stenigen:v
stenigden	stenigen:v
stenigend	stenigen:v
gestenigd	stenigen:v
achterzijdes	achterzijde:n
achterzijden	achterzijde:n
achterzij	achterzijde:n
voorzijdes	voorzijde:n
voorzijden	voorzijde:n
afsluitingen	afsluiting:n
afsluitinkje	afsluiting:n
electriciteit	elektriciteit:n
electrisch	elektrisch:a
tjilp	tjilpen:v
tjilpte	tjilpen:v
tjilpt	tjilpen:v
tjilpten	tjilpen:v
tjilpend	tjilpen:v
getjilpt	tjilpen:v
tjirpen	tjilpen:v
tsjilpen	tjilpen:v
tsjirpen	tjilpen:v
sjilpen	tjilpen:v
sjirpen	tjilpen:v
giebel	giebelen:v
giebelde	giebelen:v
giebelt	giebelen:v
giebelden	giebelen:v
giebelend	giebelen:v
gegiebeld	giebelen:v
hoever	hoeverre:d
stressvoller	stressvol:a
stressvolst	stressvol:a
stressvolle	stressvol:a
stressvollere	stressvol:a
stressvolste	stressvol:a
sedumdaken	sedumdak:n
sedumdakje	sedumdak:n
mosdaken	mosdak:n
mosdakje	mosdak:n
wurgvijgen	wurgvijg:n
wurgvijgje	wurgvijg:n
rangschikkingen	rangschikking:n
rangschikkinkje	rangschikking:n
herrangschik	herrangschikken:v
herrangschikte	herrangschikken:v
herrangschikt	herrangschikken:v
herrangschikten	herrangschikken:v
herrangschikkend	herrangschikken:v
vetvogels	vetvogel:n
vetvogeltje	vetvogel:n
takkelingen	takkeling:n
takkelingetje	takkeling:n
interactiever	interactief:a
interactiefst	interactief:a
interactieve	interactief:a
interactievere	interactief:a
interactiefste	interactief:a
steenraketten	steenraket:n
steenraketje	steenraket:n
blauwstaarten	blauwstaart:n
blauwstaartje	blauwstaart:n
afspiegel	afspiegelen:v
afspiegelde	afspiegelen:v
afspiegelt	afspiegelen:v
afspiegelden	afspiegelen:v
afspiegelend	afspiegelen:v
afgespiegeld	afspiegelen:v
bindtalen	bindtaal:n
afspiegelingen	afspiegeling:n
veroveringsoorlogen	veroveringsoorlog:n
hemeltergender	hemeltergend:a
hemeltergendst	hemeltergend:a
hemeltergende	hemeltergend:a
hemeltergendere	hemeltergend:a
hemeltergendste	hemeltergend:a
geneeskundigen	geneeskundige:n
vroolijk	vrolijk:a
opvrolijk	opvrolijken:v
opvrolijkte	opvrolijken:v
opvrolijkt	opvrolijken:v
opvrolijkten	opvrolijken:v
opvrolijkend	opvrolijken:v
opgevrolijkt	opvrolijken:v
achteraanloop	achteraanlopen:v
achteraanliep	achteraanlopen:v
achteraanloopt	achteraanlopen:v
achteraanliepen	achteraanlopen:v
achteraanlopend	achteraanlopen:v
achteraangelopen	achteraanlopen:v
achterloop	achterlopen:v
achterliep	achterlopen:v
achterloopt	achterlopen:v
achterliepen	achterlopen:v
achterlopend	achterlopen:v
achtergelopen	achterlopen:v
achternaloop	achternalopen:v
achternaliep	achternalopen:v
achternaloopt	achternalopen:v
achternaliepen	achternalopen:v
achternalopend	achternalopen:v
achternagelopen	achternalopen:v
achteromloop	achteromlopen:v
achteromliep	achteromlopen:v
achteromloopt	achteromlopen:v
achteromliepen	achteromlopen:v
achteromlopend	achteromlopen:v
achteromgelopen	achteromlopen:v
achteroploop	achteroplopen:v
achteropliep	achteroplopen:v
achteroploopt	achteroplopen:v
achteropliepen	achteroplopen:v
achteroplopend	achteroplopen:v
achteropgelopen	achteroplopen:v
achteroverloop	achteroverlopen:v
achteroverliep	achteroverlopen:v
achteroverloopt	achteroverlopen:v
achteroverliepen	achteroverlopen:v
achteroverlopend	achteroverlopen:v
achterovergelopen	achteroverlopen:v
achteruitloop	achteruitlopen:v
achteruitliep	achteruitlopen:v
achteruitloopt	achteruitlopen:v
achteruitliepen	achteruitlopen:v
achteruitlopend	achteruitlopen:v
achteruitgelopen	achteruitlopen:v
omverloop	omverlopen:v
omverliep	omverlopen:v
omverloopt	omverlopen:v
omverliepen	omverlopen:v
omverlopend	omverlopen:v
omvergelopen	omverlopen:v
voorbijloop	voorbijlopen:v
voorbijliep	voorbijlopen:v
voorbijloopt	voorbijlopen:v
voorbijliepen	voorbijlopen:v
voorbijlopend	voorbijlopen:v
voorbijgelopen	voorbijlopen:v
voorloop	voorlopen:v
voorliep	voorlopen:v
voorloopt	voorlopen:v
voorliepen	voorlopen:v
voorlopend	voorlopen:v
voorgelopen	voorlopen:v
vooroploop	vooroplopen:v
vooropliep	vooroplopen:v
vooroploopt	vooroplopen:v
vooropliepen	vooroplopen:v
vooroplopend	vooroplopen:v
vooropgelopen	vooroplopen:v
voortloop	voortlopen:v
voortliep	voortlopen:v
voortloopt	voortlopen:v
voortliepen	voortlopen:v
voortlopend	voortlopen:v
voortgelopen	voortlopen:v
vooruitloop	vooruitlopen:v
vooruitliep	vooruitlopen:v
vooruitloopt	vooruitlopen:v
vooruitliepen	vooruitlopen:v
vooruitlopend	vooruitlopen:v
vooruitgelopen	vooruitlopen:v
vooroverloop	vooroverlopen:v
vooroverliep	vooroverlopen:v
vooroverloopt	vooroverlopen:v
vooroverliepen	vooroverlopen:v
vooroverlopend	vooroverlopen:v
voorovergelopen	vooroverlopen:v
geluidhinder	geluidshinder:n
geluidoverlast	geluidsoverlast:n
kaiserbroodjes	kaiserbroodje:n
heenloop	heenlopen:v
heenliep	heenlopen:v
heenloopt	heenlopen:v
heenliepen	heenlopen:v
heenlopend	heenlopen:v
heengelopen	heenlopen:v
omhoogloop	omhooglopen:v
omhoogliep	omhooglopen:v
omhoogloopt	omhooglopen:v
omhoogliepen	omhooglopen:v
omhooglopend	omhooglopen:v
omhooggelopen	omhooglopen:v
rechtloop	rechtlopen:v
rechtliep	rechtlopen:v
rechtloopt	rechtlopen:v
rechtliepen	rechtlopen:v
rechtlopend	rechtlopen:v
rechtgelopen	rechtlopen:v
inzetbaarder	inzetbaar:a
inzetbaarst	inzetbaar:a
inzetbare	inzetbaar:a
inzetbaardere	inzetbaar:a
inzetbaarste	inzetbaar:a
knelpunten	knelpunt:n
knelpuntje	knelpunt:n
dagublad	dagoeblad:n
opwarminkje	opwarming:n
openloop	openlopen:v
openliep	openlopen:v
openloopt	openlopen:v
openliepen	openlopen:v
openlopend	openlopen:v
opengelopen	openlopen:v
gelijkloop	gelijklopen:v
gelijkliep	gelijklopen:v
gelijkloopt	gelijklopen:v
gelijkliepen	gelijklopen:v
gelijklopend	gelijklopen:v
gelijkgelopen	gelijklopen:v
neerloop	neerlopen:v
neerliep	neerlopen:v
neerloopt	neerlopen:v
neerliepen	neerlopen:v
neerlopend	neerlopen:v
neergelopen	neerlopen:v
nederlopen	neerlopen:v
kromloop	kromlopen:v
kromliep	kromlopen:v
kromloopt	kromlopen:v
kromliepen	kromlopen:v
kromlopend	kromlopen:v
kromgelopen	kromlopen:v
platloop	platlopen:v
platliep	platlopen:v
platloopt	platlopen:v
platliepen	platlopen:v
platlopend	platlopen:v
platgelopen	platlopen:v
weerloop	weerlopen:v
weerliep	weerlopen:v
weerloopt	weerlopen:v
weerliepen	weerlopen:v
weerlopend	weerlopen:v
weergelopen	weerlopen:v
wederlopen	weerlopen:v
tegenloop	tegenlopen:v
tegenliep	tegenlopen:v
tegenloopt	tegenlopen:v
tegenliepen	tegenlopen:v
tegenlopend	tegenlopen:v
tegengelopen	tegenlopen:v
hoogdravender	hoogdravend:a
hoogdravendst	hoogdravend:a
hoogdravende	hoogdravend:a
hoogdravendere	hoogdravend:a
hoogdravendste	hoogdravend:a
tussenloop	tussenlopen:v
tussenliep	tussenlopen:v
tussenloopt	tussenlopen:v
tussenliepen	tussenlopen:v
tussenlopend	tussenlopen:v
tussengelopen	tussenlopen:v
afklop	afkloppen:v
afklopte	afkloppen:v
afklopt	afkloppen:v
afklopten	afkloppen:v
afkloppend	afkloppen:v
afgeklopt	afkloppen:v
poreuzer	poreus:a
poreust	poreus:a
poreuze	poreus:a
poreuzere	poreus:a
poreuste	poreus:a
dierenasiels	dierenasiel:n
dierenasielen	dierenasiel:n
dierenasieltje	dierenasiel:n
langsloop	langslopen:v
langsliep	langslopen:v
langsloopt	langslopen:v
langsliepen	langslopen:v
langslopend	langslopen:v
langsgelopen	langslopen:v
thuisloop	thuislopen:v
thuisliep	thuislopen:v
thuisloopt	thuislopen:v
thuisliepen	thuislopen:v
thuislopend	thuislopen:v
thuisgelopen	thuislopen:v
bijloop	bijlopen:v
bijliep	bijlopen:v
bijloopt	bijlopen:v
bijliepen	bijlopen:v
bijlopend	bijlopen:v
bijgelopen	bijlopen:v
kapotloop	kapotlopen:v
kapotliep	kapotlopen:v
kapotloopt	kapotlopen:v
kapotliepen	kapotlopen:v
kapotlopend	kapotlopen:v
kapotgelopen	kapotlopen:v
stukloop	stuklopen:v
stukliep	stuklopen:v
stukloopt	stuklopen:v
stukliepen	stuklopen:v
stuklopend	stuklopen:v
stukgelopen	stuklopen:v
bovenloop	bovenlopen:v
bovenliep	bovenlopen:v
bovenloopt	bovenlopen:v
bovenliepen	bovenlopen:v
bovenlopend	bovenlopen:v
bovengelopen	bovenlopen:v
buitenloop	buitenlopen:v
buitenliep	buitenlopen:v
buitenloopt	buitenlopen:v
buitenliepen	buitenlopen:v
buitenlopend	buitenlopen:v
buitengelopen	buitenlopen:v
dichtloop	dichtlopen:v
dichtliep	dichtlopen:v
dichtloopt	dichtlopen:v
dichtliepen	dichtlopen:v
dichtlopend	dichtlopen:v
dichtgelopen	dichtlopen:v
bijeenloop	bijeenlopen:v
bijeenliep	bijeenlopen:v
bijeenloopt	bijeenlopen:v
bijeenliepen	bijeenlopen:v
bijeenlopend	bijeenlopen:v
bijeengelopen	bijeenlopen:v
dooreenloop	dooreenlopen:v
dooreenliep	dooreenlopen:v
dooreenloopt	dooreenlopen:v
dooreenliepen	dooreenlopen:v
dooreenlopend	dooreenlopen:v
dooreengelopen	dooreenlopen:v
ineenloop	ineenlopen:v
ineenliep	ineenlopen:v
ineenloopt	ineenlopen:v
ineenliepen	ineenlopen:v
ineenlopend	ineenlopen:v
ineengelopen	ineenlopen:v
overeenloop	overeenlopen:v
overeenliep	overeenlopen:v
overeenloopt	overeenlopen:v
overeenliepen	overeenlopen:v
overeenlopend	overeenlopen:v
overeengelopen	overeenlopen:v
overhooploop	overhooplopen:v
overhoopliep	overhooplopen:v
overhooploopt	overhooplopen:v
overhoopliepen	overhooplopen:v
overhooplopend	overhooplopen:v
overhoopgelopen	overhooplopen:v
vrijloop	vrijlopen:v
vrijliep	vrijlopen:v
vrijloopt	vrijlopen:v
vrijliepen	vrijlopen:v
vrijlopend	vrijlopen:v
vrijgelopen	vrijlopen:v
kwijtloop	kwijtlopen:v
kwijtliep	kwijtlopen:v
kwijtloopt	kwijtlopen:v
kwijtliepen	kwijtlopen:v
kwijtlopend	kwijtlopen:v
kwijtgelopen	kwijtlopen:v
omlaagloop	omlaaglopen:v
omlaagliep	omlaaglopen:v
omlaagloopt	omlaaglopen:v
omlaagliepen	omlaaglopen:v
omlaaglopend	omlaaglopen:v
omlaaggelopen	omlaaglopen:v
verderloop	verderlopen:v
verderliep	verderlopen:v
verderloopt	verderlopen:v
verderliepen	verderlopen:v
verderlopend	verderlopen:v
verdergelopen	verderlopen:v
opzijloop	opzijlopen:v
opzijliep	opzijlopen:v
opzijloopt	opzijlopen:v
opzijliepen	opzijlopen:v
opzijlopend	opzijlopen:v
opzijgelopen	opzijlopen:v
vooraanloop	vooraanlopen:v
vooraanliep	vooraanlopen:v
vooraanloopt	vooraanlopen:v
vooraanliepen	vooraanlopen:v
vooraanlopend	vooraanlopen:v
vooraangelopen	vooraanlopen:v
gamanders	gamander:n
gamandertje	gamander:n
zingzeg	zingzeggen:v
zingzegde	zingzeggen:v
zingzegt	zingzeggen:v
zingzegden	zingzeggen:v
zingzeggend	zingzeggen:v
gezingzegd	zingzeggen:v
droogbloemen	droogbloem:n
droogbloempje	droogbloem:n
toehoorders	toehoorder:n
keuzemogelijkheden	keuzemogelijkheid:n
diskwalificeer	diskwalificeren:v
diskwalificeerde	diskwalificeren:v
diskwalificeert	diskwalificeren:v
diskwalificeerden	diskwalificeren:v
diskwalificerend	diskwalificeren:v
diskwalificaties	diskwalificatie:n
diskwalificatietje	diskwalificatie:n
kwalificaties	kwalificatie:n
kwalificatietje	kwalificatie:n
brandoefeningen	brandoefening:n
tegennatuurlijker	tegennatuurlijk:a
tegennatuurlijkst	tegennatuurlijk:a
tegennatuurlijke	tegennatuurlijk:a
tegennatuurlijkere	tegennatuurlijk:a
tegennatuurlijkste	tegennatuurlijk:a
burgerrupsen	burgerrups:n
burgerrupsje	burgerrups:n
mecenaten	mecenaat:n
blokkendozen	blokkendoos:n
blokkendoosje	blokkendoos:n
slagersmessen	slagersmes:n
slagersmesje	slagersmes:n
wereldvreemde	wereldvreemd:a
verschijningsvormen	verschijningsvorm:n
ontadem	ontademen:v
ontademde	ontademen:v
ontademt	ontademen:v
ontademden	ontademen:v
ontademend	ontademen:v
ontademd	ontademen:v
ontang	ontangen:v
ontangde	ontangen:v
ontangt	ontangen:v
ontangden	ontangen:v
ontangend	ontangen:v
ontangd	ontangen:v
ontangst	ontangsten:v
ontangstte	ontangsten:v
ontangstten	ontangsten:v
ontangstend	ontangsten:v
ontanker	ontankeren:v
ontankerde	ontankeren:v
ontankert	ontankeren:v
ontankerden	ontankeren:v
ontankerend	ontankeren:v
ontankerd	ontankeren:v
ontaromatiserenen	ontaromatiseren:v
ontaromatiserende	ontaromatiseren:v
ontaromatiserent	ontaromatiseren:v
ontaromatiserenden	ontaromatiseren:v
ontaromatiserenend	ontaromatiseren:v
ontaromatiserend	ontaromatiseren:v
ontdaag	ontdagen:v
ontdaagde	ontdagen:v
ontdaagt	ontdagen:v
ontdaagden	ontdagen:v
ontdagend	ontdagen:v
ontdaagd	ontdagen:v
ontzing	ontzingen:v
ontzong	ontzingen:v
ontzingt	ontzingen:v
ontzongen	ontzingen:v
ontzingend	ontzingen:v
ontklink	ontklinken:v
ontklonk	ontklinken:v
ontklinkt	ontklinken:v
ontklonken	ontklinken:v
ontklinkend	ontklinken:v
ontbaard	ontbaarden:v
ontbaardde	ontbaarden:v
ontbaardt	ontbaarden:v
ontbaardden	ontbaarden:v
ontbaardend	ontbaarden:v
ontbaker	ontbakeren:v
ontbakerde	ontbakeren:v
ontbakert	ontbakeren:v
ontbakerden	ontbakeren:v
ontbakerend	ontbakeren:v
ontbakerd	ontbakeren:v
ontbalasten	ontballasten:v
ontbalast	ontballasten:v
ontbalastte	ontballasten:v
ontbalastten	ontballasten:v
ontbalastend	ontballasten:v
ontbaan	ontbanen:v
ontbaande	ontbanen:v
ontbaant	ontbanen:v
ontbaanden	ontbanen:v
ontbanend	ontbanen:v
ontbaand	ontbanen:v
ontbalk	ontbalken:v
ontbalkte	ontbalken:v
ontbalkt	ontbalken:v
ontbalkten	ontbalken:v
ontbalkend	ontbalken:v
ontban	ontbannen:v
ontbande	ontbannen:v
ontbant	ontbannen:v
ontbanden	ontbannen:v
ontbannend	ontbannen:v
ontbelg	ontbelgen:v
ontbelgde	ontbelgen:v
ontbelgt	ontbelgen:v
ontbelgden	ontbelgen:v
ontbelgend	ontbelgen:v
ontbelgd	ontbelgen:v
zomervakanties	zomervakantie:n
zomervakantietje	zomervakantie:n
ontbeid	ontbeiden:v
ontbeidde	ontbeiden:v
ontbeidt	ontbeiden:v
ontbeidden	ontbeiden:v
ontbeidend	ontbeiden:v
ontbeeld	ontbeelden:v
ontbeeldde	ontbeelden:v
ontbeeldt	ontbeelden:v
ontbeeldden	ontbeelden:v
ontbeeldend	ontbeelden:v
ontbast	ontbasten:v
ontbastte	ontbasten:v
ontbastten	ontbasten:v
ontbastend	ontbasten:v
ontbarst	ontbarsten:v
ontbarstte	ontbarsten:v
ontbarstten	ontbarsten:v
ontbarstend	ontbarsten:v
ontbeursen	ontbeurzen:v
ontbeurs	ontbeurzen:v
ontbeurste	ontbeurzen:v
ontbeurst	ontbeurzen:v
ontbeursten	ontbeurzen:v
ontbeursend	ontbeurzen:v
ontbitter	ontbitteren:v
ontbitterde	ontbitteren:v
ontbittert	ontbitteren:v
ontbitterden	ontbitteren:v
ontbitterend	ontbitteren:v
ontbitterd	ontbitteren:v
ontblad	ontbladen:v
ontbladde	ontbladen:v
ontbladt	ontbladen:v
ontbladden	ontbladen:v
ontbladend	ontbladen:v
vacantie	vakantie:n
ontblaak	ontblaken:v
ontblaakte	ontblaken:v
ontblaakt	ontblaken:v
ontblaakten	ontblaken:v
ontblakend	ontblaken:v
ontblaker	ontblakeren:v
ontblakerde	ontblakeren:v
ontblakert	ontblakeren:v
ontblakerden	ontblakeren:v
ontblakerend	ontblakeren:v
ontblakerd	ontblakeren:v
beroepsmilitairen	beroepsmilitair:n
tijdsperiodes	tijdsperiode:n
tijdsperioden	tijdsperiode:n
voorjaarsvakanties	voorjaarsvakantie:n
voorjaarsvakantietje	voorjaarsvakantie:n
zwart-witte	zwart-wit:a
adelaarsvarens	adelaarsvaren:n
adelaarsvarentje	adelaarsvaren:n
kroosvarens	kroosvaren:n
kroosvarentje	kroosvaren:n
metathesen	metathese:n
laatdunkender	laatdunkend:a
laatdunkendst	laatdunkend:a
laatdunkende	laatdunkend:a
laatdunkendere	laatdunkend:a
laatdunkendste	laatdunkend:a
laagdunkender	laagdunkend:a
laagdunkendst	laagdunkend:a
laagdunkende	laagdunkend:a
laagdunkendere	laagdunkend:a
laagdunkendste	laagdunkend:a
sluipreclames	sluipreclame:n
bedoeningen	bedoening:n
bedoeninkje	bedoening:n
zoetgevooisde	zoetgevooisd:a
slachttanden	slachttand:n
slachttandje	slachttand:n
zuurverdiende	zuurverdiend:a
vrijblijvender	vrijblijvend:a
vrijblijvendst	vrijblijvend:a
vrijblijvende	vrijblijvend:a
vrijblijvendere	vrijblijvend:a
vrijblijvendste	vrijblijvend:a
voorpagina's	voorpagina:n
voorpaginaatje	voorpagina:n
Hagenaren	Hagenaar:n
Hagenaars	Hagenaar:n
Hagenaartje	Hagenaar:n
onthars	ontharsen:v
ontharste	ontharsen:v
ontharst	ontharsen:v
ontharsten	ontharsen:v
ontharsend	ontharsen:v
ontsteen	ontstenen:v
ontsteende	ontstenen:v
ontsteent	ontstenen:v
ontsteenden	ontstenen:v
ontstenend	ontstenen:v
ontsteend	ontstenen:v
ontbloem	ontbloemen:v
ontbloemde	ontbloemen:v
ontbloemt	ontbloemen:v
ontbloemden	ontbloemen:v
ontbloemend	ontbloemen:v
ontbloemd	ontbloemen:v
ontbloesem	ontbloesemen:v
ontbloesemde	ontbloesemen:v
ontbloesemt	ontbloesemen:v
ontbloesemden	ontbloesemen:v
ontbloesemend	ontbloesemen:v
ontbloesemd	ontbloesemen:v
werkstukken	werkstuk:n
werkstukje	werkstuk:n
optionele	optioneel:a
schooljaren	schooljaar:n
schooljaartje	schooljaar:n
leerjaren	leerjaar:n
leerjaartje	leerjaar:n
reikhals	reikhalzen:v
reikhalsde	reikhalzen:v
reikhalst	reikhalzen:v
reikhalsden	reikhalzen:v
reikhalzend	reikhalzen:v
gereikhalsd	reikhalzen:v
studiejaren	studiejaar:n
studiejaartje	studiejaar:n
academiejaren	academiejaar:n
academiejaartje	academiejaar:n
vertrouwenspersonen	vertrouwenspersoon:n
vertrouwenspersoontje	vertrouwenspersoon:n
verstoringen	verstoring:n
verstorinkje	verstoring:n
slachtvelden	slachtveld:n
slachtveldje	slachtveld:n
ontvuur	ontvuren:v
ontvuurde	ontvuren:v
ontvuurt	ontvuren:v
ontvuurden	ontvuren:v
ontvurend	ontvuren:v
ontvuurd	ontvuren:v
ontstorm	ontstormen:v
ontstormde	ontstormen:v
ontstormt	ontstormen:v
ontstormden	ontstormen:v
ontstormend	ontstormen:v
ontstormd	ontstormen:v
ontgiftig	ontgiftigen:v
ontgiftigde	ontgiftigen:v
ontgiftigt	ontgiftigen:v
ontgiftigden	ontgiftigen:v
ontgiftigend	ontgiftigen:v
ontgiftigd	ontgiftigen:v
ontgist	ontgisten:v
ontgistte	ontgisten:v
ontgistten	ontgisten:v
ontgistend	ontgisten:v
ontgeel	ontgelen:v
ontgeelde	ontgelen:v
ontgeelt	ontgelen:v
ontgeelden	ontgelen:v
ontgelend	ontgelen:v
ontgeeld	ontgelen:v
ontfonker	ontfonkeren:v
ontfonkerde	ontfonkeren:v
ontfonkert	ontfonkeren:v
ontfonkerden	ontfonkeren:v
ontfonkerend	ontfonkeren:v
ontfonkerd	ontfonkeren:v
ontvonker	ontvonkeren:v
ontvonkerde	ontvonkeren:v
ontvonkert	ontvonkeren:v
ontvonkerden	ontvonkeren:v
ontvonkerend	ontvonkeren:v
ontvonkerd	ontvonkeren:v
vertrouwelijker	vertrouwelijk:a
vertrouwelijkst	vertrouwelijk:a
vertrouwelijke	vertrouwelijk:a
vertrouwelijkere	vertrouwelijk:a
vertrouwelijkste	vertrouwelijk:a
reserveringen	reservering:n
ontzeng	ontzengen:v
ontzengde	ontzengen:v
ontzengt	ontzengen:v
ontzengden	ontzengen:v
ontzengend	ontzengen:v
ontzengd	ontzengen:v
ontbijster	ontbijsteren:v
ontbijsterde	ontbijsteren:v
ontbijstert	ontbijsteren:v
ontbijsterden	ontbijsteren:v
ontbijsterend	ontbijsteren:v
ontbijsterd	ontbijsteren:v
ontblok	ontblokken:v
ontblokte	ontblokken:v
ontblokt	ontblokken:v
ontblokten	ontblokken:v
ontblokkend	ontblokken:v
ontbot	ontbotten:v
ontbotte	ontbotten:v
ontbottend	ontbotten:v
ontnaakt	ontnaakten:v
ontnaaktte	ontnaakten:v
ontnaaktten	ontnaakten:v
ontnaaktend	ontnaakten:v
verdubbelingen	verdubbeling:n
ontver	ontverren:v
ontverde	ontverren:v
ontvert	ontverren:v
ontverden	ontverren:v
ontverrend	ontverren:v
ontverd	ontverren:v
ontbom	ontbommen:v
ontbomde	ontbommen:v
ontbomt	ontbommen:v
ontbomden	ontbommen:v
ontbommend	ontbommen:v
ontbomd	ontbommen:v
luchtbevochtigers	luchtbevochtiger:n
Tamoeshi	Tamushi:m
Tamusi	Tamushi:m
klassementen	klassement:n
klassementje	klassement:n
ontbruis	ontbruisen:v
ontbruiste	ontbruisen:v
ontbruist	ontbruisen:v
ontbruisten	ontbruisen:v
ontbruisend	ontbruisen:v
profielfoto's	profielfoto:n
profielfotootje	profielfoto:n
profielwerkstukken	profielwerkstuk:n
profielwerkstukje	profielwerkstuk:n
puzzelstukken	puzzelstuk:n
puzzelstukje	puzzelstuk:n
legpuzzels	legpuzzel:n
legpuzzeltje	legpuzzel:n
vetmuren	vetmuur:n
vetmuurtje	vetmuur:n
krielparnassia's	krielparnassia:n
krielparnassiaatje	krielparnassia:n
kelkbloemen	kelkbloem:n
kelkbloempje	kelkbloem:n
merkbaarder	merkbaar:a
merkbaarst	merkbaar:a
merkbare	merkbaar:a
merkbaardere	merkbaar:a
merkbaarste	merkbaar:a
voelbaarder	voelbaar:a
voelbaarst	voelbaar:a
voelbare	voelbaar:a
voelbaardere	voelbaar:a
voelbaarste	voelbaar:a
manipulaties	manipulatie:n
manipulatietje	manipulatie:n
spagaten	spagaat:n
spagaatje	spagaat:n
vergeteler	vergetel:a
vergetelst	vergetel:a
vergetele	vergetel:a
vergetelere	vergetel:a
vergetelste	vergetel:a
vergetelboeken	vergetelboek:n
vergetelboekje	vergetelboek:n
eenigerlei	enigerlei:t
Mexicanen	Mexicaan:n
Mexicaantje	Mexicaan:n
oogpunten	oogpunt:n
oogpuntje	oogpunt:n
onvollediger	onvolledig:a
onvolledigst	onvolledig:a
onvolledige	onvolledig:a
onvolledigere	onvolledig:a
onvolledigste	onvolledig:a
allesomvattender	allesomvattend:a
allesomvattendst	allesomvattend:a
allesomvattende	allesomvattend:a
allesomvattendere	allesomvattend:a
allesomvattendste	allesomvattend:a
incompleter	incompleet:a
incompleetst	incompleet:a
incomplete	incompleet:a
incompletere	incompleet:a
incompleetste	incompleet:a
kompleet	compleet:a
formaties	formatie:n
formatietje	formatie:n
brooike	broodje:n
procentpunten	procentpunt:n
procentpuntje	procentpunt:n
verwachtingspatronen	verwachtingspatroon:n
doornsluipers	doornsluiper:n
doornsluipertje	doornsluiper:n
negotiaties	negotiatie:n
negotiatietje	negotiatie:n
waterviolieren	waterviolier:n
watervioliertje	waterviolier:n
herverdeel	herverdelen:v
herverdeelde	herverdelen:v
herverdeelt	herverdelen:v
herverdeelden	herverdelen:v
herverdelend	herverdelen:v
herverdeeld	herverdelen:v
gezondheidstoestanden	gezondheidstoestand:n
veiligheidsdiensten	veiligheidsdienst:n
rondneus	rondneuzen:v
rondneusde	rondneuzen:v
rondneust	rondneuzen:v
rondneusden	rondneuzen:v
rondneuzend	rondneuzen:v
rondgeneusd	rondneuzen:v
herstructureringen	herstructurering:n
herverdelingen	herverdeling:n
veêl	vedel:n
oogtalen	oogtaal:n
eunjers	eunjer:n
eunjertje	eunjer:n
eunjere	eunjer:a
zeeasters	zeeaster:n
zeeastertje	zeeaster:n
lamsoren	lamsoor:n
lamsoortje	lamsoor:n
kniesoren	kniesoor:n
kniesoortje	kniesoor:n
knies	kniezen:v
kniesde	kniezen:v
kniest	kniezen:v
kniesden	kniezen:v
kniezend	kniezen:v
gekniesd	kniezen:v
Onger	Honger:n
bamischijven	bamischijf:n
bamischijfje	bamischijf:n
bamihappen	bamihap:n
bamihapje	bamihap:n
bakabana's	bakabana:n
fluimen	fluim:n
fluimpje	fluim:n
Drenten	Drent:n
Drentje	Drent:n
Twenten	Twent:n
Twentje	Twent:n
Twentenaren	Twentenaar:n
Twentenaartje	Twentenaar:n
scrabbel	scrabbelen:v
scrabbelde	scrabbelen:v
scrabbelt	scrabbelen:v
scrabbelden	scrabbelen:v
scrabbelend	scrabbelen:v
gescrabbeld	scrabbelen:v
röntgenstralen	röntgenstraal:n
röntgenstraaltje	röntgenstraal:n
broodheren	broodheer:n
broodheertje	broodheer:n
nichteriger	nichterig:a
nichterigst	nichterig:a
nichterige	nichterig:a
nichterigere	nichterig:a
nichterigste	nichterig:a
Nimmegen	Nijmegen:m
vastklamp	vastklampen:v
vastklampte	vastklampen:v
vastklampt	vastklampen:v
vastklampten	vastklampen:v
vastklampend	vastklampen:v
vastgeklampt	vastklampen:v
Overijsselse	Overijssels:a
Overijsselaars	Overijsselaar:n
Noordzeegermaanse	Noordzeegermaans:a
Ingveoonse	Ingveoons:a
erfvijandschappen	erfvijandschap:n
etnocentrische	etnocentrisch:a
Jenissei	Jenisej:m
oorlogstrauma's	oorlogstrauma:n
oorlogstraumata	oorlogstrauma:n
oorlogsfilms	oorlogsfilm:n
oorlogsfilmpje	oorlogsfilm:n
oorlogsromans	oorlogsroman:n
oorlogsromannetje	oorlogsroman:n
oorlogsmoeie	oorlogsmoe:a
oorlogsbegrotingen	oorlogsbegroting:n
oorlogsfotografen	oorlogsfotograaf:n
oorlogstonelen	oorlogstoneel:n
oorlogsindustrieën	oorlogsindustrie:n
stemspleten	stemspleet:n
jokerde	jokeren:v
jokert	jokeren:v
jokerden	jokeren:v
jokerend	jokeren:v
gejokerd	jokeren:v
keilers	keiler:n
keilertje	keiler:n
steenkoolwinningen	steenkoolwinning:n
Godsnaam	godsnaam:n
netpanty's	netpanty:n
netpanty'tje	netpanty:n
autogarages	autogarage:n
reservaties	reservatie:n
hertshoorns	hertshoorn:n
hertshoorntje	hertshoorn:n
onbezoldigde	onbezoldigd:a
waterweegbreeën	waterweegbree:n
illustratiever	illustratief:a
illustratiefst	illustratief:a
illustratieve	illustratief:a
illustratievere	illustratief:a
illustratiefste	illustratief:a
godezijdank	godzijdank:i
functionaliteiten	functionaliteit:n
functionaliteitje	functionaliteit:n
derdelanders	derdelander:n
veiligelanders	veiligelander:n
legitimaties	legitimatie:n
legitimatietje	legitimatie:n
legitimiteiten	legitimiteit:n
legitimiteitje	legitimiteit:n
lidrussen	lidrus:n
rummikup	rummikuppen:v
rummikupte	rummikuppen:v
rummikupt	rummikuppen:v
rummikupten	rummikuppen:v
rummikuppend	rummikuppen:v
gerummikupt	rummikuppen:v
rummikubben	rummikuppen:v
wordfeud	wordfeuden:v
wordfeudde	wordfeuden:v
wordfeudt	wordfeuden:v
wordfeudden	wordfeuden:v
wordfeudend	wordfeuden:v
gewordfeud	wordfeuden:v
faciliteer	faciliteren:v
faciliteerde	faciliteren:v
faciliteert	faciliteren:v
faciliteerden	faciliteren:v
faciliterend	faciliteren:v
gefaciliteerd	faciliteren:v
balletschoenen	balletschoen:n
balletschoentje	balletschoen:n
ordinairder	ordinair:a
ordinairst	ordinair:a
ordinairdere	ordinair:a
ordinairste	ordinair:a
cc	cc'en:v
cc'de	cc'en:v
cc't	cc'en:v
cc'den	cc'en:v
cc'end	cc'en:v
ge-cc'd	cc'en:v
nabesprekingen	nabespreking:n
uivers	uiver:n
uivertje	uiver:n
configureer	configureren:v
configureerde	configureren:v
configureert	configureren:v
configureerden	configureren:v
configurerend	configureren:v
geconfigureerd	configureren:v
hygiënischer	hygiënisch:a
hygiënischt	hygiënisch:a
hygiënische	hygiënisch:a
hygiënischere	hygiënisch:a
hygiënischte	hygiënisch:a
hygiënisten	hygiënist:n
hygiënistje	hygiënist:n
mondhygiënisten	mondhygiënist:n
mondhygiënistje	mondhygiënist:n
donderdagmiddagen	donderdagmiddag:n
donderdagmiddagje	donderdagmiddag:n
meetel	meetellen:v
meetelde	meetellen:v
meetelt	meetellen:v
meetelden	meetellen:v
meetellend	meetellen:v
meegeteld	meetellen:v
schematiseer	schematiseren:v
schematiseerde	schematiseren:v
schematiseert	schematiseren:v
schematiseerden	schematiseren:v
schematiserend	schematiseren:v
geschematiseerd	schematiseren:v
kwantificeer	kwantificeren:v
kwantificeerde	kwantificeren:v
kwantificeert	kwantificeren:v
kwantificeerden	kwantificeren:v
kwantificerend	kwantificeren:v
gekwantificeerd	kwantificeren:v
kwantificeerbaarder	kwantificeerbaar:a
kwantificeerbaarst	kwantificeerbaar:a
kwantificeerbare	kwantificeerbaar:a
kwantificeerbaardere	kwantificeerbaar:a
kwantificeerbaarste	kwantificeerbaar:a
kwantificaties	kwantificatie:n
kwantificatietje	kwantificatie:n
autorisaties	autorisatie:n
autoriseer	autoriseren:v
autoriseerde	autoriseren:v
autoriseert	autoriseren:v
autoriseerden	autoriseren:v
autoriserend	autoriseren:v
geautoriseerd	autoriseren:v
authenticaties	authenticatie:n
aannemingen	aanneming:n
aanneminkje	aanneming:n
boekenwinkels	boekenwinkel:n
boekenwinkeltje	boekenwinkel:n
doorneem	doornemen:v
doornam	doornemen:v
doorneemt	doornemen:v
doornamen	doornemen:v
doornemend	doornemen:v
doorgenomen	doornemen:v
polairder	polair:a
polairst	polair:a
polaire	polair:a
polairdere	polair:a
polairste	polair:a
verloskundigen	verloskundige:n
escalaties	escalatie:n
escalatietje	escalatie:n
escaleer	escaleren:v
escaleerde	escaleren:v
escaleert	escaleren:v
escaleerden	escaleren:v
escalerend	escaleren:v
geëscaleerd	escaleren:v
luchtkwaliteiten	luchtkwaliteit:n
luchtkwaliteitje	luchtkwaliteit:n
logistieker	logistiek:a
logistiekst	logistiek:a
logistieke	logistiek:a
logistiekere	logistiek:a
logistiekste	logistiek:a
kiepwagens	kiepwagen:n
kiepwagentje	kiepwagen:n
kiep	kiepen:v
kiepte	kiepen:v
kiept	kiepen:v
kiepten	kiepen:v
kiepend	kiepen:v
gekiept	kiepen:v
diagonaliseer	diagonaliseren:v
diagonaliseerde	diagonaliseren:v
diagonaliseert	diagonaliseren:v
diagonaliseerden	diagonaliseren:v
diagonaliserend	diagonaliseren:v
gediagonaliseerd	diagonaliseren:v
diagonalisaties	diagonalisatie:n
diagonalisatietje	diagonalisatie:n
diagonaliseerbare	diagonaliseerbaar:a
visualiseer	visualiseren:n
visualiseerde	visualiseren:n
visualiseert	visualiseren:n
visualiseerden	visualiseren:n
visualiserend	visualiseren:n
gevisualiseerd	visualiseren:n
visualisaties	visualisatie:n
visualisatietje	visualisatie:n
visionairder	visionair:a
visionairst	visionair:a
visionaire	visionair:a
visionairdere	visionair:a
visionairste	visionair:a
visionairs	visionair:n
visionairtje	visionair:n
specialisaties	specialisatie:n
specialisatietje	specialisatie:n
specialismen	specialisme:n
logeergebouwen	logeergebouw:n
logeergebouwtje	logeergebouw:n
staatslogeergebouwen	staatslogeergebouw:n
staatslogeergebouwtje	staatslogeergebouw:n
hups	hupsen:v
hupste	hupsen:v
hupst	hupsen:v
hupsten	hupsen:v
hupsend	hupsen:v
gehupst	hupsen:v
rondhups	rondhupsen:v
rondhupste	rondhupsen:v
rondhupst	rondhupsen:v
rondhupsten	rondhupsen:v
rondhupsend	rondhupsen:v
rondgehupst	rondhupsen:v
rondhup	rondhuppen:v
rondhupte	rondhuppen:v
rondhupt	rondhuppen:v
rondhupten	rondhuppen:v
rondhuppend	rondhuppen:v
rondgehupt	rondhuppen:v
onvolmaakter	onvolmaakt:a
onvolmaaktst	onvolmaakt:a
onvolmaakte	onvolmaakt:a
onvolmaaktere	onvolmaakt:a
onvolmaaktste	onvolmaakt:a
perfecties	perfectie:n
perfectietje	perfectie:n
perfectioniste	perfectionist:n
perfectionistischer	perfectionistisch:a
perfectionistischt	perfectionistisch:a
perfectionistische	perfectionistisch:a
perfectionistischere	perfectionistisch:a
perfectionistischte	perfectionistisch:a
Litouwers	Litouwer:n
Litouwertje	Litouwer:n
Slovenen	Sloveen:n
Sloveentje	Sloveen:n
imperfecties	imperfectie:n
imperfectietje	imperfectie:n
onvolmaaktheden	onvolmaaktheid:n
onvolmaaktheidje	onvolmaaktheid:n
Parijzenaars	Parijzenaar:n
zwanenhalsfuten	zwanenhalsfuut:n
zwanenhalsfuutje	zwanenhalsfuut:n
spruitjesgeuren	spruitjesgeur:n
spruitjesgeurtje	spruitjesgeur:n
mankepoten	mankepoot:n
mankepootje	mankepoot:n
heken	heek:n
heekje	heek:n
toverkollen	toverkol:n
toverkolletje	toverkol:n
opvet	opvetten:v
opvette	opvetten:v
opvettend	opvetten:v
opgevet	opvetten:v
vlaggenparades	vlaggenparade:n
afkeuringen	afkeuring:n
bedingingen	bedinging:n
minnelijker	minnelijk:a
minnelijkst	minnelijk:a
minnelijke	minnelijk:a
minnelijkere	minnelijk:a
minnelijkste	minnelijk:a
experimentaties	experimentatie:n
experimentatietje	experimentatie:n
nasynchronisaties	nasynchronisatie:n
nasynchronisatietje	nasynchronisatie:n
synchronisaties	synchronisatie:n
synchronisatietje	synchronisatie:n
tegenboden	tegenbod:n
knetterleuke	knetterleuk:a
knettergestoorde	knettergestoord:a
knettergeks	knettergek:a
knettergestoords	knettergestoord:a
verstoorbaarder	verstoorbaar:a
verstoorbaarst	verstoorbaar:a
verstoorbare	verstoorbaar:a
verstoorbaardere	verstoorbaar:a
verstoorbaarste	verstoorbaar:a
knettergeile	knettergeil:a
verzottend	verzotten:v
cultiveer	cultiveren:v
cultiveerde	cultiveren:v
cultiveert	cultiveren:v
cultiveerden	cultiveren:v
cultiverend	cultiveren:v
gecultiveerd	cultiveren:v
achterkom	achterkomen:v
achterkwam	achterkomen:v
achterkomt	achterkomen:v
achterkwamen	achterkomen:v
achterkomend	achterkomen:v
achtergekomen	achterkomen:v
kwakers	kwaker:n
kwakertje	kwaker:n
parkeenden	parkeend:n
parkeendje	parkeend:n
genderidentiteiten	genderidentiteit:n
genderidentiteitje	genderidentiteit:n
moerasschermen	moerasscherm:n
moerasschermpje	moerasscherm:n
lachwekkender	lachwekkend:a
lachwekkendst	lachwekkend:a
lachwekkende	lachwekkend:a
lachwekkendere	lachwekkend:a
lachwekkendste	lachwekkend:a
rooktheeën	rookthee:n
rooktheetje	rookthee:n
rookbieren	rookbier:n
rookbiertje	rookbier:n
teeën	tee:n
zemmels	zemmel:n
zemmeltje	zemmel:n
slees	slee:a
sleeërs	slee:a
praatgrager	praatgraag:a
praatgraagst	praatgraag:a
praatgrage	praatgraag:a
praatgragere	praatgraag:a
praatgraagste	praatgraag:a
praatgragen	praatgraag:n
praatgraagje	praatgraag:n
herinderen	herinneren:v
uitpraat	uitpraten:v
uitpraatte	uitpraten:v
uitpraatten	uitpraten:v
uitpratend	uitpraten:v
uitgepraat	uitpraten:v
recycleer	recycleren:v
recycleerde	recycleren:v
recycleert	recycleren:v
recycleerden	recycleren:v
recyclerend	recycleren:v
gerecycleerd	recycleren:v
recyclebaarder	recyclebaar:a
recyclebaarst	recyclebaar:a
recycleerbaarder	recycleerbaar:a
recycleerbaarst	recycleerbaar:a
stuiptrekkingen	stuiptrekking:n
stuiptrekkinkje	stuiptrekking:n
opgebruik	opgebruiken:v
opgebruikte	opgebruiken:v
opgebruikt	opgebruiken:v
opgebruikten	opgebruiken:v
opgebruikend	opgebruiken:v
huidziekten	huidziekte:n
huidziektes	huidziekte:n
teenslippers	teenslipper:n
teenslippertje	teenslipper:n
bloemistes	bloemiste:n
beleefdheidsformules	beleefdheidsformule:n
suc6	succes:i
stuipje	stuip:n
recenseer	recenseren:v
recenseerde	recenseren:v
recenseert	recenseren:v
recenseerden	recenseren:v
recenserend	recenseren:v
gerecenseerd	recenseren:v
alliteraties	alliteratie:n
alliteratietje	alliteratie:n
allitteratie	alliteratie:n
allitereer	allitereren:v
allitereerde	allitereren:v
allitereert	allitereren:v
allitereerden	allitereren:v
allitererend	allitereren:v
geallitereerd	allitereren:v
allittereren	allitereren:v
F-siders	F-sider:n
F-sidertje	F-sider:n
F-Sider	F-sider:n
Ajacieden	Ajacied:n
Ajaciedje	Ajacied:n
remarquabeler	remarquabel:a
remarquabelst	remarquabel:a
remarquabele	remarquabel:a
remarquabelere	remarquabel:a
remarquabelste	remarquabel:a
hellep	help:i
hellup	help:i
ereschavotten	ereschavot:n
ereschavotje	ereschavot:n
geens	geen:t
enigs	enig:t
stiekempjes	stiekem:d
lineaal	liniaal:n
gehaktbroden	gehaktbrood:n
gehaktbroodje	gehaktbrood:n
fabuleer	fabuleren:v
fabuleerde	fabuleren:v
fabuleert	fabuleren:v
fabuleerden	fabuleren:v
fabulerend	fabuleren:v
gefabuleerd	fabuleren:v
zeikesnat	zeiknat:a
voetbalwedstrijden	voetbalwedstrijd:n
voetbalwedstrijdje	voetbalwedstrijd:n
geluksbrengers	geluksbrenger:n
geluksbrengertje	geluksbrenger:n
hoorcolleges	hoorcollege:n
omdoe	omdoen:v
omdeed	omdoen:v
omdoet	omdoen:v
omdeden	omdoen:v
omdoend	omdoen:v
omgedaan	omdoen:v
fotoshop	fotoshoppen:v
fotoshopte	fotoshoppen:v
fotoshopt	fotoshoppen:v
fotoshopten	fotoshoppen:v
fotoshoppend	fotoshoppen:v
gefotoshopt	fotoshoppen:v
kampeerders	kampeerder:n
kampeerdertje	kampeerder:n
zijdes	zijde:n|zij:n
liefdesdaden	liefdesdaad:n
oriënteer	oriënteren:v
oriënteerde	oriënteren:v
oriënteert	oriënteren:v
oriënteerden	oriënteren:v
oriënterend	oriënteren:v
georiënteerd	oriënteren:v
goedkopers	goedkoper:a
zoets	zoet:a
kantoorgebouwen	kantoorgebouw:n
kantoorgebouwtje	kantoorgebouw:n
pizzadozen	pizzadoos:n
zwemtrainingen	zwemtraining:n
klachtenbrieven	klachtenbrief:n
klachtbrief	klachtenbrief:n
vrijgekomen	vrijkomen:v
vrijkom	vrijkomen:v
vrijkwam	vrijkomen:v
vrijkomt	vrijkomen:v
vrijkwamen	vrijkomen:v
vrijkomend	vrijkomen:v
aggressief	agressief:a
aggressiviteit	agressiviteit:n
kunstprojecten	kunstproject:n
kunstprojectje	kunstproject:n
sportsokken	sportsok:n
sportsokje	sportsok:n
saldeer	salderen:v
saldeerde	salderen:v
saldeert	salderen:v
saldeerden	salderen:v
salderend	salderen:v
gesaldeerd	salderen:v
genotsknotsen	genotsknots:n
genotsknotsje	genotsknots:n
Aalbers	Albers:m
Aelbers	Albers:m
schijnaardbeien	schijnaardbei:n
schijnaardbeitje	schijnaardbei:n
viltiger	viltig:a
viltigst	viltig:a
viltige	viltig:a
viltigere	viltig:a
viltigste	viltig:a
viltganzeriken	viltganzerik:n
viltganzerikje	viltganzerik:n
takkezooitje	takkezooi:n
takkeneind	takke-eind:n
kaltstel	kaltstellen:v
kaltstelde	kaltstellen:v
kaltstelt	kaltstellen:v
kaltstelden	kaltstellen:v
kaltstellend	kaltstellen:v
kaltgesteld	kaltstellen:v
slaaptreinen	slaaptrein:n
slaaptreintje	slaaptrein:n
samengewoond	samenwonen:v
samenwoon	samenwonen:v
samenwoonde	samenwonen:v
samenwoont	samenwonen:v
samenwoonden	samenwonen:v
samenwonend	samenwonen:v
doorgeknipt	doorknippen:v
doorknip	doorknippen:v
doorknipte	doorknippen:v
doorknipt	doorknippen:v
doorknipten	doorknippen:v
doorknippend	doorknippen:v
fluitekruid	fluitenkruid:n
psycholinguïsten	psycholinguïst:n
grondvormen	grondvorm:n
grondvormpje	grondvorm:n
volschrijf	volschrijven:v
volschreef	volschrijven:v
volschrijft	volschrijven:v
volschreven	volschrijven:v
volschrijvend	volschrijven:v
volgeschreven	volschrijven:v
wandborden	wandbord:n
wandbordje	wandbord:n
werkkamers	werkkamer:n
werkkamertje	werkkamer:n
Nijmeegser	Nijmeegs:a
Nijmeegst	Nijmeegs:a
Nijmeegse	Nijmeegs:a
Nijmeegsere	Nijmeegs:a
Nijmeegste	Nijmeegs:a
Nijmeegsen	Nijmeegse:n
bevlogener	bevlogen:a
bevlogenst	bevlogen:a
bevlogenste	bevlogen:a
studieobjecten	studieobject:n
luistervaardigheden	luistervaardigheid:a
oud-premiers	oud-premier:n
opensta	openstaan:v
openstond	openstaan:v
openstaat	openstaan:v
openstonden	openstaan:v
openstaand	openstaan:v
opengestaan	openstaan:v
bakkerswinkels	bakkerswinkel:n
bakkerswinkeltje	bakkerswinkel:n
onbeklemtoonde	onbeklemtoond:a
onbeklemtoonder	onbeklemtoond:a
onbeklemtoondst	onbeklemtoond:a
onbeklemtoondere	onbeklemtoond:a
onbeklemtoondste	onbeklemtoond:a
hoogfrequenter	hoogfrequent:a
hoogfrequentst	hoogfrequent:a
hoogfrequente	hoogfrequent:a
hoogfrequentere	hoogfrequent:a
hoogfrequentste	hoogfrequent:a
aansturingen	aansturing:n
aansturinkje	aansturing:n
spraakorganen	spraakorgaan:n
spraakorgaantje	spraakorgaan:n
een-tweetjes	een-tweetje:n
intercultureler	intercultureel:a
intercultureelst	intercultureel:a
interculturele	intercultureel:a
interculturelere	intercultureel:a
intercultureelste	intercultureel:a
wijnkaarten	wijnkaart:n
wijnkaartje	wijnkaart:n
projectmanagers	projectmanager:n
Aziatischen	Aziatische:n
conflicthanteringen	conflicthantering:n
spijtoptanten	spijtoptant:n
spijtoptantje	spijtoptant:n
kennismakingsronden	kennismakingsronde:n
kennismakingsrondes	kennismakingsronde:n
wiki	wikiën:v
wikiede	wikiën:v
wikiet	wikiën:v
wikieden	wikiën:v
wikiënd	wikiën:v
gewikied	wikiën:v
praktijkervaringen	praktijkervaring:n
monkelde	monkelen:v
monkel	monkelen:v
monkelt	monkelen:v
monkelden	monkelen:v
monkelend	monkelen:v
gemonkeld	monkelen:v
uitgevist	uitvissen:v
uitvis	uitvissen:v
uitviste	uitvissen:v
uitvist	uitvissen:v
uitvisten	uitvissen:v
uitvissend	uitvissen:v
klip-en-klaarder	klip-en-klaar:a
klip-en-klaarst	klip-en-klaar:a
klip-en-klare	klip-en-klaar:a
klip-en-klaardere	klip-en-klaar:a
klip-en-klaarste	klip-en-klaar:a
onverleter	onverlet:a
onverletst	onverlet:a
onverlete	onverlet:a
onverletere	onverlet:a
onverletste	onverlet:a
cultuurverschillen	cultuurverschil:n
cultuurverschilletje	cultuurverschil:n
masculiene	masculien:a
masculiener	masculien:a
masculienst	masculien:a
masculienere	masculien:a
masculienste	masculien:a
opteer	opteren:v
opteerde	opteren:v
opteert	opteren:v
opteerden	opteren:v
opterend	opteren:v
geopteerd	opteren:v
opgeteerd	opteren:v
optaties	optatie:n
optatietje	optatie:n
stipuleer	stipuleren:v
stipuleerde	stipuleren:v
stipuleert	stipuleren:v
stipuleerden	stipuleren:v
stipulerend	stipuleren:v
gestipuleerd	stipuleren:v
stipulaties	stipulatie:n
stipulatietje	stipulatie:n
tokkelbanen	tokkelbaan:n
tokkelbaantje	tokkelbaan:n
coördineer	coördineren:v
coördineerde	coördineren:v
coördineert	coördineren:v
coördineerden	coördineren:v
coördinerend	coördineren:v
gecoördineerd	coördineren:v
coördinaties	coördinatie:n
coördinatietje	coördinatie:n
coördinatiever	coördinatief:a
coördinatiefst	coördinatief:a
coördinatieve	coördinatief:a
coördinatievere	coördinatief:a
coördinatiefste	coördinatief:a
voorkoombaarder	voorkoombaar:a
voorkoombaarst	voorkoombaar:a
voorkoombare	voorkoombaar:a
voorkoombaardere	voorkoombaar:a
voorkoombaarste	voorkoombaar:a
keukenpapiertje	keukenpapier:n
toiletpapiertje	toiletpapier:n
kransgrassen	kransgras:n
uitverkorenen	uitverkorene:n
prefereer	prefereren:v
prefereerde	prefereren:v
prefereert	prefereren:v
prefereerden	prefereren:v
prefererend	prefereren:v
geprefereerd	prefereren:v
draviken	dravik:n
dravikje	dravik:n
hitsiger	hitsig:a
hitsigst	hitsig:a
hitsige	hitsig:a
hitsigere	hitsig:a
hitsigste	hitsig:a
hittiger	hittig:a
hittigst	hittig:a
hittige	hittig:a
hittigere	hittig:a
hittigste	hittig:a
narcistischer	narcistisch:a
narcistischt	narcistisch:a
narcistische	narcistisch:a
narcistischere	narcistisch:a
narcistischte	narcistisch:a
diezelfden	diezelfde:r
walstroleeuwenbekken	walstroleeuwenbek:n
walstroleeuwenbekje	walstroleeuwenbek:n
tukte	tukken:v
tukt	tukken:v
tukten	tukken:v
tukkend	tukken:v
getukt	tukken:v
zelfvoorzienender	zelfvoorzienend:a
zelfvoorzienendst	zelfvoorzienend:a
zelfvoorzienende	zelfvoorzienend:a
zelfvoorzienendere	zelfvoorzienend:a
zelfvoorzienendste	zelfvoorzienend:a
onvoorziener	onvoorzien:a
onvoorzienst	onvoorzien:a
onvoorziene	onvoorzien:a
onvoorzienere	onvoorzien:a
onvoorzienste	onvoorzien:a
hoofddelen	hoofddeel:n
boekenafdelingen	boekenafdeling:n
productieafdelingen	productieafdeling:n
afschrikmiddelen	afschrikmiddel:n
afschrikmiddeltje	afschrikmiddel:n
gps'en	gps:n
geloofsdaden	geloofsdaad:n
notificaties	notificatie:n
notificatietje	notificatie:n
droeftoeters	droeftoeter:n
droeftoetertje	droeftoeter:n
spuugzatte	spuugzat:a
spuugzatste	spuugzat:a
kalligrafische	kalligrafisch:a
kaasknabbels	kaasknabbel:n
kaasknabbeltje	kaasknabbel:n
zuipers	zuiper:n
zuipertje	zuiper:n
melksnorren	melksnor:n
melksnorretje	melksnor:n
allesverzengender	allesverzengend:a
allesverzengendst	allesverzengend:a
allesverzengende	allesverzengend:a
allesverzengendere	allesverzengend:a
allesverzengendste	allesverzengend:a
aaneenregen	aaneenrijgen:v
aaneenrijg	aaneenrijgen:v
aaneenreeg	aaneenrijgen:v
aaneenrijgt	aaneenrijgen:v
aaneenreegen	aaneenrijgen:v
aaneenregend	aaneenrijgen:v
aaneengeregen	aaneenrijgen:v
aankruis	aankruisen:v
aankruiste	aankruisen:v
aankruist	aankruisen:v
aankruisten	aankruisen:v
aankruisend	aankruisen:v
aangekruist	aankruisen:v
aanvoerster	aanvoerder:n
aanwijzers	aanwijzer:n
aanwijzertje	aanwijzer:n
krullebol	krullenbol:n
actiefilms	actiefilm:n
actiefilmpje	actiefilm:n
accenttekens	accentteken:n
accenttekentje	accentteken:n
opzijleg	opzijleggen:v
opzijlegde	opzijleggen:v
opzijlegt	opzijleggen:v
opzijlegden	opzijleggen:v
opzijleggend	opzijleggen:v
opzijgelegd	opzijleggen:v
aanstuur	aansturen:v
aanstuurde	aansturen:v
aanstuurt	aansturen:v
aanstuurden	aansturen:v
aansturend	aansturen:v
aangestuurd	aansturen:v
aanzichten	aanzicht:n
aanzichtje	aanzicht:n
achteraanzichten	achteraanzicht:n
achteraanzichtje	achteraanzicht:n
bovenaanzichten	bovenaanzicht:n
bovenaanzichtje	bovenaanzicht:n
buitenaanzichten	buitenaanzicht:n
buitenaanzichtje	buitenaanzicht:n
zijaanzichten	zijaanzicht:n
zijaanzichtje	zijaanzicht:n
aartsbisschoppelijker	aartsbisschoppelijk:a
aartsbisschoppelijkst	aartsbisschoppelijk:a
aartsbisschoppelijke	aartsbisschoppelijk:a
aartsbisschoppelijkere	aartsbisschoppelijk:a
aartsbisschoppelijkste	aartsbisschoppelijk:a
achternazit	achternazitten:v
achternazat	achternazitten:v
achternazaten	achternazitten:v
achternazittend	achternazitten:v
achternagezeten	achternazitten:v
afleidingsmanoeuvres	afleidingsmanoeuvre:n
achterpieken	achterpiek:n
achterpiekje	achterpiek:n
voorpieken	voorpiek:n
voorpiekje	voorpiek:n
aartskanseliers	aartskanselier:n
aartskanselieren	aartskanselier:n
aartskanseliertje	aartskanselier:n
ablaties	ablatie:n
ablatietje	ablatie:n
accommodeer	accommoderen:v
accommodeerde	accommoderen:v
accommodeert	accommoderen:v
accommodeerden	accommoderen:v
accommoderend	accommoderen:v
geaccommodeerd	accommoderen:v
manoeuvreer	manoeuvreren:v
manoeuvreerde	manoeuvreren:v
manoeuvreert	manoeuvreren:v
manoeuvreerden	manoeuvreren:v
manoeuvrerend	manoeuvreren:v
gemanoeuvreerd	manoeuvreren:v
heimlichmanoeuvres	heimlichmanoeuvre:n
heimlichmanoeuvretje	heimlichmanoeuvre:n
manoeuvreerbaarder	manoeuvreerbaar:a
manoeuvreerbaarst	manoeuvreerbaar:a
manoeuvreerbare	manoeuvreerbaar:a
manoeuvreerbaardere	manoeuvreerbaar:a
manoeuvreerbaarste	manoeuvreerbaar:a
ordewoorden	ordewoord:n
onbestuurbaarder	onbestuurbaar:a
onbestuurbaarst	onbestuurbaar:a
onbestuurbare	onbestuurbaar:a
onbestuurbaardere	onbestuurbaar:a
onbestuurbaarste	onbestuurbaar:a
onvoorkoombaarder	onvoorkoombaar:a
onvoorkoombaarst	onvoorkoombaar:a
actualisaties	actualisatie:n
actualisatietje	actualisatie:n
adhesies	adhesie:n
adhesietje	adhesie:n
adherenties	adherentie:n
adherentietje	adherentie:n
adhesiefer	adhesief:a
adhesiefst	adhesief:a
adhesiefe	adhesief:a
adhesiefere	adhesief:a
adhesiefste	adhesief:a
vooruitgangsgeloven	vooruitgangsgeloof:n
adoptiedochters	adoptiedochter:n
adoptiedochtertje	adoptiedochter:n
adoptiekinderen	adoptiekind:n
adoptiekindje	adoptiekind:n
adoptiemoeders	adoptiemoeder:n
adoptiemoedertje	adoptiemoeder:n
adoptievaders	adoptievader:n
adoptievadertje	adoptievader:n
adoptiezonen	adoptiezoon:n
adoptiezoons	adoptiezoon:n
adoptiezoontje	adoptiezoon:n
adoptiefdochter	adoptiedochter:n
adoptiefkind	adoptiekind:n
adoptiefmoeder	adoptiemoeder:n
adoptiefouder	adoptieouder:n
adoptiefvader	adoptievader:n
afdwalingen	afdwaling:n
afdwalinkje	afdwaling:n
afluisteraars	afluisteraar:n
afluisteraartje	afluisteraar:n
afmatte	afmatten:v
afmattend	afmatten:v
afgemat	afmatten:v
afrij	afrijden:v
afrijd	afrijden:v
afreed	afrijden:v
afrijdt	afrijden:v
afreden	afrijden:v
afrijdend	afrijden:v
afgereden	afrijden:v
afschaffers	afschaffer:n
afschaffertje	afschaffer:n
afstervingen	afsterving:n
afstervinkje	afsterving:n
afstijg	afstijgen:v
afsteeg	afstijgen:v
afstijgt	afstijgen:v
afstegen	afstijgen:v
afstijgend	afstijgen:v
afgestegen	afstijgen:v
aftak	aftakken:v
aftakte	aftakken:v
aftakt	aftakken:v
aftakten	aftakken:v
aftakkend	aftakken:v
afgetakt	aftakken:v
afvaar	afvaren:v
afvaart	afvaren:v
afvarend	afvaren:v
afgevaren	afvaren:v
alambieken	alambiek:n
alambiekje	alambiek:n
algoritmischer	algoritmisch:a
algoritmischt	algoritmisch:a
algoritmische	algoritmisch:a
algoritmischere	algoritmisch:a
algoritmischte	algoritmisch:a
allegaartjes	allegaartje:n
waarlooste	waarloos:a
vrijwaar	vrijwaren:v
vrijwaarde	vrijwaren:v
vrijwaart	vrijwaren:v
vrijwaarden	vrijwaren:v
vrijwarend	vrijwaren:v
gevrijwaard	vrijwaren:v
onvrije	onvrij:a
cantharellen	cantharel:n
cantharelletje	cantharel:n
wapenrustingen	wapenrusting:n
kennisinstellingen	kennisinstelling:n
verdwazingen	verdwazing:n
kampeerster	kampeerder:n
tijdverspillingen	tijdverspilling:n
Bosniërs	Bosniër:n
Bosniërtje	Bosniër:n
Bosnischen	Bosnische:n
koningslepelaars	koningslepelaar:n
koningslepelaartje	koningslepelaar:n
allusies	allusie:n
allusietje	allusie:n
alludeer	alluderen:v
alludeerde	alluderen:v
alludeert	alluderen:v
alludeerden	alluderen:v
alluderend	alluderen:v
gealludeerd	alluderen:v
amandelpersen	amandelpers:n
amandelpersje	amandelpers:n
normaliteiten	normaliteit:n
normaliteitje	normaliteit:n
amoreler	amoreel:a
amoreelst	amoreel:a
amorele	amoreel:a
amorelere	amoreel:a
amoreelste	amoreel:a
moralisaties	moralisatie:n
moralisatietje	moralisatie:n
demoraliseer	demoraliseren:v
demoraliseerde	demoraliseren:v
demoraliseert	demoraliseren:v
demoraliseerden	demoraliseren:v
demoraliserend	demoraliseren:v
gedemoraliseerd	demoraliseren:v
demoralisaties	demoralisatie:n
demoralisatietje	demoralisatie:n
immoraliteiten	immoraliteit:n
immoraliteitje	immoraliteit:n
amplificaties	amplificatie:n
amplificatietje	amplificatie:n
amplificeer	amplificeren:v
amplificeerde	amplificeren:v
amplificeert	amplificeren:v
amplificeerden	amplificeren:v
amplificerend	amplificeren:v
geamplificeerd	amplificeren:v
amplifiëren	amplificeren:v
enerveer	enerveren:v
enerveerde	enerveren:v
enerveert	enerveren:v
enerveerden	enerveren:v
enerverend	enerveren:v
geënerveerd	enerveren:v
enerveeren	enerveren:v
stikjaloerser	stikjaloers:a
stikjaloerst	stikjaloers:a
stikjaloerse	stikjaloers:a
stikjaloersere	stikjaloers:a
stikjaloerste	stikjaloers:a
stiknerveuser	stiknerveus:a
stiknerveust	stiknerveus:a
stiknerveuse	stiknerveus:a
stiknerveusere	stiknerveus:a
stiknerveuste	stiknerveus:a
stikheter	stikheet:a
stikheetst	stikheet:a
stikhete	stikheet:a
stikheetste	stikheet:a
stikgoeder	stikgoed:a
stikgoedst	stikgoed:a
stikgoede	stikgoed:a
stikgoedere	stikgoed:a
stikgoedste	stikgoed:a
stikvervelender	stikvervelend:a
stikvervelendst	stikvervelend:a
stikvervelende	stikvervelend:a
stikvervelendere	stikvervelend:a
stikvervelendste	stikvervelend:a
klaarpijp	klaarpijpen:v
klaarpijpte	klaarpijpen:v
klaarpijpt	klaarpijpen:v
klaarpijpten	klaarpijpen:v
klaarpijpend	klaarpijpen:v
klaargepijpt	klaarpijpen:v
pijpsletten	pijpslet:n
pijpsletje	pijpslet:n
studievertragingen	studievertraging:n
studievertragingkje	studievertraging:n
lulhannessen	lulhannes:n
lulhannesje	lulhannes:n
kandidaatschappen	kandidaatschap:n
kandidaatschapje	kandidaatschap:n
apenbroodbomen	apenbroodboom:n
apenbroodboompje	apenbroodboom:n
kandideer	kandideren:v
kandideerde	kandideren:v
kandideert	kandideren:v
kandideerden	kandideren:v
kandiderend	kandideren:v
gekandideerd	kandideren:v
pizzapunten	pizzapunt:n
pizzapuntje	pizzapunt:n
fluctuaties	fluctuatie:n
fluctuatietje	fluctuatie:n
fluctueer	fluctueren:v
fluctueerde	fluctueren:v
fluctueert	fluctueren:v
fluctueerden	fluctueren:v
fluctuerend	fluctueren:v
gefluctueerd	fluctueren:v
schommelingen	schommeling:n
schommelingetje	schommeling:n
appeltaartpunten	appeltaartpunt:n
appeltaartpuntje	appeltaartpunt:n
arbeidslonen	arbeidsloon:n
arbeidsloontje	arbeidsloon:n
verlep	verleppen:v
verlepte	verleppen:v
verlept	verleppen:v
verlepten	verleppen:v
verleppend	verleppen:v
blondjes	blondje:n
neuzel	neuzelen:v
neuzelde	neuzelen:v
neuzelt	neuzelen:v
neuzelden	neuzelen:v
neuzelend	neuzelen:v
geneuzeld	neuzelen:v
arbeidsplaatsen	arbeidsplaats:n
arbeidsplaatsje	arbeidsplaats:n
volprijs	volprijzen:v
volprees	volprijzen:v
volprijst	volprijzen:v
volprezen	volprijzen:v
volprijzend	volprijzen:v
afprijs	afprijzen:v
afprijsde	afprijzen:v
afprijst	afprijzen:v
afprijsden	afprijzen:v
afprijzend	afprijzen:v
afgeprijsd	afprijzen:v
drugsdealers	drugsdealer:n
drugsdealertje	drugsdealer:n
waranden	warande:n
warandes	warande:n
warandetje	warande:n
cruisereizen	cruisereis:n
cruisereisje	cruisereis:n
kleurlingen	kleurling:n
kleurlingetje	kleurling:n
staatshervormingen	staatshervorming:n
handelsbeperkingen	handelsbeperking:n
herwaardeer	herwaarderen:v
herwaardeerde	herwaarderen:v
herwaardeert	herwaarderen:v
herwaardeerden	herwaarderen:v
herwaarderend	herwaarderen:v
herwaardeerd	herwaarderen:v
opsporingsberichten	opsporingsbericht:n
opsporingsberichtje	opsporingsbericht:n
sportzalen	sportzaal:n
sportzaaltje	sportzaal:n
basketbalspelers	basketbalspeler:n
volleybalteams	volleybalteam:n
flikflakken	flikflak:n
flikflaks	flikflak:n
flikflakje	flikflak:n
bofkonten	bofkont:n
bofkontje	bofkont:n
proefondervindelijke	proefondervindelijk:a
bakfietsmoeders	bakfietsmoeder:n
bakfietsmoedertje	bakfietsmoeder:n
blèten	blaten:v
argumentaties	argumentatie:n
argumentatietje	argumentatie:n
mafklappers	mafklapper:n
mafklappertje	mafklapper:n
hernemingen	herneming:n
chanteerbaarder	chanteerbaar:a
chanteerbaarst	chanteerbaar:a
jen	jennen:v
jende	jennen:v
jent	jennen:v
jenden	jennen:v
jennend	jennen:v
gejend	jennen:v
volksraadplegingen	volksraadpleging:n
raadplegingen	raadpleging:n
arrangeer	arrangeren:v
arrangeerde	arrangeren:v
arrangeert	arrangeren:v
arrangeerden	arrangeren:v
arrangerend	arrangeren:v
gearrangeerd	arrangeren:v
bastaardvloeken	bastaardvloek:n
bastaardvloekje	bastaardvloek:n
wriemel	wriemelen:v
wriemelde	wriemelen:v
wriemelt	wriemelen:v
wriemelden	wriemelen:v
wriemelend	wriemelen:v
gewriemeld	wriemelen:v
buitendijkse	buitendijks:a
assagaai	assegaai:n
sagaai	assegaai:n
kwarktasjes	kwarktassen:n
autobiografen	autobiograaf:n
autobiograafje	autobiograaf:n
autoriemen	autoriem:n
autoriempje	autoriem:n
aviobruggen	aviobrug:n
aviobruggetje	aviobrug:n
taakstellingen	taakstelling:n
gebenedijd	benedijen:v
gebenedijde	gebenedijd:a
wonderbaarlijker	wonderbaarlijk:a
wonderbaarlijkst	wonderbaarlijk:a
wonderbaarlijke	wonderbaarlijk:a
wonderbaarlijkere	wonderbaarlijk:a
wonderbaarlijkste	wonderbaarlijk:a
heteluchtovens	heteluchtoven:n
heteluchtoventje	heteluchtoven:n
convectieovens	convectieoven:n
convectieoventje	convectieoven:n
ovenschalen	ovenschaal:n
ovenschaaltje	ovenschaal:n
steenovens	steenoven:n
steenoventje	steenoven:n
wilgengorzen	wilgengors:n
wilgengorsje	wilgengors:n
wilgenroosjes	wilgenroosje:n
doorgroei	doorgroeien:v
doorgroeide	doorgroeien:v
doorgroeit	doorgroeien:v
doorgroeiden	doorgroeien:v
doorgroeiend	doorgroeien:v
doorgegroeid	doorgroeien:v
doorgroeimogelijkheden	doorgroeimogelijkheid:n
uitzaai	uitzaaien:v
uitzaaide	uitzaaien:v
uitzaait	uitzaaien:v
uitzaaiden	uitzaaien:v
uitzaaiend	uitzaaien:v
uitgezaaid	uitzaaien:v
bruggenbouwers	bruggenbouwer:n
muziekcarrières	muziekcarrière:n
vervolgonderzoeken	vervolgonderzoek:n
vervolgonderzoekje	vervolgonderzoek:n
toepassingsgebieden	toepassingsgebied:n
Nobelprijswinnaars	Nobelprijswinnaar:n
wetenschapsgebieden	wetenschapsgebied:n
wereldtoppen	wereldtop:n
aidsonderzoeken	aidsonderzoek:n
darmonderzoeken	darmonderzoek:n
mediagenieker	mediageniek:a
mediageniekst	mediageniek:a
mediagenieke	mediageniek:a
mediageniekere	mediageniek:a
mediageniekste	mediageniek:a
manipuleerbaarder	manipuleerbaar:a
manipuleerbaarst	manipuleerbaar:a
manipuleerbare	manipuleerbaar:a
manipuleerbaardere	manipuleerbaar:a
manipuleerbaarste	manipuleerbaar:a
citaties	citatie:n
fraudezaken	fraudezaak:n
fraudezaakje	fraudezaak:n
vergal	vergallen:v
vergalde	vergallen:v
vergalt	vergallen:v
vergalden	vergallen:v
vergallend	vergallen:v
vergald	vergallen:v
dansscholen	dansschool:n
dansschooltje	dansschool:n
krantenberichten	krantenbericht:n
krantenberichtje	krantenbericht:n
publicitaire	publicitair:a
binairder	binair:a
binairst	binair:a
binaire	binair:a
binairdere	binair:a
binairste	binair:a
ontvolkingen	ontvolking:n
godgeklaagder	godgeklaagd:a
godgeklaagdst	godgeklaagd:a
godgeklaagde	godgeklaagd:a
godgeklaagdere	godgeklaagd:a
godgeklaagdste	godgeklaagd:a
babbelzieker	babbelziek:a
babbelziekst	babbelziek:a
babbelzieke	babbelziek:a
babbelziekere	babbelziek:a
babbelziekste	babbelziek:a
bakpannen	bakpan:n
bakpannetje	bakpan:n
deelnemersvelden	deelnemersveld:n
visnetten	visnet:n
visnetje	visnet:n
ontslagnemende	ontslagnemend:a
taalachterstanden	taalachterstand:n
taalachterstandje	taalachterstand:n
eedafleggingen	eedaflegging:n
zinsneden	zinsnede:n
zinsnedes	zinsnede:n
zinsnedetje	zinsnede:n
omzettingsgraden	omzettingsgraad:n
besluitvaardiger	besluitvaardig:a
besluitvaardigst	besluitvaardig:a
besluitvaardige	besluitvaardig:a
besluitvaardigere	besluitvaardig:a
besluitvaardigste	besluitvaardig:a
handelsbelemmeringen	handelsbelemmering:n
rijkeluitjes	rijkelui:n
armeluitjes	armelui:n
rijkeluiskinderen	rijkeluiskind:n
rijkeluiskindje	rijkeluiskind:n
Luikenaars	Luikenaar:n
Gentenaars	Gentenaar:n
Aarlenaars	Aarlenaar:n
Leuvenaars	Leuvenaar:n
bakvetten	bakvet:n
werkloosheidsverzekeringen	werkloosheidsverzekering:n
bangebroeken	bangebroek:n
bangebroekje	bangebroek:n
schijtebroeken	schijtebroek:n
schijtebroekje	schijtebroek:n
twintigers	twintiger:n
deadlift	deadliften:v
deadliftte	deadliften:v
deadliftten	deadliften:v
deadliftend	deadliften:v
gedeadlift	deadliften:v
extensiever	extensief:a
extensiefst	extensief:a
extensieve	extensief:a
extensievere	extensief:a
extensiefste	extensief:a
schobbejakken	schobbejak:n
schobbejakje	schobbejak:n
appelkruimeltaarten	appelkruimeltaart:n
appelkruimeltaartje	appelkruimeltaart:n
vermaledijd	vermaledijen:v
vermaledijde	vermaledijd:a|vermaledijen:v
opstellingen	opstelling:n
opstellinkje	opstelling:n
overlijdensberichten	overlijdensbericht:n
overlijdensberichtje	overlijdensbericht:n
rouwadvertenties	rouwadvertentie:n
rouwadvertentietje	rouwadvertentie:n
oudt	oud:a
bijbeen	bijbenen:v
bijbeende	bijbenen:v
bijbeent	bijbenen:v
bijbeenden	bijbenen:v
bijbenend	bijbenen:v
bijgebeend	bijbenen:v
anticipaties	anticipatie:n
anticipatietje	anticipatie:n
basja's	basja:n
bastiaans	bastiaan:n
bastiaantje	bastiaan:n
markusa	markoesa:n
beleidsadviseurs	beleidsadviseur:n
beleidsadviseurtje	beleidsadviseur:n
tikkeltjes	tikkeltje:n
welvaartsziekten	welvaartsziekte:n
welvaartsziektes	welvaartsziekte:n
hernieuwbaarder	hernieuwbaar:a
hernieuwbaarst	hernieuwbaar:a
sciencefictionfilms	sciencefictionfilm:n
dwarsdoorsneden	dwarsdoorsnede:n
dwarsdoorsnedes	dwarsdoorsnede:n
doorreken	doorrekenen:v
doorrekende	doorrekenen:v
doorrekent	doorrekenen:v
doorrekenden	doorrekenen:v
doorrekenend	doorrekenen:v
doorgerekend	doorrekenen:v
openlaat	openlaten:v
openliet	openlaten:v
openlieten	openlaten:v
openlatend	openlaten:v
opengelaten	openlaten:v
onderwijsvernieuwingen	onderwijsvernieuwing:n
Limburgsen	Limburgse:n
zeewinden	zeewinde:n
zeewindes	zeewinde:n
toelatingseisen	toelatingseis:n
doorstroom	doorstromen:v
doorstroomde	doorstromen:v
doorstroomt	doorstromen:v
doorstroomden	doorstromen:v
doorstromend	doorstromen:v
doorgestroomd	doorstromen:v
doorstroomd	doorstromen:v
doubleer	doubleren:v
doubleerde	doubleren:v
doubleert	doubleren:v
doubleerden	doubleren:v
doublerend	doubleren:v
gedoubleerd	doubleren:v
afstroom	afstromen:v
afstroomde	afstromen:v
afstroomt	afstromen:v
afstroomden	afstromen:v
afstromend	afstromen:v
afgestroomd	afstromen:v
waarheidsvindingen	waarheidsvinding:n
blindstaar	blindstaren:v
blindstaarde	blindstaren:v
blindstaart	blindstaren:v
blindstaarden	blindstaren:v
blindstarend	blindstaren:v
blindgestaard	blindstaren:v
denkprocessen	denkproces:n
tüter	tüteren:v
tüterde	tüteren:v
tütert	tüteren:v
tüterden	tüteren:v
tüterend	tüteren:v
getüterd	tüteren:v
gepokte	gepokt:a
zeeraketten	zeeraket:n
zeeraketje	zeeraket:n
oranjebuikparkieten	oranjebuikparkiet:n
oranjebuikparkietje	oranjebuikparkiet:n
marcheerpoeders	marcheerpoeder:n
marcheerpoedertje	marcheerpoeder:n
herijk	herijken:v
herijkte	herijken:v
herijkt	herijken:v
herijkten	herijken:v
herijkend	herijken:v
herijkingen	herijking:n
zestienmetergebieden	zestienmetergebied:n
zestienmetergebiedje	zestienmetergebied:n
strafschopgebieden	strafschopgebied:n
strafschopgebiedje	strafschopgebied:n
jongons	jongens:n
bewustwordingen	bewustwording:n
bedauw	bedauwen:v
bedauwde	bedauwen:v
bedauwt	bedauwen:v
bedauwden	bedauwen:v
bedauwend	bedauwen:v
bedauwd	bedauwen:v
actieplannen	actieplan:n
actieplannetje	actieplan:n
bedelares	bedelaar:n
kooklessen	kookles:n
kooklesje	kookles:n
frips	fris:a
hotellobby's	hotellobby:n
dienovereenkomstige	dienovereenkomstig:a
siksijoeroe's	siksijoeroe:n
pretentieuzer	pretentieus:a
pretentieust	pretentieus:a
pretentieuze	pretentieus:a
pretentieuzere	pretentieus:a
pretentieuste	pretentieus:a
zorgelijker	zorgelijk:a
zorgelijkst	zorgelijk:a
zorgelijkere	zorgelijk:a
zorgelijkste	zorgelijk:a
ongeinen	ongein:n
ongeintje	ongein:n
ongijn	ongein:n
ongeiniger	ongeinig:a
ongeinigst	ongeinig:a
ongeinige	ongeinig:a
ongeinigere	ongeinig:a
ongeinigste	ongeinig:a
hoeriger	hoerig:a
hoerigst	hoerig:a
hoerige	hoerig:a
hoerigere	hoerig:a
hoerigste	hoerig:a
kliekjesdagen	kliekjesdag:n
kliekjesdagje	kliekjesdag:n
geitenpaden	geitenpad:n
geitenpaadje	geitenpad:n
omhoogzit	omhoogzitten:v
omhoogzat	omhoogzitten:v
omhoogzaten	omhoogzitten:v
omhoogzittend	omhoogzitten:v
omhooggezeten	omhoogzitten:v
reageerbuisbaby's	reageerbuisbaby:n
reageerbuisbabies	reageerbuisbaby:n
verifieerbaarder	verifieerbaar:a
verifieerbaarst	verifieerbaar:a
verifieerbare	verifieerbaar:a
verifieerbaardere	verifieerbaar:a
verifieerbaarste	verifieerbaar:a
verificaties	verificatie:n
verificatietje	verificatie:n
onverifieerbaarder	onverifieerbaar:a
onverifieerbaarst	onverifieerbaar:a
onverifieerbare	onverifieerbaar:a
onverifieerbaardere	onverifieerbaar:a
onverifieerbaarste	onverifieerbaar:a
siksiyuru's	siksiyuru:n
proefbuizen	proefbuis:n
proefbuisje	proefbuis:n
karmozijnrode	karmozijnrood:a
allesreinigers	allesreiniger:n
allesreinigertje	allesreiniger:n
polyritmes	polyritme:n
polyritmen	polyritme:n
polyritmetje	polyritme:n
kriebelneuzen	kriebelneus:n
kriebelneusje	kriebelneus:n
deugkneuzen	deugkneus:n
deugkneusje	deugkneus:n
deuggleuven	deuggleuf:n
deuggleufje	deuggleuf:n
deugmensen	deugmens:n
deugmensje	deugmens:n
waterinhouden	waterinhoud:n
opgewassen	opwassen:v
opwas	opwassen:v
opwaste	opwassen:v
opwast	opwassen:v
opwasten	opwassen:v
opwassend	opwassen:v
talentenjachten	talentenjacht:n
talentenjachtje	talentenjacht:n
waggel	waggelen:v
waggelde	waggelen:v
waggelt	waggelen:v
waggelden	waggelen:v
waggelend	waggelen:v
gewaggeld	waggelen:v
rudimentairder	rudimentair:a
rudimentairst	rudimentair:a
rudimentaire	rudimentair:a
rudimentairdere	rudimentair:a
rudimentairste	rudimentair:a
robuuster	robuust:a
robuustst	robuust:a
robuuste	robuust:a
robuustere	robuust:a
robuustste	robuust:a
amateuristischer	amateuristisch:a
amateuristischt	amateuristisch:a
amateuristische	amateuristisch:a
amateuristischere	amateuristisch:a
amateuristischte	amateuristisch:a
imitaties	imitatie:n
imitatietje	imitatie:n
kijkfiles	kijkfile:n
kijkfiletje	kijkfile:n
champagneglazen	champagneglas:n
champagneglaasje	champagneglas:n
ochtendbladen	ochtendblad:n
ochtendblaadje	ochtendblad:n
N.E.	Negerengels:m
Neger-Engels	Negerengels:m
stadskastelen	stadskasteel:n
stadskasteeltje	stadskasteel:n
toendertijd	toentertijd:d
neembaarder	neembaar:a
neembaarst	neembaar:a
neembare	neembaar:a
neembaardere	neembaar:a
neembaarste	neembaar:a
onneembaarder	onneembaar:a
onneembaarst	onneembaar:a
onneembare	onneembaar:a
onneembaardere	onneembaar:a
onneembaarste	onneembaar:a
schoppenazen	schoppenaas:n
hartenazen	hartenaas:n
ruitenazen	ruitenaas:n
klaverazen	klaveraas:n
klaverenaas	klaveraas:n
basloopje	basloop:n
spiegel	spiegelen:v
spiegelde	spiegelen:v
spiegelt	spiegelen:v
spiegelden	spiegelen:v
spiegelend	spiegelen:v
gespiegeld	spiegelen:v
wereldwijser	wereldwijs:a
wereldwijst	wereldwijs:a
wereldwijzer	wereldwijs:a
wereldwijze	wereldwijs:a
wereldwijzere	wereldwijs:a
wereldwijste	wereldwijs:a
kaboela	kabula:n
laksheiden	laksheid:n
laksheidje	laksheid:n
fiadoe	fiadu:n
viadoe	fiadu:n
hazenstaarten	hazenstaart:n
hazenstaartje	hazenstaart:n
freatofyten	freatofyt:n
afreatofyten	afreatofyt:n
onroerender	onroerend:a
onroerendst	onroerend:a
onroerende	onroerend:a
onroerendere	onroerend:a
onroerendste	onroerend:a
krapés	krapé:n
godsvermogens	godsvermogen:n
godsvermogentje	godsvermogen:n
kapoewa's	kapoewa:n
kapoea	kapoewa:n
informatieverwerkende	informatieverwerkend:a
ocharme	ocharm:i
ocharmen	ocharm:i
kets	ketsen:v
ketste	ketsen:v
ketst	ketsen:v
ketsten	ketsen:v
ketsend	ketsen:v
geketst	ketsen:v
beproevingen	beproeving:n
oplevingen	opleving:n
inlevingen	inleving:n
aanstootgevender	aanstootgevend:a
aanstootgevendst	aanstootgevend:a
aanstootgevende	aanstootgevend:a
aanstootgevendere	aanstootgevend:a
aanstootgevendste	aanstootgevend:a
uitschakelingen	uitschakeling:n
eliminaties	eliminatie:n
eliminatietje	eliminatie:n
betalingsherinneringen	betalingsherinnering:n
circuleer	circuleren:v
circuleerde	circuleren:v
circuleert	circuleren:v
circuleerden	circuleren:v
circulerend	circuleren:v
gecirculeerd	circuleren:v
circulairder	circulair:a
circulairst	circulair:a
circulairdere	circulair:a
circulairste	circulair:a
circulaties	circulatie:n
circulatietje	circulatie:n
circulariteiten	circulariteit:n
circulariteitje	circulariteit:n
ischemischer	ischemisch:a
ischemischt	ischemisch:a
ischemische	ischemisch:a
ischemischere	ischemisch:a
ischemischte	ischemisch:a
televisiezenders	televisiezender:n
televisiezendertje	televisiezender:n
tijdlozer	tijdloos:a
tijdloost	tijdloos:a
tijdloze	tijdloos:a
tijdlozere	tijdloos:a
tijdlooste	tijdloos:a
sekslozer	seksloos:a
seksloost	seksloos:a
seksloze	seksloos:a
sekslozere	seksloos:a
sekslooste	seksloos:a
ziellozer	zielloos:a
zielloost	zielloos:a
zielloze	zielloos:a
ziellozere	zielloos:a
ziellooste	zielloos:a
wezenlozer	wezenloos:a
wezenloost	wezenloos:a
wezenloze	wezenloos:a
wezenlozere	wezenloos:a
wezenlooste	wezenloos:a
kennisdelingen	kennisdeling:n
kloffies	kloffie:n
bijzonders	bijzonder:a
studiehuizen	studiehuis:n
studiehuisje	studiehuis:n
iPadscholen	iPadschool:n
onderwijsmethoden	onderwijsmethode:n
onderwijsmethodes	onderwijsmethode:n
klassikaler	klassikaal:a
klassikaalst	klassikaal:a
klassikale	klassikaal:a
klassikalere	klassikaal:a
klassikaalste	klassikaal:a
bijsmaken	bijsmaak:n
bijsmaakje	bijsmaak:n
rumoeren	rumoer:n
rumoertje	rumoer:n
aanfruit	aanfruiten:v
aanfruitte	aanfruiten:v
aanfruitten	aanfruiten:v
aanfruitend	aanfruiten:v
aangefruit	aanfruiten:v
aanvragers	aanvrager:n
aanvragertje	aanvrager:n
opdrachtnemers	opdrachtnemer:n
opdrachtnemertje	opdrachtnemer:n
uiteenzet	uiteenzetten:v
uiteenzette	uiteenzetten:v
uiteenzettend	uiteenzetten:v
uiteengezet	uiteenzetten:v
veerkrachtiger	veerkrachtig:a
veerkrachtigst	veerkrachtig:a
veerkrachtige	veerkrachtig:a
veerkrachtigere	veerkrachtig:a
veerkrachtigste	veerkrachtig:a
doodsaaie	doodsaai:a
verschrompel	verschrompelen:v
verschrompelde	verschrompelen:v
verschrompelt	verschrompelen:v
verschrompelden	verschrompelen:v
verschrompelend	verschrompelen:v
verschrompeld	verschrompelen:v
schrompel	schrompelen:v
schrompelde	schrompelen:v
schrompelt	schrompelen:v
schrompelden	schrompelen:v
schrompelend	schrompelen:v
geschrompeld	schrompelen:v
onderwijsinnovaties	onderwijsinnovatie:n
nevenwerkzaamheden	nevenwerkzaamheid:n
nevenwerkzaamheidje	nevenwerkzaamheid:n
didactische	didactisch:a
didactischer	didactisch:a
didactischt	didactisch:a
didactischere	didactisch:a
didactischte	didactisch:a
bevruchtingen	bevruchting:n
bevruchtinkje	bevruchting:n
cassaties	cassatie:n
cassatietje	cassatie:n
nietigheden	nietigheid:n
didactieken	didactiek:n
didactiekje	didactiek:n
muzelmannen	muzelman:n
muzelmannetje	muzelman:n
ontspul	ontspullen:v
ontspulde	ontspullen:v
ontspult	ontspullen:v
ontspulden	ontspullen:v
ontspullend	ontspullen:v
ontspuld	ontspullen:v
onderwijstechnologieën	onderwijstechnologie:n
downcycle	downcyclen:v
downcyclede	downcyclen:v
downcyclet	downcyclen:v
downcycleden	downcyclen:v
downcyclend	downcyclen:v
gedowncycled	downcyclen:v
upcycle	upcyclen:v
upcyclede	upcyclen:v
upcyclet	upcyclen:v
upcycleden	upcyclen:v
upcyclend	upcyclen:v
geüpcycled	upcyclen:v
toestuur	toesturen:v
toestuurde	toesturen:v
toestuurt	toesturen:v
toestuurden	toesturen:v
toesturend	toesturen:v
toegestuurd	toesturen:v
prevenieer	preveniëren:v
prevenieerde	preveniëren:v
prevenieert	preveniëren:v
prevenieerden	preveniëren:v
preveniërend	preveniëren:v
geprevenieerd	preveniëren:v
leeftijdsbeperkingen	leeftijdsbeperking:n
observeerbaarder	observeerbaar:a
observeerbaarst	observeerbaar:a
observeerbare	observeerbaar:a
observeerbaardere	observeerbaar:a
observeerbaarste	observeerbaar:a
observeerders	observeerder:n
observeerdertje	observeerder:n
observeerster	observeerder:n
acceptaties	acceptatie:n
acceptatietje	acceptatie:n
koningsmoordenaars	koningsmoordenaar:n
onderzoekslaboratoria	onderzoekslaboratorium:n
onderzoekslaboratoriums	onderzoekslaboratorium:n
waterkringlopen	waterkringloop:n
provocatiever	provocatief:a
provocatiefst	provocatief:a
provocatieve	provocatief:a
provocatievere	provocatief:a
provocatiefste	provocatief:a
representaties	representatie:n
representatietje	representatie:n
reprentaties	representatie:n
hoogtemeters	hoogtemeter:n
hoogtemetertje	hoogtemeter:n
compilaties	compilatie:n
compilatietje	compilatie:n
compilatiewerken	compilatiewerk:n
compilatiewerkje	compilatiewerk:n
luxepaarden	luxepaard:n
luxepaardje	luxepaard:n
abbreviaties	abbreviatie:n
abbreviatietje	abbreviatie:n
abbrevieer	abbreviëren:v
abbrevieerde	abbreviëren:v
abbrevieert	abbreviëren:v
abbrevieerden	abbreviëren:v
abbreviërend	abbreviëren:v
geabbrevieerd	abbreviëren:v
lokaliseer	lokaliseren:v
lokaliseerde	lokaliseren:v
lokaliseert	lokaliseren:v
lokaliseerden	lokaliseren:v
lokaliserend	lokaliseren:v
gelokaliseerd	lokaliseren:v
lokaliseerbaarder	lokaliseerbaar:a
lokaliseerbaarst	lokaliseerbaar:a
lokaliseerbare	lokaliseerbaar:a
lokaliseerbaardere	lokaliseerbaar:a
lokaliseerbaarste	lokaliseerbaar:a
jeugdlonen	jeugdloon:n
jeugdloontje	jeugdloon:n
zwavelzwammen	zwavelzwam:n
zwavelzwammetje	zwavelzwam:n
schandelijks	schandelijk:a
schandelijkers	schandelijk:a
roodgloeiends	roodgloeiend:a
roodgloeienders	roodgloeiend:a
massamedia	massamedium:n
massamediumpje	massamedium:n
onderhavige	onderhavig:a
onkuiser	onkuis:a
onkuist	onkuis:a
onkuise	onkuis:a
onkuisere	onkuis:a
onkuiste	onkuis:a
schattepatatten	schattepatat:n
schattepatatje	schattepatat:n
heal	healen:v
healde	healen:v
healt	healen:v
healden	healen:v
healend	healen:v
geheald	healen:v
oproerkraaiers	oproerkraaier:n
oproerkraaiertje	oproerkraaier:n
niemendalletjes	niemendalletje:n
verdeel-en-heerspolitiekje	verdeel-en-heerspolitiek:n
deconstructies	deconstructie:n
deconstructietje	deconstructie:n
instructiever	instructief:a
instructiefst	instructief:a
instructieve	instructief:a
instructievere	instructief:a
instructiefste	instructief:a
destructies	destructie:n
destructietje	destructie:n
balsemienen	balsemien:n
balsemientje	balsemien:n
reuzenbalsemienen	reuzenbalsemien:n
reuzenbalsemientje	reuzenbalsemien:n
springzaden	springzaad:n
springzaadje	springzaad:n
reconstructies	reconstructie:n
reconstructietje	reconstructie:n
destrueer	destrueren:v
destrueerde	destrueren:v
destrueert	destrueren:v
destrueerden	destrueren:v
destruerend	destrueren:v
gedestrueerd	destrueren:v
laminaten	laminaat:n
laminaatje	laminaat:n
gekkerds	gekkerd:n
gekkerdje	gekkerd:n
stamtijden	stamtijd:n
wijnindustrieën	wijnindustrie:n
melkindustrieën	melkindustrie:n
reddelozer	reddeloos:a
reddeloost	reddeloos:a
reddeloze	reddeloos:a
reddelozere	reddeloos:a
reddelooste	reddeloos:a
abduceer	abduceren:v
abduceerde	abduceren:v
abduceert	abduceren:v
abduceerden	abduceren:v
abducerend	abduceren:v
geabduceerd	abduceren:v
adduceer	adduceren:v
adduceerde	adduceren:v
adduceert	adduceren:v
adduceerden	adduceren:v
adducerend	adduceren:v
geadduceerd	adduceren:v
adducties	adductie:n
adductietje	adductie:n
circumduceer	circumduceren:v
circumduceerde	circumduceren:v
circumduceert	circumduceren:v
circumduceerden	circumduceren:v
circumducerend	circumduceren:v
gecircumduceerd	circumduceren:v
circumducties	circumductie:n
circumductietje	circumductie:n
ochtenddampen	ochtenddamp:n
negroïden	negroïde:n
verkleuter	verkleuteren:v
verkleuterde	verkleuteren:v
verkleutert	verkleuteren:v
verkleuterden	verkleuteren:v
verkleuterend	verkleuteren:v
verkleuterd	verkleuteren:v
aakster	ekster:n
linksplakkers	linksplakker:n
linksplakkertje	linksplakker:n
koekoekshommels	koekoekshommel:n
koekoekshommeltje	koekoekshommel:n
broedparasieten	broedparasiet:n
broedparasietje	broedparasiet:n
nestparasieten	nestparasiet:n
nestparasietje	nestparasiet:n
dekoloniale	dekoloniaal:a
postkoloniale	postkoloniaal:a
prekoloniale	prekoloniaal:a
antikoloniale	antikoloniaal:a
rentenier	rentenieren:v
rentenierde	rentenieren:v
renteniert	rentenieren:v
rentenierden	rentenieren:v
rentenierend	rentenieren:v
gerentenierd	rentenieren:v
madame-jeanettes	madame-jeanette:n
madame-jeanetteje	madame-jeanette:n
dropship	dropshippen:v
dropshipte	dropshippen:v
dropshipt	dropshippen:v
dropshipten	dropshippen:v
dropshippend	dropshippen:v
gedropshipt	dropshippen:v
Ambacht	Hendrik-Ido-Ambacht:m
stoofpotten	stoofpot:n
stoofpotje	stoofpot:n
tuthola's	tuthola:n
tutholaatje	tuthola:n
bobbels	bobbel:n
bobbeltje	bobbel:n
handomdraaien	handomdraai:n
handomdraaitje	handomdraai:n
geconstipeerder	geconstipeerd:a
geconstipeerdst	geconstipeerd:a
geconstipeerde	geconstipeerd:a
geconstipeerdere	geconstipeerd:a
geconstipeerdste	geconstipeerd:a
trouwelozer	trouweloos:a
trouweloost	trouweloos:a
trouweloze	trouweloos:a
trouwelozere	trouweloos:a
trouwelooste	trouweloos:a
secretarissen-generaal	secretaris-generaal:n
Bijbelwetenschappen	Bijbelwetenschap:n
automatieën	automatie:n
automatietje	automatie:n
elektrocardiografen	elektrocardiograaf:n
tandvleesontstekingen	tandvleesontsteking:n
tandvleesontstekinkje	tandvleesontsteking:n
deemstiger	deemstig:a
deemstigst	deemstig:a
deemstige	deemstig:a
deemstigere	deemstig:a
deemstigste	deemstig:a
verbanningen	verbanning:n
verbanninkje	verbanning:n
roddelaars	roddelaar:n
roddelaartje	roddelaar:n
differentialen	differentiaal:n
differentiaaltje	differentiaal:n
stutte	stutten:v
stuttend	stutten:v
gestut	stutten:v
maranen	maraan:n
maraantje	maraan:n
guaves	guave:n
guaven	guave:n
guavetje	guave:n
frisbeede	frisbeeën:v
frisbeet	frisbeeën:v
frisbeeden	frisbeeën:v
frisbeeënd	frisbeeën:v
gefrisbeed	frisbeeën:v
regeering	regering:n
tolereerbaarder	tolereerbaar:a
tolereerbaarst	tolereerbaar:a
ontolereerbare	tolereerbaar:a
tolereerbaardere	tolereerbaar:a
tolereerbaarste	tolereerbaar:a
bevooroordeel	bevooroordelen:v
bevooroordeelt	bevooroordelen:v
bevooroordeelden	bevooroordelen:v
bevooroordelend	bevooroordelen:v
bevooroordeeld	bevooroordelen:v
preposities	prepositie:n
prepositietje	prepositie:n
chatgesprekken	chatgesprek:n
hotelkamers	hotelkamer:n
hotelkamertje	hotelkamer:n
bovenlichamen	bovenlichaam:n
bovenlichaampje	bovenlichaam:n
doorleer	doorleren:v
doorleerde	doorleren:v
doorleert	doorleren:v
doorleerden	doorleren:v
doorlerend	doorleren:v
doorgeleerd	doorleren:v
collegejaren	collegejaar:n
knipbeurten	knipbeurt:n
knipbeurtje	knipbeurt:n
middagpauzen	middagpauze:n
concertkaarten	concertkaart:n
concertkaartje	concertkaart:n
flierefluit	flierefluiten:v
flierefluitte	flierefluiten:v
flierefluitten	flierefluiten:v
flierefluitend	flierefluiten:v
geflierefluit	flierefluiten:v
invullingen	invulling:n
invullinkje	invulling:n
vrijwilligersprojecten	vrijwilligersproject:n
hotelscholen	hotelschool:n
Bijbelvertalingen	Bijbelvertaling:n
verslons	verslonzen:v
verslonsde	verslonzen:v
verslonst	verslonzen:v
verslonsden	verslonzen:v
verslonzend	verslonzen:v
verslonsd	verslonzen:v
categorisaties	categorisatie:n
categorisatietje	categorisatie:n
categoriseringen	categorisering:n
categoriserinkje	categorisering:n
categoraler	categoraal:a
categoraalst	categoraal:a
categorale	categoraal:a
categoralere	categoraal:a
categoraalste	categoraal:a
categorialer	categoriaal:a
categoriaalst	categoriaal:a
categoriale	categoriaal:a
categorialere	categoriaal:a
categoriaalste	categoriaal:a
categorieker	categoriek:a
categoriekst	categoriek:a
categorieke	categoriek:a
categoriekere	categoriek:a
categoriekste	categoriek:a
assembleer	assembleren:v
assembleerde	assembleren:v
assembleert	assembleren:v
assembleerden	assembleren:v
assemblerend	assembleren:v
geassembleerd	assembleren:v
entameer	entameren:v
entameerde	entameren:v
entameert	entameren:v
entameerden	entameren:v
entamerend	entameren:v
geëntameerd	entameren:v
entameringen	entamering:n
entamerinkje	entamering:n
geveltuinen	geveltuin:n
geveltuintje	geveltuin:n
politroeken	politroek:n
politroekje	politroek:n
detecties	detectie:n
detectietje	detectie:n
dedicaties	dedicatie:n
dedicatietje	dedicatie:n
dediceer	dediceren:v
dediceerde	dediceren:v
dediceert	dediceren:v
dediceerden	dediceren:v
dedicerend	dediceren:v
gedediceerd	dediceren:v
dedicaceren	dediceren:v
preferenties	preferentie:n
preferentietje	preferentie:n
eetzalen	eetzaal:n
eetzaaltje	eetzaal:n
stabilisaties	stabilisatie:n
stabilisatietje	stabilisatie:n
bromaten	bromaat:n
bromaatje	bromaat:n
preferabeler	preferabel:a
preferabelst	preferabel:a
preferabele	preferabel:a
preferabelere	preferabel:a
preferabelste	preferabel:a
waterwerken	waterwerk:n
waterwerkje	waterwerk:n
regeringszetels	regeringszetel:n
ijsvloeren	ijsvloer:n
ijsvloertje	ijsvloer:n
schaatsbonden	schaatsbond:n
toertochten	toertocht:n
toertochtje	toertocht:n
overtoep	overtoepen:v
overtoepte	overtoepen:v
overtoept	overtoepen:v
overtoepten	overtoepen:v
overtoepend	overtoepen:v
overgetoept	overtoepen:v
isolatiecellen	isolatiecel:n
isolatiecelletje	isolatiecel:n
miesgassers	miesgasser:n
miesgassertje	miesgasser:n
soortementen	soortement:n
soortementje	soortement:n
sortement	soortement:n
vlieszaden	vlieszaad:n
vlieszaadje	vlieszaad:n
goudzuringen	goudzuring:n
goudzurinkje	goudzuring:n
kruiskruiden	kruiskruid:n
kruiskruidje	kruiskruid:n
zilverkruiskruiden	zilverkruiskruid:n
zilverkruiskruidje	zilverkruiskruid:n
jakobskruiskruiden	jakobskruiskruid:n
jakobskruiskruidje	jakobskruiskruid:n
duinkruiskruiden	duinkruiskruid:n
duinkruiskruidje	duinkruiskruid:n
grijskruiden	grijskruid:n
grijskruidje	grijskruid:n
autobestuurders	autobestuurder:n
autobestuurdertje	autobestuurder:n
verkeersministers	verkeersminister:n
verkeersministertje	verkeersminister:n
innoveer	innoveren:v
innoveerde	innoveren:v
innoveert	innoveren:v
innoveerden	innoveren:v
innoverend	innoveren:v
geïnnoveerd	innoveren:v
meidengroepen	meidengroep:n
meidengroepje	meidengroep:n
Keulenaren	Keulenaar:n
Keulenaars	Keulenaar:n
Keulenaartje	Keulenaar:n
houtvrije	houtvrij:a
opzieners	opziener:n
opzienertje	opziener:n
proefdrukken	proefdruk:n
proefdrukje	proefdruk:n
ruilslagen	ruilslag:n
ruilslagje	ruilslag:n
langeafstandrelaties	langeafstandrelatie:n
rechterduimen	rechterduim:n
rechterduimpje	rechterduim:n
basisbehoeftes	basisbehoefte:n
basisbehoeften	basisbehoefte:n
liefdesverklaringen	liefdesverklaring:n
liefdesverklarinkje	liefdesverklaring:n
grappigs	grappig:a
ondergeschoven	onderschuiven:v
onderschuif	onderschuiven:v
onderschoof	onderschuiven:v
onderschuift	onderschuiven:v
onderschoven	onderschuiven:v
onderschuivend	onderschuiven:v
topprestaties	topprestatie:n
bloedsuikerspiegels	bloedsuikerspiegel:n
bloedsuikerspiegeltje	bloedsuikerspiegel:n
schoolgemeenschappen	schoolgemeenschap:n
schoolgemeenschapje	schoolgemeenschap:n
hr-ketel	hoogrendementsketel:n
hoogrendementsketels	hoogrendementsketel:n
hoogrendementsketeltje	hoogrendementsketel:n
gebruiksfasen	gebruiksfase:n
gebruiksfases	gebruiksfase:n
aanpalende	aanpalend:a
aanpalender	aanpalend:a
aanpalendst	aanpalend:a
aanpalendere	aanpalend:a
aanpalendste	aanpalend:a
eigendomsoverdrachten	eigendomsoverdracht:n
klantrelaties	klantrelatie:n
klantrelatietje	klantrelatie:n
goeddunk	goeddunken:v
goeddocht	goeddunken:v
goeddunkt	goeddunken:v
goeddochten	goeddunken:v
goeddunkend	goeddunken:v
goedgedocht	goeddunken:v
verbrandingsovens	verbrandingsoven:n
eindigheden	eindigheid:n
bijhorende	bijhorend:a
opdrijf	opdrijven:v
opdreef	opdrijven:v
opdrijft	opdrijven:v
opdreven	opdrijven:v
opdrijvend	opdrijven:v
opgedreven	opdrijven:v
bevestigingsvooroordelen	bevestigingsvooroordeel:n
havisten	havist:n
havistje	havist:n
kopzorgje	kopzorg:n
lommerrijker	lommerrijk:a
lommerrijkst	lommerrijk:a
lommerrijke	lommerrijk:a
lommerrijkere	lommerrijk:a
lommerrijkste	lommerrijk:a
diensteneconomieën	diensteneconomie:n
zweveriger	zweverig:a
zweverigst	zweverig:a
zweverige	zweverig:a
zweverigere	zweverig:a
zweverigste	zweverig:a
geachte	geacht:a
enkelspelers	enkelspeler:n
enkelspelertje	enkelspeler:n
nieuwwaarden	nieuwwaarde:n
nieuwwaardes	nieuwwaarde:n
mennechie	man:n
muziekdiensten	muziekdienst:n
illustreert	illustreren:v
maandbedragen	maandbedrag:n
maandbedragje	maandbedrag:n
heftrucks	heftruck:n
vorkheftrucks	vorkheftruck:n
stortvloeden	stortvloed:n
stortvloedje	stortvloed:n
verwezenlijkingen	verwezenlijking:n
ingevingen	ingeving:n
ingevinkje	ingeving:n
verbluf	verbluffen:v
verblufte	verbluffen:v
verbluft	verbluffen:v
verbluften	verbluffen:v
verbluffend	verbluffen:v
muziekkeuzen	muziekkeuze:n
muziekkeuzes	muziekkeuze:n
geluidsdragers	geluidsdrager:n
geluiddrager	geluidsdrager:n
geluidsdragertje	geluidsdrager:n
terugbetalingen	terugbetaling:n
vergadertafels	vergadertafel:n
vergadertafeltje	vergadertafel:n
verstelbare	verstelbaar:a
verstelbaarder	verstelbaar:a
verstelbaarst	verstelbaar:a
verstelbaardere	verstelbaar:a
verstelbaarste	verstelbaar:a
tijdsbesparingen	tijdsbesparing:n
tijdsbesparinkje	tijdsbesparing:n
meespeel	meespelen:v
meespeelde	meespelen:v
meespeelt	meespelen:v
meespeelden	meespelen:v
meespelend	meespelen:v
meegespeeld	meespelen:v
ongemerkte	ongemerkt:a
controlemogelijkheden	controlemogelijkheid:n
medewerkertevredenheid	medewerkerstevredenheid:n
raeven	raaf:n
raef	raaf:n
raaven	raaf:n
besteleenden	besteleend:n
besteleendje	besteleend:n
T-splitsingen	T-splitsing:n
binnenterreinen	binnenterrein:n
binnenterreintje	binnenterrein:n
afsluitbaarder	afsluitbaar:a
afsluitbaarst	afsluitbaar:a
afsluitbare	afsluitbaar:a
afsluitbaardere	afsluitbaar:a
afsluitbaarste	afsluitbaar:a
kunsttentoonstellingen	kunsttentoonstelling:n
kolenbranders	kolenbrander:n
meilers	meiler:n
autovrije	autovrij:a
autoluwer	autoluw:a
autoluwst	autoluw:a
autoluwe	autoluw:a
autoluwere	autoluw:a
autoluwste	autoluw:a
onbevooroordeelder	onbevooroordeeld:a
onbevooroordeeldst	onbevooroordeeld:a
onbevooroordeelde	onbevooroordeeld:a
onbevooroordeeldere	onbevooroordeeld:a
onbevooroordeeldste	onbevooroordeeld:a
kansparels	kansparel:n
kanspareltje	kansparel:n
kansenparel	kansparel:n
woningcorporaties	woningcorporatie:n
haatzaaiers	haatzaaier:n
haatzaaiertje	haatzaaier:n
cultusbeelden	cultusbeeld:n
cultusbeeldje	cultusbeeld:n
sjibbolets	sjibbolet:n
sjibboletje	sjibbolet:n
kwedel	kwedelen:v
kwedelde	kwedelen:v
kwedelt	kwedelen:v
kwedelden	kwedelen:v
kwedelend	kwedelen:v
gekwedeld	kwedelen:v
schrepels	schrepel:n
schrepeltje	schrepel:n
schrepeler	schrepel:a
schrepelst	schrepel:a
schrepele	schrepel:a
schrepelere	schrepel:a
schrepelste	schrepel:a
goliathkikkers	goliathkikker:n
goliathkikkertje	goliathkikker:n
zuiker	suiker:n
gedigt	gedicht:n
digtkunst	dichtkunst:n
dichtkonst	dichtkunst:n
digtkonst	dichtkunst:n
oncomfortabeler	oncomfortabel:a
oncomfortabelst	oncomfortabel:a
oncomfortabele	oncomfortabel:a
oncomfortabelere	oncomfortabel:a
oncomfortabelste	oncomfortabel:a
veldbrandovens	veldbrandoven:n
veldovens	veldoven:n
veldovenstenen	veldovensteen:n
veldovensteentje	veldovensteen:n
veldbrandstenen	veldbrandsteen:n
veldbrandsteentje	veldbrandsteen:n
labberden	labberen:v
pirengs	pireng:n
Bijltjesdag	bijltjesdag:n
bijltjesdagen	bijltjesdag:n
bijlkoppen	bijlkop:n
bijlkopje	bijlkop:n
vlakbijlen	vlakbijl:n
vlakbijltje	vlakbijl:n
autodeuren	autodeur:n
autodeurtje	autodeur:n
kaasboeren	kaasboer:n
kaasboertje	kaasboer:n
campagneleiders	campagneleider:n
studentenkamers	studentenkamer:n
straatpizza's	straatpizza:n
straatpizzaatje	straatpizza:n
studentenkamertje	studentenkamer:n
corporatiewoningen	corporatiewoning:n
pizzatenten	pizzatent:n
pizzatentje	pizzatent:n
koninginnenhapje	koninginnenhap:n
studentenhuisvestingen	studentenhuisvesting:n
studentenflats	studentenflat:n
studentenflatje	studentenflat:n
studentensteden	studentenstad:n
studentenstadje	studentenstad:n
neuskeutels	neuskeutel:n
neuskeuteltje	neuskeutel:n
woongroepen	woongroep:n
woongroepje	woongroep:n
kamernoden	kamernood:n
huisvesters	huisvester:n
koninginnenhappen	koninginnenhap:n
noodsituaties	noodsituatie:n
instortingsgevaren	instortingsgevaar:n
noodvoorraden	noodvoorraad:n
noodvoorraadje	noodvoorraad:n
schoolleidingen	schoolleiding:n
telefoonnetten	telefoonnet:n
vrijhou	vrijhouden:v
vrijhoud	vrijhouden:v
vrijhield	vrijhouden:v
vrijhoudt	vrijhouden:v
vrijhielden	vrijhouden:v
vrijhoudend	vrijhouden:v
vrijgehouden	vrijhouden:v
poeliers	poelier:n
poeliertje	poelier:n
weeralarmen	weeralarm:n
weeralarmpje	weeralarm:n
rampenzenders	rampenzender:n
overbelastingen	overbelasting:n
noodpakketten	noodpakket:n
egelskoppen	egelskop:n
egelskopje	egelskop:n
blauwgraslanden	blauwgrasland:n
blauwgraslandje	blauwgrasland:n
constituties	constitutie:n
onuitputtelijker	onuitputtelijk:a
onuitputtelijkst	onuitputtelijk:a
onuitputtelijke	onuitputtelijk:a
onuitputtelijkere	onuitputtelijk:a
onuitputtelijkste	onuitputtelijk:a
opiumpijpen	opiumpijp:n
opiumpijpje	opiumpijp:n
bosjavanen	bosjavaan:n
socialemedia-accounts	socialemedia-account:n
kleuriger	kleurig:a
kleurigst	kleurig:a
kleurige	kleurig:a
kleurigere	kleurig:a
kleurigste	kleurig:a
stranddagen	stranddag:n
formatiepogingen	formatiepoging:n
oppositiepartijen	oppositiepartij:n
oppositiepartijtje	oppositiepartij:n
animeermeisjes	animeermeisje:n
reanimeer	reanimeren:v
reanimeerde	reanimeren:v
reanimeert	reanimeren:v
reanimeerden	reanimeren:v
reanimerend	reanimeren:v
gereanimeerd	reanimeren:v
peeskamers	peeskamer:n
peeskamertje	peeskamer:n
straatmadelieven	straatmadelief:n
straatmadeliefje	straatmadelief:n
kiesmensen	kiesmens:n
kiesmensje	kiesmens:n
informatiekantoren	informatiekantoor:n
rancuneuzer	rancuneus:a
rancuneust	rancuneus:a
rancuneuze	rancuneus:a
rancuneuzere	rancuneus:a
rancuneuste	rancuneus:a
wrokkiger	wrokkig:a
wrokkigst	wrokkig:a
wrokkige	wrokkig:a
wrokkigere	wrokkig:a
wrokkigste	wrokkig:a
koffiekopje	koffiekop:n
koffiekoppen	koffiekop:n
onbeschofte	onbeschoft:a
herbebossingen	herbebossing:n
bevrijdingszetten	bevrijdingszet:n
loperoffers	loperoffer:n
dameoffers	dameoffer:n
schijnoffers	schijnoffer:n
ziekteverloven	ziekteverlof:n
ziekteverlofje	ziekteverlof:n
woningbouwverenigingen	woningbouwvereniging:n
traploop	traplopen:v
trapliep	traplopen:v
traploopt	traplopen:v
trapliepen	traplopen:v
traplopend	traplopen:v
trapgelopen	traplopen:v
tegemoetzie	tegemoetzien:v
tegemoetzag	tegemoetzien:v
tegemoetziet	tegemoetzien:v
tegemoetzagen	tegemoetzien:v
tegemoetziend	tegemoetzien:v
tegemoetgezien	tegemoetzien:v
witveldige	witveldig:a
zwartveldige	zwartveldig:a
eindtoetsen	eindtoets:n
openingszinnen	openingszin:n
openingszinnetje	openingszin:n
trouwdata	trouwdatum:n
trouwdatums	trouwdatum:n
poeri's	poeri:n
plaskruizen	plaskruis:n
plaskruisje	plaskruis:n
distantieer	distantiëren:v
distantieerde	distantiëren:v
distantieert	distantiëren:v
distantieerden	distantiëren:v
distantiërend	distantiëren:v
gedistantieerd	distantiëren:v
adaptaties	adaptatie:n
adaptatietje	adaptatie:n
bhaiwa's	bhaiwa:n
baala's	baala:n
ongeslagener	ongeslagen:a
ongeslagenst	ongeslagen:a
ongeslagenste	ongeslagen:a
onverslagener	onverslagen:a
onverslagenst	onverslagen:a
onverslagenste	onverslagen:a
bosranken	bosrank:n
bosrankje	bosrank:n
kaderleden	kaderlid:n
kaderlidje	kaderlid:n
x-assen	x-as:n
z-assen	z-as:n
voorlichten	voorlicht:n
achterlichten	achterlicht:n
binnenren	binnenrennen:v
binnenrende	binnenrennen:v
binnenrent	binnenrennen:v
binnenrenden	binnenrennen:v
binnenrennend	binnenrennen:v
binnengerend	binnenrennen:v
huwelijkscadeaus	huwelijkscadeau:n
cadeauwinkels	cadeauwinkel:n
cadeauwinkeltje	cadeauwinkel:n
hersenvliesontstekingen	hersenvliesontsteking:n
halfvolle	halfvol:a
halflege	halfleeg:a
halfgevulde	halfgevuld:a
kontlozer	kontloos:a
kontloost	kontloos:a
kontloze	kontloos:a
kontlozere	kontloos:a
kontlooste	kontloos:a
roetsjbanen	roetsjbaan:n
roetsjbaantje	roetsjbaan:n
legendairder	legendair:a
legendairst	legendair:a
legendaire	legendair:a
legendairdere	legendair:a
legendairste	legendair:a
literatuurwetenschappen	literatuurwetenschap:n
literatuurwetenschappers	literatuurwetenschapper:n
literatuurwetenschappertje	literatuurwetenschapper:n
litteratuur	literatuur:n
sjit	shit:n|shit:i
coronagevallen	coronageval:n
veelvormiger	veelvormig:a
veelvormigst	veelvormig:a
veelvormige	veelvormig:a
veelvormigere	veelvormig:a
veelvormigste	veelvormig:a
doemscenario's	doemscenario:n
wegglij	wegglijden:v
wegglijd	wegglijden:v
weggleed	wegglijden:v
wegglijdt	wegglijden:v
weggleden	wegglijden:v
wegglijdend	wegglijden:v
weggegleden	wegglijden:v
babyboomgeneraties	babyboomgeneratie:n
onbeheersbaarder	onbeheersbaar:a
onbeheersbaarst	onbeheersbaar:a
onbeheersbaare	onbeheersbaar:a
onbeheersbaardere	onbeheersbaar:a
onbeheersbaarste	onbeheersbaar:a
onbeheersbare	onbeheersbaar:a
doorstijg	doorstijgen:v
doorsteeg	doorstijgen:v
doorstijgt	doorstijgen:v
doorstegen	doorstijgen:v
doorstijgend	doorstijgen:v
doorgestegen	doorstijgen:v
tegengeluiden	tegengeluid:n
tegengeluidje	tegengeluid:n
wijkbewoners	wijkbewoner:n
leeftijdsverschillen	leeftijdsverschil:n
leeftijdsverschilletje	leeftijdsverschil:n
gelijkluidender	gelijkluidend:a
gelijkluidendst	gelijkluidend:a
gelijkluidende	gelijkluidend:a
gelijkluidendere	gelijkluidend:a
gelijkluidendste	gelijkluidend:a
vakbladen	vakblad:n
vakblaadje	vakblad:n
Rotterdamsen	Rotterdamse:n
Rotterdamse	Rotterdams:a
Rotterdamser	Rotterdams:a
Rotterdamst	Rotterdams:a
Rotterdamsere	Rotterdams:a
Rotterdamste	Rotterdams:a
MRI-scans	MRI-scan:n
hersenvolumen	hersenvolume:n
hersenvolumes	hersenvolume:n
risicofactoren	risicofactor:n
denkvermogens	denkvermogen:n
langlopender	langlopend:a
langlopendst	langlopend:a
langlopende	langlopend:a
langlopendere	langlopend:a
langlopendste	langlopend:a
gerandomiseerd	randomiseren:v
randomiseer	randomiseren:v
randomiseerde	randomiseren:v
randomiseert	randomiseren:v
randomiseerden	randomiseren:v
randomiserend	randomiseren:v
vijftigers	vijftiger:n
misvattingen	misvatting:n
milieuonvriendelijker	milieuonvriendelijk:a
milieuonvriendelijkst	milieuonvriendelijk:a
milieuonvriendelijke	milieuonvriendelijk:a
milieuonvriendelijkere	milieuonvriendelijk:a
milieuonvriendelijkste	milieuonvriendelijk:a
spoorbanen	spoorbaan:n
spoorbaantje	spoorbaan:n
remsporen	remspoor:n
remspoortje	remspoor:n
poelsnep	poelsnip:n
snijders	snijder:n
snijdertje	snijder:n
luws	luw:a
blauwigs	blauwig:a
autovrijs	autovrij:a
alcoholvrijs	alcoholvrij:a
hardloopwedstrijden	hardloopwedstrijd:n
hardloopwedstrijdje	hardloopwedstrijd:n
maatjesharingen	maatjesharing:n
maatjesharinkje	maatjesharing:n
paai	paaien:v
paaide	paaien:v
paait	paaien:v
paaiden	paaien:v
paaiend	paaien:v
gepaaid	paaien:v
geslachtskenmerken	geslachtskenmerk:n
esthetieken	esthetiek:n
esthetieker	esthetiek:a
esthetiekst	esthetiek:a
esthetieke	esthetiek:a
esthetiekere	esthetiek:a
esthetiekste	esthetiek:a
schoonen	schonen:v
Schoonen	Schonen:m
beenders	been:n
kettinghorren	kettinghor:n
kettinghortje	kettinghor:n
hormachines	hormachine:n
bijballen	bijbal:n
optelsommen	optelsom:n
optelsommetje	optelsom:n
nutriënten	nutriënt:n
amortisaties	amortisatie:n
amortisatietje	amortisatie:n
amortiseer	amortiseren:v
amortiseerde	amortiseren:v
amortiseert	amortiseren:v
amortiseerden	amortiseren:v
amortiserend	amortiseren:v
geamortiseerd	amortiseren:v
amortiseerbaarder	amortiseerbaar:a
amortiseerbaarst	amortiseerbaar:a
amortiseerbare	amortiseerbaar:a
amortiseerbaardere	amortiseerbaar:a
amortiseerbaarste	amortiseerbaar:a
blauwachtigs	blauwachtig:a
blaauwig	blauwig:a
stofvrijs	stofvrij:a
kogelvrijs	kogelvrij:a
ijsvrijs	ijsvrij:a
bomvrijs	bomvrij:a
loodvrijs	loodvrij:a
roestvrijs	roestvrij:a
autoluws	autoluw:a
roodachtigs	roodachtig:a
tv-kijk	tv-kijken:v
tv-keek	tv-kijken:v
tv-kijkt	tv-kijken:v
tv-keken	tv-kijken:v
tv-kijkend	tv-kijken:v
tv-gekeken	tv-kijken:v
feestjurken	feestjurk:n
feestjurkje	feestjurk:n
thuisblijf	thuisblijven:v
thuisbleef	thuisblijven:v
thuisblijft	thuisblijven:v
thuisbleven	thuisblijven:v
thuisblijvend	thuisblijven:v
thuisgebleven	thuisblijven:v
rondkijk	rondkijken:v
rondkeek	rondkijken:v
rondkijkt	rondkijken:v
rondkeken	rondkijken:v
rondkijkend	rondkijken:v
rondgekeken	rondkijken:v
onbewerkter	onbewerkt:a
onbewerktst	onbewerkt:a
onbewerkte	onbewerkt:a
onbewerktere	onbewerkt:a
onbewerktste	onbewerkt:a
publieksvoorlichtingen	publieksvoorlichting:n
ondervoedingen	ondervoeding:n
braadvetten	braadvet:n
knijpflessen	knijpfles:n
knijpflesje	knijpfles:n
spijswetten	spijswet:n
culinairder	culinair:a
culinairst	culinair:a
culinairdere	culinair:a
culinairste	culinair:a
voedingspatronen	voedingspatroon:n
limiteer	limiteren:v
limiteerde	limiteren:v
limiteert	limiteren:v
limiteerden	limiteren:v
limiterend	limiteren:v
gelimiteerd	limiteren:v
inplan	inplannen:v
inplande	inplannen:v
inplant	inplannen:v
inplanden	inplannen:v
inplannend	inplannen:v
ingepland	inplannen:v
fastfoodketens	fastfoodketen:n
kakistocratieën	kakistocratie:n
kakistocratietje	kakistocratie:n
neehee	nee:i
Moffrikaanser	Moffrikaans:a
Moffrikaanst	Moffrikaans:a
Moffrikaanse	Moffrikaans:a
Moffrikaansere	Moffrikaans:a
Moffrikaanste	Moffrikaans:a
Moffrikanen	Moffrikaan:n
Moffrikaantje	Moffrikaan:n
afraders	afrader:n
afradertje	afrader:n
extracties	extractie:n
extractietje	extractie:n
zeespiegelstijgingen	zeespiegelstijging:n
zeespiegelstijginkje	zeespiegelstijging:n
inkepingen	inkeping:n
inkepinkje	inkeping:n
prumjee	premier:n
struikeiken	struikeik:n
missalen	missaal:n
missaaltje	missaal:n
misboeks	misboek:n
misboekje	misboek:n
parasoldennen	parasolden:n
parasoldentje	parasolden:n
buikslapers	buikslaper:n
buikslapertje	buikslaper:n
rugslapers	rugslaper:n
rugslapertje	rugslaper:n
zijslapers	zijslaper:n
zijslapertje	zijslaper:n
bijstuur	bijsturen:v
bijstuurde	bijsturen:v
bijstuurt	bijsturen:v
bijstuurden	bijsturen:v
bijsturend	bijsturen:v
bijgestuurd	bijsturen:v
waaierduiven	waaierduif:n
waaierduifje	waaierduif:n
kroonduiven	kroonduif:n
kroonduifje	kroonduif:n
beemdkroontje	beemdkroon:n
backpack	backpacken:v
backpackte	backpacken:v
backpackt	backpacken:v
backpackten	backpacken:v
backpackend	backpacken:v
gebackpackt	backpacken:v
hotelmanagers	hotelmanager:n
ribbels	ribbel:n
ribbeltje	ribbel:n
instrueer	instrueren:v
instrueerde	instrueren:v
instrueert	instrueren:v
instrueerden	instrueren:v
instruerend	instrueren:v
geïnstrueerd	instrueren:v
inventarisaties	inventarisatie:n
inventarisatietje	inventarisatie:n
ondermaatser	ondermaats:a
ondermaatst	ondermaats:a
ondermaatse	ondermaats:a
ondermaatsere	ondermaats:a
ondermaatste	ondermaats:a
benedenmaatser	benedenmaats:a
benedenmaatst	benedenmaats:a
benedenmaatse	benedenmaats:a
benedenmaatsere	benedenmaats:a
benedenmaatste	benedenmaats:a
bovenmaatser	bovenmaats:a
bovenmaatst	bovenmaats:a
bovenmaatse	bovenmaats:a
bovenmaatsere	bovenmaats:a
bovenmaatste	bovenmaats:a
overmaatser	overmaats:a
overmaatst	overmaats:a
overmaatse	overmaats:a
overmaatsere	overmaats:a
overmaatste	overmaats:a
ondermaatsch	ondermaats:a
benedenmaatsch	benedenmaats:a
bovenmaatsch	bovenmaats:a
overmaatsch	overmaats:a
wegbezuinig	wegbezuinigen:v
wegbezuinigde	wegbezuinigen:v
wegbezuinigt	wegbezuinigen:v
wegbezuinigden	wegbezuinigen:v
wegbezuinigend	wegbezuinigen:v
wegbezuinigd	wegbezuinigen:v
hellevegen	helleveeg:n
helleveegje	helleveeg:n
labaria's	labaria:n
demarreer	demarreren:v
demarreerde	demarreren:v
demarreert	demarreren:v
demarreerden	demarreren:v
demarrerend	demarreren:v
gedemarreerd	demarreren:v
demarrages	demarrage:n
noviteiten	noviteit:n
noviteitje	noviteit:n
responsiever	responsief:a
responsiefst	responsief:a
responsieve	responsief:a
responsievere	responsief:a
responsiefste	responsief:a
hoerenjongen	hoerenjong:n
laagten	laagte:n
nevenvormen	nevenvorm:n
nevenvormpje	nevenvorm:n
reproducties	reproductie:n
reproductietje	reproductie:n
reproduceer	reproduceren:v
reproduceerde	reproduceren:v
reproduceert	reproduceren:v
reproduceerden	reproduceren:v
reproducerend	reproduceren:v
gereproduceerd	reproduceren:v
reproduceerbaarder	reproduceerbaar:a
reproduceerbaarst	reproduceerbaar:a
reproduceerbare	reproduceerbaar:a
reproduceerbaardere	reproduceerbaar:a
reproduceerbaarste	reproduceerbaar:a
genoegdoeningen	genoegdoening:n
genoegdoeninkje	genoegdoening:n
declaraties	declaratie:n
declaratietje	declaratie:n
declarabeler	declarabel:a
declarabelst	declarabel:a
declarabele	declarabel:a
declarabelere	declarabel:a
declarabelste	declarabel:a
declaratoirs	declaratoir:n
declaratoirtje	declaratoir:n
declaratoirder	declaratoir:a
declaratoirst	declaratoir:a
declaratoire	declaratoir:a
declaratoirdere	declaratoir:a
declaratoirste	declaratoir:a
declaratiever	declaratief:a
declaratiefst	declaratief:a
declaratieve	declaratief:a
declaratievere	declaratief:a
declaratiefste	declaratief:a
jovialiteiten	jovialiteit:n
oertijden	oertijd:n
oertijdje	oertijd:n
coltruien	coltrui:n
coltruitje	coltrui:n
dichthou	dichthouden:v
dichthoud	dichthouden:v
dichthield	dichthouden:v
dichthoudt	dichthouden:v
dichthielden	dichthouden:v
dichthoudend	dichthouden:v
dichtgehouden	dichthouden:v
forfaitaire	forfaitair:a
geothermische	geothermisch:a
articuleer	articuleren:v
articuleerde	articuleren:v
articuleert	articuleren:v
articuleerden	articuleren:v
articulerend	articuleren:v
gearticuleerd	articuleren:v
boegroe's	boegroe:n
ondergemiddelde	ondergemiddeld:a
boekverbrandingen	boekverbranding:n
hvl	hoeveel:t|hoeveel:r
jut	jutten:v
jutte	jutten:v
juttend	jutten:v
gejut	jutten:v
strandjut	strandjutten:v
strandjutte	strandjutten:v
strandjuttend	strandjutten:v
gestrandjut	strandjutten:v
versmaad	versmaden:v
versmaadde	versmaden:v
versmaadt	versmaden:v
versmaadden	versmaden:v
versmadend	versmaden:v
smiechteriger	smiechterig:a
smiechterigst	smiechterig:a
smiechterige	smiechterig:a
smiechterigere	smiechterig:a
smiechterigste	smiechterig:a
bootongelukken	bootongeluk:n
reclamespots	reclamespot:n
reclamespotje	reclamespot:n
schoolfeesten	schoolfeest:n
schoolfeestje	schoolfeest:n
toverscholen	toverschool:n
toverschooltje	toverschool:n
wegstap	wegstappen:v
wegstapte	wegstappen:v
wegstapt	wegstappen:v
wegstapten	wegstappen:v|wegzappen:v
wegstappend	wegstappen:v
weggestapt	wegstappen:v
wellustelingen	wellusteling:n
klederdrachten	klederdracht:n
kapitaalkrachtiger	kapitaalkrachtig:a
kapitaalkrachtigst	kapitaalkrachtig:a
kapitaalkrachtige	kapitaalkrachtig:a
kapitaalkrachtigere	kapitaalkrachtig:a
kapitaalkrachtigste	kapitaalkrachtig:a
openhartiger	openhartig:a
openhartigst	openhartig:a
openhartige	openhartig:a
openhartigere	openhartig:a
openhartigste	openhartig:a
partituren	partituur:n
partituurtje	partituur:n
Jodenreine	Jodenrein:a
jodenrein	Jodenrein:a
articulaties	articulatie:n
articulatietje	articulatie:n
articulatorische	articulatorisch:a
alleengaande	alleengaand:a
blauwbek	blauwbekken:v
blauwbekte	blauwbekken:v
blauwbekt	blauwbekken:v
blauwbekten	blauwbekken:v
blauwbekkend	blauwbekken:v
geblauwbekt	blauwbekken:v
migratieachtergronden	migratieachtergrond:n
waardeketens	waardeketen:n
bevoorradingen	bevoorrading:n
bevoorradingsketens	bevoorradingsketen:n
huldigingen	huldiging:n
huldiginkje	huldiging:n
mooiboys	mooiboy:n
mooiboytje	mooiboy:n
misthoorns	misthoorn:n
misthoorntje	misthoorn:n
naamgevingen	naamgeving:n
ginnegap	ginnegappen:v
ginnegapte	ginnegappen:v
ginnegapt	ginnegappen:v
ginnegapten	ginnegappen:v
ginnegappend	ginnegappen:v
geginnegapt	ginnegappen:v
vermurwbaarder	vermurwbaar:a
vermurwbaarst	vermurwbaar:a
vermurwbare	vermurwbaar:a
vermurwbaardere	vermurwbaar:a
vermurwbaarste	vermurwbaar:a
onvermurwbaarder	onvermurwbaar:a
onvermurwbaarst	onvermurwbaar:a
onvermurwbare	onvermurwbaar:a
onvermurwbaardere	onvermurwbaar:a
onvermurwbaarste	onvermurwbaar:a
noodig	nodig:a|nodig:d
gepastheden	gepastheid:n
waanideeën	waanidee:n
waanideetje	waanidee:n
commanditairen	commanditair:n
commanditairtje	commanditair:n
rechtspersonen	rechtspersoon:n
rechtspersoontje	rechtspersoon:n
publiekrechtelijke	publiekrechtelijk:a
privaatrechtelijke	privaatrechtelijk:a
rechtspersoonlijke	rechtspersoonlijk:a
klonter	klonteren:v
klonterde	klonteren:v
klontert	klonteren:v
klonterden	klonteren:v
klonterend	klonteren:v
geklonterd	klonteren:v
klonteringen	klontering:n
klonterinkje	klontering:n
klonteriger	klonterig:a
klonterigst	klonterig:a
klonterige	klonterig:a
klonterigere	klonterig:a
klonterigste	klonterig:a
samenklonter	samenklonteren:v
samenklonterde	samenklonteren:v
samenklontert	samenklonteren:v
samenklonterden	samenklonteren:v
samenklonterend	samenklonteren:v
samengeklonterd	samenklonteren:v
veemgerechten	veemgerecht:n
veemgerechtje	veemgerecht:n
veemgericht	veemgerecht:n
kontjeneuken	kontneuken:v
afkeer	afkeren:v
afkeerde	afkeren:v
afkeert	afkeren:v
afkeerden	afkeren:v
afkerend	afkeren:v
afgekeerd	afkeren:v
knuffeliger	knuffelig:a
knuffeligst	knuffelig:a
knuffeligere	knuffelig:a
knuffeligste	knuffelig:a
knuffelige	knuffelig:a
doorweek	doorweken:v
doorweekt	doorweken:v
doorweekten	doorweken:v
doorwekend	doorweken:v
diffusies	diffusie:n
vindbaarder	vindbaar:a
vindbaarst	vindbaar:a
vindbare	vindbaar:a
vindbaarste	vindbaar:a
perzikbomen	perzikboom:n
perzikboompje	perzikboom:n
perzikenboom	perzikboom:n
heterdaden	heterdaad:n
heterdaadje	heterdaad:n
de-installeer	de-installeren:v
de-installeerde	de-installeren:v
de-installeert	de-installeren:v
de-installeerden	de-installeren:v
de-installerend	de-installeren:v
gede-installeerd	de-installeren:v
engerds	engerd:n
engerdje	engerd:n
ringstaartmaki's	ringstaartmaki:n
ringstaartmakietje	ringstaartmaki:n
lemuren	lemuur:n
lemuurtje	lemuur:n
edelvrouwen	edelvrouw:n
edelvrouwtje	edelvrouw:n
vreetketen	vreetkeet:n
vreetkeetje	vreetkeet:n
zuipketen	zuipkeet:n
zuipkeetje	zuipkeet:n
toetjesmagen	toetjesmaag:n
toetjesmaagje	toetjesmaag:n
enkelen	enkele:r
dezelfden	dezelfde:r
hoevele	hoeveel:t|hoeveel:r
zovele	zoveel:t|zoveel:r
keukenmeiden	keukenmeid:n
keukenmeisje	keukenmeid:n
flikkersterren	flikkerster:n
flikkersterretje	flikkerster:n
sterrenflikkers	sterrenflikker:n
sterrenflikkertje	sterrenflikker:n
vuurwerkbrillen	vuurwerkbril:n
vuurwerkbrilletje	vuurwerkbril:n
luchthuilers	luchthuiler:n
knalerwten	knalerwt:n
knalerwtje	knalerwt:n
duizendklappers	duizendklapper:n
tienduizendklappers	tienduizendklapper:n
honderdduizendklappers	honderdduizendklapper:n
agv	avg:n
wierookvaten	wierookvat:n
woordmerken	woordmerk:n
penetraties	penetratie:n
penetratietje	penetratie:n
mutileer	mutileren:v
mutileerde	mutileren:v
mutileert	mutileren:v
mutileerden	mutileren:v
mutilerend	mutileren:v
gemutileerd	mutileren:v
mutilaties	mutilatie:n
mutilatietje	mutilatie:n
mutileringen	mutilering:n
mutilerinkje	mutilering:n
zelfmutilaties	zelfmutilatie:n
zelfmutilatietje	zelfmutilatie:n
urgenties	urgentie:n
urgentietje	urgentie:n
schrammetje	schram:n
waarzeg	waarzeggen:v
waarzegde	waarzeggen:v
waarzegt	waarzeggen:v
waarzegden	waarzeggen:v
waarzeggend	waarzeggen:v
gewaarzegd	waarzeggen:v
verstoppingen	verstopping:n
verstoppinkje	verstopping:n
onweerlegbare	onweerlegbaar:a
haarstylisten	haarstylist:n
ID-kaarten	ID-kaart:n
ingenieurswetenschappen	ingenieurswetenschap:n
schooluniformen	schooluniform:n
schooluniformpje	schooluniform:n
volwassener	volwassen:a
pluiziger	pluizig:a
pluizigst	pluizig:a
pluizige	pluizig:a
pluizigere	pluizig:a
pluizigste	pluizig:a
spieringen	spiering:n
spierinkje	spiering:n
fertieler	fertiel:a
fertielst	fertiel:a
fertiele	fertiel:a
fertielere	fertiel:a
fertielste	fertiel:a
fertiliseer	fertiliseren:v
fertiliseerde	fertiliseren:v
fertiliseert	fertiliseren:v
fertiliseerden	fertiliseren:v
fertiliserend	fertiliseren:v
gefertiliseerd	fertiliseren:v
fertilisaties	fertilisatie:n
fertilisatietje	fertilisatie:n
veldlathyrussen	veldlathyrus:n
veldlathyrusje	veldlathyrus:n
lathyrussen	lathyrus:n
lathyrusje	lathyrus:n
wetenschapsmusea	wetenschapsmuseum:n
wetenschapsmuseums	wetenschapsmuseum:n
dansoptredens	dansoptreden:n
ongetrouwe	ongetrouw:a
lacuneuzer	lacuneus:a
lacuneust	lacuneus:a
lacuneuze	lacuneus:a
lacuneuste	lacuneus:a
directheden	directheid:n
indirectheden	indirectheid:n
glinster	glinsteren:v
glinsterde	glinsteren:v
glinstert	glinsteren:v
glinsterden	glinsteren:v
glinsterend	glinsteren:v
geglinsterd	glinsteren:v
glinsteringen	glinstering:n
glinsteringetje	glinstering:n
hooibalen	hooibaal:n
hooibaaltje	hooibaal:n
intuïtiever	intuïtief:a
intuïtiefst	intuïtief:a
intuïtieve	intuïtief:a
intuïtievere	intuïtief:a
intuïtiefste	intuïtief:a
MeToos	MeToo:n
MeTootje	MeToo:n
MeToo'tje	MeToo:n
sukkeldrafje	sukkeldraf:n
vreemt	vreemd:a
vreempt	vreemd:a
verzucht	verzuchten:v
verzuchtte	verzuchten:v
verzuchtten	verzuchten:v
verzuchtend	verzuchten:v
instinctiever	instinctief:a
instinctiefst	instinctief:a
instinctieve	instinctief:a
instinctievere	instinctief:a
instinctiefste	instinctief:a
instinctmatiger	instinctmatig:a
instinctmatigst	instinctmatig:a
instinctmatige	instinctmatig:a
instinctmatigere	instinctmatig:a
instinctmatigste	instinctmatig:a
strubbel	strubbelen:v
strubbelde	strubbelen:v
strubbelt	strubbelen:v
strubbelden	strubbelen:v
strubbelend	strubbelen:v
gestrubbeld	strubbelen:v
verstrooi	verstrooien:v
verstrooit	verstrooien:v
verstrooiden	verstrooien:v
verstrooiend	verstrooien:v
bronstiger	bronstig:a
bronstigst	bronstig:a
bronstige	bronstig:a
bronstigere	bronstig:a
bronstigste	bronstig:a
blancheer	blancheren:v
blancheerde	blancheren:v
blancheert	blancheren:v
blancheerden	blancheren:v
blancherend	blancheren:v
geblancheerd	blancheren:v
kondige	kondig:a
propheet	profeet:n
accumuleer	accumuleren:v
accumuleerde	accumuleren:v
accumuleert	accumuleren:v
accumuleerden	accumuleren:v
accumulerend	accumuleren:v
geaccumuleerd	accumuleren:v
accumulatiever	accumulatief:a
accumulatiefst	accumulatief:a
accumulatieve	accumulatief:a
accumulatievere	accumulatief:a
accumulatiefste	accumulatief:a
arbeidsinstensiever	arbeidsintensief:a
arbeidsintensiefst	arbeidsintensief:a
arbeidsintensiever	arbeidsintensief:a
arbeidsintensieve	arbeidsintensief:a
arbeidsintensievere	arbeidsintensief:a
arbeidsintensiefste	arbeidsintensief:a
bekendmakingen	bekendmaking:n
bekendmakinkje	bekendmaking:n
beëindigingen	beëindiging:n
beëindiginkje	beëindiging:n
commandeer	commanderen:v
commandeerde	commanderen:v
commandeert	commanderen:v
commandeerden	commanderen:v
commanderend	commanderen:v
gecommandeerd	commanderen:v
ongetemde	ongetemd:a
tembaarder	tembaar:a
tembaarst	tembaar:a
tembaare	tembaar:a
tembaardere	tembaar:a
tembaarste	tembaar:a
bureaucratischer	bureaucratisch:a
bureaucratische	bureaucratisch:a
bureaucratischere	bureaucratisch:a
bureaucraten	bureaucraat:n
bureaucraatje	bureaucraat:n
bensj	bensjen:v
bensjte	bensjen:v
bensjt	bensjen:v
bensjten	bensjen:v
bensjend	bensjen:v
gebensjt	bensjen:v
vermaledij	vermaledijen:v
vermaledijt	vermaledijen:v
vermaledijden	vermaledijen:v
vermaledijend	vermaledijen:v
maledij	maledijen:v
maledijde	maledijen:v
maledijt	maledijen:v
maledijden	maledijen:v
maledijend	maledijen:v
gemaledijd	maledijen:v
benedij	benedijen:v
benedijde	benedijen:v
benedijt	benedijen:v
benedijden	benedijen:v
benedijend	benedijen:v
technocraten	technocraat:n
technocraatje	technocraat:n
technocratischer	technocratisch:a
technocratische	technocratisch:a
technocratischere	technocratisch:a
ondiepten	ondiepte:n
ondieptetje	ondiepte:n
weelderiger	weelderig:a
weelderigst	weelderig:a
weelderige	weelderig:a
weelderigere	weelderig:a
weelderigste	weelderig:a
weelderigheden	weelderigheid:n
doordraai	doordraaien:v
doordraaide	doordraaien:v
doordraait	doordraaien:v
doordraaiden	doordraaien:v
doordraaiend	doordraaien:v
doorgedraaid	doordraaien:v
kapoeweri's	kapoeweri:n
moralistischer	moralistisch:a
moralistische	moralistisch:a
moralistischere	moralistisch:a
moralistischte	moralistisch:a
gloorde	gloren:v
gloort	gloren:v
gloorden	gloren:v
glorend	gloren:v
gegloord	gloren:v
politievrouwen	politievrouw:n
politievrouwtje	politievrouw:n
onzediger	onzedig:a
onzedigst	onzedig:a
onzedige	onzedig:a
onzedigere	onzedig:a
onzedigste	onzedig:a
doorhaal	doorhalen:v
doorhaalde	doorhalen:v
doorhaalt	doorhalen:v
doorhaalden	doorhalen:v
doorhalend	doorhalen:v
doorgehaald	doorhalen:v
gevoellooser	gevoelloos:a
gevoelloost	gevoelloos:a
gevoelloze	gevoelloos:a
gevoellooste	gevoelloos:a
haverij	averij:n
eenogige	eenogig:a
meergezinswoningen	meergezinswoning:n
fileer	fileren:v
fileerde	fileren:v
fileert	fileren:v
fileerden	fileren:v
filerend	fileren:v
gefileerd	fileren:v
snauwen	snauw:n
snauwtje	snauw:n
verwoestijn	verwoestijnen:v
verwoestijnde	verwoestijnen:v
verwoestijnt	verwoestijnen:v
verwoestijnden	verwoestijnen:v
verwoestijnend	verwoestijnen:v
verwoestijnd	verwoestijnen:v
stormloop	stormlopen:v
stormliep	stormlopen:v
stormloopt	stormlopen:v
stormliepen	stormlopen:v
stormlopend	stormlopen:v
stormgelopen	stormlopen:v
stormbanden	stormband:n
stormbandje	stormband:n
slaapmuizen	slaapmuis:n
slaapmuisje	slaapmuis:n
aanpraat	aanpraten:v
aanpraatte	aanpraten:v
aanpraatten	aanpraten:v
aanpratend	aanpraten:v
aangepraat	aanpraten:v
onaardiger	onaardig:a
onaardigst	onaardig:a
onaardige	onaardig:a
onaardigere	onaardig:a
onaardigste	onaardig:a
onaardigheden	onaardigheid:n
onaardigheidje	onaardigheid:n
aanklik	aanklikken:v
aanklikte	aanklikken:v
aanklikt	aanklikken:v
aanklikten	aanklikken:v
aanklikkend	aanklikken:v
aangeklikt	aanklikken:v
wegklik	wegklikken:v
wegklikte	wegklikken:v
wegklikt	wegklikken:v
wegklikten	wegklikken:v
wegklikkend	wegklikken:v
weggeklikt	wegklikken:v
snelbinders	snelbinder:n
snelbindertje	snelbinder:n
aanbraad	aanbraden:v
aanbraadde	aanbraden:v
aanbraadt	aanbraden:v
aanbraadden	aanbraden:v
aanbradend	aanbraden:v
aangebraden	aanbraden:v
opmaten	opmaat:n
opmaatje	opmaat:n
instrumentale	instrumentaal:a
audiovisuele	audiovisueel:a
dubbelzijdige	dubbelzijdig:a
eurotekens	euroteken:n
eurotekentje	euroteken:n
bedankjes	bedankje:n
oninteressanter	oninteressant:a
oninteressantst	oninteressant:a
oninteressante	oninteressant:a
oninteressantere	oninteressant:a
oninteressantste	oninteressant:a
babyfoto's	babyfoto:n
babyfotootje	babyfoto:n
eïssen	eïs:n
eïsje	eïs:n
geslachtsdelen	geslachtsdeel:n
geslachtsdeeltje	geslachtsdeel:n
glutenvrije	glutenvrij:a
gewetensonderzoeken	gewetensonderzoek:n
kringspieren	kringspier:n
kringspiertje	kringspier:n
latrelaties	latrelatie:n
latrelatietje	latrelatie:n
retecooler	retecool:a
retecoole	retecool:a
retecoolere	retecool:a
retecoolste	retecool:a
dierenlevens	dierenleven:n
lat-relatie	latrelatie:n
LAT-relatie	latrelatie:n
onleefbaarder	onleefbaar:a
onleefbaarst	onleefbaar:a
onleefbare	onleefbaar:a
onleefbaardere	onleefbaar:a
onleefbaarste	onleefbaar:a
lianen	liaan:n
liaantje	liaan:n
renoveer	renoveren:v
renoveerde	renoveren:v
renoveert	renoveren:v
renoveerden	renoveren:v
renoverend	renoveren:v
gerenoveerd	renoveren:v
rugbyde	rugbyen:v
rugbyt	rugbyen:v
rugbyden	rugbyen:v
rugbyend	rugbyen:v
gerugbyd	rugbyen:v
mondhoeken	mondhoek:n
mondhoekje	mondhoek:n
stafrijmen	stafrijm:n
stafrijmpje	stafrijm:n
opvliegers	opvlieger:n
opvliegertje	opvlieger:n
vibo	vibrator:n
opvlieg	opvliegen:v
opvloog	opvliegen:v
opvliegt	opvliegen:v
opvlogen	opvliegen:v
opvliegend	opvliegen:v
opgevlogen	opvliegen:v
romiger	romig:a
romigst	romig:a
romige	romig:a
romigere	romig:a
romigste	romig:a
nieuwschierig	nieuwsgierig:a
waspompoenen	waspompoen:n
waspompoentje	waspompoen:n
koalaberen	koalabeer:n
koalabeertje	koalabeer:n
chocoladecakes	chocoladecake:n
beklad	bekladden:v
bekladde	bekladden:v
bekladt	bekladden:v
bekladdend	bekladden:v
kladblokken	kladblok:n
kladblokje	kladblok:n
chicorei	cichorei:n
deflatoirder	deflatoir:a
deflatoirst	deflatoir:a
deflatoire	deflatoir:a
deflatoirdere	deflatoir:a
deflatoirste	deflatoir:a
inflatoirder	inflatoir:a
inflatoirst	inflatoir:a
inflatoire	inflatoir:a
inflatoirdere	inflatoir:a
inflatoirste	inflatoir:a
discriminatoirder	discriminatoir:a
discriminatoirst	discriminatoir:a
discriminatoire	discriminatoir:a
discriminatoirdere	discriminatoir:a
discriminatoirste	discriminatoir:a
informatiever	informatief:a
informatiefst	informatief:a
informatieve	informatief:a
informatievere	informatief:a
informatiefste	informatief:a
normatiever	normatief:a
normatiefst	normatief:a
normatieve	normatief:a
normatievere	normatief:a
normatiefste	normatief:a
verneuker	verneukeren:v
verneukerde	verneukeren:v
verneukert	verneukeren:v
verneukerden	verneukeren:v
verneukerend	verneukeren:v
verneukerd	verneukeren:v
fluweliger	fluwelig:a
fluweligst	fluwelig:a
fluwelige	fluwelig:a
fluweligere	fluwelig:a
fluweligste	fluwelig:a
denigreer	denigreren:v
denigreerde	denigreren:v
denigreert	denigreren:v
denigreerden	denigreren:v
denigrerend	denigreren:v
gedenigreerd	denigreren:v
uitsteeksels	uitsteeksel:n
papierwinkels	papierwinkel:n
papierwinkeltje	papierwinkel:n
jaardagen	jaardag:n
eileiders	eileider:n
eileidertje	eileider:n
tertialen	tertiaal:n
tertiaaltje	tertiaal:n
amalgaampje	amalgaam:n
dingwoorden	dingwoord:n
dingwoordje	dingwoord:n
decimaaltje	decimaal:n
decimale	decimaal:a
steriliseer	steriliseren:v
steriliseerde	steriliseren:v
steriliseert	steriliseren:v
steriliseerden	steriliseren:v
steriliserend	steriliseren:v
gesteriliseerd	steriliseren:v
knoesten	knoest:n
knoestje	knoest:n
knoestiger	knoestig:a
knoestigst	knoestig:a
knoestige	knoestig:a
knoestigere	knoestig:a
knoestigste	knoestig:a
weerd	waard:n|waard:a
galappels	galappel:n
galappelen	galappel:n
galappeltje	galappel:n
bruiloftsgasten	bruiloftsgast:n
presocratische	presocratisch:a
socratische	socratisch:a
huichelachtiger	huichelachtig:a
huichelachtigst	huichelachtig:a
huichelachtige	huichelachtig:a
huichelachtigere	huichelachtig:a
huichelachtigste	huichelachtig:a
zichtlijnen	zichtlijn:n
zichtlijntje	zichtlijn:n
inachtnemingen	inachtneming:n
inachtnamen	inachtname:n
inachtnames	inachtname:n
dovemannen	doveman:n
dovemannetje	doveman:n
nonton	nontonnen:v
nontonde	nontonnen:v
nontont	nontonnen:v
nontonden	nontonnen:v
nontonnend	nontonnen:v
genontond	nontonnen:v
prozaïscher	prozaïsch:a
prozaïscht	prozaïsch:a
prozaïsche	prozaïsch:a
prozaïschere	prozaïsch:a
prozaïschte	prozaïsch:a
navelstaarderiger	navelstaarderig:a
navelstaarderigst	navelstaarderig:a
navelstaarderige	navelstaarderig:a
navelstaarderigere	navelstaarderig:a
navelstaarderigste	navelstaarderig:a
navelstaarders	navelstaarder:n
navelstaardertje	navelstaarder:n
navelstaar	navelstaren:v
navelstaarde	navelstaren:v
navelstaart	navelstaren:v
navelstaarden	navelstaren:v
navelstarend	navelstaren:v
genavelstaard	navelstaren:v
vioolspelers	vioolspeler:n
vioolspelertje	vioolspeler:n
schuimbaden	schuimbad:n
schuimbadje	schuimbad:n
omdenk	omdenken:v
omdacht	omdenken:v
omdenkt	omdenken:v
omdachten	omdenken:v
omdenkend	omdenken:v
omgedacht	omdenken:v
personeelsuitjes	personeelsuitje:n
yogalessen	yogales:n
yogalesje	yogales:n
conjugaties	conjugatie:n
conjugatietje	conjugatie:n
eedbreuken	eedbreuk:n
eedbreukje	eedbreuk:n
inspiratiebronnen	inspiratiebron:n
tredmolens	tredmolen:n
tredmolentje	tredmolen:n
natuurwetenschappers	natuurwetenschapper:n
tijdmetingen	tijdmeting:n
dagritmen	dagritme:n
dagritmes	dagritme:n
tijdsindelingen	tijdsindeling:n
periodiseringen	periodisering:n
kloktijden	kloktijd:n
arbeidstijden	arbeidstijd:n
survivaltochten	survivaltocht:n
survivaltochtje	survivaltocht:n
doevakanties	doevakantie:n
tijdbesparender	tijdbesparend:a
tijdbesparendst	tijdbesparend:a
tijdbesparende	tijdbesparend:a
tijdbesparendere	tijdbesparend:a
tijdbesparendste	tijdbesparend:a
rusttoestanden	rusttoestand:n
vooropstel	vooropstellen:v
vooropstelde	vooropstellen:v
vooropstelt	vooropstellen:v
vooropstelden	vooropstellen:v
vooropstellend	vooropstellen:v
vooropgesteld	vooropstellen:v
opjaag	opjagen:v
opjoeg	opjagen:v
opjaagt	opjagen:v
opjoegen	opjagen:v
opjagend	opjagen:v
opgejaagd	opjagen:v
politiek-economischer	politiek-economisch:a
politiek-economischt	politiek-economisch:a
politiek-economische	politiek-economisch:a
politiek-economischere	politiek-economisch:a
politiek-economischte	politiek-economisch:a
onderzoekbureaus	onderzoekbureau:n
planbureaus	planbureau:n
schaapachtiger	schaapachtig:a
schaapachtigst	schaapachtig:a
schaapachtige	schaapachtig:a
schaapachtigere	schaapachtig:a
schaapachtigste	schaapachtig:a
buffer	bufferen:v
bufferde	bufferen:v
buffert	bufferen:v
bufferden	bufferen:v
bufferend	bufferen:v
gebufferd	bufferen:v
harlekijnkwartels	harlekijnkwartel:n
harlekijnkwarteltje	harlekijnkwartel:n
tijdbelevingen	tijdbeleving:n
verlies-en-winstrekeningen	verlies-en-winstrekening:n
tijdsdimensies	tijdsdimensie:n
koteletten	kotelet:n
koteletje	kotelet:n
slavinken	slavink:n
slavinkje	slavink:n
peristaltische	peristaltisch:a
pitch	pitchen:v
pitchte	pitchen:v
pitcht	pitchen:v
pitchten	pitchen:v
pitchend	pitchen:v
gepitcht	pitchen:v
pvc	polyvinylchloride:n
monstermeisjes	monstermeisje:n
prostitueer	prostitueren:v
prostitueerde	prostitueren:v
prostitueert	prostitueren:v
prostitueerden	prostitueren:v
prostituerend	prostitueren:v
geprostitueerd	prostitueren:v
doodnormale	doodnormaal:a
doodvermoeiende	doodvermoeiend:a
ritsel	ritselen:v
ritselde	ritselen:v
ritselt	ritselen:v
ritselden	ritselen:v
ritselend	ritselen:v
geritseld	ritselen:v
rodiger	rodig:a
rodigst	rodig:a
rodige	rodig:a
rodigere	rodig:a
rodigste	rodig:a
uitwassen	uitwas:n
uitwasje	uitwas:n
uitwas	uitwassen:v
uitwaste	uitwassen:v
uitwast	uitwassen:v
uitwasten	uitwassen:v
uitwassend	uitwassen:v
uitgewassen	uitwassen:v
uitwies	uitwassen:v
uitwiesen	uitwassen:v
zompiger	zompig:a
zompigst	zompig:a
zompige	zompig:a
zompigere	zompig:a
zompigste	zompig:a
klodders	klodder:n
kloddertje	klodder:n
klodder	klodderen:v
klodderde	klodderen:v
kloddert	klodderen:v
klodderden	klodderen:v
klodderend	klodderen:v
geklodderd	klodderen:v
meerij	meerijden:v
meerijd	meerijden:v
meereed	meerijden:v
meerijdt	meerijden:v
meereden	meerijden:v
meerijdend	meerijden:v
meegereden	meerijden:v
pleepapiertje	pleepapier:n
akkerdistels	akkerdistel:n
akkerdisteltje	akkerdistel:n
begijnen	begijn:n
begijntje	begijn:n
doenbaarder	doenbaar:a
doenbaarst	doenbaar:a
doenbaare	doenbaar:a
doenbaardere	doenbaar:a
doenbaarste	doenbaar:a
drogeer	drogeren:v
drogeerde	drogeren:v
drogeert	drogeren:v
drogeerden	drogeren:v
drogerend	drogeren:v
gedrogeerd	drogeren:v
vezelrijker	vezelrijk:a
vezelrijkst	vezelrijk:a
vezelrijke	vezelrijk:a
vezelrijkere	vezelrijk:a
vezelrijkste	vezelrijk:a
eiwitrijker	eiwitrijk:a
eiwitrijkst	eiwitrijk:a
eiwitrijke	eiwitrijk:a
eiwitrijkere	eiwitrijk:a
eiwitrijkste	eiwitrijk:a
erfpachten	erfpacht:n
onbeminde	onbemind:a
teekening	tekening:n
bodemvrijheden	bodemvrijheid:n
owrukuku	owroekoekoe:n
owroekoekoeslangen	owroekoekoeslang:n
yoghurtijsje	yoghurtijs:n
stretch	stretchen:v
stretchte	stretchen:v
stretcht	stretchen:v
stretchten	stretchen:v
stretchend	stretchen:v
gestretcht	stretchen:v
afdronken	afdronk:n
afdronkje	afdronk:n
omrand	omranden:v
omrandde	omranden:v
omrandt	omranden:v
omrandden	omranden:v
omrandend	omranden:v
omgord	omgorden:v
omgordde	omgorden:v
omgordt	omgorden:v
omgordden	omgorden:v
omgordend	omgorden:v
duimspijkers	duimspijker:n
duimspijkertje	duimspijker:n
alomvattender	alomvattend:a
alomvattendst	alomvattend:a
alomvattende	alomvattend:a
alomvattendere	alomvattend:a
alomvattendste	alomvattend:a
redigeer	redigeren:v
redigeerde	redigeren:v
redigeert	redigeren:v
redigeerden	redigeren:v
redigerend	redigeren:v
geredigeerd	redigeren:v
expressies	expressie:n
expressietje	expressie:n
expressiever	expressief:a
expressiefst	expressief:a
expressieve	expressief:a
expressievere	expressief:a
expressiefste	expressief:a
expressiviteiten	expressiviteit:n
roverheden	roverheid:n
extraordinairder	extraordinair:a
extraordinairst	extraordinair:a
extraordinaire	extraordinair:a
extraordinairdere	extraordinair:a
extraordinairste	extraordinair:a
raveteven	raveteef:n
raveteefje	raveteef:n
jubileumfeesten	jubileumfeest:n
jubileumfeestje	jubileumfeest:n
schoolboeken	schoolboek:n
schoolboekje	schoolboek:n
noordkanten	noordkant:n
zuidkanten	zuidkant:n
biomedischer	biomedisch:a
biomedischt	biomedisch:a
biomedische	biomedisch:a
biomedischere	biomedisch:a
biomedischte	biomedisch:a
bezemde	bezemen:v
bezemt	bezemen:v
bezemden	bezemen:v
bezemend	bezemen:v
gebezemd	bezemen:v
doorsla	doorslaan:v
doorsloeg	doorslaan:v
doorslaat	doorslaan:v
doorsloegen	doorslaan:v
doorslaand	doorslaan:v
doorgeslagen	doorslaan:v
bommoeders	bommoeder:n
bommoedertje	bommoeder:n
buigbaarder	buigbaar:a
buigbaarst	buigbaar:a
buigbare	buigbaar:a
buigbaardere	buigbaar:a
buigbaarste	buigbaar:a
coniferen	conifeer:n
conifeertje	conifeer:n
cryptischer	cryptisch:a
cryptischt	cryptisch:a
cryptische	cryptisch:a
cryptischere	cryptisch:a
cryptischte	cryptisch:a
diademen	diadeem:n
diadeempje	diadeem:n
owroekoekoe	owroekoekoeslang:n
owroekoekoe's	owroekoekoe:n
aanhaak	aanhaken:v
aanhaakte	aanhaken:v
aanhaakt	aanhaken:v
aanhaakten	aanhaken:v
aanhakend	aanhaken:v
aangehaakt	aanhaken:v
studieboeken	studieboek:n
studieboekje	studieboek:n
tekstboeken	tekstboek:n
tekstboekje	tekstboek:n
fitnessapparaten	fitnessapparaat:n
lichtrozen	lichtroze:n
proefdieronderzoeken	proefdieronderzoek:n
oprotpremies	oprotpremie:n
oprotpremietje	oprotpremie:n
speciaals	speciaal:a
vergunninghouders	vergunninghouder:n
signaalfuncties	signaalfunctie:n
zelfregulaties	zelfregulatie:n
hooggespannener	hooggespannen:a
hooggespannenst	hooggespannen:a
hooggespannenste	hooggespannen:a
proefdiervrijer	proefdiervrij:a
proefdiervrijst	proefdiervrij:a
proefdiervrije	proefdiervrij:a
proefdiervrijere	proefdiervrij:a
proefdiervrijste	proefdiervrij:a
plandemieën	plandemie:n
plandemies	plandemie:n
condensaties	condensatie:n
freesde	frezen:v
freest	frezen:v
freesden	frezen:v
frezend	frezen:v
gefreesd	frezen:v
hiaten	hiaat:n
hiaatje	hiaat:n
herkenbaarheden	herkenbaarheid:n
herkenbaarheidje	herkenbaarheid:n
knikker	knikkeren:v
knikkerde	knikkeren:v
knikkert	knikkeren:v
knikkerden	knikkeren:v
knikkerend	knikkeren:v
geknikkerd	knikkeren:v
luifels	luifel:n
luifeltje	luifel:n
ondergewichten	ondergewicht:n
ondergewichtje	ondergewicht:n
vierkwartsmaten	vierkwartsmaat:n
vierkwartsmaatje	vierkwartsmaat:n
tweekwartsmaten	tweekwartsmaat:n
tweekwartsmaatje	tweekwartsmaat:n
driekwartsmaten	driekwartsmaat:n
driekwartsmaatje	driekwartsmaat:n
aansta	aanstaan:v
aanstond	aanstaan:v
aanstaat	aanstaan:v
aanstonden	aanstaan:v
aanstaand	aanstaan:v
aangestaan	aanstaan:v
aansnij	aansnijden:v
aansnijd	aansnijden:v
aansneed	aansnijden:v
aansnijdt	aansnijden:v
aansneden	aansnijden:v
aansnijdend	aansnijden:v
aangesneden	aansnijden:v
Haagser	Haags:a
Haagst	Haags:a
Haagse	Haags:a
Haagsere	Haags:a
Haagste	Haags:a
Haagsen	Haagse:n
weerga's	weerga:n
weergaatje	weerga:n
weergadetje	weerga:n
blocnotes	blocnote:n
blocnotetje	blocnote:n
terugwerkende	terugwerkend:a
dolhuys	dolhuis:n
lunchtijden	lunchtijd:n
eenvoudigs	eenvoudig:a
afzijdiger	afzijdig:a
afzijdigst	afzijdig:a
afzijdige	afzijdig:a
afzijdigere	afzijdig:a
afzijdigste	afzijdig:a
akeligheden	akeligheid:n
akeligheidje	akeligheid:n
disproportioneler	disproportioneel:a
disproportioneelst	disproportioneel:a
disproportionele	disproportioneel:a
disproportionelere	disproportioneel:a
disproportioneelste	disproportioneel:a
rondleid	rondleiden:v
rondleidde	rondleiden:v
rondleidt	rondleiden:v
rondleidden	rondleiden:v
rondleidend	rondleiden:v
rondgeleid	rondleiden:v
gitzwarter	gitzwart:a
gitzwartst	gitzwart:a
gitzwarte	gitzwart:a
gitzwartere	gitzwart:a
gitzwartste	gitzwart:a
gagaten	gagaat:n
gagaatje	gagaat:n
bewijsbaarder	bewijsbaar:a
bewijsbaarst	bewijsbaar:a
bewijsbaare	bewijsbaar:a
bewijsbaardere	bewijsbaar:a
bewijsbaarste	bewijsbaar:a
onbewijsbaarder	onbewijsbaar:a
onbewijsbaarst	onbewijsbaar:a
onbewijsbaare	onbewijsbaar:a
onbewijsbaardere	onbewijsbaar:a
onbewijsbaarste	onbewijsbaar:a
onaantoonbaarder	onaantoonbaar:a
onaantoonbaarst	onaantoonbaar:a
onaantoonbaare	onaantoonbaar:a
onaantoonbaardere	onaantoonbaar:a
onaantoonbaarste	onaantoonbaar:a
meerderheidsregeringen	meerderheidsregering:n
meerderheidsregerinkje	meerderheidsregering:n
appartementsgebouwen	appartementsgebouw:n
appartementsgebouwtje	appartementsgebouw:n
muiltjes	muiltje:n
script	scripten:v
scriptte	scripten:v
scriptten	scripten:v
scriptend	scripten:v
gescript	scripten:v
claxonneer	claxonneren:v
claxonneerde	claxonneren:v
claxonneert	claxonneren:v
claxonneerden	claxonneren:v
claxonnerend	claxonneren:v
geclaxonneerd	claxonneren:v
back-up	back-uppen:v
back-upte	back-uppen:v
back-upt	back-uppen:v
back-upten	back-uppen:v
back-uppend	back-uppen:v
geback-upt	back-uppen:v
schoolwerken	schoolwerk:n
schoolwerkje	schoolwerk:n
contactgestoorder	contactgestoord:a
contactgestoordst	contactgestoord:a
contactgestoorde	contactgestoord:a
contactgestoordere	contactgestoord:a
contactgestoordste	contactgestoord:a
meevoel	meevoelen:v
meevoelde	meevoelen:v
meevoelt	meevoelen:v
meevoelden	meevoelen:v
meevoelend	meevoelen:v
meegevoeld	meevoelen:v
begrijpbaarder	begrijpbaar:a
begrijpbaarst	begrijpbaar:a
begrijpbare	begrijpbaar:a
begrijpbaardere	begrijpbaar:a
begrijpbaarste	begrijpbaar:a
tv-programma's	tv-programma:n
tv-programmaatje	tv-programma:n
uitwis	uitwissen:v
uitwiste	uitwissen:v
uitwist	uitwissen:v
uitwisten	uitwissen:v
uitwissend	uitwissen:v
uitgewist	uitwissen:v
uitwisbaarder	uitwisbaar:a
uitwisbaarst	uitwisbaar:a
uitwisbaare	uitwisbaar:a
uitwisbaardere	uitwisbaar:a
uitwisbaarste	uitwisbaar:a
diminutieven	diminutief:n
diminutiefje	diminutief:n
diminutieve	diminutief:a
dodendansen	dodendans:n
dodendansje	dodendans:n
gloeihete	gloeiheet:a
erfdelen	erfdeel:n
erfdeeltje	erfdeel:n
grietmannen	grietman:n
grietmannetje	grietman:n
verveen	vervenen:v
verveende	vervenen:v
verveent	vervenen:v
verveenden	vervenen:v
vervenend	vervenen:v
verveend	vervenen:v
verveningen	vervening:n
veenders	veender:n
veendertje	veender:n
veenderijen	veenderij:n
veenderijtje	veenderij:n
verveningspolders	verveningspolder:n
verveningspoldertje	verveningspolder:n
nateken	natekenen:v
natekende	natekenen:v
natekent	natekenen:v
natekenden	natekenen:v
natekenend	natekenen:v
nagetekend	natekenen:v
loopen	lopen:v
Antillianen	Antilliaan:n
Antilliaantje	Antilliaan:n
Oostenrijkser	Oostenrijks:a
Oostenrijkst	Oostenrijks:a
Oostenrijkse	Oostenrijks:a
Oostenrijksere	Oostenrijks:a
Oostenrijkste	Oostenrijks:a
etsers	etser:n
etsertje	etser:n
vorstgrenzen	vorstgrens:n
koevogels	koevogel:n
koevogeltje	koevogel:n
nachtpauwogen	nachtpauwoog:n
nachtpauwoogje	nachtpauwoog:n
veramerikaans	veramerikaansen:v
veramerikaanste	veramerikaansen:v
veramerikaanst	veramerikaansen:v
veramerikaansten	veramerikaansen:v
veramerikaansend	veramerikaansen:v
verduits	verduitsen:v
verduitste	verduitsen:v
verduitst	verduitsen:v
verduitsten	verduitsen:v
verduitsend	verduitsen:v
verspaans	verspaansen:v
verspaanste	verspaansen:v
verspaanst	verspaansen:v
verspaansten	verspaansen:v
verspaansend	verspaansen:v
verpools	verpoolsen:v
verpoolste	verpoolsen:v
verpoolst	verpoolsen:v
verpoolsten	verpoolsen:v
verpoolsend	verpoolsen:v
verdeens	verdeensen:v
verdeenste	verdeensen:v
verdeenst	verdeensen:v
verdeensten	verdeensen:v
verdeensend	verdeensen:v
vernoors	vernoorsen:v
vernoorste	vernoorsen:v
vernoorst	vernoorsen:v
vernoorsten	vernoorsen:v
vernoorsend	vernoorsen:v
verzweeds	verzweedsen:v
verzweedste	verzweedsen:v
verzweedst	verzweedsen:v
verzweedsten	verzweedsen:v
verzweedsend	verzweedsen:v
verhollands	verhollandsen:v
verhollandste	verhollandsen:v
verhollandst	verhollandsen:v
verhollandsten	verhollandsen:v
verhollandsend	verhollandsen:v
onhollandser	onhollands:a
onhollandst	onhollands:a
onhollandse	onhollands:a
onhollandsere	onhollands:a
onhollandste	onhollands:a
aggregaties	aggregatie:n
aggregatietje	aggregatie:n
aggregeer	aggregeren:v
aggregeerde	aggregeren:v
aggregeert	aggregeren:v
aggregeerden	aggregeren:v
aggregerend	aggregeren:v
geaggregeerd	aggregeren:v
invoegstroken	invoegstrook:n
invoegstrookje	invoegstrook:n
weefsters	weefster:n
weefstertje	weefster:n
mapangpangs	mapangpang:n
Veerser	Veers:a
Veerst	Veers:a
Veerse	Veers:a
Veersere	Veers:a
Veerste	Veers:a
Veersch	Veers:a
onderbenen	onderbeen:n
onderbeentje	onderbeen:n
bovenbenen	bovenbeen:n
bovenbeentje	bovenbeen:n
onderkots	onderkotsen:v
onderkotste	onderkotsen:v
onderkotst	onderkotsen:v
onderkotsten	onderkotsen:v
onderkotsend	onderkotsen:v
ondergekotst	onderkotsen:v
onderplas	onderplassen:v
onderplaste	onderplassen:v
onderplast	onderplassen:v
onderplasten	onderplassen:v
onderplassend	onderplassen:v
ondergeplast	onderplassen:v
onderpis	onderpissen:v
onderpiste	onderpissen:v
onderpist	onderpissen:v
onderpisten	onderpissen:v
onderpissend	onderpissen:v
ondergepist	onderpissen:v
onderschijt	onderschijten:v
onderscheet	onderschijten:v
onderscheten	onderschijten:v
onderschijtend	onderschijten:v
ondergescheten	onderschijten:v
onderkak	onderkakken:v
onderkakte	onderkakken:v
onderkakt	onderkakken:v
onderkakten	onderkakken:v
onderkakkend	onderkakken:v
ondergekakt	onderkakken:v
onderpoep	onderpoepen:v
onderpoepte	onderpoepen:v
onderpoept	onderpoepen:v
onderpoepten	onderpoepen:v
onderpoepend	onderpoepen:v
ondergepoept	onderpoepen:v
onderspuit	onderspuiten:v
onderspoot	onderspuiten:v
onderspoten	onderspuiten:v
onderspuitend	onderspuiten:v
ondergespoten	onderspuiten:v
onderbind	onderbinden:v
onderbond	onderbinden:v
onderbindt	onderbinden:v
onderbonden	onderbinden:v
onderbindend	onderbinden:v
ondergebonden	onderbinden:v
discuswerpers	discuswerper:n
discuswerpertje	discuswerper:n
bepoeder	bepoederen:v
bepoederde	bepoederen:v
bepoedert	bepoederen:v
bepoederden	bepoederen:v
bepoederend	bepoederen:v
bepoederd	bepoederen:v
ontsporingen	ontsporing:n
ontsporinkje	ontsporing:n
zelfverwondingen	zelfverwonding:n
zelfverwondinkje	zelfverwonding:n
stressstoornissen	stressstoornis:n
stressstoornisje	stressstoornis:n
leefomgevingen	leefomgeving:n
leefomgevinkje	leefomgeving:n
induw	induwen:v
induwde	induwen:v
induwt	induwen:v
induwden	induwen:v
induwend	induwen:v
ingeduwd	induwen:v
goochelshows	goochelshow:n
rugproblemen	rugprobleem:n
rugprobleempje	rugprobleem:n
predaties	predatie:n
predatietje	predatie:n
kakstoelen	kakstoel:n
kakstoeltje	kakstoel:n
noodkreten	noodkreet:n
noodkreetje	noodkreet:n
tyfuslijders	tyfuslijder:n
tyfuslijdertje	tyfuslijder:n
binnenvetters	binnenvetter:n
binnenvettertje	binnenvetter:n
edelstalen	edelstaal:n
edelstaaltje	edelstaal:n
heropvoedingskampen	heropvoedingskamp:n
heropvoedingskampje	heropvoedingskamp:n
heropvoedingen	heropvoeding:n
heropvoedinkje	heropvoeding:n
dichtnaai	dichtnaaien:v
dichtnaaide	dichtnaaien:v
dichtnaait	dichtnaaien:v
dichtnaaiden	dichtnaaien:v
dichtnaaiend	dichtnaaien:v
dichtgenaaid	dichtnaaien:v
bijschol	bijscholen:v
bijscholde	bijscholen:v
bijscholt	bijscholen:v
bijscholden	bijscholen:v
bijscholend	bijscholen:v
bijgeschold	bijscholen:v
orthoklazen	orthoklaas:n
zelfdodingen	zelfdoding:n
zelfdodinkje	zelfdoding:n
politioneler	politioneel:a
politioneelst	politioneel:a
politionele	politioneel:a
politionelere	politioneel:a
politioneelste	politioneel:a
incapabeler	incapabel:a
incapabelst	incapabel:a
incapabele	incapabel:a
incapabelere	incapabel:a
incapabelste	incapabel:a
afgiften	afgifte:n
afgiftes	afgifte:n
zijwanden	zijwand:n
zijwandje	zijwand:n
landerijen	landerij:n
landerijtje	landerij:n
zweetluchten	zweetlucht:n
zweetluchtje	zweetlucht:n
mankrachten	mankracht:n
vernederlandsingen	vernederlandsing:n
afbrokkelingen	afbrokkeling:n
wervingen	werving:n
babydieren	babydier:n
Montenegrijnen	Montenegrijn:n
Montenegrijntje	Montenegrijn:n
supergoeder	supergoed:a
supergoedst	supergoed:a
supergoede	supergoed:a
supergoedere	supergoed:a
supergoedste	supergoed:a
tweeledige	tweeledig:a
juicekanalen	juicekanaal:n
karaktereigenschappen	karaktereigenschap:n
waarborgsommen	waarborgsom:n
tropenroosters	tropenrooster:n
tropenroostertje	tropenrooster:n
uitkaffer	uitkafferen:v
uitkafferde	uitkafferen:v
uitkaffert	uitkafferen:v
uitkafferden	uitkafferen:v
uitkafferend	uitkafferen:v
uitgekafferd	uitkafferen:v
kaffer	kafferen:v
kafferde	kafferen:v
kaffert	kafferen:v
kafferden	kafferen:v
kafferend	kafferen:v
gekafferd	kafferen:v
afkaffer	afkafferen:v
afkafferde	afkafferen:v
afkaffert	afkafferen:v
afkafferden	afkafferen:v
afkafferend	afkafferen:v
afgekafferd	afkafferen:v
petrolblauwer	petrolblauw:a
petrolblauwst	petrolblauw:a
petrolblauwe	petrolblauw:a
petrolblauwere	petrolblauw:a
petrolblauwste	petrolblauw:a
mysterieromans	mysterieroman:n
Heraclieden	Heraclied:n
Heracliedje	Heraclied:n
aandrijvingen	aandrijving:n
aandrijvinkje	aandrijving:n
fruitbomen	fruitboom:n
fruitboompje	fruitboom:n
dodingen	doding:n
dodinkje	doding:n
coproducties	coproductie:n
coproductietje	coproductie:n
braakliggende	braakliggend:a
binnenlaat	binnenlaten:v
binnenliet	binnenlaten:v
binnenlieten	binnenlaten:v
binnenlatend	binnenlaten:v
binnengelaten	binnenlaten:v
beroepsgeheimen	beroepsgeheim:n
beroepsgeheimpje	beroepsgeheim:n
benoemingen	benoeming:n
benoeminkje	benoeming:n
beestachtiger	beestachtig:a
beestachtigst	beestachtig:a
beestachtige	beestachtig:a
beestachtigere	beestachtig:a
beestachtigste	beestachtig:a
belastingvrije	belastingvrij:a
autocratischer	autocratisch:a
autocratischt	autocratisch:a
autocratische	autocratisch:a
autocratischere	autocratisch:a
autocratischte	autocratisch:a
volkspartijen	volkspartij:n
volkspartijtje	volkspartij:n
onhaalbaarder	onhaalbaar:a
onhaalbaarst	onhaalbaar:a
onhaalbare	onhaalbaar:a
onhaalbaardere	onhaalbaar:a
onhaalbaarste	onhaalbaar:a
buitensporigheden	buitensporigheid:n
transmissies	transmissie:n
transmissietje	transmissie:n
intuin	intuinen:v
intuinde	intuinen:v
intuint	intuinen:v
intuinden	intuinen:v
intuinend	intuinen:v
ingetuind	intuinen:v
intuinzinnen	intuinzin:n
intuinzinnetje	intuinzin:n
geanimeerder	geanimeerd:a
geanimeerdst	geanimeerd:a
geanimeerde	geanimeerd:a
geanimeerdere	geanimeerd:a
geanimeerdste	geanimeerd:a
marathonlopers	marathonloper:n
marathonlopertje	marathonloper:n
medebewoners	medebewoner:n
productielijnen	productielijn:n
aanbeveelbaarder	aanbeveelbaar:a
aanbeveelbaarst	aanbeveelbaar:a
aanbeveelbare	aanbeveelbaar:a
aanbeveelbaardere	aanbeveelbaar:a
aanbeveelbaarste	aanbeveelbaar:a
aanbidbaarder	aanbidbaar:a
aanbidbaarst	aanbidbaar:a
aanbidbare	aanbidbaar:a
aanbidbaardere	aanbidbaar:a
aanbidbaarste	aanbidbaar:a
aanbiedbaarder	aanbiedbaar:a
aanbiedbaarst	aanbiedbaar:a
aanbiedbare	aanbiedbaar:a
aanbiedbaardere	aanbiedbaar:a
aanbiedbaarste	aanbiedbaar:a
aanbouwbaarder	aanbouwbaar:a
aanbouwbaarst	aanbouwbaar:a
aanbouwbare	aanbouwbaar:a
aanbouwbaardere	aanbouwbaar:a
aanbouwbaarste	aanbouwbaar:a
aanduidbaarder	aanduidbaar:a
aanduidbaarst	aanduidbaar:a
aanduidbare	aanduidbaar:a
aanduidbaardere	aanduidbaar:a
aanduidbaarste	aanduidbaar:a
tyfuslijers	tyfuslijer:n
tyfuslijertje	tyfuslijer:n
aangrijpbaarder	aangrijpbaar:a
aangrijpbaarst	aangrijpbaar:a
aangrijpbare	aangrijpbaar:a
aangrijpbaardere	aangrijpbaar:a
aangrijpbaarste	aangrijpbaar:a
aanhangbaarder	aanhangbaar:a
aanhangbaarst	aanhangbaar:a
aanhangbare	aanhangbaar:a
aanhangbaardere	aanhangbaar:a
aanhangbaarste	aanhangbaar:a
zijlen	zijl:n
boterachtiger	boterachtig:a
boterachtigst	boterachtig:a
boterachtige	boterachtig:a
boterachtigere	boterachtig:a
boterachtigste	boterachtig:a
vredevoler	vredevol:a
vredevolst	vredevol:a
vredevoller	vredevol:a
vredevolle	vredevol:a
vredevollere	vredevol:a
vredevolste	vredevol:a
verkaas	verkazen:v
verkaasde	verkazen:v
verkaast	verkazen:v
verkaasden	verkazen:v
verkazend	verkazen:v
verkaasd	verkazen:v
opschrok	opschrokken:v
opschrokte	opschrokken:v
opschrokt	opschrokken:v
opschrokten	opschrokken:v
opschrokkend	opschrokken:v
opgeschrokt	opschrokken:v
schrokoppen	schrokop:n
schrokopje	schrokop:n
heethoofden	heethoofd:n
heethoofdje	heethoofd:n
nekrose	necrose:n
regenboogforellen	regenboogforel:n
regenboogforelletje	regenboogforel:n
onderdanigs	onderdanig:a
voetbalteams	voetbalteam:n
vermengingen	vermenging:n
zwartgrijser	zwartgrijs:a
zwartgrijst	zwartgrijs:a
zwartgrijse	zwartgrijs:a
zwartgrijsere	zwartgrijs:a
zwartgrijste	zwartgrijs:a
roestbruiner	roestbruin:a
roestbruinst	roestbruin:a
roestbruine	roestbruin:a
roestbruinere	roestbruin:a
roestbruinste	roestbruin:a
broodmachines	broodmachine:n
koffiemachines	koffiemachine:n
hersengebieden	hersengebied:n
hersengebiedje	hersengebied:n
daaropvolgende	daaropvolgend:a
steenrooder	steenrood:a
steenroodst	steenrood:a
steenroode	steenrood:a
steenroodere	steenrood:a
steenroodste	steenrood:a
steenroden	steenrood:n
neurowetenschappers	neurowetenschapper:n
linkshandigen	linkshandige:n
creatievelingen	creatieveling:n
creatievelingetje	creatieveling:n
geslachtsteleurstellingen	geslachtsteleurstelling:n
geslachtsteleurstellinkje	geslachtsteleurstelling:n
rechtshandigen	rechtshandige:n
dekaan	decaan:n
Kaapverdiaanse	Kaapverdiaans:a
wreedaards	wreedaard:n
wreedaardje	wreedaard:n
veraard	veraarden:v
veraardde	veraarden:v
veraardt	veraarden:v
veraardden	veraarden:v
veraardend	veraarden:v
kweeën	kwee:n
kweetje	kwee:n
ongekookter	ongekookt:a
ongekooktst	ongekookt:a
ongekookte	ongekookt:a
ongekooktere	ongekookt:a
ongekooktste	ongekookt:a
vormgeef	vormgeven:v
vormgaf	vormgeven:v
vormgeeft	vormgeven:v
vormgaven	vormgeven:v
vormgevend	vormgeven:v
vormgegeven	vormgeven:v
kruimen	kruim:n
kruimpje	kruim:n
significanties	significantie:n
loketbedienden	loketbediende:n
loketbediendes	loketbediende:n
rationaler	rationaal:a
rationaalst	rationaal:a
rationale	rationaal:a
rationalere	rationaal:a
rationaalste	rationaal:a
stelp	stelpen:v
stelpte	stelpen:v
stelpt	stelpen:v
stelpten	stelpen:v
stelpend	stelpen:v
gestelpt	stelpen:v
schuldenremmen	schuldenrem:n
schuldenremmetje	schuldenrem:n
hellingproeven	hellingproef:n
hellingproefje	hellingproef:n
speelgoedauto's	speelgoedauto:n
speelgoedautootje	speelgoedauto:n
perzikpitten	perzikpit:n
perzikpitje	perzikpit:n
tafelgenoten	tafelgenoot:n
tafelgenootje	tafelgenoot:n
omverschop	omverschoppen:v
omverschopte	omverschoppen:v
omverschopt	omverschoppen:v
omverschopten	omverschoppen:v
omverschoppend	omverschoppen:v
omvergeschopt	omverschoppen:v
stageplaatsen	stageplaats:n
harpij-arenden	harpij-arend:n
harpij-arendje	harpij-arend:n
dwijn	dwijnen:v
dween	dwijnen:v
dwijnt	dwijnen:v
dwenen	dwijnen:v
dwijnend	dwijnen:v
gedwenen	dwijnen:v
hyperactieve	hyperactief:a
hyperactiefst	hyperactief:a
hyperactiever	hyperactief:a
hyperactievere	hyperactief:a
hyperactiefste	hyperactief:a
onbetamelijker	onbetamelijk:a
onbetamelijkst	onbetamelijk:a
onbetamelijke	onbetamelijk:a
onbetamelijkere	onbetamelijk:a
onbetamelijkste	onbetamelijk:a
verdorvener	verdorven:a
verdorvenst	verdorven:a
verdorvenste	verdorven:a
Sloveensen	Sloveense:n
evenvele	evenveel:t|evenveel:r
evenzovele	evenzoveel:t|evenzoveel:r
evenveeltjes	evenveeltje:n
Oostenrijksen	Oostenrijkse:n
dunschillers	dunschiller:n
dunschillertje	dunschiller:n
slijpstenen	slijpsteen:n
slijpsteentje	slijpsteen:n
lieer	liëren:v
lieerde	liëren:v
lieert	liëren:v
lieerden	liëren:v
liërend	liëren:v
gelieerd	liëren:v
allieer	alliëren:v
allieerde	alliëren:v
allieert	alliëren:v
allieerden	alliëren:v
alliërend	alliëren:v
geallieerd	alliëren:v
asymmetrieën	asymmetrie:n
asymmetrietje	asymmetrie:n
filmkanalen	filmkanaal:n
achterhoeken	achterhoek:n
achterhoekje	achterhoek:n
bakfietsvaders	bakfietsvader:n
bakfietsvadertje	bakfietsvader:n
bakfietsouders	bakfietsouder:n
bakfietsoudertje	bakfietsouder:n
boogminuten	boogminuut:n
boogminuutje	boogminuut:n
boogseconden	boogseconde:n
boogsecondetje	boogseconde:n
dweep	dwepen:v
dweepte	dwepen:v
dweept	dwepen:v
dweepten	dwepen:v
dwepend	dwepen:v
gedweept	dwepen:v
navragen	navraag:n
justitiële	justitieel:a
doodlach	doodlachen:v
doodlachte	doodlachen:v
doodlacht	doodlachen:v
doodlachten	doodlachen:v
doodlachend	doodlachen:v
doodgelacht	doodlachen:v
kapotlach	kapotlachen:v
kapotlachte	kapotlachen:v
kapotlacht	kapotlachen:v
kapotlachten	kapotlachen:v
kapotlachend	kapotlachen:v
kapotgelacht	kapotlachen:v
bekleefde	bekleven:v
bekleeft	bekleven:v
bekleefden	bekleven:v
beklevend	bekleven:v
bekleefd	bekleven:v
kruisverhoren	kruisverhoor:n
kruisverhoortje	kruisverhoor:n
koningskaarsen	koningskaars:n
koningskaarsje	koningskaars:n
airfry	airfryen:v
airfryde	airfryen:v
airfryt	airfryen:v
airfryden	airfryen:v
airfryend	airfryen:v
geairfryd	airfryen:v
antigiffen	antigif:n
antigifje	antigif:n
moordstroken	moordstrook:n
moordstrookje	moordstrook:n
beraadzamer	beraadzaam:a
beraadzaamst	beraadzaam:a
beraadzame	beraadzaam:a
beraadzamere	beraadzaam:a
beraadzaamste	beraadzaam:a
adonische	adonisch:a
adoniscomplexen	adoniscomplex:n
adoniscomplexje	adoniscomplex:n
adoniseer	adoniseren:v
adoniseerde	adoniseren:v
adoniseert	adoniseren:v
adoniseerden	adoniseren:v
adoniserend	adoniseren:v
geadoniseerd	adoniseren:v
okshoofden	okshoofd:n
okshoofdje	okshoofd:n
gemaskerde	gemaskerd:a
skimaskers	skimasker:n
skimaskertje	skimasker:n
opmerkzamer	opmerkzaam:a
opmerkzaamst	opmerkzaam:a
opmerkzame	opmerkzaam:a
opmerkzamere	opmerkzaam:a
opmerkzaamste	opmerkzaam:a
pelorische	pelorisch:a
rondslenter	rondslenteren:v
rondslenterde	rondslenteren:v
rondslentert	rondslenteren:v
rondslenterden	rondslenteren:v
rondslenterend	rondslenteren:v
rondgeslenterd	rondslenteren:v
examencijfers	examencijfer:n
ruziemaak	ruziemaken:v
ruziemaakte	ruziemaken:v
ruziemaakt	ruziemaken:v
ruziemaakten	ruziemaken:v
ruziemakend	ruziemaken:v
ruziegemaakt	ruziemaken:v
onbeveiligder	onbeveiligd:a
onbeveiligdst	onbeveiligd:a
onbeveiligde	onbeveiligd:a
onbeveiligdere	onbeveiligd:a
onbeveiligdste	onbeveiligd:a
computeringenieurs	computeringenieur:n
juwelierszaken	juwelierszaak:n
juwelierszaakje	juwelierszaak:n
broodjeszaken	broodjeszaak:n
wereldreizen	wereldreis:n
wereldreisje	wereldreis:n
wiskundeknobbels	wiskundeknobbel:n
wiskundeknobbeltje	wiskundeknobbel:n
criminologen	criminoloog:n
zwakbegaafder	zwakbegaafd:a
zwakbegaafdst	zwakbegaafd:a
zwakbegaafde	zwakbegaafd:a
zwakbegaafdere	zwakbegaafd:a
zwakbegaafdste	zwakbegaafd:a
typeringen	typering:n
bankrovers	bankrover:n
meetmethodes	meetmethode:n
meetmethoden	meetmethode:n
drugsverkopen	drugsverkoop:n
onenightstands	onenightstand:n
intelligentieniveaus	intelligentieniveau:n
intelligentieniveautje	intelligentieniveau:n
IQ-scores	IQ-score:n
ongezonde	ongezond:a
kien	kienen:v
kiende	kienen:v
kient	kienen:v
kienden	kienen:v
kienend	kienen:v
gekiend	kienen:v
kienspellen	kienspel:n
kienspelletje	kienspel:n
uitkien	uitkienen:v
uitkiende	uitkienen:v
uitkient	uitkienen:v
uitkienden	uitkienen:v
uitkienend	uitkienen:v
uitgekiend	uitkienen:v
lemmatiseer	lemmatiseren:v
lemmatiseerde	lemmatiseren:v
lemmatiseert	lemmatiseren:v
lemmatiseerden	lemmatiseren:v
lemmatiserend	lemmatiseren:v
gelemmatiseerd	lemmatiseren:v
touter	touteren:v
touterde	touteren:v
toutert	touteren:v
touterden	touteren:v
touterend	touteren:v
getouterd	touteren:v
chocoladetaarten	chocoladetaart:n
chocoladetaartje	chocoladetaart:n
afvalophalingen	afvalophaling:n
afvalophalinkje	afvalophaling:n
opfuck	opfucken:v
opfuckte	opfucken:v
opfuckt	opfucken:v
opfuckten	opfucken:v
opfuckend	opfucken:v
opgefuckt	opfucken:v
ophalingen	ophaling:n
ophalinkje	ophaling:n
oorijzers	oorijzer:n
oorijzertje	oorijzer:n
statiegeldblikken	statiegeldblik:n
statiegeldblikje	statiegeldblik:n
uitschud	uitschudden:v
uitschudde	uitschudden:v
uitschudt	uitschudden:v
uitschuddend	uitschudden:v
uitgeschud	uitschudden:v
souterliederen	souterlied:n
souterliedje	souterlied:n
souterliedeken	souterlied:n
gezondheidsproblemen	gezondheidsprobleem:n
gezondheidsprobleempje	gezondheidsprobleem:n
picknicktafels	picknicktafel:n
picknicktafeltje	picknicktafel:n
ingesteldheiden	ingesteldheid:n
ingesteldheidje	ingesteldheid:n
vertolkers	vertolker:n
vertolkertje	vertolker:n
verderafgelegen	verafgelegen:a
verstafgelegen	verafgelegen:a
politiekapiteins	politiekapitein:n
politiekapiteintje	politiekapitein:n
luchtsprongen	luchtsprong:n
luchtsprongetje	luchtsprong:n
lachkicks	lachkick:n
stortkokers	stortkoker:n
stortkokertje	stortkoker:n
medicijnkasten	medicijnkast:n
medicijnkastje	medicijnkast:n
snaters	snater:n
snatertje	snater:n
hydrogeneer	hydrogeneren:v
hydrogeneerde	hydrogeneren:v
hydrogeneert	hydrogeneren:v
hydrogeneerden	hydrogeneren:v
hydrogenerend	hydrogeneren:v
gehydrogeneerd	hydrogeneren:v
schutteriger	schutterig:a
schutterigst	schutterig:a
schutterige	schutterig:a
schutterigere	schutterig:a
schutterigste	schutterig:a
grenswisselkantoren	grenswisselkantoor:n
grenswisselkantoortje	grenswisselkantoor:n
wederoptredens	wederoptreden:n
toegangsprijzen	toegangsprijs:n
veiligheidsredenen	veiligheidsreden:n
baanvastheiden	baanvastheid:n
baanvastheidje	baanvastheid:n
ongelijkvloerse	ongelijkvloers:a
wederbeleggingen	wederbelegging:n
wederbelegginkje	wederbelegging:n
veelmannerijen	veelmannerij:n
roodvonken	roodvonk:n
heelderder	heelder:a
heelderst	heelder:a
heeldere	heelder:a
burgerzonen	burgerzoon:n
burgerzoontje	burgerzoon:n
burgerjongens	burgerjongen:n
burgerjongetje	burgerjongen:n
burgerdochters	burgerdochter:n
burgerdochtertje	burgerdochter:n
slodders	slodder:n
sloddertje	slodder:n
slodder	slodderen:v
adresseer	adresseren:v
adresseerde	adresseren:v
adresseert	adresseren:v
adresseerden	adresseren:v
adresserend	adresseren:v
geadresseerd	adresseren:v
geadresseerde	geadresseerd:a
geadresseerden	geadresseerde:n
attendeer	attenderen:v
attendeerde	attenderen:v
attendeert	attenderen:v
attendeerden	attenderen:v
attenderend	attenderen:v
geattendeerd	attenderen:v
audiobestanden	audiobestand:n
audiobestandje	audiobestand:n
tekstbestanden	tekstbestand:n
tekstbestandje	tekstbestand:n
videobestanden	videobestand:n
videobestandje	videobestand:n
begrijpelijkheden	begrijpelijkheid:n
begrijpelijkheidje	begrijpelijkheid:n
begrijpelijkerwijze	begrijpelijkerwijs:d
ongeadresseerde	ongeadresseerd:a
bestandstypes	bestandstype:n
bestandstypen	bestandstype:n
bestandsnamen	bestandsnaam:n
bestandsnaampje	bestandsnaam:n
branderiger	branderig:a
branderigst	branderig:a
branderige	branderig:a
branderigere	branderig:a
branderigste	branderig:a
zomertijden	zomertijd:n
wintertijden	wintertijd:n
lentetijden	lentetijd:n
kasteelmuren	kasteelmuur:n
muziekfestivals	muziekfestival:n
muziekfestivalletje	muziekfestival:n
hijgers	hijger:n
hijgertje	hijger:n
wederhoren	wederhoor:n
wederhoortje	wederhoor:n
wederhoor	wederhoren:v
wederhoorde	wederhoren:v
wederhoort	wederhoren:v
wederhoorden	wederhoren:v
wederhorend	wederhoren:v
gewederhoord	wederhoren:v
deskundologen	deskundoloog:n
deskundoloogje	deskundoloog:n
gestressed	gestrest:a
techreuzen	techreus:n
techreusje	techreus:n
ijzersterke	ijzersterk:a
ontstres	ontstressen:v
ontstreste	ontstressen:v
ontstrest	ontstressen:v
ontstresten	ontstressen:v
ontstressend	ontstressen:v
ontstress	ontstressen:v
ontstresste	ontstressen:v
ontstresst	ontstressen:v
ontstressten	ontstressen:v
muik	mok:n
verfries	verfriezen:v
verfriesde	verfriezen:v
verfriest	verfriezen:v
verfriesden	verfriezen:v
verfriezend	verfriezen:v
verfriesd	verfriezen:v
ontfries	ontfriezen:v
ontfriesde	ontfriezen:v
ontfriest	ontfriezen:v
ontfriesden	ontfriezen:v
ontfriezend	ontfriezen:v
ontfriesd	ontfriezen:v
ontfriesing	ontfriezing:n
verfriesing	verfriezing:n
slierde	slieren:v
sliert	slieren:v
slierden	slieren:v
slierend	slieren:v
geslierd	slieren:v
Klozem	Klozum:m
babbelguichjes	babbelguichje:n
babbelguigje	babbelguichje:n
insnijdingen	insnijding:n
insnijdinkje	insnijding:n
boerenbroden	boerenbrood:n
boerenbroodje	boerenbrood:n
indraai	indraaien:v
indraaide	indraaien:v
indraait	indraaien:v
indraaiden	indraaien:v
indraaiend	indraaien:v
ingedraaid	indraaien:v
lamelgewichten	lamelgewicht:n
lamelgewichtje	lamelgewicht:n
lijkenkelders	lijkenkelder:n
lijkenkeldertje	lijkenkelder:n
keukenmeesters	keukenmeester:n
keukenmeestertje	keukenmeester:n
hoofsch	hoofs:a
hemelsch	hemels:a
helsch	hels:a
kettersch	ketters:a
kerksch	kerks:a
duivelsch	duivels:a
aardsch	aards:a
aerdsch	aards:a
aarts	aards:a
aartsch	aards:a
aertsch	aards:a
wereldsch	werelds:a
werelts	werelds:a
wereltsch	werelds:a
volksch	volks:a
schalksch	schalks:a
stadsch	stads:a
dorpsch	dorps:a
boersch	boers:a
rebelsch	rebels:a
heidensch	heidens:a
hondsch	honds:a
buitenlandsch	buitenlands:a
binnenlandsch	binnenlands:a
plusfours	plusfour:n
plusfourtje	plusfour:n
binnentreed	binnentreden:v
binnentrad	binnentreden:v
binnentreedt	binnentreden:v
binnentraden	binnentreden:v
binnentredend	binnentreden:v
binnengetreden	binnentreden:v
rockconcerten	rockconcert:n
rockconcertje	rockconcert:n
beveiligingscamera's	beveiligingscamera:n
zoetwaterparellen	zoetwaterparel:n
zoetwaterparels	zoetwaterparel:n
curlingouders	curlingouder:n
oudersch	ouders:a
hobbezakken	hobbezak:n
hobbezakje	hobbezak:n
architecturaler	architecturaal:a
architecturaalst	architecturaal:a
architecturale	architecturaal:a
architecturalere	architecturaal:a
architecturaalste	architecturaal:a
architectonischer	architectonisch:a
architectonischt	architectonisch:a
architectonische	architectonisch:a
architectonischere	architectonisch:a
architectonischte	architectonisch:a
TikTokrijen	TikTokrij:n
TikTokrijtje	TikTokrij:n
tegenmaatregelen	tegenmaatregel:n
zelfwerkzamer	zelfwerkzaam:a
zelfwerkzaamst	zelfwerkzaam:a
zeldwerkzamer	zelfwerkzaam:a
zeldwerkzame	zelfwerkzaam:a
zeldwerkzamere	zelfwerkzaam:a
zelfwerkzaamste	zelfwerkzaam:a
zeedzamer	zeedzaam:a|zatzaam:a
zeedzaamst	zeedzaam:a
zeedzame	zeedzaam:a|zatzaam:a
zeedzamere	zeedzaam:a|zatzaam:a
zeedzaamste	zeedzaam:a
zatzamer	zatzaam:a
zatzaamst	zatzaam:a
zatzaamste	zatzaam:a
algemeenzamer	algemeenzaam:a
algemeenzaamst	algemeenzaam:a
algemeenzame	algemeenzaam:a
algemeenzamere	algemeenzaam:a
algemeenzaamste	algemeenzaam:a
algenoegzamer	algenoegzaam:a
algenoegzaamst	algenoegzaam:a
algenoegzame	algenoegzaam:a
algenoegzamere	algenoegzaam:a
algenoegzaamste	algenoegzaam:a
alleenzamer	alleenzaam:a
alleenzaamst	alleenzaam:a
alleenzame	alleenzaam:a
alleenzamere	alleenzaam:a
alleenzaamste	alleenzaam:a
arbeidzamer	arbeidzaam:a
arbeidzaamst	arbeidzaam:a
arbeidzame	arbeidzaam:a
arbeidzamere	arbeidzaam:a
arbeidzaamste	arbeidzaam:a
baarzamer	baarzaam:a
baarzaamst	baarzaam:a
baarzame	baarzaam:a
baarzamere	baarzaam:a
baarzaamste	baarzaam:a
bedrijfzamer	bedrijfzaam:a|bedwingzaam:a
bedrijfzaamst	bedrijfzaam:a
bedrijfzame	bedrijfzaam:a
bedrijfzamere	bedrijfzaam:a
bedrijfzaamste	bedrijfzaam:a
rijsmiddelen	rijsmiddel:n
toekomstbestendiger	toekomstbestendig:a
toekomstbestendigst	toekomstbestendig:a
toekomstbestendige	toekomstbestendig:a
toekomstbestendigere	toekomstbestendig:a
toekomstbestendigste	toekomstbestendig:a
officemanagers	officemanager:n
grootendeels	grotendeels:d
beduidzamer	beduidzaam:a
beduidzaamst	beduidzaam:a
beduidzame	beduidzaam:a
beduidzamere	beduidzaam:a
beduidzaamste	beduidzaam:a
bedwingzaamst	bedwingzaam:a
bedwingzamer	bedwingzaam:a
bedwingzame	bedwingzaam:a
bedwingzamere	bedwingzaam:a
bedwingzaamste	bedwingzaam:a
begrijpzamer	begrijpzaam:a
begrijpzaamst	begrijpzaam:a
begrijpzame	begrijpzaam:a
begrijpzamere	begrijpzaam:a
begrijpzaamste	begrijpzaam:a
laadbakken	laadbak:n
laadbakje	laadbak:n
wisselvalligheden	wisselvalligheid:n
beheerzamer	beheerzaam:a
beheerzaamst	beheerzaam:a
beheerzame	beheerzaam:a
beheerzamere	beheerzaam:a
beheerzaamste	beheerzaam:a
bekenzamer	bekenzaam:a
bekenzaamst	bekenzaam:a
bekenzame	bekenzaam:a
bekenzamere	bekenzaam:a
bekenzaamste	bekenzaam:a
familiereünies	familiereünie:n
hartproblemen	hartprobleem:n
hartprobleempje	hartprobleem:n
hartoperaties	hartoperatie:n
hartoperatietje	hartoperatie:n
goudkleurige	goudkleurig:a
huiseigenaars	huiseigenaar:n
huiseigenaren	huiseigenaar:n
huiseigenaartje	huiseigenaar:n
inleg	inleggen:v
inlegde	inleggen:v
inlegt	inleggen:v
inlegden	inleggen:v
inleggend	inleggen:v
ingelegd	inleggen:v
afgraaf	afgraven:v
afgroef	afgraven:v
afgraaft	afgraven:v
afgroeven	afgraven:v
afgravend	afgraven:v
afgegraven	afgraven:v
vergas	vergassen:v
vergaste	vergassen:v
vergast	vergassen:v
vergassend	vergassen:v
kruimelingen	kruimeling:n
kruimelinkje	kruimeling:n
kruimel	kruimelen:v
kruimelde	kruimelen:v
kruimelt	kruimelen:v
kruimelden	kruimelen:v
kruimelend	kruimelen:v
gekruimeld	kruimelen:v
kruim	kruimen:v
kruimde	kruimen:v
kruimt	kruimen:v
kruimden	kruimen:v
kruimend	kruimen:v
gekruimd	kruimen:v
regendroppen	regendrop:n
regendropje	regendrop:n
regendroppie	regendrop:n
vogelmuren	vogelmuur:n
vogelmuurtje	vogelmuur:n
zandmuren	zandmuur:n
zandmuurtje	zandmuur:n
verachtzamer	verachtzaam:a
verachtzaamst	verachtzaam:a
verachtzame	verachtzaam:a
verachtzamere	verachtzaam:a
verachtzaamste	verachtzaam:a
halfjaarlijkse	halfjaarlijks:a
foetel	foetelen:v
foetelde	foetelen:v
foetelt	foetelen:v
foetelden	foetelen:v
foetelend	foetelen:v
gefoeteld	foetelen:v
Indonesischen	Indonesische:n
Spaanstalige	Spaanstalig:a
Spaanstaligen	Spaanstalige:n
braambessen	braambes:n
braambesje	braambes:n
noordsch	noords:a
neerlig	neerliggen:v
neerlag	neerliggen:v
neerligt	neerliggen:v
neerlagen	neerliggen:v
neerliggend	neerliggen:v
neergelegen	neerliggen:v
verjaardagstaarten	verjaardagstaart:n
verjaardagstaartje	verjaardagstaart:n
meubelwinkels	meubelwinkel:n
meubelwinkeltje	meubelwinkel:n
vriendelozer	vriendeloos:a
vriendeloost	vriendeloos:a
vriendeloze	vriendeloos:a
vriendelozere	vriendeloos:a
vriendelooste	vriendeloos:a
kruikenzeikers	kruikenzeiker:n
kruikenzeikertje	kruikenzeiker:n
afhamer	afhameren:v
afhamerde	afhameren:v
afhamert	afhameren:v
afhamerden	afhameren:v
afhamerend	afhameren:v
afgehamerd	afhameren:v
binnenlijnen	binnenlijn:n
binnenlijntje	binnenlijn:n
toetsingen	toetsing:n
toetsinkje	toetsing:n
tussenpak	tussenpakken:v
tussenpakte	tussenpakken:v
tussenpakt	tussenpakken:v
tussenpakten	tussenpakken:v
tussenpakkend	tussenpakken:v
tussengepakt	tussenpakken:v
hersentumoren	hersentumor:n
hersentumors	hersentumor:n
hersentumortje	hersentumor:n
budgetvriendelijker	budgetvriendelijk:a
budgetvriendelijkst	budgetvriendelijk:a
budgetvriendelijke	budgetvriendelijk:a
budgetvriendelijkere	budgetvriendelijk:a
budgetvriendelijkste	budgetvriendelijk:a
casuïsten	casuïst:n
casuïstje	casuïst:n
drieër	drie:u
kindfluencers	kindfluencer:n
kindfluencertje	kindfluencer:n
confidentiëler	confidentieel:a
confidentieelst	confidentieel:a
confidentiële	confidentieel:a
confidentiëlere	confidentieel:a
confidentieelste	confidentieel:a
Goeree	Goedereede:m
vogelkoppen	vogelkop:n
vogelkopje	vogelkop:n
Punische	Punisch:a
miniscuul	minuscuul:a
borstvliezen	borstvlies:n
borstvliesje	borstvlies:n
longvliezen	longvlies:n
longvliesje	longvlies:n
castorzaden	castorzaad:n
castorzaadje	castorzaad:n
ricinuszaden	ricinuszaad:n
ricinuszaadje	ricinuszaad:n
wonderbomen	wonderboom:n
wonderboompje	wonderboom:n
wonderoliën	wonderolie:n
wonderolies	wonderolie:n
wonderolietje	wonderolie:n
ricinusoliën	ricinusolie:n
ricinusolietje	ricinusolie:n
castoroliën	castorolie:n
castorolietje	castorolie:n
ricinusbomen	ricinusboom:n
ricinusboompje	ricinusboom:n
wonderoliebomen	wonderolieboom:n
wonderolieboompje	wonderolieboom:n
wonderbonen	wonderboon:n
wonderboontje	wonderboon:n
castorolieplanten	castorolieplant:n
castorolieplantje	castorolieplant:n
castorbonen	castorboon:n
castorboontje	castorboon:n
meisjeskamers	meisjeskamer:n
meisjeskamertje	meisjeskamer:n
bagagekarren	bagagekar:n
bagagekarretje	bagagekar:n
fixaties	fixatie:n
fixatietje	fixatie:n
eminentiën	eminentie:n
eminenties	eminentie:n
flessenhalzen	flessenhals:n
flessenhalsje	flessenhals:n
drinkhoorns	drinkhoorn:n
drinkhoorntje	drinkhoorn:n
boutiek	boetiek:n
bogaard	boomgaard:n
bongerd	boomgaard:n
bogerd	boomgaard:n
soudaat	soldaat:n
soudaet	soldaat:n
soldaet	soldaat:n
graauw	grauw:a
graeuw	grauw:a
gascilinders	gascilinder:n
gascilindertje	gascilinder:n
onderofficieren	onderofficier:n
onderofficiers	onderofficier:n
vuilnisophalers	vuilnisophaler:n
keursen	keurs:n
keursje	keurs:n
wanbetalers	wanbetaler:n
wanbetalingen	wanbetaling:n
paasontbijten	paasontbijt:n
paasontbijtje	paasontbijt:n
familiebijeenkomsten	familiebijeenkomst:n
familiebijeenkomstje	familiebijeenkomst:n
kamerlingen	kamerling:n
bsn	burgerservicenummer:n
beklinker	beklinkeren:v
beklinkerde	beklinkeren:v
beklinkert	beklinkeren:v
beklinkerden	beklinkeren:v
beklinkerend	beklinkeren:v
beklinkerd	beklinkeren:v
beklinkeringen	beklinkering:n
afkrab	afkrabben:v
afkrabde	afkrabben:v
afkrabt	afkrabben:v
afkrabden	afkrabben:v
afkrabbend	afkrabben:v
afgekrabd	afkrabben:v
documentairefilms	documentairefilm:n
werkvergaderingen	werkvergadering:n
achtjarigen	achtjarige:n
fitnesscentra	fitnesscentrum:n
fitnesscentrums	fitnesscentrum:n
teamgenote	teamgenoot:n
tv-sterren	tv-ster:n
tv-sterretje	tv-ster:n
rugoperaties	rugoperatie:n
elektriciteitscentrales	elektriciteitscentrale:n
elektriciteitscentraletje	elektriciteitscentrale:n
remafstanden	remafstand:n
studentengroepen	studentengroep:n
studentengroepje	studentengroep:n
modebladen	modeblad:n
modeblaadje	modeblad:n
conformeer	conformeren:v
conformeerde	conformeren:v
conformeert	conformeren:v
conformeerden	conformeren:v
conformerend	conformeren:v
geconformeerd	conformeren:v
conformistischer	conformistisch:a
conformistischt	conformistisch:a
conformistische	conformistisch:a
conformistischere	conformistisch:a
conformistischte	conformistisch:a
muzieknummers	muzieknummer:n
muzieknummertje	muzieknummer:n
hoogstpersoonlijke	hoogstpersoonlijk:a
meebeweeg	meebewegen:v
meebewoog	meebewegen:v
meebeweegt	meebewegen:v
meebewogen	meebewegen:v
meebewegend	meebewegen:v
uniciteiten	uniciteit:n
zelfinzichten	zelfinzicht:n
schoud	schuld:n
inkarnaatklavers	inkarnaatklaver:n
inkarnaatklavertje	inkarnaatklaver:n
bolletjesvarens	bolletjesvaren:n
bolletjesvarentje	bolletjesvaren:n
glanstroepialen	glanstroepiaal:n
glanstroepiaaltje	glanstroepiaal:n
treurduiven	treurduif:n
treurduifje	treurduif:n
schoorsteengierzwaluwen	schoorsteengierzwaluw:n
schoorsteengierzwaluwtje	schoorsteengierzwaluw:n
sialia's	sialia:n
sialiaatje	sialia:n
bergsialia's	bergsialia:n
bergsialiaatje	bergsialia:n
zielenpoten	zielenpoot:n
zielenpootje	zielenpoot:n
gastvriendelijker	gastvriendelijk:a
gastvriendelijkst	gastvriendelijk:a
gastvriendelijke	gastvriendelijk:a
gastvriendelijkere	gastvriendelijk:a
gastvriendelijkste	gastvriendelijk:a
onaangekondigde	onaangekondigd:a
Pacifische	Pacifisch:a
geelsnavelduikers	geelsnavelduiker:n
geelsnavelduikertje	geelsnavelduiker:n
ochtent	ochtend:n
ogtend	ochtend:n
ogtent	ochtend:n
meetors	meetorsen:v
meetorste	meetorsen:v
meetorst	meetorsen:v
meetorsten	meetorsen:v
meetorsend	meetorsen:v
meegetorst	meetorsen:v
strafprocesrechten	strafprocesrecht:n
rechtstheorieën	rechtstheorie:n
gerechtsgebouwen	gerechtsgebouw:n
gerechtsgebouwtje	gerechtsgebouw:n
19e-eeuwse	19e-eeuws:a
hoogoplopende	hoogoplopend:a
toedraag	toedragen:v
toedroeg	toedragen:v
toedraagt	toedragen:v
toedroegen	toedragen:v
toedragend	toedragen:v
toegedragen	toedragen:v
doorhak	doorhakken:v
doorhakte	doorhakken:v
doorhakt	doorhakken:v
doorhakten	doorhakken:v
doorhakkend	doorhakken:v
doorgehakt	doorhakken:v
poneer	poneren:v
poneerde	poneren:v
poneert	poneren:v
poneerden	poneren:v
ponerend	poneren:v
geponeerd	poneren:v
politierechters	politierechter:n
terminaler	terminaal:a
terminaalst	terminaal:a
terminale	terminaal:a
terminalere	terminaal:a
terminaalste	terminaal:a
kankerpatiënten	kankerpatiënt:n
kankerpatiëntje	kankerpatiënt:n
ongeorganiseerder	ongeorganiseerd:a
ongeorganiseerdst	ongeorganiseerd:a
ongeorganiseerde	ongeorganiseerd:a
ongeorganiseerdere	ongeorganiseerd:a
ongeorganiseerdste	ongeorganiseerd:a
herschik	herschikken:v
herschikte	herschikken:v
herschikt	herschikken:v
herschikten	herschikken:v
herschikkend	herschikken:v
boekenclubs	boekenclub:n
boekenclubje	boekenclub:n
bejaardenverzorgsters	bejaardenverzorgster:n
Schiedammers	Schiedammer:n
Schiedammertje	Schiedammer:n
parkmoorden	parkmoord:n
niet-juridische	niet-juridisch:a
rechtenstudies	rechtenstudie:n
eindverantwoordelijkheiden	eindverantwoordelijkheid:n
geruchtmakende	geruchtmakend:a
Papoea's	Papoea:n
Papoeaatje	Papoea:n
amethisten	amethist:n
amethistje	amethist:n
overzwem	overzwemmen:v
overzwom	overzwemmen:v
overzwemt	overzwemmen:v
overzwommen	overzwemmen:v
overzwemmend	overzwemmen:v
overgezwommen	overzwemmen:v
politiek-maatschappelijker	politiek-maatschappelijk:a
politiek-maatschappelijkst	politiek-maatschappelijk:a
politiek-maatschappelijke	politiek-maatschappelijk:a
politiek-maatschappelijkere	politiek-maatschappelijk:a
politiek-maatschappelijkste	politiek-maatschappelijk:a
strafprocedures	strafprocedure:n
afkoers	afkoersen:v
afkoerste	afkoersen:v
afkoerst	afkoersen:v
afkoersten	afkoersen:v
afkoersend	afkoersen:v
afgekoerst	afkoersen:v
majestueuzer	majestueus:a
majestueust	majestueus:a
majestueuze	majestueus:a
majestueuzere	majestueus:a
majestueuste	majestueus:a
sjerpen	sjerp:n
statelijke	statelijk:a
configuraties	configuratie:n
configuratietje	configuratie:n
sermoenen	sermoen:n
sermoentje	sermoen:n
bedsermoenen	bedsermoen:n
bedsermoentje	bedsermoen:n
pasgetrouwde	pasgetrouwd:a
onverharde	onverhard:a
alkoofje	alkoof:n
paapser	paaps:a
paapst	paaps:a
paapse	paaps:a
paapsere	paaps:a
paapste	paaps:a
idiosyncratischer	idiosyncratisch:a
idiosyncratischt	idiosyncratisch:a
idiosyncratische	idiosyncratisch:a
idiosyncratischere	idiosyncratisch:a
idiosyncratischte	idiosyncratisch:a
lijpo's	lijpo:n
lijpootje	lijpo:n
puddingbroodjes	puddingbroodje:n
bosaardbeien	bosaardbei:n
bosaardbeitje	bosaardbei:n
jonggeborenen	jonggeborene:n
vroeggeborenen	vroeggeborene:n
vnv	vanavond:d
laatstbedoelde	laatstbedoeld:a
eerstbedoelde	eerstbedoeld:a
eerstgenoemden	eerstgenoemde:n
laatstgenoemden	laatstgenoemde:n
verbeur	verbeuren:v
verbeurde	verbeuren:v
verbeurt	verbeuren:v
verbeurden	verbeuren:v
verbeurend	verbeuren:v
verbeurd	verbeuren:v
verbeurdverklaar	verbeurdverklaren:v
verbeurdverklaarde	verbeurdverklaren:v
verbeurdverklaart	verbeurdverklaren:v
verbeurdverklaarden	verbeurdverklaren:v
verbeurdverklarend	verbeurdverklaren:v
verbeurdverklaard	verbeurdverklaren:v
onvoldoend	onvoldoende:a
eerstvermelde	eerstvermeld:a
laatstvermelde	laatstvermeld:a
competitiever	competitief:a
competitiefst	competitief:a
competitieve	competitief:a
competitievere	competitief:a
competitiefste	competitief:a
hoogopgeleide	hoogopgeleid:a
laagopgeleide	laagopgeleid:a
dotterbloemen	dotterbloem:n
dotterbloempje	dotterbloem:n
dotterbloemetje	dotterbloem:n
penitentiaire	penitentiair:a
hoogopgeleiden	hoogopgeleide:n
laagopgeleiden	laagopgeleide:n
hooggeschoolde	hooggeschoold:a
laaggeschoolde	laaggeschoold:a
lagergeschoolde	lagergeschoold:a
hooggeschoolden	hooggeschoolde:n
laaggeschoolden	laaggeschoolde:n
lagergeschoolden	lagergeschoolde:n
eerstgemelde	eerstgemeld:a
laatstgemelde	laatstgemeld:a
bovengenoemde	bovengenoemd:a
bovenbedoelde	bovenbedoeld:a
bovengemelde	bovengemeld:a
halteer	halteren:v
halteerde	halteren:v
halteert	halteren:v
halteerden	halteren:v
halterend	halteren:v
gehalteerd	halteren:v
rechtervoeten	rechtervoet:n
rechtervoetje	rechtervoet:n
modetijdschriften	modetijdschrift:n
modemerken	modemerk:n
telefoonopladers	telefoonoplader:n
tijmereprijzen	tijmereprijs:n
tijmereprijsje	tijmereprijs:n
marterhonden	marterhond:n
marterhondje	marterhond:n
akkerereprijzen	akkerereprijs:n
akkerereprijsje	akkerereprijs:n
veldereprijzen	veldereprijs:n
veldereprijsje	veldereprijs:n
beekbunge	beekpunge:n
klimbomen	klimboom:n
klimboompje	klimboom:n
koewarme	koewarm:a
rietorchissen	rietorchis:n
rietorchisje	rietorchis:n
commercialiseer	commercialiseren:v
commercialiseerde	commercialiseren:v
commercialiseert	commercialiseren:v
commercialiseerden	commercialiseren:v
commercialiserend	commercialiseren:v
gecommercialiseerd	commercialiseren:v
wespenorchissen	wespenorchis:n
wespenorchisje	wespenorchis:n
moeraswespenorchissen	moeraswespenorchis:n
Congolezen	Congolees:n
Congoleesje	Congolees:n
Congoleser	Congolees:a
Congoleest	Congolees:a
Congolese	Congolees:a
Congolesere	Congolees:a
Congoleeste	Congolees:a
veiligheidsagenten	veiligheidsagent:n
veiligheidsagentje	veiligheidsagent:n
hotelgasten	hotelgast:n
zielsverlangens	zielsverlangen:n
zielskrachten	zielskracht:n
zielsbedroefde	zielsbedroefd:a
zielsgelukkige	zielsgelukkig:a
afwimpel	afwimpelen:v
afwimpelde	afwimpelen:v
afwimpelt	afwimpelen:v
afwimpelden	afwimpelen:v
afwimpelend	afwimpelen:v
afgewimpeld	afwimpelen:v
afpoeier	afpoeieren:v
afpoeierde	afpoeieren:v
afpoeiert	afpoeieren:v
afpoeierden	afpoeieren:v
afpoeierend	afpoeieren:v
afgepoeierd	afpoeieren:v
zielementen	zielement:n
zielementje	zielement:n
plaveisels	plaveisel:n
plaveiseltje	plaveisel:n
karspel	kerspel:n
klassebakken	klassebak:n
klassebakje	klassebak:n
klasbak	klassebak:n
rasoptimisten	rasoptimist:n
rasoptimistje	rasoptimist:n
raspessimisten	raspessimist:n
raspessimistje	raspessimist:n
tok	tokken:v
tokte	tokken:v
tokt	tokken:v
tokten	tokken:v
tokkend	tokken:v
getokt	tokken:v
paardendieven	paardendief:n
vetweefselen	vetweefsel:n
vetweefsels	vetweefsel:n
gladjakker	gladakker:n
muziekvideo's	muziekvideo:n
verruim	verruimen:v
verruimde	verruimen:v
verruimt	verruimen:v
verruimden	verruimen:v
verruimend	verruimen:v
verruimd	verruimen:v
renteniers	rentenier:n
renteniertje	rentenier:n
broodkorsten	broodkorst:n
broodkorstje	broodkorst:n
korstiger	korstig:a
korstigst	korstig:a
korstige	korstig:a
korstigere	korstig:a
korstigste	korstig:a
badkamerspiegels	badkamerspiegel:n
sjacheraars	sjacheraar:n
sjacheraartje	sjacheraar:n
logenstraf	logenstraffen:v
logenstrafte	logenstraffen:v
logenstraft	logenstraffen:v
logenstraften	logenstraffen:v
logenstraffend	logenstraffen:v
gelogenstraft	logenstraffen:v
teljoor	taloor:n
zienersblikken	zienersblik:n
zielkundiger	zielkundig:a
zielkundigst	zielkundig:a
zielkundige	zielkundig:a
zielkundigere	zielkundig:a
zielkundigste	zielkundig:a
zielenlevens	zielenleven:n
zielenleventje	zielenleven:n
zielsleven	zielenleven:n
aardrijkskundigen	aardrijkskundige:n
zielkundigen	zielkundige:n
zeikwijven	zeikwijf:n
zeikwijfje	zeikwijf:n
lamlullen	lamlul:n
lamlulletje	lamlul:n
steunpilaren	steunpilaar:n
steunpilaartje	steunpilaar:n
stokdove	stokdoof:a
stomverbaasde	stomverbaasd:a
vlasblonde	vlasblond:a
zwendelaars	zwendelaar:n
zwendelaartje	zwendelaar:n
bevliegingen	bevlieging:n
bevlieginkje	bevlieging:n
cerebrale	cerebraal:a
cerebraalst	cerebraal:a
cerebraler	cerebraal:a
cerebralere	cerebraal:a
cerebraalste	cerebraal:a
generalisaties	generalisatie:n
generalisatietje	generalisatie:n
Godalmachtig	godalmachtig:i
godallemachtig	godalmachtig:i
Godallemachtig	godalmachtig:i
hulsels	hulsel:n
hulseltje	hulsel:n
initieer	initiëren:v
initieerde	initiëren:v
initieert	initiëren:v
initieerden	initiëren:v
initiërend	initiëren:v
geïnitieerd	initiëren:v
initiaties	initiatie:n
initiatietje	initiatie:n
initiëringen	initiëring:n
initiërinkje	initiëring:n
irreëeler	irreëel:a
irreëelst	irreëel:a
irreëele	irreëel:a
irreëelere	irreëel:a
irreëelste	irreëel:a
onrealistischer	onrealistisch:a
onrealistischt	onrealistisch:a
onrealistische	onrealistisch:a
onrealistischere	onrealistisch:a
onrealistischte	onrealistisch:a
ineenstort	ineenstorten:v
ineenstortte	ineenstorten:v
ineenstortten	ineenstorten:v
ineenstortend	ineenstorten:v
ineengestort	ineenstorten:v
ineenkrimp	ineenkrimpen:v
ineenkromp	ineenkrimpen:v
ineenkrimpt	ineenkrimpen:v
ineenkrompen	ineenkrimpen:v
ineenkrimpend	ineenkrimpen:v
ineengekrompen	ineenkrimpen:v
cashewnoten	cashewnoot:n
cashewnootje	cashewnoot:n
bespoedig	bespoedigen:v
bespoedigde	bespoedigen:v
bespoedigt	bespoedigen:v
bespoedigden	bespoedigen:v
bespoedigend	bespoedigen:v
bespoedigd	bespoedigen:v
medewerksters	medewerkster:n
medewerkstertje	medewerkster:n
handelbaarder	handelbaar:a
handelbaarst	handelbaar:a
handelbare	handelbaar:a
handelbaardere	handelbaar:a
handelbaarste	handelbaar:a
doodswensch	doodswens:n
verachtelijkheden	verachtelijkheid:n
walgelijkheden	walgelijkheid:n
mijn'	mijnen:t
zijn'	zijnen:t
haar'	haren:t
uw'	uwen:t
struggel	struggelen:v
struggelde	struggelen:v
struggelt	struggelen:v
struggelden	struggelen:v
struggelend	struggelen:v
gestruggeld	struggelen:v
strugglen	struggelen:v
endogeene	endogeen:a
lichaamsvreemde	lichaamsvreemd:a
exogeene	exogeen:a
aalmoezenierschappen	aalmoezenierschap:n
schoenenwinkels	schoenenwinkel:n
schoenenwinkeltje	schoenenwinkel:n
ontvouwd	ontvouwen:v
overlevingen	overleving:n
enkelzijdige	enkelzijdig:a
tweezijdige	tweezijdig:a
tweezijdigheden	tweezijdigheid:n
boerenjasmijnen	boerenjasmijn:n
boerenjasmijntje	boerenjasmijn:n
brileiders	brileider:n
brileidertje	brileider:n
alzijdige	alzijdig:a
strijdmachten	strijdmacht:n
strijdmachtje	strijdmacht:n
afhap	afhappen:v
afhapte	afhappen:v
afhapt	afhappen:v
afhapten	afhappen:v
afhappend	afhappen:v
afgehapt	afhappen:v
spreekster	spreker:n
toehap	toehappen:v
toehapte	toehappen:v
toehapt	toehappen:v
toehapten	toehappen:v
toehappend	toehappen:v
toegehapt	toehappen:v
Cathaye	Cathay:m
hardloopster	hardloper:n
hockeyster	hockeyer:n
hockeysterren	hockeyster:n
hockeysterretje	hockeyster:n
hockeysters	hockeyster:n
Gelderser	Gelders:a
Gelderst	Gelders:a
Gelderse	Gelders:a
Geldersere	Gelders:a
Gelderste	Gelders:a
zwanussen	zwanus:n
zwanusje	zwanus:n
zweetreten	zweetreet:n
zweetreetje	zweetreet:n
zonaties	zonatie:n
zonatietje	zonatie:n
zoneer	zoneren:v
zoneerde	zoneren:v
zoneert	zoneren:v
zoneerden	zoneren:v
zonerend	zoneren:v
gezoneerd	zoneren:v
zoneringen	zonering:n
zonerinkje	zonering:n
ontmast	ontmasten:v
ontmastte	ontmasten:v
ontmastten	ontmasten:v
ontmastend	ontmasten:v
arbeidscontracten	arbeidscontract:n
arbeidscontractje	arbeidscontract:n
loomheden	loomheid:n
uitblinkers	uitblinker:n
uitblinkertje	uitblinker:n
veiligheidsgordels	veiligheidsgordel:n
veiligheidsgordeltje	veiligheidsgordel:n
Barentsz	Barents:m
portioneer	portioneren:v
portioneerde	portioneren:v
portioneert	portioneren:v
portioneerden	portioneren:v
portionerend	portioneren:v
geportioneerd	portioneren:v
achterblijvers	achterblijver:n
achterblijvertje	achterblijver:n
portioneringen	portionering:n
goudaders	goudader:n
goudadertje	goudader:n
portioneerbare	portioneerbaar:a
portiegroottes	portiegrootte:n
portiegrootten	portiegrootte:n
omvangrijks	omvangrijk:a
omvangrijkers	omvangrijk:a
afstoom	afstomen:v
afstoomde	afstomen:v
afstoomt	afstomen:v
afstoomden	afstomen:v
afstomend	afstomen:v
afgestoomd	afstomen:v
heilbrengender	heilbrengend:a
heilbrengendst	heilbrengend:a
heilbrengende	heilbrengend:a
heilbrengendere	heilbrengend:a
heilbrengendste	heilbrengend:a
aalsteken	aalsteek:n
aalsteekje	aalsteek:n
palingsteken	palingsteek:n
palingsteekje	palingsteek:n
borstvergrotingen	borstvergroting:n
borstvergrotinkje	borstvergroting:n
cederpestvogels	cederpestvogel:n
cederpestvogeltje	cederpestvogel:n
fonologische	fonologisch:a
garve	garf:n
goedpraat	goedpraten:v
goedpraatte	goedpraten:v
goedpraatten	goedpraten:v
goedpratend	goedpraten:v
goedgepraat	goedpraten:v
uitkristalliseer	uitkristalliseren:v
uitkristalliseerde	uitkristalliseren:v
uitkristalliseert	uitkristalliseren:v
uitkristalliseerden	uitkristalliseren:v
uitkristalliserend	uitkristalliseren:v
uitgekristalliseerd	uitkristalliseren:v
kristalliseer	kristalliseren:v
kristalliseerde	kristalliseren:v
kristalliseert	kristalliseren:v
kristalliseerden	kristalliseren:v
kristalliserend	kristalliseren:v
gekristalliseerd	kristalliseren:v
kristallisaties	kristallisatie:n
kristalliseerbare	kristalliseerbaar:a
onkristalliseerbare	onkristalliseerbaar:a
deepthroat	deepthroaten:v
deepthroatte	deepthroaten:v
deepthroatten	deepthroaten:v
deepthroatend	deepthroaten:v
gedeepthroat	deepthroaten:v
indeuk	indeuken:v
indeukte	indeuken:v
indeukt	indeuken:v
indeukten	indeuken:v
indeukend	indeuken:v
ingedeukt	indeuken:v
zaadsletten	zaadslet:n
zaadsletje	zaadslet:n
melkdistels	melkdistel:n
melkdisteltje	melkdistel:n
akkermelkdistels	akkermelkdistel:n
akkermelkdisteltje	akkermelkdistel:n
zeemelkdistels	zeemelkdistel:n
zeemelkdisteltje	zeemelkdistel:n
moerasmelkdistels	moerasmelkdistel:n
moerasmelkdisteltje	moerasmelkdistel:n
snoozede	snoozen:v
snoozet	snoozen:v
snoozeden	snoozen:v
snoozend	snoozen:v
gesnoozed	snoozen:v
deins	deinzen:v
deinsde	deinzen:v
deinst	deinzen:v
deinsden	deinzen:v
deinzend	deinzen:v
gedeinsd	deinzen:v
positionele	positioneel:a
positioneer	positioneren:v
positioneerde	positioneren:v
positioneert	positioneren:v
positioneerden	positioneren:v
positionerend	positioneren:v
gepositioneerd	positioneren:v
hogedrukgebieden	hogedrukgebied:n
hogedrukgebiedje	hogedrukgebied:n
lagedrukgebieden	lagedrukgebied:n
lagedrukgebiedje	lagedrukgebied:n
zeolieten	zeoliet:n
zeolietje	zeoliet:n
zijbalken	zijbalk:n
zijbalkje	zijbalk:n
cijnsrechten	cijnsrecht:n
voorwerken	voorwerk:n
voorwerkje	voorwerk:n
sluik	sluiken:v
slook	sluiken:v
sluikt	sluiken:v
sloken	sluiken:v
sluikend	sluiken:v
gesloken	sluiken:v
tersluikse	tersluiks:a
peesontstekingen	peesontsteking:n
bijholten	bijholte:n
bijholteontstekingen	bijholteontsteking:n
spliceosomen	spliceosoom:n
spliceosoompje	spliceosoom:n
chatoenot	chatoena:n
chassenes	chassene:n
stroboscopen	stroboscoop:n
stroboscoopje	stroboscoop:n
danswedstrijden	danswedstrijd:n
danswedstrijdje	danswedstrijd:n
schoonfamilies	schoonfamilie:n
haarmuggen	haarmug:n
haarmugje	haarmug:n
captaties	captatie:n
captatietje	captatie:n
kwinkslagen	kwinkslag:n
kwinkslagje	kwinkslag:n
garenhaspels	garenhaspel:n
garenhaspeltje	garenhaspel:n
steppezebra's	steppezebra:n
steppezebraatje	steppezebra:n
vreetzakken	vreetzak:n
vreetzakje	vreetzak:n
misselijkmakender	misselijkmakend:a
misselijkmakende	misselijkmakend:a
misselijkmakendere	misselijkmakend:a
misselijkmakendste	misselijkmakend:a
onvertaalbaarheden	onvertaalbaarheid:n
onbeduidendheden	onbeduidendheid:n
navors	navorsen:v
navorste	navorsen:v
navorst	navorsen:v
navorsten	navorsen:v
navorsend	navorsen:v
nagevorst	navorsen:v
research	researchen:v
researchte	researchen:v
researcht	researchen:v
researchten	researchen:v
researchend	researchen:v
geresearcht	researchen:v
vorsinkje	vorsing:n
navorsching	navorsing:n
vorsching	vorsing:n
navorschen	navorsen:v
vorschen	vorsen:v
vorsch	vors:n
kikvorsch	kikvors:n
lichtgeloviger	lichtgelovig:a
lichtgelovigst	lichtgelovig:a
lichtgelovige	lichtgelovig:a
lichtgelovigere	lichtgelovig:a
lichtgelovigste	lichtgelovig:a
necrofielen	necrofiel:n
necrofieltje	necrofiel:n
necrofieler	necrofiel:a
necrofielst	necrofiel:a
necrofiele	necrofiel:a
necrofielere	necrofiel:a
necrofielste	necrofiel:a
necromantieën	necromantie:n
bladkevers	bladkever:n
bladkevertje	bladkever:n
overpeinzingen	overpeinzing:n
overpeinzinkje	overpeinzing:n
riviervissen	riviervis:n
riviervisje	riviervis:n
belastingplichtige	belastingplichtig:a
heffingsvrije	heffingsvrij:a
onbelaste	onbelast:a
verlatingen	verlating:n
verlatinkje	verlating:n
verlatingh	verlating:n
verlatinghe	verlating:n
verlaeting	verlating:n
verlaetingh	verlating:n
verlaetinghe	verlating:n
ruziemakers	ruziemaker:n
ruziemakertje	ruziemaker:n
profetieën	profetie:n
profetietje	profetie:n
inclinaties	inclinatie:n
inclinatietje	inclinatie:n
zielszorg	zielzorg:n
zielszorger	zielzorger:n
zielzorgers	zielzorger:n
zielzorgertje	zielzorger:n
pastoraten	pastoraat:n
pastoraatje	pastoraat:n
aambeeldsbeentjes	aambeeldsbeentje:n
boventallige	boventallig:a
boventalligheden	boventalligheid:n
jutezakken	jutezak:n
jutezakje	jutezak:n
allerliefste	allerliefst:a
allergrootste	allergrootst:a
allerkleinste	allerkleinst:a
allerleukste	allerleukst:a
allerstoutste	allerstoutst:a
allerzoetste	allerzoetst:a
allervreemdste	allervreemdst:a
allerheiligste	allerheiligst:a
allerslimste	allerslimst:a
allerdomste	allerdomst:a
allerlekkerste	allerlekkerst:a
allervieste	allerviest:a
kafnaalden	kafnaald:n
kafnaaldje	kafnaald:n
kaasmessen	kaasmes:n
kaasmesje	kaasmes:n
koopster	koper:n
migreer	migreren:v
migreerde	migreren:v
migreert	migreren:v
migreerden	migreren:v
migrerend	migreren:v
gemigreerd	migreren:v
eenpansmaaltijden	eenpansmaaltijd:n
eenpansmaaltijdje	eenpansmaaltijd:n
eenpansgerechten	eenpansgerecht:n
eenpansgerechtje	eenpansgerecht:n
kannibaliseer	kannibaliseren:v
kannibaliseerde	kannibaliseren:v
kannibaliseert	kannibaliseren:v
kannibaliseerden	kannibaliseren:v
kannibaliserend	kannibaliseren:v
gekannibaliseerd	kannibaliseren:v
kinderhanden	kinderhand:n
kinderhandje	kinderhand:n
lievelingsdochters	lievelingsdochter:n
ademruimtes	ademruimte:n
ademruimten	ademruimte:n
uithalers	uithaler:n
uithalertje	uithaler:n
echografieën	echografie:n
pretecho's	pretecho:n
pretechootje	pretecho:n
ballingsoorden	ballingsoord:n
haarvaten	haarvat:n
haarvaatje	haarvat:n
resoluter	resoluut:a
resoluutst	resoluut:a
resolute	resoluut:a
resolutere	resoluut:a
resoluutste	resoluut:a
boogpezen	boogpees:n
boogpeesje	boogpees:n
zielszieke	zielsziek:a
zielsziekten	zielsziekte:n
zielsziektes	zielsziekte:n
feestmalen	feestmaal:n
feestmaaltje	feestmaal:n
gastorganismen	gastorganisme:n
gastorganismes	gastorganisme:n
gastorganismetje	gastorganisme:n
gevechtsvliegtuigen	gevechtsvliegtuig:n
gevechtsvliegtuigje	gevechtsvliegtuig:n
smocken	smokken:v
smokwerken	smokwerk:n
smokwerkje	smokwerk:n
smockwerk	smokwerk:n
klunziger	klunzig:a
klunzigst	klunzig:a
klunzige	klunzig:a
klunzigere	klunzig:a
klunzigste	klunzig:a
drietrapsraketten	drietrapsraket:n
tweetrapsraketten	tweetrapsraket:n
viertrapsraketten	viertrapsraket:n
herrijzenissen	herrijzenis:n
herrijzenisje	herrijzenis:n
wederopstandingen	wederopstanding:n
wederopstandinkje	wederopstanding:n
geomorfologische	geomorfologisch:a
morfologische	morfologisch:a
breedgeschouderde	breedgeschouderd:a
sympathiseer	sympathiseren:v
sympathiseerde	sympathiseren:v
sympathiseert	sympathiseren:v
sympathiseerden	sympathiseren:v
sympathiserend	sympathiseren:v
gesympathiseerd	sympathiseren:v
onbevlekter	onbevlekt:a
onbevlektst	onbevlekt:a
onbevlektere	onbevlekt:a
onbevlektste	onbevlekt:a
klaagzangen	klaagzang:n
klaagzangetje	klaagzang:n
prokaryoten	prokaryoot:n
prokaryootje	prokaryoot:n
prokaryote	prokaryoot:a
voorhou	voorhouden:v
voorhoud	voorhouden:v
voorhield	voorhouden:v
voorhoudt	voorhouden:v
voorhielden	voorhouden:v
voorhoudend	voorhouden:v
voorgehouden	voorhouden:v
vervolgstappen	vervolgstap:n
vervolgstapje	vervolgstap:n
beproef	beproeven:v
beproefde	beproeven:v
beproeft	beproeven:v
beproefden	beproeven:v
beproevend	beproeven:v
beproefd	beproeven:v
relativeringen	relativering:n
relativerinkje	relativering:n
peper-en-zoutstellen	peper-en-zoutstel:n
peper-en-zoutstelletje	peper-en-zoutstel:n
infantiliseer	infantiliseren:v
infantiliseerde	infantiliseren:v
infantiliseert	infantiliseren:v
infantiliseerden	infantiliseren:v
infantiliserend	infantiliseren:v
geïnfantiliseerd	infantiliseren:v
trivialiseer	trivialiseren:v
trivialiseerde	trivialiseren:v
trivialiseert	trivialiseren:v
trivialiseerden	trivialiseren:v
trivialiserend	trivialiseren:v
getrivialiseerd	trivialiseren:v
medewerkerstevredenheidsonderzoeken	medewerkerstevredenheidsonderzoek:n
medewerkerstevredenheidsonderzoekje	medewerkerstevredenheidsonderzoek:n
klanttevredenheidsonderzoeken	klanttevredenheidsonderzoek:n
klanttevredenheidsonderzoekje	klanttevredenheidsonderzoek:n
tevredenheidsonderzoeken	tevredenheidsonderzoek:n
tevredenheidsonderzoekje	tevredenheidsonderzoek:n
ziektekostenverzekeringsmaatschappijen	ziektekostenverzekeringsmaatschappij:n
ziektekostenverzekeringsmaatschappijtje	ziektekostenverzekeringsmaatschappij:n
pielemannen	pieleman:n
pielemannetje	pieleman:n
pielemans	pieleman:n
rondvlieg	rondvliegen:v
rondvloog	rondvliegen:v
rondvliegt	rondvliegen:v
rondvlogen	rondvliegen:v
rondvliegend	rondvliegen:v
rondgevlogen	rondvliegen:v
privélevens	privéleven:n
privéleventje	privéleven:n
rechercheer	rechercheren:v
rechercheerde	rechercheren:v
rechercheert	rechercheren:v
rechercheerden	rechercheren:v
rechercherend	rechercheren:v
gerechercheerd	rechercheren:v
eerbiedigingen	eerbiediging:n
familielevens	familieleven:n
familieleventje	familieleven:n
gezinslevens	gezinsleven:n
gezinsleventje	gezinsleven:n
toezie	toezien:v
toezag	toezien:v
toeziet	toezien:v
toezagen	toezien:v
toeziend	toezien:v
toegezien	toezien:v
zwangeren	zwangere:n
trainingsdoeleinden	trainingsdoeleinde:n
trainingsdoeleindes	trainingsdoeleinde:n
omkleedruimten	omkleedruimte:n
omkleedruimtes	omkleedruimte:n
toetsingskaders	toetsingskader:n
proefprocessen	proefproces:n
totstandkomingen	totstandkoming:n
video-opnamen	video-opname:n
video-opnames	video-opname:n
stukadoor	stukadoren:v
stukadoorde	stukadoren:v
stukadoort	stukadoren:v
stukadoorden	stukadoren:v
stukadorend	stukadoren:v
gestukadoord	stukadoren:v
kantonrechters	kantonrechter:n
afstuur	afsturen:v
afstuurde	afsturen:v
afstuurt	afsturen:v
afstuurden	afsturen:v
afsturend	afsturen:v
afgestuurd	afsturen:v
lederwaren	lederwaar:n
onrechtmatiger	onrechtmatig:a
onrechtmatigst	onrechtmatig:a
onrechtmatige	onrechtmatig:a
onrechtmatigere	onrechtmatig:a
onrechtmatigste	onrechtmatig:a
optieken	optiek:n
optiekje	optiek:n
rijhuizen	rijhuis:n
rijhuisje	rijhuis:n
oppep	oppeppen:v
oppepte	oppeppen:v
oppept	oppeppen:v
oppepten	oppeppen:v
oppeppend	oppeppen:v
opgepept	oppeppen:v
duivelsadvocaten	duivelsadvocaat:n
duivelsadvocaatje	duivelsadvocaat:n
lievelingskleurs	lievelingskleur:n
lievelingskleurtje	lievelingskleur:n
verjaardagscadeaus	verjaardagscadeau:n
verjaardagscadeautje	verjaardagscadeau:n
kransmuren	kransmuur:n
kransmuurtje	kransmuur:n
tornooien	tornooi:n
tornooitje	tornooi:n
cupmaten	cupmaat:n
cupmaatje	cupmaat:n
naanbroden	naanbrood:n
zooveel	zoveel:t|zoveel:r
zoveeljarige	zoveeljarig:a
struikhei	struikheide:n
kraaihei	kraaiheide:n
klaplongen	klaplong:n
klaplongetje	klaplong:n
rondingen	ronding:n
rondinkje	ronding:n
veeljarige	veeljarig:a
langjariger	langjarig:a
langjarigst	langjarig:a
langjarige	langjarig:a
langjarigere	langjarig:a
langjarigste	langjarig:a
verkond	verkonden:v
verkondde	verkonden:v
verkondt	verkonden:v
verkondden	verkonden:v
verkondend	verkonden:v
slappelingen	slappeling:n
slappelinkje	slappeling:n
huis-aan-huisbezoeken	huis-aan-huisbezoek:n
huis-aan-huisbezoekje	huis-aan-huisbezoek:n
huis-aan-huisbladen	huis-aan-huisblad:n
huis-aan-huisblaadje	huis-aan-huisblad:n
huis-aan-huiskranten	huis-aan-huiskrant:n
huis-aan-huiskrantje	huis-aan-huiskrant:n
huis-aan-huiscollecten	huis-aan-huiscollecte:n
huis-aan-huiscollectes	huis-aan-huiscollecte:n
huis-aan-huisinzamelingen	huis-aan-huisinzameling:n
huis-aan-huisreclames	huis-aan-huisreclame:n
huis-aan-huisverkopers	huis-aan-huisverkoper:n
huis-aan-huisverkopertje	huis-aan-huisverkoper:n
deur-aan-deurverkopers	deur-aan-deurverkoper:n
deur-aan-deurverkopertje	deur-aan-deurverkoper:n
ontmastingen	ontmasting:n
ontmastinkje	ontmasting:n
wegkom	wegkomen:v
wegkwam	wegkomen:v
wegkomt	wegkomen:v
wegkwamen	wegkomen:v
wegkomend	wegkomen:v
weggekomen	wegkomen:v
Holocaustoverlevenden	Holocaustoverlevende:n
ieliger	ielig:a
ieligst	ielig:a
ielige	ielig:a
ieligere	ielig:a
ieligste	ielig:a
belangrijks	belangrijk:a
zamel	zamelen:v
zamelde	zamelen:v
zamelt	zamelen:v
zamelden	zamelen:v
zamelend	zamelen:v
gezameld	zamelen:v
snotgare	snotgaar:a
snotlappen	snotlap:n
snotlapje	snotlap:n
snotter	snotteren:v
snotterde	snotteren:v
snottert	snotteren:v
snotterden	snotteren:v
snotterend	snotteren:v
gesnotterd	snotteren:v
snottiger	snottig:a
snottigst	snottig:a
snottige	snottig:a
snottigere	snottig:a
snottigste	snottig:a
chocolade-eclairs	chocolade-eclair:n
danslessen	dansles:n
danslesje	dansles:n
familiediners	familiediner:n
familiedinertje	familiediner:n
stapelbare	stapelbaar:a
opstapelbaarder	opstapelbaar:a
opstapelbare	opstapelbaar:a
opstapelbaardere	opstapelbaar:a
opstapelbaarste	opstapelbaar:a
chocolade-ijsje	chocolade-ijs:n
koffie-ijsje	koffie-ijs:n
inaccurater	inaccuraat:a
inaccuraatst	inaccuraat:a
inaccurate	inaccuraat:a
inaccuratere	inaccuraat:a
inaccuraatste	inaccuraat:a
achtergrondgeluiden	achtergrondgeluid:n
achtergrondgeluidje	achtergrondgeluid:n
baanvakken	baanvak:n
baanvakje	baanvak:n
benevel	benevelen:v
benevelde	benevelen:v
benevelt	benevelen:v
benevelden	benevelen:v
benevelend	benevelen:v
beneveld	benevelen:v
vernevel	vernevelen:v
vernevelde	vernevelen:v
vernevelt	vernevelen:v
vernevelden	vernevelen:v
vernevelend	vernevelen:v
verneveld	vernevelen:v
vernevelaars	vernevelaar:n
vernevelaartje	vernevelaar:n
vernevelapparaten	vernevelapparaat:n
vernevelapparaatje	vernevelapparaat:n
alleskunners	alleskunner:n
alleskunnertje	alleskunner:n
antipsychotica	antipsychoticum:n
stomkoppen	stomkop:n
stomkopje	stomkop:n
hogedrukreinigers	hogedrukreiniger:n
hogedrukreinigertje	hogedrukreiniger:n
hogedrukspuiten	hogedrukspuit:n
hogedrukspuitje	hogedrukspuit:n
allesbeheersende	allesbeheersend:a
allesbepalende	allesbepalend:a
allesbeslissende	allesbeslissend:a
allesdoordringende	allesdoordringend:a
allesoverheersende	allesoverheersend:a
allesoverstijgende	allesoverstijgend:a
allesovertreffende	allesovertreffend:a
allesoverwinnende	allesoverwinnend:a
allesverhullende	allesverhullend:a
allesverklarende	allesverklarend:a
allesverlammende	allesverlammend:a
allesvernietigende	allesvernietigend:a
allesverwoestende	allesverwoestend:a
allesverslindende	allesverslindend:a
allesverterende	allesverterend:a
alleswetende	alleswetend:a
alleszeggende	alleszeggend:a
allesziende	allesziend:a
alziende	alziend:a
bijziende	bijziend:a
verziende	verziend:a
ganzenbloemen	ganzenbloem:n
ganzenbloempje	ganzenbloem:n
bolderiken	bolderik:n
bolderikje	bolderik:n
bleekgeler	bleekgeel:a
bleekgeelst	bleekgeel:a
bleekgele	bleekgeel:a
bleekgelere	bleekgeel:a
bleekgeelste	bleekgeel:a
tgv's	tgv:n
tgv'tje	tgv:n
roodbuiktamarins	roodbuiktamarin:n
roodbuiktamarinnetje	roodbuiktamarin:n
keizertamarins	keizertamarin:n
keizertamarinnetje	keizertamarin:n
rugbywedstrijden	rugbywedstrijd:n
nieuwigheden	nieuwigheid:n
nieuwigheidje	nieuwigheid:n
moduul	module:n
modulairder	modulair:a
modulairst	modulair:a
modulaire	modulair:a
modulairdere	modulair:a
modulairste	modulair:a
modulariteiten	modulariteit:n
leesboeken	leesboek:n
leesboekje	leesboek:n
oesterzwammen	oesterzwam:n
oesterzwammetje	oesterzwam:n
schedelpannen	schedelpan:n
schedelpannetje	schedelpan:n
wiskundelessen	wiskundeles:n
wiskundeleraressen	wiskundelerares:n
wiskundeboeken	wiskundeboek:n
wiskundeboekje	wiskundeboek:n
rugbyteams	rugbyteam:n
bruiswaters	bruiswater:n
bruiswatertje	bruiswater:n
streepzaden	streepzaad:n
streepzaadje	streepzaad:n
godverdomde	godverdomd:a
paspoortnummers	paspoortnummer:n
paspoortnummertje	paspoortnummer:n
klieder	kliederen:v
kliederde	kliederen:v
kliedert	kliederen:v
kliederden	kliederen:v
kliederend	kliederen:v
gekliederd	kliederen:v
handbreedten	handbreedte:n
exploraties	exploratie:n
exploratietje	exploratie:n
vorstenlanden	vorstenland:n
cessies	cessie:n
melkgeiten	melkgeit:n
melkgeitje	melkgeit:n
melkschapen	melkschaap:n
melkschaapje	melkschaap:n
melkbuffels	melkbuffel:n
melkbuffeltje	melkbuffel:n
zaligverklaringen	zaligverklaring:n
zaligverklarinkje	zaligverklaring:n
yogaleraars	yogaleraar:n
yogaleraren	yogaleraar:n
ijskramen	ijskraam:n
ijskraampje	ijskraam:n
voorprogrammeer	voorprogrammeren:v
voorprogrammeerde	voorprogrammeren:v
voorprogrammeert	voorprogrammeren:v
voorprogrammeerden	voorprogrammeren:v
voorprogrammerend	voorprogrammeren:v
voorgeprogrammeerd	voorprogrammeren:v
hulpbehoevenden	hulpbehoevende:n
hulpbehoevende	hulpbehoevend:a
hulpbehoevender	hulpbehoevend:a
hulpbehoevendst	hulpbehoevend:a
hulpbehoevendere	hulpbehoevend:a
hulpbehoevendste	hulpbehoevend:a
techboys	techboy:n
haarfijne	haarfijn:a
rijksraden	rijksraad:n
rijksraadje	rijksraad:n
rekenkrachten	rekenkracht:n
nabootsingen	nabootsing:n
schemerlampen	schemerlamp:n
schemerlampje	schemerlamp:n
mpp	mapangpang:n
rakel	rakelen:v
rakelde	rakelen:v
rakelt	rakelen:v
rakelden	rakelen:v
rakelend	rakelen:v
gerakeld	rakelen:v
makel	makelen:v
makelde	makelen:v
makelt	makelen:v
makelden	makelen:v
makelend	makelen:v
gemakeld	makelen:v
schakeer	schakeren:v
schakeerde	schakeren:v
schakeert	schakeren:v
schakeerden	schakeren:v
schakerend	schakeren:v
geschakeerd	schakeren:v
geschakeerder	geschakeerd:a
geschakeerdst	geschakeerd:a
geschakeerde	geschakeerd:a
geschakeerdere	geschakeerd:a
geschakeerdste	geschakeerd:a
neurodiverse	neurodivers:a
plustekens	plusteken:n
plustekentje	plusteken:n
mintekens	minteken:n
mintekentje	minteken:n
minustekens	minusteken:n
minustekentje	minusteken:n
plusminustekens	plusminusteken:n
plusminustekentje	plusminusteken:n
keertekens	keerteken:n
keertekentje	keerteken:n
vermenigvuldigingstekens	vermenigvuldigingsteken:n
vermenigvuldigingstekentje	vermenigvuldigingsteken:n
vermenigvuldigingsfactoren	vermenigvuldigingsfactor:n
vermenigvuldigingsfactortje	vermenigvuldigingsfactor:n
gelijktekens	gelijkteken:n
gelijktekentje	gelijkteken:n
isgelijktekens	isgelijkteken:n
isgelijktekentje	isgelijkteken:n
istekens	isteken:n
istekentje	isteken:n
is-gelijkteken	isgelijkteken:n
keizersbomen	keizersboom:n
keizersboompje	keizersboom:n
altsaxofoons	altsaxofoon:n
altsaxofoontje	altsaxofoon:n
voorwereldlijker	voorwereldlijk:a
voorwereldlijkst	voorwereldlijk:a
voorwereldlijke	voorwereldlijk:a
voorwereldlijkere	voorwereldlijk:a
voorwereldlijkste	voorwereldlijk:a
spoelkommen	spoelkom:n
spoelkommetje	spoelkom:n
kamvarens	kamvaren:n
kamvarentje	kamvaren:n
niervarens	niervaren:n
niervarentje	niervaren:n
mannetjesvarens	mannetjesvaren:n
mannetjesvarentje	mannetjesvaren:n
wijfjesvarens	wijfjesvaren:n
wijfjesvarentje	wijfjesvaren:n
hoefijzervarens	hoefijzervaren:n
hoefijzervarentje	hoefijzervaren:n
hertshoornvarens	hertshoornvaren:n
hertshoornvarentje	hertshoornvaren:n
petieteriger	petieterig:a
petieterigst	petieterig:a
petieterige	petieterig:a
petieterigere	petieterig:a
petieterigste	petieterig:a
guldentekens	guldenteken:n
guldentekentje	guldenteken:n
pondtekens	pondteken:n
pondtekentje	pondteken:n
worteltekens	wortelteken:n
worteltekentje	wortelteken:n
procenttekens	procentteken:n
procenttekentje	procentteken:n
paragraaftekens	paragraafteken:n
paragraaftekentje	paragraafteken:n
herstellingstekens	herstellingsteken:n
herstellingstekentje	herstellingsteken:n
morsecodes	morsecode:n
morsecodetje	morsecode:n
morsetekens	morseteken:n
morsetekentje	morseteken:n
decimaaltekens	decimaalteken:n
decimaaltekentje	decimaalteken:n
afbrekingstekens	afbrekingsteken:n
afbrekingstekentje	afbrekingsteken:n
afbrekingen	afbreking:n
zwangerschapsafbrekingen	zwangerschapsafbreking:n
navuil	navuilen:v
navuilde	navuilen:v
navuilt	navuilen:v
navuilden	navuilen:v
navuilend	navuilen:v
nagevuild	navuilen:v
geëvacueerden	geëvacueerde:n
oorpijnen	oorpijn:n
keukenkasten	keukenkast:n
keukenkastje	keukenkast:n
spilfiguren	spilfiguur:n
postviraale	postviraal:a
vredestekens	vredesteken:n
vredestekenen	vredesteken:n
vredestekentje	vredesteken:n
peacetekens	peaceteken:n
V-tekens	V-teken:n
V-tekentje	V-teken:n
vredessymbolen	vredessymbool:n
vredessymbooltje	vredessymbool:n
munttekens	muntteken:n
muntmeestertekens	muntmeesterteken:n
muntmeestertekentje	muntmeesterteken:n
muntmeesters	muntmeester:n
muntmeestertje	muntmeester:n
essayeer	essayeren:v
essayeerde	essayeren:v
essayeert	essayeren:v
essayeerden	essayeren:v
essayerend	essayeren:v
geëssayeerd	essayeren:v
essayeringen	essayering:n
assayeeren	essayeren:v
essayeeren	essayeren:v
essaieren	essayeren:v
essaieeren	essayeren:v
essaaieren	essayeren:v
assaieur	essayeur:n
assayeur	essayeur:n
essaieur	essayeur:n
assaieering	essayering:n
essaieering	essayering:n
essayeering	essayering:n
teeken	teken:n
drum	drummen:v
drumde	drummen:v
drumt	drummen:v
drumden	drummen:v
drummend	drummen:v
gedrumd	drummen:v
gitaarlessen	gitaarles:n
herontdek	herontdekken:v
herontdekte	herontdekken:v
herontdekt	herontdekken:v
herontdekten	herontdekken:v
herontdekkend	herontdekken:v
projectcoördinatoren	projectcoördinator:n
projectcoördinators	projectcoördinator:n
opvraag	opvragen:v
opvroeg	opvragen:v
opvraagt	opvragen:v
opvroegen	opvragen:v
opvragend	opvragen:v
opgevraagd	opvragen:v
vastpak	vastpakken:v
vastpakte	vastpakken:v
vastpakt	vastpakken:v
vastpakten	vastpakken:v
vastpakkend	vastpakken:v
vastgepakt	vastpakken:v
eindpresentaties	eindpresentatie:n
ziekenhuiskamers	ziekenhuiskamer:n
ziekenhuiskamertje	ziekenhuiskamer:n
doorontwikkel	doorontwikkelen:v
doorontwikkelde	doorontwikkelen:v
doorontwikkelt	doorontwikkelen:v
doorontwikkelden	doorontwikkelen:v
doorontwikkelend	doorontwikkelen:v
doorontwikkeld	doorontwikkelen:v
horrorscenario's	horrorscenario:n
afstorm	afstormen:v
afstormde	afstormen:v
afstormt	afstormen:v
afstormden	afstormen:v
afstormend	afstormen:v
afgestormd	afstormen:v
dergelijke	dergelijk:t
onopgemerkter	onopgemerkt:a
onopgemerktst	onopgemerkt:a
onopgemerkte	onopgemerkt:a
onopgemerktere	onopgemerkt:a
onopgemerktste	onopgemerkt:a
binnensleep	binnenslepen:v
binnensleepte	binnenslepen:v
binnensleept	binnenslepen:v
binnensleepten	binnenslepen:v
binnenslepend	binnenslepen:v
binnengesleept	binnenslepen:v
patenttrollen	patenttrol:n
rechtssystemen	rechtssysteem:n
patentzaken	patentzaak:n
prokaryotische	prokaryotisch:a
anonimiseer	anonimiseren:v
anonimiseerde	anonimiseren:v
anonimiseert	anonimiseren:v
anonimiseerden	anonimiseren:v
anonimiserend	anonimiseren:v
geanonimiseerd	anonimiseren:v
beklemtoningen	beklemtoning:n
beklemtoninkje	beklemtoning:n
blazoenen	blazoen:n
blazoentje	blazoen:n
fatsoeneer	fatsoeneren:v
fatsoeneerde	fatsoeneren:v
fatsoeneert	fatsoeneren:v
fatsoeneerden	fatsoeneren:v
fatsoenerend	fatsoeneren:v
gefatsoeneerd	fatsoeneren:v
keurtekens	keurteken:n
keurtekentje	keurteken:n
gehaltetekens	gehalteteken:n
gehaltetekentje	gehalteteken:n
kantoortekens	kantoorteken:n
kantoortekentje	kantoorteken:n
meestertekens	meesterteken:n
meestertekentje	meesterteken:n
camptoir	kantoor:n
comtoor	kantoor:n
cantoor	kantoor:n
cantoir	kantoor:n
komptoor	kantoor:n
komptoir	kantoor:n
komtoor	kantoor:n
komtoir	kantoor:n
kamtoor	kantoor:n
kontoor	kantoor:n
kontoir	kantoor:n
losch	los:n
handt	hand:n
aequivalentie	equivalentie:n
kolibrievlinders	kolibrievlinder:n
kolibrievlindertje	kolibrievlinder:n
zwaardkolibries	zwaardkolibrie:n
zwaardkolibrietje	zwaardkolibrie:n
bekistingen	bekisting:n
bekistinkje	bekisting:n
jaarletters	jaarletter:n
jaarlettertje	jaarletter:n
jaarmerken	jaarmerk:n
jaarmerkje	jaarmerk:n
jaartekens	jaarteken:n
jaartekentje	jaarteken:n
beeldmerken	beeldmerk:n
beeldmerkje	beeldmerk:n
onvermijdelijkheden	onvermijdelijkheid:n
koperertsen	kopererts:n
koperertsje	kopererts:n
bepakkingen	bepakking:n
bepakkinkje	bepakking:n
afzwakkingen	afzwakking:n
afzwakkinkje	afzwakking:n
verzwakkingen	verzwakking:n
verzwakkinkje	verzwakking:n
afvlakkingen	afvlakking:n
afvlakkinkje	afvlakking:n
monnikenwerken	monnikenwerk:n
monnikenwerkje	monnikenwerk:n
verlucht	verluchten:v
verluchtte	verluchten:v
verluchtten	verluchten:v
verluchtend	verluchten:v
zilvervisjes	zilvervisje:n
linkerarmen	linkerarm:n
linkerarmpje	linkerarm:n
muzikantes	muzikante:n
pretpalen	pretpaal:n
pretpaaltje	pretpaal:n
zandhazen	zandhaas:n
zandhaasje	zandhaas:n
stroboscopische	stroboscopisch:a
dossiervreters	dossiervreter:n
dossiervretertje	dossiervreter:n
krulvarens	krulvaren:n
krulvarentje	krulvaren:n
Bostonvarens	Bostonvaren:n
Bostonvarentje	Bostonvaren:n
jandoedels	jandoedel:n
jandoedeltje	jandoedel:n
droedels	droedel:n
droedeltje	droedel:n
droedel	droedelen:v
droedelde	droedelen:v
droedelt	droedelen:v
droedelden	droedelen:v
droedelend	droedelen:v
gedroedeld	droedelen:v
poedel	poedelen:v
poedelde	poedelen:v
poedelt	poedelen:v
poedelden	poedelen:v
poedelend	poedelen:v
gepoedeld	poedelen:v
platvloerser	platvloers:a
platvloerst	platvloers:a
platvloerse	platvloers:a
platvloersere	platvloers:a
platvloerste	platvloers:a
nestvarens	nestvaren:n
nestvarentje	nestvaren:n
zeealsems	zeealsem:n
bankmedewerkers	bankmedewerker:n
heemwee	heimwee:n
fotoshops	fotoshop:n
fotoshopje	fotoshop:n
onserieuzer	onserieus:a
onserieust	onserieus:a
onserieuze	onserieus:a
onserieuzere	onserieus:a
onserieuste	onserieus:a
seriositeiten	seriositeit:n
bloedserieuze	bloedserieus:a
doodserieuze	doodserieus:a
lesauto's	lesauto:n
lesautootje	lesauto:n
tusschenuit	tussenuit:p
wasbeurten	wasbeurt:n
wasbeurtje	wasbeurt:n
boerkini's	boerkini:n
boerkiniverboden	boerkiniverbod:n
klaarleg	klaarleggen:v
klaarlegde	klaarleggen:v
klaarlegt	klaarleggen:v
klaarlegden	klaarleggen:v
klaarleggend	klaarleggen:v
klaargelegd	klaarleggen:v
muziekbands	muziekband:n
muziekbandje	muziekband:n
kump	komen:v
cakewalkte	cakewalken:v
cakewalkt	cakewalken:v
cakewalkten	cakewalken:v
cakewalkend	cakewalken:v
gecakewalkt	cakewalken:v
ontklinker	ontklinkeren:v
ontklinkerde	ontklinkeren:v
ontklinkert	ontklinkeren:v
ontklinkerden	ontklinkeren:v
ontklinkerend	ontklinkeren:v
ontklinkerd	ontklinkeren:v
smalbuikjes	smalbuikje:n
mierenjagers	mierenjager:n
mierenjagertje	mierenjager:n
reuzenplaneten	reuzenplaneet:n
reuzenplaneetje	reuzenplaneet:n
grasslangen	grasslang:n
grasslangetje	grasslang:n
hikete	hiken:v
hiket	hiken:v
hiketen	hiken:v
hikend	hiken:v
gehiket	hiken:v
haarnetten	haarnet:n
haarnetje	haarnet:n
haargels	haargel:n
dierenverblijven	dierenverblijf:n
dierenverblijfje	dierenverblijf:n
gereedhou	gereedhouden:v
gereedhoud	gereedhouden:v
gereedhield	gereedhouden:v
gereedhoudt	gereedhouden:v
gereedhielden	gereedhouden:v
gereedhoudend	gereedhouden:v
gereedgehouden	gereedhouden:v
bekbedekkers	bekbedekker:n
bekbedekkertje	bekbedekker:n
noncha	nonchalant:a
scherptediepten	scherptediepte:n
scherptedieptes	scherptediepte:n
kwari's	kwari:n
gedragsstoornissen	gedragsstoornis:n
goejaves	goejave:n
goejaven	goejave:n
goejavetje	goejave:n
falikant	faliekant:d
beeldwitten	beeldwit:n
beeldwitje	beeldwit:n
mastiekbomen	mastiekboom:n
mastiekboompje	mastiekboom:n
inzink	inzinken:v
inzonk	inzinken:v
inzinkt	inzinken:v
inzonken	inzinken:v
inzinkend	inzinken:v
ingezonken	inzinken:v
neerhouders	neerhouder:n
neerhoudertje	neerhouder:n
kraanlijnen	kraanlijn:n
kraanlijntje	kraanlijn:n
notoirder	notoir:a
notoirst	notoir:a
notoire	notoir:a
notoirdere	notoir:a
notoirste	notoir:a
zeelathyrussen	zeelathyrus:n
zeelathyrusje	zeelathyrus:n
aanschakel	aanschakelen:v
aanschakelde	aanschakelen:v
aanschakelt	aanschakelen:v
aanschakelden	aanschakelen:v
aanschakelend	aanschakelen:v
aangeschakeld	aanschakelen:v
zondagmiddagen	zondagmiddag:n
zondagmiddagje	zondagmiddag:n
rampzaligers	rampzalig:a
rampzaligs	rampzalig:a
zwanenhalsmossels	zwanenhalsmossel:n
zwanenhalsmosseltje	zwanenhalsmossel:n
landvasten	landvast:n
landvastje	landvast:n
diuretischer	diuretisch:a
diuretischt	diuretisch:a
diuretische	diuretisch:a
diuretischere	diuretisch:a
diuretischte	diuretisch:a
diuretica	diureticum:n
diureticumpje	diureticum:n
volschepen	volschip:n
volscheepje	volschip:n
reuzenkraken	reuzenkraak:n
reuzenkraakje	reuzenkraak:n
vorstenlandje	vorstenland:n
pizza-avonden	pizza-avond:n
buskaartje	buskaart:n
buskaartjes	buskaartje:n
buskaarten	buskaart:n
theaterstukken	theaterstuk:n
theaterstukje	theaterstuk:n
stadsgidsen	stadsgids:n
stadsgidsje	stadsgids:n
incasterns	incastern:n
incasterntje	incastern:n
bustickets	busticket:n
busticketje	busticket:n
afkruid	afkruiden:v
afkruidde	afkruiden:v
afkruidt	afkruiden:v
afkruidden	afkruiden:v
afkruidend	afkruiden:v
afgekruid	afkruiden:v
zwartbuikfluiteenden	zwartbuikfluiteend:n
zwartbuikfluiteendje	zwartbuikfluiteend:n
trigger	triggeren:v
triggerde	triggeren:v
triggert	triggeren:v
triggerden	triggeren:v
triggerend	triggeren:v
getriggerd	triggeren:v
zaterdagmiddagen	zaterdagmiddag:n
zaterdagmiddagje	zaterdagmiddag:n
honderdjarige	honderdjarig:a
hsl	hogesnelheidslijn:n
taxiritten	taxirit:n
taxiritje	taxirit:n
wegbeschrijvingen	wegbeschrijving:n
kleinsteedser	kleinsteeds:a
kleinsteedst	kleinsteeds:a
kleinsteedse	kleinsteeds:a
kleinsteedsere	kleinsteeds:a
kleinsteedste	kleinsteeds:a
kleinsteedsch	kleinsteeds:a
grootsteedser	grootsteeds:a
grootsteedst	grootsteeds:a
grootsteedse	grootsteeds:a
grootsteedsere	grootsteeds:a
grootsteedste	grootsteeds:a
grootsteedsch	grootsteeds:a
pijnstillender	pijnstillend:a
pijnstillendst	pijnstillend:a
pijnstillende	pijnstillend:a
pijnstillendere	pijnstillend:a
pijnstillendste	pijnstillend:a
kunststukken	kunststuk:n
kunststukje	kunststuk:n
stadspleinen	stadsplein:n
stadspleintje	stadsplein:n
zelfscan	zelfscannen:v
zelfscande	zelfscannen:v
zelfscant	zelfscannen:v
zelfscanden	zelfscannen:v
zelfscannend	zelfscannen:v
gezelfscand	zelfscannen:v
zelfscans	zelfscan:n
zelfscannetje	zelfscan:n
zelfscanners	zelfscanner:n
zelfscannertje	zelfscanner:n
zelfscankassa's	zelfscankassa:n
zelfscansystemen	zelfscansysteem:n
zelfscansysteempje	zelfscansysteem:n
fruitsalades	fruitsalade:n
fruitsaladetje	fruitsalade:n
fruitsalaadje	fruitsalade:n
paaldanseres	paaldanser:n
ver-van-mijn-bedshows	ver-van-mijn-bedshow:n
ver-van-mijn-bedshowtje	ver-van-mijn-bedshow:n
ver-van-mijn-bed-show	ver-van-mijn-bedshow:n
ver-van-je-bedshows	ver-van-je-bedshow:n
ver-van-je-bedshowtje	ver-van-je-bedshow:n
ver-van-je-bed-show	ver-van-je-bedshow:n
voorzangers	voorzanger:n
voorzangertje	voorzanger:n
lodderiger	lodderig:a
lodderigst	lodderig:a
lodderige	lodderig:a
lodderigere	lodderig:a
lodderigste	lodderig:a
lodder	lodderen:v
lodderde	lodderen:v
loddert	lodderen:v
lodderden	lodderen:v
lodderend	lodderen:v
gelodderd	lodderen:v
V-halzen	V-hals:n
V-halsje	V-hals:n
heggenwikkes	heggenwikke:n
ringelwikkes	ringelwikke:n
librijen	librije:n
librijetje	librije:n
geitenbaarden	geitenbaard:n
geitenbaardje	geitenbaard:n
muurnavels	muurnavel:n
muurnaveltje	muurnavel:n
waternavels	waternavel:n
waternaveltje	waternavel:n
spionagenetwerken	spionagenetwerk:n
musealer	museaal:a
museaalst	museaal:a
museale	museaal:a
musealere	museaal:a
museaalste	museaal:a
musealiseer	musealiseren:v
musealiseerde	musealiseren:v
musealiseert	musealiseren:v
musealiseerden	musealiseren:v
musealiserend	musealiseren:v
gemusealiseerd	musealiseren:v
onmuseale	onmuseaal:a
openluchtmusea	openluchtmuseum:n
openluchtmuseums	openluchtmuseum:n
openluchtmuseumpje	openluchtmuseum:n
bruiloftsdagen	bruiloftsdag:n
bruiloftsdagje	bruiloftsdag:n
trouwfeesten	trouwfeest:n
trouwfeestje	trouwfeest:n
schunnigs	schunnig:a
dringends	dringend:a
reflexieve	reflexief:a
reflexiever	reflexief:a
reflexiefst	reflexief:a
reflexievere	reflexief:a
reflexiefste	reflexief:a
afzienbaarder	afzienbaar:a
afzienbaarst	afzienbaar:a
afzienbaare	afzienbaar:a
afzienbaardere	afzienbaar:a
afzienbaarste	afzienbaar:a
seizoengebonden	seizoensgebonden:a
tonderzwammen	tonderzwam:n
tonderzwammetje	tonderzwam:n
blaaskakeriger	blaaskakerig:a
blaaskakerigst	blaaskakerig:a
blaaskakerige	blaaskakerig:a
blaaskakerigere	blaaskakerig:a
blaaskakerigste	blaaskakerig:a
boskalkoenen	boskalkoen:n
boskalkoentje	boskalkoen:n
liefdegrassen	liefdegras:n
smellekens	smelleken:n
atletischer	atletisch:a
atletischt	atletisch:a
atletische	atletisch:a
atletischere	atletisch:a
atletischte	atletisch:a
vorkstaartmeeuwen	vorkstaartmeeuw:n
vorkstaartmeeuwtje	vorkstaartmeeuw:n
knolselderijen	knolselderij:n
knolselderijtje	knolselderij:n
impulsiefer	impulsief:a
impulsiefst	impulsief:a
impulsiefe	impulsief:a
impulsiefere	impulsief:a
impulsiefste	impulsief:a
slangenwortels	slangenwortel:n
slangenworteltje	slangenwortel:n
grondsterren	grondster:n
grondsterretje	grondster:n
esculaapslangen	esculaapslang:n
esculaapslangetje	esculaapslang:n
regenboogboa's	regenboogboa:n
regenboogboaatje	regenboogboa:n
gemakkelijks	gemakkelijk:a
mieriken	mierik:n
mierikje	mierik:n
krachtsporten	krachtsport:n
krachtsportje	krachtsport:n
nevelachtiger	nevelachtig:a
nevelachtigst	nevelachtig:a
nevelachtige	nevelachtig:a
nevelachtigere	nevelachtig:a
nevelachtigste	nevelachtig:a
nebuleuser	nebuleus:a
nebuleust	nebuleus:a
nebuleuse	nebuleus:a
nebuleusere	nebuleus:a
nebuleuste	nebuleus:a
bubbel	bubbelen:v
bubbelde	bubbelen:v
bubbelt	bubbelen:v
bubbelden	bubbelen:v
bubbelend	bubbelen:v
gebubbeld	bubbelen:v
inpalm	inpalmen:v
inpalmde	inpalmen:v
inpalmt	inpalmen:v
inpalmden	inpalmen:v
inpalmend	inpalmen:v
ingepalmd	inpalmen:v
evenbeelden	evenbeeld:n
evenbeeldje	evenbeeld:n
prijziger	prijzig:a
prijzigst	prijzig:a
prijzige	prijzig:a
prijzigere	prijzig:a
prijzigste	prijzig:a
ongerechtigheden	ongerechtigheid:n
ongerechtigheidje	ongerechtigheid:n
gerechtiger	gerechtig:a
gerechtigst	gerechtig:a
gerechtige	gerechtig:a
gerechtigere	gerechtig:a
gerechtigste	gerechtig:a
ongerechtiger	ongerechtig:a
ongerechtigst	ongerechtig:a
ongerechtige	ongerechtig:a
ongerechtigere	ongerechtig:a
ongerechtigste	ongerechtig:a
onrechtvaardiger	onrechtvaardig:a
onrechtvaardigst	onrechtvaardig:a
onrechtvaardige	onrechtvaardig:a
onrechtvaardigere	onrechtvaardig:a
onrechtvaardigste	onrechtvaardig:a
kontgaten	kontgat:n
kontgaatje	kontgat:n
platbuiken	platbuik:n
platbuikje	platbuik:n
zoötomieën	zoötomie:n
zoötomietje	zoötomie:n
beenmergpuncties	beenmergpunctie:n
beenmergpunctietje	beenmergpunctie:n
puncties	punctie:n
punctietje	punctie:n
vruchtwaterpuncties	vruchtwaterpunctie:n
vruchtwaterpunctietje	vruchtwaterpunctie:n
punctueler	punctueel:a
punctueelst	punctueel:a
punctuele	punctueel:a
punctuelere	punctueel:a
punctueelste	punctueel:a
bergkatten	bergkat:n
bergkatje	bergkat:n
terroriseer	terroriseren:v
terroriseerde	terroriseren:v
terroriseert	terroriseren:v
terroriseerden	terroriseren:v
terroriserend	terroriseren:v
geterroriseerd	terroriseren:v
smoelwerken	smoelwerk:n
smoelwerkje	smoelwerk:n
topambtenaren	topambtenaar:n
topambtenaartje	topambtenaar:n
offergaven	offergave:n
offergavetje	offergave:n
reukoffers	reukoffer:n
reukoffertje	reukoffer:n
plaspauzes	plaspauze:n
plaspauzetje	plaspauze:n
ompraat	ompraten:v
ompraatte	ompraten:v
ompraatten	ompraten:v
ompratend	ompraten:v
omgepraat	ompraten:v
doorluchtiger	doorluchtig:a
doorluchtigst	doorluchtig:a
doorluchtige	doorluchtig:a
doorluchtigere	doorluchtig:a
doorluchtigste	doorluchtig:a
dovemansoren	dovemansoor:n
dovemansoortje	dovemansoor:n
moederschoten	moederschoot:n
moederschootje	moederschoot:n
spraakmemo's	spraakmemo:n
spraakmemootje	spraakmemo:n
methodologieën	methodologie:n
methodologietje	methodologie:n
methodieken	methodiek:n
methodiekje	methodiek:n
badhanddoeken	badhanddoek:n
badhanddoekje	badhanddoek:n
fietsenmakers	fietsenmaker:n
fietsenmakertje	fietsenmaker:n
gekmakender	gekmakend:a
gekmakendst	gekmakend:a
gekmakende	gekmakend:a
gekmakendere	gekmakend:a
gekmakendste	gekmakend:a
onverdoofde	onverdoofd:a
doorgewinterder	doorgewinterd:a
doorgewinterdst	doorgewinterd:a
doorgewinterde	doorgewinterd:a
doorgewinterdere	doorgewinterd:a
doorgewinterdste	doorgewinterd:a
ogentroosten	ogentroost:n
ogentroostje	ogentroost:n
stijfkoppen	stijfkop:n
stijfkopje	stijfkop:n
stijfkoppiger	stijfkoppig:a
stijfkoppigst	stijfkoppig:a
stijfkoppige	stijfkoppig:a
stijfkoppigere	stijfkoppig:a
stijfkoppigste	stijfkoppig:a
zuiverheidsgraden	zuiverheidsgraad:n
ontzeggingen	ontzegging:n
ontzegginkje	ontzegging:n
streberiger	streberig:a
streberigst	streberig:a
streberige	streberig:a
streberigere	streberig:a
streberigste	streberig:a
mijnspinnen	mijnspin:n
mijnspinnetje	mijnspin:n
koffieboonspinnen	koffieboonspin:n
koffieboonspinnetje	koffieboonspin:n
brugspinnen	brugspin:n
brugspinnetje	brugspin:n
komkommerspinnen	komkommerspin:n
komkommerspinnetje	komkommerspin:n
kameleonspinnen	kameleonspin:n
kameleonspinnetje	kameleonspin:n
kogelspinnen	kogelspin:n
kogelspinnetje	kogelspin:n
tandkaken	tandkaak:n
tandkaakje	tandkaak:n
steatoda's	steatoda:n
steatodaatje	steatoda:n
opaalsterns	opaalstern:n
opaalsternen	opaalstern:n
opaalsterntje	opaalstern:n
iksterns	ikstern:n
iksternen	ikstern:n
iksterntje	ikstern:n
kassières	kassière:n
kassièretje	kassière:n
kassiers	kassier:n
kassiertje	kassier:n
goudmerels	goudmerel:n
goudmereltje	goudmerel:n
kemphaen	kemphaan:n
aardzwaluwen	aardzwaluw:n
aardzwaluwtje	aardzwaluw:n
aerdzwaluw	aardzwaluw:n
butoren	butoor:n
butoortje	butoor:n
putoor	butoor:n
veldelingen	veldeling:n
veldelinkje	veldeling:n
treitervloggers	treitervlogger:n
treitervloggertje	treitervlogger:n
zeedruiven	zeedruif:n
zeedruifje	zeedruif:n
overvloeds	overvloed:n
overvloede	overvloed:n
treiters	treiter:n
treitertje	treiter:n
vlog	vloggen:v
vlogde	vloggen:v
vlogt	vloggen:v
vlogden	vloggen:v
vloggend	vloggen:v
gevlogd	vloggen:v
overwaardeer	overwaarderen:v
overwaardeerde	overwaarderen:v
overwaardeert	overwaarderen:v
overwaardeerden	overwaarderen:v
overwaarderend	overwaarderen:v
overwaardeerd	overwaarderen:v
rechterop	rechtop:d
aanraakbaarder	aanraakbaar:a
aanraakbaarst	aanraakbaar:a
aanraakbare	aanraakbaar:a
aanraakbaardere	aanraakbaar:a
aanraakbaarste	aanraakbaar:a
onaanraakbaarder	onaanraakbaar:a
onaanraakbaarst	onaanraakbaar:a
onaanraakbare	onaanraakbaar:a
onaanraakbaardere	onaanraakbaar:a
onaanraakbaarste	onaanraakbaar:a
onaanraakbaren	onaanraakbare:n
kiesgerechtigde	kiesgerechtigd:a
kiesgerechtigden	kiesgerechtigde:n
pensioengerechtigde	pensioengerechtigd:a
pensioengerechtigden	pensioengerechtigde:n
mesntrueer	menstrueren:v
mesntrueerde	menstrueren:v
mesntrueert	menstrueren:v
mesntrueerden	menstrueren:v
menstruerend	menstrueren:v
gemesntrueerd	menstrueren:v
logaritmische	logaritmisch:a
logarithmisch	logaritmisch:a
Sokotra	Socotra:m
minderingen	mindering:n
onaantastbaarder	onaantastbaar:a
onaantastbaarst	onaantastbaar:a
onaantastbare	onaantastbaar:a
onaantastbaardere	onaantastbaar:a
onaantastbaarste	onaantastbaar:a
modderbaden	modderbad:n
modderbadje	modderbad:n
aantastbaarder	aantastbaar:a
aantastbaarst	aantastbaar:a
aantastbaare	aantastbaar:a
aantastbaardere	aantastbaar:a
aantastbaarste	aantastbaar:a
modderiger	modderig:a
modderigst	modderig:a
modderige	modderig:a
modderigere	modderig:a
modderigste	modderig:a
mouwloze	mouwloos:a
fraei	fraai:a
fraaij	fraai:a
fraeij	fraai:a
modificaties	modificatie:n
modificatietje	modificatie:n
wasverzachters	wasverzachter:n
wasverzachtertje	wasverzachter:n
folteringen	foltering:n
folterinkje	foltering:n
pijnigingen	pijniging:n
pijniginkje	pijniging:n
zandspieringen	zandspiering:n
zandspierinkje	zandspiering:n
ongevraagder	ongevraagd:a
ongevraagdst	ongevraagd:a
ongevraagde	ongevraagd:a
ongevraagdere	ongevraagd:a
ongevraagdste	ongevraagd:a
onverveerd	onvervaard:a
schakeringen	schakering:n
schakerinkje	schakering:n
geschelpter	geschelpt:a
geschelptst	geschelpt:a
geschelpte	geschelpt:a
geschelptere	geschelpt:a
geschelptste	geschelpt:a
geschubder	geschubd:a
geschubdst	geschubd:a
geschubde	geschubd:a
geschubdere	geschubd:a
geschubdste	geschubd:a
lepelaer	lepelaar:n
humorlozer	humorloos:a
humorloost	humorloos:a
humorloze	humorloos:a
humorlozere	humorloos:a
humorlooste	humorloos:a
dochterondernemingen	dochteronderneming:n
dochteronderneminkje	dochteronderneming:n
galgenmalen	galgenmaal:n
galgenmaaltje	galgenmaal:n
verdorvenheden	verdorvenheid:n
verdorvenheidje	verdorvenheid:n
zwieriger	zwierig:a
zwierigst	zwierig:a
vraagbaken	vraagbaak:n
vraagbaakje	vraagbaak:n
escaperooms	escaperoom:n
escaperoompje	escaperoom:n
gebruikerservaringen	gebruikerservaring:n
beschamender	beschamend:a
beschamendst	beschamend:a
beschamende	beschamend:a
beschamendere	beschamend:a
beschamendste	beschamend:a
dorpels	dorpel:n
dorpeltje	dorpel:n
sportwedstrijden	sportwedstrijd:n
sportwedstrijdje	sportwedstrijd:n
soapseries	soapserie:n
onwrikbaarder	onwrikbaar:a
onwrikbaarst	onwrikbaar:a
onwrikbare	onwrikbaar:a
onwrikbaardere	onwrikbaar:a
onwrikbaarste	onwrikbaar:a
schoonheidsslaapje	schoonheidsslaap:n
maankoeken	maankoek:n
maankoekje	maankoek:n
kukel	kukelen:v
kukelde	kukelen:v
kukelt	kukelen:v
kukelden	kukelen:v
kukelend	kukelen:v
gekukeld	kukelen:v
inkukel	inkukelen:v
inkukelde	inkukelen:v
inkukelt	inkukelen:v
inkukelden	inkukelen:v
inkukelend	inkukelen:v
ingekukeld	inkukelen:v
opperdoezen	opperdoes:n
opperdoesje	opperdoes:n
diëtetische	diëtetisch:a
diëtische	diëtisch:a
diëters	diëter:n
diëtertje	diëter:n
schaakleraars	schaakleraar:n
schaakleraren	schaakleraar:n
netwantsen	netwants:n
netwantsje	netwants:n
niet-rokers	niet-roker:n
vuilbomen	vuilboom:n
vuilboompje	vuilboom:n
vertiktoken	vertiktokken:v
vertiktok	vertiktokken:v
vertiktokte	vertiktokken:v
vertiktokt	vertiktokken:v
vertiktokten	vertiktokken:v
vertiktokend	vertiktokken:v
ontzamel	ontzamelen:v
ontzamelde	ontzamelen:v
ontzamelt	ontzamelen:v
ontzamelden	ontzamelen:v
ontzamelend	ontzamelen:v
ontzameld	ontzamelen:v
anadrome	anadroom:a
lapzwansen	lapzwans:n
lapzwansje	lapzwans:n
breezersletten	breezerslet:n
breezersletje	breezerslet:n
stuurloze	stuurloos:a
aardbeientaarten	aardbeientaart:n
aardbeientaartje	aardbeientaart:n
perentaarten	perentaart:n
perentaartje	perentaart:n
andijviestamppotten	andijviestamppot:n
andijviestamppotje	andijviestamppot:n
stimpestamp	stimpstamp:n
staalslakken	staalslak:n
staalslakje	staalslak:n
horoscopen	horoscoop:n
horoscoopje	horoscoop:n
gyroscopen	gyroscoop:n
gyroscoopje	gyroscoop:n
gyroscopische	gyroscopisch:a
tevredenen	tevredene:n
ontevredenen	ontevredene:n
tevredenstel	tevredenstellen:v
tevredenstelde	tevredenstellen:v
tevredenstelt	tevredenstellen:v
tevredenstelden	tevredenstellen:v
tevredenstellend	tevredenstellen:v
tevredengesteld	tevredenstellen:v
meerook	meeroken:v
meerookte	meeroken:v
meerookt	meeroken:v
meerookten	meeroken:v
meerokend	meeroken:v
meegerookt	meeroken:v
oprook	oproken:v
oprookte	oproken:v
oprookt	oproken:v
oprookten	oproken:v
oprokend	oproken:v
opgerookt	oproken:v
versvoeten	versvoet:n
versvoetje	versvoet:n
laveloze	laveloos:a
laveloost	laveloos:a
lavelozer	laveloos:a
lavelozere	laveloos:a
lavelooste	laveloos:a
laafloos	laveloos:a
Paradys-vogel	Paradijsvogel:m
hoofdredactie's	hoofdredactie:n
hoofdredactietje	hoofdredactie:n
eindredactie's	eindredactie:n
eindredactietje	eindredactie:n
exster	ekster:n
verzorgingshuizen	verzorgingshuis:n
verzorgingshuisje	verzorgingshuis:n
neerzit	neerzitten:v
neerzat	neerzitten:v
neerzaten	neerzitten:v
neerzittend	neerzitten:v
neergezeten	neerzitten:v
nederzitten	neerzitten:v
zuurbessen	zuurbes:n
zuurbesje	zuurbes:n
perverteer	perverteren:v
perverteerde	perverteren:v
perverteert	perverteren:v
perverteerden	perverteren:v
perverterend	perverteren:v
geperverteerd	perverteren:v
afbak	afbakken:v
afbakte	afbakken:v
afbakt	afbakken:v
afbakten	afbakken:v
afbakkend	afbakken:v
afgebakken	afbakken:v
laattijdiger	laattijdig:a
laattijdigst	laattijdig:a
laattijdige	laattijdig:a
laattijdigere	laattijdig:a
laattijdigste	laattijdig:a
pagnotten	pagnot:n
pagnotje	pagnot:n
cichlides	cichlide:n
cichlidetje	cichlide:n
muilbroeders	muilbroeder:n
muilbroedertje	muilbroeder:n
serpelingen	serpeling:n
serpelingetje	serpeling:n
Payottenland	Pajottenland:m
Pajotser	Pajots:a
Pajotst	Pajots:a
Pajotse	Pajots:a
Pajotsere	Pajots:a
Pajotste	Pajots:a
vlotvarens	vlotvaren:n
vlotvarentje	vlotvaren:n
Pajotten	Pajot:n
Pajotje	Pajot:n
addertongen	addertong:n
addertongetje	addertong:n
zalvers	zalver:n
zalvertje	zalver:n
dalvers	dalver:n
dalvertje	dalver:n
struisvarens	struisvaren:n
struisvarentje	struisvaren:n
teut	teuten:v
teutte	teuten:v
teutten	teuten:v
teutend	teuten:v
geteut	teuten:v
ondraaglijk	ondragelijk:a
dauwbramen	dauwbraam:n
koningsboleten	koningsboleet:n
koningsboleetje	koningsboleet:n
kruisdisteloesterzwammen	kruisdisteloesterzwam:n
kruisdisteloesterzwammetje	kruisdisteloesterzwam:n
kruisdistels	kruisdistel:n
kruisdisteltje	kruisdistel:n
crushte	crushen:v
crusht	crushen:v
crushten	crushen:v
crushend	crushen:v
gecrusht	crushen:v
fietssnelwegen	fietssnelweg:n
fietssnelwegje	fietssnelweg:n
doorfiets	doorfietsen:v
doorfietste	doorfietsen:v
doorfietst	doorfietsen:v
doorfietsten	doorfietsen:v
doorfietsend	doorfietsen:v
doorgefietst	doorfietsen:v
afstotelijker	afstotelijk:a
afstotelijkst	afstotelijk:a
afstotelijke	afstotelijk:a
afstotelijkere	afstotelijk:a
afstotelijkste	afstotelijk:a
afstapje	afstap:n
lafbekken	lafbek:n
lafbekje	lafbek:n
afsplits	afsplitsen:v
afsplitste	afsplitsen:v
afsplitst	afsplitsen:v
afsplitsten	afsplitsen:v
afsplitsend	afsplitsen:v
afgesplitst	afsplitsen:v
uitspreekbare	uitspreekbaar:a
aanspreekbare	aanspreekbaar:a
opzie	opzien:v
opzag	opzien:v
opziet	opzien:v
opzagen	opzien:v
opziend	opzien:v
opgezien	opzien:v
opziender	opziener:n
opzienster	opziener:n
opzieneres	opziener:n
omhoogkijk	omhoogkijken:v
omhoogkeek	omhoogkijken:v
omhoogkijkt	omhoogkijken:v
omhoogkeken	omhoogkijken:v
omhoogkijkend	omhoogkijken:v
omhooggekeken	omhoogkijken:v
eindspellen	eindspel:n
eindspelen	eindspel:n
eindspeltje	eindspel:n
eindspeeltje	eindspel:n
middenspellen	middenspel:n
middenspelen	middenspel:n
middenspeltje	middenspel:n
middenspeeltje	middenspel:n
controleurs	controleur:n
controleurtje	controleur:n
Kiekefretters	Kiekefretter:n
Kiekefrettertje	Kiekefretter:n
traumahelikopters	traumahelikopter:n
traumahelikoptertje	traumahelikopter:n
stressfactoren	stressfactor:n
stresseer	stresseren:v
stresseerde	stresseren:v
stresseert	stresseren:v
stresseerden	stresseren:v
stresserend	stresseren:v
gestresseerd	stresseren:v
gestresseerder	gestresseerd:a
gestresseerdst	gestresseerd:a
gestresseerde	gestresseerd:a
gestresseerdere	gestresseerd:a
gestresseerdste	gestresseerd:a
stresserender	stresserend:a
stresserendst	stresserend:a
stresserende	stresserend:a
stresserendere	stresserend:a
stresserendste	stresserend:a
stressbestendiger	stressbestendig:a
stressbestendigst	stressbestendig:a
stressbestendige	stressbestendig:a
stressbestendigere	stressbestendig:a
stressbestendigste	stressbestendig:a
stressgerelateerde	stressgerelateerd:a
kasserollen	kasserol:n
kasserolletje	kasserol:n
proleptische	proleptisch:a
analeptische	analeptisch:a
strategode	strategoën:v
strategoot	strategoën:v
strategoden	strategoën:v
strategoënd	strategoën:v
gestrategood	strategoën:v
stressgevoeliger	stressgevoelig:a
stressgevoeligst	stressgevoelig:a
stressgevoelige	stressgevoelig:a
stressgevoeligere	stressgevoelig:a
stressgevoeligste	stressgevoelig:a
stressvrijer	stressvrij:a
stressvrijst	stressvrij:a
stressvrije	stressvrij:a
stressvrijere	stressvrij:a
stressvrijste	stressvrij:a
stresslozer	stressloos:a
stressloost	stressloos:a
stressloze	stressloos:a
stresslozere	stressloos:a
stresslooste	stressloos:a
stressverlagender	stressverlagend:a
stressverlagendst	stressverlagend:a
stressverlagende	stressverlagend:a
stressverlagendere	stressverlagend:a
stressverlagendste	stressverlagend:a
kruldistels	kruldistel:n
kruldisteltje	kruldistel:n
ongewapende	ongewapend:a
zwansen	zwans:n
zwansje	zwans:n
elzenhaantjes	elzenhaantje:n
struikhaantjes	struikhaantje:n
fabricaten	fabricaat:n
fabricaatje	fabricaat:n
fabrikaat	fabricaat:n
superlatieven	superlatief:n
superlatiefje	superlatief:n
halffabricaten	halffabricaat:n
halffabricaatje	halffabricaat:n
halffabrikaat	halffabricaat:n
geschiedenisleraars	geschiedenisleraar:n
geschiedenisleraren	geschiedenisleraar:n
geschiedenislessen	geschiedenisles:n
geschiedenislesje	geschiedenisles:n
autoproblemen	autoprobleem:n
aardrijkskundeleraressen	aardrijkskundelerares:n
ijdeltuiten	ijdeltuit:n
ijdeltuitje	ijdeltuit:n
leefruimten	leefruimte:n
leefruimtes	leefruimte:n
vluchtnummers	vluchtnummer:n
overnachtingen	overnachting:n
overnachtinkje	overnachting:n
opkikkers	opkikker:n
opkikkertje	opkikker:n
stoofperen	stoofpeer:n
stoofpeertje	stoofpeer:n
handperen	handpeer:n
handpeertje	handpeer:n
solidairiteit	solidariteit:n
solidariteiten	solidariteit:n
geluimde	geluimd:a
kwetter	kwetteren:v
kwetterde	kwetteren:v
kwettert	kwetteren:v
kwetterden	kwetteren:v
kwetterend	kwetteren:v
gekwetterd	kwetteren:v
tetter	tetteren:v
tetterde	tetteren:v
tettert	tetteren:v
tetterden	tetteren:v
tetterend	tetteren:v
getetterd	tetteren:v
schetter	schetteren:v
schetterde	schetteren:v
schettert	schetteren:v
schetterden	schetteren:v
schetterend	schetteren:v
geschetterd	schetteren:v
babbelkonten	babbelkont:n
babbelkontje	babbelkont:n
kletskonten	kletskont:n
kletskontje	kletskont:n
kwebbelkonten	kwebbelkont:n
kwebbelkontje	kwebbelkont:n
vissiger	vissig:a
vissigst	vissig:a
vissige	vissig:a
vissigere	vissig:a
vissigste	vissig:a
replieken	repliek:n
repliekje	repliek:n
compartimenteer	compartimenteren:v
compartimenteerde	compartimenteren:v
compartimenteert	compartimenteren:v
compartimenteerden	compartimenteren:v
compartimenterend	compartimenteren:v
gecompartimenteerd	compartimenteren:v
compartimenteringen	compartimentering:n
compartimenterinkje	compartimentering:n
logees	logee:n
bietsers	bietser:n
bietsertje	bietser:n
onderkruipers	onderkruiper:n
onderkruipertje	onderkruiper:n
stakingsbrekers	stakingsbreker:n
stakingsbrekertje	stakingsbreker:n
stekkerauto's	stekkerauto:n
stekkerautootje	stekkerauto:n
veelkoppige	veelkoppig:a
kartouwen	kartouw:n
kartouwtje	kartouw:n
blaasvarens	blaasvaren:n
blaasvarentje	blaasvaren:n
beduusder	beduusd:a
beduusdst	beduusd:a
beduusde	beduusd:a
beduusdere	beduusd:a
beduusdste	beduusd:a
codenamen	codenaam:n
macaberder	macaber:a
macaberst	macaber:a
macabere	macaber:a
macaberdere	macaber:a
macaberste	macaber:a
oprolpissebedden	oprolpissebed:n
oprolpissebedje	oprolpissebed:n
koffiezaken	koffiezaak:n
pamper	pamperen:v
pamperde	pamperen:v
pampert	pamperen:v
pamperden	pamperen:v
pamperend	pamperen:v
gepamperd	pamperen:v
vertroetelen	troetelen:v
laatkomers	laatkomer:n
laatkomertje	laatkomer:n
ruiterlijker	ruiterlijk:a
ruiterlijkst	ruiterlijk:a
ruiterlijke	ruiterlijk:a
ruiterlijkere	ruiterlijk:a
ruiterlijkste	ruiterlijk:a
gaerne	gaarne:d
volgaerne	volgaarne:d
hoofdprijzen	hoofdprijs:n
hippische	hippisch:a
mestiezen	mesties:n
mestiesje	mesties:n
terceronen	tercerone:n
quarteronen	quarterone:n
quinteronen	quinterone:n
liplappen	liplap:n
liplapje	liplap:n
ontmoetingsplaatsen	ontmoetingsplaats:n
verzamelplaatsen	verzamelplaats:n
waterglijbanen	waterglijbaan:n
linkerschoenen	linkerschoen:n
linkerschoentje	linkerschoen:n
ontsnappingsrouten	ontsnappingsroute:n
ontsnappingsroutes	ontsnappingsroute:n
spannends	spannend:a
zoetwaterkwallen	zoetwaterkwal:n
zoetwaterkwalletje	zoetwaterkwal:n
stokpaarden	stokpaard:n
stokpaardje	stokpaard:n
parelkwallen	parelkwal:n
parelkwalletje	parelkwal:n
schijfkwallen	schijfkwal:n
schijfkwalletje	schijfkwal:n
bloemkoolkwallen	bloemkoolkwal:n
bloemkoolkwalletje	bloemkoolkwal:n
zeepaddenstoelen	zeepaddenstoel:n
zeepaddenstoeltje	zeepaddenstoel:n
breuklijnen	breuklijn:n
breuklijntje	breuklijn:n
handbewegingen	handbeweging:n
handbeweginkje	handbeweging:n
poliepen	poliep:n
poliepje	poliep:n
hydroïdpoliepen	hydroïdpoliep:n
hydroïdpoliepje	hydroïdpoliep:n
bezaantjes	bezaantje:n
zeilkwallen	zeilkwal:n
zeilkwalletje	zeilkwal:n
kruiskwallen	kruiskwal:n
kruiskwalletje	kruiskwal:n
morieljes	morielje:n
morieljetje	morielje:n
chanoekiljes	chanoekilje:n
chanoekiljetje	chanoekilje:n
chanoekiot	chanoekia:n
chanoekia's	chanoekia:n
chanoekiaatje	chanoekia:n
spellenavonden	spellenavond:n
spellenavondje	spellenavond:n
rugbyclubs	rugbyclub:n
rugbyclubje	rugbyclub:n
medechristenen	medechristen:n
medechristentje	medechristen:n
wijnoffers	wijnoffer:n
zondeoffers	zondeoffer:n
zondoffer	zondeoffer:n
kettingsteken	kettingsteek:n
kettingsteekje	kettingsteek:n
pneumatoforen	pneumatofoor:n
pneumatofoortje	pneumatofoor:n
haaknaalden	haaknaald:n
haaknaaldje	haaknaald:n
haaksteken	haaksteek:n
haaksteekje	haaksteek:n
haakpennen	haakpen:n
haakpennetje	haakpen:n
haakgarens	haakgaren:n
haakpatronen	haakpatroon:n
haakpatroontje	haakpatroon:n
haakwerken	haakwerk:n
haakwerkje	haakwerk:n
tennisleraren	tennisleraar:n
tennisleraars	tennisleraar:n
tennisleraartje	tennisleraar:n
tennisclubs	tennisclub:n
tennisclubje	tennisclub:n
hartendieven	hartendief:n
hartendiefje	hartendief:n
hartedief	hartendief:n
pneumatologen	pneumatoloog:n
pneumatoloogje	pneumatoloog:n
toebak	tabak:n
stramienen	stramien:n
stramientje	stramien:n
judasoren	judasoor:n
judasoortje	judasoor:n
anesthetica	anestheticum:n
anestheticumpje	anestheticum:n
anesthesiologen	anesthesioloog:n
anesthesioloogje	anesthesioloog:n
kretologieën	kretologie:n
kretologen	kretoloog:n
kretoloogje	kretoloog:n
kamperfoelies	kamperfoelie:n
kamperfoelietje	kamperfoelie:n
meerderde	meerderen:v
meerdert	meerderen:v
meerderden	meerderen:v
meerderend	meerderen:v
gemeerderd	meerderen:v
meerderingen	meerdering:n
blauwtipjes	blauwtipje:n
harlekijnslakken	harlekijnslak:n
harlekijnslakje	harlekijnslak:n
vogelspinachtiger	vogelspinachtig:a
vogelspinachtigst	vogelspinachtig:a
vogelspinachtige	vogelspinachtig:a
vogelspinachtigere	vogelspinachtig:a
vogelspinachtigste	vogelspinachtig:a
vogelspinachtigen	vogelspinachtige:n
reductiedelingen	reductiedeling:n
kiembladeren	kiemblad:n
kiemblaadje	kiemblad:n
kiemlagen	kiemlaag:n
kiemlaagje	kiemlaag:n
fylogenetische	fylogenetisch:a
tinder	tinderen:v
tinderde	tinderen:v
tindert	tinderen:v
tinderden	tinderen:v
tinderend	tinderen:v
getinderd	tinderen:v
rijpingsdelingen	rijpingsdeling:n
gameten	gameet:n
geslachtscellen	geslachtscel:n
kiemcellen	kiemcel:n
paringstypen	paringstype:n
paringstypes	paringstype:n
zoöxanthellen	zoöxanthel:n
mangrovekwallen	mangrovekwal:n
mangrovekwalletje	mangrovekwal:n
ingenieuzer	ingenieus:a
ingenieust	ingenieus:a
ingenieuze	ingenieus:a
ingenieuzere	ingenieus:a
ingenieuste	ingenieus:a
meeslepender	meeslepend:a
meeslependst	meeslepend:a
meeslepende	meeslepend:a
meeslependere	meeslepend:a
meeslependste	meeslepend:a
overheerschen	overheersen:v
beteekenis	betekenis:n
zooeven	zo-even:d
zooverre	zoverre:d
zoowel	zowel:c
typeerend	typerend:a
praestatie	prestatie:n
hooren	horen:v
reageeren	reageren:v
hoovaardij	hovaardij:n
Grieksch	Grieks:a
verderve	verderf:n
eenig	enig:a
beteekenen	betekenen:v
wensch	wens:n
zoover	zover:d
synthetiseeren	synthetiseren:v
vereering	verering:n
gewenscht	gewenst:a
ongewenscht	ongewenst:a
nuanceering	nuancering:n
toonen	tonen:v
overheersching	overheersing:n
behooren	behoren:v
meening	mening:n
zoozeer	zozeer:d
constateeren	constateren:v
redeneeren	redeneren:v
karakteriseeren	karakteriseren:v
zoodat	zodat:c
beheerschen	beheersen:v
geloovig	gelovig:a
zoodanig	zodanig:d|zodanig:t
qualificatie	kwalificatie:n
integreeren	integreren:v
vreezen	vrezen:v
eenerzijds	enerzijds:d
demonstreeren	demonstreren:v
aantoonen	aantonen:v
individualiseering	individualisering:n
grootschheid	grootsheid:n
vereischen	vereisen:v
intusschen	intussen:d
ondertusschen	ondertussen:d
strooming	stroming:n
eeredienst	eredienst:n
zelfbeheersching	zelfbeheersing:n
tooveren	toveren:v
beleediging	belediging:n
beleedigen	beledigen:v
tooneel	toneel:n
zoolang	zolang:d
menschdom	mensdom:n
passeeren	passeren:v
onnoozel	onnozel:a
heerscher	heerser:n
trotsch	trots:a
schakeering	schakering:n
groepeeren	groeperen:v
Duitsch	Duits:a
schakeeren	schakeren:v
kweeken	kweken:v
slaafsch	slaafs:a
oeconomisch	economisch:a
assimileeren	assimileren:v
beoordeelen	beoordelen:v
oordeelen	oordelen:v
voorloopig	voorlopig:a
stroomen	stromen:v
suggereeren	suggereren:v
corrigeeren	corrigeren:v
paedagogisch	pedagogisch:a
eisch	eis:n
romantiseeren	romantiseren:v
aesthetisch	esthetisch:a
erreg	erg:a|erg:d
errug	erg:a|erg:d
zellef	zelf:d
zelluf	zelf:d
moraliseeren	moraliseren:v
betoovering	betovering:n
cultiveeren	cultiveren:v
verhooging	verhoging:n
verhoogen	verhogen:v
typeeren	typeren:v
vereeren	vereren:v
begeeren	begeren:v
doorloopen	doorlopen:v
compenseeren	compenseren:v
jaloersch	jaloers:a
eenigszins	enigszins:d
veroordeeling	veroordeling:n
motiveeren	motiveren:v
motiveering	motivering:n
vereenigen	verenigen:v
vunziger	vunzig:a
vunzigst	vunzig:a
vunzige	vunzig:a
vunzigere	vunzig:a
vunzigste	vunzig:a
alpijns	Alpijns:a
alpijnser	alpijns:a
alpijnst	alpijns:a
alpijnse	alpijns:a
alpijnsere	alpijns:a
alpijnste	alpijns:a
weidsch	weids:a
teeder	teder:a
catastrophaal	catastrofaal:a
stooten	stoten:v
bekeeren	bekeren:v
bekeering	bekering:n
verstooten	verstoten:v
bestudeeren	bestuderen:v
bestudeering	bestudering:n
definieeren	definiëren:v
accepteeren	accepteren:v
geesel	gesel:n
geeselen	geselen:v
waardeeren	waarderen:v
weenen	wenen:v
zoodra	zodra:c
gelooven	geloven:v
conformeeren	conformeren:v
contrasteeren	contrasteren:v
koopen	kopen:v
steenen	stenen:a
regeeren	regeren:v
leelijk	lelijk:a
onnoodig	onnodig:a
leenen	lenen:v
dooden	doden:v
kleeding	kleding:n
droomen	dromen:v
menschheid	mensheid:n
belooning	beloning:n
rooken	roken:v
meenen	menen:v
probeeren	proberen:v
determineer	determineren:v
determineerde	determineren:v
determineert	determineren:v
determineerden	determineren:v
determinerend	determineren:v
gedetermineerd	determineren:v
vertoonen	vertonen:v
verkoopen	verkopen:v
zoowat	zowat:d
uitnoodiging	uitnodiging:n
verdeeling	verdeling:n
fotovoltaïsche	fotovoltaïsch:a
voltaïsche	voltaïsch:a
roodkokende	roodkokend:a
beterkoop	goedkoop:a
nieuwbakkener	nieuwbakken:a
nieuwbakkenst	nieuwbakken:a
nieuwbakkenste	nieuwbakken:a
afkeerig	afkerig:a
retardeeren	retarderen:v
confronteeren	confronteren:v
hanteeren	hanteren:v
waardeering	waardering:n
inlasschen	inlassen:v
lasschen	lassen:v
registreeren	registreren:v
resteeren	resteren:v
forceeren	forceren:v
koebi's	koebi:n
koebietje	koebi:n
dupeeren	duperen:v
ontloopen	ontlopen:v
toebedeelen	toebedelen:v
geenerlei	generlei:r
qualificeeren	kwalificeren:v
halveeren	halveren:v
paranoten	paranoot:n
paranootje	paranoot:n
gelijkgestemder	gelijkgestemd:a
gelijkgestemdst	gelijkgestemd:a
gelijkgestemde	gelijkgestemd:a
gelijkgestemdere	gelijkgestemd:a
gelijkgestemdste	gelijkgestemd:a
gelijkgestemden	gelijkgestemde:n
oudbakkener	oudbakken:a
oudbakkenst	oudbakken:a
oudbakkenste	oudbakken:a
oubakken	oudbakken:a
voorstem	voorstemmen:v
voorstemde	voorstemmen:v
voorstemt	voorstemmen:v
voorstemden	voorstemmen:v
voorstemmend	voorstemmen:v
voorgestemd	voorstemmen:v
voorstemmen	voorstem:n
tegenstem	tegenstemmen:v
tegenstemde	tegenstemmen:v
tegenstemt	tegenstemmen:v
tegenstemden	tegenstemmen:v
tegenstemmend	tegenstemmen:v
tegengestemd	tegenstemmen:v
tegenstemmen	tegenstem:n
meestem	meestemmen:v
meestemde	meestemmen:v
meestemt	meestemmen:v
meestemden	meestemmen:v
meestemmend	meestemmen:v
meegestemd	meestemmen:v
medestemmen	meestemmen:v
herstem	herstemmen:v
herstemde	herstemmen:v
herstemt	herstemmen:v
herstemden	herstemmen:v
herstemmend	herstemmen:v
herstemd	herstemmen:v
stadsplattegronden	stadsplattegrond:n
stadsplattegrondje	stadsplattegrond:n
heelemaal	helemaal:d
stadskaarten	stadskaart:n
stadskaartje	stadskaart:n
hshoema	hsjoema:n
enscèneeren	ensceneren:v
pleizier	plezier:n
inspireeren	inspireren:v
kritiseeren	kritiseren:v
toewenschen	toewensen:v
herstemmingen	herstemming:n
roergebakken	roerbakken:v
tomatensalades	tomatensalade:n
tomatensalaadje	tomatensalade:n
tomatensaladetje	tomatensalade:n
rechterschoenen	rechterschoen:n
rechterschoentje	rechterschoen:n
slettebakken	slettebak:n
slettebakje	slettebak:n
hoerenkasten	hoerenkast:n
hoerenkastje	hoerenkast:n
fruitsappen	fruitsap:n
fruitsapje	fruitsap:n
leeggiet	leeggieten:v
leeggoot	leeggieten:v
leeggoten	leeggieten:v
leeggietend	leeggieten:v
leeggegoten	leeggieten:v
wederzijdsch	wederzijds:a
vroolijkheid	vrolijkheid:n
speelsch	speels:a
speelschheid	speelsheid:n
bijbak	bijbakken:v
bijbakte	bijbakken:v
bijbakt	bijbakken:v
bijbakten	bijbakken:v
bijbakkend	bijbakken:v
bijgebakken	bijbakken:v
blindbak	blindbakken:v
blindbakte	blindbakken:v
blindbakt	blindbakken:v
blindbakten	blindbakken:v
blindbakkend	blindbakken:v
blindgebakken	blindbakken:v
feestvier	feestvieren:v
feestvierde	feestvieren:v
feestviert	feestvieren:v
feestvierden	feestvieren:v
feestvierend	feestvieren:v
feestgevierd	feestvieren:v
goedgeefsch	goedgeefs:a
rivierprikken	rivierprik:n
rivierprikje	rivierprik:n
keycords	keycord:n
keycordje	keycord:n
beekprikken	beekprik:n
beekprikje	beekprik:n
wintergroene	wintergroen:a
erkentenissen	erkentenis:n
erkentenisje	erkentenis:n
monniksparkieten	monniksparkiet:n
monniksparkietje	monniksparkiet:n
plaatsbewijzen	plaatsbewijs:n
plaatsbewijsje	plaatsbewijs:n
relatiebreuken	relatiebreuk:n
relatiebreukje	relatiebreuk:n
bezig	bezigen:v
bezigde	bezigen:v
bezigt	bezigen:v
bezigden	bezigen:v
bezigend	bezigen:v
gebezigd	bezigen:v
kledingwinkels	kledingwinkel:n
kledingwinkeltje	kledingwinkel:n
valsheden	valsheid:n
valsheidje	valsheid:n
geschrifte	geschrift:n
ochtendmensen	ochtendmens:n
ochtendmensje	ochtendmens:n
recursieve	recursief:a
maandenlange	maandenlang:a
millennialange	millennialang:a
secondenlange	secondenlang:a
decennialange	decennialang:a
loodzware	loodzwaar:a
weledelgeleerde	weledelgeleerd:a
herlees	herlezen:v
herlas	herlezen:v
herleest	herlezen:v
herlazen	herlezen:v
herlezend	herlezen:v
smeerkezen	smeerkees:n
smeerkeesje	smeerkees:n
glasfabrieken	glasfabriek:n
glasfabriekje	glasfabriek:n
levenslessen	levensles:n
levenslesje	levensles:n
audiodescripties	audiodescriptie:n
descripties	descriptie:n
descriptieve	descriptief:a
descriptiefst	descriptief:a
descriptiever	descriptief:a
descriptievere	descriptief:a
descriptiefste	descriptief:a
descriptiefs	descriptief:a
descriptievers	descriptief:a
Alpijnser	Alpijns:a
Alpijnst	Alpijns:a
Alpijnse	Alpijns:a
Alpijnsere	Alpijns:a
Alpijnste	Alpijns:a
meritocratieën	meritocratie:n
meritocratischer	meritocratisch:a
meritocratischt	meritocratisch:a
meritocratische	meritocratisch:a
meritocratischere	meritocratisch:a
meritocratischte	meritocratisch:a
koraalduivels	koraalduivel:n
koraalduivelen	koraalduivel:n
koraalduiveltje	koraalduivel:n
voorraadkamers	voorraadkamer:n
voorraadkamertje	voorraadkamer:n
ongeb.	ongebonden:a
deeltijdbanen	deeltijdbaan:n
deeltijdbaantje	deeltijdbaan:n
voltijdbanen	voltijdbaan:n
voltijdbaantje	voltijdbaan:n
haatpredikers	haatprediker:n
haatpredikertje	haatprediker:n
haatpredikanten	haatpredikant:n
haatpredikantje	haatpredikant:n
boemboes	boemboe:n
boemboetje	boemboe:n
antiquairs	antiquair:n
antiquairtje	antiquair:n
antiquariaten	antiquariaat:n
antiquariaatje	antiquariaat:n
antiquaars	antiquaar:n
antiquaren	antiquaar:n
antiquaartje	antiquaar:n
markiezaat	markizaat:n
onoverzichtelijker	onoverzichtelijk:a
onoverzichtelijkst	onoverzichtelijk:a
onoverzichtelijke	onoverzichtelijk:a
onoverzichtelijkere	onoverzichtelijk:a
onoverzichtelijkste	onoverzichtelijk:a
teloorgangen	teloorgang:n
handarbeid	handenarbeid:n
uurlijkse	uurlijks:a
belope	belopen:v|beloop:n
beloopbaarder	beloopbaar:a
beloopbaarst	beloopbaar:a
beloopbare	beloopbaar:a
beloopbaardere	beloopbaar:a
beloopbaarste	beloopbaar:a
theateroptredens	theateroptreden:n
herval	hervallen:v
herviel	hervallen:v
hervalt	hervallen:v
hervielen	hervallen:v
hervallend	hervallen:v
herwerk	herwerken:v
herwerkte	herwerken:v
herwerkt	herwerken:v
herwerkten	herwerken:v
herwerkend	herwerken:v
kwats	quatsch:n
kutkoppen	kutkop:n
kutkopje	kutkop:n
filmkunsten	filmkunst:n
filmkunstje	filmkunst:n
geïmproviseerd	improviseren:v
improviseer	improviseren:v
improviseerde	improviseren:v
improviseert	improviseren:v
improviseerden	improviseren:v
improviserend	improviseren:v
hoofdacteurs	hoofdacteur:n
hoofdacteurtje	hoofdacteur:n
één-op-één	een-op-een:d
1-op-1	een-op-een:d
verouderingen	veroudering:n
hachel	hachelen:v
hachelde	hachelen:v
hachelt	hachelen:v
hachelden	hachelen:v
hachelend	hachelen:v
gehacheld	hachelen:v
geletterde	geletterd:a
rochel	rochelen:v
rochelde	rochelen:v
rochelt	rochelen:v
rochelden	rochelen:v
rochelend	rochelen:v
gerocheld	rochelen:v
fotoshoots	fotoshoot:n
fotoshootje	fotoshoot:n
koffietafels	koffietafel:n
koffietafeltje	koffietafel:n
koffietafelboeken	koffietafelboek:n
koffietafelboekje	koffietafelboek:n
waterschapsverkiezingen	waterschapsverkiezing:n
onbeholpener	onbeholpen:a
onbeholpenst	onbeholpen:a
onbeholpenste	onbeholpen:a
naderingen	nadering:n
naderinkje	nadering:n
ellendelingen	ellendeling:n
ellendelingetje	ellendeling:n
opgetogenheden	opgetogenheid:n
verontrustenders	verontrustend:a
zeikerds	zeikerd:n
zeikerdje	zeikerd:n
foempen	foemp:n
foempje	foemp:n
trainingspakken	trainingspak:n
trainingspakje	trainingspak:n
wederverkopers	wederverkoper:n
aardrijkskundeleraars	aardrijkskundeleraar:n
aardrijkskundeleraren	aardrijkskundeleraar:n
relaxaties	relaxatie:n
pillendraaiers	pillendraaier:n
pillendraaiertje	pillendraaier:n
betoeterde	betoeterd:a
getouwen	getouw:n
getouwtje	getouw:n
assimileer	assimileren:v
assimileerde	assimileren:v
assimileert	assimileren:v
assimileerden	assimileren:v
assimilerend	assimileren:v
geassimileerd	assimileren:v
lijstjestijden	lijstjestijd:n
eindejaarslijsten	eindejaarslijst:n
eindejaarslijstje	eindejaarslijst:n
eindejaren	eindejaar:n
eindejaartje	eindejaar:n
stickerde	stickeren:v
stickert	stickeren:v
stickerden	stickeren:v
stickerend	stickeren:v
gestickerd	stickeren:v
besticker	bestickeren:v
bestickerde	bestickeren:v
bestickert	bestickeren:v
bestickerden	bestickeren:v
bestickerend	bestickeren:v
bestickerd	bestickeren:v
bestickeringen	bestickering:n
rustgevender	rustgevend:a
rustgevendst	rustgevend:a
rustgevende	rustgevend:a
rustgevendere	rustgevend:a
rustgevendste	rustgevend:a
kunstboeken	kunstboek:n
kunstboekje	kunstboek:n
katjangs	katjang:n
kajoeën	kajoe:n
kajoetje	kajoe:n
dansvoorstellingen	dansvoorstelling:n
dansvoorstellinkje	dansvoorstelling:n
vaccintwijfelaars	vaccintwijfelaar:n
vaccintwijfelaartje	vaccintwijfelaar:n
weigeraars	weigeraar:n
weigeraartje	weigeraar:n
predicatiever	predicatief:a
predicatiefst	predicatief:a
predicatieve	predicatief:a
predicatievere	predicatief:a
predicatiefste	predicatief:a
impactvoller	impactvol:a
impactvolst	impactvol:a
impactvolle	impactvol:a
impactvollere	impactvol:a
impactvolste	impactvol:a
impactrijker	impactrijk:a
impactrijkst	impactrijk:a
impactrijke	impactrijk:a
impactrijkere	impactrijk:a
impactrijkste	impactrijk:a
wielwebspinnen	wielwebspin:n
wielwebspinnetje	wielwebspin:n
fakking	fucking:a|fucking:d
decernaten	decernaat:n
decernaatje	decernaat:n
angisa's	angisa:n
angisaatje	angisa:n
sjankers	sjanker:n
sjankertje	sjanker:n
binnengestapt	binnenstappen:v
binnenstap	binnenstappen:v
binnenstapte	binnenstappen:v
binnenstapt	binnenstappen:v
binnenstapten	binnenstappen:v
binnenstappend	binnenstappen:v
receptionistes	receptioniste:n
syfilitischer	syfilitisch:a
syfilitischt	syfilitisch:a
syfilitische	syfilitisch:a
syfilitischere	syfilitisch:a
syfilitischte	syfilitisch:a
luetischer	luetisch:a
luetischt	luetisch:a
luetische	luetisch:a
luetischere	luetisch:a
luetischte	luetisch:a
lepel	lepelen:v
lepelde	lepelen:v
lepelt	lepelen:v
lepelden	lepelen:v
lepelend	lepelen:v
gelepeld	lepelen:v
oplepel	oplepelen:v
oplepelde	oplepelen:v
oplepelt	oplepelen:v
oplepelden	oplepelen:v
oplepelend	oplepelen:v
opgelepeld	oplepelen:v
neusloze	neusloos:a
sluitingstijden	sluitingstijd:n
VVV-kantoren	VVV-kantoor:n
topklassen	topklasse:n
werkschema's	werkschema:n
werkschemaatje	werkschema:n
Zaankanters	Zaankanter:n
Zaankantertje	Zaankanter:n
omgooi	omgooien:v
omgooide	omgooien:v
omgooit	omgooien:v
omgooiden	omgooien:v
omgooiend	omgooien:v
omgegooid	omgooien:v
tekenmaterialen	tekenmateriaal:n
bruidsparen	bruidspaar:n
bruidspaartje	bruidspaar:n
enneh	en:c
lyofilisaties	lyofilisatie:n
kantstenen	kantsteen:n
kantsteentje	kantsteen:n
scheidsels	scheidsel:n
scheidseltje	scheidsel:n
dispenskasten	dispenskast:n
dispenskastje	dispenskast:n
tenteer	tenteren:v
tenteerde	tenteren:v
tenteert	tenteren:v
tenteerden	tenteren:v
tenterend	tenteren:v
getenteerd	tenteren:v
koolwaters	koolwater:n
koolwateren	koolwater:n
koolwatertje	koolwater:n
sierkammen	sierkam:n
sierkammetje	sierkam:n
soet	soeten:v
soette	soeten:v
soetten	soeten:v
soetend	soeten:v
gesoet	soeten:v
damesfietsen	damesfiets:n
damesfietsje	damesfiets:n
trekpennen	trekpen:n
trekpentje	trekpen:n
palpatieën	palpatie:n
palpatietje	palpatie:n
keboenen	keboen:n
keboentje	keboen:n
mandie	mandiën:v
mandiede	mandiën:v
mandiet	mandiën:v
mandieden	mandiën:v
mandiënd	mandiën:v
gemandied	mandiën:v
tampat	tampatten:v
tampatte	tampatten:v
tampattend	tampatten:v
getampat	tampatten:v
tjet	tjetten:v
tjette	tjetten:v
tjettend	tjetten:v
getjet	tjetten:v
kramas	kramassen:v
kramaste	kramassen:v
kramast	kramassen:v
kramasten	kramassen:v
kramassend	kramassen:v
gekramast	kramassen:v
stiltecoupés	stiltecoupé:n
stiltecoupeetje	stiltecoupé:n
luttele	luttel:t
doortrapfietsen	doortrapfiets:n
doortrapfietsje	doortrapfiets:n
bandijzers	bandijzer:n
bandijzertje	bandijzer:n
champagneflessen	champagnefles:n
champagneflesje	champagnefles:n
rooilijnen	rooilijn:n
rooilijntje	rooilijn:n
koorkappen	koorkap:n
koorkapje	koorkap:n
kasstelsels	kasstelsel:n
kasstelseltje	kasstelsel:n
vacaties	vacatie:n
vacatietje	vacatie:n
vacatiegelden	vacatiegeld:n
colombijntjes	colombijntje:n
rustbanken	rustbank:n
rustbankje	rustbank:n
opnaaisels	opnaaisel:n
opnaaiseltje	opnaaisel:n
draagriemen	draagriem:n
draagriempje	draagriem:n
veterbanden	veterband:n
veterbandje	veterband:n
breipennen	breipen:n
breipentje	breipen:n
monteringen	montering:n
monterinkje	montering:n
spanramen	spanraam:n
spanraampje	spanraam:n
spieramen	spieraam:n
spieraampje	spieraam:n
kunstdrukken	kunstdruk:n
kunstdrukje	kunstdruk:n
rondsels	rondsel:n
rondseltje	rondsel:n
ooievaarsbeten	ooievaarsbeet:n
ooievaarsbeetje	ooievaarsbeet:n
ordonnantiën	ordonnantie:n
ordonnanties	ordonnantie:n
ordonnantietje	ordonnantie:n
klapperbomen	klapperboom:n
klapperboompje	klapperboom:n
lekschiet	lekschieten:v
lekschoot	lekschieten:v
lekschoten	lekschieten:v
lekschietend	lekschieten:v
lekgeschoten	lekschieten:v
brandgangen	brandgang:n
brandgangetje	brandgang:n
verbed	verbedden:v
verbedde	verbedden:v
verbedt	verbedden:v
verbeddend	verbedden:v
gaasdeppers	gaasdepper:n
gaasdeppertje	gaasdepper:n
verlosbedden	verlosbed:n
verlosbedje	verlosbed:n
nierbekkens	nierbekken:n
nierbekkentje	nierbekken:n
steeklakens	steeklaken:n
steeklakentje	steeklaken:n
kruissteken	kruissteek:n
kruissteekje	kruissteek:n
klappermelkje	klappermelk:n
besprokenen	besprokene:n
onbesprokener	onbesproken:a
onbesprokenst	onbesproken:a
onbesprokenste	onbesproken:a
betreurenswaarder	betreurenswaard:a
betreurenswaardst	betreurenswaard:a
betreurenswaarde	betreurenswaard:a
betreurenswaardere	betreurenswaard:a
betreurenswaardste	betreurenswaard:a
binnensmondse	binnensmonds:a
bezichtigingen	bezichtiging:n
bezichtigingetje	bezichtiging:n
armetieriger	armetierig:a
armetierigst	armetierig:a
armetierige	armetierig:a
armetierigere	armetierig:a
armetierigste	armetierig:a
armlastiger	armlastig:a
armlastigst	armlastig:a
armlastige	armlastig:a
armlastigere	armlastig:a
armlastigste	armlastig:a
bowlingballen	bowlingbal:n
bowlingballetje	bowlingbal:n
bowlingschoenen	bowlingschoen:n
bowlingschoentje	bowlingschoen:n
bowlingbanen	bowlingbaan:n
bowlingbaantje	bowlingbaan:n
bowlingcentra	bowlingcentrum:n
bowlingcentrums	bowlingcentrum:n
bowlingcentrumpje	bowlingcentrum:n
springkoppen	springkop:n
springkopje	springkop:n
kernkoppen	kernkop:n
kernkopje	kernkop:n
baarmoedermonden	baarmoedermond:n
baarmoedermondje	baarmoedermond:n
huidmonden	huidmond:n
huidmondje	huidmond:n
bacteriedodende	bacteriedodend:a
celdodende	celdodend:a
remgelden	remgeld:n
koningskronen	koningskroon:n
koningskroontje	koningskroon:n
Uiterse	Uiters:a
Uitersch	Uiters:a
biomarkten	biomarkt:n
laadstokken	laadstok:n
laadstokje	laadstok:n
insectendodende	insectendodend:a
schimmeldodende	schimmeldodend:a
badmintonners	badmintonner:n
badmintonnertje	badmintonner:n
badmintonspelers	badmintonspeler:n
badmintonspelertje	badmintonspeler:n
stopkranen	stopkraan:n
stopkraantje	stopkraan:n
trasramen	trasraam:n
trasraampje	trasraam:n
schoorbalken	schoorbalk:n
schoorbalkje	schoorbalk:n
drukgroepen	drukgroep:n
drukgroepje	drukgroep:n
druklagers	druklager:n
druklagertje	druklager:n
koolborstels	koolborstel:n
koolborsteltje	koolborstel:n
zuigerstangen	zuigerstang:n
zuigerstangetje	zuigerstang:n
drijfstangen	drijfstang:n
drijfstangetje	drijfstang:n
runenstenen	runensteen:n
bergbeklimmers	bergbeklimmer:n
bergbeklimmertje	bergbeklimmer:n
vrouwenkleren	vrouwenkleed:n
vrouwenklederen	vrouwenkleed:n
vulkaniseer	vulkaniseren:v
vulkaniseerde	vulkaniseren:v
vulkaniseert	vulkaniseren:v
vulkaniseerden	vulkaniseren:v
vulkaniserend	vulkaniseren:v
gevulkaniseerd	vulkaniseren:v
zonluiaards	zonluiaard:n
zonluiaardje	zonluiaard:n
karabiniers	karabinier:n
spanschroeven	spanschroef:n
spanschroefje	spanschroef:n
draadspanners	draadspanner:n
draadspannertje	draadspanner:n
spanwartels	spanwartel:n
spanwarteltje	spanwartel:n
schapenluiaards	schapenluiaard:n
schapenluiaardje	schapenluiaard:n
coassistenties	coassistentie:n
coassistentietje	coassistentie:n
coschappen	coschap:n
coschapje	coschap:n
coassistenten	coassistent:n
coassistentje	coassistent:n
kistdammen	kistdam:n
kistdammetje	kistdam:n
ontdekkers	ontdekker:n
ontdekkertje	ontdekker:n
medeontdekkers	medeontdekker:n
medeontdekkertje	medeontdekker:n
aandrijfmechanismes	aandrijfmechanisme:n
aandrijfmechanismen	aandrijfmechanisme:n
raamboompjes	raamboompje:n
raamscharnieren	raamscharnier:n
raamscharniertje	raamscharnier:n
testpennen	testpen:n
testpennetje	testpen:n
veerringen	veerring:n
veerringetje	veerring:n
schooldagen	schooldag:n
schooldagje	schooldag:n
eencellige	eencellig:a
eencelligen	eencellige:n
meercellige	meercellig:a
meercelligen	meercellige:n
radeerwielen	radeerwiel:n
radeerwieltje	radeerwiel:n
schoolschriften	schoolschrift:n
schoolschriftje	schoolschrift:n
aardrijkskundelessen	aardrijkskundeles:n
aardrijkskundelesje	aardrijkskundeles:n
barré-akkoorden	barré-akkoord:n
barré-akkoordje	barré-akkoord:n
ringsleutels	ringsleutel:n
ringsleuteltje	ringsleutel:n
altijdgroene	altijdgroen:a
aardgebondener	aardgebonden:a
aardgebondenst	aardgebonden:a
aardgebondenste	aardgebonden:a
bedgebondener	bedgebonden:a
bedgebondenst	bedgebonden:a
bedgebondenste	bedgebonden:a
geslachtsgebondener	geslachtsgebonden:a
geslachtsgebondenst	geslachtsgebonden:a
geslachtsgebondenste	geslachtsgebonden:a
seksegebondener	seksegebonden:a
seksegebondenst	seksegebonden:a
seksegebondenste	seksegebonden:a
rolstoelgebondener	rolstoelgebonden:a
rolstoelgebondenst	rolstoelgebonden:a
rolstoelgebondenste	rolstoelgebonden:a
leeftijdsgebondener	leeftijdsgebonden:a
leeftijdsgebondenst	leeftijdsgebonden:a
leeftijdsgebondenste	leeftijdsgebonden:a
leeftijdgebonden	leeftijdsgebonden:a
landgebondener	landgebonden:a
landgebondenst	landgebonden:a
landgebondenste	landgebonden:a
watergebondener	watergebonden:a
watergebondenst	watergebonden:a
watergebondenste	watergebonden:a
snelhechters	snelhechter:n
snelhechtertje	snelhechter:n
inklaringen	inklaring:n
invet	invetten:v
invette	invetten:v
invettend	invetten:v
ingevet	invetten:v
macaronischotels	macaronischotel:n
macaronischoteltje	macaronischotel:n
overstekken	overstek:n
overstekje	overstek:n
knerp	knerpen:v
knerpte	knerpen:v
knerpt	knerpen:v
knerpten	knerpen:v
knerpend	knerpen:v
geknerpt	knerpen:v
knarsetand	knarsetanden:v
knarsetandde	knarsetanden:v
knarsetandt	knarsetanden:v
knarsetandden	knarsetanden:v
knarsetandend	knarsetanden:v
geknarsetand	knarsetanden:v
volleybalspelers	volleybalspeler:n
volleybalspelertje	volleybalspeler:n
afstandsgebondener	afstandsgebonden:a
afstandsgebondenst	afstandsgebonden:a
afstandsgebondenste	afstandsgebonden:a
contextgebondener	contextgebonden:a
contextgebondenst	contextgebonden:a
contextgebondenste	contextgebonden:a
contextafhankelijker	contextafhankelijk:a
contextafhankelijkst	contextafhankelijk:a
contextafhankelijke	contextafhankelijk:a
contextafhankelijkere	contextafhankelijk:a
contextafhankelijkste	contextafhankelijk:a
Venezolanen	Venezolaan:n
Venezolaantje	Venezolaan:n
Venezolaanser	Venezolaans:a
Venezolaanst	Venezolaans:a
Venezolaanse	Venezolaans:a
Venezolaansere	Venezolaans:a
Venezolaanste	Venezolaans:a
plunjezakken	plunjezak:n
plunjezakje	plunjezak:n
nattiger	nattig:a
nattigst	nattig:a
nattige	nattig:a
nattigere	nattig:a
nattigste	nattig:a
natregen	natregenen:v
natregende	natregenen:v
natregent	natregenen:v
natregenden	natregenen:v
natregenend	natregenen:v
natgeregend	natregenen:v
vleeskeuringen	vleeskeuring:n
vleeskeurinkje	vleeskeuring:n
apk-keuringen	apk-keuring:n
apk-keurinkje	apk-keuring:n
APK-keuring	apk-keuring:n
eendagsbabsen	eendagsbabs:n
eendagsbabsje	eendagsbabs:n
boekwerken	boekwerk:n
boekwerkje	boekwerk:n
piepjestests	piepjestest:n
piepjestesten	piepjestest:n
teleferieken	teleferiek:n
teleferiekje	teleferiek:n
ftaalzuren	ftaalzuur:n
ftaalzuurtje	ftaalzuur:n
haardvuren	haardvuur:n
haardvuurtje	haardvuur:n
aanlsuitbare	aansluitbaar:a
berijdbaarder	berijdbaar:a
berijdbaarst	berijdbaar:a
berijdbare	berijdbaar:a
berijdbaardere	berijdbaar:a
berijdbaarste	berijdbaar:a
sneeuwjachten	sneeuwjacht:n
sneeuwjachtje	sneeuwjacht:n
aanrechtbladen	aanrechtblad:n
aanrichters	aanrichter:n
aanrichtertje	aanrichter:n
aanrichtingen	aanrichting:n
aanrichtinkje	aanrichting:n
aangesprokenen	aangesprokene:n
aankoopbedragen	aankoopbedrag:n
aankoopbedragje	aankoopbedrag:n
aankoopsommen	aankoopsom:n
aankoopsommetje	aankoopsom:n
schermutsel	schermutselen:v
schermutselde	schermutselen:v
schermutselt	schermutselen:v
schermutselden	schermutselen:v
schermutselend	schermutselen:v
geschermutseld	schermutselen:v
aanhef	aanheffen:v
aanhief	aanheffen:v
aanheft	aanheffen:v
aanhieven	aanheffen:v
aanheffend	aanheffen:v
aangeheven	aanheffen:v
wansmakelijker	wansmakelijk:a
wansmakelijkst	wansmakelijk:a
wansmakelijke	wansmakelijk:a
wansmakelijkere	wansmakelijk:a
wansmakelijkste	wansmakelijk:a
gangmaak	gangmaken:v
gangmaakte	gangmaken:v
gangmaakt	gangmaken:v
gangmaakten	gangmaken:v
gangmakend	gangmaken:v
gegangmaakt	gangmaken:v
dubbelcheck	dubbelchecken:v
dubbelcheckte	dubbelchecken:v
dubbelcheckt	dubbelchecken:v
dubbelcheckten	dubbelchecken:v
dubbelcheckend	dubbelchecken:v
gedubbelcheckt	dubbelchecken:v
doublechecken	dubbelchecken:v
pikeurs	pikeur:n
pikeurtje	pikeur:n
picqueur	pikeur:n
harddraverijen	harddraverij:n
lichtdrukken	lichtdruk:n
lichtdrukje	lichtdruk:n
zomerfestivals	zomerfestival:n
zomerfestivalletje	zomerfestival:n
coupenaden	coupenaad:n
coupenaadje	coupenaad:n
werkpakken	werkpak:n
werkpakje	werkpak:n
voorvellen	voorvel:n
voorvelletje	voorvel:n
harddraaf	harddraven:v
harddraafde	harddraven:v
harddraaft	harddraven:v
harddraafden	harddraven:v
harddravend	harddraven:v
geharddraafd	harddraven:v
harddravers	harddraver:n
harddravertje	harddraver:n
trektochten	trektocht:n
trektochtje	trektocht:n
magnifieker	magnifiek:a
magnifiekst	magnifiek:a
magnifieke	magnifiek:a
magnifiekere	magnifiek:a
magnifiekste	magnifiek:a
terugslagveren	terugslagveer:n
terugslagveertje	terugslagveer:n
slijkborden	slijkbord:n
slijkbordje	slijkbord:n
spatborden	spatbord:n
spatbordje	spatbord:n
spelingen	speling:n
spelinkje	speling:n
richtingaanwijzers	richtingaanwijzer:n
richtingaanwijzertje	richtingaanwijzer:n
tussenkleppen	tussenklep:n
tussenklepje	tussenklep:n
directieketen	directiekeet:n
directiekeetje	directiekeet:n
sponningen	sponning:n
sponninkje	sponning:n
gordingen	gording:n
gordings	gording:n
gordinkje	gording:n
padelde	padellen:v
padelt	padellen:v
padelden	padellen:v
padellend	padellen:v
gepadeld	padellen:v
padellers	padeller:n
padellertje	padeller:n
padelspelers	padelspeler:n
padelspelertje	padelspeler:n
padelspeelster	padelspeler:n
padelballen	padelbal:n
padelballetje	padelbal:n
padelrackets	padelracket:n
tennisellebogen	tenniselleboog:n
padelarmen	padelarm:n
padelellebogen	padelelleboog:n
padellebogen	padelleboog:n
staffels	staffel:n
staffeltje	staffel:n
biaisbands	biaisband:n
biaisbandje	biaisband:n
ijskannen	ijskan:n
ijskannetje	ijskan:n
squashspelers	squashspeler:n
squashspelertje	squashspeler:n
squashspeelster	squashspeler:n
squashbanen	squashbaan:n
squashbaantje	squashbaan:n
slijmzuigers	slijmzuiger:n
slijmzuigertje	slijmzuiger:n
lijstplanken	lijstplank:n
lijstplankje	lijstplank:n
toetoepten	toetoepen:v
toetoep	toetoepen:v
toetoepte	toetoepen:v
toetoept	toetoepen:v
toetoeptend	toetoepen:v
getoetoept	toetoepen:v
toetoepen	toetoep:n
toetoepje	toetoep:n
hofnarren	hofnar:n
slaapsteden	slaapstad:n
slaapstadje	slaapstad:n
zomerfeesten	zomerfeest:n
zomerfeestje	zomerfeest:n
fruitkramen	fruitkraam:n
fruitkraampje	fruitkraam:n
kunstfestivals	kunstfestival:n
kunstfestivalletje	kunstfestival:n
waterkannen	waterkan:n
kopballen	kopbal:n
maluwe	malve:n
schaduwvloten	schaduwvloot:n
schaduwvlootje	schaduwvloot:n
gymdocenten	gymdocent:n
softwareprogramma's	softwareprogramma:n
softwareprogrammaatje	softwareprogramma:n
cuckstoelen	cuckstoel:n
cuckstoeltje	cuckstoel:n
binnenlandministers	binnenlandminister:n
binnenlandministertje	binnenlandminister:n
heenreizen	heenreis:n
heenreisje	heenreis:n
schootrekenaars	schootrekenaar:n
schootrekenaartje	schootrekenaar:n
pienterder	pienter:a
pienterst	pienter:a
pientere	pienter:a
pienterdere	pienter:a
pienterste	pienter:a
vijfentwintigjarige	vijfentwintigjarig:a
vijfentwintigjarigen	vijfentwintigjarige:n
piender	pienter:a
pareer	pareren:v
pareerde	pareren:v
pareert	pareren:v
pareerden	pareren:v
parerend	pareren:v
gepareerd	pareren:v
doktersafspraken	doktersafspraak:n
apothekeressen	apothekeres:n
natrek	natrekken:v
natrok	natrekken:v
natrekt	natrekken:v
natrokken	natrekken:v
natrekkend	natrekken:v
nagetrokken	natrekken:v
versluier	versluieren:v
versluierde	versluieren:v
versluiert	versluieren:v
versluierden	versluieren:v
versluierend	versluieren:v
versluierd	versluieren:v
tegentreinen	tegentrein:n
tegentreintje	tegentrein:n
voorseinen	voorsein:n
voorseintje	voorsein:n
hoofdseinen	hoofdsein:n
hoofdseintje	hoofdsein:n
breedsporen	breedspoor:n
breedspoortje	breedspoor:n
rangeerseinen	rangeersein:n
rangeerseintje	rangeersein:n
seinbeelden	seinbeeld:n
seinbeeldje	seinbeeld:n
seinstelsels	seinstelsel:n
seinstelseltje	seinstelsel:n
baanvaksnelheden	baanvaksnelheid:n
veldflessen	veldfles:n
veldflesje	veldfles:n
handgelden	handgeld:n
rechterarmen	rechterarm:n
rechterarmpje	rechterarm:n
verklikkers	verklikker:n
aalbessennatten	aalbessennat:n
aalbessennatje	aalbessennat:n
aalbessenbomen	aalbessenboom:n
aalbessenboompje	aalbessenboom:n
jeneverbomen	jeneverboom:n
jeneverboompje	jeneverboom:n
fietslanden	fietsland:n
fietslandje	fietsland:n
linkervoeten	linkervoet:n
linkervoetje	linkervoet:n
achterhou	achterhouden:v
achterhoud	achterhouden:v
achterhield	achterhouden:v
achterhoudt	achterhouden:v
achterhielden	achterhouden:v
achterhoudend	achterhouden:v
achtergehouden	achterhouden:v
achterhoudender	achterhoudend:a
achterhoudendst	achterhoudend:a
achterhoudende	achterhoudend:a
achterhoudendere	achterhoudend:a
achterhoudendste	achterhoudend:a
achterhoudingen	achterhouding:n
rechterbenen	rechterbeen:n
rechterbeentje	rechterbeen:n
linkerbenen	linkerbeen:n
linkerbeentje	linkerbeen:n
espressomachines	espressomachine:n
leidinggevend	leidinggeven:v
leidinggevenden	leidinggevende:n
leidinggeef	leidinggeven:v
leidinggaf	leidinggeven:v
leidinggeeft	leidinggeven:v
leidinggaven	leidinggeven:v
leidinggegeven	leidinggeven:v
vakantiebestemmingen	vakantiebestemming:n
kraagtrappen	kraagtrap:n
kraagtrapje	kraagtrap:n
onbestemder	onbestemd:a
onbestemdst	onbestemd:a
onbestemde	onbestemd:a
onbestemdere	onbestemd:a
onbestemdste	onbestemd:a
motorhelmen	motorhelm:n
motorhelmpje	motorhelm:n
reiservaringen	reiservaring:n
hierzoo	hierzo:d
daarzoo	daarzo:d
foutgevoeliger	foutgevoelig:a
foutgevoeligst	foutgevoelig:a
foutgevoelige	foutgevoelig:a
foutgevoeligere	foutgevoelig:a
foutgevoeligste	foutgevoelig:a
damesachtiger	damesachtig:a
damesachtigst	damesachtig:a
damesachtige	damesachtig:a
damesachtigere	damesachtig:a
damesachtigste	damesachtig:a
ondamesachtiger	ondamesachtig:a
ondamesachtigst	ondamesachtig:a
ondamesachtige	ondamesachtig:a
ondamesachtigere	ondamesachtig:a
ondamesachtigste	ondamesachtig:a
freewheel	freewheelen:v
freewheelde	freewheelen:v
freewheelt	freewheelen:v
freewheelden	freewheelen:v
freewheelend	freewheelen:v
gefreewheeld	freewheelen:v
spectroscopische	spectroscopisch:a
herdoe	herdoen:v
herdeed	herdoen:v
herdoet	herdoen:v
herdeden	herdoen:v
herdoend	herdoen:v
herdaan	herdoen:v
effende	effenen:v
effent	effenen:v
effenden	effenen:v
effenend	effenen:v
geëffend	effenen:v
hoofdeconomen	hoofdeconoom:n
hoofdeconoompje	hoofdeconoom:n
tolhekken	tolhek:n
tolhekje	tolhek:n
transistorradio's	transistorradio:n
transistorradiootje	transistorradio:n
zomerstages	zomerstage:n
langzaamaanacties	langzaamaanactie:n
opbaar	opbaren:v
opbaarde	opbaren:v
opbaart	opbaren:v
opbaarden	opbaren:v
opbarend	opbaren:v
opgebaard	opbaren:v
opbaringen	opbaring:n
achternaga	achternagaan:v
achternaging	achternagaan:v
achternagaat	achternagaan:v
achternagingen	achternagaan:v
achternagaand	achternagaan:v
achternagegaan	achternagaan:v
gymzalen	gymzaal:n
gymzaaltje	gymzaal:n
oortelefoons	oortelefoon:n
oortelefoontje	oortelefoon:n
bruin	bruinen:v
bruinde	bruinen:v
bruint	bruinen:v
bruinden	bruinen:v
bruinend	bruinen:v
gebruind	bruinen:v
zomerprogramma's	zomerprogramma:n
mp3-spelers	mp3-speler:n
mp3-spelertje	mp3-speler:n
spijtmoeders	spijtmoeder:n
spijtmoedertje	spijtmoeder:n
toupeer	touperen:v
toupeerde	touperen:v
toupeert	touperen:v
toupeerden	touperen:v
touperend	touperen:v
getoupeerd	touperen:v
weerbotsen	weerbots:n
verkapter	verkapt:a
verkaptst	verkapt:a
verkaptere	verkapt:a
verkaptste	verkapt:a
muffinvormen	muffinvorm:n
muffinvormpje	muffinvorm:n
slalomde	slalommen:v
slalomt	slalommen:v
slalomden	slalommen:v
slalommend	slalommen:v
geslalomd	slalommen:v
reuzenslaloms	reuzenslalom:n
parallelslaloms	parallelslalom:n
parallelreuzenslaloms	parallelreuzenslalom:n
spaanders	spaander:n
spaandertje	spaander:n
skydive	skydiven:v
skydivede	skydiven:v
skydivet	skydiven:v
skydiveden	skydiven:v
skydivend	skydiven:v
geskydived	skydiven:v
fijnhak	fijnhakken:v
fijnhakte	fijnhakken:v
fijnhakt	fijnhakken:v
fijnhakten	fijnhakken:v
fijnhakkend	fijnhakken:v
fijngehakt	fijnhakken:v
fijnmaal	fijnmalen:v
fijnmaalde	fijnmalen:v
fijnmaalt	fijnmalen:v
fijnmaalden	fijnmalen:v
fijnmalend	fijnmalen:v
fijngemalen	fijnmalen:v
solied	solide:a
insolied	insolide:a
rotsrozen	rotsroos:n
rotsroosje	rotsroos:n
supermooie	supermooi:a
kinderschoenen	kinderschoen:n
kinderschoentje	kinderschoen:n
Hitlergroeten	Hitlergroet:n
Hitlergroetje	Hitlergroet:n
nazigroeten	nazigroet:n
nazigroetje	nazigroet:n
haarkloof	haarkloven:v
haarkloofde	haarkloven:v
haarklooft	haarkloven:v
haarkloofden	haarkloven:v
haarklovend	haarkloven:v
gehaarkloofd	haarkloven:v
veiligheidscontroles	veiligheidscontrole:n
instapkaarten	instapkaart:n
instapkaartje	instapkaart:n
sportliefhebbers	sportliefhebber:n
religekkies	religekkie:n
religekkietje	religekkie:n
weckpotten	weckpot:n
weckpotje	weckpot:n
kraamtraantjes	kraamtranen:n
uithoest	uithoesten:v
uithoestte	uithoesten:v
uithoestten	uithoesten:v
uithoestend	uithoesten:v
uitgehoest	uithoesten:v
basketbalwedstrijden	basketbalwedstrijd:n
basketbalwedstrijdje	basketbalwedstrijd:n
undercoveragenten	undercoveragent:n
undercoveragentje	undercoveragent:n
filmavonden	filmavond:n
filmavondje	filmavond:n
schobberdebonken	schobberdebonk:n
schobberdebonk	schobberdebonken:v
schobberdebonkte	schobberdebonken:v
schobberdebonkt	schobberdebonken:v
schobberdebonkten	schobberdebonken:v
schobberdebonkend	schobberdebonken:v
geschobberdebonkt	schobberdebonken:v
axaal	axiaal:a
coaxaal	coaxiaal:a
coaxkabels	coaxkabel:n
coaxkabeltje	coaxkabel:n
roksplitten	roksplit:n
mouwsplitten	mouwsplit:n
vervolmaak	vervolmaken:v
vervolmaakte	vervolmaken:v
vervolmaakt	vervolmaken:v
vervolmaakten	vervolmaken:v
vervolmakend	vervolmaken:v
vieruurtjes	vieruurtje:n
sprankel	sprankelen:v
sprankelde	sprankelen:v
sprankelt	sprankelen:v
sprankelden	sprankelen:v
sprankelend	sprankelen:v
gesprankeld	sprankelen:v
declameer	declameren:v
declameerde	declameren:v
declameert	declameren:v
declameerden	declameren:v
declamerend	declameren:v
gedeclameerd	declameren:v
declamaties	declamatie:n
declamatietje	declamatie:n
bijkers	bijker:n
bijkertje	bijker:n
imkerijen	imkerij:n
bijenhouderijen	bijenhouderij:n
bijkerijen	bijkerij:n
imkerde	imkeren:v
imkert	imkeren:v
imkerden	imkeren:v
imkerend	imkeren:v
geïmkerd	imkeren:v
iemkerij	imkerij:n
iemkeren	imkeren:v
ogenschijntje	ogenschijn:n
ogenschijnlijks	ogenschijnlijk:a
magnifieks	magnifiek:a
magnifiekers	magnifiek:a
zwakzinniger	zwakzinnig:a
zwakzinnigst	zwakzinnig:a
zwakzinnige	zwakzinnig:a
zwakzinnigere	zwakzinnig:a
zwakzinnigste	zwakzinnig:a
institutionaliseer	institutionaliseren:v
institutionaliseerde	institutionaliseren:v
institutionaliseert	institutionaliseren:v
institutionaliseerden	institutionaliseren:v
institutionaliserend	institutionaliseren:v
geïnstitutionaliseerd	institutionaliseren:v
pittigs	pittig:a
obedieer	obediëren:v
obedieerde	obediëren:v
obedieert	obediëren:v
obedieerden	obediëren:v
obediërend	obediëren:v
geobedieerd	obediëren:v
medicijnmeesters	medicijnmeester:n
medicijnmeestertje	medicijnmeester:n
tegenspellen	tegenspel:n
tegenspelen	tegenspel:n
individualiseer	individualiseren:v
individualiseerde	individualiseren:v
individualiseert	individualiseren:v
individualiseerden	individualiseren:v
individualiserend	individualiseren:v
geïndividualiseerd	individualiseren:v
malloterieën	malloterie:n
malloterietje	malloterie:n
perfektioneren	perfectioneren:v
perfectionneeren	perfectioneren:v
perfectionneren	perfectioneren:v
perfectioneeren	perfectioneren:v
perfectioneringen	perfectionering:n
perfektionering	perfectionering:n
perfectionnering	perfectionering:n
perfectionneering	perfectionering:n
perfectioneering	perfectionering:n
volmakingen	volmaking:n
vervolmakingen	vervolmaking:n
curl	curlen:v
curlde	curlen:v
curlt	curlen:v
curlden	curlen:v
curlend	curlen:v
gecurld	curlen:v
achterlijkheden	achterlijkheid:n
kapokbomen	kapokboom:n
kapokboompje	kapokboom:n
kapokmatrassen	kapokmatras:n
kapokmatrasje	kapokmatras:n
manosferen	manosfeer:n
rekkelijker	rekkelijk:a
rekkelijkst	rekkelijk:a
rekkelijke	rekkelijk:a
rekkelijkere	rekkelijk:a
rekkelijkste	rekkelijk:a
rotspunten	rotspunt:n
rotspuntje	rotspunt:n
familierecepten	familierecept:n
apporteer	apporteren:v
apporteerde	apporteren:v
apporteert	apporteren:v
apporteerden	apporteren:v
apporterend	apporteren:v
geapporteerd	apporteren:v
welgelukzaliger	welgelukzalig:a
welgelukzaligst	welgelukzalig:a
welgelukzalige	welgelukzalig:a
welgelukzaligere	welgelukzalig:a
welgelukzaligste	welgelukzalig:a
kaalkap	kaalkappen:v
kaalkapte	kaalkappen:v
kaalkapt	kaalkappen:v
kaalkapten	kaalkappen:v
kaalkappend	kaalkappen:v
kaalgekapt	kaalkappen:v
kaalsla	kaalslaan:v
kaalsloeg	kaalslaan:v
kaalslaat	kaalslaan:v
kaalsloegen	kaalslaan:v
kaalslaand	kaalslaan:v
kaalgeslagen	kaalslaan:v
kaalknip	kaalknippen:v
kaalknipte	kaalknippen:v
kaalknipt	kaalknippen:v
kaalknipten	kaalknippen:v
kaalknippend	kaalknippen:v
kaalgeknipt	kaalknippen:v
kaalpluk	kaalplukken:v
kaalplukte	kaalplukken:v
kaalplukt	kaalplukken:v
kaalplukten	kaalplukken:v
kaalplukkend	kaalplukken:v
kaalgeplukt	kaalplukken:v
kaalvreet	kaalvreten:v
kaalvrat	kaalvreten:v
kaalvraten	kaalvreten:v
kaalvretend	kaalvreten:v
kaalgevreten	kaalvreten:v
kaalhoofdiger	kaalhoofdig:a
kaalhoofdigst	kaalhoofdig:a
kaalhoofdige	kaalhoofdig:a
kaalhoofdigere	kaalhoofdig:a
kaalhoofdigste	kaalhoofdig:a
kaalplukteams	kaalplukteam:n
wegscheer	wegscheren:v
wegschoor	wegscheren:v
wegscheert	wegscheren:v
wegschoren	wegscheren:v
wegscherend	wegscheren:v
weggeschoren	wegscheren:v
wegscheerde	wegscheren:v
wegscheerden	wegscheren:v
weggescheerd	wegscheren:v
bijscheer	bijscheren:v
bijschoor	bijscheren:v
bijscheert	bijscheren:v
bijschoren	bijscheren:v
bijscherend	bijscheren:v
bijgeschoren	bijscheren:v
non-stopvluchten	non-stopvlucht:n
non-stopprogramma's	non-stopprogramma:n
radioprogramma's	radioprogramma:n
radioprogrammaatje	radioprogramma:n
dansstijlen	dansstijl:n
brandluchten	brandlucht:n
somp	zomp:n
omstoot	omstoten:v
omstootte	omstoten:v
omstootten	omstoten:v
omstotend	omstoten:v
omgestoten	omstoten:v
omstiet	omstoten:v
omstieten	omstoten:v
aardbeienyoghurts	aardbeienyoghurt:n
aardbeienjams	aardbeienjam:n
gassies	gassie:n
familiegeheimen	familiegeheim:n
familiegeheimpje	familiegeheim:n
feestvieringen	feestviering:n
wintervakanties	wintervakantie:n
prijs-kwaliteitsverhoudingen	prijs-kwaliteitsverhouding:n
oudejaarsdiners	oudejaarsdiner:n
vuurcontacten	vuurcontact:n
vuurcontactje	vuurcontact:n
vriescoupes	vriescoupe:n
vriescoupetje	vriescoupe:n
opdruk	opdrukken:v
opdrukte	opdrukken:v
opdrukt	opdrukken:v
opdrukten	opdrukken:v
opdrukkend	opdrukken:v
opgedrukt	opdrukken:v
opdrukken	opdruk:n
brokkeliger	brokkelig:a
brokkeligst	brokkelig:a
brokkelige	brokkelig:a
brokkeligere	brokkelig:a
brokkeligste	brokkelig:a
contrasteer	contrasteren:v
contrasteerde	contrasteren:v
contrasteert	contrasteren:v
contrasteerden	contrasteren:v
contrasterend	contrasteren:v
gecontrasteerd	contrasteren:v
contrasteringen	contrastering:n
contrasterender	contrasterend:a
contrasterendst	contrasterend:a
contrasterende	contrasterend:a
contrasterendere	contrasterend:a
contrasterendste	contrasterend:a
contrastaccenten	contrastaccent:n
contrastkleuren	contrastkleur:n
contrastmiddelen	contrastmiddel:n
contrastvloeistoffen	contrastvloeistof:n
contrastratio's	contrastratio:n
contrastregelaars	contrastregelaar:n
contrastrijker	contrastrijk:a
contrastrijkst	contrastrijk:a
contrastrijke	contrastrijk:a
contrastrijkere	contrastrijk:a
contrastrijkste	contrastrijk:a
kleurcontrasten	kleurcontrast:n
kleurencontrast	kleurcontrast:n
gezichts	gezicht:n
wederpartijders	wederpartijder:n
wederpartijdertje	wederpartijder:n
familiefeesten	familiefeest:n
familiefeestje	familiefeest:n
moslimvrienden	moslimvriend:n
verviervoudig	verviervoudigen:v
verviervoudigde	verviervoudigen:v
verviervoudigt	verviervoudigen:v
verviervoudigden	verviervoudigen:v
verviervoudigend	verviervoudigen:v
verviervoudigd	verviervoudigen:v
vervijfvoudig	vervijfvoudigen:v
vervijfvoudigde	vervijfvoudigen:v
vervijfvoudigt	vervijfvoudigen:v
vervijfvoudigden	vervijfvoudigen:v
vervijfvoudigend	vervijfvoudigen:v
vervijfvoudigd	vervijfvoudigen:v
mummel	mummelen:v
mummelde	mummelen:v
mummelt	mummelen:v
mummelden	mummelen:v
mummelend	mummelen:v
gemummeld	mummelen:v
arelaxter	arelaxed:a
arelaxtst	arelaxed:a
arelaxte	arelaxed:a
arelaxtere	arelaxed:a
arelaxtste	arelaxed:a
a-relaxed	arelaxed:a
arelaxt	arelaxed:a
a-relaxt	arelaxed:a
feestverlichtingen	feestverlichting:n
impacteer	impacteren:v
impacteerde	impacteren:v
impacteert	impacteren:v
impacteerden	impacteren:v
impacterend	impacteren:v
geïmpacteerd	impacteren:v
neersabel	neersabelen:v
neersabelde	neersabelen:v
neersabelt	neersabelen:v
neersabelden	neersabelen:v
neersabelend	neersabelen:v
neergesabeld	neersabelen:v
verliezers	verliezer:n
verliezertje	verliezer:n
privéberichten	privébericht:n
privéberichtje	privébericht:n
goudenmedaillewinnaars	goudenmedaillewinnaar:n
zilverenmedaillewinnaars	zilverenmedaillewinnaar:n
bronzenmedaillewinnaars	bronzenmedaillewinnaar:n
goudenmedaillewinnares	goudenmedaillewinnaar:n
zilverenmedaillewinnares	zilverenmedaillewinnaar:n
bronzenmedaillewinnares	bronzenmedaillewinnaar:n
medaillewinnaars	medaillewinnaar:n
medaillewinnares	medaillewinnaar:n
popalbums	popalbum:n
popsongs	popsong:n
concerttickets	concertticket:n
lievelingsliederen	lievelingslied:n
lievelingsliedje	lievelingslied:n
popliederen	poplied:n
popliedje	poplied:n
geweldigs	geweldig:a
koninkrijks	koninkrijk:n
dansbewegingen	dansbeweging:n
dansbeweginkje	dansbeweging:n
kamerheren	kamerheer:n
statistieken	statistiek:n
statistiekje	statistiek:n
statistieke	statistiek:a
roebels	roebel:n
roebeltje	roebel:n
reliëfs	reliëf:n
uitklok	uitklokken:v
uitklokte	uitklokken:v
uitklokt	uitklokken:v
uitklokten	uitklokken:v
uitklokkend	uitklokken:v
uitgeklokt	uitklokken:v
sporttassen	sporttas:n
sporttasje	sporttas:n
mueslirepen	mueslireep:n
mueslireepje	mueslireep:n
dolblije	dolblij:a
wake-upcalls	wake-upcall:n
vleesetende	vleesetend:a
telepaten	telepaat:n
telepaatje	telepaat:n
tactischer	tactisch:a
tactischt	tactisch:a
tactische	tactisch:a
tactischere	tactisch:a
tactischte	tactisch:a
sterrenhemels	sterrenhemel:n
sterrenhemeltje	sterrenhemel:n
schaafsels	schaafsel:n
amandelschaafsels	amandelschaafsel:n
schaakspellen	schaakspel:n
schaakspelen	schaakspel:n
schaatsbanen	schaatsbaan:n
schaatsbaantje	schaatsbaan:n
taakverdelingen	taakverdeling:n
takenverdeling	taakverdeling:n
takenlijsten	takenlijst:n
takenlijstje	takenlijst:n
to-dolijsten	to-dolijst:n
to-dolijstje	to-dolijst:n
tafelvoetbalspellen	tafelvoetbalspel:n
tafelvoetbalspelen	tafelvoetbalspel:n
thuisbreng	thuisbrengen:v
thuisbracht	thuisbrengen:v
thuisbrengt	thuisbrengen:v
thuisbrachten	thuisbrengen:v
thuisbrengend	thuisbrengen:v
thuisgebracht	thuisbrengen:v
thuisbrengers	thuisbrenger:n
thuisbrengertje	thuisbrenger:n
thuiskomers	thuiskomer:n
thuiskomertje	thuiskomer:n
kieper	kieperen:v
kieperde	kieperen:v
kiepert	kieperen:v
kieperden	kieperen:v
kieperend	kieperen:v
gekieperd	kieperen:v
opdringeriger	opdringerig:a
opdringerigst	opdringerig:a
opdringerige	opdringerig:a
opdringerigere	opdringerig:a
opdringerigste	opdringerig:a
kernwapenvrije	kernwapenvrij:a
kernvrije	kernvrij:a
atoomvrije	atoomvrij:a
deis	deizen:v
deisde	deizen:v
deist	deizen:v
deisden	deizen:v
deizend	deizen:v
gedeisd	deizen:v
uitteer	uitteren:v
uitteerde	uitteren:v
uitteert	uitteren:v
uitteerden	uitteren:v
uitterend	uitteren:v
uitgeteerd	uitteren:v
gruiziger	gruizig:a
gruizigst	gruizig:a
gruizige	gruizig:a
gruizigere	gruizig:a
gruizigste	gruizig:a
nokvolle	nokvol:a
inbussleutels	inbussleutel:n
inbussleuteltje	inbussleutel:n
afstrijd	afstrijden:v
afstreed	afstrijden:v
afstrijdt	afstrijden:v
afstreden	afstrijden:v
afstrijdend	afstrijden:v
afgestreden	afstrijden:v
middelpuntzoekende	middelpuntzoekend:a
zaadcellen	zaadcel:n
spermacellen	spermacel:n
achtergrondinformaties	achtergrondinformatie:n
dagbestedingen	dagbesteding:n
daginvullingen	daginvulling:n
tijdsbestedingen	tijdsbesteding:n
vrijetijdsbestedingen	vrijetijdsbesteding:n
tijdbesteding	tijdsbesteding:n
vrijetijdbesteding	vrijetijdsbesteding:n
dergelijks	dergelijk:t
teerders	teer:a
oordeelkundiger	oordeelkundig:a
oordeelkundigst	oordeelkundig:a
oordeelkundige	oordeelkundig:a
oordeelkundigere	oordeelkundig:a
oordeelkundigste	oordeelkundig:a
onoordeelkundiger	onoordeelkundig:a
onoordeelkundigst	onoordeelkundig:a
onoordeelkundige	onoordeelkundig:a
onoordeelkundigere	onoordeelkundig:a
onoordeelkundigste	onoordeelkundig:a
verfijnds	verfijnd:a
aangrijnsbaarder	aangrijnsbaar:a
aangrijnsbaarst	aangrijnsbaar:a
aangrijnsbaardere	aangrijnsbaar:a
aangrijnsbaarste	aangrijnsbaar:a
aangrijnsbare	aangrijnsbaar:a
aanhechtbaarder	aanhechtbaar:a
aanhechtbaarst	aanhechtbaar:a
aanhechtbaardere	aanhechtbaar:a
aanhechtbaarste	aanhechtbaar:a
aanhechtbare	aanhechtbaar:a
aanhoorbaarder	aanhoorbaar:a
aanhoorbaarst	aanhoorbaar:a
aanhoorbaardere	aanhoorbaar:a
aanhoorbaarste	aanhoorbaar:a
aanhoorbare	aanhoorbaar:a
aanhoudbaarder	aanhoudbaar:a
aanhoudbaarst	aanhoudbaar:a
aanhoudbaardere	aanhoudbaar:a
aanhoudbaarste	aanhoudbaar:a
aanhoudbare	aanhoudbaar:a
aanjuichbaarder	aanjuichbaar:a
aanjuichbaarst	aanjuichbaar:a
aanjuichbaardere	aanjuichbaar:a
aanjuichbaarste	aanjuichbaar:a
aanjuichbare	aanjuichbaar:a
aankleedbaarder	aankleedbaar:a
aankleedbaarst	aankleedbaar:a
aankleedbaardere	aankleedbaar:a
aankleedbaarste	aankleedbaar:a
aankleedbare	aankleedbaar:a
aanklikbaarder	aanklikbaar:a
aanklikbaarst	aanklikbaar:a
aanklikbaardere	aanklikbaar:a
aanklikbaarste	aanklikbaar:a
aanklikbare	aanklikbaar:a
aanknoopbaarder	aanknoopbaar:a
aanknoopbaarst	aanknoopbaar:a
aanknoopbaardere	aanknoopbaar:a
aanknoopbaarste	aanknoopbaar:a
aanknoopbare	aanknoopbaar:a
aankondigbaarder	aankondigbaar:a
aankondigbaarst	aankondigbaar:a
aankondigbaardere	aankondigbaar:a
aankondigbaarste	aankondigbaar:a
aankondigbare	aankondigbaar:a
aankoopbaarder	aankoopbaar:a
aankoopbaarst	aankoopbaar:a
aankoopbaardere	aankoopbaar:a
aankoopbaarste	aankoopbaar:a
aankoopbare	aankoopbaar:a
aankoppelbaarder	aankoppelbaar:a
aankoppelbaarst	aankoppelbaar:a
aankoppelbaardere	aankoppelbaar:a
aankoppelbaarste	aankoppelbaar:a
aankoppelbare	aankoppelbaar:a
aankweekbaarder	aankweekbaar:a
aankweekbaarst	aankweekbaar:a
aankweekbaardere	aankweekbaar:a
aankweekbaarste	aankweekbaar:a
aankweekbare	aankweekbaar:a
aanleerbaarder	aanleerbaar:a
aanleerbaarst	aanleerbaar:a
aanleerbaardere	aanleerbaar:a
aanleerbaarste	aanleerbaar:a
aanleerbare	aanleerbaar:a
aanmengbaarder	aanmengbaar:a
aanmengbaarst	aanmengbaar:a
aanmengbaardere	aanmengbaar:a
aanmengbaarste	aanmengbaar:a
aanmengbare	aanmengbaar:a
aanmuntbaarder	aanmuntbaar:a
aanmuntbaarst	aanmuntbaar:a
aanmuntbaardere	aanmuntbaar:a
aanmuntbaarste	aanmuntbaar:a
aanmuntbare	aanmuntbaar:a
aannaaibaarder	aannaaibaar:a
aannaaibaarst	aannaaibaar:a
aannaaibaardere	aannaaibaar:a
aannaaibaarste	aannaaibaar:a
aannaaibare	aannaaibaar:a
aanprijsbaarder	aanprijsbaar:a
aanprijsbaarst	aanprijsbaar:a
aanprijsbaardere	aanprijsbaar:a
aanprijsbaarste	aanprijsbaar:a
aanprijsbare	aanprijsbaar:a
eerzamer	eerzaam:a
eerzaamst	eerzaam:a
eerzamere	eerzaam:a
eerzaamste	eerzaam:a
eerzame	eerzaam:a
duldzamer	duldzaam:a
duldzaamst	duldzaam:a
duldzamere	duldzaam:a
duldzaamste	duldzaam:a
duldzame	duldzaam:a
draagzamer	draagzaam:a|bestuurzaam:a
draagzaamst	draagzaam:a
draagzamere	draagzaam:a|bestuurzaam:a
draagzaamste	draagzaam:a
draagzame	draagzaam:a|bestuurzaam:a
deelzamer	deelzaam:a
deelzaamst	deelzaam:a
deelzamere	deelzaam:a
deelzaamste	deelzaam:a
deelzame	deelzaam:a
bruikzamer	bruikzaam:a
bruikzaamst	bruikzaam:a
bruikzamere	bruikzaam:a
bruikzaamste	bruikzaam:a
bruikzame	bruikzaam:a
bidzamer	bidzaam:a
bidzaamst	bidzaam:a
bidzamere	bidzaam:a
bidzaamste	bidzaam:a
bidzame	bidzaam:a
lijdzamer	lijdzaam:a
lijdzaamst	lijdzaam:a
lijdzamere	lijdzaam:a
lijdzaamste	lijdzaam:a
lijdzame	lijdzaam:a
leedzamer	leedzaam:a
leedzaamst	leedzaam:a
leedzamere	leedzaam:a
leedzaamste	leedzaam:a
leedzame	leedzaam:a
leefzamer	leefzaam:a
leefzaamst	leefzaam:a
leefzamere	leefzaam:a
leefzaamste	leefzaam:a
leefzame	leefzaam:a
heelzamer	heelzaam:a
heelzaamst	heelzaam:a
heelzamere	heelzaam:a
heelzaamste	heelzaam:a
heelzame	heelzaam:a
handzamer	handzaam:a
handzaamst	handzaam:a
handzamere	handzaam:a
handzaamste	handzaam:a
handzame	handzaam:a
hulpzamer	hulpzaam:a
hulpzaamst	hulpzaam:a
hulpzamere	hulpzaam:a
hulpzaamste	hulpzaam:a
hulpzame	hulpzaam:a
bedrijfsvoorheffingen	bedrijfsvoorheffing:n
aanraadbaarder	aanraadbaar:a
aanraadbaarst	aanraadbaar:a
aanraadbaardere	aanraadbaar:a
aanraadbaarste	aanraadbaar:a
aanraadbare	aanraadbaar:a
aanritsbaarder	aanritsbaar:a
aanritsbaarst	aanritsbaar:a
aanritsbaardere	aanritsbaar:a
aanritsbaarste	aanritsbaar:a
aanritsbare	aanritsbaar:a
aanroepbaarder	aanroepbaar:a
aanroepbaarst	aanroepbaar:a
aanroepbaardere	aanroepbaar:a
aanroepbaarste	aanroepbaar:a
aanroepbare	aanroepbaar:a
aanschafbaarder	aanschafbaar:a
aanschafbaarst	aanschafbaar:a
aanschafbaardere	aanschafbaar:a
aanschafbaarste	aanschafbaar:a
aanschafbare	aanschafbaar:a
aanschouwbaarder	aanschouwbaar:a
aanschouwbaarst	aanschouwbaar:a
aanschouwbaardere	aanschouwbaar:a
aanschouwbaarste	aanschouwbaar:a
aanschouwbare	aanschouwbaar:a
aanschrijfbaarder	aanschrijfbaar:a
aanschrijfbaarst	aanschrijfbaar:a
aanschrijfbaardere	aanschrijfbaar:a
aanschrijfbaarste	aanschrijfbaar:a
aanschrijfbare	aanschrijfbaar:a
aanspeelbaarder	aanspeelbaar:a
aanspeelbaarst	aanspeelbaar:a
aanspeelbaardere	aanspeelbaar:a
aanspeelbaarste	aanspeelbaar:a
aanspeelbare	aanspeelbaar:a
aanstelbaarder	aanstelbaar:a
aanstelbaarst	aanstelbaar:a
aanstelbaardere	aanstelbaar:a
aanstelbaarste	aanstelbaar:a
aanstelbare	aanstelbaar:a
aanstipbaarder	aanstipbaar:a
aanstipbaarst	aanstipbaar:a
aanstipbaardere	aanstipbaar:a
aanstipbaarste	aanstipbaar:a
aanstipbare	aanstipbaar:a
aanstreepbaarder	aanstreepbaar:a
aanstreepbaarst	aanstreepbaar:a
aanstreepbaardere	aanstreepbaar:a
aanstreepbaarste	aanstreepbaar:a
aanstreepbare	aanstreepbaar:a
aanstuurbaarder	aanstuurbaar:a
aanstuurbaarst	aanstuurbaar:a
aanstuurbaardere	aanstuurbaar:a
aanstuurbaarste	aanstuurbaar:a
aanstuurbare	aanstuurbaar:a
aantrekbaarder	aantrekbaar:a
aantrekbaarst	aantrekbaar:a
aantrekbaardere	aantrekbaar:a
aantrekbaarste	aantrekbaar:a
aantrekbare	aantrekbaar:a
aanvechtbaarder	aanvechtbaar:a
aanvechtbaarst	aanvechtbaar:a
aanvechtbaardere	aanvechtbaar:a
aanvechtbaarste	aanvechtbaar:a
aanvechtbare	aanvechtbaar:a
aanvliegbaarder	aanvliegbaar:a
aanvliegbaarst	aanvliegbaar:a
aanvliegbaardere	aanvliegbaar:a
aanvliegbaarste	aanvliegbaar:a
aanvliegbare	aanvliegbaar:a
aanvoelbaarder	aanvoelbaar:a
aanvoelbaarst	aanvoelbaar:a
aanvoelbaardere	aanvoelbaar:a
aanvoelbaarste	aanvoelbaar:a
aanvoelbare	aanvoelbaar:a
aanvoerbaarder	aanvoerbaar:a
aanvoerbaarst	aanvoerbaar:a
aanvoerbaardere	aanvoerbaar:a
aanvoerbaarste	aanvoerbaar:a
aanvoerbare	aanvoerbaar:a
aanwendbaarder	aanwendbaar:a
aanwendbaarst	aanwendbaar:a
aanwendbaardere	aanwendbaar:a
aanwendbaarste	aanwendbaar:a
aanwendbare	aanwendbaar:a
aanwijsbaarder	aanwijsbaar:a
aanwijsbaarst	aanwijsbaar:a
aanwijsbaardere	aanwijsbaar:a
aanwijsbaarste	aanwijsbaar:a
aanwijsbare	aanwijsbaar:a
aanzienbaarder	aanzienbaar:a
aanzienbaarst	aanzienbaar:a
aanzienbaardere	aanzienbaar:a
aanzienbaarste	aanzienbaar:a
aanzienbare	aanzienbaar:a
absorbeerbaarder	absorbeerbaar:a
absorbeerbaarst	absorbeerbaar:a
absorbeerbaardere	absorbeerbaar:a
absorbeerbaarste	absorbeerbaar:a
absorbeerbare	absorbeerbaar:a
accepteerbaarder	accepteerbaar:a
accepteerbaarst	accepteerbaar:a
accepteerbaardere	accepteerbaar:a
accepteerbaarste	accepteerbaar:a
accepteerbare	accepteerbaar:a
accordeerbaarder	accordeerbaar:a
accordeerbaarst	accordeerbaar:a
accordeerbaardere	accordeerbaar:a
accordeerbaarste	accordeerbaar:a
accordeerbare	accordeerbaar:a
achterhaalbaarder	achterhaalbaar:a
achterhaalbaarst	achterhaalbaar:a
achterhaalbaardere	achterhaalbaar:a
achterhaalbaarste	achterhaalbaar:a
achterhaalbare	achterhaalbaar:a
activeerbaarder	activeerbaar:a
activeerbaarst	activeerbaar:a
activeerbaardere	activeerbaar:a
activeerbaarste	activeerbaar:a
activeerbare	activeerbaar:a
adembaarder	adembaar:a
adembaarst	adembaar:a
adembaardere	adembaar:a
adembaarste	adembaar:a
adembare	adembaar:a
adopteerbaarder	adopteerbaar:a
adopteerbaarst	adopteerbaar:a
adopteerbaardere	adopteerbaar:a
adopteerbaarste	adopteerbaar:a
adopteerbare	adopteerbaar:a
adresseerbaarder	adresseerbaar:a
adresseerbaarst	adresseerbaar:a
adresseerbaardere	adresseerbaar:a
adresseerbaarste	adresseerbaar:a
adresseerbare	adresseerbaar:a
adstrueerbaarder	adstrueerbaar:a
adstrueerbaarst	adstrueerbaar:a
adstrueerbaardere	adstrueerbaar:a
adstrueerbaarste	adstrueerbaar:a
adstrueerbare	adstrueerbaar:a
adverteerbaarder	adverteerbaar:a
adverteerbaarst	adverteerbaar:a
adverteerbaardere	adverteerbaar:a
adverteerbaarste	adverteerbaar:a
adverteerbare	adverteerbaar:a
adviseerbaarder	adviseerbaar:a
adviseerbaarst	adviseerbaar:a
adviseerbaardere	adviseerbaar:a
adviseerbaarste	adviseerbaar:a
adviseerbare	adviseerbaar:a
afbeeldbaarder	afbeeldbaar:a
afbeeldbaarst	afbeeldbaar:a
afbeeldbaardere	afbeeldbaar:a
afbeeldbaarste	afbeeldbaar:a
afbeeldbare	afbeeldbaar:a
afbetaalbaarder	afbetaalbaar:a
afbetaalbaarst	afbetaalbaar:a
afbetaalbaardere	afbetaalbaar:a
afbetaalbaarste	afbetaalbaar:a
afbetaalbare	afbetaalbaar:a
afboekbaarder	afboekbaar:a
afboekbaarst	afboekbaar:a
afboekbaardere	afboekbaar:a
afboekbaarste	afboekbaar:a
afboekbare	afboekbaar:a
afbreekbaarder	afbreekbaar:a
afbreekbaarst	afbreekbaar:a
afbreekbaardere	afbreekbaar:a
afbreekbaarste	afbreekbaar:a
afbreekbare	afbreekbaar:a
afbuigbaarder	afbuigbaar:a
afbuigbaarst	afbuigbaar:a
afbuigbaardere	afbuigbaar:a
afbuigbaarste	afbuigbaar:a
afbuigbare	afbuigbaar:a
afdichtbaarder	afdichtbaar:a
afdichtbaarst	afdichtbaar:a
afdichtbaardere	afdichtbaar:a
afdichtbaarste	afdichtbaar:a
afdichtbare	afdichtbaar:a
afdingbaarder	afdingbaar:a
afdingbaarst	afdingbaar:a
afdingbaardere	afdingbaar:a
afdingbaarste	afdingbaar:a
afdingbare	afdingbaar:a
afdraaibaarder	afdraaibaar:a
afdraaibaarst	afdraaibaar:a
afdraaibaardere	afdraaibaar:a
afdraaibaarste	afdraaibaar:a
afdraaibare	afdraaibaar:a
afdroogbaarder	afdroogbaar:a
afdroogbaarst	afdroogbaar:a
afdroogbaardere	afdroogbaar:a
afdroogbaarste	afdroogbaar:a
afdroogbare	afdroogbaar:a
afdrukbaarder	afdrukbaar:a
afdrukbaarst	afdrukbaar:a
afdrukbaardere	afdrukbaar:a
afdrukbaarste	afdrukbaar:a
afdrukbare	afdrukbaar:a
afdwingbaarder	afdwingbaar:a
afdwingbaarst	afdwingbaar:a
afdwingbaardere	afdwingbaar:a
afdwingbaarste	afdwingbaar:a
afdwingbare	afdwingbaar:a
afgrendelbaarder	afgrendelbaar:a
afgrendelbaarst	afgrendelbaar:a
afgrendelbaardere	afgrendelbaar:a
afgrendelbaarste	afgrendelbaar:a
afgrendelbare	afgrendelbaar:a
afgrensbaarder	afgrensbaar:a
afgrensbaarst	afgrensbaar:a
afgrensbaardere	afgrensbaar:a
afgrensbaarste	afgrensbaar:a
afgrensbare	afgrensbaar:a
afgrijsbaarder	afgrijsbaar:a
afgrijsbaarst	afgrijsbaar:a
afgrijsbaardere	afgrijsbaar:a
afgrijsbaarste	afgrijsbaar:a
afgrijsbare	afgrijsbaar:a
afhaalbaarder	afhaalbaar:a
afhaalbaarst	afhaalbaar:a
afhaalbaardere	afhaalbaar:a
afhaalbaarste	afhaalbaar:a
afhaalbare	afhaalbaar:a
afhuurbaarder	afhuurbaar:a
afhuurbaarst	afhuurbaar:a
afhuurbaardere	afhuurbaar:a
afhuurbaarste	afhuurbaar:a
afhuurbare	afhuurbaar:a
afklikbaarder	afklikbaar:a
afklikbaarst	afklikbaar:a
afklikbaardere	afklikbaar:a
afklikbaarste	afklikbaar:a
afklikbare	afklikbaar:a
afknijpbaarder	afknijpbaar:a
afknijpbaarst	afknijpbaar:a
afknijpbaardere	afknijpbaar:a
afknijpbaarste	afknijpbaar:a
afknijpbare	afknijpbaar:a
afknipbaarder	afknipbaar:a
afknipbaarst	afknipbaar:a
afknipbaardere	afknipbaar:a
afknipbaarste	afknipbaar:a
afknipbare	afknipbaar:a
afknoopbaarder	afknoopbaar:a
afknoopbaarst	afknoopbaar:a
afknoopbaardere	afknoopbaar:a
afknoopbaarste	afknoopbaar:a
afknoopbare	afknoopbaar:a
afkoopbaarder	afkoopbaar:a
afkoopbaarst	afkoopbaar:a
afkoopbaardere	afkoopbaar:a
afkoopbaarste	afkoopbaar:a
afkoopbare	afkoopbaar:a
afleesbaarder	afleesbaar:a
afleesbaarst	afleesbaar:a
afleesbaardere	afleesbaar:a
afleesbaarste	afleesbaar:a
afleesbare	afleesbaar:a
afleidbaarder	afleidbaar:a
afleidbaarst	afleidbaar:a
afleidbaardere	afleidbaar:a
afleidbaarste	afleidbaar:a
afleidbare	afleidbaar:a
afleverbaarder	afleverbaar:a
afleverbaarst	afleverbaar:a
afleverbaardere	afleverbaar:a
afleverbaarste	afleverbaar:a
afleverbare	afleverbaar:a
aflikbaarder	aflikbaar:a
aflikbaarst	aflikbaar:a
aflikbaardere	aflikbaar:a
aflikbaarste	aflikbaar:a
aflikbare	aflikbaar:a
aflosbaarder	aflosbaar:a
aflosbaarst	aflosbaar:a
aflosbaardere	aflosbaar:a
aflosbaarste	aflosbaar:a
aflosbare	aflosbaar:a
afluisterbaarder	afluisterbaar:a
afluisterbaarst	afluisterbaar:a
afluisterbaardere	afluisterbaar:a
afluisterbaarste	afluisterbaar:a
afluisterbare	afluisterbaar:a
afmeetbaarder	afmeetbaar:a
afmeetbaarst	afmeetbaar:a
afmeetbaardere	afmeetbaar:a
afmeetbaarste	afmeetbaar:a
afmeetbare	afmeetbaar:a
afneembaarder	afneembaar:a
afneembaarst	afneembaar:a
afneembaardere	afneembaar:a
afneembaarste	afneembaar:a
afneembare	afneembaar:a
afpelbaarder	afpelbaar:a
afpelbaarst	afpelbaar:a
afpelbaardere	afpelbaar:a
afpelbaarste	afpelbaar:a
afpelbare	afpelbaar:a
afraadbaarder	afraadbaar:a
afraadbaarst	afraadbaar:a
afraadbaardere	afraadbaar:a
afraadbaarste	afraadbaar:a
afraadbare	afraadbaar:a
afregelbaarder	afregelbaar:a
afregelbaarst	afregelbaar:a
afregelbaardere	afregelbaar:a
afregelbaarste	afregelbaar:a
afregelbare	afregelbaar:a
koffiezetmachines	koffiezetmachine:n
koffiezetmachientje	koffiezetmachine:n
koffiezetmachinetje	koffiezetmachine:n
afspreekbaarder	afspreekbaar:a
afspreekbaarst	afspreekbaar:a
afspreekbaardere	afspreekbaar:a
afspreekbaarste	afspreekbaar:a
afspreekbare	afspreekbaar:a
afrekenbaarder	afrekenbaar:a
afrekenbaarst	afrekenbaar:a
afrekenbaardere	afrekenbaar:a
afrekenbaarste	afrekenbaar:a
afrekenbare	afrekenbaar:a
afritsbaarder	afritsbaar:a
afritsbaarst	afritsbaar:a
afritsbaardere	afritsbaar:a
afritsbaarste	afritsbaar:a
afritsbare	afritsbaar:a
aardbanen	aardbaan:n
aardbaantje	aardbaan:n
aardbaan	aardebaan:n
afroepbaarder	afroepbaar:a
afroepbaarst	afroepbaar:a
afroepbaardere	afroepbaar:a
afroepbaarste	afroepbaar:a
afroepbare	afroepbaar:a
aardebanen	aardebaan:n
aardebaantje	aardebaan:n
afrolbaarder	afrolbaar:a
afrolbaarst	afrolbaar:a
afrolbaardere	afrolbaar:a
afrolbaarste	afrolbaar:a
afrolbare	afrolbaar:a
aardappeloogsten	aardappeloogst:n
afschafbaarder	afschafbaar:a
afschafbaarst	afschafbaar:a
afschafbaardere	afschafbaar:a
afschafbaarste	afschafbaar:a
afschafbare	afschafbaar:a
afschakelbaarder	afschakelbaar:a
afschakelbaarst	afschakelbaar:a
afschakelbaardere	afschakelbaar:a
afschakelbaarste	afschakelbaar:a
afschakelbare	afschakelbaar:a
afscheidbaarder	afscheidbaar:a
afscheidbaarst	afscheidbaar:a
afscheidbaardere	afscheidbaar:a
afscheidbaarste	afscheidbaar:a
afscheidbare	afscheidbaar:a
afscheurbaarder	afscheurbaar:a
afscheurbaarst	afscheurbaar:a
afscheurbaardere	afscheurbaar:a
afscheurbaarste	afscheurbaar:a
afscheurbare	afscheurbaar:a
aardlagen	aardlaag:n
aardlaagje	aardlaag:n
afschietbaarder	afschietbaar:a
afschietbaarst	afschietbaar:a
afschietbaardere	afschietbaar:a
afschietbaarste	afschietbaar:a
afschietbare	afschietbaar:a
afschrijfbaarder	afschrijfbaar:a
afschrijfbaarst	afschrijfbaar:a
afschrijfbaardere	afschrijfbaar:a
afschrijfbaarste	afschrijfbaar:a
afschrijfbare	afschrijfbaar:a
aardoppervlakten	aardoppervlakte:n
aardoppervlaktes	aardoppervlakte:n
afschroefbaarder	afschroefbaar:a
afschroefbaarst	afschroefbaar:a
afschroefbaardere	afschroefbaar:a
afschroefbaarste	afschroefbaar:a
afschroefbare	afschroefbaar:a
afschuifbaarder	afschuifbaar:a
afschuifbaarst	afschuifbaar:a
afschuifbaardere	afschuifbaar:a
afschuifbaarste	afschuifbaar:a
afschuifbare	afschuifbaar:a
abrikozenpitten	abrikozenpit:n
abrikozenpitje	abrikozenpit:n
afschuwbaarder	afschuwbaar:a
afschuwbaarst	afschuwbaar:a
afschuwbare	afschuwbaar:a
afschuwbaardere	afschuwbaar:a
afschuwbaarste	afschuwbaar:a
afslibbaarder	afslibbaar:a
afslibbaarst	afslibbaar:a
afslibbaardere	afslibbaar:a
afslibbaarste	afslibbaar:a
afslibbare	afslibbaar:a
achtenswaardiger	achtenswaardig:a
achtenswaardigst	achtenswaardig:a
achtenswaardige	achtenswaardig:a
achtenswaardigere	achtenswaardig:a
achtenswaardigste	achtenswaardig:a
achtenswaarder	achtenswaard:a
achtenswaardst	achtenswaard:a
achtenswaarde	achtenswaard:a
achtenswaardere	achtenswaard:a
achtenswaardste	achtenswaard:a
afsopbaarder	afsopbaar:a
afsopbaarst	afsopbaar:a
afsopbaardere	afsopbaar:a
afsopbaarste	afsopbaar:a
afsopbare	afsopbaar:a
achtingswaarder	achtingswaard:a
achtingswaardst	achtingswaard:a
achtingswaarde	achtingswaard:a
achtingswaardere	achtingswaard:a
achtingswaardste	achtingswaard:a
achtingswaardiger	achtingswaardig:a
achtingswaardigst	achtingswaardig:a
achtingswaardige	achtingswaardig:a
achtingswaardigere	achtingswaardig:a
achtingswaardigste	achtingswaardig:a
afspeelbaarder	afspeelbaar:a
afspeelbaarst	afspeelbaar:a
afspeelbaardere	afspeelbaar:a
afspeelbaarste	afspeelbaar:a
afspeelbare	afspeelbaar:a
afsplitsbaarder	afsplitsbaar:a
afsplitsbaarst	afsplitsbaar:a
afsplitsbaardere	afsplitsbaar:a
afsplitsbaarste	afsplitsbaar:a
afsplitsbare	afsplitsbaar:a
afspoelbaarder	afspoelbaar:a
afspoelbaarst	afspoelbaar:a
afspoelbaardere	afspoelbaar:a
afspoelbaarste	afspoelbaar:a
afspoelbare	afspoelbaar:a
afstelbaarder	afstelbaar:a
afstelbaarst	afstelbaar:a
afstelbaardere	afstelbaar:a
afstelbaarste	afstelbaar:a
afstelbare	afstelbaar:a
aftapbaarder	aftapbaar:a
aftapbaarst	aftapbaar:a
aftapbaardere	aftapbaar:a
aftapbaarste	aftapbaar:a
aftapbare	aftapbaar:a
aftastbaarder	aftastbaar:a
aftastbaarst	aftastbaar:a
aftastbaardere	aftastbaar:a
aftastbaarste	aftastbaar:a
aftastbare	aftastbaar:a
afvuurbaarder	afvuurbaar:a
afvuurbaarst	afvuurbaar:a
afvuurbaardere	afvuurbaar:a
afvuurbaarste	afvuurbaar:a
afvuurbare	afvuurbaar:a
afwasbaarder	afwasbaar:a
afwasbaarst	afwasbaar:a
afwasbaardere	afwasbaar:a
afwasbaarste	afwasbaar:a
afwasbare	afwasbaar:a
afweegbaarder	afweegbaar:a
afweegbaarst	afweegbaar:a
afweegbaardere	afweegbaar:a
afweegbaarste	afweegbaar:a
afweegbare	afweegbaar:a
afweerbaarder	afweerbaar:a
afweerbaarst	afweerbaar:a
afweerbaardere	afweerbaar:a
afweerbaarste	afweerbaar:a
afweerbare	afweerbaar:a
afwerpbaarder	afwerpbaar:a
afwerpbaarst	afwerpbaar:a
afwerpbaardere	afwerpbaar:a
afwerpbaarste	afwerpbaar:a
afwerpbare	afwerpbaar:a
afwijkbaarder	afwijkbaar:a
afwijkbaarst	afwijkbaar:a
afwijkbaardere	afwijkbaar:a
afwijkbaarste	afwijkbaar:a
afwijkbare	afwijkbaar:a
afwijsbaarder	afwijsbaar:a
afwijsbaarst	afwijsbaar:a
afwijsbaardere	afwijsbaar:a
afwijsbaarste	afwijsbaar:a
afwijsbare	afwijsbaar:a
afwikkelbaarder	afwikkelbaar:a
afwikkelbaarst	afwikkelbaar:a
afwikkelbaardere	afwikkelbaar:a
afwikkelbaarste	afwikkelbaar:a
afwikkelbare	afwikkelbaar:a
afwisbaarder	afwisbaar:a
afwisbaarst	afwisbaar:a
afwisbaardere	afwisbaar:a
afwisbaarste	afwisbaar:a
afwisbare	afwisbaar:a
afwisselbaarder	afwisselbaar:a
afwisselbaarst	afwisselbaar:a
afwisselbaardere	afwisselbaar:a
afwisselbaarste	afwisselbaar:a
afwisselbare	afwisselbaar:a
afzeembaarder	afzeembaar:a
afzeembaarst	afzeembaar:a
afzeembaardere	afzeembaar:a
afzeembaarste	afzeembaar:a
afzeembare	afzeembaar:a
afzetbaarder	afzetbaar:a
afzetbaarst	afzetbaar:a
afzetbaardere	afzetbaar:a
afzetbaarste	afzetbaar:a
afzetbare	afzetbaar:a
afzichtbaarder	afzichtbaar:a
afzichtbaarst	afzichtbaar:a
afzichtbaardere	afzichtbaar:a
afzichtbaarste	afzichtbaar:a
afzichtbare	afzichtbaar:a
afzonderbaarder	afzonderbaar:a
afzonderbaarst	afzonderbaar:a
afzonderbaardere	afzonderbaar:a
afzonderbaarste	afzonderbaar:a
afzonderbare	afzonderbaar:a
achterbenen	achterbeen:n
achterbeentje	achterbeen:n
voorbenen	voorbeen:n
voorbeentje	voorbeen:n
achterkeukens	achterkeuken:n
achterkeukentje	achterkeuken:n
achtvlakken	achtvlak:n
octaëders	octaëder:n
vijfvlakken	vijfvlak:n
zesvlakken	zesvlak:n
twaalfvlakken	twaalfvlak:n
twintigvlakken	twintigvlak:n
veelvlakken	veelvlak:n
veelvlakje	veelvlak:n
bereidzamer	bereidzaam:a
bereidzaamst	bereidzaam:a
bereidzamere	bereidzaam:a
bereidzaamste	bereidzaam:a
bereidzame	bereidzaam:a
beschikzamer	beschikzaam:a
beschikzaamst	beschikzaam:a
beschikzamere	beschikzaam:a
beschikzaamste	beschikzaam:a
beschikzame	beschikzaam:a
bezorgzamer	bezorgzaam:a
bezorgzaamst	bezorgzaam:a
bezorgzamere	bezorgzaam:a
bezorgzaamste	bezorgzaam:a
bezorgzame	bezorgzaam:a
bewerkzamer	bewerkzaam:a
bewerkzaamst	bewerkzaam:a
bewerkzamere	bewerkzaam:a
bewerkzaamste	bewerkzaam:a
bewerkzame	bewerkzaam:a
zeevruchten	zeevrucht:n
zeevruchtje	zeevrucht:n
fastfoodrestaurants	fastfoodrestaurant:n
winterjassen	winterjas:n
winterjasje	winterjas:n
baanloze	baanloos:a
assenstelsels	assenstelsel:n
assenstelseltje	assenstelsel:n
pentaëders	pentaëder:n
pentaëdertje	pentaëder:n
hexaëders	hexaëder:n
hexaëdertje	hexaëder:n
icosaëders	icosaëder:n
icosaëdertje	icosaëder:n
tetraëdrale	tetraëdraal:a
viervlakkige	viervlakkig:a
tetraëdrische	tetraëdrisch:a
ademhalingsorganen	ademhalingsorgaan:n
afduw	afduwen:v
afduwde	afduwen:v
afduwt	afduwen:v
afduwden	afduwen:v
afduwend	afduwen:v
afgeduwd	afduwen:v
afdouwen	afduwen:v
afduwers	afduwer:n
afscheur	afscheuren:v
afscheurde	afscheuren:v
afscheurt	afscheuren:v
afscheurden	afscheuren:v
afscheurend	afscheuren:v
afgescheurd	afscheuren:v
afschraap	afschrapen:v
afschraapte	afschrapen:v
afschraapt	afschrapen:v
afschraapten	afschrapen:v
afschrapend	afschrapen:v
afgeschraapt	afschrapen:v
ballastlozer	ballastloos:a
ballastloost	ballastloos:a
ballastloze	ballastloos:a
ballastlozere	ballastloos:a
ballastlooste	ballastloos:a
bastelozer	basteloos:a
basteloost	basteloos:a
basteloze	basteloos:a
bastelozere	basteloos:a
bastelooste	basteloos:a
bedachtlozer	bedachtloos:a
bedachtloost	bedachtloos:a
bedachtloze	bedachtloos:a
bedachtlozere	bedachtloos:a
bedachtlooste	bedachtloos:a
bedrijflozer	bedrijveloos:a
bedrijveloost	bedrijveloos:a
bedrijfloze	bedrijveloos:a
bedrijflozere	bedrijveloos:a
bedrijvelooste	bedrijveloos:a
beenlozer	beenloos:a
beenloost	beenloos:a
beenloze	beenloos:a
beenlozere	beenloos:a
beenlooste	beenloos:a
beginsellozer	beginselloos:a
beginselloost	beginselloos:a
beginselloze	beginselloos:a
beginsellozere	beginselloos:a
beginsellooste	beginselloos:a
brodelozer	brodeloos:a
brodeloost	brodeloos:a
brodeloze	brodeloos:a
brodelozere	brodeloos:a
brodelooste	brodeloos:a
bandlozer	bandloos:a
bandloost	bandloos:a
bandloze	bandloos:a
bandlozere	bandloos:a
bandlooste	bandloos:a
begriplozer	begriploos:a
begriploost	begriploos:a
begriploze	begriploos:a
begriplozere	begriploos:a
begriplooste	begriploos:a
beseffelozer	beseffeloos:a
beseffeloost	beseffeloos:a
beseffeloze	beseffeloos:a
beseffelozere	beseffeloos:a
beseffelooste	beseffeloos:a
beweginglozer	bewegingloos:a
bewegingloost	bewegingloos:a
bewegingloze	bewegingloos:a
beweginglozere	bewegingloos:a
beweginglooste	bewegingloos:a
bloemlozer	bloemloos:a
bloemloost	bloemloos:a
bloemloze	bloemloos:a
bloemlozere	bloemloos:a
bloemlooste	bloemloos:a
bezitlozer	bezitloos:a
bezitloost	bezitloos:a
bezitloze	bezitloos:a
bezitlozere	bezitloos:a
bezitlooste	bezitloos:a
bezwaarlozer	bezwaarloos:a
bezwaarloost	bezwaarloos:a
bezwaarloze	bezwaarloos:a
bezwaarlozere	bezwaarloos:a
bezwaarlooste	bezwaarloos:a
bezinninglozer	bezinningloos:a
bezinningloost	bezinningloos:a
bezinningloze	bezinningloos:a
bezinninglozere	bezinningloos:a
bezinninglooste	bezinningloos:a
boomlozer	boomloos:a
boomloost	boomloos:a
boomloze	boomloos:a
boomlozere	boomloos:a
boomlooste	boomloos:a
cashlozer	cashloos:a
cashloost	cashloos:a
cashloze	cashloos:a
cashlozere	cashloos:a
cashlooste	cashloos:a
commentaarlozer	commentaarloos:a
commentaarloost	commentaarloos:a
commentaarloze	commentaarloos:a
commentaarlozere	commentaarloos:a
commentaarlooste	commentaarloos:a
kasjmiere	kasjmier:a
sporttruien	sporttrui:n
sporttruitje	sporttrui:n
bevestigingsmails	bevestigingsmail:n
bevestigingsmailtje	bevestigingsmail:n
afvalmaterialen	afvalmateriaal:n
afvalproducten	afvalproduct:n
alcoholconsumpties	alcoholconsumptie:n
decorlozer	decorloos:a
decorloost	decorloos:a
decorloze	decorloos:a
decorlozere	decorloos:a
decorlooste	decorloos:a
deellozer	deelloos:a
deelloost	deelloos:a
deelloze	deelloos:a
deellozere	deelloos:a
deellooste	deelloos:a
deugdelozer	deugdeloos:a
deugdeloost	deugdeloos:a
deugdeloze	deugdeloos:a
deugdelozere	deugdeloos:a
deugdelooste	deugdeloos:a
overrijper	overrijp:a
overrijpst	overrijp:a
overrijpe	overrijp:a
overrijpere	overrijp:a
overrijpste	overrijp:a
overruimer	overruim:a
overruimst	overruim:a
overruime	overruim:a
overruimere	overruim:a
overruimste	overruim:a
reisdocumenten	reisdocument:n
incheckbalies	incheckbalie:n
waardebonnen	waardebon:n
waardebons	waardebon:n
hulpvaardige	hulpvaardig:a
spotternijen	spotternij:n
spotternijtje	spotternij:n
veelvoorkomende	veelvoorkomend:a
meestvoorkomende	meestvoorkomend:a
mondjesvol	mondjevol:n
afslagplaatsen	afslagplaats:n
afslagplaatsje	afslagplaats:n
promillages	promillage:n
alcoholpercentages	alcoholpercentage:n
alcoholpromillages	alcoholpromillage:n
alcoholgehaltes	alcoholgehalte:n
alcoholgehalten	alcoholgehalte:n
alarminstallaties	alarminstallatie:n
animatiefilms	animatiefilm:n
animatiefilmpje	animatiefilm:n
animatieseries	animatieserie:n
animatiestudio's	animatiestudio:n
computeranimaties	computeranimatie:n
éénhoog	eenhoog:d
1-hoog	eenhoog:d
2-hoog	tweehoog:d
3-hoog	driehoog:d
4-hoog	vierhoog:d
5-hoog	vijfhoog:d
afspring	afspringen:v
afsprong	afspringen:v
afspringt	afspringen:v
afsprongen	afspringen:v
afspringend	afspringen:v
afgesprongen	afspringen:v
bespraakzamer	bespraakzaam:a
bespraakzaamst	bespraakzaam:a
bespraakzamere	bespraakzaam:a
bespraakzaamste	bespraakzaam:a
bespraakzame	bespraakzaam:a
beweegzamer	beweegzaam:a
beweegzaamst	beweegzaam:a
beweegzamere	beweegzaam:a
beweegzaamste	beweegzaam:a
beweegzame	beweegzaam:a
hoorzamer	hoorzaam:a
hoorzaamst	hoorzaam:a
hoorzamere	hoorzaam:a
hoorzaamste	hoorzaam:a
hoorzame	hoorzaam:a
behoudbaarder	behoudbaar:a
behoudbaarst	behoudbaar:a
behoudbare	behoudbaar:a
behoudbaardere	behoudbaar:a
behoudbaarste	behoudbaar:a
beantwoordbaarder	beantwoordbaar:a
beantwoordbaarst	beantwoordbaar:a
beantwoordbare	beantwoordbaar:a
beantwoordbaardere	beantwoordbaar:a
beantwoordbaarste	beantwoordbaar:a
beboetbaarder	beboetbaar:a
beboetbaarst	beboetbaar:a
beboetbare	beboetbaar:a
beboetbaardere	beboetbaar:a
beboetbaarste	beboetbaar:a
bebouwbaarder	bebouwbaar:a
bebouwbaarst	bebouwbaar:a
bebouwbare	bebouwbaar:a
bebouwbaardere	bebouwbaar:a
bebouwbaarste	bebouwbaar:a
becijferbaarder	becijferbaar:a
becijferbaarst	becijferbaar:a
becijferbare	becijferbaar:a
becijferbaardere	becijferbaar:a
becijferbaarste	becijferbaar:a
bederfbaarder	bederfbaar:a
bederfbaarst	bederfbaar:a
bederfbare	bederfbaar:a
bederfbaardere	bederfbaar:a
bederfbaarste	bederfbaar:a
bedienbaarder	bedienbaar:a
bedienbaarst	bedienbaar:a
bedienbare	bedienbaar:a
bedienbaardere	bedienbaar:a
bedienbaarste	bedienbaar:a
bedilbaarder	bedilbaar:a
bedilbaarst	bedilbaar:a
bedilbare	bedilbaar:a
bedilbaardere	bedilbaar:a
bedilbaarste	bedilbaar:a
bedingbaarder	bedingbaar:a
bedingbaarst	bedingbaar:a
bedingbare	bedingbaar:a
bedingbaardere	bedingbaar:a
bedingbaarste	bedingbaar:a
bediscussieerbaarder	bediscussieerbaar:a
bediscussieerbaarst	bediscussieerbaar:a
bediscussieerbare	bediscussieerbaar:a
bediscussieerbaardere	bediscussieerbaar:a
bediscussieerbaarste	bediscussieerbaar:a
bedisselbaarder	bedisselbaar:a
bedisselbaarst	bedisselbaar:a
bedisselbare	bedisselbaar:a
bedisselbaardere	bedisselbaar:a
bedisselbaarste	bedisselbaar:a
bedriegbaarder	bedriegbaar:a
bedriegbaarst	bedriegbaar:a
bedriegbare	bedriegbaar:a
bedriegbaardere	bedriegbaar:a
bedriegbaarste	bedriegbaar:a
bedrukbaarder	bedrukbaar:a
bedrukbaarst	bedrukbaar:a
bedrukbare	bedrukbaar:a
bedrukbaardere	bedrukbaar:a
bedrukbaarste	bedrukbaar:a
bedwingbaarder	bedwingbaar:a
bedwingbaarst	bedwingbaar:a
bedwingbare	bedwingbaar:a
bedwingbaardere	bedwingbaar:a
bedwingbaarste	bedwingbaar:a
beëindigbaarder	beëindigbaar:a
beëindigbaarst	beëindigbaar:a
beëindigbare	beëindigbaar:a
beëindigbaardere	beëindigbaar:a
beëindigbaarste	beëindigbaar:a
befietsbaarder	befietsbaar:a
befietsbaarst	befietsbaar:a
befietsbare	befietsbaar:a
befietsbaardere	befietsbaar:a
befietsbaarste	befietsbaar:a
bezwembaarder	bezwembaar:a
bezwembaarst	bezwembaar:a
bezwembare	bezwembaar:a
bezwembaardere	bezwembaar:a
bezwembaarste	bezwembaar:a
bezuurbaarder	bezuurbaar:a
bezuurbaarst	bezuurbaar:a
bezuurbare	bezuurbaar:a
bezuurbaardere	bezuurbaar:a
bezuurbaarste	bezuurbaar:a
bezorgbaarder	bezorgbaar:a
bezorgbaarst	bezorgbaar:a
bezorgbare	bezorgbaar:a
bezorgbaardere	bezorgbaar:a
bezorgbaarste	bezorgbaar:a
begangbaarder	begangbaar:a
begangbaarst	begangbaar:a
begangbare	begangbaar:a
begangbaardere	begangbaar:a
begangbaarste	begangbaar:a
behandelbaarder	behandelbaar:a
behandelbaarst	behandelbaar:a
behandelbare	behandelbaar:a
behandelbaardere	behandelbaar:a
behandelbaarste	behandelbaar:a
behaalbaarder	behaalbaar:a
behaalbaarst	behaalbaar:a
behaalbare	behaalbaar:a
behaalbaardere	behaalbaar:a
behaalbaarste	behaalbaar:a
begrootbaarder	begrootbaar:a
begrootbaarst	begrootbaar:a
begrootbare	begrootbaar:a
begrootbaardere	begrootbaar:a
begrootbaarste	begrootbaar:a
begrensbaarder	begrensbaar:a
begrensbaarst	begrensbaar:a
begrensbare	begrensbaar:a
begrensbaardere	begrensbaar:a
begrensbaarste	begrensbaar:a
begraasbaarder	begraasbaar:a
begraasbaarst	begraasbaar:a
begraasbare	begraasbaar:a
begraasbaardere	begraasbaar:a
begraasbaarste	begraasbaar:a
begeerbaarder	begeerbaar:a
begeerbaarst	begeerbaar:a
begeerbare	begeerbaar:a
begeerbaardere	begeerbaar:a
begeerbaarste	begeerbaar:a
bejaagbaarder	bejaagbaar:a
bejaagbaarst	bejaagbaar:a
bejaagbare	bejaagbaar:a
bejaagbaardere	bejaagbaar:a
bejaagbaarste	bejaagbaar:a
bekeerbaarder	bekeerbaar:a
bekeerbaarst	bekeerbaar:a
bekeerbare	bekeerbaar:a
bekeerbaardere	bekeerbaar:a
bekeerbaarste	bekeerbaar:a
bekenbaarder	bekenbaar:a
bekenbaarst	bekenbaar:a
bekenbare	bekenbaar:a
bekenbaardere	bekenbaar:a
bekenbaarste	bekenbaar:a
bekijkbaarder	bekijkbaar:a
bekijkbaarst	bekijkbaar:a
bekijkbare	bekijkbaar:a
bekijkbaardere	bekijkbaar:a
bekijkbaarste	bekijkbaar:a
beklaagbaarder	beklaagbaar:a
beklaagbaarst	beklaagbaar:a
beklaagbare	beklaagbaar:a
beklaagbaardere	beklaagbaar:a
beklaagbaarste	beklaagbaar:a
beklemtoonbaarder	beklemtoonbaar:a
beklemtoonbaarst	beklemtoonbaar:a
beklemtoonbare	beklemtoonbaar:a
beklemtoonbaardere	beklemtoonbaar:a
beklemtoonbaarste	beklemtoonbaar:a
beklimbaarder	beklimbaar:a
beklimbaarst	beklimbaar:a
beklimbare	beklimbaar:a
beklimbaardere	beklimbaar:a
beklimbaarste	beklimbaar:a
bekoorbaarder	bekoorbaar:a
bekoorbaarst	bekoorbaar:a
bekoorbare	bekoorbaar:a
bekoorbaardere	bekoorbaar:a
bekoorbaarste	bekoorbaar:a
bekostigbaarder	bekostigbaar:a
bekostigbaarst	bekostigbaar:a
bekostigbare	bekostigbaar:a
bekostigbaardere	bekostigbaar:a
bekostigbaarste	bekostigbaar:a
bekritiseerbaarder	bekritiseerbaar:a
bekritiseerbaarst	bekritiseerbaar:a
bekritiseerbare	bekritiseerbaar:a
bekritiseerbaardere	bekritiseerbaar:a
bekritiseerbaarste	bekritiseerbaar:a
bekroonbaarder	bekroonbaar:a
bekroonbaarst	bekroonbaar:a
bekroonbare	bekroonbaar:a
bekroonbaardere	bekroonbaar:a
bekroonbaarste	bekroonbaar:a
belaadbaarder	belaadbaar:a
belaadbaarst	belaadbaar:a
belaadbare	belaadbaar:a
belaadbaardere	belaadbaar:a
belaadbaarste	belaadbaar:a
belachbaarder	belachbaar:a
belachbaarst	belachbaar:a
belachbare	belachbaar:a
belachbaardere	belachbaar:a
belachbaarste	belachbaar:a
belangbaarder	belangbaar:a
belangbaarst	belangbaar:a
belangbare	belangbaar:a
belangbaardere	belangbaar:a
belangbaarste	belangbaar:a
beledigbaarder	beledigbaar:a
beledigbaarst	beledigbaar:a
beledigbare	beledigbaar:a
beledigbaardere	beledigbaar:a
beledigbaarste	beledigbaar:a
beleefbaarder	beleefbaar:a
beleefbaarst	beleefbaar:a
beleefbare	beleefbaar:a
beleefbaardere	beleefbaar:a
beleefbaarste	beleefbaar:a
beleenbaarder	beleenbaar:a
beleenbaarst	beleenbaar:a
beleenbare	beleenbaar:a
beleenbaardere	beleenbaar:a
beleenbaarste	beleenbaar:a
belegbaarder	belegbaar:a
belegbaarst	belegbaar:a
belegbare	belegbaar:a
belegbaardere	belegbaar:a
belegbaarste	belegbaar:a
belegerbaarder	belegerbaar:a
belegerbaarst	belegerbaar:a
belegerbare	belegerbaar:a
belegerbaardere	belegerbaar:a
belegerbaarste	belegerbaar:a
beloonbaarder	beloonbaar:a
beloonbaarst	beloonbaar:a
beloonbare	beloonbaar:a
beloonbaardere	beloonbaar:a
beloonbaarste	beloonbaar:a
beluisterbaarder	beluisterbaar:a
beluisterbaarst	beluisterbaar:a
beluisterbare	beluisterbaar:a
beluisterbaardere	beluisterbaar:a
beluisterbaarste	beluisterbaar:a
bemachtigbaarder	bemachtigbaar:a
bemachtigbaarst	bemachtigbaar:a
bemachtigbare	bemachtigbaar:a
bemachtigbaardere	bemachtigbaar:a
bemachtigbaarste	bemachtigbaar:a
bemanbaarder	bemanbaar:a
bemanbaarst	bemanbaar:a
bemanbare	bemanbaar:a
bemanbaardere	bemanbaar:a
bemanbaarste	bemanbaar:a
bemensbaarder	bemensbaar:a
bemensbaarst	bemensbaar:a
bemensbare	bemensbaar:a
bemensbaardere	bemensbaar:a
bemensbaarste	bemensbaar:a
bemerkbaarder	bemerkbaar:a
bemerkbaarst	bemerkbaar:a
bemerkbare	bemerkbaar:a
bemerkbaardere	bemerkbaar:a
bemerkbaarste	bemerkbaar:a
bemiddelbaarder	bemiddelbaar:a
bemiddelbaarst	bemiddelbaar:a
bemiddelbare	bemiddelbaar:a
bemiddelbaardere	bemiddelbaar:a
bemiddelbaarste	bemiddelbaar:a
beminbaarder	beminbaar:a
beminbaarst	beminbaar:a
beminbare	beminbaar:a
beminbaardere	beminbaar:a
beminbaarste	beminbaar:a
bemonsterbaarder	bemonsterbaar:a
bemonsterbaarst	bemonsterbaar:a
bemonsterbare	bemonsterbaar:a
bemonsterbaardere	bemonsterbaar:a
bemonsterbaarste	bemonsterbaar:a
benijdbaarder	benijdbaar:a
benijdbaarst	benijdbaar:a
benijdbare	benijdbaar:a
benijdbaardere	benijdbaar:a
benijdbaarste	benijdbaar:a
benoembaarder	benoembaar:a
benoembaarst	benoembaar:a
benoembare	benoembaar:a
benoembaardere	benoembaar:a
benoembaarste	benoembaar:a
benutbaarder	benutbaar:a
benutbaarst	benutbaar:a
benutbare	benutbaar:a
benutbaardere	benutbaar:a
benutbaarste	benutbaar:a
beoefenbaarder	beoefenbaar:a
beoefenbaarst	beoefenbaar:a
beoefenbare	beoefenbaar:a
beoefenbaardere	beoefenbaar:a
beoefenbaarste	beoefenbaar:a
beoordeelbaarder	beoordeelbaar:a
beoordeelbaarst	beoordeelbaar:a
beoordeelbare	beoordeelbaar:a
beoordeelbaardere	beoordeelbaar:a
beoordeelbaarste	beoordeelbaar:a
bepaalbaarder	bepaalbaar:a
bepaalbaarst	bepaalbaar:a
bepaalbare	bepaalbaar:a
bepaalbaardere	bepaalbaar:a
bepaalbaarste	bepaalbaar:a
bepakbaarder	bepakbaar:a
bepakbaarst	bepakbaar:a
bepakbare	bepakbaar:a
bepakbaardere	bepakbaar:a
bepakbaarste	bepakbaar:a
beplantbaarder	beplantbaar:a
beplantbaarst	beplantbaar:a
beplantbare	beplantbaar:a
beplantbaardere	beplantbaar:a
beplantbaarste	beplantbaar:a
bepleitbaarder	bepleitbaar:a
bepleitbaarst	bepleitbaar:a
bepleitbare	bepleitbaar:a
bepleitbaardere	bepleitbaar:a
bepleitbaarste	bepleitbaar:a
beproefbaarder	beproefbaar:a
beproefbaarst	beproefbaar:a
beproefbare	beproefbaar:a
beproefbaardere	beproefbaar:a
beproefbaarste	beproefbaar:a
berechtbaarder	berechtbaar:a
berechtbaarst	berechtbaar:a
berechtbare	berechtbaar:a
berechtbaardere	berechtbaar:a
berechtbaarste	berechtbaar:a
beredeneerbaarder	beredeneerbaar:a
beredeneerbaarst	beredeneerbaar:a
beredeneerbare	beredeneerbaar:a
beredeneerbaardere	beredeneerbaar:a
beredeneerbaarste	beredeneerbaar:a
beregelbaarder	beregelbaar:a
beregelbaarst	beregelbaar:a
beregelbare	beregelbaar:a
beregelbaardere	beregelbaar:a
beregelbaarste	beregelbaar:a
bereidbaarder	bereidbaar:a
bereidbaarst	bereidbaar:a
bereidbare	bereidbaar:a
bereidbaardere	bereidbaar:a
bereidbaarste	bereidbaar:a
bereisbaarder	bereisbaar:a
bereisbaarst	bereisbaar:a
bereisbare	bereisbaar:a
bereisbaardere	bereisbaar:a
bereisbaarste	bereisbaar:a
berekenbaarder	berekenbaar:a
berekenbaarst	berekenbaar:a
berekenbare	berekenbaar:a
berekenbaardere	berekenbaar:a
berekenbaarste	berekenbaar:a
berispbaarder	berispbaar:a
berispbaarst	berispbaar:a
berispbare	berispbaar:a
berispbaardere	berispbaar:a
berispbaarste	berispbaar:a
beroepbaarder	beroepbaar:a
beroepbaarst	beroepbaar:a
beroepbare	beroepbaar:a
beroepbaardere	beroepbaar:a
beroepbaarste	beroepbaar:a
beschaatsbaarder	beschaatsbaar:a
beschaatsbaarst	beschaatsbaar:a
beschaatsbare	beschaatsbaar:a
beschaatsbaardere	beschaatsbaar:a
beschaatsbaarste	beschaatsbaar:a
beschermbaarder	beschermbaar:a
beschermbaarst	beschermbaar:a
beschermbare	beschermbaar:a
beschermbaardere	beschermbaar:a
beschermbaarste	beschermbaar:a
beschietbaarder	beschietbaar:a
beschietbaarst	beschietbaar:a
beschietbare	beschietbaar:a
beschietbaardere	beschietbaar:a
beschietbaarste	beschietbaar:a
beschilderbaarder	beschilderbaar:a
beschilderbaarst	beschilderbaar:a
beschilderbare	beschilderbaar:a
beschilderbaardere	beschilderbaar:a
beschilderbaarste	beschilderbaar:a
beschrijfbaarder	beschrijfbaar:a
beschrijfbaarst	beschrijfbaar:a
beschrijfbare	beschrijfbaar:a
beschrijfbaardere	beschrijfbaar:a
beschrijfbaarste	beschrijfbaar:a
besefbaarder	besefbaar:a
besefbaarst	besefbaar:a
besefbare	besefbaar:a
besefbaardere	besefbaar:a
besefbaarste	besefbaar:a
beslaapbaarder	beslaapbaar:a
beslaapbaarst	beslaapbaar:a
beslaapbare	beslaapbaar:a
beslaapbaardere	beslaapbaar:a
beslaapbaarste	beslaapbaar:a
beslisbaarder	beslisbaar:a
beslisbaarst	beslisbaar:a
beslisbare	beslisbaar:a
beslisbaardere	beslisbaar:a
beslisbaarste	beslisbaar:a
besnuffelbaarder	besnuffelbaar:a
besnuffelbaarst	besnuffelbaar:a
besnuffelbare	besnuffelbaar:a
besnuffelbaardere	besnuffelbaar:a
besnuffelbaarste	besnuffelbaar:a
bespeelbaarder	bespeelbaar:a
bespeelbaarst	bespeelbaar:a
bespeelbare	bespeelbaar:a
bespeelbaardere	bespeelbaar:a
bespeelbaarste	bespeelbaar:a
bespeurbaarder	bespeurbaar:a
bespeurbaarst	bespeurbaar:a
bespeurbare	bespeurbaar:a
bespeurbaardere	bespeurbaar:a
bespeurbaarste	bespeurbaar:a
herorganiseer	herorganiseren:v
herorganiseerde	herorganiseren:v
herorganiseert	herorganiseren:v
herorganiseerden	herorganiseren:v
herorganiserend	herorganiseren:v
herorganiseerd	herorganiseren:v
bespringbaarder	bespringbaar:a
bespringbaarst	bespringbaar:a
bespringbare	bespringbaar:a
bespringbaardere	bespringbaar:a
bespringbaarste	bespringbaar:a
bespuitbaarder	bespuitbaar:a
bespuitbaarst	bespuitbaar:a
bespuitbare	bespuitbaar:a
bespuitbaardere	bespuitbaar:a
bespuitbaarste	bespuitbaar:a
bestaanbaarder	bestaanbaar:a
bestaanbaarst	bestaanbaar:a
bestaanbare	bestaanbaar:a
bestaanbaardere	bestaanbaar:a
bestaanbaarste	bestaanbaar:a
besteelbaarder	besteelbaar:a
besteelbaarst	besteelbaar:a
besteelbare	besteelbaar:a
besteelbaardere	besteelbaar:a
besteelbaarste	besteelbaar:a
bestelbaarder	bestelbaar:a
bestelbaarst	bestelbaar:a
bestelbare	bestelbaar:a
bestelbaardere	bestelbaar:a
bestelbaarste	bestelbaar:a
bestempelbaarder	bestempelbaar:a
bestempelbaarst	bestempelbaar:a
bestempelbare	bestempelbaar:a
bestempelbaardere	bestempelbaar:a
bestempelbaarste	bestempelbaar:a
bestijgbaarder	bestijgbaar:a
bestijgbaarst	bestijgbaar:a
bestijgbare	bestijgbaar:a
bestijgbaardere	bestijgbaar:a
bestijgbaarste	bestijgbaar:a
bestrafbaarder	bestrafbaar:a
bestrafbaarst	bestrafbaar:a
bestrafbare	bestrafbaar:a
bestrafbaardere	bestrafbaar:a
bestrafbaarste	bestrafbaar:a
bestrijdbaarder	bestrijdbaar:a
bestrijdbaarst	bestrijdbaar:a
bestrijdbare	bestrijdbaar:a
bestrijdbaardere	bestrijdbaar:a
bestrijdbaarste	bestrijdbaar:a
bestudeerbaarder	bestudeerbaar:a
bestudeerbaarst	bestudeerbaar:a
bestudeerbare	bestudeerbaar:a
bestudeerbaardere	bestudeerbaar:a
bestudeerbaarste	bestudeerbaar:a
bestuurbaarder	bestuurbaar:a
bestuurbaarst	bestuurbaar:a
bestuurbare	bestuurbaar:a
bestuurbaardere	bestuurbaar:a
bestuurbaarste	bestuurbaar:a
bestierbaarder	bestierbaar:a
bestierbaarst	bestierbaar:a
bestierbare	bestierbaar:a
bestierbaardere	bestierbaar:a
bestierbaarste	bestierbaar:a
besurfbaarder	besurfbaar:a
besurfbaarst	besurfbaar:a
besurfbare	besurfbaar:a
besurfbaardere	besurfbaar:a
besurfbaarste	besurfbaar:a
teamverbanden	teamverband:n
betaambaarder	betaambaar:a
betaambaarst	betaambaar:a
betaambare	betaambaar:a
betaambaardere	betaambaar:a
betaambaarste	betaambaar:a
betastbaarder	betastbaar:a
betastbaarst	betastbaar:a
betastbare	betastbaar:a
betastbaardere	betastbaar:a
betastbaarste	betastbaar:a
betegelbaarder	betegelbaar:a
betegelbaarst	betegelbaar:a
betegelbare	betegelbaar:a
betegelbaardere	betegelbaar:a
betegelbaarste	betegelbaar:a
betekenbaarder	betekenbaar:a
betekenbaarst	betekenbaar:a
betekenbare	betekenbaar:a
betekenbaardere	betekenbaar:a
betekenbaarste	betekenbaar:a
beteugelbaarder	beteugelbaar:a
beteugelbaarst	beteugelbaar:a
beteugelbare	beteugelbaar:a
beteugelbaardere	beteugelbaar:a
beteugelbaarste	beteugelbaar:a
betoogbaarder	betoogbaar:a
betoogbaarst	betoogbaar:a
betoogbare	betoogbaar:a
betoogbaardere	betoogbaar:a
betoogbaarste	betoogbaar:a
betreedbaarder	betreedbaar:a
betreedbaarst	betreedbaar:a
betreedbare	betreedbaar:a
betreedbaardere	betreedbaar:a
betreedbaarste	betreedbaar:a
betrekbaarder	betrekbaar:a
betrekbaarst	betrekbaar:a
betrekbare	betrekbaar:a
betrekbaardere	betrekbaar:a
betrekbaarste	betrekbaar:a
betwijfelbaarder	betwijfelbaar:a
betwijfelbaarst	betwijfelbaar:a
betwijfelbare	betwijfelbaar:a
betwijfelbaardere	betwijfelbaar:a
betwijfelbaarste	betwijfelbaar:a
bevatbaarder	bevatbaar:a
bevatbaarst	bevatbaar:a
bevatbare	bevatbaar:a
bevatbaardere	bevatbaar:a
bevatbaarste	bevatbaar:a
bevindbaarder	bevindbaar:a
bevindbaarst	bevindbaar:a
bevindbare	bevindbaar:a
bevindbaardere	bevindbaar:a
bevindbaarste	bevindbaar:a
bevisbaarder	bevisbaar:a
bevisbaarst	bevisbaar:a
bevisbare	bevisbaar:a
bevisbaardere	bevisbaar:a
bevisbaarste	bevisbaar:a
bevliegbaarder	bevliegbaar:a
bevliegbaarst	bevliegbaar:a
bevliegbare	bevliegbaar:a
bevliegbaardere	bevliegbaar:a
bevliegbaarste	bevliegbaar:a
bevoelbaarder	bevoelbaar:a
bevoelbaarst	bevoelbaar:a
bevoelbare	bevoelbaar:a
bevoelbaardere	bevoelbaar:a
bevoelbaarste	bevoelbaar:a
bevolkbaarder	bevolkbaar:a
bevolkbaarst	bevolkbaar:a
bevolkbare	bevolkbaar:a
bevolkbaardere	bevolkbaar:a
bevolkbaarste	bevolkbaar:a
bevorderbaarder	bevorderbaar:a
bevorderbaarst	bevorderbaar:a
bevorderbare	bevorderbaar:a
bevorderbaardere	bevorderbaar:a
bevorderbaarste	bevorderbaar:a
bevraagbaarder	bevraagbaar:a
bevraagbaarst	bevraagbaar:a
bevraagbare	bevraagbaar:a
bevraagbaardere	bevraagbaar:a
bevraagbaarste	bevraagbaar:a
bevredigbaarder	bevredigbaar:a
bevredigbaarst	bevredigbaar:a
bevredigbare	bevredigbaar:a
bevredigbaardere	bevredigbaar:a
bevredigbaarste	bevredigbaar:a
bevreemdbaarder	bevreemdbaar:a
bevreemdbaarst	bevreemdbaar:a
bevreemdbare	bevreemdbaar:a
bevreemdbaardere	bevreemdbaar:a
bevreemdbaarste	bevreemdbaar:a
bevriesbaarder	bevriesbaar:a
bevriesbaarst	bevriesbaar:a
bevriesbare	bevriesbaar:a
bevriesbaardere	bevriesbaar:a
bevriesbaarste	bevriesbaar:a
bevruchtbaarder	bevruchtbaar:a
bevruchtbaarst	bevruchtbaar:a
bevruchtbare	bevruchtbaar:a
bevruchtbaardere	bevruchtbaar:a
bevruchtbaarste	bevruchtbaar:a
bewaakbaarder	bewaakbaar:a
bewaakbaarst	bewaakbaar:a
bewaakbare	bewaakbaar:a
bewaakbaardere	bewaakbaar:a
bewaakbaarste	bewaakbaar:a
bewaarbaarder	bewaarbaar:a
bewaarbaarst	bewaarbaar:a
bewaarbare	bewaarbaar:a
bewaarbaardere	bewaarbaar:a
bewaarbaarste	bewaarbaar:a
bewandelbaarder	bewandelbaar:a
bewandelbaarst	bewandelbaar:a
bewandelbare	bewandelbaar:a
bewandelbaardere	bewandelbaar:a
bewandelbaarste	bewandelbaar:a
dichtdraai	dichtdraaien:v
dichtdraaide	dichtdraaien:v
dichtdraait	dichtdraaien:v
dichtdraaiden	dichtdraaien:v
dichtdraaiend	dichtdraaien:v
dichtgedraaid	dichtdraaien:v
klimmers	klimmer:n
klimmertje	klimmer:n
elektriekers	elektrieker:n
bestuurzamer	bestuurzaam:a
bestuurzaamst	bestuurzaam:a
bestuurzaamste	bestuurzaam:a
lichtgekleurde	lichtgekleurd:a
winkelervaringen	winkelervaring:n
diabolode	diaboloën:v
diaboloot	diaboloën:v
diaboloden	diaboloën:v
diaboloënd	diaboloën:v
gediabolood	diaboloën:v
broekzakgesprekken	broekzakgesprek:n
broekzakgesprekje	broekzakgesprek:n
asbestvrijer	asbestvrij:a
asbestvrijst	asbestvrij:a
asbestvrije	asbestvrij:a
asbestvrijere	asbestvrij:a
asbestvrijste	asbestvrij:a
allergeenvrijer	allergeenvrij:a
allergeenvrijst	allergeenvrij:a
allergeenvrije	allergeenvrij:a
allergeenvrijere	allergeenvrij:a
allergeenvrijste	allergeenvrij:a
aflossingsvrijer	aflossingsvrij:a
aflossingsvrijst	aflossingsvrij:a
aflossingsvrije	aflossingsvrij:a
aflossingsvrijere	aflossingsvrij:a
aflossingsvrijste	aflossingsvrij:a
antraxvrijer	antraxvrij:a
antraxvrijst	antraxvrij:a
antraxvrije	antraxvrij:a
antraxvrijere	antraxvrij:a
antraxvrijste	antraxvrij:a
bacterievrijer	bacterievrij:a
bacterievrijst	bacterievrij:a
bacterievrije	bacterievrij:a
bacterievrijere	bacterievrij:a
bacterievrijste	bacterievrij:a
barrièrevrijer	barrièrevrij:a
barrièrevrijst	barrièrevrij:a
barrièrevrije	barrièrevrij:a
barrièrevrijere	barrièrevrij:a
barrièrevrijste	barrièrevrij:a
beslagvrijer	beslagvrij:a
beslagvrijst	beslagvrij:a
beslagvrije	beslagvrij:a
beslagvrijere	beslagvrij:a
beslagvrijste	beslagvrij:a
blessurevrijer	blessurevrij:a
blessurevrijst	blessurevrij:a
blessurevrije	blessurevrij:a
blessurevrijere	blessurevrij:a
blessurevrijste	blessurevrij:a
boetevrijer	boetevrij:a
boetevrijst	boetevrij:a
boetevrije	boetevrij:a
boetevrijere	boetevrij:a
boetevrijste	boetevrij:a
brandvrijer	brandvrij:a
brandvrijst	brandvrij:a
brandvrije	brandvrij:a
brandvrijere	brandvrij:a
brandvrijste	brandvrij:a
afschuwbaars	afschuwbaar:a
afschuwbaarders	afschuwbaar:a
jojode	jojoën:v
jojoot	jojoën:v
jojoden	jojoën:v
jojoënd	jojoën:v
gejojood	jojoën:v
jojoërs	jojoër:n
kledingstijlen	kledingstijl:n
tikmachines	tikmachine:n
tikmachinetje	tikmachine:n
tikmachientje	tikmachine:n
cafeïnevrijst	cafeïnevrij:a
cafeïnevrijer	cafeïnevrij:a
cafeïnevrije	cafeïnevrij:a
cafeïnevrijere	cafeïnevrij:a
cafeïnevrijste	cafeïnevrij:a
cashvrijst	cashvrij:a
cashvrijer	cashvrij:a
cashvrije	cashvrij:a
cashvrijere	cashvrij:a
cashvrijste	cashvrij:a
doorblaasbaarder	doorblaasbaar:a
doorblaasbaarst	doorblaasbaar:a
doorblaasbare	doorblaasbaar:a
doorblaasbaardere	doorblaasbaar:a
doorblaasbaarste	doorblaasbaar:a
doorboorbaarder	doorboorbaar:a
doorboorbaarst	doorboorbaar:a
doorboorbare	doorboorbaar:a
doorboorbaardere	doorboorbaar:a
doorboorbaarste	doorboorbaar:a
doorbreekbaarder	doorbreekbaar:a
doorbreekbaarst	doorbreekbaar:a
doorbreekbare	doorbreekbaar:a
doorbreekbaardere	doorbreekbaar:a
doorbreekbaarste	doorbreekbaar:a
doorgaanbaarder	doorgaanbaar:a
doorgaanbaarst	doorgaanbaar:a
doorgaanbare	doorgaanbaar:a
doorgaanbaardere	doorgaanbaar:a
doorgaanbaarste	doorgaanbaar:a
doorgrondbaarder	doorgrondbaar:a
doorgrondbaarst	doorgrondbaar:a
doorgrondbare	doorgrondbaar:a
doorgrondbaardere	doorgrondbaar:a
doorgrondbaarste	doorgrondbaar:a
doorkambaarder	doorkambaar:a
doorkambaarst	doorkambaar:a
doorkambare	doorkambaar:a
doorkambaardere	doorkambaar:a
doorkambaarste	doorkambaar:a
doorkliefbaarder	doorkliefbaar:a
doorkliefbaarst	doorkliefbaar:a
doorkliefbare	doorkliefbaar:a
doorkliefbaardere	doorkliefbaar:a
doorkliefbaarste	doorkliefbaar:a
doorklikbaarder	doorklikbaar:a
doorklikbaarst	doorklikbaar:a
doorklikbare	doorklikbaar:a
doorklikbaardere	doorklikbaar:a
doorklikbaarste	doorklikbaar:a
doorkruisbaarder	doorkruisbaar:a
doorkruisbaarst	doorkruisbaar:a
doorkruisbare	doorkruisbaar:a
doorkruisbaardere	doorkruisbaar:a
doorkruisbaarste	doorkruisbaar:a
doorloopbaarder	doorloopbaar:a
doorloopbaarst	doorloopbaar:a
doorloopbare	doorloopbaar:a
doorloopbaardere	doorloopbaar:a
doorloopbaarste	doorloopbaar:a
doorploegbaarder	doorploegbaar:a
doorploegbaarst	doorploegbaar:a
doorploegbare	doorploegbaar:a
doorploegbaardere	doorploegbaar:a
doorploegbaarste	doorploegbaar:a
doorprikbaarder	doorprikbaar:a
doorprikbaarst	doorprikbaar:a
doorprikbare	doorprikbaar:a
doorprikbaardere	doorprikbaar:a
doorprikbaarste	doorprikbaar:a
doorreisbaarder	doorreisbaar:a
doorreisbaarst	doorreisbaar:a
doorreisbare	doorreisbaar:a
doorreisbaardere	doorreisbaar:a
doorreisbaarste	doorreisbaar:a
doorrekenbaarder	doorrekenbaar:a
doorrekenbaarst	doorrekenbaar:a
doorrekenbare	doorrekenbaar:a
doorrekenbaardere	doorrekenbaar:a
doorrekenbaarste	doorrekenbaar:a
doorschijnbaarder	doorschijnbaar:a
doorschijnbaarst	doorschijnbaar:a
doorschijnbare	doorschijnbaar:a
doorschijnbaardere	doorschijnbaar:a
doorschijnbaarste	doorschijnbaar:a
doorschrijdbaarder	doorschrijdbaar:a
doorschrijdbaarst	doorschrijdbaar:a
doorschrijdbare	doorschrijdbaar:a
doorschrijdbaardere	doorschrijdbaar:a
doorschrijdbaarste	doorschrijdbaar:a
doorslikbaarder	doorslikbaar:a
doorslikbaarst	doorslikbaar:a
doorslikbare	doorslikbaar:a
doorslikbaardere	doorslikbaar:a
doorslikbaarste	doorslikbaar:a
doorspoelbaarder	doorspoelbaar:a
doorspoelbaarst	doorspoelbaar:a
doorspoelbare	doorspoelbaar:a
doorspoelbaardere	doorspoelbaar:a
doorspoelbaarste	doorspoelbaar:a
doorsteekbaarder	doorsteekbaar:a
doorsteekbaarst	doorsteekbaar:a
doorsteekbare	doorsteekbaar:a
doorsteekbaardere	doorsteekbaar:a
doorsteekbaarste	doorsteekbaar:a
doorstraalbaarder	doorstraalbaar:a
doorstraalbaarst	doorstraalbaar:a
doorstraalbare	doorstraalbaar:a
doorstraalbaardere	doorstraalbaar:a
doorstraalbaarste	doorstraalbaar:a
doortrekbaarder	doortrekbaar:a
doortrekbaarst	doortrekbaar:a
doortrekbare	doortrekbaar:a
doortrekbaardere	doortrekbaar:a
doortrekbaarste	doortrekbaar:a
doorverkoopbaarder	doorverkoopbaar:a
doorverkoopbaarst	doorverkoopbaar:a
doorverkoopbare	doorverkoopbaar:a
doorverkoopbaardere	doorverkoopbaar:a
doorverkoopbaarste	doorverkoopbaar:a
doorvoerbaarder	doorvoerbaar:a
doorvoerbaarst	doorvoerbaar:a
doorvoerbare	doorvoerbaar:a
doorvoerbaardere	doorvoerbaar:a
doorvoerbaarste	doorvoerbaar:a
doorzichtbaarder	doorzichtbaar:a
doorzichtbaarst	doorzichtbaar:a
doorzichtbare	doorzichtbaar:a
doorzichtbaardere	doorzichtbaar:a
doorzichtbaarste	doorzichtbaar:a
doorzoekbaarder	doorzoekbaar:a
doorzoekbaarst	doorzoekbaar:a
doorzoekbare	doorzoekbaar:a
doorzoekbaardere	doorzoekbaar:a
doorzoekbaarste	doorzoekbaar:a
doorzwerfbaarder	doorzwerfbaar:a
doorzwerfbaarst	doorzwerfbaar:a
doorzwerfbare	doorzwerfbaar:a
doorzwerfbaardere	doorzwerfbaar:a
doorzwerfbaarste	doorzwerfbaar:a
onderhandelbaarder	onderhandelbaar:a
onderhandelbaarst	onderhandelbaar:a
onderhandelbare	onderhandelbaar:a
onderhandelbaardere	onderhandelbaar:a
onderhandelbaarste	onderhandelbaar:a
onderhoudbaarder	onderhoudbaar:a
onderhoudbaarst	onderhoudbaar:a
onderhoudbare	onderhoudbaar:a
onderhoudbaardere	onderhoudbaar:a
onderhoudbaarste	onderhoudbaar:a
onderkenbaarder	onderkenbaar:a
onderkenbaarst	onderkenbaar:a
onderkenbare	onderkenbaar:a
onderkenbaardere	onderkenbaar:a
onderkenbaarste	onderkenbaar:a
onderrijdbaarder	onderrijdbaar:a
onderrijdbaarst	onderrijdbaar:a
onderrijdbare	onderrijdbaar:a
onderrijdbaardere	onderrijdbaar:a
onderrijdbaarste	onderrijdbaar:a
onderscheidbaarder	onderscheidbaar:a
onderscheidbaarst	onderscheidbaar:a
onderscheidbare	onderscheidbaar:a
onderscheidbaardere	onderscheidbaar:a
onderscheidbaarste	onderscheidbaar:a
onderwijsbaarder	onderwijsbaar:a
onderwijsbaarst	onderwijsbaar:a
onderwijsbare	onderwijsbaar:a
onderwijsbaardere	onderwijsbaar:a
onderwijsbaarste	onderwijsbaar:a
onderzetbaarder	onderzetbaar:a
onderzetbaarst	onderzetbaar:a
onderzetbare	onderzetbaar:a
onderzetbaardere	onderzetbaar:a
onderzetbaarste	onderzetbaar:a
onderzoekbaarder	onderzoekbaar:a
onderzoekbaarst	onderzoekbaar:a
onderzoekbare	onderzoekbaar:a
onderzoekbaardere	onderzoekbaar:a
onderzoekbaarste	onderzoekbaar:a
omarmbaarder	omarmbaar:a
omarmbaarst	omarmbaar:a
omarmbare	omarmbaar:a
omarmbaardere	omarmbaar:a
omarmbaarste	omarmbaar:a
omdraaibaarder	omdraaibaar:a
omdraaibaarst	omdraaibaar:a
omdraaibare	omdraaibaar:a
omdraaibaardere	omdraaibaar:a
omdraaibaarste	omdraaibaar:a
omgordbaarder	omgordbaar:a
omgordbaarst	omgordbaar:a
omgordbare	omgordbaar:a
omgordbaardere	omgordbaar:a
omgordbaarste	omgordbaar:a
omhelsbaarder	omhelsbaar:a
omhelsbaarst	omhelsbaar:a
omhelsbare	omhelsbaar:a
omhelsbaardere	omhelsbaar:a
omhelsbaarste	omhelsbaar:a
omkiepbaarder	omkiepbaar:a
omkiepbaarst	omkiepbaar:a
omkiepbare	omkiepbaar:a
omkiepbaardere	omkiepbaar:a
omkiepbaarste	omkiepbaar:a
omklapbaarder	omklapbaar:a
omklapbaarst	omklapbaar:a
omklapbare	omklapbaar:a
omklapbaardere	omklapbaar:a
omklapbaarste	omklapbaar:a
ompraatbaarder	ompraatbaar:a
ompraatbaarst	ompraatbaar:a
ompraatbare	ompraatbaar:a
ompraatbaardere	ompraatbaar:a
ompraatbaarste	ompraatbaar:a
omklembaarder	omklembaar:a
omklembaarst	omklembaar:a
omklembare	omklembaar:a
omklembaardere	omklembaar:a
omklembaarste	omklembaar:a
omkoopbaarder	omkoopbaar:a
omkoopbaarst	omkoopbaar:a
omkoopbare	omkoopbaar:a
omkoopbaardere	omkoopbaar:a
omkoopbaarste	omkoopbaar:a
omlijnbaarder	omlijnbaar:a
omlijnbaarst	omlijnbaar:a
omlijnbare	omlijnbaar:a
omlijnbaardere	omlijnbaar:a
omlijnbaarste	omlijnbaar:a
omschakelbaarder	omschakelbaar:a
omschakelbaarst	omschakelbaar:a
omschakelbare	omschakelbaar:a
omschakelbaardere	omschakelbaar:a
omschakelbaarste	omschakelbaar:a
omschoolbaarder	omschoolbaar:a
omschoolbaarst	omschoolbaar:a
omschoolbare	omschoolbaar:a
omschoolbaardere	omschoolbaar:a
omschoolbaarste	omschoolbaar:a
omschrijfbaarder	omschrijfbaar:a
omschrijfbaarst	omschrijfbaar:a
omschrijfbare	omschrijfbaar:a
omschrijfbaardere	omschrijfbaar:a
omschrijfbaarste	omschrijfbaar:a
omsmeedbaarder	omsmeedbaar:a
omsmeedbaarst	omsmeedbaar:a
omsmeedbare	omsmeedbaar:a
omsmeedbaardere	omsmeedbaar:a
omsmeedbaarste	omsmeedbaar:a
omstelbaarder	omstelbaar:a
omstelbaarst	omstelbaar:a
omstelbare	omstelbaar:a
omstelbaardere	omstelbaar:a
omstelbaarste	omstelbaar:a
omstootbaarder	omstootbaar:a
omstootbaarst	omstootbaar:a
omstootbare	omstootbaar:a
omstootbaardere	omstootbaar:a
omstootbaarste	omstootbaar:a
omvadembaarder	omvadembaar:a
omvadembaarst	omvadembaar:a
omvadembare	omvadembaar:a
omvadembaardere	omvadembaar:a
omvadembaarste	omvadembaar:a
omvatbaarder	omvatbaar:a
omvatbaarst	omvatbaar:a
omvatbare	omvatbaar:a
omvatbaardere	omvatbaar:a
omvatbaarste	omvatbaar:a
omvormbaarder	omvormbaar:a
omvormbaarst	omvormbaar:a
omvormbare	omvormbaar:a
omvormbaardere	omvormbaar:a
omvormbaarste	omvormbaar:a
omvouwbaarder	omvouwbaar:a
omvouwbaarst	omvouwbaar:a
omvouwbare	omvouwbaar:a
omvouwbaardere	omvouwbaar:a
omvouwbaarste	omvouwbaar:a
omwisselbaarder	omwisselbaar:a
omwisselbaarst	omwisselbaar:a
omwisselbare	omwisselbaar:a
omwisselbaardere	omwisselbaar:a
omwisselbaarste	omwisselbaar:a
omwrikbaarder	omwrikbaar:a
omwrikbaarst	omwrikbaar:a
omwrikbare	omwrikbaar:a
omwrikbaardere	omwrikbaar:a
omwrikbaarste	omwrikbaar:a
omzeilbaarder	omzeilbaar:a
omzeilbaarst	omzeilbaar:a
omzeilbare	omzeilbaar:a
omzeilbaardere	omzeilbaar:a
omzeilbaarste	omzeilbaar:a
omzetbaarder	omzetbaar:a
omzetbaarst	omzetbaar:a
omzetbare	omzetbaar:a
omzetbaardere	omzetbaar:a
omzetbaarste	omzetbaar:a
gelijkopgaande	gelijkopgaand:a
maartse	maarts:a
aprilse	aprils:a
weerhoudbaarder	weerhoudbaar:a
weerhoudbaarst	weerhoudbaar:a
weerhoudbare	weerhoudbaar:a
weerhoudbaardere	weerhoudbaar:a
weerhoudbaarste	weerhoudbaar:a
weerkaatsbaarder	weerkaatsbaar:a
weerkaatsbaarst	weerkaatsbaar:a
weerkaatsbare	weerkaatsbaar:a
weerkaatsbaardere	weerkaatsbaar:a
weerkaatsbaarste	weerkaatsbaar:a
weerlegbaarder	weerlegbaar:a
weerlegbaarst	weerlegbaar:a
weerlegbare	weerlegbaar:a
weerlegbaardere	weerlegbaar:a
weerlegbaarste	weerlegbaar:a
weerspreekbaarder	weerspreekbaar:a
weerspreekbaarst	weerspreekbaar:a
weerspreekbare	weerspreekbaar:a
weerspreekbaardere	weerspreekbaar:a
weerspreekbaarste	weerspreekbaar:a
wegklapbaarder	wegklapbaar:a
wegklapbaarst	wegklapbaar:a
wegklapbare	wegklapbaar:a
wegklapbaardere	wegklapbaar:a
wegklapbaarste	wegklapbaar:a
wegklikbaarder	wegklikbaar:a
wegklikbaarst	wegklikbaar:a
wegklikbare	wegklikbaar:a
wegklikbaardere	wegklikbaar:a
wegklikbaarste	wegklikbaar:a
weglaatbaarder	weglaatbaar:a
weglaatbaarst	weglaatbaar:a
weglaatbare	weglaatbaar:a
weglaatbaardere	weglaatbaar:a
weglaatbaarste	weglaatbaar:a
weglegbaarder	weglegbaar:a
weglegbaarst	weglegbaar:a
weglegbare	weglegbaar:a
weglegbaardere	weglegbaar:a
weglegbaarste	weglegbaar:a
wegneembaarder	wegneembaar:a
wegneembaarst	wegneembaar:a
wegneembare	wegneembaar:a
wegneembaardere	wegneembaar:a
wegneembaarste	wegneembaar:a
wegrolbaarder	wegrolbaar:a
wegrolbaarst	wegrolbaar:a
wegrolbare	wegrolbaar:a
wegrolbaardere	wegrolbaar:a
wegrolbaarste	wegrolbaar:a
wegschuifbaarder	wegschuifbaar:a
wegschuifbaarst	wegschuifbaar:a
wegschuifbare	wegschuifbaar:a
wegschuifbaardere	wegschuifbaar:a
wegschuifbaarste	wegschuifbaar:a
wegstuurbaarder	wegstuurbaar:a
wegstuurbaarst	wegstuurbaar:a
wegstuurbare	wegstuurbaar:a
wegstuurbaardere	wegstuurbaar:a
wegstuurbaarste	wegstuurbaar:a
wegvouwbaarder	wegvouwbaar:a
wegvouwbaarst	wegvouwbaar:a
wegvouwbare	wegvouwbaar:a
wegvouwbaardere	wegvouwbaar:a
wegvouwbaarste	wegvouwbaar:a
wegwerpbaarder	wegwerpbaar:a
wegwerpbaarst	wegwerpbaar:a
wegwerpbare	wegwerpbaar:a
wegwerpbaardere	wegwerpbaar:a
wegwerpbaarste	wegwerpbaar:a
wegzendbaarder	wegzendbaar:a
wegzendbaarst	wegzendbaar:a
wegzendbare	wegzendbaar:a
wegzendbaardere	wegzendbaar:a
wegzendbaarste	wegzendbaar:a
terugbetaalbaarder	terugbetaalbaar:a
terugbetaalbaarst	terugbetaalbaar:a
terugbetaalbare	terugbetaalbaar:a
terugbetaalbaardere	terugbetaalbaar:a
terugbetaalbaarste	terugbetaalbaar:a
terughaalbaarder	terughaalbaar:a
terughaalbaarst	terughaalbaar:a
terughaalbare	terughaalbaar:a
terughaalbaardere	terughaalbaar:a
terughaalbaarste	terughaalbaar:a
terugklapbaarder	terugklapbaar:a
terugklapbaarst	terugklapbaar:a
terugklapbare	terugklapbaar:a
terugklapbaardere	terugklapbaar:a
terugklapbaarste	terugklapbaar:a
terugneembaarder	terugneembaar:a
terugneembaarst	terugneembaar:a
terugneembare	terugneembaar:a
terugneembaardere	terugneembaar:a
terugneembaarste	terugneembaar:a
terugspoelbaarder	terugspoelbaar:a
terugspoelbaarst	terugspoelbaar:a
terugspoelbare	terugspoelbaar:a
terugspoelbaardere	terugspoelbaar:a
terugspoelbaarste	terugspoelbaar:a
terugtrekbaarder	terugtrekbaar:a
terugtrekbaarst	terugtrekbaar:a
terugtrekbare	terugtrekbaar:a
terugtrekbaardere	terugtrekbaar:a
terugtrekbaarste	terugtrekbaar:a
terugvindbaarder	terugvindbaar:a
terugvindbaarst	terugvindbaar:a
terugvindbare	terugvindbaar:a
terugvindbaardere	terugvindbaar:a
terugvindbaarste	terugvindbaar:a
terugvorderbaarder	terugvorderbaar:a
terugvorderbaarst	terugvorderbaar:a
terugvorderbare	terugvorderbaar:a
terugvorderbaardere	terugvorderbaar:a
terugvorderbaarste	terugvorderbaar:a
voorbedrukbaarder	voorbedrukbaar:a
voorbedrukbaarst	voorbedrukbaar:a
voorbedrukbare	voorbedrukbaar:a
voorbedrukbaardere	voorbedrukbaar:a
voorbedrukbaarste	voorbedrukbaar:a
voorleesbaarder	voorleesbaar:a
voorleesbaarst	voorleesbaar:a
voorleesbare	voorleesbaar:a
voorleesbaardere	voorleesbaar:a
voorleesbaarste	voorleesbaar:a
voorkombaarder	voorkombaar:a
voorkombaarst	voorkombaar:a
voorkombare	voorkombaar:a
voorkombaardere	voorkombaar:a
voorkombaarste	voorkombaar:a
toewijsbaarder	toewijsbaar:a
toewijsbaarst	toewijsbaar:a
toewijsbare	toewijsbaar:a
toewijsbaardere	toewijsbaar:a
toewijsbaarste	toewijsbaar:a
toevoegbaarder	toevoegbaar:a
toevoegbaarst	toevoegbaar:a
toevoegbare	toevoegbaar:a
toevoegbaardere	toevoegbaar:a
toevoegbaarste	toevoegbaar:a
toeschrijfbaarder	toeschrijfbaar:a
toeschrijfbaarst	toeschrijfbaar:a
toeschrijfbare	toeschrijfbaar:a
toeschrijfbaardere	toeschrijfbaar:a
toeschrijfbaarste	toeschrijfbaar:a
toeneembaarder	toeneembaar:a
toeneembaarst	toeneembaar:a
toeneembare	toeneembaar:a
toeneembaardere	toeneembaar:a
toeneembaarste	toeneembaar:a
toeklapbaarder	toeklapbaar:a
toeklapbaarst	toeklapbaar:a
toeklapbare	toeklapbaar:a
toeklapbaardere	toeklapbaar:a
toeklapbaarste	toeklapbaar:a
toekenbaarder	toekenbaar:a
toekenbaarst	toekenbaar:a
toekenbare	toekenbaar:a
toekenbaardere	toekenbaar:a
toekenbaarste	toekenbaar:a
toejuichbaarder	toejuichbaar:a
toejuichbaarst	toejuichbaar:a
toejuichbare	toejuichbaar:a
toejuichbaardere	toejuichbaar:a
toejuichbaarste	toejuichbaar:a
toegeefbaarder	toegeefbaar:a
toegeefbaarst	toegeefbaar:a
toegeefbare	toegeefbaar:a
toegeefbaardere	toegeefbaar:a
toegeefbaarste	toegeefbaar:a
toegangbaarder	toegangbaar:a
toegangbaarst	toegangbaar:a
toegangbare	toegangbaar:a
toegangbaardere	toegangbaar:a
toegangbaarste	toegangbaar:a
uitbeeldbaarder	uitbeeldbaar:a
uitbeeldbaarst	uitbeeldbaar:a
uitbeeldbare	uitbeeldbaar:a
uitbeeldbaardere	uitbeeldbaar:a
uitbeeldbaarste	uitbeeldbaar:a
uitblusbaarder	uitblusbaar:a
uitblusbaarst	uitblusbaar:a
uitblusbare	uitblusbaar:a
uitblusbaardere	uitblusbaar:a
uitblusbaarste	uitblusbaar:a
uitborstelbaarder	uitborstelbaar:a
uitborstelbaarst	uitborstelbaar:a
uitborstelbare	uitborstelbaar:a
uitborstelbaardere	uitborstelbaar:a
uitborstelbaarste	uitborstelbaar:a
uitbouwbaarder	uitbouwbaar:a
uitbouwbaarst	uitbouwbaar:a
uitbouwbare	uitbouwbaar:a
uitbouwbaardere	uitbouwbaar:a
uitbouwbaarste	uitbouwbaar:a
uitbreidbaarder	uitbreidbaar:a
uitbreidbaarst	uitbreidbaar:a
uitbreidbare	uitbreidbaar:a
uitbreidbaardere	uitbreidbaar:a
uitbreidbaarste	uitbreidbaar:a
uitbuitbaarder	uitbuitbaar:a
uitbuitbaarst	uitbuitbaar:a
uitbuitbare	uitbuitbaar:a
uitbuitbaardere	uitbuitbaar:a
uitbuitbaarste	uitbuitbaar:a
uitdampbaarder	uitdampbaar:a
uitdampbaarst	uitdampbaar:a
uitdampbare	uitdampbaar:a
uitdampbaardere	uitdampbaar:a
uitdampbaarste	uitdampbaar:a
uitdeelbaarder	uitdeelbaar:a
uitdeelbaarst	uitdeelbaar:a
uitdeelbare	uitdeelbaar:a
uitdeelbaardere	uitdeelbaar:a
uitdeelbaarste	uitdeelbaar:a
uitdrijfbaarder	uitdrijfbaar:a
uitdrijfbaarst	uitdrijfbaar:a
uitdrijfbare	uitdrijfbaar:a
uitdrijfbaardere	uitdrijfbaar:a
uitdrijfbaarste	uitdrijfbaar:a
uitdrukbaarder	uitdrukbaar:a
uitdrukbaarst	uitdrukbaar:a
uitdrukbare	uitdrukbaar:a
uitdrukbaardere	uitdrukbaar:a
uitdrukbaarste	uitdrukbaar:a
uiteenneembaarder	uiteenneembaar:a
uiteenneembaarst	uiteenneembaar:a
uiteenneembare	uiteenneembaar:a
uiteenneembaardere	uiteenneembaar:a
uiteenneembaarste	uiteenneembaar:a
uitgeefbaarder	uitgeefbaar:a
uitgeefbaarst	uitgeefbaar:a
uitgeefbare	uitgeefbaar:a
uitgeefbaardere	uitgeefbaar:a
uitgeefbaarste	uitgeefbaar:a
uithuwbaarder	uithuwbaar:a
uithuwbaarst	uithuwbaar:a
uithuwbare	uithuwbaar:a
uithuwbaardere	uithuwbaar:a
uithuwbaarste	uithuwbaar:a
gitaarspeel	gitaarspelen:v
gitaarspeelde	gitaarspelen:v
gitaarspeelt	gitaarspelen:v
gitaarspeelden	gitaarspelen:v
gitaarspelend	gitaarspelen:v
gitaargespeeld	gitaarspelen:v
eindejaarsdiners	eindejaarsdiner:n
motorlaarzen	motorlaars:n
motorlaarsje	motorlaars:n
uitkambaarder	uitkambaar:a
uitkambaarst	uitkambaar:a
uitkambare	uitkambaar:a
uitkambaardere	uitkambaar:a
uitkambaarste	uitkambaar:a
uitkeerbaarder	uitkeerbaar:a
uitkeerbaarst	uitkeerbaar:a
uitkeerbare	uitkeerbaar:a
uitkeerbaardere	uitkeerbaar:a
uitkeerbaarste	uitkeerbaar:a
uitklapbaarder	uitklapbaar:a
uitklapbaarst	uitklapbaar:a
uitklapbare	uitklapbaar:a
uitklapbaardere	uitklapbaar:a
uitklapbaarste	uitklapbaar:a
uitknijpbaarder	uitknijpbaar:a
uitknijpbaarst	uitknijpbaar:a
uitknijpbare	uitknijpbaar:a
uitknijpbaardere	uitknijpbaar:a
uitknijpbaarste	uitknijpbaar:a
uitknipbaarder	uitknipbaar:a
uitknipbaarst	uitknipbaar:a
uitknipbare	uitknipbaar:a
uitknipbaardere	uitknipbaar:a
uitknipbaarste	uitknipbaar:a
uitknoopbaarder	uitknoopbaar:a
uitknoopbaarst	uitknoopbaar:a
uitknoopbare	uitknoopbaar:a
uitknoopbaardere	uitknoopbaar:a
uitknoopbaarste	uitknoopbaar:a
uitkoopbaarder	uitkoopbaar:a
uitkoopbaarst	uitkoopbaar:a
uitkoopbare	uitkoopbaar:a
uitkoopbaardere	uitkoopbaar:a
uitkoopbaarste	uitkoopbaar:a
uitleenbaarder	uitleenbaar:a
uitleenbaarst	uitleenbaar:a
uitleenbare	uitleenbaar:a
uitleenbaardere	uitleenbaar:a
uitleenbaarste	uitleenbaar:a
uitleesbaarder	uitleesbaar:a
uitleesbaarst	uitleesbaar:a
uitleesbare	uitleesbaar:a
uitleesbaardere	uitleesbaar:a
uitleesbaarste	uitleesbaar:a
uitlegbaarder	uitlegbaar:a
uitlegbaarst	uitlegbaar:a
uitlegbare	uitlegbaar:a
uitlegbaardere	uitlegbaar:a
uitlegbaarste	uitlegbaar:a
uitloogbaarder	uitloogbaar:a
uitloogbaarst	uitloogbaar:a
uitloogbare	uitloogbaar:a
uitloogbaardere	uitloogbaar:a
uitloogbaarste	uitloogbaar:a
uitlootbaarder	uitlootbaar:a
uitlootbaarst	uitlootbaar:a
uitlootbare	uitlootbaar:a
uitlootbaardere	uitlootbaar:a
uitlootbaarste	uitlootbaar:a
uitoefenbaarder	uitoefenbaar:a
uitoefenbaarst	uitoefenbaar:a
uitoefenbare	uitoefenbaar:a
uitoefenbaardere	uitoefenbaar:a
uitoefenbaarste	uitoefenbaar:a
uitplaatsbaarder	uitplaatsbaar:a
uitplaatsbaarst	uitplaatsbaar:a
uitplaatsbare	uitplaatsbaar:a
uitplaatsbaardere	uitplaatsbaar:a
uitplaatsbaarste	uitplaatsbaar:a
uitprintbaarder	uitprintbaar:a
uitprintbaarst	uitprintbaar:a
uitprintbare	uitprintbaar:a
uitprintbaardere	uitprintbaar:a
uitprintbaarste	uitprintbaar:a
uitputbaarder	uitputbaar:a
uitputbaarst	uitputbaar:a
uitputbare	uitputbaar:a
uitputbaardere	uitputbaar:a
uitputbaarste	uitputbaar:a
uitrekbaarder	uitrekbaar:a
uitrekbaarst	uitrekbaar:a
uitrekbare	uitrekbaar:a
uitrekbaardere	uitrekbaar:a
uitrekbaarste	uitrekbaar:a
uitrijdbaarder	uitrijdbaar:a
uitrijdbaarst	uitrijdbaar:a
uitrijdbare	uitrijdbaar:a
uitrijdbaardere	uitrijdbaar:a
uitrijdbaarste	uitrijdbaar:a
uitritsbaarder	uitritsbaar:a
uitritsbaarst	uitritsbaar:a
uitritsbare	uitritsbaar:a
uitritsbaardere	uitritsbaar:a
uitritsbaarste	uitritsbaar:a
uitroeibaarder	uitroeibaar:a
uitroeibaarst	uitroeibaar:a
uitroeibare	uitroeibaar:a
uitroeibaardere	uitroeibaar:a
uitroeibaarste	uitroeibaar:a
uitrolbaarder	uitrolbaar:a
uitrolbaarst	uitrolbaar:a
uitrolbare	uitrolbaar:a
uitrolbaardere	uitrolbaar:a
uitrolbaarste	uitrolbaar:a
uitruilbaarder	uitruilbaar:a
uitruilbaarst	uitruilbaar:a
uitruilbare	uitruilbaar:a
uitruilbaardere	uitruilbaar:a
uitruilbaarste	uitruilbaar:a
uitschakelbaarder	uitschakelbaar:a
uitschakelbaarst	uitschakelbaar:a
uitschakelbare	uitschakelbaar:a
uitschakelbaardere	uitschakelbaar:a
uitschakelbaarste	uitschakelbaar:a
uitscheurbaarder	uitscheurbaar:a
uitscheurbaarst	uitscheurbaar:a
uitscheurbare	uitscheurbaar:a
uitscheurbaardere	uitscheurbaar:a
uitscheurbaarste	uitscheurbaar:a
uitschietbaarder	uitschietbaar:a
uitschietbaarst	uitschietbaar:a
uitschietbare	uitschietbaar:a
uitschietbaardere	uitschietbaar:a
uitschietbaarste	uitschietbaar:a
uitschrijfbaarder	uitschrijfbaar:a
uitschrijfbaarst	uitschrijfbaar:a
uitschrijfbare	uitschrijfbaar:a
uitschrijfbaardere	uitschrijfbaar:a
uitschrijfbaarste	uitschrijfbaar:a
uitschroefbaarder	uitschroefbaar:a
uitschroefbaarst	uitschroefbaar:a
uitschroefbare	uitschroefbaar:a
uitschroefbaardere	uitschroefbaar:a
uitschroefbaarste	uitschroefbaar:a
uitschuifbaarder	uitschuifbaar:a
uitschuifbaarst	uitschuifbaar:a
uitschuifbare	uitschuifbaar:a
uitschuifbaardere	uitschuifbaar:a
uitschuifbaarste	uitschuifbaar:a
uitsluitbaarder	uitsluitbaar:a
uitsluitbaarst	uitsluitbaar:a
uitsluitbare	uitsluitbaar:a
uitsluitbaardere	uitsluitbaar:a
uitsluitbaarste	uitsluitbaar:a
uitsplitsbaarder	uitsplitsbaar:a
uitsplitsbaarst	uitsplitsbaar:a
uitsplitsbare	uitsplitsbaar:a
uitsplitsbaardere	uitsplitsbaar:a
uitsplitsbaarste	uitsplitsbaar:a
uitspoelbaarder	uitspoelbaar:a
uitspoelbaarst	uitspoelbaar:a
uitspoelbare	uitspoelbaar:a
uitspoelbaardere	uitspoelbaar:a
uitspoelbaarste	uitspoelbaar:a
uitstaanbaarder	uitstaanbaar:a
uitstaanbaarst	uitstaanbaar:a
uitstaanbare	uitstaanbaar:a
uitstaanbaardere	uitstaanbaar:a
uitstaanbaarste	uitstaanbaar:a
uitstelbaarder	uitstelbaar:a
uitstelbaarst	uitstelbaar:a
uitstelbare	uitstelbaar:a
uitstelbaardere	uitstelbaar:a
uitstelbaarste	uitstelbaar:a
uitstrijkbaarder	uitstrijkbaar:a
uitstrijkbaarst	uitstrijkbaar:a
uitstrijkbare	uitstrijkbaar:a
uitstrijkbaardere	uitstrijkbaar:a
uitstrijkbaarste	uitstrijkbaar:a
uitstulpbaarder	uitstulpbaar:a
uitstulpbaarst	uitstulpbaar:a
uitstulpbare	uitstulpbaar:a
uitstulpbaardere	uitstulpbaar:a
uitstulpbaarste	uitstulpbaar:a
uittrekbaarder	uittrekbaar:a
uittrekbaarst	uittrekbaar:a
uittrekbare	uittrekbaar:a
uittrekbaardere	uittrekbaar:a
uittrekbaarste	uittrekbaar:a
uitvouwbaarder	uitvouwbaar:a
uitvouwbaarst	uitvouwbaar:a
uitvouwbare	uitvouwbaar:a
uitvouwbaardere	uitvouwbaar:a
uitvouwbaarste	uitvouwbaar:a
uitwasbaarder	uitwasbaar:a
uitwasbaarst	uitwasbaar:a
uitwasbare	uitwasbaar:a
uitwasbaardere	uitwasbaar:a
uitwasbaarste	uitwasbaar:a
uitwerkbaarder	uitwerkbaar:a
uitwerkbaarst	uitwerkbaar:a
uitwerkbare	uitwerkbaar:a
uitwerkbaardere	uitwerkbaar:a
uitwerkbaarste	uitwerkbaar:a
uitwerpbaarder	uitwerpbaar:a
uitwerpbaarst	uitwerpbaar:a
uitwerpbare	uitwerpbaar:a
uitwerpbaardere	uitwerpbaar:a
uitwerpbaarste	uitwerpbaar:a
uitwisselbaarder	uitwisselbaar:a
uitwisselbaarst	uitwisselbaar:a
uitwisselbare	uitwisselbaar:a
uitwisselbaardere	uitwisselbaar:a
uitwisselbaarste	uitwisselbaar:a
uitwringbaarder	uitwringbaar:a
uitwringbaarst	uitwringbaar:a
uitwringbare	uitwringbaar:a
uitwringbaardere	uitwringbaar:a
uitwringbaarste	uitwringbaar:a
uitzendbaarder	uitzendbaar:a
uitzendbaarst	uitzendbaar:a
uitzendbare	uitzendbaar:a
uitzendbaardere	uitzendbaar:a
uitzendbaarste	uitzendbaar:a
uitzetbaarder	uitzetbaar:a
uitzetbaarst	uitzetbaar:a
uitzetbare	uitzetbaar:a
uitzetbaardere	uitzetbaar:a
uitzetbaarste	uitzetbaar:a
uitzwenkbaarder	uitzwenkbaar:a
uitzwenkbaarst	uitzwenkbaar:a
uitzwenkbare	uitzwenkbaar:a
uitzwenkbaardere	uitzwenkbaar:a
uitzwenkbaarste	uitzwenkbaar:a
tegenstelbaarder	tegenstelbaar:a
tegenstelbaarst	tegenstelbaar:a
tegenstelbare	tegenstelbaar:a
tegenstelbaardere	tegenstelbaar:a
tegenstelbaarste	tegenstelbaar:a
tegenspreekbaarder	tegenspreekbaar:a
tegenspreekbaarst	tegenspreekbaar:a
tegenspreekbare	tegenspreekbaar:a
tegenspreekbaardere	tegenspreekbaar:a
tegenspreekbaarste	tegenspreekbaar:a
nabestelbaarder	nabestelbaar:a
nabestelbaarst	nabestelbaar:a
nabestelbare	nabestelbaar:a
nabestelbaardere	nabestelbaar:a
nabestelbaarste	nabestelbaar:a
nabootsbaarder	nabootsbaar:a
nabootsbaarst	nabootsbaar:a
nabootsbare	nabootsbaar:a
nabootsbaardere	nabootsbaar:a
nabootsbaarste	nabootsbaar:a
nadenkbaarder	nadenkbaar:a
nadenkbaarst	nadenkbaar:a
nadenkbare	nadenkbaar:a
nadenkbaardere	nadenkbaar:a
nadenkbaarste	nadenkbaar:a
nafluitbaarder	nafluitbaar:a
nafluitbaarst	nafluitbaar:a
nafluitbare	nafluitbaar:a
nafluitbaardere	nafluitbaar:a
nafluitbaarste	nafluitbaar:a
nagaanbaarder	nagaanbaar:a
nagaanbaarst	nagaanbaar:a
nagaanbare	nagaanbaar:a
nagaanbaardere	nagaanbaar:a
nagaanbaarste	nagaanbaar:a
naleefbaarder	naleefbaar:a
naleefbaarst	naleefbaar:a
naleefbare	naleefbaar:a
naleefbaardere	naleefbaar:a
naleefbaarste	naleefbaar:a
namaakbaarder	namaakbaar:a
namaakbaarst	namaakbaar:a
namaakbare	namaakbaar:a
namaakbaardere	namaakbaar:a
namaakbaarste	namaakbaar:a
naspeelbaarder	naspeelbaar:a
naspeelbaarst	naspeelbaar:a
naspeelbare	naspeelbaar:a
naspeelbaardere	naspeelbaar:a
naspeelbaarste	naspeelbaar:a
naspeurbaarder	naspeurbaar:a
naspeurbaarst	naspeurbaar:a
naspeurbare	naspeurbaar:a
naspeurbaardere	naspeurbaar:a
naspeurbaarste	naspeurbaar:a
naspoorbaarder	naspoorbaar:a
naspoorbaarst	naspoorbaar:a
naspoorbare	naspoorbaar:a
naspoorbaardere	naspoorbaar:a
naspoorbaarste	naspoorbaar:a
nastreefbaarder	nastreefbaar:a
nastreefbaarst	nastreefbaar:a
nastreefbare	nastreefbaar:a
nastreefbaardere	nastreefbaar:a
nastreefbaarste	nastreefbaar:a
natrekbaarder	natrekbaar:a
natrekbaarst	natrekbaar:a
natrekbare	natrekbaar:a
natrekbaardere	natrekbaar:a
natrekbaarste	natrekbaar:a
navertelbaarder	navertelbaar:a
navertelbaarst	navertelbaar:a
navertelbare	navertelbaar:a
navertelbaardere	navertelbaar:a
navertelbaarste	navertelbaar:a
navoelbaarder	navoelbaar:a
navoelbaarst	navoelbaar:a
navoelbare	navoelbaar:a
navoelbaardere	navoelbaar:a
navoelbaarste	navoelbaar:a
navolgbaarder	navolgbaar:a
navolgbaarst	navolgbaar:a
navolgbare	navolgbaar:a
navolgbaardere	navolgbaar:a
navolgbaarste	navolgbaar:a
navraagbaarder	navraagbaar:a
navraagbaarst	navraagbaar:a
navraagbare	navraagbaar:a
navraagbaardere	navraagbaar:a
navraagbaarste	navraagbaar:a
navulbaarder	navulbaar:a
navulbaarst	navulbaar:a
navulbare	navulbaar:a
navulbaardere	navulbaar:a
navulbaarste	navulbaar:a
nawijsbaarder	nawijsbaar:a
nawijsbaarst	nawijsbaar:a
nawijsbare	nawijsbaar:a
nawijsbaardere	nawijsbaar:a
nawijsbaarste	nawijsbaar:a
nazegbaarder	nazegbaar:a
nazegbaarst	nazegbaar:a
nazegbare	nazegbaar:a
nazegbaardere	nazegbaar:a
nazegbaarste	nazegbaar:a
nazingbaarder	nazingbaar:a
nazingbaarst	nazingbaar:a
nazingbare	nazingbaar:a
nazingbaardere	nazingbaar:a
nazingbaarste	nazingbaar:a
vergaderruimten	vergaderruimte:n
vergaderruimtes	vergaderruimte:n
fotokopieerapparaten	fotokopieerapparaat:n
fotokopieerapparaatje	fotokopieerapparaat:n
kopieerapparaten	kopieerapparaat:n
kopieerapparaatje	kopieerapparaat:n
kopieermachines	kopieermachine:n
kopieermachientje	kopieermachine:n
kopieermachinetje	kopieermachine:n
welvoeglijker	welvoeglijk:a
welvoeglijkst	welvoeglijk:a
welvoeglijke	welvoeglijk:a
welvoeglijkere	welvoeglijk:a
welvoeglijkste	welvoeglijk:a
kunstgalerijen	kunstgalerij:n
kunstgalerijtje	kunstgalerij:n
skepticus	scepticus:n
sterrenkaarten	sterrenkaart:n
sterrenkaartje	sterrenkaart:n
inzwarte	inzwart:a
inzwakke	inzwak:a
inzure	inzuur:a
inzoete	inzoet:a
invrome	invroom:a
inschoone	inschoon:a
inscherpe	inscherp:a
innette	innet:a
inmooie	inmooi:a
inlieve	inlief:a
ingoede	ingoed:a
ingemeene	ingemeen:a
infijne	infijn:a
inbittere	inbitter:a
indroge	indroog:a
dierzelfder	diezelfde:t
balijen	balije:n
fantasierijker	fantasierijk:a
fantasierijkst	fantasierijk:a
fantasierijke	fantasierijk:a
fantasierijkere	fantasierijk:a
fantasierijkste	fantasierijk:a
schilderrijker	schilderrijk:a
schilderrijkst	schilderrijk:a
schilderrijke	schilderrijk:a
schilderrijkere	schilderrijk:a
schilderrijkste	schilderrijk:a
sfeerrijker	sfeerrijk:a
sfeerrijkst	sfeerrijk:a
sfeerrijke	sfeerrijk:a
sfeerrijkere	sfeerrijk:a
sfeerrijkste	sfeerrijk:a
smaakrijker	smaakrijk:a
smaakrijkst	smaakrijk:a
smaakrijke	smaakrijk:a
smaakrijkere	smaakrijk:a
smaakrijkste	smaakrijk:a
sneeuwrijker	sneeuwrijk:a
sneeuwrijkst	sneeuwrijk:a
sneeuwrijke	sneeuwrijk:a
sneeuwrijkere	sneeuwrijk:a
sneeuwrijkste	sneeuwrijk:a
market	marketen:v
markette	marketen:v
marketten	marketen:v
marketend	marketen:v
gemarket	marketen:v
Mallorcaanse	Mallorcaans:a
Majorcaans	Mallorcaans:a
Mallorcanen	Mallorcaan:n
Mallorcaantje	Mallorcaan:n
Majorcaan	Mallorcaan:n
rockfestivals	rockfestival:n
rockfestivalletje	rockfestival:n
schaakspeel	schaakspelen:v
schaakspeelde	schaakspelen:v
schaakspeelt	schaakspelen:v
schaakspeelden	schaakspelen:v
schaakspelend	schaakspelen:v
schaakgespeeld	schaakspelen:v
kaaswinkels	kaaswinkel:n
kaaswinkeltje	kaaswinkel:n
medeleerlingen	medeleerling:n
medeleerlingetje	medeleerling:n
kaashandelaars	kaashandelaar:n
kaashandelaren	kaashandelaar:n
lactose-intoleranter	lactose-intolerant:a
lactose-intolerantst	lactose-intolerant:a
lactose-intolerante	lactose-intolerant:a
lactose-intolerantere	lactose-intolerant:a
lactose-intolerantste	lactose-intolerant:a
blokletters	blokletter:n
bloklettertje	blokletter:n
blokletter	blokletteren:v
blokletterde	blokletteren:v
bloklettert	blokletteren:v
blokletterden	blokletteren:v
blokletterend	blokletteren:v
geblokletterd	blokletteren:v
schrijfletters	schrijfletter:n
schrijflettertje	schrijfletter:n
angstdromen	angstdroom:n
angstdroompje	angstdroom:n
angstgevoelen	angstgevoel:n
angstgevoelens	angstgevoel:n
eindverantwoordelijke	eindverantwoordelijk:a
eindverantwoordelijken	eindverantwoordelijke:n
zweetgeuren	zweetgeur:n
zweetgeurtje	zweetgeur:n
astmapatiënten	astmapatiënt:n
astmapatiëntje	astmapatiënt:n
astmalijders	astmalijder:n
astmalijdertje	astmalijder:n
astmatici	astmaticus:n
astmatieke	astmatiek:a
astmatische	astmatisch:a
bovenverdiepingen	bovenverdieping:n
bovenverdiepinkje	bovenverdieping:n
muzieksmaken	muzieksmaak:n
astma-aanvallen	astma-aanval:n
astma-aanvalletje	astma-aanval:n
caloriearmer	caloriearm:a
caloriearmst	caloriearm:a
caloriearme	caloriearm:a
caloriearmere	caloriearm:a
caloriearmste	caloriearm:a
calorierijker	calorierijk:a
calorierijkst	calorierijk:a
calorierijke	calorierijk:a
calorierijkere	calorierijk:a
calorierijkste	calorierijk:a
kansarmer	kansarm:a
kansarmst	kansarm:a
kansarme	kansarm:a
kansarmere	kansarm:a
kansarmste	kansarm:a
kansarmen	kansarme:n
alcoholarmer	alcoholarm:a
alcoholarmst	alcoholarm:a
alcoholarme	alcoholarm:a
alcoholarmere	alcoholarm:a
alcoholarmste	alcoholarm:a
suikervrije	suikervrij:a
suikerarmer	suikerarm:a
suikerarmst	suikerarm:a
suikerarme	suikerarm:a
suikerarmere	suikerarm:a
suikerarmste	suikerarm:a
onderdrijf	onderdrijven:v
onderdreef	onderdrijven:v
onderdrijft	onderdrijven:v
onderdreven	onderdrijven:v
onderdrijvend	onderdrijven:v
ondergedreven	onderdrijven:v
oplossingsgerichter	oplossingsgericht:a
oplossingsgerichtst	oplossingsgericht:a
oplossingsgerichte	oplossingsgericht:a
oplossingsgerichtere	oplossingsgericht:a
oplossingsgerichtste	oplossingsgericht:a
hazelmuizen	hazelmuis:n
hazelmuisje	hazelmuis:n
lastigheden	lastigheid:n
lastigheidje	lastigheid:n
oud-collegae	oud-collega:n
oud-collega's	oud-collega:n
optaters	optater:n
optatertje	optater:n
subassertiever	subassertief:a
subassertieve	subassertief:a
subassertievere	subassertief:a
subassertiefste	subassertief:a
schuinten	schuinte:n
schuintes	schuinte:n
schuintetje	schuinte:n
data's	datum:n
musea's	museum:n
centra's	centrum:n
taakgerichter	taakgericht:a
taakgerichtst	taakgericht:a
taakgerichte	taakgericht:a
taakgerichtere	taakgericht:a
taakgerichtste	taakgericht:a
aanbodgerichter	aanbodgericht:a
aanbodgerichtst	aanbodgericht:a
aanbodgerichte	aanbodgericht:a
aanbodgerichtere	aanbodgericht:a
aanbodgerichtste	aanbodgericht:a
aanbodgestuurder	aanbodgestuurd:a
aanbodgestuurdst	aanbodgestuurd:a
aanbodgestuurde	aanbodgestuurd:a
aanbodgestuurdere	aanbodgestuurd:a
aanbodgestuurdste	aanbodgestuurd:a
aanbodgedrevener	aanbodgedreven:a
aanbodgedrevenst	aanbodgedreven:a
aanbodgedrevenste	aanbodgedreven:a
vraaggerichter	vraaggericht:a
vraaggerichtst	vraaggericht:a
vraaggerichte	vraaggericht:a
vraaggerichtere	vraaggericht:a
vraaggerichtste	vraaggericht:a
vraaggestuurder	vraaggestuurd:a
vraaggestuurdst	vraaggestuurd:a
vraaggestuurde	vraaggestuurd:a
vraaggestuurdere	vraaggestuurd:a
vraaggestuurdste	vraaggestuurd:a
vraaggedrevener	vraaggedreven:a
vraaggedrevenst	vraaggedreven:a
vraaggedrevenste	vraaggedreven:a
actiegerichter	actiegericht:a
actiegerichtst	actiegericht:a
actiegerichte	actiegericht:a
actiegerichtere	actiegericht:a
actiegerichtste	actiegericht:a
ambeteer	ambeteren:v
ambeteerde	ambeteren:v
ambeteert	ambeteren:v
ambeteerden	ambeteren:v
ambeterend	ambeteren:v
geambeteerd	ambeteren:v
mevreren	mevreer:n
mevreertje	mevreer:n
lichtdichter	lichtdicht:a
lichtdichtst	lichtdicht:a
lichtdichte	lichtdicht:a
lichtdichtere	lichtdicht:a
lichtdichtste	lichtdicht:a
klimaatbeheersingen	klimaatbeheersing:n
ringmappen	ringmap:n
ringmapje	ringmap:n
USB-sticks	USB-stick:n
USB-stickje	USB-stick:n
paasmaandagen	paasmaandag:n
paasmaandagje	paasmaandag:n
allergeenarmer	allergeenarm:a
allergeenarmst	allergeenarm:a
allergeenarme	allergeenarm:a
allergeenarmere	allergeenarm:a
allergeenarmste	allergeenarm:a
hypoallergener	hypoallergeen:a
hypoallergeenst	hypoallergeen:a
hypoallergene	hypoallergeen:a
hypoallergenere	hypoallergeen:a
hypoallergeenste	hypoallergeen:a
antiallergene	antiallergeen:a
beleidsarmer	beleidsarm:a
beleidsarmst	beleidsarm:a
beleidsarme	beleidsarm:a
beleidsarmere	beleidsarm:a
beleidsarmste	beleidsarm:a
bloedarmer	bloedarm:a
bloedarmst	bloedarm:a
bloedarme	bloedarm:a
bloedarmere	bloedarm:a
bloedarmste	bloedarm:a
anemischer	anemisch:a
anemischt	anemisch:a
anemische	anemisch:a
anemischere	anemisch:a
anemischte	anemisch:a
cholesterolarmer	cholesterolarm:a
cholesterolarmst	cholesterolarm:a
cholesterolarme	cholesterolarm:a
cholesterolarmere	cholesterolarm:a
cholesterolarmste	cholesterolarm:a
contactarmer	contactarm:a
contactarmst	contactarm:a
contactarme	contactarm:a
contactarmere	contactarm:a
contactarmste	contactarm:a
bankzaken	bankzaak:n
bankzaakje	bankzaak:n
voorbijvlieg	voorbijvliegen:v
voorbijvloog	voorbijvliegen:v
voorbijvliegt	voorbijvliegen:v
voorbijvlogen	voorbijvliegen:v
voorbijvliegend	voorbijvliegen:v
voorbijgevlogen	voorbijvliegen:v
mondiaals	mondiaal:a
wereldwijds	wereldwijd:a
ringbanden	ringband:n
ringbandje	ringband:n
bankgegevens	bankgegeven:n
klopke	klop:n
bigshoppers	bigshopper:n
bigshoppertje	bigshopper:n
kuisch	kuis:a
kuischheid	kuisheid:n
hoofsheden	hoofsheid:n
hoofschheid	hoofsheid:n
zedelijks	zedelijk:a
zedelijkers	zedelijk:a
eiwitarmer	eiwitarm:a
eiwitarmst	eiwitarm:a
eiwitarme	eiwitarm:a
eiwitarmere	eiwitarm:a
eiwitarmste	eiwitarm:a
eeuwigs	eeuwig:a
eeuwigers	eeuwig:a
leefwerelden	leefwereld:n
leefwereldje	leefwereld:n
spelconsoles	spelconsole:n
werkadressen	werkadres:n
bachelordiploma's	bachelordiploma:n
emissiearmer	emissiearm:a
emissiearmst	emissiearm:a
emissiearme	emissiearm:a
emissiearmere	emissiearm:a
emissiearmste	emissiearm:a
energierijker	energierijk:a
energierijkst	energierijk:a
energierijke	energierijk:a
energierijkere	energierijk:a
energierijkste	energierijk:a
energievoller	energievol:a
energievolst	energievol:a
energievolle	energievol:a
energievollere	energievol:a
energievolste	energievol:a
energie-efficiënter	energie-efficiënt:a
energie-efficiëntst	energie-efficiënt:a
energie-efficiënte	energie-efficiënt:a
energie-efficiëntere	energie-efficiënt:a
energie-efficiëntste	energie-efficiënt:a
energieverslindender	energieverslindend:a
energieverslindendst	energieverslindend:a
energieverslindende	energieverslindend:a
energieverslindendere	energieverslindend:a
energieverslindendste	energieverslindend:a
energievretender	energievretend:a
energievretendst	energievretend:a
energievretende	energievretend:a
energievretendere	energievretend:a
energievretendste	energievretend:a
energieslurpender	energieslurpend:a
energieslurpendst	energieslurpend:a
energieslurpende	energieslurpend:a
energieslurpendere	energieslurpend:a
energieslurpendste	energieslurpend:a
energiebesparender	energiebesparend:a
energiebesparendst	energiebesparend:a
energiebesparende	energiebesparend:a
energiebesparendere	energiebesparend:a
energiebesparendste	energiebesparend:a
energieverspillender	energieverspillend:a
energieverspillendst	energieverspillend:a
energieverspillende	energieverspillend:a
energieverspillendere	energieverspillend:a
energieverspillendste	energieverspillend:a
energiebesparingen	energiebesparing:n
energieverspillingen	energieverspilling:n
energiegerelateerder	energiegerelateerd:a
energiegerelateerdst	energiegerelateerd:a
energiegerelateerde	energiegerelateerd:a
energiegerelateerdere	energiegerelateerd:a
energiegerelateerdste	energiegerelateerd:a
energiebewuster	energiebewust:a
energiebewustst	energiebewust:a
energiebewuste	energiebewust:a
energiebewustere	energiebewust:a
energiebewustste	energiebewust:a
geluidsarmer	geluidsarm:a
geluidsarmst	geluidsarm:a
geluidsarme	geluidsarm:a
geluidsarmere	geluidsarm:a
geluidsarmste	geluidsarm:a
geluidarm	geluidsarm:a
geruisarmer	geruisarm:a
geruisarmst	geruisarm:a
geruisarme	geruisarm:a
geruisarmere	geruisarm:a
geruisarmste	geruisarm:a
geluidsloos	geluidloos:a
aansen	aanstonds:d
aansens	aanstonds:d
azem	adem:n
adfekaat	advocaat:n
defenestraties	defenestratie:n
defenestratietje	defenestratie:n
pardellossen	pardellos:n
pardellosje	pardellos:n
gevoelsarmer	gevoelsarm:a
gevoelsarmst	gevoelsarm:a
gevoelsarme	gevoelsarm:a
gevoelsarmere	gevoelsarm:a
gevoelsarmste	gevoelsarm:a
kalkarmer	kalkarm:a
kalkarmst	kalkarm:a
kalkarme	kalkarm:a
kalkarmere	kalkarm:a
kalkarmste	kalkarm:a
kapitaalarmer	kapitaalarm:a
kapitaalarmst	kapitaalarm:a
kapitaalarme	kapitaalarm:a
kapitaalarmere	kapitaalarm:a
kapitaalarmste	kapitaalarm:a
kinderarmer	kinderarm:a
kinderarmst	kinderarm:a
kinderarme	kinderarm:a
kinderarmere	kinderarm:a
kinderarmste	kinderarm:a
kinderarmen	kinderarm:n|kinderarme:n
kinderarmpje	kinderarm:n
kinderrijker	kinderrijk:a
kinderrijkst	kinderrijk:a
kinderrijke	kinderrijk:a
kinderrijkere	kinderrijk:a
kinderrijkste	kinderrijk:a
peilschalen	peilschaal:n
peilschaaltje	peilschaal:n
kinderrijken	kinderrijke:n
kroostrijker	kroostrijk:a
kroostrijkst	kroostrijk:a
kroostrijke	kroostrijk:a
kroostrijkere	kroostrijk:a
kroostrijkste	kroostrijk:a
kindloos	kinderloos:a
koolhydraatarmer	koolhydraatarm:a
koolhydraatarmst	koolhydraatarm:a
koolhydraatarme	koolhydraatarm:a
koolhydraatarmere	koolhydraatarm:a
koolhydraatarmste	koolhydraatarm:a
koolhydraatgehalten	koolhydraatgehalte:n
koolhydraatgehaltes	koolhydraatgehalte:n
kunstarmen	kunstarm:n
kunstarmpje	kunstarm:n
kunstarmer	kunstarm:a
kunstarmst	kunstarm:a
kunstarme	kunstarm:a
kunstarmere	kunstarm:a
kunstarmste	kunstarm:a
kwaliteitsarmer	kwaliteitsarm:a
kwaliteitsarmst	kwaliteitsarm:a
kwaliteitsarme	kwaliteitsarm:a
kwaliteitsarmere	kwaliteitsarm:a
kwaliteitsarmste	kwaliteitsarm:a
kwaliteitsvoller	kwaliteitsvol:a
kwaliteitsvolst	kwaliteitsvol:a
kwaliteitsvolle	kwaliteitsvol:a
kwaliteitsvollere	kwaliteitsvol:a
kwaliteitsvolste	kwaliteitsvol:a
kwaliteitarm	kwaliteitsarm:a
kwaliteitvol	kwaliteitsvol:a
loodarmer	loodarm:a
loodarmst	loodarm:a
loodarme	loodarm:a
loodarmere	loodarm:a
loodarmste	loodarm:a
nicotinearmer	nicotinearm:a
nicotinearmst	nicotinearm:a
nicotinearme	nicotinearm:a
nicotinearmere	nicotinearm:a
nicotinearmste	nicotinearm:a
nicotinevrije	nicotinevrij:a
ozonarmer	ozonarm:a
ozonarmst	ozonarm:a
ozonarme	ozonarm:a
ozonarmere	ozonarm:a
ozonarmste	ozonarm:a
ozonrijker	ozonrijk:a
ozonrijkst	ozonrijk:a
ozonrijke	ozonrijk:a
ozonrijkere	ozonrijk:a
ozonrijkste	ozonrijk:a
risicoarmer	risicoarm:a
risicoarmst	risicoarm:a
risicoarme	risicoarm:a
risicoarmere	risicoarm:a
risicoarmste	risicoarm:a
risicovoller	risicovol:a
risicovolst	risicovol:a
risicovolle	risicovol:a
risicovollere	risicovol:a
risicovolste	risicovol:a
risicoloze	risicoloos:a
risicovrije	risicovrij:a
rookarmer	rookarm:a
rookarmst	rookarm:a
rookarme	rookarm:a
rookarmere	rookarm:a
rookarmste	rookarm:a
rookvrije	rookvrij:a
inderlijk	innerlijk:a
offreer	offreren:v
offreerde	offreren:v
offreert	offreren:v
offreerden	offreren:v
offrerend	offreren:v
geoffreerd	offreren:v
soortenarmer	soortenarm:a
soortenarmst	soortenarm:a
soortenarme	soortenarm:a
soortenarmere	soortenarm:a
soortenarmste	soortenarm:a
soortenrijker	soortenrijk:a
soortenrijkst	soortenrijk:a
soortenrijke	soortenrijk:a
soortenrijkere	soortenrijk:a
soortenrijkste	soortenrijk:a
taalarmer	taalarm:a
taalarmst	taalarm:a
taalarme	taalarm:a
taalarmere	taalarm:a
taalarmste	taalarm:a
legsels	legsel:n
legseltje	legsel:n
horlepijp	horlepiep:n
broedsuccessen	broedsucces:n
broedsuccesje	broedsucces:n
havikskruiden	havikskruid:n
wiede	wijde:n|wieden:v
ariseer	ariseren:v
ariseerde	ariseren:v
ariseert	ariseren:v
ariseerden	ariseren:v
ariserend	ariseren:v
geariseerd	ariseren:v
verkeersarmer	verkeersarm:a
verkeersarmst	verkeersarm:a
verkeersarme	verkeersarm:a
verkeersarmere	verkeersarm:a
verkeersarmste	verkeersarm:a
verkeersvrije	verkeersvrij:a
verkeersluwer	verkeersluw:a
verkeersluwst	verkeersluw:a
verkeersluwe	verkeersluw:a
verkeersluwere	verkeersluw:a
verkeersluwste	verkeersluw:a
vitaminearmer	vitaminearm:a
vitaminearmst	vitaminearm:a
vitaminearme	vitaminearm:a
vitaminearmere	vitaminearm:a
vitaminearmste	vitaminearm:a
vitaminerijker	vitaminerijk:a
vitaminerijkst	vitaminerijk:a
vitaminerijke	vitaminerijk:a
vitaminerijkere	vitaminerijk:a
vitaminerijkste	vitaminerijk:a
vochtarmer	vochtarm:a
vochtarmst	vochtarm:a
vochtarme	vochtarm:a
vochtarmere	vochtarm:a
vochtarmste	vochtarm:a
vochtvrijer	vochtvrij:a
vochtvrijst	vochtvrij:a
vochtvrije	vochtvrij:a
vochtvrijere	vochtvrij:a
vochtvrijste	vochtvrij:a
waterarmer	waterarm:a
waterarmst	waterarm:a
waterarme	waterarm:a
waterarmere	waterarm:a
waterarmste	waterarm:a
waterarmen	waterarm:n
waterarmpje	waterarm:n
watervrijer	watervrij:a
watervrijst	watervrij:a
watervrije	watervrij:a
watervrijere	watervrij:a
watervrijste	watervrij:a
waterrijker	waterrijk:a
waterrijkst	waterrijk:a
waterrijke	waterrijk:a
waterrijkere	waterrijk:a
waterrijkste	waterrijk:a
waterrijkdommen	waterrijkdom:n
waterproeven	waterproef:n
waterproefje	waterproef:n
waterproef	waterproof:a|waterproof:n
zoutarmer	zoutarm:a
zoutarmst	zoutarm:a
zoutarme	zoutarm:a
zoutarmere	zoutarm:a
zoutarmste	zoutarm:a
zwavelarmer	zwavelarm:a
zwavelarmst	zwavelarm:a
zwavelarme	zwavelarm:a
zwavelarmere	zwavelarm:a
zwavelarmste	zwavelarm:a
zwavelrijker	zwavelrijk:a
zwavelrijkst	zwavelrijk:a
zwavelrijke	zwavelrijk:a
zwavelrijkere	zwavelrijk:a
zwavelrijkste	zwavelrijk:a
zwavelvrije	zwavelvrij:a
programmakeuzen	programmakeuze:n
programmakeuzes	programmakeuze:n
hoogbegaafder	hoogbegaafd:a
hoogbegaafdst	hoogbegaafd:a
hoogbegaafde	hoogbegaafd:a
hoogbegaafdere	hoogbegaafd:a
hoogbegaafdste	hoogbegaafd:a
deurspionnen	deurspion:n
deurspionnetje	deurspion:n
kijkgaten	kijkgat:n
kijkgaatje	kijkgat:n
judasogen	judasoog:n
judasoogje	judasoog:n
blauwboeken	blauwboek:n
blauwboekje	blauwboek:n
zwartboeken	zwartboek:n
zwartboekje	zwartboek:n
poepiebruine	poepiebruin:a
drachtplanten	drachtplant:n
bikiniklaarder	bikiniklaar:a
bikiniklaarst	bikiniklaar:a
bikiniklare	bikiniklaar:a
bikiniklaardere	bikiniklaar:a
bikiniklaarste	bikiniklaar:a
visuilen	visuil:n
visuiltje	visuil:n
kribbiger	kribbig:a
kribbigst	kribbig:a
kribbige	kribbig:a
kribbigere	kribbig:a
kribbigste	kribbig:a
abortustoeristen	abortustoerist:n
abortustoeristje	abortustoerist:n
kangoeroewoningen	kangoeroewoning:n
kangoeroewoninkje	kangoeroewoning:n
kangoeroehuizen	kangoeroehuis:n
kangoeroehuisje	kangoeroehuis:n
kangoeroeappartementen	kangoeroeappartement:n
kangoeroeappartementje	kangoeroeappartement:n
duplexwoningen	duplexwoning:n
duplexwoninkje	duplexwoning:n
taalnazi's	taalnazi:n
brievenbusstickers	brievenbussticker:n
brievenbusstickertje	brievenbussticker:n
beeldenrijker	beeldenrijk:a
beeldenrijkst	beeldenrijk:a
beeldenrijke	beeldenrijk:a
beeldenrijkere	beeldenrijk:a
beeldenrijkste	beeldenrijk:a
beeldrijk	beeldenrijk:a
scheefwoon	scheefwonen:v
scheefwoonde	scheefwonen:v
scheefwoont	scheefwonen:v
scheefwoonden	scheefwonen:v
scheefwonend	scheefwonen:v
scheefgewoond	scheefwonen:v
superleuke	superleuk:a
ongedurige	ongedurig:a
zuriger	zurig:a
zurigst	zurig:a
zurige	zurig:a
zurigere	zurig:a
zurigste	zurig:a
vuilmaak	vuilmaken:v
vuilmaakte	vuilmaken:v
vuilmaakt	vuilmaken:v
vuilmaakten	vuilmaken:v
vuilmakend	vuilmaken:v
vuilgemaakt	vuilmaken:v
beeldenrijkdommen	beeldenrijkdom:n
spoedposten	spoedpost:n
spoedpostje	spoedpost:n
huisartsenposten	huisartsenpost:n
helmbloemen	helmbloem:n
helmbloempje	helmbloem:n
helmbloemetje	helmbloem:n
0e	nulde:a
0de	nulde:a
rietzakspinnen	rietzakspin:n
rietzakspinnetje	rietzakspin:n
zakspinnen	zakspin:n
zakspinnetje	zakspin:n
struikzakspinnen	struikzakspin:n
struikzakspinnetje	struikzakspin:n
f5	f5'en:v
f5'de	f5'en:v
f5't	f5'en:v
f5'den	f5'en:v
f5'end	f5'en:v
ge-f5'd	f5'en:v
F5'en	f5'en:v
plaatsneem	plaatsnemen:v
plaatsnam	plaatsnemen:v
plaatsneemt	plaatsnemen:v
plaatsnemend	plaatsnemen:v
plaatsgenomen	plaatsnemen:v
Noord-Amerikaanser	Noord-Amerikaans:a
Noord-Amerikaanst	Noord-Amerikaans:a
Noord-Amerikaanse	Noord-Amerikaans:a
Noord-Amerikaansere	Noord-Amerikaans:a
Noord-Amerikaanste	Noord-Amerikaans:a
verfvlekken	verfvlek:n
kunstcritici	kunstcriticus:n
familieanamneses	familieanamnese:n
heteroanamneses	heteroanamnese:n
anamnestische	anamnestisch:a
bloemenrijker	bloemenrijk:a
bloemenrijkst	bloemenrijk:a
bloemenrijke	bloemenrijk:a
bloemenrijkere	bloemenrijk:a
bloemenrijkste	bloemenrijk:a
detailrijker	detailrijk:a
detailrijkst	detailrijk:a
detailrijke	detailrijk:a
detailrijkere	detailrijk:a
detailrijkste	detailrijk:a
eenkenniger	eenkennig:a
eenkennigst	eenkennig:a
eenkennige	eenkennig:a
eenkennigere	eenkennig:a
eenkennigste	eenkennig:a
aardachtiger	aardachtig:a
aardachtigst	aardachtig:a
aardachtige	aardachtig:a
aardachtigere	aardachtig:a
aardachtigste	aardachtig:a
advocaatachtiger	advocaatachtig:a
advocaatachtigst	advocaatachtig:a
advocaatachtige	advocaatachtig:a
advocaatachtigere	advocaatachtig:a
advocaatachtigste	advocaatachtig:a
motjo's	motjo:n
motjootje	motjo:n
motyo	motjo:n
muizenissen	muizenis:n
muizenisje	muizenis:n
gotspieuzer	gotspieus:a
gotspieust	gotspieus:a
gotspieuze	gotspieus:a
gotspieuzere	gotspieus:a
gotspieuste	gotspieus:a
Bioblitz	bioblitz:n
BioBlitz	bioblitz:n
bioblitz	bioblitzen:v
bioblitzte	bioblitzen:v
bioblitzt	bioblitzen:v
bioblitzten	bioblitzen:v
bioblitzend	bioblitzen:v
gebioblitzt	bioblitzen:v
veelbeluisterde	veelbeluisterd:a
eindejaarsfeesten	eindejaarsfeest:n
eindejaarsfeestje	eindejaarsfeest:n
weerzie	weerzien:v
weerzag	weerzien:v
weerziet	weerzien:v
weerzagen	weerzien:v
weerziend	weerzien:v
weergezien	weerzien:v
droppel	druppel:n
droppelen	druppelen:v
groepsactiviteiten	groepsactiviteit:n
toneeldocenten	toneeldocent:n
trainingsbroeken	trainingsbroek:n
trainingsbroekje	trainingsbroek:n
kwaliteitsproducten	kwaliteitsproduct:n
kwaliteitsproductje	kwaliteitsproduct:n
pottenkijkers	pottenkijker:n
pottenkijkertje	pottenkijker:n
ongelofelozer	ongelofeloos:a
ongelofeloost	ongelofeloos:a
ongelofeloze	ongelofeloos:a
ongelofelozere	ongelofeloos:a
ongelofelooste	ongelofeloos:a
lobbyde	lobbyen:v
lobbyt	lobbyen:v
lobbyden	lobbyen:v
lobbyend	lobbyen:v
gelobbyd	lobbyen:v
atoomlobby's	atoomlobby:n
autolobby's	autolobby:n
bankenlobby's	bankenlobby:n
boerenlobby's	boerenlobby:n
landbouwlobby's	landbouwlobby:n
tabakslobby's	tabakslobby:n
wapenlobby's	wapenlobby:n
paranormaler	paranormaal:a
paranormaalst	paranormaal:a
paranormalere	paranormaal:a
paranormaalste	paranormaal:a
betij	betijen:v
betijde	betijen:v
betijt	betijen:v
betijden	betijen:v
betijend	betijen:v
betijd	betijen:v
verongelijk	verongelijken:v
verongelijkte	verongelijken:v
verongelijkt	verongelijken:v
verongelijkten	verongelijken:v
verongelijkend	verongelijken:v
waterboardde	waterboarden:v
waterboardt	waterboarden:v
waterboardden	waterboarden:v
waterboardend	waterboarden:v
gewaterboard	waterboarden:v
antilopeachtiger	antilopeachtig:a
antilopeachtigst	antilopeachtig:a
antilopeachtige	antilopeachtig:a
antilopeachtigere	antilopeachtig:a
antilopeachtigste	antilopeachtig:a
aspergeachtiger	aspergeachtig:a
aspergeachtigst	aspergeachtig:a
aspergeachtige	aspergeachtig:a
aspergeachtigere	aspergeachtig:a
aspergeachtigste	aspergeachtig:a
aubergineachtiger	aubergineachtig:a
aubergineachtigst	aubergineachtig:a
aubergineachtige	aubergineachtig:a
aubergineachtigere	aubergineachtig:a
aubergineachtigste	aubergineachtig:a
azijnachtiger	azijnachtig:a
azijnachtigst	azijnachtig:a
azijnachtige	azijnachtig:a
azijnachtigere	azijnachtig:a
azijnachtigste	azijnachtig:a
baasachtiger	baasachtig:a
baasachtigst	baasachtig:a
baasachtige	baasachtig:a
baasachtigere	baasachtig:a
baasachtigste	baasachtig:a
geocachete	geocachen:v
geocachet	geocachen:v
geocacheten	geocachen:v
geocachend	geocachen:v
gegeocachet	geocachen:v
vredelievender	vredelievend:a
vredelievendst	vredelievend:a
vredelievende	vredelievend:a
vredelievendere	vredelievend:a
vredelievendste	vredelievend:a
kalkminnender	kalkminnend:a
kalkminnendst	kalkminnend:a
kalkminnende	kalkminnend:a
kalkminnendere	kalkminnend:a
kalkminnendste	kalkminnend:a
zuurminnender	zuurminnend:a
zuurminnendst	zuurminnend:a
zuurminnende	zuurminnend:a
zuurminnendere	zuurminnend:a
zuurminnendste	zuurminnend:a
vaatwastabletten	vaatwastablet:n
logeerkamers	logeerkamer:n
logeerkamertje	logeerkamer:n
protseriger	protserig:a
protserigst	protserig:a
protserige	protserig:a
protserigere	protserig:a
protserigste	protserig:a
gegeerder	gegeerd:a
gegeerdst	gegeerd:a
gegeerde	gegeerd:a
gegeerdere	gegeerd:a
gegeerdste	gegeerd:a
voorjaarsgentianen	voorjaarsgentiaan:n
voorjaarsgentiaantje	voorjaarsgentiaan:n
lentegentianen	lentegentiaan:n
lentegentiaantje	lentegentiaan:n
boshyacinten	boshyacint:n
boshyacintje	boshyacint:n
kluitiger	kluitig:a
kluitigst	kluitig:a
kluitige	kluitig:a
kluitigere	kluitig:a
kluitigste	kluitig:a
maandlonen	maandloon:n
maandloontje	maandloon:n
jaarlonen	jaarloon:n
jaarloontje	jaarloon:n
hinkel	hinkelen:v
hinkelde	hinkelen:v
hinkelt	hinkelen:v
hinkelden	hinkelen:v
hinkelend	hinkelen:v
gehinkeld	hinkelen:v
consacreer	consacreren:v
consacreerde	consacreren:v
consacreert	consacreren:v
consacreerden	consacreren:v
consacrerend	consacreren:v
geconsacreerd	consacreren:v
zuurtegraden	zuurtegraad:n
zuurtegraadje	zuurtegraad:n
borstsparende	borstsparend:a
borstbesparende	borstbesparend:a
onderontwikkelder	onderontwikkeld:a
onderontwikkeldst	onderontwikkeld:a
onderontwikkelde	onderontwikkeld:a
onderontwikkeldere	onderontwikkeld:a
onderontwikkeldste	onderontwikkeld:a
onontwikkelde	onontwikkeld:a
inloopkasten	inloopkast:n
inloopkastje	inloopkast:n
inloopdouches	inloopdouche:n
inloopdouchetje	inloopdouche:n
douchekoppen	douchekop:n
douchekopje	douchekop:n
douchegels	douchegel:n
trechterborsten	trechterborst:n
trechterborstje	trechterborst:n
hinkelbanen	hinkelbaan:n
hinkelbaantje	hinkelbaan:n
babbelachtiger	babbelachtig:a
babbelachtigst	babbelachtig:a
babbelachtige	babbelachtig:a
babbelachtigere	babbelachtig:a
babbelachtigste	babbelachtig:a
bosereprijzen	bosereprijs:n
bosereprijsje	bosereprijs:n
nulmetingen	nulmeting:n
nulmetinkje	nulmeting:n
schildersmaterialen	schildersmateriaal:n
binnenblijf	binnenblijven:v
binnenbleef	binnenblijven:v
binnenblijft	binnenblijven:v
binnenbleven	binnenblijven:v
binnenblijvend	binnenblijven:v
binnengebleven	binnenblijven:v
twintigtallen	twintigtal:n
twintigtalletje	twintigtal:n
regeringsformaties	regeringsformatie:n
convenabeler	convenabel:a
convenabelst	convenabel:a
convenabele	convenabel:a
convenabelere	convenabel:a
convenabelste	convenabel:a
bedaagder	bedaagd:a
bedaagdst	bedaagd:a
bedaagde	bedaagd:a
bedaagdere	bedaagd:a
bedaagdste	bedaagd:a
snok	snokken:v
snokte	snokken:v
snokt	snokken:v
snokten	snokken:v
snokkend	snokken:v
gesnokt	snokken:v
motjovogels	motjovogel:n
motjovogeltje	motjovogel:n
kledingmerken	kledingmerk:n
kledingmerkje	kledingmerk:n
babyachtiger	babyachtig:a
babyachtigst	babyachtig:a
babyachtige	babyachtig:a
babyachtigere	babyachtig:a
babyachtigste	babyachtig:a
bedelachtiger	bedelachtig:a
bedelachtigst	bedelachtig:a
bedelachtige	bedelachtig:a
bedelachtigere	bedelachtig:a
bedelachtigste	bedelachtig:a
beenachtiger	beenachtig:a
beenachtigst	beenachtig:a
beenachtige	beenachtig:a
beenachtigere	beenachtig:a
beenachtigste	beenachtig:a
botachtiger	botachtig:a
botachtigst	botachtig:a
botachtige	botachtig:a
botachtigere	botachtig:a
botachtigste	botachtig:a
beha-achtig	bh-achtig:a
bh-achtiger	bh-achtig:a
bh-achtigst	bh-achtig:a
bh-achtige	bh-achtig:a
bh-achtigere	bh-achtig:a
bh-achtigste	bh-achtig:a
beigeachtiger	beigeachtig:a
beigeachtigst	beigeachtig:a
beigeachtige	beigeachtig:a
beigeachtigere	beigeachtig:a
beigeachtigste	beigeachtig:a
bladachtiger	bladachtig:a
bladachtigst	bladachtig:a
bladachtige	bladachtig:a
bladachtigere	bladachtig:a
bladachtigste	bladachtig:a
bloemachtiger	bloemachtig:a
bloemachtigst	bloemachtig:a
bloemachtige	bloemachtig:a
bloemachtigere	bloemachtig:a
bloemachtigste	bloemachtig:a
bloemiger	bloemig:a
bloemigst	bloemig:a
bloemige	bloemig:a
bloemigere	bloemig:a
bloemigste	bloemig:a
bosachtiger	bosachtig:a
bosachtigst	bosachtig:a
bosachtige	bosachtig:a
bosachtigere	bosachtig:a
bosachtigste	bosachtig:a
bossiger	bossig:a
bossigst	bossig:a
bossige	bossig:a
bossigere	bossig:a
bossigste	bossig:a
woudachtiger	woudachtig:a
woudachtigst	woudachtig:a
woudachtige	woudachtig:a
woudachtigere	woudachtig:a
woudachtigste	woudachtig:a
snollebollen	snollebol:n
snollebolletje	snollebol:n
snollebolleke	snollebol:n
telecommunicaties	telecommunicatie:n
bh-banden	bh-band:n
bh-bandje	bh-band:n
behaband	bh-band:n
koekwauser	koekwaus:a
koekwaust	koekwaus:a
koekwause	koekwaus:a
koekwausere	koekwaus:a
koekwauste	koekwaus:a
koekwausen	koekwaus:n
koekwausje	koekwaus:n
taillebanden	tailleband:n
taillebandje	tailleband:n
koekwous	koekwaus:a|koekwaus:n
branieachtiger	branieachtig:a
branieachtigst	branieachtig:a
branieachtige	branieachtig:a
branieachtigere	branieachtig:a
branieachtigste	branieachtig:a
brijachtiger	brijachtig:a
brijachtigst	brijachtig:a
brijachtige	brijachtig:a
brijachtigere	brijachtig:a
brijachtigste	brijachtig:a
brijiger	brijig:a
brijigst	brijig:a
brijige	brijig:a
brijigere	brijig:a
brijigste	brijig:a
papperiger	papperig:a
papperigst	papperig:a
papperige	papperig:a
papperigere	papperig:a
papperigste	papperig:a
moeraswederiken	moeraswederik:n
bunkerachtiger	bunkerachtig:a
bunkerachtigst	bunkerachtig:a
bunkerachtige	bunkerachtig:a
bunkerachtigere	bunkerachtig:a
bunkerachtigste	bunkerachtig:a
burgeroorlogachtiger	burgeroorlogachtig:a
burgeroorlogachtigst	burgeroorlogachtig:a
burgeroorlogachtige	burgeroorlogachtig:a
burgeroorlogachtigere	burgeroorlogachtig:a
burgeroorlogachtigste	burgeroorlogachtig:a
caféachtiger	caféachtig:a
caféachtigst	caféachtig:a
caféachtige	caféachtig:a
caféachtigere	caféachtig:a
caféachtigste	caféachtig:a
kroegachtiger	kroegachtig:a
kroegachtigst	kroegachtig:a
kroegachtige	kroegachtig:a
kroegachtigere	kroegachtig:a
kroegachtigste	kroegachtig:a
cartoonachtiger	cartoonachtig:a
cartoonachtigst	cartoonachtig:a
cartoonachtige	cartoonachtig:a
cartoonachtigere	cartoonachtig:a
cartoonachtigste	cartoonachtig:a
christusachtiger	christusachtig:a
christusachtigst	christusachtig:a
christusachtige	christusachtig:a
christusachtigere	christusachtig:a
christusachtigste	christusachtig:a
Christusachtig	christusachtig:a
circusachtiger	circusachtig:a
circusachtigst	circusachtig:a
circusachtige	circusachtig:a
circusachtigere	circusachtig:a
circusachtigste	circusachtig:a
clownachtiger	clownachtig:a
clownachtigst	clownachtig:a
clownachtige	clownachtig:a
clownachtigere	clownachtig:a
clownachtigste	clownachtig:a
kruisbladige	kruisbladig:a
sportkleren	sportkleed:n
sportklederen	sportkleed:n
touroperators	touroperator:n
touroperatortje	touroperator:n
fietsroutes	fietsroute:n
fietsrouten	fietsroute:n
fietsroutetje	fietsroute:n
ontgoochelingen	ontgoocheling:n
ontgoochelinkje	ontgoocheling:n
dichterbebost	dichtbebost:a
dichtstbebost	dichtbebost:a
dichtbeboste	dichtbebost:a
dichterbeboste	dichtbebost:a
dichtstbeboste	dichtbebost:a
avondvullender	avondvullend:a
avondvullendst	avondvullend:a
avondvullende	avondvullend:a
avondvullendere	avondvullend:a
avondvullendste	avondvullend:a
middagvullender	middagvullend:a
middagvullendst	middagvullend:a
middagvullende	middagvullend:a
middagvullendere	middagvullend:a
middagvullendste	middagvullend:a
ochtendvullender	ochtendvullend:a
ochtendvullendst	ochtendvullend:a
ochtendvullende	ochtendvullend:a
ochtendvullendere	ochtendvullend:a
ochtendvullendste	ochtendvullend:a
dagvullender	dagvullend:a
dagvullendst	dagvullend:a
dagvullende	dagvullend:a
dagvullendere	dagvullend:a
dagvullendste	dagvullend:a
beeldvullender	beeldvullend:a
beeldvullendst	beeldvullend:a
beeldvullende	beeldvullend:a
beeldvullendere	beeldvullend:a
beeldvullendste	beeldvullend:a
paginavullender	paginavullend:a
paginavullendst	paginavullend:a
paginavullende	paginavullend:a
paginavullendere	paginavullend:a
paginavullendste	paginavullend:a
zakkenvullender	zakkenvullend:a
zakkenvullendst	zakkenvullend:a
zakkenvullende	zakkenvullend:a
zakkenvullendere	zakkenvullend:a
zakkenvullendste	zakkenvullend:a
vijfjaarsoverlevingen	vijfjaarsoverleving:n
overlevingskansen	overlevingskans:n
overlevingskansje	overlevingskans:n
overlevingsmechanismen	overlevingsmechanisme:n
overlevingsmechanismes	overlevingsmechanisme:n
overlevingsstrategieën	overlevingsstrategie:n
zwembanden	zwemband:n
zwembandje	zwemband:n
krasvrije	krasvrij:a
krasbestendiger	krasbestendig:a
krasbestendigst	krasbestendig:a
krasbestendige	krasbestendig:a
krasbestendigere	krasbestendig:a
krasbestendigste	krasbestendig:a
krasvaster	krasvast:a
krasvastst	krasvast:a
krasvaste	krasvast:a
krasvastere	krasvast:a
krasvastste	krasvast:a
groentebedden	groentebed:n
groentebedje	groentebed:n
parsoon	persoon:n
bosschages	bosschage:n
bosschagetje	bosschage:n
kuifibissen	kuifibis:n
kuifibisje	kuifibis:n
kooikers	kooiker:n
kooikertje	kooiker:n
muizenstaarten	muizenstaart:n
muizenstaartje	muizenstaart:n
versproducten	versproduct:n
versproductje	versproduct:n
speelgoedafdelingen	speelgoedafdeling:n
halvemanen	halvemaan:n
halvemaantje	halvemaan:n
doelgerichter	doelgericht:a
doelgerichtst	doelgericht:a
doelgerichte	doelgericht:a
doelgerichtere	doelgericht:a
doelgerichtste	doelgericht:a
veelgestelde	veelgesteld:a
meestgestelde	meestgesteld:a
copyrightte	copyrighten:v
copyrightten	copyrighten:v
copyrightend	copyrighten:v
gecopyright	copyrighten:v
copyrighthouders	copyrighthouder:n
auteursrechtelijke	auteursrechtelijk:a
auteursrechtenbureaus	auteursrechtenbureau:n
auteursrechtenorganisaties	auteursrechtenorganisatie:n
auteursrechthebbenden	auteursrechthebbende:n
stooksels	stooksel:n
stookseltje	stooksel:n
slaaptekorten	slaaptekort:n
spielereien	spielerei:n
spielereitje	spielerei:n
blikopeners	blikopener:n
flesopeners	flesopener:n
flessenopener	flesopener:n
suizebol	suizebollen:v
suizebolde	suizebollen:v
suizebolt	suizebollen:v
suizebolden	suizebollen:v
suizebollend	suizebollen:v
gesuizebold	suizebollen:v
uitstijg	uitstijgen:v
uitsteeg	uitstijgen:v
uitstijgt	uitstijgen:v
uitstegen	uitstijgen:v
uitstijgend	uitstijgen:v
uitgestegen	uitstijgen:v
rijstpuddingen	rijstpudding:n
rijstpuddinkje	rijstpudding:n
wauwel	wauwelen:v
wauwelde	wauwelen:v
wauwelt	wauwelen:v
wauwelden	wauwelen:v
wauwelend	wauwelen:v
gewauweld	wauwelen:v
familiemaaltijden	familiemaaltijd:n
boodschappenlijsten	boodschappenlijst:n
boodschappenlijstje	boodschappenlijst:n
hoofdbrekens	hoofdbreken:n
betonvloeren	betonvloer:n
betonvloertje	betonvloer:n
bestuderingen	bestudering:n
bestaansrechten	bestaansrecht:n
flamoezen	flamoes:n
flamoesje	flamoes:n
kaziger	kazig:a
kazigst	kazig:a
kazige	kazig:a
kazigere	kazig:a
kazigste	kazig:a
vermoeilijk	vermoeilijken:v
vermoeilijkte	vermoeilijken:v
vermoeilijkt	vermoeilijken:v
vermoeilijkten	vermoeilijken:v
vermoeilijkend	vermoeilijken:v
halfklinkers	halfklinker:n
spraakklanken	spraakklank:n
hoogvenen	hoogveen:n
hoogveentje	hoogveen:n
veenweides	veenweide:n
veenweidetje	veenweide:n
zelfkanten	zelfkant:n
zelfkantje	zelfkant:n
kaaklijnen	kaaklijn:n
tomateer	tomateren:v
tomateerde	tomateren:v
tomateert	tomateren:v
tomateerden	tomateren:v
tomaterend	tomateren:v
getomateerd	tomateren:v
rubbertegelkinderen	rubbertegelkind:n
rubbertegelkindje	rubbertegelkind:n
hogergelegen	hooggelegen:a
hoogstgelegen	hooggelegen:a
verwijl	verwijlen:v
verwijlde	verwijlen:v
verwijlt	verwijlen:v
verwijlden	verwijlen:v
verwijlend	verwijlen:v
geverwijld	verwijlen:v
lagergelegen	laaggelegen:a
laagstgelegen	laaggelegen:a
schrieler	schriel:a
schrielst	schriel:a
schriele	schriel:a
schrielere	schriel:a
schrielste	schriel:a
schravel	schravelen:v
schravelde	schravelen:v
schravelt	schravelen:v
schravelden	schravelen:v
schravelend	schravelen:v
geschraveld	schravelen:v
dichterbijgelegen	dichtbijgelegen:a
dichtstbijgelegen	dichtbijgelegen:a
broodoproeren	broodoproer:n
broodoproertje	broodoproer:n
hittepetitten	hittepetit:n
hittepetitje	hittepetit:n
hoogteverschillen	hoogteverschil:n
ooghoogtes	ooghoogte:n
ooghoogten	ooghoogte:n
middencirkels	middencirkel:n
middencirkeltje	middencirkel:n
heftigheden	heftigheid:n
heftigheidje	heftigheid:n
heuvel	heuvelen:v
heuvelde	heuvelen:v
heuvelt	heuvelen:v
heuvelden	heuvelen:v
heuvelend	heuvelen:v
geheuveld	heuvelen:v
hoekpunten	hoekpunt:n
hoekhuizen	hoekhuis:n
hoekhuisje	hoekhuis:n
hofmakerijen	hofmakerij:n
homogeniseer	homogeniseren:v
homogeniseerde	homogeniseren:v
homogeniseert	homogeniseren:v
homogeniseerden	homogeniseren:v
homogeniserend	homogeniseren:v
gehomogeniseerd	homogeniseren:v
honkbalpetten	honkbalpet:n
honkbalpetje	honkbalpet:n
hoopgevender	hoopgevend:a
hoopgevendst	hoopgevend:a
hoopgevende	hoopgevend:a
hoopgevendere	hoopgevend:a
hoopgevendste	hoopgevend:a
vlizotrappen	vlizotrap:n
vlizotrapje	vlizotrap:n
vliezotrap	vlizotrap:n
vlieringtrappen	vlieringtrap:n
vlieringtrapje	vlieringtrap:n
zoldertrappen	zoldertrap:n
zoldertrapje	zoldertrap:n
hoefijzervormige	hoefijzervormig:a
hoefijzervormen	hoefijzervorm:n
hoefijzervormpje	hoefijzervorm:n
huidaandoeningen	huidaandoening:n
huidaandoeninkje	huidaandoening:n
huidinfecties	huidinfectie:n
huidplooien	huidplooi:n
huidplooitje	huidplooi:n
huurmoorden	huurmoord:n
vlizo	vlizotrap:n
prachtigs	prachtig:a
stuurstangen	stuurstang:n
stuurstangetje	stuurstang:n
zwatelaars	zwatelaar:n
zwatelaartje	zwatelaar:n
inkijkje	inkijk:n
inkijk	inkijken:v
inkeek	inkijken:v
inkijkt	inkijken:v
inkeken	inkijken:v
inkijkend	inkijken:v
ingekeken	inkijken:v
honderdjarigen	honderdjarige:n
hotelreserveringen	hotelreservering:n
waroebomen	waroeboom:n
waroeboompje	waroeboom:n
noordkrompen	noordkromp:n
noordkrompje	noordkromp:n
melkertbanen	melkertbaan:n
melkertbaantje	melkertbaan:n
pommerozen	pommeroos:n
pommeroosje	pommeroos:n
keffers	keffer:n
keffertje	keffer:n
verzeil	verzeilen:v
verzeilde	verzeilen:v
verzeilt	verzeilen:v
verzeilden	verzeilen:v
verzeilend	verzeilen:v
verzeild	verzeilen:v
vereffen	vereffenen:v
vereffende	vereffenen:v
vereffent	vereffenen:v
vereffenden	vereffenen:v
vereffenend	vereffenen:v
vereffend	vereffenen:v
gebanned	bannen:v
reigerijen	reigerij:n
reigerijtje	reigerij:n
reigerie	reigerij:n
zebraspinnen	zebraspin:n
zebraspinnetje	zebraspin:n
huiszebraspinnen	huiszebraspin:n
huiszebraspinnetje	huiszebraspin:n
springspinnen	springspin:n
springspinnetje	springspin:n
strandlakens	strandlaken:n
linkeroevers	linkeroever:n
linkeroevertje	linkeroever:n
rechteroevers	rechteroever:n
rechteroevertje	rechteroever:n
theaterdocenten	theaterdocent:n
adderwortels	adderwortel:n
adderworteltje	adderwortel:n
duizendknopen	duizendknoop:n
duizendknoopje	duizendknoop:n
stadthouder	stadhouder:n
jampa's	jampa:n
jampaatje	jampa:n
detectiveromans	detectiveroman:n
detectiveromannetje	detectiveroman:n
dagoeblat	dagoeblad:n
klepzakken	klepzak:n
klepzakje	klepzak:n
gelijkvormiger	gelijkvormig:a
gelijkvormigst	gelijkvormig:a
gelijkvormige	gelijkvormig:a
gelijkvormigere	gelijkvormig:a
gelijkvormigste	gelijkvormig:a
gelijkvormigheden	gelijkvormigheid:n
gelijkstel	gelijkstellen:v
gelijkstelde	gelijkstellen:v
gelijkstelt	gelijkstellen:v
gelijkstelden	gelijkstellen:v
gelijkstellend	gelijkstellen:v
gelijkgesteld	gelijkstellen:v
gasbollen	gasbol:n
gasbolletje	gasbol:n
gasexplosies	gasexplosie:n
beetheb	beethebben:v
beethad	beethebben:v
beethebt	beethebben:v
beetheeft	beethebben:v
beethadden	beethebben:v
beethebbend	beethebben:v
beetgehad	beethebben:v
tv-shows	tv-show:n
tv-showtje	tv-show:n
gaanderijen	gaanderij:n
gaanderijtje	gaanderij:n
gallerij	galerij:n
gak	gakken:v
gakte	gakken:v
gakt	gakken:v
gakten	gakken:v
gakkend	gakken:v
gegakt	gakken:v
headlinede	headlinen:v
headlinet	headlinen:v
headlineden	headlinen:v
headlinend	headlinen:v
geheadlined	headlinen:v
gastoevoeren	gastoevoer:n
gasaanvoeren	gasaanvoer:n
gasleveringen	gaslevering:n
gasleveranties	gasleverantie:n
benzinetoevoeren	benzinetoevoer:n
treinreizen	treinreis:n
treinreisje	treinreis:n
alfastralingen	alfastraling:n
bètastralingen	bètastraling:n
gammastralingen	gammastraling:n
alfastralen	alfastraal:n
bètastralen	bètastraal:n
gammastralen	gammastraal:n
boekenleggers	boekenlegger:n
museumkaartjes	museumkaartje:n
museumkaartje	museumkaart:n
museumkaarten	museumkaart:n
schrijfwedstrijden	schrijfwedstrijd:n
dertigtallen	dertigtal:n
dertigtalletje	dertigtal:n
kinderjaren	kinderjaar:n
doolhofachtiger	doolhofachtig:a
doolhofachtigst	doolhofachtig:a
doolhofachtige	doolhofachtig:a
doolhofachtigere	doolhofachtig:a
doolhofachtigste	doolhofachtig:a
labyrintischer	labyrintisch:a
labyrintischt	labyrintisch:a
labyrintische	labyrintisch:a
labyrintischere	labyrintisch:a
labyrintischte	labyrintisch:a
labyrintachtiger	labyrintachtig:a
labyrintachtigst	labyrintachtig:a
labyrintachtige	labyrintachtig:a
labyrintachtigere	labyrintachtig:a
labyrintachtigste	labyrintachtig:a
labyrintiger	labyrintig:a
labyrintigst	labyrintig:a
labyrintige	labyrintig:a
labyrintigere	labyrintig:a
labyrintigste	labyrintig:a
rijstkokers	rijstkoker:n
rijstkokertje	rijstkoker:n
vakantietijden	vakantietijd:n
onooglijker	onooglijk:a
onooglijkst	onooglijk:a
onooglijke	onooglijk:a
onooglijkere	onooglijk:a
onooglijkste	onooglijk:a
ooglijker	ooglijk:a
ooglijkst	ooglijk:a
ooglijke	ooglijk:a
ooglijkere	ooglijk:a
ooglijkste	ooglijk:a
vibede	viben:v
vibet	viben:v
vibeden	viben:v
vibend	viben:v
gevibed	viben:v
gasfabrieken	gasfabriek:n
gasfabriekje	gasfabriek:n
gasfases	gasfase:n
gasfasen	gasfase:n
standhou	standhouden:v
standhoud	standhouden:v
standhield	standhouden:v
standhoudt	standhouden:v
standhielden	standhouden:v
standhoudend	standhouden:v
standgehouden	standhouden:v
quoteer	quoteren:v
quoteerde	quoteren:v
quoteert	quoteren:v
quoteerden	quoteren:v
quoterend	quoteren:v
gequoteerd	quoteren:v
aankleef	aankleven:v
aankleefde	aankleven:v
aankleeft	aankleven:v
aankleefden	aankleven:v
aanklevend	aankleven:v
aangekleefd	aankleven:v
machtsbalansen	machtsbalans:n
landvredes	landvrede:n
landsvrede	landvrede:n
godsvredes	godsvrede:n
ridderslagen	ridderslag:n
hofdagen	hofdag:n
vorstenspiegels	vorstenspiegel:n
machtspolitieke	machtspolitiek:a
ochtendwandelingen	ochtendwandeling:n
ochtendwandelinkje	ochtendwandeling:n
opgeluchter	opgelucht:a
opgeluchtst	opgelucht:a
opgeluchte	opgelucht:a
opgeluchtere	opgelucht:a
opgeluchtste	opgelucht:a
vechtsters	vechtster:n
vechtstertje	vechtster:n
projectdossiers	projectdossier:n
herdersmatten	herdersmat:n
narrenmatten	narrenmat:n
gekkenmatten	gekkenmat:n
weertijgers	weertijger:n
ontwikkelingsstaten	ontwikkelingsstaat:n
ovatondes	ovatonde:n
ovatonden	ovatonde:n
ovonde	ovatonde:n
ovaalvormiger	ovaalvormig:a
ovaalvormigst	ovaalvormig:a
ovaalvormige	ovaalvormig:a
ovaalvormigere	ovaalvormig:a
ovaalvormigste	ovaalvormig:a
garnituren	garnituur:n
garneer	garneren:v
garneerde	garneren:v
garneert	garneren:v
garneerden	garneren:v
garnerend	garneren:v
gegarneerd	garneren:v
garneeren	garneren:v
garneersels	garneersel:n
garneerseltje	garneersel:n
garneering	garnering:n
borrelgarnituren	borrelgarnituur:n
borrelgarnituurtje	borrelgarnituur:n
douchegarnituren	douchegarnituur:n
toiletgarnituren	toiletgarnituur:n
groentegarnituren	groentegarnituur:n
herstelgarnituren	herstelgarnituur:n
nagelgarnituren	nagelgarnituur:n
schouwgarnituren	schouwgarnituur:n
tafelgarnituren	tafelgarnituur:n
spuitzakken	spuitzak:n
spuitzakje	spuitzak:n
ochtendkranten	ochtendkrant:n
ochtendskrantje	ochtendkrant:n
waanvoorstellingen	waanvoorstelling:n
hoofdarbeiders	hoofdarbeider:n
retourvluchten	retourvlucht:n
retourvluchtje	retourvlucht:n
retourbiljetten	retourbiljet:n
zero-emissiezones	zero-emissiezone:n
doosdiagrammen	doosdiagram:n
doosdiagrammetje	doosdiagram:n
slodderde	slodderen:v
sloddert	slodderen:v
slodderden	slodderen:v
slodderend	slodderen:v
geslodderd	slodderen:v
masterdiploma's	masterdiploma:n
aanzeggingen	aanzegging:n
aanzegginkje	aanzegging:n
verlotingen	verloting:n
verlotinkje	verloting:n
afreageer	afreageren:v
afreageerde	afreageren:v
afreageert	afreageren:v
afreageerden	afreageren:v
afreagerend	afreageren:v
afgereageerd	afreageren:v
markthallen	markthal:n
markthalletje	markthal:n
ietsismen	ietsisme:n
tommy-gun	tommygun:n
veterinairs	veterinair:n
receptenboeken	receptenboek:n
receptenboekje	receptenboek:n
kersenjams	kersenjam:n
fruitverkopers	fruitverkoper:n
fruitboeren	fruitboer:n
kersenbomen	kersenboom:n
kersenboompje	kersenboom:n
misdaadromans	misdaadroman:n
misdaadromannetje	misdaadroman:n
bonuskinderen	bonuskind:n
bonuskindje	bonuskind:n
keukendeuren	keukendeur:n
keukendeurtje	keukendeur:n
drinkflessen	drinkfles:n
drinkflesje	drinkfles:n
grensoverschrijdender	grensoverschrijdend:a
grensoverschrijdendst	grensoverschrijdend:a
grensoverschrijdende	grensoverschrijdend:a
grensoverschrijdendere	grensoverschrijdend:a
grensoverschrijdendste	grensoverschrijdend:a
fatbikete	fatbiken:v
fatbiket	fatbiken:v
fatbiketen	fatbiken:v
fatbikend	fatbiken:v
gefatbiket	fatbiken:v
fatbikers	fatbiker:n
fatbikeverboden	fatbikeverbod:n
crowdsurf	crowdsurfen:v
crowdsurfte	crowdsurfen:v
crowdsurft	crowdsurfen:v
crowdsurften	crowdsurfen:v
crowdsurfend	crowdsurfen:v
gecrowdsurft	crowdsurfen:v
crowdsurfde	crowdsurfen:v
crowdsurfden	crowdsurfen:v
gecrowdsurfd	crowdsurfen:v
crowdsurfverboden	crowdsurfverbod:n
vroedmannen	vroedman:n
vroedmannetje	vroedman:n
posturen	postuur:n
postuurtje	postuur:n
paginagrote	paginagroot:a
aanspreekverboden	aanspreekverbod:n
abortusverboden	abortusverbod:n
alcoholverboden	alcoholverbod:n
apologieverboden	apologieverbod:n
arbeidsverboden	arbeidsverbod:n
werkverboden	werkverbod:n
beeldverboden	beeldverbod:n
beregeningsverboden	beregeningsverbod:n
beregeningen	beregening:n
beroepsverboden	beroepsverbod:n
betogingsverboden	betogingsverbod:n
demonstratieverboden	demonstratieverbod:n
bioscoopverboden	bioscoopverbod:n
blowverboden	blowverbod:n
boekverboden	boekverbod:n
boorverboden	boorverbod:n
blowverbodsborden	blowverbodsbord:n
blowverbodsbordje	blowverbodsbord:n
bordeelverboden	bordeelverbod:n
bouwverboden	bouwverbod:n
brandverboden	brandverbod:n
vuurverboden	vuurverbod:n
broekverboden	broekverbod:n
buurtverboden	buurtverbod:n
cumulverboden	cumulverbod:n
dijkverboden	dijkverbod:n
Dijkverbod	dijkverbod:n
dirigeerverboden	dirigeerverbod:n
discardverboden	discardverbod:n
teruggooiverboden	teruggooiverbod:n
teruggooi	teruggooien:v
teruggooide	teruggooien:v
teruggooit	teruggooien:v
teruggooiden	teruggooien:v
teruggooiend	teruggooien:v
teruggegooid	teruggooien:v
aanlandplichten	aanlandplicht:n
aanlandverplichtingen	aanlandverplichting:n
discriminatieverboden	discriminatieverbod:n
dorpsverboden	dorpsverbod:n
drankverboden	drankverbod:n
drugsverboden	drugsverbod:n
drukverboden	drukverbod:n
entreeverboden	entreeverbod:n
exportverboden	exportverbod:n
uitvoerverboden	uitvoerverbod:n
invoerverboden	invoerverbod:n
importverboden	importverbod:n
fokverboden	fokverbod:n
fotoverboden	fotoverbod:n
filmverboden	filmverbod:n
geweldverboden	geweldverbod:n
geweldsverbod	geweldverbod:n
gluurverboden	gluurverbod:n
gokverboden	gokverbod:n
gsm-verboden	gsm-verbod:n
telefoonverboden	telefoonverbod:n
handelsverboden	handelsverbod:n
hoofddoekverboden	hoofddoekverbod:n
hoofddoekenverbod	hoofddoekverbod:n
hoofddoekjesverbod	hoofddoekverbod:n
hormonenverboden	hormonenverbod:n
hormoonverbod	hormonenverbod:n
houdverboden	houdverbod:n
incestverboden	incestverbod:n
inhaalverboden	inhaalverbod:n
inrijverboden	inrijverbod:n
internetverboden	internetverbod:n
investeringsverboden	investeringsverbod:n
jachtverboden	jachtverbod:n
kapverboden	kapverbod:n
kartelverboden	kartelverbod:n
kinderverboden	kinderverbod:n
landingsverboden	landingsverbod:n
leeftijdsverboden	leeftijdsverbod:n
locatieverboden	locatieverbod:n
lokaalverboden	lokaalverbod:n
messenverboden	messenverbod:n
nachtrijverboden	nachtrijverbod:n
omgevingsverboden	omgevingsverbod:n
ontslagverboden	ontslagverbod:n
oortjesverboden	oortjesverbod:n
ouweheren	ouweheer:n
ouweheertje	ouweheer:n
sanskaars	sanskaar:n
sanskaartje	sanskaar:n
naziregimes	naziregime:n
naziregimetje	naziregime:n
paddoverboden	paddoverbod:n
parkeerverboden	parkeerverbod:n
partijverboden	partijverbod:n
zoethouders	zoethouder:n
zoethoudertje	zoethouder:n
meditatieruimten	meditatieruimte:n
meditatieruimtes	meditatieruimte:n
slagaderlijke	slagaderlijk:a
arteriële	arterieel:a
arterieklemmen	arterieklem:n
rvs	roestvrijstalen:a
schadevrijer	schadevrij:a
schadevrijst	schadevrij:a
schadevrije	schadevrij:a
schadevrijere	schadevrij:a
schadevrijste	schadevrij:a
schadelozer	schadeloos:a
schadeloost	schadeloos:a
schadeloze	schadeloos:a
schadelozere	schadeloos:a
schadelooste	schadeloos:a
schaloos	schadeloos:a
schadeloosstel	schadeloosstellen:v
schadeloosstelde	schadeloosstellen:v
schadeloosstelt	schadeloosstellen:v
schadeloosstelden	schadeloosstellen:v
schadeloosstellend	schadeloosstellen:v
schadeloosgesteld	schadeloosstellen:v
schadeloosstellingen	schadeloosstelling:n
sneeuwvrijer	sneeuwvrij:a
sneeuwvrijst	sneeuwvrij:a
sneeuwvrije	sneeuwvrij:a
sneeuwvrijere	sneeuwvrij:a
sneeuwvrijste	sneeuwvrij:a
persoonsverboden	persoonsverbod:n
pleinverboden	pleinverbod:n
schoolverboden	schoolverbod:n
preekverboden	preekverbod:n
productieverboden	productieverbod:n
publicatieverboden	publicatieverbod:n
reclameverboden	reclameverbod:n
reisverboden	reisverbod:n
renteverboden	renteverbod:n
schrijfverboden	schrijfverbod:n
sisverboden	sisverbod:n
slachtverboden	slachtverbod:n
sluierverboden	sluierverbod:n
socialmediaverboden	socialmediaverbod:n
socialemediaverboden	socialemediaverbod:n
speelverboden	speelverbod:n
sponsorverboden	sponsorverbod:n
spreekverboden	spreekverbod:n
stadionverboden	stadionverbod:n
stadsverboden	stadsverbod:n
stakingsverboden	stakingsverbod:n
stapverboden	stapverbod:n
startverboden	startverbod:n
stationverboden	stationverbod:n
stilstaanverboden	stilstaanverbod:n
stopverboden	stopverbod:n
stortverboden	stortverbod:n
straatverboden	straatverbod:n
taalverboden	taalverbod:n
tapverboden	tapverbod:n
testverboden	testverbod:n
tippelverboden	tippelverbod:n
toegangsverboden	toegangsverbod:n
totaalverboden	totaalverbod:n
treinverboden	treinverbod:n
trouwverboden	trouwverbod:n
uitrijverboden	uitrijverbod:n
uitzendverboden	uitzendverbod:n
uniformverboden	uniformverbod:n
vaarverboden	vaarverbod:n
vangstverboden	vangstverbod:n
vangverboden	vangverbod:n
visverboden	visverbod:n
verblijfsverboden	verblijfsverbod:n
verblijfverbod	verblijfsverbod:n
verbodsborden	verbodsbord:n
verbodsbordje	verbodsbord:n
verschijningsverboden	verschijningsverbod:n
verslechteringsverboden	verslechteringsverbod:n
vervoersverboden	vervoersverbod:n
vervoerverbod	vervoersverbod:n
verzamelverboden	verzamelverbod:n
vloekverboden	vloekverbod:n
wachtverboden	wachtverbod:n
wapenverboden	wapenverbod:n
weekendrijverboden	weekendrijverbod:n
wijkverboden	wijkverbod:n
winkelverboden	winkelverbod:n
zwembadverboden	zwembadverbod:n
zwemverboden	zwemverbod:n
raamkozijnen	raamkozijn:n
raamkozijntje	raamkozijn:n
vensterkozijnen	vensterkozijn:n
vensterkozijntje	vensterkozijn:n
paarsgewijze	paarsgewijs:a
druppelsgewijze	druppelsgewijs:a
gymleraren	gymleraar:n
gymlerares	gymleraar:n
artikelgewijs	artikelsgewijs:a
computerproblemen	computerprobleem:n
kroonjaren	kroonjaar:n
kroonjaartje	kroonjaar:n
brilsterns	brilstern:n
brilsternen	brilstern:n
brilsterntje	brilstern:n
computerwinkels	computerwinkel:n
computerwinkeltje	computerwinkel:n
bedrijfstaksgewijze	bedrijfstaksgewijs:a
bedrijfstakgewijs	bedrijfstaksgewijs:a
broksgewijze	broksgewijs:a
dakpansgewijze	dakpansgewijs:a
schildmaagden	schildmaagd:n
schildmaagdje	schildmaagd:n
IT-oplossingen	IT-oplossing:n
computerapparaten	computerapparaat:n
citroenraspen	citroenrasp:n
intrapsychischer	intrapsychisch:a
intrapsychischt	intrapsychisch:a
intrapsychische	intrapsychisch:a
intrapsychischere	intrapsychisch:a
intrapsychischte	intrapsychisch:a
dakpanklassen	dakpanklas:n
raspsels	raspsel:n
pokébowls	pokébowl:n
pikette	piketten:v
pikettend	piketten:v
gepiket	piketten:v
piketkaarten	piketkaart:n
piketpalen	piketpaal:n
piketpaaltje	piketpaal:n
stakingspiketten	stakingspiket:n
stakerspiketten	stakerspiket:n
piketadvocaten	piketadvocaat:n
piketnummers	piketnummer:n
brandpiketten	brandpiket:n
burgerservicenummers	burgerservicenummer:n
bsn-nummers	bsn-nummer:n
dramatiseer	dramatiseren:v
dramatiseerde	dramatiseren:v
dramatiseert	dramatiseren:v
dramatiseerden	dramatiseren:v
dramatiserend	dramatiseren:v
gedramatiseerd	dramatiseren:v
ineendraai	ineendraaien:v
ineendraaide	ineendraaien:v
ineendraait	ineendraaien:v
ineendraaiden	ineendraaien:v
ineendraaiend	ineendraaien:v
ineengedraaid	ineendraaien:v
mivatoiletten	mivatoilet:n
kortwiek	kortwieken:v
kortwiekte	kortwieken:v
kortwiekt	kortwieken:v
kortwiekten	kortwieken:v
kortwiekend	kortwieken:v
gekortwiekt	kortwieken:v
leewiekenen	leewieken:v
leewiekende	leewieken:v
leewiekent	leewieken:v
leewiekenden	leewieken:v
leewiekenend	leewieken:v
geleewiekend	leewieken:v
recidief	recidive:n
recidiveer	recidiveren:v
recidiveerde	recidiveren:v
recidiveert	recidiveren:v
recidiveerden	recidiveren:v
recidiverend	recidiveren:v
gerecidiveerd	recidiveren:v
frambozensappen	frambozensap:n
frambozensapje	frambozensap:n
viswinkels	viswinkel:n
viswinkeltje	viswinkel:n
karamelliseer	karamelliseren:v
karamelliseerde	karamelliseren:v
karamelliseert	karamelliseren:v
karamelliseerden	karamelliseren:v
karamelliserend	karamelliseren:v
gekaramelliseerd	karamelliseren:v
gehandicaptentoiletten	gehandicaptentoilet:n
mindervalidentoiletten	mindervalidentoilet:n
jonggehandicapte	jonggehandicapt:a
jonggehandicapten	jonggehandicapte:n
jonggehandicaptenkortingen	jonggehandicaptenkorting:n
clubde	clubben:v
clubt	clubben:v
clubden	clubben:v
clubbend	clubben:v
geclubd	clubben:v
clubachtiger	clubachtig:a
clubachtigst	clubachtig:a
clubachtige	clubachtig:a
clubachtigere	clubachtig:a
clubachtigste	clubachtig:a
collageachtiger	collageachtig:a
collageachtigst	collageachtig:a
collageachtige	collageachtig:a
collageachtigere	collageachtig:a
collageachtigste	collageachtig:a
countryachtiger	countryachtig:a
countryachtigst	countryachtig:a
countryachtige	countryachtig:a
countryachtigere	countryachtig:a
countryachtigste	countryachtig:a
crèmeachtiger	crèmeachtig:a
crèmeachtigst	crèmeachtig:a
crèmeachtige	crèmeachtig:a
crèmeachtigere	crèmeachtig:a
crèmeachtigste	crèmeachtig:a
crèmeriger	crèmerig:a
crèmerigst	crèmerig:a
crèmerige	crèmerig:a
crèmerigere	crèmerig:a
crèmerigste	crèmerig:a
roomachtiger	roomachtig:a
roomachtigst	roomachtig:a
roomachtige	roomachtig:a
roomachtigere	roomachtig:a
roomachtigste	roomachtig:a
crisisachtiger	crisisachtig:a
crisisachtigst	crisisachtig:a
crisisachtige	crisisachtig:a
crisisachtigere	crisisachtig:a
crisisachtigste	crisisachtig:a
dagboekachtiger	dagboekachtig:a
dagboekachtigst	dagboekachtig:a
dagboekachtige	dagboekachtig:a
dagboekachtigere	dagboekachtig:a
dagboekachtigste	dagboekachtig:a
dandyachtiger	dandyachtig:a
dandyachtigst	dandyachtig:a
dandyachtige	dandyachtig:a
dandyachtigere	dandyachtig:a
dandyachtigste	dandyachtig:a
dandyesker	dandyesk:a
dandyeskst	dandyesk:a
dandyeske	dandyesk:a
dandyeskere	dandyesk:a
dandyeskste	dandyesk:a
deegachtiger	deegachtig:a
deegachtigst	deegachtig:a
deegachtige	deegachtig:a
deegachtigere	deegachtig:a
deegachtigste	deegachtig:a
detectiveachtiger	detectiveachtig:a
detectiveachtigst	detectiveachtig:a
detectiveachtige	detectiveachtig:a
detectiveachtigere	detectiveachtig:a
detectiveachtigste	detectiveachtig:a
diefachtiger	diefachtig:a
diefachtigst	diefachtig:a
diefachtige	diefachtig:a
diefachtigere	diefachtig:a
diefachtigste	diefachtig:a
cabaretachtiger	cabaretachtig:a
cabaretachtigst	cabaretachtig:a
cabaretachtige	cabaretachtig:a
cabaretachtigere	cabaretachtig:a
cabaretachtigste	cabaretachtig:a
dierachtiger	dierachtig:a
dierachtigst	dierachtig:a
dierachtige	dierachtig:a
dierachtigere	dierachtig:a
dierachtigste	dierachtig:a
dolfijnachtiger	dolfijnachtig:a
dolfijnachtigst	dolfijnachtig:a
dolfijnachtige	dolfijnachtig:a
dolfijnachtigere	dolfijnachtig:a
dolfijnachtigste	dolfijnachtig:a
domineeachtiger	domineeachtig:a
domineeachtigst	domineeachtig:a
domineeachtige	domineeachtig:a
domineeachtigere	domineeachtig:a
domineeachtigste	domineeachtig:a
donsachtiger	donsachtig:a
donsachtigst	donsachtig:a
donsachtige	donsachtig:a
donsachtigere	donsachtig:a
donsachtigste	donsachtig:a
doosachtiger	doosachtig:a
doosachtigst	doosachtig:a
doosachtige	doosachtig:a
doosachtigere	doosachtig:a
doosachtigste	doosachtig:a
draadachtiger	draadachtig:a
draadachtigst	draadachtig:a
draadachtige	draadachtig:a
draadachtigere	draadachtig:a
draadachtigste	draadachtig:a
draderiger	draderig:a
draderigst	draderig:a
draderige	draderig:a
draderigere	draderig:a
draderigste	draderig:a
draakachtiger	draakachtig:a
draakachtigst	draakachtig:a
draakachtige	draakachtig:a
draakachtigere	draakachtig:a
draakachtigste	draakachtig:a
drakeriger	drakerig:a
drakerigst	drakerig:a
drakerige	drakerig:a
drakerigere	drakerig:a
drakerigste	drakerig:a
droomachtiger	droomachtig:a
droomachtigst	droomachtig:a
droomachtige	droomachtig:a
droomachtigere	droomachtig:a
droomachtigste	droomachtig:a
duifachtiger	duifachtig:a
duifachtigst	duifachtig:a
duifachtige	duifachtig:a
duifachtigere	duifachtig:a
duifachtigste	duifachtig:a
duinachtiger	duinachtig:a
duinachtigst	duinachtig:a
duinachtige	duinachtig:a
duinachtigere	duinachtig:a
duinachtigste	duinachtig:a
dwergachtiger	dwergachtig:a
dwergachtigst	dwergachtig:a
dwergachtige	dwergachtig:a
dwergachtigere	dwergachtig:a
dwergachtigste	dwergachtig:a
etterachtiger	etterachtig:a
etterachtigst	etterachtig:a
etterachtige	etterachtig:a
etterachtigere	etterachtig:a
etterachtigste	etterachtig:a
pusachtiger	pusachtig:a
pusachtigst	pusachtig:a
pusachtige	pusachtig:a
pusachtigere	pusachtig:a
pusachtigste	pusachtig:a
fluweelachtiger	fluweelachtig:a
fluweelachtigst	fluweelachtig:a
fluweelachtige	fluweelachtig:a
fluweelachtigere	fluweelachtig:a
fluweelachtigste	fluweelachtig:a
galachtiger	galachtig:a
galachtigst	galachtig:a
galachtige	galachtig:a
galachtigere	galachtig:a
galachtigste	galachtig:a
geleiachtiger	geleiachtig:a
geleiachtigst	geleiachtig:a
geleiachtige	geleiachtig:a
geleiachtigere	geleiachtig:a
geleiachtigste	geleiachtig:a
gettoachtiger	gettoachtig:a
gettoachtigst	gettoachtig:a
gettoachtige	gettoachtig:a
gettoachtigere	gettoachtig:a
gettoachtigste	gettoachtig:a
glamourachtiger	glamourachtig:a
glamourachtigst	glamourachtig:a
glamourachtige	glamourachtig:a
glamourachtigere	glamourachtig:a
glamourachtigste	glamourachtig:a
gospelachtiger	gospelachtig:a
gospelachtigst	gospelachtig:a
gospelachtige	gospelachtig:a
gospelachtigere	gospelachtig:a
gospelachtigste	gospelachtig:a
goudachtiger	goudachtig:a
goudachtigst	goudachtig:a
goudachtige	goudachtig:a
goudachtigere	goudachtig:a
goudachtigste	goudachtig:a
granietachtiger	granietachtig:a
granietachtigst	granietachtig:a
granietachtige	granietachtig:a
granietachtigere	granietachtig:a
granietachtigste	granietachtig:a
grasachtiger	grasachtig:a
grasachtigst	grasachtig:a
grasachtige	grasachtig:a
grasachtigere	grasachtig:a
grasachtigste	grasachtig:a
grauwachtiger	grauwachtig:a
grauwachtigst	grauwachtig:a
grauwachtige	grauwachtig:a
grauwachtigere	grauwachtig:a
grauwachtigste	grauwachtig:a
grondachtiger	grondachtig:a
grondachtigst	grondachtig:a
grondachtige	grondachtig:a
grondachtigere	grondachtig:a
grondachtigste	grondachtig:a
happeningachtiger	happeningachtig:a
happeningachtigst	happeningachtig:a
happeningachtige	happeningachtig:a
happeningachtigere	happeningachtig:a
happeningachtigste	happeningachtig:a
haringachtiger	haringachtig:a
haringachtigst	haringachtig:a
haringachtige	haringachtig:a
haringachtigere	haringachtig:a
haringachtigste	haringachtig:a
harsachtiger	harsachtig:a
harsachtigst	harsachtig:a
harsachtige	harsachtig:a
harsachtigere	harsachtig:a
harsachtigste	harsachtig:a
herfstachtiger	herfstachtig:a
herfstachtigst	herfstachtig:a
herfstachtige	herfstachtig:a
herfstachtigere	herfstachtig:a
herfstachtigste	herfstachtig:a
herfstiger	herfstig:a
herfstigst	herfstig:a
herfstige	herfstig:a
herfstigere	herfstig:a
herfstigste	herfstig:a
epilere	epileren:v
hersenachtiger	hersenachtig:a
hersenachtigst	hersenachtig:a
hersenachtige	hersenachtig:a
hersenachtigere	hersenachtig:a
hersenachtigste	hersenachtig:a
hobbelachtiger	hobbelachtig:a
hobbelachtigst	hobbelachtig:a
hobbelachtige	hobbelachtig:a
hobbelachtigere	hobbelachtig:a
hobbelachtigste	hobbelachtig:a
hoerachtiger	hoerachtig:a
hoerachtigst	hoerachtig:a
hoerachtige	hoerachtig:a
hoerachtigere	hoerachtig:a
hoerachtigste	hoerachtig:a
homoachtiger	homoachtig:a
homoachtigst	homoachtig:a
homoachtige	homoachtig:a
homoachtigere	homoachtig:a
homoachtigste	homoachtig:a
honingachtiger	honingachtig:a
honingachtigst	honingachtig:a
honingachtige	honingachtig:a
honingachtigere	honingachtig:a
honingachtigste	honingachtig:a
hoornachtiger	hoornachtig:a
hoornachtigst	hoornachtig:a
hoornachtige	hoornachtig:a
hoornachtigere	hoornachtig:a
hoornachtigste	hoornachtig:a
huiverachtiger	huiverachtig:a
huiverachtigst	huiverachtig:a
huiverachtige	huiverachtig:a
huiverachtigere	huiverachtig:a
huiverachtigste	huiverachtig:a
ijsachtiger	ijsachtig:a
ijsachtigst	ijsachtig:a
ijsachtige	ijsachtig:a
ijsachtigere	ijsachtig:a
ijsachtigste	ijsachtig:a
ijzerachtiger	ijzerachtig:a
ijzerachtigst	ijzerachtig:a
ijzerachtige	ijzerachtig:a
ijzerachtigere	ijzerachtig:a
ijzerachtigste	ijzerachtig:a
inktachtiger	inktachtig:a
inktachtigst	inktachtig:a
inktachtige	inktachtig:a
inktachtigere	inktachtig:a
inktachtigste	inktachtig:a
jongensboekachtiger	jongensboekachtig:a
jongensboekachtigst	jongensboekachtig:a
jongensboekachtige	jongensboekachtig:a
jongensboekachtigere	jongensboekachtig:a
jongensboekachtigste	jongensboekachtig:a
jongensboeken	jongensboek:n
meisjesboeken	meisjesboek:n
meisjesboekachtiger	meisjesboekachtig:a
meisjesboekachtigst	meisjesboekachtig:a
meisjesboekachtige	meisjesboekachtig:a
meisjesboekachtigere	meisjesboekachtig:a
meisjesboekachtigste	meisjesboekachtig:a
kalkachtiger	kalkachtig:a
kalkachtigst	kalkachtig:a
kalkachtige	kalkachtig:a
kalkachtigere	kalkachtig:a
kalkachtigste	kalkachtig:a
kalverachtiger	kalverachtig:a
kalverachtigst	kalverachtig:a
kalverachtige	kalverachtig:a
kalverachtigere	kalverachtig:a
kalverachtigste	kalverachtig:a
kamikazeachtiger	kamikazeachtig:a
kamikazeachtigst	kamikazeachtig:a
kamikazeachtige	kamikazeachtig:a
kamikazeachtigere	kamikazeachtig:a
kamikazeachtigste	kamikazeachtig:a
kankerachtiger	kankerachtig:a
kankerachtigst	kankerachtig:a
kankerachtige	kankerachtig:a
kankerachtigere	kankerachtig:a
kankerachtigste	kankerachtig:a
kartelachtiger	kartelachtig:a
kartelachtigst	kartelachtig:a
kartelachtige	kartelachtig:a
kartelachtigere	kartelachtig:a
kartelachtigste	kartelachtig:a
kasteelachtiger	kasteelachtig:a
kasteelachtigst	kasteelachtig:a
kasteelachtige	kasteelachtig:a
kasteelachtigere	kasteelachtig:a
kasteelachtigste	kasteelachtig:a
kermisachtiger	kermisachtig:a
kermisachtigst	kermisachtig:a
kermisachtige	kermisachtig:a
kermisachtigere	kermisachtig:a
kermisachtigste	kermisachtig:a
kleiachtiger	kleiachtig:a
kleiachtigst	kleiachtig:a
kleiachtige	kleiachtig:a
kleiachtigere	kleiachtig:a
kleiachtigste	kleiachtig:a
kleiiger	kleiig:a
kleiigst	kleiig:a
kleiige	kleiig:a
kleiigere	kleiig:a
kleiigste	kleiig:a
klompachtiger	klompachtig:a
klompachtigst	klompachtig:a
klompachtige	klompachtig:a
klompachtigere	klompachtig:a
klompachtigste	klompachtig:a
hoorndolle	hoorndol:a
horendol	hoorndol:a
aangebrander	aangebrand:a
aangebrandst	aangebrand:a
aangebrande	aangebrand:a
aangebrandere	aangebrand:a
aangebrandste	aangebrand:a
knobbelachtiger	knobbelachtig:a
knobbelachtigst	knobbelachtig:a
knobbelachtige	knobbelachtig:a
knobbelachtigere	knobbelachtig:a
knobbelachtigste	knobbelachtig:a
knobbeliger	knobbelig:a
knobbeligst	knobbelig:a
knobbelige	knobbelig:a
knobbeligere	knobbelig:a
knobbeligste	knobbelig:a
komeetachtiger	komeetachtig:a
komeetachtigst	komeetachtig:a
komeetachtige	komeetachtig:a
komeetachtigere	komeetachtig:a
komeetachtigste	komeetachtig:a
koperachtiger	koperachtig:a
koperachtigst	koperachtig:a
koperachtige	koperachtig:a
koperachtigere	koperachtig:a
koperachtigste	koperachtig:a
krijtachtiger	krijtachtig:a
krijtachtigst	krijtachtig:a
krijtachtige	krijtachtig:a
krijtachtigere	krijtachtig:a
krijtachtigste	krijtachtig:a
kristalachtiger	kristalachtig:a
kristalachtigst	kristalachtig:a
kristalachtige	kristalachtig:a
kristalachtigere	kristalachtig:a
kristalachtigste	kristalachtig:a
krokodilachtiger	krokodilachtig:a
krokodilachtigst	krokodilachtig:a
krokodilachtige	krokodilachtig:a
krokodilachtigere	krokodilachtig:a
krokodilachtigste	krokodilachtig:a
kwajongensachtiger	kwajongensachtig:a
kwajongensachtigst	kwajongensachtig:a
kwajongensachtige	kwajongensachtig:a
kwajongensachtigere	kwajongensachtig:a
kwajongensachtigste	kwajongensachtig:a
cosplayde	cosplayen:v
cosplayt	cosplayen:v
cosplayden	cosplayen:v
cosplayend	cosplayen:v
gecosplayd	cosplayen:v
kiek'n	kieken:v
cosplayst	cosplayen:v
adventskransen	adventskrans:n
gezichtsharen	gezichtshaar:n
gezichtshaartje	gezichtshaar:n
nabouw	nabouwen:v
nabouwde	nabouwen:v
nabouwt	nabouwen:v
nabouwden	nabouwen:v
nabouwend	nabouwen:v
nagebouwd	nabouwen:v
zyne	zijn:t
wrangs	wrang:a
wrangers	wrang:a
achttienplussers	achttienplusser:n
achttienplussertje	achttienplusser:n
18-plusser	achttienplusser:n
18+'er	achttienplusser:n
lhbtqia	lhbt:n
ejecteer	ejecteren:v
ejecteerde	ejecteren:v
ejecteert	ejecteren:v
ejecteerden	ejecteren:v
ejecterend	ejecteren:v
geëjecteerd	ejecteren:v
cilindervormiger	cilindervormig:a
cilindervormigst	cilindervormig:a
cilindervormige	cilindervormig:a
cilindervormigere	cilindervormig:a
cilindervormigste	cilindervormig:a
insnuif	insnuiven:v
insnoof	insnuiven:v
insnuift	insnuiven:v
insnoven	insnuiven:v
insnuivend	insnuiven:v
ingesnoven	insnuiven:v
metste	metsen:v
metst	metsen:v
metsten	metsen:v
metsend	metsen:v
gemetst	metsen:v
heaniger	heanig:a
heanigst	heanig:a
heanige	heanig:a
heanigere	heanig:a
heanigste	heanig:a
modeontwerpers	modeontwerper:n
kearls	kearl:n
kearlke	kearl:n
kearltje	kearl:n
twentismen	twentisme:n
Twentisme	twentisme:n
slaperds	slaperd:n
slaperdje	slaperd:n
gistermiddag	gisterenmiddag:d
waterballonnen	waterballon:n
waterballonnetje	waterballon:n
manisch-depressiviteiten	manisch-depressiviteit:n
keukenrobots	keukenrobot:n
keukenrobotje	keukenrobot:n
uitgerander	uitgerand:a
uitgerandst	uitgerand:a
uitgerande	uitgerand:a
uitgerandere	uitgerand:a
uitgerandste	uitgerand:a
duizendtallen	duizendtal:n
duizendtalletje	duizendtal:n
droomlevens	droomleven:n
zwakbegaafds	zwakbegaafd:a
zwakbegaafders	zwakbegaafd:a
begaafds	begaafd:a
begaafders	begaafd:a
flippere	flipperen:v
flippert	flipperen:v
flipperde	flipperen:v
flipperden	flipperen:v
flipperend	flipperen:v
geflipperd	flipperen:v
droombanen	droombaan:n
droomauto's	droomauto:n
stationcars	stationcar:n
stationcartje	stationcar:n
lubrieker	lubriek:a
lubriekst	lubriek:a
lubriekere	lubriek:a
lubriekste	lubriek:a
lubrieke	lubriek:a
arglisten	arglist:n
windeieren	windei:n
windeitje	windei:n
calfaten	kalefateren:v
toneellessen	toneelles:n
bacheloropleidingen	bacheloropleiding:n
vrouwelijks	vrouwelijk:a
vrouwelijkers	vrouwelijk:a
mannelijks	mannelijk:a
mannelijkers	mannelijk:a
vakantiefoto's	vakantiefoto:n
vakantiefotootje	vakantiefoto:n
kunstgalerieën	kunstgalerie:n
kunstgaleries	kunstgalerie:n
kunstgalerietje	kunstgalerie:n
negentiende-eeuwse	negentiende-eeuws:a
horkte	horken:v
horkt	horken:v
horkten	horken:v
horkend	horken:v
gehorkt	horken:v
vloedmerken	vloedmerk:n
scribanen	scribaan:n
scribaantje	scribaan:n
poolshoogten	poolshoogte:n
kompaskwallen	kompaskwal:n
kompaskwalletje	kompaskwal:n
fotofucks	fotofuck:n
fotofuckje	fotofuck:n
feauteaufuck	fotofuck:n
doornbossen	doornbos:n
doornbosje	doornbos:n
bezoeksters	bezoekster:n
bezoekstertje	bezoekster:n
zogezeid	zogezegd:d|zogezegd:a
gezeid	zeggen:v
beklante	beklant:a
beklant	beklanten:v
welbeklante	welbeklant:a
drukbeklante	drukbeklant:a
goedbeklante	goedbeklant:a
bestbeklante	bestbeklant:a
beklantte	beklanten:v
beklantten	beklanten:v
beklantend	beklanten:v
bandeautops	bandeautop:n
bandeaubikini's	bandeaubikini:n
chochme	gogme:n
chochmes	chochme:n
bikinibroeken	bikinibroek:n
bikinibroekje	bikinibroek:n
bikinitops	bikinitop:n
bikinitopje	bikinitop:n
dinges	dingesen:v
dingeste	dingesen:v
dingest	dingesen:v
dingesten	dingesen:v
dingesend	dingesen:v
gedingest	dingesen:v
bikinilijnen	bikinilijn:n
wellnes	wellnessen:v
wellneste	wellnessen:v
wellnest	wellnessen:v
wellnesten	wellnessen:v
wellnessend	wellnessen:v
gewellnest	wellnessen:v
wellnesse	wellnessen:v
etherdisciplines	etherdiscipline:n
voorberichten	voorbericht:n
voorberichtje	voorbericht:n
clownscholen	clownschool:n
clownschooltje	clownschool:n
wegenissen	wegenis:n
wegbreng	wegbrengen:v
wegbracht	wegbrengen:v
wegbrengt	wegbrengen:v
wegbrachten	wegbrengen:v
wegbrengend	wegbrengen:v
weggebracht	wegbrengen:v
wegdrink	wegdrinken:v
wegdronk	wegdrinken:v
wegdrinkt	wegdrinken:v
wegdronken	wegdrinken:v
wegdrinkend	wegdrinken:v
weggedronken	wegdrinken:v
bureaucratiseer	bureaucratiseren:v
bureaucratiseerde	bureaucratiseren:v
bureaucratiseert	bureaucratiseren:v
bureaucratiseerden	bureaucratiseren:v
bureaucratiserend	bureaucratiseren:v
gebureaucratiseerd	bureaucratiseren:v
wegzap	wegzappen:v
wegzapte	wegzappen:v
wegzapt	wegzappen:v
wegzapten	wegzappen:v
wegzappend	wegzappen:v
weggezapt	wegzappen:v
bureaucratiseringen	bureaucratisering:n
gijen	geien:v
foto-expo's	foto-expo:n
thriftte	thriften:v
thriftten	thriften:v
thriftend	thriften:v
gethrift	thriften:v
vriendenboeken	vriendenboek:n
vriendenboekje	vriendenboek:n
poesiealbums	poesiealbum:n
poesiealbumpje	poesiealbum:n
poëziealbums	poëziealbum:n
poëziealbumpje	poëziealbum:n
verbureaucratiseer	verbureaucratiseren:v
verbureaucratiseerde	verbureaucratiseren:v
verbureaucratiseert	verbureaucratiseren:v
verbureaucratiseerden	verbureaucratiseren:v
verbureaucratiserend	verbureaucratiseren:v
verbureaucratiseerd	verbureaucratiseren:v
verbureaucratiseringen	verbureaucratisering:n
ontbureaucratiseer	ontbureaucratiseren:v
ontbureaucratiseerde	ontbureaucratiseren:v
ontbureaucratiseert	ontbureaucratiseren:v
ontbureaucratiseerden	ontbureaucratiseren:v
ontbureaucratiserend	ontbureaucratiseren:v
ontbureaucratiseerd	ontbureaucratiseren:v
ontbureaucratiseringen	ontbureaucratisering:n
binnenhengel	binnenhengelen:v
binnenhengelde	binnenhengelen:v
binnenhengelt	binnenhengelen:v
binnenhengelden	binnenhengelen:v
binnenhengelend	binnenhengelen:v
binnengehengeld	binnenhengelen:v
postvat	postvatten:v
postvatte	postvatten:v
postvattend	postvatten:v
postgevat	postvatten:v
nymfomanen	nymfomaan:n
nymfomaantje	nymfomaan:n
nymfomaaner	nymfomaan:a
nymfomaanst	nymfomaan:a
nymfomane	nymfomaan:a
nymfomaanste	nymfomaan:a
schilderstijlen	schilderstijl:n
superstitieuzer	superstitieus:a
superstitieust	superstitieus:a
superstitieuze	superstitieus:a
superstitieuzere	superstitieus:a
superstitieuste	superstitieus:a
dramaqueens	dramaqueen:n
kohlpotloden	kohlpotlood:n
kohlpotloodje	kohlpotlood:n
kajalpotloden	kajalpotlood:n
kajalpotloodje	kajalpotlood:n
hob	hobben:v
hobde	hobben:v
hobt	hobben:v
hobden	hobben:v
hobbend	hobben:v
gehobd	hobben:v
plafonnières	plafonnière:n
plafondlampen	plafondlamp:n
plafondlampje	plafondlamp:n
plafondlichten	plafondlicht:n
plafondlichtje	plafondlicht:n
lichtbronnen	lichtbron:n
warmtebronnen	warmtebron:n
plafonneer	plafonneren:v
plafonneerde	plafonneren:v
plafonneert	plafonneren:v
plafonneerden	plafonneren:v
plafonnerend	plafonneren:v
geplafonneerd	plafonneren:v
marathonloopsters	marathonloopster:n
allistische	allistisch:a
sportwetenschappen	sportwetenschap:n
navond	goedenavond:i
jokerjaren	jokerjaar:n
terugkeerhubs	terugkeerhub:n
januari-edities	januari-editie:n
januarinummers	januarinummer:n
januariacties	januariactie:n
januariavonden	januariavond:n
januaricijfers	januaricijfer:n
januaridagen	januaridag:n
januarimaanden	januarimaand:n
eigenaresses	eigenaresse:n
eigenaressetje	eigenaresse:n
eclipsbrillen	eclipsbril:n
eclipsbrilletje	eclipsbril:n
grondverf	grondverven:v
grondverfde	grondverven:v
grondverft	grondverven:v
grondverfden	grondverven:v
grondvervend	grondverven:v
gegrondverfd	grondverven:v
januarimiddagen	januarimiddag:n
januarinamiddagen	januarinamiddag:n
januarivoormiddagen	januarivoormiddag:n
januarimorgens	januarimorgen:n
januariochtenden	januariochtend:n
januarinachten	januarinacht:n
januaritemperaturen	januaritemperatuur:n
januariweken	januariweek:n
januariwinden	januariwind:n
januarizonnen	januarizon:n
hoedenmakers	hoedenmaker:n
zeeblauwer	zeeblauw:a
zeeblauwst	zeeblauw:a
zeeblauwe	zeeblauw:a
zeeblauwere	zeeblauw:a
zeeblauwste	zeeblauw:a
eclipseer	eclipseren:v
eclipseerde	eclipseren:v
eclipseert	eclipseren:v
eclipseerden	eclipseren:v
eclipserend	eclipseren:v
geëclipseerd	eclipseren:v
eclipseringen	eclipsering:n
bankiere	spetteren:v
antieks	antiek:a
maandagsch	maandags:a
dinsdagsch	dinsdags:a
woensdagsch	woensdags:a
betovergrootouders	betovergrootouder:n
jonkvrouwen	jonkvrouw:n
jonkvrouwtje	jonkvrouw:n
eierlevendbarender	eierlevendbarend:a
eierlevendbarendst	eierlevendbarend:a
eierlevendbarendere	eierlevendbarend:a
eierlevendbarendste	eierlevendbarend:a
eierlevendbarende	eierlevendbarend:a
levendbarender	levendbarend:a
levendbarendst	levendbarend:a
levendbarendere	levendbarend:a
levendbarendste	levendbarend:a
levendbarende	levendbarend:a
eileggender	eileggend:a
eileggendst	eileggend:a
eileggendere	eileggend:a
eileggendste	eileggend:a
eileggende	eileggend:a
vivipaarder	vivipaar:a
vivipaarst	vivipaar:a
vivipaardere	vivipaar:a
vivipaarste	vivipaar:a
vivipaare	vivipaar:a
ovovivipaarder	ovovivipaar:a
ovovivipaarst	ovovivipaar:a
ovovivipaardere	ovovivipaar:a
ovovivipaarste	ovovivipaar:a
ovovivipaare	ovovivipaar:a
ovipaarder	ovipaar:a
ovipaarst	ovipaar:a
ovipaardere	ovipaar:a
ovipaarste	ovipaar:a
ovipaare	ovipaar:a
opmerkingsgaves	opmerkingsgave:n
onaandachtiger	onaandachtig:a
onaandachtigst	onaandachtig:a
onaandachtigere	onaandachtig:a
onaandachtigste	onaandachtig:a
onaandachtige	onaandachtig:a
onopmerkzaamer	onopmerkzaam:a
onopmerkzaamst	onopmerkzaam:a
onopmerkzaamere	onopmerkzaam:a
onopmerkzaamste	onopmerkzaam:a
onopmerkzaame	onopmerkzaam:a
donderdagsch	donderdags:a
vrijdagsch	vrijdags:a
zaterdagsch	zaterdags:a
zondagsch	zondags:a
eereergister	eereergisteren:d
hallode	halloën:v
halloot	halloën:v
halloden	halloën:v
halloënd	halloën:v
gehallood	halloën:v
zaagjes	zaagje:n
linksbenige	linksbenig:a
rechtsbenige	rechtsbenig:a
onkiezer	onkies:a
onkiest	onkies:a
onkieze	onkies:a
onkiezere	onkies:a
onkieste	onkies:a
mattenbiezen	mattenbies:n
mattenbiesje	mattenbies:n
ziekenhuisballen	ziekenhuisbal:n
gidssoorten	gidssoort:n
gidssoortje	gidssoort:n
lekenbiechten	lekenbiecht:n
lekenbiechtje	lekenbiecht:n
vossenbiechten	vossenbiecht:n
vossenbiechtje	vossenbiecht:n
nabranders	nabrander:n
nabrandertje	nabrander:n
regeringsbroden	regeringsbrood:n
lymf	lymfe:n
lymfeklieren	lymfeklier:n
lymfekliertje	lymfeklier:n
lymfklier	lymfeklier:n
lymfeklierkankers	lymfeklierkanker:n
lymfklierkanker	lymfeklierkanker:n
geelpoothoornaars	geelpoothoornaar:n
geelpoothoornaartje	geelpoothoornaar:n
gisterochtend	gisterenochtend:d
gistermorgen	gisterenmorgen:d
gisternacht	gisterennacht:d
eergisterochtend	eergisterenochtend:d
eergistermorgen	eergisterenmorgen:d
eergistermiddag	eergisterenmiddag:d
eergisteravond	eergisterenavond:d
eergisternacht	eergisterennacht:d
aaneenduw	aaneenduwen:v
aaneenduwde	aaneenduwen:v
aaneenduwt	aaneenduwen:v
aaneenduwden	aaneenduwen:v
aaneenduwend	aaneenduwen:v
aaneengeduwd	aaneenduwen:v
Algerijnsen	Algerijnse:n
groepsverbanden	groepsverband:n
groepsverbandje	groepsverband:n
cultuurevenementen	cultuurevenement:n
stapelmuren	stapelmuur:n
stapelmuurtje	stapelmuur:n
gevangenismuren	gevangenismuur:n
gevangenismuurtje	gevangenismuur:n
paleismuren	paleismuur:n
paleismuurtje	paleismuur:n
verpakkers	verpakker:n
verpakkertje	verpakker:n
verpakkingsmaterialen	verpakkingsmateriaal:n
cadeauverpakkingen	cadeauverpakking:n
verpakkingspapieren	verpakkingspapier:n
pakpapieren	pakpapier:n
pakpapiertje	pakpapier:n
inpakpapieren	inpakpapier:n
inpakpapiertje	inpakpapier:n
lenteochtenden	lenteochtend:n
lenteochtendje	lenteochtend:n
lentemorgens	lentemorgen:n
voorjaarsochtenden	voorjaarsochtend:n
voorjaarsochtendje	voorjaarsochtend:n
voorjaarsmorgens	voorjaarsmorgen:n
lentemiddagen	lentemiddag:n
lentemiddagje	lentemiddag:n
voorjaarsmiddagen	voorjaarsmiddag:n
voorjaarsmiddagje	voorjaarsmiddag:n
voorjaarsavonden	voorjaarsavond:n
voorjaarsavondje	voorjaarsavond:n
lentenachten	lentenacht:n
lentenachtje	lentenacht:n
voorjaarsnachten	voorjaarsnacht:n
voorjaarsnachtje	voorjaarsnacht:n
zomerochtenden	zomerochtend:n
zomerochtendje	zomerochtend:n
zomermorgens	zomermorgen:n
zomermiddagen	zomermiddag:n
zomermiddagje	zomermiddag:n
zomernachten	zomernacht:n
zomernachtje	zomernacht:n
herfstochtenden	herfstochtend:n
herfstochtendje	herfstochtend:n
herfstmorgens	herfstmorgen:n
aanbagger	aanbaggeren:v
aanbaggerde	aanbaggeren:v
aanbaggert	aanbaggeren:v
aanbaggerden	aanbaggeren:v
aanbaggerend	aanbaggeren:v
aangebaggerd	aanbaggeren:v
najaarsochtenden	najaarsochtend:n
najaarsochtendje	najaarsochtend:n
najaarsmorgens	najaarsmorgen:n
aandijk	aandijken:v
aandijkte	aandijken:v
aandijkt	aandijken:v
aandijkten	aandijken:v
aandijkend	aandijken:v
aangedijkt	aandijken:v
herfstmiddagen	herfstmiddag:n
herfstmiddagje	herfstmiddag:n
indijk	indijken:v
indijkte	indijken:v
indijkt	indijken:v
indijkten	indijken:v
indijkend	indijken:v
ingedijkt	indijken:v
najaarsmiddagen	najaarsmiddag:n
najaarsmiddagje	najaarsmiddag:n
najaarsavonden	najaarsavond:n
najaarsavondje	najaarsavond:n
herfstnachten	herfstnacht:n
herfstnachtje	herfstnacht:n
najaarsnachten	najaarsnacht:n
najaarsnachtje	najaarsnacht:n
winterochtenden	winterochtend:n
winterochtendje	winterochtend:n
wintermorgens	wintermorgen:n
wintermiddagen	wintermiddag:n
wintermiddagje	wintermiddag:n
ontzettingen	ontzetting:n
winternachten	winternacht:n
winternachtje	winternacht:n
wegbouw	wegbouwen:v
wegbouwde	wegbouwen:v
wegbouwt	wegbouwen:v
wegbouwden	wegbouwen:v
wegbouwend	wegbouwen:v
weggebouwd	wegbouwen:v
make-upremovers	make-upremover:n
nagellakremovers	nagellakremover:n
nagellakverwijderaars	nagellakverwijderaar:n
insectenbeten	insectenbeet:n
insectenbeetje	insectenbeet:n
achtduizenders	achtduizender:n
slijpsels	slijpsel:n
cacaofantasieën	cacaofantasie:n
au-pairbureaus	au-pairbureau:n
au-paircontracten	au-paircontract:n
au-pairmeisjes	au-pairmeisje:n
echecs	echec:n
echecje	echec:n
muggenbeten	muggenbeet:n
muggenbeetje	muggenbeet:n
opstuit	opstuiten:v
opstuitte	opstuiten:v
opstuitten	opstuiten:v
opstuitend	opstuiten:v
opgestuit	opstuiten:v
ambulancediensten	ambulancedienst:n
moeilijks	moeilijk:a
clipoorbellen	clipoorbel:n
oorclips	oorclip:n
oorclipje	oorclip:n
haarclips	haarclip:n
haarclipje	haarclip:n
clipmakers	clipmaker:n
clipmakertje	clipmaker:n
clipzenders	clipzender:n
clipzendertje	clipzender:n
cherrytomaten	cherrytomaat:n
cherrytomaatje	cherrytomaat:n
kerstomaten	kerstomaat:n
kerstomaatje	kerstomaat:n
compromisbereider	compromisbereid:a
compromisbereidst	compromisbereid:a
compromisbereide	compromisbereid:a
compromisbereidere	compromisbereid:a
compromisbereidste	compromisbereid:a
puberachtiger	puberachtig:a
puberachtigst	puberachtig:a
puberachtige	puberachtig:a
puberachtigere	puberachtig:a
puberachtigste	puberachtig:a
puberiger	puberig:a
puberigst	puberig:a
puberige	puberig:a
puberigere	puberig:a
puberigste	puberig:a
lokpubers	lokpuber:n
loktieners	loktiener:n
puberdochters	puberdochter:n
puberdochtertje	puberdochter:n
puberzoons	puberzoon:n
puberzonen	puberzoon:n
puberzoontje	puberzoon:n
puberjongens	puberjongen:n
puberjongetje	puberjongen:n
pubermeisjes	pubermeisje:n
puberettes	puberette:n
dispergeerbaarder	dispergeerbaar:a
dispergeerbaarst	dispergeerbaar:a
dispergeerbare	dispergeerbaar:a
dispergeerbaardere	dispergeerbaar:a
dispergeerbaarste	dispergeerbaar:a
dispergeer	dispergeren:v
dispergeerde	dispergeren:v
dispergeert	dispergeren:v
dispergeerden	dispergeren:v
dispergerend	dispergeren:v
gedispergeerd	dispergeren:v
orodispergeerbaarder	orodispergeerbaar:a
orodispergeerbaarst	orodispergeerbaar:a
orodispergeerbare	orodispergeerbaar:a
orodispergeerbaardere	orodispergeerbaar:a
orodispergeerbaarste	orodispergeerbaar:a
graanpoppen	graanpop:n
graanpopje	graanpop:n
graanpoppetje	graanpop:n
schildertechnieken	schildertechniek:n
schildertechniekje	schildertechniek:n
familie-uitjes	familie-uitje:n
strandvakanties	strandvakantie:n
zeise	zeisen:v
couranters	courant:a
Nederlandssprekende	Nederlandssprekend:a
Nederlandssprekenden	Nederlandssprekende:n
codeberichten	codebericht:n
roodkopgieren	roodkopgier:n
unieks	uniek:a
kostbaars	kostbaar:a
work-outs	work-out:n
geils	geil:a
geilers	geil:a
eiergerechten	eiergerecht:n
eiergerechtje	eiergerecht:n
ijsde	ijzen:v
ijst	ijzen:v
ijsden	ijzen:v
ijzend	ijzen:v
geijsd	ijzen:v
ijze	ijzen:v
verdachts	verdacht:a
sportactiviteiten	sportactiviteit:n
sportactiviteitje	sportactiviteit:n
handbalteams	handbalteam:n
concentrische	concentrisch:a
borstvoedingmaffia	borstvoedingsmaffia:n
bv-maffia	borstvoedingsmaffia:n
ambergrijs	ambergris:n
handbalwedstrijden	handbalwedstrijd:n
pianospeel	pianospelen:v
pianospeelde	pianospelen:v
pianospeelt	pianospelen:v
pianospeelden	pianospelen:v
pianospelend	pianospelen:v
pianogespeeld	pianospelen:v
vioolspeel	vioolspelen:v
vioolspeelde	vioolspelen:v
vioolspeelt	vioolspelen:v
vioolspeelden	vioolspelen:v
vioolspelend	vioolspelen:v
vioolgespeeld	vioolspelen:v
sportteams	sportteam:n
handbalclubs	handbalclub:n
reisplannen	reisplan:n
reisplannetje	reisplan:n
geluiddichter	geluiddicht:a
geluiddichtst	geluiddicht:a
geluiddichte	geluiddicht:a
geluiddichtere	geluiddicht:a
geluiddichtste	geluiddicht:a
geluidsdicht	geluiddicht:a
glasdichter	glasdicht:a
glasdichtst	glasdicht:a
glasdichte	glasdicht:a
glasdichtere	glasdicht:a
glasdichtste	glasdicht:a
halfdichte	halfdicht:a
lekdichter	lekdicht:a
lekdichtst	lekdicht:a
lekdichte	lekdicht:a
lekdichtere	lekdicht:a
lekdichtste	lekdicht:a
potdichte	potdicht:a
regendichter	regendicht:a
regendichtst	regendicht:a
regendichte	regendicht:a
regendichtere	regendicht:a
regendichtste	regendicht:a
spatwaterdichter	spatwaterdicht:a
spatwaterdichtst	spatwaterdicht:a
spatwaterdichte	spatwaterdicht:a
spatwaterdichtere	spatwaterdicht:a
spatwaterdichtste	spatwaterdicht:a
stofdichter	stofdicht:a
stofdichtst	stofdicht:a
stofdichte	stofdicht:a
stofdichtere	stofdicht:a
stofdichtste	stofdicht:a
vloeistofdichter	vloeistofdicht:a
vloeistofdichtst	vloeistofdicht:a
vloeistofdichte	vloeistofdicht:a
vloeistofdichtere	vloeistofdicht:a
vloeistofdichtste	vloeistofdicht:a
kwikachtiger	kwikachtig:a
kwikachtigst	kwikachtig:a
kwikachtige	kwikachtig:a
kwikachtigere	kwikachtig:a
kwikachtigste	kwikachtig:a
kwikzilverachtiger	kwikzilverachtig:a
kwikzilverachtigst	kwikzilverachtig:a
kwikzilverachtige	kwikzilverachtig:a
kwikzilverachtigere	kwikzilverachtig:a
kwikzilverachtigste	kwikzilverachtig:a
laboratoriumachtiger	laboratoriumachtig:a
laboratoriumachtigst	laboratoriumachtig:a
laboratoriumachtige	laboratoriumachtig:a
laboratoriumachtigere	laboratoriumachtig:a
laboratoriumachtigste	laboratoriumachtig:a
lava-achtiger	lava-achtig:a
lava-achtigst	lava-achtig:a
lava-achtige	lava-achtig:a
lava-achtigere	lava-achtig:a
lava-achtigste	lava-achtig:a
leemachtiger	leemachtig:a
leemachtigst	leemachtig:a
leemachtige	leemachtig:a
leemachtigere	leemachtig:a
leemachtigste	leemachtig:a
lemiger	lemig:a
lemigst	lemig:a
lemige	lemig:a
lemigere	lemig:a
lemigste	lemig:a
leerachtiger	leerachtig:a
leerachtigst	leerachtig:a
leerachtige	leerachtig:a
leerachtigere	leerachtig:a
leerachtigste	leerachtig:a
lenteachtiger	lenteachtig:a
lenteachtigst	lenteachtig:a
lenteachtige	lenteachtig:a
lenteachtigere	lenteachtig:a
lenteachtigste	lenteachtig:a
lila-achtiger	lila-achtig:a
lila-achtigst	lila-achtig:a
lila-achtige	lila-achtig:a
lila-achtigere	lila-achtig:a
lila-achtigste	lila-achtig:a
luxepoezen	luxepoes:n
luxepoesje	luxepoes:n
